What 's amazing about New Moon , and the whole Twilight series generally , is how easily it becomes self-parody .
The film 's saving grace , by a long chalk , is Kristen Stewart , who once again manages to make the insufferable Bella far more interesting on the screen than she is on the page .
Entertaining for what it is and the alpha male werewolves end up being a lot more fun than the brooding , moody vampires .
The brooding and sulking is so palpable in `` New Moon , '' the latest film in the Twilight series , that you could probably cut it with a knife . If the filmmakers thought that this would be enough to carry a film for over two hours , they were sadly mistaken .
Ostensible heroine Bella is such a weak , needy , pathetic co-dependent who stirs up so much sh*t for those she purportedly loves that it 's hard to muster much rooting interest for her .
So long as there are people , there will be love stories -- I hope they all feel as lush and lively as this one .
The net result is boredom unless you 're already heavily invested in this series and bringing your own enthusiasm to the table .
Unfortunately , but not unexpectedly , new director Chris Weitz has decided to be generally faithful to his source material despite the problems it 's going to give him through a narrative that could delicately be described as ` sprawling . '
The Twilight Saga 's New Moon is not terrible , despite featuring some excruciatingly lazy storytelling , atrocious performances , listless direction and a core storyline that is both uninteresting and somewhat disturbing .
... a marked improvement over its decidedly uneven predecessor ...
Robert Pattinson and his stomach cramps - I mean , aching unrequited love - are less oppressive , but the trade off is Taylor Lautner and his relentless shirtlessness .
Poorly structured , poorly paced , poorly executed CGI in places and characters that are unlikeable , despite the fact that we should be rooting for them . An inaccessible mess .
For pity 's sake , direct-to-video cheerleading competition films have more genuine intrigue than this .
New Moon is only after the affectation of emotion , of swoon-worthy poses and faux-momentous aesthetics .
My main problem with the Twilight series so far is that Bella does n't have much in the way of admirable qualities . What 's her distinction ? She pines a lot .
I did find this film to be a little better than `` Twilight '' because of the romantic triangle aspect . That , and other plot developments add some complexity and suspense , making the film a bit more interesting .
New Moon was fully satisfying for the fans . I just happen to not be a fan .
Superficial soup for the teenage soul .
Oh God ... make it stop .
niz propu % u0161tenih prilika da film postane zabavna samoparodija
full review at Movies for the Masses
Kristen Stewart does herself no favors by following her performance in Adventureland with this mope-a-palooza retread
I am not ashamed to admit that I will be the first in line for Twilight part three .
The entire film seems to consist of three thoughts , cycled ad nauseum : Do n't leave me . I ca n't live without you . Make me a vampire .
As she ponders her future , Bella is less aware than you are that she has very similar effects on the monster boy rivals for her affection -- glowing eyes , rising tempers , pronounced teeth , ungodly strength , usually demonstrated on others of their ilk or f
The scenery is still there , but just about everything else that worked in the first film does n't in ` New Moon . ' For one thing , the structure is a mess .
Despite the focus on young , shirtless werewolves and well coiffed vampires , the second installment of Stephanie Meyer 's immensely popular series comes off as a tepid adventure in Zombieland .
Around about here , Pattinson gets to bare his own chest -- a bad idea in a movie that also features Taylor Lautner - and we notice that while his face is heavily pancaked , his torso is of a normal human hue . Whatever , I suppose .
Bella 's tedious moping takes center stage until a poorly delivered telephone message -LRB- what a lame dramatic device ! -RRB- sends everyone to Italy to confront ` the Volturi ' ...
Bella could go down in literature as one of the dullest , most self-obsessed geeks of all time . Pick a wolf , pick a vampire , pick someone in the animal kingdom , and get on with it.The first film was tolerable . `` New Moon '' just needs to go away quickly . P
Not as intense as it 's predecessor Twilight , but still manages to shine . ''
So we 've got a paper cut and a phone call , and a romance that never feels as big as the movie tries to make it seem .
`` New Moon '' is a terrible , terrible movie that is essentially `` Transformers 2 '' for the training bra set with pseudo-soulful glances from bare-chested boys substituting for giant robots blowing things up .
Had the audience at my screening heaving and sighing so often , here 's a recommendation : Bring an oxygen tank . You 'll need it and a mask , particularly in the presence of so much heaving and sighing and busy shirtlessness .
For true Twilight believers , the slow moments are more opportunity to gaze at pretty-boy young men playing characters who 're both the best and worst boyfriends a girl could ever have .
Chris Weitz 's film caters as well as the previous movie did to pale , fantasy-loving teenage girls , while adding a bit more humour for the rest of us .
The film takes itself rather earnestly , the heroine is more than half in love with easeful death , and the lighting by Spanish ace cinematographer Javier Aguirresarobe is impressive .
Romeo And Juliet it ai n't , but as a solid love story , New Moon gets the blood pumping .
So tedious and stupid that it makes last year 's Twilight seem like Nosferatu .
If this is the world 's next generation of womanhood , that 's a century of female emancipation down the drain . Bella 's more likely to polish her chastity belt than burn her bra .
Leaden pace leaves New Moon lifeless .
Mostly keeps going by reels and reels of moping from Bella and Edward -- the two have more mood swings and changes of heart than the entire cast of Gone With the Wind .
The relational knots of emo heroes and dreamy hunks are making it start to feel rather soapy
Ferocious werewolves suppressing their inner humans , up to no good undocumented undead illegally crossing borders for no reason than as possible filler , and sexy vampires that make panting girl hearts flutter and swoon across America .
A review-proof adventure certain to keep its intended demographic enthralled for a couple of hours .
A perfect movie for pre-teen and early teen girls but a letdown for the rest of the audience due to its slow pace and whiny tone
If only director Chris Weitz had managed to tease out the real drama -- Bella 's fear of aging -- instead of a tired one .
A landmark cinematic event in 280 words , or one for every $ 500,000 of weekend box office .
New Moon has more humor , more action and fewer extraneous characters . Long story short : It glides where the first film galumphed .
` Dogs , vampires ... my miserable life would be so much less complicated if I were ugly or maybe French , ' exclaims Bella .
For me , nothing in ` New Moon ' matches the visual excitement of the vampire baseball game in ` Twilight . '
The soundtrack will be smothered by the sounds of screaming girls , and laughing at them may be the only pleasure you get out of this arduously edited angst fest .
Bella 's confusion about the mystery of boys , adrenaline and testosterone matches her confusion about her soul . For Weitz , it 's all just F/X .
Boring , but I 'll say this about New Moon : it appears to have been made by people more familiar with the craft of cinema than Twilight was .
benefits from greater romantic tension emanating from a love triangle , the inclusion of werewolves , and Kristen Stewart reducing her lower lip biting by at least fifty percent
The number one killer is that it 's two hours and 10 minutes long and the plot recycles itself over and over again .
It has an amazing kind of emotional integrity and intensity .
New Moon does n't have much of a plot ; the bulk of it is Bella moping around . But director Chris Weitz knows a thing or two about love ...
Weitz 's pacing is so limp you 're going to need the electricity generated by a live audience to keep from yelling , `` Hurry it up ! ''
... despite a better than expected attempt by -LRB- Chris -RRB- Weitz , this is a story that lacks any real quality .
Bella Swan is loathsome and not aware how insipid , self involved , narcissistic and whiny she is .
One of her suitors stays out all night with his weird friends . The other does his `` Brokeback Mountain '' thing with his buddies in the woods .
The massive target audience of femmes -LRB- who nearly swooned when Edward and the incredibly buff Jacob bare their chests -RRB- is going to love New Moon .
Stewart and Pattinson seem to be going through the motions , marking time until they can be done with this series and move on to other projects of more consequence .
If they spent more time on the scripts , coaching the actors and finding less distracting hair and makeup , they might earn what they have but do n't deserve : the fans ' unconditional love .
Because of this new , but thoroughly chaste love triangle , `` The Twilight Saga : New Moon '' is inept and annoying in a different way than its predecessor .
Weitz catches the spirit of the story and allows the natural chemistry between his leads do the rest .
One ca n't really complain about delivering what the fans want , can one ?
For easily impressed audiences that equate big lowest-common-denominator box office receipts with quality , here is a perfect movie for them to constantly check their cell phones as they sit in the dark ...
If you want to see that sparkle again , wait no longer.Edward is back .
Hollywood 's second foray into the Twilight zone features enough fantasy and romance to satisfy most devotees , but just as many viewers will notice this is too often a case of the emperor -- or , more specifically , buff teenage boys -- wearing no clothes .
Seldom has a film disparaged the state of virginity as much as has this lethargically - paced , often inane , paean to thwarted post-pubescent horniness . Believe me chastity can be fun . Ask Doris Day .
Shallow , vapid and cheesy , proving that melancholy eternity themes can sometimes be drenched in tedium - except for ferocious Twi-hards .
Its defects include cumbersome dialogue and ludicrous plotting - its lack of sophistication is total - but who 's going to notice with all those shirtless wolf-men flexing their pecs ?
The sequel will not disappoint the avid readers of Stephenie Meyer 's bestselling four-book series or the rabid fan base of women , especially teenage girls . The strong storytelling keeps you engaged even if you have not read the book .
Alternates between grueling amounts of bad dialogue and silly humor for the teen set ; except for a few moments involving the werewolves and the Volturi , it 's fairly dismissible drivel .
It never feels as profound as Highlander , and rest assured , Highlander is not my high watermark for metaphorical drama .
Despite an abundance of nude male torsos , New Moon has n't enough swoony romance for its female demo , action thrills or cleverness anywhere in the production , dragging on eternally like its vamp undead .
New Moon nearly convinces non ` Twilight ' fans to embrace the teen franchise , but the final half hour is a stake through the film 's heart .
Those who ca n't get enough of either Stephenie Meyers ' ` Twilight ' novels or the first movie will no doubt be in hormone heaven over ` New Moon . ' For the rest of us , ` New Moon ' is 2 hours of cheesy , adolescent lust wrapped in werewolves ' clothing .
Vampire movies should suck but not like this . Some will want to drive a wooden stake through my heart . It 's a waste of time . Ask anyone who knows me . I do n't have a heart .
It 's Shakespeare on training wheels made for future Lifetime viewers .
It 's intellectually and socially detrimental to both literature and cinema , simultaneously . The fact that so many girls will see this movie and drink up the messages like poisoned Kool-Aid depresses the hell out of me .
I 'm fairly certain none of the millions of fans of the Twilight movies could give a rat 's ass what a jaded film critic thinks about it . And so , I 'm not going to be one .
Despite superb cinematography and special effects , -LSB- it -RSB- overstays its welcome and lacks palpable excitement , thrills and suspense . Its mediocre performances and dumbed-down screenplay add insult to injury .
Watching New Moon is like being trapped in a room for two hours with a moody teenage girl who wo n't stop whining about how her boyfriend dumped her .
I did n't hate this movie ... If only we could get rid of Edward and Bella , I think I might actually become a fan .
Edward is still a walking mannequin , and his emotional range is so limited that the connection between Bella and Edward seems strained and at crucial times unconvincing .
The narrative is choppy , the pace is slow , it 's way too long and , well , not a lot really happens .
A big bowl of adolescent romantic mush garnished with horror-lite action scenes and a rushed road trip , The Twilight Saga : New Moon is a mess .
If you 're not a teenage girl or do n't swoon at the sight of Robert Pattinson or a shirtless Taylor Lautner , then surprise , New Moon was n't made for you . An event movie for girls in the same way every Michael Bay movie is a guilty pleasure for guys , there '
Memo to director Chris Weitz and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg : Just because you make a movie about vampires does n't mean you suck the life out of your story .
The movie 's script and production values represent a big step up from the nearly unwatchable predecessor and make it suitable viewing even for people who are n't Twilight nerds .
Walking out of New Moon , I was struck by the odd sensation that I was living in an alternate universe peopled by vampires and the movie we 'd just seen was their version of Days of our Lives .
If you 're out of high school , a person of color , do n't have teen daughters , a feminist , or a heterosexual male , New Moon will probably disappoint . But , what do I know -- this is the same audience who loves Miley Cyrus .
The second installment in the hugely popular Twilight saga is darker and a bit more violent than the first movie , but not enough to make it inappropriate for teens .
New Moon knows what it is , what it is n't and how to quench fans . It ca n't say the same , though , for outsiders .
If you buy in to the central romance , you 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll swoon . Otherwise , the lingering glances , lip-chewing and regular de-shirting may cause uncontrollable giggles .
` New Moon ' is little more than a skilful soap opera , but it 's still enjoyable escapism - even if you 're old and wise enough to see through it .
Considering it 's about vampires , it 's ironic the whole affair is mostly bloodless and decidedly toothless .
If you 're a romantic at heart who does n't mind shelling out $ 12 to watch a couple of adolescent boy hotties strut their stuff , you might as well just go and enjoy the eye candy . 'Cause it 's kind of worth it .
So distressingly po-faced that even the funny bits smack of faux teen gravitas .
The first sequel to Twilight has the feel of a placeholder ... but Twi-hards , like Bella , have mastered the art of willing themselves to see only what they want to see .
There 's little in the way of forward momentum until the final 30 minutes ; stretching out this picture to longer than two hours was indefensible .
Gives fans what they want -LRB- hot young dudes who do n't wear shirts -RRB- , and might surprise a few people who did n't expect much
New Moon lacks the chemistry and passion that made Twilight so special . The sequel focuses more on the gratuitous sex appeal of the two lead male stars .
If the first instalment of The Twilight Saga was a celebration of teenage sulkiness , then this sequel positively drowns in it .
New Moon flirts with various treatment methods - rehab , alternative medication - before giving us the fix we crave . Fans will not be disappointed .
Overall , it delivers on everything Twi-hards will want , but that in itself is this film 's failing .
Depending on your gender , age and Twihard-ness , this good-looking angst party is either a solid Meyer adaptation with quiver-worthy moments of hotness ; or a wet , ludicrous , unintentionally-funny pile of steaming bathos .
I enjoyed New Moon . It has occasional longeurs , for sure ; it lurches from the sublime to the ridiculous -LRB- that 's a cliché , but this film does just that -RRB- ; but it also has joyous moments .
Most of the movie is concerned with the glum , lonely Bella , who just does n't know what to do with herself - and it looks as though the film-makers were similarly stumped .
The boys preen while the girl sulks . And pouts . And sulks . And pouts .
Tedious , long-winded and not so much undead as almost entirely devoid of life .
This second bite is stale .
New Moon suffers from a mild case of second-chapter syndrome ; symptoms include the laborious establishing of conflicts , a general air of drift and pointlessness , and a cliffhanger ending . An unappealing formula , but oddly effective .
It is n't quite as enthralling or as soulful as the original but it still persuades you that such a far-fetched premise should be taken seriously - which is no mean feat .
Stewart and Pattinson 's chemistry still a potent force on screen , but this angst-ridden mush is best-suited to 13-year-old girls or those seeking hot flushes from all the bare-chested eye-candy .
Pseudo-religious nonsense , with fangs .
The special effects are much better and the film has a more epic feel . As chick-lit to chick flick movies go , New Moon does the business . Fans will love it .
It 's stronger on dream logic than plot ... yet knows its audience exactly : about 30 of its 130 minutes consist of slo-mo lingering on Pattinson 's preternatural jawline and Lautner 's preposterous abs .
If you loved the books and the first movie , ignore this review . If you did n't -- and do n't get what the fuss is all about -- New Moon is unlikely to change your mind .
Seu único atrativo dramático reside no fato da mocinha estar sempre prestes a ser destruída pelo mocinho . Mas isso não é o bastante ; se fosse , alguém já teria lançado um filme chamado A Lesma e o Potinho de Sal .
-LSB- Director Chris -RSB- Weitz seems to have taken the vampire thing a little too seriously -- his bland brand of Hollywood polish sucks the life out of the movie .
If this is the best the franchise can do creating wolves , I 'm not looking forward to what they do with a certain character central to the final Twilight story , Breaking Dawn .
`` New Moon '' is basically a 130-minute chick flick during which the three main protagonists spend a lot of time looking with cow eyes at each other 's faces .
Parental Content Review
Because Bella does a half-hearted attempt to understand Jacob 's lycanthropy compared to the half-assed job she did trying to comprehend Edward 's vampirism , it has less than half the intrigue of the first movie .
` New Moon ' is also a less pretentious movie than its predecessor . Writer Melissa Rosenberg , who wrote the screenplay for ` Twilight ' as well , has loosened up a bit ...
Being cast as Edward , the Hawtest Vampire of Them All , has , ironically , done Robert Pattinson no favors .
A triumph for Twilighters .
Like Twilight , New Moon is strictly for fans of the book % u2013 for the rest of us , it 's actually worse than the first film .
New Moon offers few of the juicy , go-for-broke romantic pleasures of its predecessor , and the movie is so badly shaped that it 's hard not to blame Weitz as a director .
Twihards will be OMG , OMG , OMG . The rest of us ? ROTFL .
Alone of all the earnest players in this turgidly euphemistic melodrama , Sheen seems to grasp that the only way you can keep a straight face through this choked-up virginity is to carry it way into camp .
The tension between Bella and Edward was the main appeal of the first Twilight , and is sadly missing here .
The big tease turns into the long goodbye in The Twilight Saga : New Moon .
If you fixate on funny things like plot and character -- in movies , anyway -- too bad .
This overlong adaptation of the Stephenie Meyer bestseller is notable for setting itself rules and then breaking them .
After a terrifically enjoyable start , the Twilight series is settling into a somewhat predictable groove , with its tragi-romantic motif of not having sex becoming a bit gimmicky and worn .
Twihards will appreciate director Chris Weitz 's faithfulness to the source text , even as he improves on it .
What a bloated , self-important , crashing bore !
Therefore little effort has been made to improve upon the first picture . As before , a lot of the acting is shonky , the production values are cheap , and the pacing rarely breaks out of a ponderous plod .
Lautner is a banal screen presence who is reduced to furrowing his brow to indicate his moodiness ; his pectoral muscles are more expressive than his face .
Like a teenage girl trying to adapt her diary into a one-woman show , Rosenberg has turned Stephenie Meyer 's work into something that thinks it 's Shakespeare but never resonates with an ounce of true emotion .
A lugubrious Harlequin romance with fangs and paws instead of bosoms and bodices .
Mopey , draggy , and absurdly self-important , the movie nonetheless twangs at some resonant affective chord .
... as Lautner 's stock rises , Pattinson 's falls .
Fans will quiver and sigh ; everyone else will shrug , and move on .
Will probably give fans what they 're looking for -- which is n't to say it 's great , only that it 's basically successful at achieving the not-very-lofty goals it sets for itself .
In the mood for two glossy hours of adolescent yearning and buff , shirtless dudes ? Then this movie is for you !
The irony in this movie about vampires is that the only thing doing any sucking is the movie itself .
Depressingly old-fashioned verging on misogynistic .
Uncritical celebration of that overwrought , obsessive passion that is the hallmark of immaturity , that subordinates all sense of one 's own identity and readily leaps to suicidal impulses and fantasies .
I ca n't comment on the acting because I did n't catch Pattinson , Stewart and Lautner doing any . They basically primp and pose through the same humdrum motions they did before .
New Moon comes dangerously close to self-parody on more than one occasion , but it seems blissfully unaware of this and soldiers on with a seriousness that 's unintentionally funny .
While the teasing cliffhanger of an ending is intended to make fans hungry for more , the truth is the franchise is already running on fumes . Fans may care , but casual viewers wo n't .
New Moon is n't good enough to seduce new fans , but it 's not bad enough to break off relentless infatuations .
Inept cinematography ? Oh , yes . Dark and moody is one thing , but this is so murky you have to squint to figure out what 's going on .
Weitz goes for an appealing , slightly old-fashioned look , one in which the near -
constant rain nicely mirrors Bella 's internal weather conditions .
The cinematic equivalent of a Jonas Brothers concert , The Twilight Saga : New Moon is slickly packaged entertainment that 's nonetheless predicated on a creepy vision of teenage sexuality that is desiccated of , well , sexuality .
Attempts by director Chris Weitz and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg to inject more humor and lighten the tone go horribly awry . -LRB- The supposedly `` serious '' dialogue is funnier than any of their pop-culture references and such . -RRB-
The movie gives the ` Twilight ' fans exactly what they want but does n't offer too much for the rest of us .
Yes , this is a very relative and qualified compliment , and yes , the snarksters will still find plenty to pick at , but this time around , even a complete demographic outsider like myself could at least vaguely comprehend the series ' basic appeal .
In spite of its wealth of conflict , New Moon suffers from a dearth of accompanying tension and excitement , thanks to the increasingly tedious relationship at its center .
New Moon indeed feels new , often in ways that are good for the series .
A long , melodramatic slog , hardly scary at all and missing the offbeat touches and disorienting passion that made the first so surprisingly enjoyable .
Even with a decent director at the helm , The Twilight Saga always will be hampered by Meyer 's juvenile prose
Vividly captures and conveys the intense yearning of a teenage girl and her desperate desire for the deep intimacy of love .
You almost feel sorry for those actors playing various off-the-hook monsters who , for the second movie in a row , have little to do except stand aside waiting for their few lines of dialogue .
It 's too long , it 's poorly acted , the story 's clunky and the dialogue is laughable .
It 's strictly for devotees who wo n't balk at plot absurdities , clunky dialogue and patchy characterizations . I suspect loyalists will be pleased , but I ca n't imagine anyone else wanting to jump into the tale here .
Weitz is more awkward than Hardwicke with the casual teenaged interactions . Melissa Rosenberg 's dialogue has n't improved , though she gets a boost by using quotes from Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet .
There 's little dramatic tension and , despite the fact that Bella is being stalked by the vengeful vampire Victoria -LRB- Rachelle Lefevre -RRB- , not much sense of danger .
This swoony adaptation of the second installment in Stephenie Meyer 's young-adult series is a potent stew of fairy tale and romance-novel fantasy .
New Moon , for at least an hour , is laughably silly and unfathomably dull .
The most surprising thing about New Moon , the second film in the Twilight series , is how much worse it is than the first .
Bella Cullen . Mrs. Edward Cullen . Mr. and Mrs. Edward Cullen . Ms. Bella Cullen . Mrs. Jacob Black . Jacob and Bella Black . Mrs. Bella Black . Ms. Bella Swan Black . Mrs. Bella Swan Cullen .
Extreme moping by hollow actors makes the film feel like it stars robots stuck on their 'Em o ' setting .
New director Chris Weitz injects more humor and visual style than Catherine Hardwicke did in the original , but The Twilight Saga : New Moon sags and lags like the first one as it senselessly runs on for more than two hours .
Even the appearance of Dakota Fanning as a red-eyed bloodsucker capable of inflicting intolerable pain on others falls flat : When one of the presiding vampires mutters `` Let 's be done with this , '' you ca n't help but agree .
Despite melodrama that , at times , is enough to induce diabetes , there 's enough wolf whistle in this sexy , scary romp to please anyone .
Kristen Stewart brings such raw vulnerability to the screen that she makes moping attractive .
... it fulfills the expectations of fans and followers of the franchise but nevertheless still falls short of forming something transcendent and meaningful to everyone else .
It may be some kind of catharsis for the target audience , but all others are warned to venture forth at their own risk
All three lovers are so joyless , it 's hard to imagine why any of them would want to spend eternity together .
Alexandre Desplat 's overwrought musical score will appeal to viewers who already agree that Bella and Edward 's love is glorious . Others wo n't be persuaded , no matter how much he insists .
Where the first film 's director , Catherine Hardwicke , plugged into Meyer 's vision of supernatural teenage lust with abandon , Chris Weitz is stuck with a sequel that 's a morning-after mope-fest .
Considering Lautner 's acting improved so much sans shirt , I wonder if there might have been Oscar buzz had he taken off his pants
Never has a man 's shirtlessness been so essential to a character 's development .
New Moon will undoubtedly be a blockbuster at the box office , but is really quite weak as a film .
Parents : If I can -LRB- poorly -RRB- discipline a 16-year-old cat to not howl before sunrise , you can teach your kids to not emulate Bella Swan .
There 's some hope that the series will improve over time , effectively righting every last Hardwicke wrong . This is not a quality film by any means , but it 's a step up , and that 's a relief .
The pop culture phenomenon that resembles Star Wars much as the Prime Minister of Belgium resembles the President of the United States -LRB- respective box office ranks of these two films in their respective decades : 71 , 1 -RRB- .
Weitz 's efforts result in a movie that 's a little less insular and self-involved , though in the end , still probably one only the true fans could love .
Wisely New Moon brings back screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg , who continues to prove she has a much better way with English than the author of the books , Stephenie Meyer .
Director Chris Weitz proves that The Golden Compass was no fluke : He really is a non-master of action .
Sexier , darker and funnier , New Moon rises well above the anemic 2008 film version of Stephenie Meyer 's Twilight .
The stakes are higher and the intensity deeper this time , despite a plot that approaches the ripest of melodrama - and which occasionally provokes unintended laughter , as does the terribly twee soundtrack .
The Twilight Saga : New Moon plays like a 130 minute trailer for a movie called The Twilight Saga : New Moon .
Weitz takes a looser approach than the series ' last director , Catherine Hardwicke , did . He has a better sense of humor , too .
Though an improvement over the first Twilight film , this sequel -LRB- both based on Stephenie Meyer 's best-selling books -RRB- drags and sputters , even in scenes meant to be infused with passion .
It 's slow and not particularly fulfilling -- a half-an-hour or so of drama stretched out for about two .
The Twilight Saga : New Moon takes the tepid achievement of Twilight , guts it , and leaves it for undead .
Enjoyable sequel to last year 's smash hit with a stronger plot and better performances , though it still suffers from the occasional dodgy moment and some amusingly rubbish special effects .
Incoming director Weitz is a smart choice for the material .
There 's a bit more meat on the bones of Meyer 's story and less meandering schmaltz , but -LSB- ... -RSB- it 's still a gruelling endurance test for anyone with a Y chromosome .
That flip tone -- the gags and one-liners -- get us past the longing , the depression , the sulking , the almost comically swooning moments .
This episode is as repetitive as the first , with endless scenes of kissus interruptus punctuated by moody indie-rock songs .
Constrained by the plot of the novel , the film keeps the two lovers apart for quite a spell , robbing the project of the crazy-in-love energy that made Twilight , the first entry in the series , such a guilty pleasure .
There is one thing to be said about the way Weitz handles time travel . He can make two hours and 10 minutes seem like a thousand years .
The actors appear at sea on more than one occasion , and some of Melissa Rosenberg 's risible dialogue does n't help them .
This second screen installment of Stephenie Meyer 's bestselling series focuses , somewhat convincingly , on the emotions of an 18-year-old coping with her undying love of the undead .
A juvenile , overly dramatic love story that takes the Romeo and Juliet theme , duct tapes it around a giant , cartoonish hammer , and slams it into your head for 130 minutes .
The screenplay feels padded and the different strands of the storyline do not mesh together seamlessly . Performances however , live up to expectations with Stewart and Pattinson exuding the magic that reminds us why we care so much about their relationship
For anyone on the outside looking in , the insulation of the characters from real danger makes it a bit of a drag .
Made primarily for the fans , New Moon is not better than Twilight , and it also suffers from a indulgent , overly long narative and a pretentious , gloomy mood -- the main attraction remains Kristen Stewart .
Watching Twilight Saga : New Moon is a bit like having your own real-life sulky teenager living under your roof ...
This is a film for the fans . Fans of the books . Fans of the first film . If you enjoyed that , you 'll enjoy this . If you did n't , you have no chance here . It 's a New Moon , not a new dawn .
Weitz brings a few more flickers of humour to the narrative , but the essential , appealing earnestness of the book remains , whole-heartedly embraced .
The first half is laboured and feels like a bridge for the third instalment , but there 's still plenty of cast chemistry and great set pieces .




@highlight

The Twilight Saga 's second installment may satisfy hardcore fans of the series , but outsiders are likely to be turned off by its slow pace , relentlessly downcast tone , and excessive length .