Ultimately saved by the strong performances , taut atmosphere , and awe inspiring animation ...
The picture is visually stark - at times imagining Fritz Lang had directed The Matrix - and isolated compositions , spiked with high contrast menace , are impressive in their artistic detail . However , the perfunctory plot is B-grade sci-fi .
The script 's fusion of B-movie crime cliches and dystopian futurism , if not exactly original , is nonetheless vigorously engaging , and the English-language voice cast is good enough to make the existential noodling seem like real dialogue .
Visually impressive sci-fi noir
The visuals of Christian Volckman 's film blow away just about everything else on the screen this year .
It is more Sin City -LRB- the graphic novel -RRB- than Sin City -LRB- the movie -RRB- ! Or at least on a purely visual level ...
It 's a testament to the production design that one quickly gets caught up in the story without ever completely losing the `` ooh-ahh '' factor . Ominous , wall-to-wall music bolsters the appropriately uneasy mood , and the bittersweet conclusion is satisfying .
Like most cyberpunk , this film has a stellar premise . However , also in the tradition of cyberpunk , its storytelling and presentation is as murky as its production design .
... suffers from an unpleasant and relentlessly distracting animation style that ultimately renders its few positive attributes moot .
There are no grey shadings in the film 's visual palette to match the characters ' more equivocal moralities , and the result is a dark , dark world occasionally exposed to the most harsh and unforgiving of lights .
The movie radiates a dark , eerie , mysterious , otherworldly quality , yet it is n't enough to sustain over an hour and an half of story .
Renaissance is a victory of style over substance and technology over art , but to score a real win , the filmmakers need to strike a better balance between the two .
The inky blacks and bright whites make for a really interesting , printed look that 's unique ...
The style does n't just overwhelm the substance , it makes it irrelevant .
Lacks a beating heart at its core . It 's all about its technical aspects and sense of cool , and that 's just not good enough .
Volckman and his collaborators have done a remarkable visual job that compares favourably with Sin City . The threatening nocturnal mood constantly amazes in a ` How did they do that ? ' sort of way .
While the story is not compelling , the style of the film is amazing .
Graphic novel nerds will find much to love . But too much of Renaissance is stylishly stupefying .
A pic of true craftsmanship that dazzles until it wears out its welcome and becomes a drag .
For its retro-futurist look alone , this outdated thriller set in 2054 Paris is worth seeing .
If someone rips a page out of Sin City , Blade Runner , V for Vendetta and every other futuristic degradation of politics and corporations and no one is around to hear it , what is there to listen to ?
If you have the time and densely plotted potboilers are your thing , it 's worth the trip .
Its dark images echo in the mind 's eye . And for that alone , it 's worth seeing .
It 's the novel side that fails , a convoluted , futuristic detective thriller .
An empty experience ; lots of shadow and noise , adding up to very little .
Even more soulless than Tron or The Black Cauldron , Renaissance seems less a vanguard advance than the rococo degeneration of an art movement for trippy nerds .
It 's unfortunate that it 's all in the service of a story as dull as it is complicated , though if you can make it to the end without drifting off , there is a small reward .
They may get points for style , but not for story , there is n't enough meat to the film to warrant the elaborate effort that went into animating it .
Less interesting for its story than for its look , with a camera that does things live-action movies ca n't .
The sophistication of Renaissance is all in its ultracool appearance , with little of interest beneath its glittering surface .
A by-the-numbers futuristic cop yarn as ordinary in its narrative as it 's remarkable for its technique ... as boring as most of its live-action siblings in the genre .
A worthy effort : close but no cigar .
Undone by a plot that is ridiculously hard to follow and hackneyed .
A comic book -- mint condition , double-bagged -- that leaves you impressed only with its pristine hollowness .
While the filmmakers were playing around on their computers , someone must have scrounged a couple of rotting old stories out of the rubbish and turned them into the film 's screenplay .
style instead of story , and even the style ultimately fails and starts to hurt your eyes .
This chiaroscuro thriller is more visually arresting than narratively convincing , and as the police procedural unfolds , what might have been a sly cautionary tale , a la this summer 's A Scanner Darkly , becomes merely procedural .
Renaissance is more than mere eye candy . It sneaks into deeper , darker places - a dream world of shadowy menace .
Visions of Blade Runner and 50s noir were clearly dancing in the head of the talented ... Volckman ...
The bold black lines are initially striking , but it does n't take long for Reniassance to just plain hurt your eyes .
There are a couple of bravura , action scenes that crackle with ingenuity and excitement , but all too often , Renaissance plods when it should sprint .
The audience has layers of plot twists to sift through , with no great reward at the end for the investment .
With its halfhearted script , stiff performances and overlong running time , this is the kind of movie that 's simultaneously dazzling to look at , and increasingly tough to sit through .
Renaissance is a dark joy to inhabit once you jettison the idea of a satisfying narrative .
Artistic as it undeniably is , the two-tone effect grows tedious fast . And since it 's coupled with a mystery story that 's humdrum from the start , boredom multiplies .
Set in Paris circa 2054 , the animated Renaissance deliberately meshes science fiction and film noir . Unfortunately , all it does with that provocative combination is remind the viewer that there have been better films made in both genres .
Renaissance 's failures as a boffo genre exercise pale next to its achievements as a piece of moving pop art .
The picture 's most fascinating aspect is its startling graphic detail . Despite their severely limited tonal palette , the filmmakers pull off some remarkably delicate effects . ... It 's a full , living world .
The voicework and the story try hard enough to get by , but Renaissance is really about its look . That part of the film is simply marvelous .
As awe-inspiring as director Christian Volckman 's futuristic imaginings can be , Renaissance squanders them on a story of exasperating banality .
a palette of extremes , rich black and shockingly bare white , making both a visual statement and a narrative one
You can marvel at how it was made , but at the end you 'll wonder why .
... one of a very few movies that I 'm inclined to say is one of the year 's best based on style alone .
The grim , dystopian world in this animated French film is the product of a computer technique that evokes the sharp , linear style of a graphic novel .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Volckman 's vision , however unrelentingly monochromatic , does just enough with ` motion capture ' to persuade you that it could tell substantive , even provocative grown-up stories .
No one will be talking about the movie 's banal plot , the trite dialogue , or any of the indistinguishable characters who offer a bleak futuristic vision of cinema that 's all style , no soul .
A gorgeous film ... but the complex story lacks originality and the writing lacks the punch to really make it stand out .
It might be hyperbole to call Renaissance unique , but it is very different from most films that open in theaters , and it 's worth going a few extra miles to seek out , especially if this is a genre that holds appeal .
It 's film noir , with too much noir for its own good .
Certainly one of the year 's more luscious releases , offering not just the sleekest car chase but the most romantic of rainstorms .
The rotoscope animation is visually stunning but the story is just a straightforward sci-fi thriller with good guys , bad guys ... and a corporate-controlled world .
The superfluous story is so muddled that it becomes a pesky distraction from the proceedings ' graphical virtuosity .
Good enough to sit there and watch without paying any attention to the story .
Novelty does n't compensate for obscurity in the storytelling but I fully appreciated it for its audacity and intrigue .
A lot of hard work went into Renaissance , but that 's not enough .
With this extraordinary film , director Christian Volckman wanted to `` bring together the cinematographic obsessions of the silent era % u2026 all welded onto a sci fi thriller tale and produced using motion capture % u2013 and you have one eye popping , evo
One of the year 's most exciting sci-fi stories .
The film jumps cheerfully into every hard-boiled movie cliché like a child splashing into puddles .
The feature is over-extended at its current length , but its look and style are intriguing ; it is maintained with energy and panache -- and its self-belief is impressive .
Just like Pixar 's latest , the good looks are let down by a weak plot .
The animation is gorgeous but makes the characters feel cold , and the plot is perhaps too labyrinthine even for this twisty genre . An interesting and gloriously designed effort rather than a must-see .
Gratifyingly downbeat and far more coherent than the Japanese anime movies to which it also owes a debt , Renaissance intelligently explores the ethical complexities of genetic manipulation .
Looks fascinating but never quite springs to life .




@highlight

Renaissance attempts to blend sci-fi wonder with stark noir animation , but is often more fun to look at than to watch .