Wayne Kramer 's latest film is a hard-hitting , visceral , over-the-top extravaganza of blood and bullets that does n't let up for one second .
The action throughout Running Scared is involving and fast-paced enough that you do n't notice the number of cliches being invoked in this film .
Running Scared exists in that world of movies where there are no good guys - just bad guys , worse guys and worst guys .
A well-acted piece that should appeal to anyone who enjoys the films of Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez .
An example of a film I recommend just because it tickled my undercarriage .
With audiences jaded by the usual sex and splatter , do the filmmakers have no qualms about juicing up proceedings with edgy but troubling material which clearly needs more conscientious handling ? Apparently not .
A montagem eficiente , com transições intrigantes , confere ritmo ao filme , que também se beneficia com a atuação surpreendentemente intensa de Walker . Pena que o roteiro seja tão implausível e o final , tão absurdamente ridículo .
There 's something films like this reflect in our nature ... that we seem to delight in propped up monsters that give the protagonist an excuse to behave like one .
Stylish , rollicking post-Tarantino trash which does the business at such a pace you barely notice its preposterousness .
You suspect you 're in for a violent film when it opens with several balaclava-faced men in black bursting in on a group of thugs whose conversation is limited to constructions around the words ****** or whore . With `` Running Scared '' your suspicions would
Ultimately , it is a serviceable , well-made thriller that earns its R rating .
This is a vile , violent film with no raison d'etre .
Presumably patterned after Robert Rodriguez 's Sin City , but substantially more graphic , there is surely an audience for this empty brutality , but you would not want to know anyone to whom this picture appeals .
No one in their right minds could call this a good film , but it 's certainly unique .
We have n't even mentioned the hockey puck torture scene , or the relentless ricochetting camerawork , or the multiple last minute switcheroos -- it 's got more endings than Lord Of The Rings .
If you love over-stylized gunshots and action sequences , Running Scared is likely to be one big ol' kinetic romp of bloody fun that 'll have you pulling out the Kleenex and appreciating all over the place .
If you 've ever wanted to see Paul Walker get repeatedly smashed in the teeth with a hockey puck then this is the movie for you .
The film 's moral compass swings wildly out of control , blanketed in all manner of hyper-violent digital gore effects and a thick , black nausea of the soul . It 's not even fun watching the monsters get their just deserts ; it 's just depressing .
Where Running Scared is concerned I 'm a victim who has decided , maybe unwisely , not to press charges .
Trying for a Tarantino-like riff on ultra-violence and over-the-top police corruption ... ` Running Scared ' is a film noir on steroids .
The movie does n't so much wallow in the abhorrent side of humanity as it showers , bathes , and dresses in it before heading off to work at MTV .
Style overpowers substance in ` Running Scared , ' but Paul Walker surprised me with his intense performance .
Run away ... Just when you think Hollywood ca n't get any worse in an era of Bad Boys and Scream , it constantly surprises you with even more putrid product .
Clumsily overwritten , straining badly to be a complex thriller but only generating small moments of believability .
Wildly stylized and endlessly inventive , Running Scared does n't go over the top -- it blows the top off and proceeds to dance in the rubble .
The end result of all these cross-mob confrontations is an orgy of nihilistic violence that is curiously exhilarating , I am almost ashamed to say .
If Running Scared is supposed to be a satire , it 's not funny enough to work . If it 's meant to be taken seriously , then it 's the most unintentionally funny movie of the past ten years .
It says something when the most sympathetic character is a kid who shoots his dad with a stolen pistol .
Not since ` Very Bad Things ' have I had this much fun with this kind of movie
Appallingly gross , filled with forced profanity , and atrociously edited .
Running Scared is filled with plenty of blood-splattering violence , profanity , sexual perversions , and whatever other deviant behavior you can think of . What it does n't have is any cohesiveness or finesse .
It 's a current ultraviolent take on fairy tale malaise - a kid 's story told by a psychopath .
Running Scared does n't always work . All the same , it keeps up a nice pacing and throws in enough clever twists to keep the story interesting .
It 's ugly and it 's vile and it 's disgusting and it 's creepy and it just got tiresome .
Creative risks pay off big in ` Running Scared . ' They give the film a refreshingly different feel .
Paul Walker 's excellent tough-guy adventure begins with the proverbial bang .
The action movie is the cheese sandwich of film genres , but efforts like ` Running Scared ' remind us all too rarely that they do n't have to be Kraft Singles on Wonder Bread .
A film with ADD .
an over-the-top thrill ride that seems to have been cobbled from the stylistic excesses of Guy Ritchie , the flip violence of Tarantino and the story outline of Scorcese 's After Hours
Hello , cheesy fun ! -LSB- It 's -RSB- a roller coaster of a thrill ride .
More like ` Running with Scissors . ' A terrible , awful , hilarious misfire . Folks , a new camp classic is born .
This film is so over the top at times that it takes one 's breath away .
Running Scared keeps ratcheting up the intensity , but to what end ?
Ethnic stereotyping , moral qualms and plot improbabilities aside , you just wish a movie like Running Scared was n't so anxious to be exciting all the time : It gets so monotonous .
The only things more abundant than gunshot-riddled corpses are the ridiculous plot twists and the laughably bad lines of dialog ... it 's likely to be the most fun at a bad movie you 'll have for a while .
The clunky happily-ever-after ending is a bit too nicey-nice but with all of the wall-to-wall action , ultra-violent gunplay and over-the-top writing it is an amusing ride .
May be the first original screenplay that unfolds in a setting so grim , despairing and yet slightly hallucinatory that it could 've been adapted from Grand Theft Auto .
There 's clearly supposed to be tension between Joey 's good and bad sides . Sure , he 's a mobster , but he 's also a family man , which makes him ... gray . -LRB- Not black and white = very sophisticated . -RRB-
-LSB- Director Wayne -RSB- Kramer , who showed such promise as a filmmaker with The Cooler , takes a couple of giant steps backward with Running Scared .
In the opening minutes of Running Scared , a drug deal goes bad and takes the entire movie with it .
It 's way too violent and perversely excessive for many tastes , but there 's more to its outrages than meets the eye , and that second look is well worth taking .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- generic pulp with some serious plot holes and more crane shots than any film needs .
There is a child at the center of this ultraviolent story , and the devices used to keep us on tenterhooks regarding his survival are appallingly manipulative .
Let me be clear . I 'm not saying I liked Running Scared from the get-go or for all the way through , start to finish , but I did like it all the same .
A ferociously energetic piece of filmmaking , Running Scared makes the seedy Vegas milieu of writer-director Wayne KramerWayne Kramer 's first feature , The Cooler , look as tasteful as The Sound of Music .
Running Scared is for people who like movies , who do n't need to have a movie mean something in order to enjoy it and who can delight at the sheer craft of a story designed only to shock , amuse and hold an audience .
For a moment , it appears as if Running Scared has developed into a different , better movie . But subsequent gratuitously violent scenes hint at a determination by Kramer to keep his film at low-grade exploitation level .
It 's hard to believe that this mess was made by the same man who made The Cooler .
I chuckled along with the audience at every garish twist -LRB- at least for the first 60 of the the movie 's 120 minutes -RRB- , yet even as Dali-esque nightmare , the movie eventually became off-putting .
The film is comically profane , hyperviolent and studded with perverse details .
It 's borderline irresponsible , a virtual horror movie of a gangster thriller .
It 's ridiculous , over-the-top and as allegorical as The Warriors , in its own twisted way , only far more convoluted and darkly funny . And it 's probably the year 's first action movie spurred by actual , provocative ideas .
Kramer seems to be aping Quentin Tarantino 's brilliant tangents in Pulp Fiction , but he does n't have Tarantino 's imagination or gift for dialogue .
This overlong fantasy of urban violence is so far over the top -- you might as well be watching a computer monitor while somebody else has a high time playing the video game Grand Theft Auto .
Running Scared is a vicious and brutal B-movie jacked up to hysterical , hallucinatory proportions -- a pulpy , violent action picture that torments the viewer as much as its characters , and I mean that as a compliment .
With a herky-jerky visual style and a plot riddled with bullet holes , Running Scared is a brutal , misanthropic and downright nasty excuse for bang-bang entertainment .
As the movie becomes more howlingly ludicrous by the second , it 's tempting -- and not in a cynical way , either -- to start reading it as a parody of pornographic video game violence .
-LSB- Writer/director Wayne -RSB- Kramer has discovered a new apogee of awfulness with this utterly obscene movie , which makes no bones about its own idiocy ...
Kramer 's grating bombast exists only to call attention to itself as well as the complete absence of any moral implications or recognizable human behavior in the film .
The script is so stupid that at times you 'll want to roll your eyes in the dark ; you wo n't , though , because you might miss some of the action .
But even beyond its sleazy pandering and sensationalism , the film 's worst transgression is its exploitation of young children .
It drags on and on and on and on ... and on . We never thought we 'd ever say this , but Paul Walker deserves better .
An exhilarating bloodbath of a film , Running Scared may not be perfect , but it 's got adrenaline , wild eyes and sleaze to spare .
... an abhorrently exploitative exercise in child endangerment .
You could laugh off the film 's more over-the-top aspects -- including the performances and its quasi-Quentin Tarantino dialogue -- if it did n't treat women and children with such brutality and contempt .
Running Scared is not only toxic but irresponsible in the way it exposes young characters to a steady barrage of sleaze and violence .
Running Scared is about as hard an `` R '' rating as you can get , with buckets of blood , full - frontal nudity and swearing that would peel gum from the sidewalk .
Running Scared will be reviled by those who deplore violence and adored by those who like their movies brutally edgy .
Running Scared will probably play best in prisons , where lowlifes , applauding the heroic amounts of foul language and blood , will be heartened to know that society has finally stooped to their level .
A depressing piece of gun-crazy Hollywood scuzz that , with its gassy style and runaway immorality , makes a Tony Scott movie look like a Robert Bresson picture .
Too bloated with its own seriousness to achieve the ` so sick , it 's funny ' vibe of Kiss Kiss Bang Bang .
Includes scenes that are laughable -LSB- gunfight in a 10x10 room -RSB- and one that features Vera Farmiga that will go down in history as a classic/fan favorite .
For a picture so fetishistically obsessed with death , Running Scared is vibrantly alive .
Impossible to adequately summarize , alienating at every tonal turn , off the rails with every storytelling and aesthetic choice , Running Scared is ambitious to a fault .
Filmmaking for people who find the films of Guy Ritchie too understated and wish Natural Born Killers were n't so slow-paced and minimalist .
Running Scared is an overly ambitious guilty pleasure with enough action and violence to keep you interested , it just does n't have much else .
This is a movie with yards and yards of plot , but none of it that makes much sense nor that you 'll think about afterwards . Instead what you 'll remember is the blood .
races along the thin line between tense thriller and overheated , campy exploitation flick .
Running Scared does n't go over the top - it refuses to even acknowledge that there is a top . . it 's like if Tarantino directed The Warriors
Tthe gimmicks ca n't hold up a weak , implausible plot that substitutes violence and gore for a smart story and believable characters .
If Quentin Tarantino and David Fincher shared a brain , developed a fever , then read ` Hansel and Gretel ' and ` Oliver Twist ' before falling asleep , they might dream of something like Running Scared .
I see Running Scared as a slick , sick , and sly satire of all the action flick conventions , but maybe I 'm just nuts .
I wonder if Peter Hyams can sue these people .
Those of you hoping for a remake of the delightful Billy Crystal/Gregory Hines buddy comedy are in for something very different with this Running Scared . Ultra-violent and hardcore , it 's a worthwhile ride even though it does n't all work .
I ca n't believe I am saying this , but Paul Walker does n't stink in Running Scared . In fact , Running Scared is a decent guys night out movie .
A flat-out atrocity of storytelling design that requires a thorough shower after viewing .
A vile disaster .
Paul Walker is the principal actor . Need we say more ?
Kramer stokes kinetic energy and hard-R intensity ... may amount to no more than a punch to the gut , but ... it 's all in bad fun .
Could have been a good exploitation flick if it did n't get carried away with piling on the plot twists .
It 's lower on the food chain than a mere exploitation picture because it clings so desperately to the notion that it 's a serious movie about violence ; it does n't even have enough integrity to serve up cheap , sick thrills for their own sake .
genuinely clunky
Writer/director Wayne Kramer 's approach to storytelling is to withhold any information that might give away the plot . The film is a string of violent confrontations between characters whose relationships to each other are unclear .
A potential howler done in by a tendency to wear too much body tissue on its sleeve .
In the gleefully violent Running Scared , the writer and director Wayne Kramer tries to go over the rainbow and put a self-consciously bloody spin on once upon a time .
With a complex plot that unspools with surprising clarity , Running Scared displays a reckless intensity .
The hallucinatory crime thriller Running Scared , written and directed by Wayne Kramer , is pretty awful .
Running Scared goes so far over the top , it circumnavigates the top and doubles back on itself ; it 's the Mobius Strip of over-the-topness . I am in awe .
Everything feels begged , borrowed and stolen from other better movies , from Quentin Tarantino 's exclamation-point violence to the slo-mo bullet trajectory shots from The Matrix .
If Running Scared sometimes looks like a storyboard sprung violently to life , Kramer 's assured direction turns that into its greatest strength in the clinches , of which there are plenty .
It 's like a gruesome merry-go-round filled with unpleasant characters and bad acting .
Luciano Pavarotti 's eyebrows during the Olympic opening ceremonies were disturbing . Multiply that by about 1,000 , and you have the creep-out factor in the gory Running Scared .
If it 's possible to admire his movie 's heedless energy , it 's also possible to hate its guts .
This is the kind of movie where character development consists of a guy mentioning in passing he has a meth lab in his back yard .
If Running Scared were set in Hell -LRB- the actual place , rather than a figure of speech -RRB- , perhaps it would have been easier to swallow .
Running Scared is decently acted and divertingly brutal , but it 's also a giant step backward for its maker .
A spinning-plates movie that only makes a shattered-glass mess in its finale with one twist for each character left standing . Otherwise , this empty-calorie eye-candy cartoon is an ultraviolent , boot-on-throat thiller with style and humor .
Even though Running Scared does n't quite nail it , it does hit the target for absurdist originality and pure cinematic delirium .
By the time this Malice in Wonderland reaches an inevitable crescendo , it 's enough to make one want to hurry home and soak in a vat of Purell .
A giddily awful , awfully giddy action noir .
A frighteningly garish , over-directed mess ... technically so fast and furious -- to use a phrase its star will be familiar with -- that it 's the visual equivalent of an assault .
The aesthetically derivative Kramer takes a misguided turn into Tony Scott territory with his latest .
A kinetic guilty pleasure .
The filmmaker whose work this most resembles is Guy Ritchie , except that Kramer actually seems to be taking himself seriously
An unapologetic in-your-face thriller that 's sure to take those who are expecting a typical Paul Walker movie by surprise .






@highlight

This film runs with frenetic energy punctuated by gratuitous violence but sorely lacks in plot , character development and stylistic flair .