I really wish the cinema just would have accidentally shown the far superior Face/Off
Sure , there is a fair bit of violence . And yes , it might seem needlessly gratuitous at times but you can let that slip as you 've probably not seen Costner in this challenging a role -LRB- for him at least -RRB- in quite a while .
The really depressing thing is that good actors such as Gary Oldman and Tommy Lee Jones are involved in this tosh .
There is no reason to ever see this movie .
Criminal can get rather one-note , but Costner and the other stellar cast , including Reynolds , deliver fine performances that elevate the material .
There is a lot to enjoy in Criminal ; enough , in fact , for it to remind us that such guilty pleasures should n't be thought of as crimes against humanity .
Criminal is the answer to a question no one asked : `` What if someone took the basic plot of Face/Off and made a dour espionage thriller out of it ? ''
All the capable techniques in the world ca n't gussy up the empty morality at its core .
Costner playing against type is certainly the most entertaining he 's been in years ; it 's just too bad the movie surrounding him is utter garbage .
The good thing about it is Kevin Costner 's trying to dignify his role . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not even Kevin Costner , Tommy Lee Jones or a loud Oldman can save this movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As a movie , there 's plenty here to respect . As entertainment , however , this is tough one to enjoy , all of which makes Criminal a vexing spectacle that 's hard to watch all the way through to its end .
For a movie that hinges on a soulless man developing feelings , Criminal is noticeably lacking any of its own .
The cast and the fact that it 's mildly entertaining is what saved this from being a total failure . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very complicated movie for a plot that is n't that interesting to begin with . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's Costner 's performance that saves this poorly written movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Criminal is kind of a mess , alternately dumb and dull .
To a certain extent it does work , at times being both mildly thrilling and outlandish , but is never enough of one or the other to really stick .
Trying to explain what happens in CRIMINAL is bad enough -- you run up against all the things that make no sense -- but then there 's the clumsy , jumbled , thoughtless way it 's all put together .
It is ironic that Criminal - which features a maverick neuroscientist character and spins its nutty story around a pioneering brain operation - should prove to be such a brainless genre exercise .
The real mistery here is how such a talented cast accepted to appear in such a terrible movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In Criminal , Luc Besson manages to bring back Kevin Costner and turn him into the action hero he was born to be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Costner , Jones and Oldman give performances that bring the spirit of the genre back to it 's roots , somethign modern films seem to have forgotten . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Executed with a retro , gung-ho , deadpan panache , our leading man grunting and groaning like Liam Neeson caught in a bind , Criminal is a throwback to the crème de la crème of '90s action movies .
It 's lazy , corrupt and sleazy filmmaking , the kind of film that 's killing the business .
We can but pray that scientists invent a procedure to remove the memory of ever watching this film in the first place .
allows us to experience with giddy vicariousness a brutal psychopath wreaking havoc on bad guys for all the right reasons
An all-star cast and an intriguing premise are wasted in a flawed thriller that offers one unbelievable plot twist after another .
Costner , in full badass mode , makes this crackpot premise work .
Almost criminally entertaining , this preposterous thriller mixes buckets of humour and emotion into the violent , twisty action .
The movie is a little more fun than it has any right to be , thanks to its super-serious cast -LRB- including Tommy Lee Jones , Ryan Reynolds , Gary Oldman , and Gal Gadot -RRB- and the straight-faced approach to its ridiculous shenanigans .
`` Criminal '' Great B-Movie Fun .
The script by Douglas Cook and David Weisberg becomes more preposterous by the minute , but entertainingly so , and director Ariel Vroman has a high-pedigree cast ... to escort us through all the over-the-top whoppers .
Hidden inside this by-the-numbers espionage thriller is a much weirder , Freaky Friday-esque , science fiction-style character study .
The film has some good action sequences , but the plot is weirdly convoluted and it 's hard to forgive the misuse of so many great actors .
The phrase `` millionaire anarchist '' should be a clue as to what the story is about - mainly , a sloppy and forgettable mix of equal parts contrivance and loophole .
It feels like an action thriller straight out of the '90s . And for the most part , its stars of yesteryear deliver the goods .
In any other universe , Jerico 's story would be ludicrous .
Criminal is a perfectly passable thriller , if you 're cool with no one here passing as an actual human being .
Criminal is n't a very good to begin with . It also wastes a solid cast .
All the ingredients are there for a pleasant pander to grumpy old white men : the craggy actors , the foreign bad guys wielding confusing technology , the kindness of beautiful young women , and the nobility of sacrifice .
-LSB- Criminal -RSB- turns its already senseless premise into a run-of-the mill actioner that lacks the necessary drive and originality to make any sort of impact .
Boasting as legitimately bananas a premise as one can easily recall , Criminal manages to overcome a few minor deficiencies to become a seriously engaging little action flick ...
The movie itself grows and develops a conscience and changes along with its main character , which is an amazing idea .
If you can accept the far-fetched premise at hand there is a fun performance from Kevin Costner that makes Criminal tick as well as it does .
Besides Kevin Costner 's absurd antics , Criminal is nothing more than a forgettable thriller that consistently rolls itself into a tangled burrito of ungodly atrocities .
... formulaic blend of espionage thriller and cut-rate sci-fi . The usually sympathetic Costner 's image makeover is about as believable as his ratty toupees ... At once noisy and soporific .
The performances of Kevin Costner and Gal Gadot make this a movie worth seeing .
At least Costner seems to be having fun , particularly as his psycho 's newly implanted memories start making him more human . The film as a whole has no sense of its own stupidity , however , making it hard to go along for the ride .
The self-serious tone and absurd plotting is , frankly , criminal .
Rarely in the field of crummy , nonsensical thrillers can so much talent have been squandered on such complete tosh .
-LSB- A -RSB- fantastically stupid thriller ...
Criminal is an action-thriller with a science fiction twist . To the extent that its purpose is to energize and involve an audience , it succeeds .
When it 's all said and done , Criminal is a technically well shot movie with some interesting ideas behind it , but the execution is so bland and messy that nothing ever truly works .
The science is as flimsy as the script in this far-fetched thriller that fails to generate much suspense while squandering a top-notch cast .
As if Criminal 's basic plot were n't enough of a stretch , writers Douglas Cook and David Weisberg compound it with a boggling array of subplots .
What definitely does n't redeem Criminal is when antisocial killer Jericho becomes the protector of Billy 's widow -LRB- Gal Gadot -RRB- and daughter -LRB- Lara Decaro -RRB- , which leads to a sappy ending that is predictable and ridiculous .
Criminal recalls the kinds of action movies made in the '90s , and not in a good way .
Director Ariel Vroman plays it all dismayingly straight , to the point of dour .
Criminal is a thriller that offers a familiar relentless high-octane chase through scenic London with a decidedly unfamiliar sci-fi premise . So despite familiar tropes , Criminal manages to seem fresh .
It 's an intriguing idea , but deadened here by inertia and desperation , with the screenplay eventually reduced to threatening a child to inspire horror .
Criminal is intermittently entertaining , but when you squander a cast like this and a cool sci-fi premise , intermittent entertainment equals overall disappointment .
It 's too bad it does n't work better than it does , especially considering the talent involved . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
We believe in you , Kevin , but maybe stick to Westerns for your late-career comeback .
If you can accept the premise , which I was able to do , this is a tense sci-fi chase thriller with a fine cast , exceptional cinematography , and good pace .
Despite a fun performance from Kevin Costner , Criminal is a half-baked action/thriller that fails to properly explore its sci-fi premise .
A novel enough spin on the brain switch theme to recommend , provided you 're very willing to suspend disbelief and you 've got a strong stomach for senseless gore .
Kevin Costner 's haircut is the worst in movie history and that 's criminal . Guilty pleasure for those liking the genre .
Orange is the new black for Kevin Costner in Ariel Vroman 's crazy sci-fi espionage actioner , a star vehicle that fast and furiously leaps from action set piece to action set piece in an obvious effort to avoid the giant plot holes imperiling the story .
Ryan Reynolds should be very thankful he got to bow out early in the movie .
The last straw has Costner 's character simulating Pope 's sign of love for Jill by tapping the end of his nose . A better gesture would have been Jerico holding each side of his nostrils with thumb and forefinger .
It 's wanton , low-down entertainment without the flair to pull this stuff off , or the neural stem cells to make wit or logic much of a priority .
Neither scriptwriters Douglas Cook and David Weisberg nor Vromen in the director 's chair are subtle enough to figure out how to do both action and character .
Egregiously silly , generic ...
So much wasted talent . Downright Criminal , it is .
You half expect Steve Martin 's Dr. Michael Hfuhruhurr to heave into view instead of the relentless CIA agents and remorseless baddies ... -LSB- but -RSB- the admirably straight-faced Costner keeps us watching right to the far-fetched finale .
Kevin Costner gets downright nasty in Criminal , a quasi sci-fi action thriller with a big name cast and straight-to-video execution .
One surefire way to ruin a bad movie is to make it an overly complicated bad movie .
Every beat of -LSB- Kevin Costner 's -RSB- performance works . It 's just a shame that nothing else about this movie is as original or interesting .
Seems part of his brain is missing , waiting to be filled . They might as well named his character Tabula Rasa .
In short , Criminal is criminal .
Someday you 'll catch it on cable and think , ` Hey , this is n't bad ! '
An identity crisis is at the heart of this peppy , enjoyably impish thriller that 's anchored by Kevin Costner as convicted sociopath Jericho .
The title stands alone as a noun , but it could be deployed as an adjective , before ` waste of money ' , ` waste of time ' , or ` waste of talent ' .
Half science-fiction tale , half espionage thriller , it 's a pleasantly far-fetched endeavor that moves along so briskly that it leaves no time to consider its implausibilities , which are many .
It 's best not to think about this preposterous story too hard . Just ride it to its even more preposterous climax , enjoying Mr. Costner and a steady supporting cast -LRB- Gary Oldman as the C.I.A. honcho ; Gal Gadot as Bill 's wife -RRB- along the way .
A violent Kevin Costner B-movie .
Perhaps the least believable aspect of Criminal - and there are many contenders - is that Bill 's widow finds herself falling for Costner 's character ... the way this film chooses to include it is - hey , now I know why they picked that title .
Costner carries it off with a certain growly-voiced deadpan . Like Liam Neeson , he could get a late-career boost in the action genre . But the extreme ridiculousness of everything lets it down , and the violence is deeply misjudged .
The pace plods along , always on the verge of an action set piece but never quite delivering .
Criminal is only marginally more fun than a mugging .
While Criminal had a lot going for it , it simply fails to execute anything it tries to do to a competent degree .
Criminal is a screwed-up mess as a story and as an action movie with a so-called moral lesson in it . In fact , the more I think about it , the less I like it .
With its European locations , electro-thump score , and near-ceaseless violence , the movie plays like something tooled in French producer-scripter Luc Besson 's factory for international action mashups .
The result is an American movie dressed up in British clothes that simply do n't fit .
Kevin , why do n't they just let you be bad as you want to be ?
Given the lurid , stupid , loony and unintentionally laughable nature of this espionage thriller , I found some measure of entertainment studying the vastly different approaches taken by Costner , Jones and Oldman .
The story and its characters completely lack dimension , the action is stale , and Criminal lumbers from one lame development to the next
A cornball thriller that squanders a cast of Oscar-caliber filmmakers and sets back the science of stem-cell research a whole millennium .
Guns , gore and good actors shoehorned into one-note parts .
Criminal 's story moves like a fat cow .
-LSB- An -RSB- astronomically silly script , which one can even imagine Luc Besson turning down as ludicrous ... It 's so bad , it 's ` Criminal . '
Like its brain-damaged protagonist , `` Criminal '' just shouts and shoots its way into , not out of , an oblivion of illogic , plot holes and emotionally unengaging scenery-chewing .
You may never believe one minute of `` Criminal , '' but Costner sure does .
Whatever weirdo movie Costner thinks he 's in is far more interesting than what 's usually onscreen , or whatever else is clogging multiplexes .
Perhaps it 's almost too perfect that the movie should suffer from a personality conflict of its own ; too bad that it 's the uninspired direction and not the demented pulpiness that dominates in the end .
`` Criminal '' depicts a compelling situation , made rich and entertaining through its extreme characters .
`` Criminal '' is as by-the-numbers as thrillers come . But a payday is a payday , I guess . Bank those bucks , people , and go on to something better .
`` Criminal '' is the kind of dunderheaded enterprise that leaves viewers reeling from the idiocies they have just endured , wondering how something like that could possibly get made in the first place .
After a fairly tense opening featuring Reynolds , the movie gets bogged down in an incoherent terrorism plot , along with absurdly sappy scenes of Jericho discovering human emotions .
So-so pulp , elevated by Costner as a feral felon .
The biggest crime that Criminal commits is wasting an A + cast on a D + production .
It 's all handled competently enough , but Costner deserves a better script for his gruffly witty performance .
Just too darn busy and crazily ambitious for its own good .
The first and third acts are efficient extended chases , but there 's an hour in the middle that 's just Costner wandering around London grimacing and bleeding from various wounds . Or at least it felt that way .
Memory transplant turns hardened criminal into secret agent in a sloppy action vehicle for Kevin Costner .
There were many opportunities to make this a more cerebral film about politics , or one that ran on pure adrenalin , but they were not taken . Leaving us with a flick that 's strictly for fans of neurology and/or of speculative fiction .
It 's like the movie was written in crayon , in the margins of a comic book .
Criminal 's absence of style , the lack of relish the filmmakers take in the material 's inherent ludicrousness , is a failure of conviction .
Ryan Reynolds is on his knees right this very moment thanking Marvel and `` Deadpool '' for saving him from dogs like this .
`` With his limbs lashing out and his snarling mouth firing off F-bombs , Costner clearly relishes playing a badass , which makes Jericho 's mayhem feel like an illicit pleasure . ''
Even if you 've allowed yourself to hope that the redoubtable actors might tilt the proceedings in a positive direction , almost every choice made by director Ariel Vromen ... sends Criminal spiraling toward overwrought silliness .
Criminal has an over elaborate , complex narrative which quite simply does n't work , and if you were to survey it with a fine-tooth comb , there are countless flaws and holes within the story to scrutinise over .
Nothing short of an unmitigated disaster .
The fact that it 's all played completely straight only makes it funnier .
An awkward memory-transplant thriller which could have done with its own intelligence graft ...
Struggling to generate much tension , the film opts for sensory battery in the action scenes , rendering gunshots as loud as cannon fire and splashing blood every which way .

@highlight

Despite the valiant efforts of a game and talented cast , Criminal has little to offer beyond the bare minimum expected by the most undemanding of genre enthusiasts .