The collage effect recalls Ken Burns ' documentaries for PBS , particularly since Wolf also occasionally inserts still photographs towards which he zooms in slowly in order to approximate movement .
The documentary 's enjoyable to watch , and refreshingly not tongue-in-cheek . There 's a toughness at its core that gives it great value .
This movie does have interesting snippets of history about people on society 's fringes , especially people who were way ahead of their time in terms of youth culture , but if you want a better overview of this issue , you will have to read the book .
Arty yet superficial treatment of provocative subject matter ...
Insightful docu traces historical evolution of adolescence .
Filmmaker Matt Wolf 's Teenage tracks the origins of modern youth culture through the early 20th Century , to intriguing but inconclusive results
More well-crafted experience than historical chronicle , Teenage is an illustrative portrait of adolescence from the attempted point-of-view of those who first made sense of it
It 's a terrific distraction , but it ultimately leaves you unfulfilled .
A roughly chronological jumble of archival footage , unconvincing period reenactments , gauzy voice-overs , and half-baked ideas that makes one yearn for the stolid dullness of a History Channel documentary .
Deftly weaves together various media in a way that breathes its own youthful , stream-of-conscious life into the documentary genre .
`` Teenage '' does what a good documentary should : educate and entertain .
Granted , the film 's title is taken from Savage 's book , but for a documentary which concludes that the teenager is all about the future , it spends too much of its time covering WWII . `` Teenage '' is a niche historical document .
There 's no `` there '' there in `` Teenage , '' a meandering mess of a documentary that has the feel of a bloated , inchoate term paper .
Has moments that are quite intriguing , but , like a teenager , it ca n't seem to decide what it wants to be when it grows up .
If by the end , a clear definition of the teenager has n't emerged , that 's cool . Teenagers do n't know what they are either .
Both informative and entertaining -LSB- though -RSB- less a straightforward cinematic argument than a dreamlike , multilevel evocation .
We were expecting a light-hearted , fact-filled look at the phenomenon of the `` youth market '' Western pop culture , but Matt Wolf 's documentary is much more than that .
Wolf 's sympathy for youth movements compensates for the distraction of the new scenes , and the fascinating old footage seals the deal .
A stereotypical response to Teenage from today 's attention span-deprived youth would be , `` Ugh , whatever . '' They 'd be right .
If Teenage delivers a sweeping generalization or two -LRB- or three -RRB- ... Wolf 's documentary makes up for it with footage that 's just too good to be ignored .
It 's an unusual experience -- I kept waiting for what felt like an extended prologue to end and the movie to start -- but once it settles in , you 're off on a cultural time-trip without a guide or a net .
The archival footage is mesmerizing stuff , articulately edited by Joe Beshenkovsky .
Wolf reveals himself to be a gifted and intuitive filmmaker , able to make academic connections that are still true to the depth of feeling attached to teenagedom -- of living very seriously , except when absolutely not .
Director Matt Wolf uses startling archival footage to capture the rise of pre-Elvis youth culture as the defining surge of the 20th century .
Wolf 's film is still admirable , and aided by a pretty spot on score by Deerhunter frontman Bradford Cox , Teenage feels both present and past .
As Wolf traces youth culture from 1904 through the atomic blasts ending World War II - from factory drudges to sacrificed soldiers - he gives form to a ghost in the machine of the modern nation .
While it 's heavy on the archival footage , it 's very accessible , cleverly constructed and even quite entertaining .
What makes Teenage truly special is the way it tells its story through the voices of the young .
Though it has interesting passages , overall Teenage feels like a trailer for the yet-to-be-completed main feature .
It botches itself out of its own epic ambitions , an aesthetic slickness that seems to contradict , if not betray , its subject matter , and a maddeningly subdued critical spirit .
It settles for interesting when it might have been insightful .
Presentation is key and the use of a shifting gallery of eternal youths , dryly recited by people well outside of their teens , combined with the score and bygone images , create a haunting , ghostlike quality .
Despite its polemical weakness , Teenage is an enveloping experience , a reminder of history 's power in shaping what appear to be cultural constants .
A creative , daring , and enlightening documentary about the twists and turns taken by youth who during the last century sought to find their place in a confusing and war-despoiled world .
It 's a fascinating endeavor , set between 1904 and 1945 , with amazing images of young people from a multitude of backgrounds culled from across the globe and set to an engaging score by Bradford Cox .
Teenage is about uniting adolescents of different eras and cultures into one sweeping story about kids paying for their parents ' whims .
Like adolescence itself , Teenage is educational , scattered , and over much too quickly .
Mesmeric work , informative and engaging , allowing an understanding of juvenile appetites as they were shaped through decades of dismissal and war .
The film makes its point ingeniously .
The engrossing , sometimes frustrating cine-essay Teenage offers occasional moments of thrilling revelation ...
A delightful and substantial provocation , and something of a cheat .
As elaborated from punk historian Jon Savage 's book , Wolf 's pristine pop history assembles archive footage , recreations , and read-aloud diaries from real midcentury teenagers to recount the dubious fabrication of youth culture .
-LSB- Director Matt Wolf -RSB- has transformed Jon Savage 's book into a visionary cinematic statement .
The authentic , first-person narration may represent only voices from Germany , Britain and the US but , even so , the scope is over ambitious .
The film stitches together an astounding collection of archival materials , supplemented by period reenactmentsand concepts adapted from Jon Savage 's 2007 book of the same name .
Wolf blends newsreels , archival footage , written personal diaries and vivid 16 mm recreations in an entrancing collage that puts the voice of youth at the center of a narrative in which the broad strokes of history tend to overlook them .
This rich historical documentary chronicles the emergence of the teenager as a distinct social and cultural group .
A feat of both editing and blurring-of-the-edges nonfiction technique .
Tackling a huge sociological subject in less than 90 minutes , Teenage is adolescence personified : a bit superficial and spotty .
Filtering writer Jon Savage 's non-fiction doorstopper into a mere 78 minutes ... makes this feel like a taster for a more in-depth TV series - but one well worth seeing , nonetheless .
Through a dense collage of archive , retro-reconstruction , and dramatic narration , this fascinating study leads us through the personal and political stories of Jitterbugs , Boy Scouts , Bright Young Things and Hitler Youths .
Ambitious but also confusing and often trite ...
Part documentary and part film essay , this movie mixes fact and fiction to explore the concept of the teenager , which did n't exist before World War II .
If there 's a single message in Teenage - or a prevailing message among many - it 's that adults should stay away from the adolescents ' party ; or else should be thoroughly frisked for their intentions before being invited in .
Does n't tell us all that much , but full of loving grace , nonetheless . A teenage dream , indeed .
Though looking at British , American and German society between the wars feels like exactly the right starting point , the film 's narrow remit becomes frustrating , and its techniques are n't always too savvy .
Not just for the young , Teenage is a film for the young at heart , or just for anyone who has ever been interested in teen culture .
An intelligent and artful approach to an underexposed aspect of 20th century culture , the aesthetic successes of Matt Wolf 's youth movement doc make you wish more documentaries were made this way .
It 's slightly undermined by its directorial approach , since you end up questioning the veracity of what you 're actually watching .
The history of teenagerdom feels like the history of a revolutionary artistic movement , like surrealism or situationism , full of wild clothes , new music , provocation and excitement .
Throughout the documentary are gorgeous images of teenagers with goofy , full-of-hope smiles that make your heart ache .
Mesmerising .
Fascinating and frustrating in equal measure .

@highlight

Using a smartly assembled blend of archival footage and well-made re-enactments , Teenage surveys the rise of adolescent culture with tenderness and wit .