A candy-colored fusion of Dahl , Dr. Seuss and the director 's own mischeviousness
Is it time for director Luc Besson to become invisible too ?
In a clear-cut case of arrested development , the film that crowns Luc Besson 's career is a magical phantasmagoria for the kids , and a derivative mess for their parents .
Uma fábula divertida e inocente que conta com uma eficiente animação digital e traz Besson em um bom momento , o que é algo cada vez mais raro .
In a year when a lot of big-screen animation felt like it came rolling off the video game assembly line , a little originality goes a long way .
Things unfold in rote fashion , with nature-based gadgetry no more clever than those of The Flintstones .
Strange and kind of meandering .
The Minimoys are teeny-weeny kind folk with a keen fashion sense and a wicked-cool lair . They 're just like what the Borrowers would have been like if they had lived in the field behind the Urban Outfitters production factory .
A lazy fairy-tale pastiche reveling in mite-size cherubs , which cribs from gnomic mythology , elvish lore , Harry Potter , Arthurian legend and ca n't - pay-the-rent melodrama .
Here is an overproduced , oversugared semi-animated children 's fantasy adventure from Luc Besson that made me want to cringe into my plush seat , never to re-emerge .
Brightly coloured fantasy adventure with a decent premise , but the animated sections do n't really work , despite the efforts of a talented cast .
I 'm not sure what creeped me out most in Luc Besson 's `` Arthur and the Invisibles , '' the awful animation or Madonna lending her voice to a `` child '' princess .
Besson 's labour of love is a feast for the eyes but leaves the imagination distinctly undernourished .
Looks like European animation is still light years behind the US and Japan . Thank goodness for Highmore and Farrow - if only the whole film had been live-action .
The story is just incoherent , and the faster it moves , the more frantic it seems .
Luc Besson 's half-baked live-action/animated fantasy looks like it was invented on the hoof : it 's erratically plotted , poorly animated , overly derivative and too insufferably cute to interest anyone above undemanding toddler age .
Luc Besson has made a fair share of artfully bad movies . Arthur and the Invisibles -- half-live-action , half-CG kid 's adventure -- is -LRB- by a hair -RRB- more bad-bad , like The Fifth Element , than good-bad , like The Big Blue .
With its Day-Glo colors and fast pace , this $ 80 million live action/animated film may be the first acid trip for kids .
Whatever its flaws , Arthur and the Invisibles has a handmade , personal feel that finally affords it a cockeyed endearing quality .
Five pounds of poo in a one pound bag .
Arthur and the Invisibles has a story so psychedelic that each movie ticket purchased should also include a black light poster and some incense . Kids weaned on the likes of Pixar and Shrek wo n't know what to make of it .
Highmore has been given a free pass from Besson to act his little heart out , and this gifted kid has decided to use the Dakota Fanning 3000 method of predictable , robotic child acting . It 's disappointing to witness .
It took me a few minutes to get used to the strange look of the Minimoy universe in ` Arthur and the Invisibles , ' but I soon became enchanted with it .
To put it bluntly , this film has more plot holes than a Swiss cheese .
Audiences should ignore this one until Arthur becomes invisible .
Succumbing to the in-joke trend popular in children 's films , Luc Besson 's visually attractive movie spoils its own fantasy spell with anachronistic references and a quickly resolved story line .
While technically polished and adequately executed Arthur , like most of Besson 's movies , is a strangely soulless experience .
Besson is a pro when it comes to action movies , but this part live , part animation effort is a mess , highlighted by creepy animation , derivative plot points and a child star who speaks way too fast .
The story -LSB- Besson -RSB- co-wrote for Arthur is workable , even clever at times , but the visualization of the Minimoys and their crib is weird and almost aggressively off-putting -- like an episode of When CGI Attacks !
The film jumps and starts all over the place and simply is n't cohesive enough to appeal much beyond youngsters .
Luc Besson serves up a hybrid of live actors and computer-generated figures to tell a not-endearing-enough story about a boy who shrinks to microscopic size to find his missing grandfather .
-LSB- Arthur and the Invisibles is -RSB- a film for kids who want to know what headaches feel like .
Nothing in this movie works . Maybe all that tweaking helped , but I 'm not betting on it .
There 's a reason American animated filmmakers do n't use the great Robert De Niro , Jason Bateman and Madonna to voice their cartoons . These big names add nothing to this frustrating goulash of fairy tales and fantasy-film ingredients .
This kids ' cartoon from France is such a surreally demented attempt to connect with children that it 's the equivalent of foie gras breakfast cereal or a bleu cheese milkshake .
Good intentions , a full complement of parts , and proper assembly do not guarantee a successful result .
It might have been just another humdrum children 's film if not for Highmore , who brings the same charm he did in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Finding Neverland to this fun movie .
Directed by Luc Besson , this inventive family movie sets up the most delightful premise , then squanders it on the kind of yawn-inducing CG adventure you might expect from one of those long , plot-heavy cut scenes that slow down video games .
They look like a cross between anime and Jim Henson puppets . Fortunately , they look nothing like Pixar , PDI , Sony Animation or any of the other talking animal companies .
Apparently Besson became so enamored of CG animation 's possibilities that he forgot basic rules ... such as the one about animation thriving on clear-cut , distinctive characters whose personalities are established in the first few seconds they 're on screen .
The movie is too long by half for its relatively simple plot . And letting kids get antsy , as any parent can tell you , is the biggest sin a filmmaker can commit .
Arthur and the Invisibles may be a tale for children , but it 's got the bad habits of a profligate adult -- the thing borrows shamelessly from its betters and then pretends to be self-sustaining .
An odd imp of a movie , Arthur and the Invisibles may actually be filled with a bit too much invention for the average kid .
Too eccentric for kids , too silly for everyone else , it floats in a Neverland of breathtaking visuals in service of a story that pilfers everything -LRB- and I mean everything -RRB- from the Arthur legends to last summer 's The Ant Bully .
This fantasy blend of live-action and digital animation is just never quite as wondrous as it really should be .
There are too many things out of whack here , and too many unanswered questions .
Oh , what a dreaded Pandora 's Box has been opened by the success of the Harry Potter and The Lord of the Rings franchises .
The movie bing-bing-bings all over the place , repurposing fantasy novels , video games , Arthurian legends . Besson 's grocery bill for all I know . Even the musical score has multiple-personality disorder .
This is no committee-engineered product designed to boost first-quarter profits ; Besson actually wants to be here .
I know this is supposed to be a children 's fantasy and that the color of the Miminoys ' skin should be less remarkable than their microscopic stature , but the message seems to be that an African tribe ca n't be cute unless it is also white .
A movie with imaginative elements but little imagination .
Imagine the Smurfs meeting Troll dolls in the world of The Dark Crystal ...
Youngsters should have a fine time . Adults not easily persuaded that any children 's film is automatically charming might bring a book .
... there 's exceedingly little here to hold the interest of even the most patient adult .
Starts off as an innocent , wholesome family adventure , but , when it becomes animated , Arthur is on the path to throwing back drinks in da club with Snoop Dogg and his posse .
The story is n't terribly original , but Besson gives it a fuel-injected energy ...
Besson ... even dresses up the main female character in the sort of action-babe getup assigned to Milla Jovovich in his own The Fifth Element .
The film touts its ` dazzling ' hybrid of live action and ` groundbreaking ' CGI , but the visuals ca n't compare to Happy Feet or any Pixar release .
The underground adventures are an unfortunate mixture of po-mo snark and potty humor -LRB- some just plain pot humor as well -RRB- .
Ultimately , Besson has made an interesting , if shaky in places , homage to childhood .
Luc Besson , the most-Hollywoodish of Gallic directors , has adapted his own series of popular -LRB- in France -RRB- kid-lit tomes to produce a glossy , expensive -LRB- $ 84 million -RRB- and long-winded mix of live action and computer animation .
Essentially , though , the star is Besson himself , pulling out all the stops to give Pixar a run for their money .
A mishmash with a distinctive but disorderly animation palette whose top-notch voice cast -- including Robert De Niro , Madonna and David Bowie -- gets lost in the muck .
... a stiff affair that mixes overripe live action and starchy CGI animation .
This children 's epic is slowed considerably by a convoluted , multi-tiered plotline in which we bounce between the human world and the Minimoy one . None of the characters are compelling , despite the star-studded vocal cast behind them .
There 's no time to sort out the players or the story as things rush ahead at an overwrought pace . Huge amounts of backstory are just plopped down in front of us , so fast and furiously that it makes little sense .
It 's a pretty good picture , albeit a strange one .
This mix of computer animation and live action promises much but never really comes together . Haphazard voice dubbing and lack of originality do n't help .
The adventure turns out to be a drag . When Arthur goes on a ruby hunt , the movie shifts to animation , and he meets the Minimoys , fairy creatures who look like those troll dolls that become inexplicably popular every 20 years .
Arthur and the Invisibles makes an excellent case against casting animated movies with celebrity voices . There are people who make their living as voiceover artists , and they would have been infinitely better than the lackluster Robert De Niro .
Luc Besson has never been one of my favorite filmmakers , but he seems to have found his metier in children 's fantasy , and this semianimated adventure is enjoyable and imaginative despite its formulaic qualities .
Mess that it is , it carries a distinctive tone and visual effort .
Predictable and overly busy , this sci-fi adventure should nonetheless appeal to game-savvy tots , especially those familiar with the source material .
... a cute and sassy little fantasy film that borrows from many sources -LRB- oft times forgoing originality for familiarity -RRB- .
full review in Greek
Somewhere between cute and weird , Arthur and the Invisibles tries to be too many things in a frantic bid to be uber-creative , young , hip and relevant , expecting its technological prowess to be heartwarming and impressive .
Several parts of the narrative do n't gel , feeling designed simply to look cool or sound funny .
Admirably blends animation and live-action and has a lot on offer for kids , though adults will probably yawn more than once at the predictable twists and turns of the plot .
The routine story and lack of real warmth make this a movie to endure with one 's children , not to share with them .
Director Luc Besson admits he knew nothing about animation before he started this project , and it shows .
The bucolic wonder buried in Luc Besson 's Arthur and the Invisibles has been snuffed out by this alienating and dislikable animated film . As overproduced and acrid as The Messenger : The Story of Joan of Arc and The Fifth Element .
Besson drags things out considerably for his young audience at 122 minutes . The CG work is clever but can not measure up to Pixar 's standards in cleverness or imagination . Nothing is fresh here .
-LSB- Actor Freddie -RSB- Highmore is sweetly exuberant , but the voice talent is uneven , and the only really clever bits find the CGI characters navigating real live foliage .
Arthur 's frequent returns to reality break the mood and seem to serve little narrative purpose besides beefing up Farrow 's role .
Luc Besson 's Arthur and the Invisibles clears the smog left behind by the year 's dubious family entertainments .






@highlight

Arthur wastes its big-name voice talent on a predictable script and substandard CG animation .