A romantic drama with an effervescent touch of comedy ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The principals perform their roles nicely , but there really is n't much for them to do . Undoubtedly , the age gap has influenced my negative response .
I found much to like in -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer , not the least of which is its emotional candour .
What makes this movie so seamless is the spot-on performances of the two lead actors and the very relatable story of what happens when love -- and life -- happens .
By the 501st day , it 's hard to muster much sympathy for either Tom or Summer . Thank goodness it 's not called 1,000 Days of Summer .
Similar taste in stuff , it seems , is not reason enough to love a movie .
An unpredictable , immensely satisfying experience , much like love itself .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days is a funny , seductive , and surprisingly honest dramatization of the ways we snooker ourselves into incompatible love .
Forcedly cute , clumsily mechanical , overdetermined , and undernourished , this ostensibly soulful romance is a plastic void .
It manages to deliver a love story that gets you invested even though you know it ca n't end neatly with either happiness or tragedy , but rather with a bittersweet mishmash of imperfection -- one that that everybody can probably relate to .
Inventive , original and hugely relatable , -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days Of Summer is the perfect screen deconstruction of a relationship , for once , from the man 's point of view .
Tom and Summer may not be the most emotionally stable people on the planet , and if they were my friends , I 'd have little sympathy for them .
Movies like this are the reason why I love movies .
As Summer , Zooey Deschanel is an enchanting , blue-eyed mixture of nearness and distance . You can see why Tom loves her , even as she stomps on his heart .
It 's very smooth and well done ; Marc Webb clearly has a solid visual eye and natural sense of pacing .
You 've seen this movie before -LRB- just usually with a fakey big-kiss ending ; extra points here for the blunt honesty about breakups -RRB- but this one is just right for Right Now .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is as close to perfect as a movie gets . A highly subjective claim ? Sure , but so are all movie reviews , and this is hardly the time to get into that argument .
Zany visuals and spirited performances makes 500 Days of Summer an entertaining chronicle of the making and breaking of a modern secular relationship .
An endearing , well-acted film that takes a conventional premise and turns it into something wonderfully unconventional .
Sweet and cute , but capable of so much more .
Hopefully writers Neustadter and Weber have already got another project in the works .
This is the movie The Breakup was advertised to be .
Gimmicky love story that 's not saved by its bittersweet ending . Acting is more than just cooing with your eyes . It seemed like 500 days allright . Paul Chambers , CNN .
The film 's bruised yet clear-eyed romanticism is refreshing to find in a genre that often settles for something less than truthful or passionate .
... it does a nice job of charting the rise and fall of a relationship with heart , soul and a recognition that it is better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all .
We have been trained by Hollywood to react a certain way to a certain kind of movie and 500 Days of Summer seeks to un-train us through shock therapy .
Abound conventions and the occasional nugget of overwrought wit threaten , but fail , to cripple the leads ' revelatory sincerity .
Una irresistible comedia romántica que desafía algunas convenciones del género , gracias a un tratamiento fresco y original , una deliciosa banda sonora y dos protagonistas perfectos .
The two leads are as quirky and likable as the movie itself .
full review at Movies for the Masses
A kind of Woody Allen comedy but without the jokes . Lots of cultural signifiers to make ivy league couples on a date feel at home , but totally lacking in substance .
A near perfect genre defying representation of relationships , infatuation , and getting over the first real love of your life ...
The film revels in the hip witticisms that swim mostly inside a writer 's head but never come forth in the real world with the timing and execution seen here .
At last , here 's a movie that takes the wimpy , tortured , hopelessly-in-love boys from the other movies and tells them to grow up .
This is a story that most people can probably relate to , unless you are one of those lucky people never to have been on the losing end of the game of love .
Le tout est exécuté avec un tel enthousiasme que nous ne pouvons que nous laisser emporter par cette vague on ne peut plus rafraîchissante , et surtout profondément désarmante .
a nicely played but all-too-preciously eccentric romance
500 Days of Summer never quite convinces , despite the charm of the leads . This is wannabe indie , and these two Hollywood names are too ` big ' to play beautiful nobodies navigating a heart-wrenching misunderstanding .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is a classic independent film , taking a bunch of risks and trying to break as many rules as possible , yet it is in many ways a traditional ode to love , and it will leave you yearning for the opportunity to be dumped yourself .
Despite the tricky punctuation , -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer might be the most truthful rom-com about the sort of people you 're likely to know ; not inhabitants of some movie version of Fairyland .
A true re-invention of the romantic comedy genre for a male skewed audience , complete with realistic lead characters and hilarious insight .
Heartbreak is rarely enjoyable , but in this case , it 's very easy company -- as are Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel .
Tom is a prime example of what happens when you grow up listening to too much sad British pop music : unrealistic expectations for romantic love and a taste for skinny ties and sweater vests . Now he 's fallen , and fallen hard , for Summer . How could he not ?
Charming yet brutally honest . . offers a certain mainstream appeal for anyone who 's experienced love 's thorny and persuasive illusions .
Charm effuses from this quirky love story in which fate , coincidence , dreams , expectations and reality are chaotically intertwined .
Too timid to be truly cynical about love and too eager for box-office success to try to be a really new kind of romantic comedy , the film fails the ultimate romantic-comedy test : not only does it lack enough laughs , but you 're never emotionally involved .
Highly recommended either to enjoy as a couple or wallow in alone .
Director Marc Webb 's debut feature is as far from a Sandra Bullock or Hugh Grant vehicle as you can imagine . What better reason to go see it ? From start to end his subtle movie feather-teases your funny spots : it amazes , refreshes and it delights .
Perfectly played , simultaneously serious and light , endlessly inventive , this is a strong contender for the most original date movie of the year . -LRB- Terrific -RRB- stuff .
If it just misses being this generation 's ` Annie Hall ' , it 's still deliciously refreshing , sweet and fizzy . A sherbet dip of a movie .
A new take on romantic comedy that does n't quite live up to its ambitions .
It is hardly the freshest romantic comedy of the past 20 years . Taking the best bits from other movies and rearranging them in a non-linear sequence does not make for an original film .
Despite clever moments and Hornbyesque touches of melancholy , it 's let down by sitcom cliches , and by being weirdly incurious about the inner life of its female lead .
An ideal version of this film would be painful and playful , and a good deal less cluttered . But the one we get certainly has delightful moments . After any exposure to this year 's unfailingly smelly mainstream romcoms , it 's a breeze .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is a great film - a step in genre and gender development that will be referenced for years to come . And aside from all that , it 's really good fun .
An endorphin rush of a movie , which even in its saddest moments is uplifting funny .
A clever , refreshing , non-formulaic antidote to your average , bog-standard Hollywood romcom .
Unabashedly indie heartstring-yanker 500 Days of Summer - while mercifully rejecting the rom-com template - is less than the sum of its well-played parts .
A playful , witty , disordered telling of a fractured romance . Bringing fresh zing to a genre prone to predictability , Webb crafts a -LRB- not-in - -RRB- love story about feeling bad that 's infectiously good .
There is more cinematic joy in five minutes of -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer than there is in a packed weekend of mainstream romance movies .
A sharp spin on the usual rom-com formulae , this is funny , sensitive and challenges the genre 's gender conventions .
By a wide margin the outstanding romantic comedy of 2009 .
An energetic , enjoyable affair with plenty to say about unrequited love .
A modern romance for grown-ups ... a sweet-natured , funny , deeply-romantic tale that brims with energy and is blessed with top-notch performances .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is an above average rom-com that dares to venture towards an appalling conclusion .
I 've read somewhere that -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is being called the Annie Hall de nos jours ; that 's a slur on a great movie , not to say on nos jours .
Comparisons with Woody Allen are misplaced - the lines do n't punch the way Woody 's used to - but the cinematography does a good job of making unfashionable corners of Los Angeles look like Allen 's Manhattan .
More of an anti-romcom : something many women - and perhaps even more men - will be grateful for .
A charming , funny and wonderfully inventive romcom that 's easily one of the best films of the year .
Sparklingly funny , beautifully heartfelt , wonderfully uplifting and brilliantly performed . In short , it 's the best romantic film since ... well , what exactly ?
Just when you thought Hollywood had run out of original ideas for quality rom-coms comes this slice of witty , smart loveliness .
It comes replete with all the try-hard affectations of the whimsical American indie film - a third-person narrator , quirky animated title cards , an obligatory shout out to Belle & Sebastian - but manages to transcend its influences enough to appear fresh .
In a cinema season overflowing with ho-hum rom-coms , it 's a delight to come across one that moves off the well-beaten track and entertains at the same time .
The Fox Searchlight house style perfected and taken to the brink of self-parody .
I loved -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer for many reasons , but for this one the most : I felt more during this movie than I have in any other romantic comedy in years .
It 's all about the architecture of love .
The couple 's fluctuations between amorous rapture and wounding are matched by the film 's own seesaw of poignancy and irritation
exceeds its whimsical indie-film touches because it is rooted in the kinds of recognizable truths that give weight to what would otherwise be simply amusing
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer -LSB- is -RSB- to the best sleeper of the season .
Oh , -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer , how do I love thee ? Let me count the ways -- out of order , and from a list of , well , 500 -LRB- you 'll know why when you see it -RRB- ...
Awkward offbeat summer to autumn romance .
Deschanel never won me over but Gordon-Levitt 's star continues to rise
If you are tired of the standard romances that have infested multiplexes as of late , I urge you to seek out -LRB- 500 -RRB- DAYS OF SUMMER , which kind of feels like the MEMENTO of romances .
Told in brilliantly written non-linear clumps , it is more of a falling-out-of-love story than a traditional tale of boy-meets-girl , they struggle but live happily ever after .
This is about 500 times smarter than the average romance .
The director has his own flirtation issues , as he teases audiences with his unconventional hide-and-seek uncommitted lovebird chronicle , while Zooey 's got to do charming when dumping her gloomy boy toy prey over a plate of pancakes .
An introspective , bittersweet romp reminiscent of the best of Woody Allen .
As with a lot of truly satisfying art , -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days asks many more questions than it answers , and does so in such a charmingly sloppy fashion that one 's consciousness is left buzzing rather than sedated .
Marc Webb directs this film brilliantly and makes us fall in love with everything from all 500 days .
A genuine look at love and lose .
The independent film 500 Days of Summer is as refreshing as hot air . It 's as formulaic and calculating as the Hallmark greeting cards to which it feigns superiority .
Not only is it charming and funny , but it takes a strikingly original approach that leaves a big , stupid grin on your face
Together , -LSB- Gordon-Levitt and Deschanel -RSB- pull off the tough trick of making us root for their relationship to succeed and understand if it fails
Smartly written and refreshingly affecting on its own terms . At the very least , it will make you smile .
There she goes , a chestnut mare who ca n't be lassoed , an elusive butterfly traveling to the beat of a different drum .
The lead male character is shy and even gentlemanly , which is not just a novelty but a relief in this Age of Apatow .
It 's more like an honest-to-goodness relationship , with ecstatic high points , soul-crushing low points , general uncertainty and emotional torment .
-LSB- It -RSB- does what other romantic comedies can never seem to do convincingly : It celebrates those special little moments that two people can share together , whether -LSB- they -RSB- end up creating a substantial and long-lasting relationship or not .
One of those rare highly touted movies that 's sometimes even better than the touting would have you believe .
... actually dares to invite comparison with Annie Hall ... -LSB- and -RSB- manages , against all odds , to stand up under it .
The kind of movie where telling people to see it is n't enough . You physically want to drive them to the theater so they 'll be there in time for the next showing .
It 's a movie that makes me wish I were still a film critic so I could beg tens of thousands of readers to see it rather just the few who will read this post .
This broken affair is more entertaining than most successful ones .
The beauty of this utterly winning picture is that it does n't live in a generational vacuum : Like the best films of its kind , its tale of young love -LRB- and all the accompanying trials and tribulations -RRB- will speak to all ages .
A simple , refreshingly honest comedy .
The film contorts its characters to prove that true love with Mr. or Ms. Right awaits every man or woman patient enough to stumble into it .
A warm-and-cozy romantic stroll built upon the Everyman appeal of Joseph Gordon-Levitt and the refreshingly original storytelling approach of director Marc Webb .
Sometimes love is a battlefield ; but in -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer it 's a pillow fight in which the Posturepedic puffballs have more personality than the protagonists .
This movie had me at hello with its unique and captivating fragmented style of presentation .
The film belongs to its two stars .
This is a romantic comedy that makes the concept of romantic comedies appealing again -- that reminds you how resonant and transporting they can be when they 're done right .
Smart , witty and quirky but never in a pretentious or self-satisfied way , -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is simply a well-crafted romantic comedy .
The film itself is a harmless tale and the performances all around are mostly winning , with the exception of Deschanel , whose expression never changes throughout all the twists and turns of the romance .
They really try to entertain with split cameras , a great narrator 's voice , songs and a classic rainy night moment . This is a great film about how you remember a relationship .
Forget about Summer -- this film is all about Tom . Gordon-Levitt delivers , a one-time child actor grown into a sensitive young man with a natural funny bone , taking us with him on his emotional roller coaster ride .
It is n't Hugh and Andie or Meg and whomever , but -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days offers hope that Hollywood can pass that romance baton to somebody other than the crude crew of the Kappa Alpha Apatow frat house .
The film seems constructed to short-circuit your attempts to invest anything in it .
Probably the most honest thing in the film is the breakup scenes feel like REAL breakups , much more than they resemble the contrived obstacles to love in most romantic comedies .
The movie keeps leaning toward some awful truths , only to sheepishly retreat into the safe comedy of fakey shopworn devices .
I feel for Tom , I commiserate with him for his tragedy but , for me , 300 days of Summer would have been more than sufficient .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is clever , thoughtful and well-acted , and it manages to refresh a genre grown stale through repetition .
The film 's postmodern path takes us through touching , tender , hilarious territory before winding up at the most beguiling part of any love story . The beginning .
It is so absolutely adorable that , as the ending credits were rolling , I had the overwhelming urge to wrap my arms around the movie and never let it go . ... The best film of the year .
The film does a lovely job of balancing emotional clarity , formal trickery , pop sweetness , and heartfelt narrative .
This is movie magic most unexpected .
-LSB- A -RSB- visually witty , flawlessly played romantic comedy .
This movie has flighty warmth . It makes delirious use of one of Hall & Oates ' boppiest tunes . It has a bluebird of happiness , for crying out loud .
A whimsical , bittersweet tale of love-gone-awry
Watching -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer feels like being forced to sit still while someone you ca n't stand tries very hard to charm you .
Captures with such immediacy the elation and anxiety of new love , the tingle and the terror , the profound sense that you have never been more alive and the occasional wish that you could die on the spot .
Almost everything first-time director Marc Webb explores rings true here . The comedy never seems forced , and the romance always feels real .
The playful Generation Y story -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer goes against the grain by wisely substituting delusion for deception . Boy meets girl . Boy thinks he understands girl . Boy oh boy .
Falling in love or falling out ? This film offers a helpful tonic for either condition .
The rest of 500 Days sets up as a bit of a mystery , and we look for clues , even as their romance is fresh , for the hairline fractures that might eventually result in a compete break .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer '' is the first great cinematic romance of the Facebook generation .
The swooningly romantic comedy -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is a movie that will be discovered , embraced and shared with friends like a favorite record album .
Not just the best film of the season , it 's one of the best of the year .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel light up the screen in Marc Webb 's directorial debut -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer . That might sound corny , but they do .
... one of the most entertaining and flat-out original romantic comedies to come around in quite some time ...
Every moment of this sub-Annie Hall routine confounds not only audience expectation of a balanced feminine perspective but the very notion of romance itself .
A refreshingly sweet , charming and heartfelt romantic comedy with just the right combination of wit , humor and tenderness .
It is , no , not revolutionary , but miraculous and playful ... the smartest film I 've seen about romance in literally years .
Its strengths negate the preciousness .
Cool as a melty Creamsicle on a hot summer day and a sweet surprise in the middle of blockbuster season . Gordon-Levitt 's performance is as starmaking as John Cusack 's in the romcom opus , Say Anything .
What saves 500 Days from terminal shallowness are Gordon-Levitt and Deschanel , who are not the usual picture-perfect androids peopling these young-love idylls .
It is an emotionally up and down saga of heartbreak and euphoria I utterly adored , and even after three viewings I ca n't wait to return to the theater opening weekend and see it again .
At this moment , 500 Days of Summer is my favorite film of the year and is love at first sight .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is something seldom seen : an original romantic comedy .
A romantic comedy that feels like real life .
It 's the oldest bittersweet story in the book , of course , but music-video director Marc Webb approaches his feature debut with great confidence , flair and a minimum of schmaltz .
I guess maybe I 'm not Tom but Summer . I like your looks , and heaven knows I appreciate the energy you put into wooing me , but I do n't want us to be a couple .
The film gets by on a few funny lines ... some playful split-screen imagery from first-time feature film director Marc Webb ... and the real star of the picture , second-billed : Zooey Deschanel .
A buoyant , whimsical charmer that glides by on wry laughs and movie-star magnetism .
The movie suffers at times from a surfeit of adorableness in its two leads , as well as clumsy voiceover narration and a general sense that the subsidiary characters have about as much edge as plush toys .
Everything that 's wrong , on the surface , with -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer pales in light of everything that 's going on beneath its surface .
The banter can be a bit self-conscious , but it 's hard not to find most of it charming .
An irresistible feel-good movie about love gone bad . And that really is n't bad at all .
Smell that sweet , sweet Summer air . This is a simply heartfelt , totally engaging and refreshingly realistic romantic comedy .
This sweetly engaging trifle goes down as easy as cold lemonade on a hot afternoon .
Much like Annie Hall did for a previous generation , -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer may be the movie that best captures a contemporary romantic sensibility .
Even with its minor imperfections , Summer warmly and brightly defies romantic comedy conventions most of the time and deserves to become a surprise hit while finally turning Gordon-Levitt into a star .
It 's a tale you 've heard a million times before . But it 's told in such a relatable , inventive way in 500 Days of Summer , it almost feels like the first time .
Finally , a romance that understands we mark our lives by our scrapes with love , and our defeats , rather than simply white-wedding-cake success .

Smart , fresh romcom takes realistic look at relationships .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer may not be a particularly happy love story , but it 's a love story all the same .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer knocks several romantic movie clichés on their ear , but never loses sight of heart or hope , and it never fails to make the ups and downs between Tom and Summer matter .
What the film does right , I adore . And , like a love-struck romantic wearing rose-colored glasses , I think I 'll continue to overlook the flaws of the movie when it comes into my life in the future .
-LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is that rare movie about boy meets girl that defeats the oldest nemesis of the rom-com genre : predictability
The film bounces between the relationship 's winning uplslope and its mopey descent , and the intercutting eventually kills the momentum , even though the film 's rousing final minute reclaims some of the early spunk .
By the time we see those first , early moments of heady connection , we realize how the sweetness of those initial feelings will become almost unbearably poignant .
You are wrong sardonic , omniscient narrator . This is a love story . I am in love with this film .
Parental Content Review
For all its ambitiousness , -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer feels synthetic and derivative , a movie that 's popping with perceptions while searching for a style .
This is a film that so respects love -- if it exists -- that it wo n't settle for imitations .
A chick flick for guys , a workplace comedy in the Billy Wilder/Cameron Crowe mold , a new spin on a familiar genre , `` 500 Days '' was one of the best films I saw at Sundance .
A fresh July breeze among recent -LRB- and mostly stale -RRB- romantic-comedy offerings .
If only some sharp-eyed script editor had run 500 Days through the de-sappifying machine , it could have been the first great romantic comedy of 2009 .
... an excellent date film aimed at those beyond the usual tweenie audience .
The ending is tidy and way too cute , but -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days is otherwise a different kind of love story : an honest one that takes a piece out of you .
... ends on a meets cutesy note , but what comes before is a giddily original take on the sentiment that ` love is blind . '
Even if -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is n't truly great , it is great fun , from its fresh view of Los Angeles to its use of music to its charming leads .
The movie charmed me enough to send me out smiling , and I can see younger filmgoers taking it very much to heart .
Marc Webb 's first feature-length film is an odd romantic comedy , but it 's a romantic comedy nonetheless -- and a non-excruciating one at that .
Funny , poignant and uncommonly perceptive , growing all the more so the longer one thinks about it .
It goes down smoothly , thanks in large part to Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's grounded lead performance and Marc Webb 's slick direction , but it seems like every other scene coughs up a dispiriting cliché .
Grazes on the fields of Gen-Y trends and ' 80 's nostalgia to fatten itself to such a degree , it would be impossible to notice the material is only a few menopausal jokes away from your average Nora Ephron film .
An experiment you have to admire for the risks it takes even while being disappointed that it does n't quite come off .
While perhaps a tad too quirky for its own good , this is still one of the best , most insightful romantic comedies in a very long time .
Highlighted by sparkling performances by Deschanel and Gordon-Levitt , everything about this movie is terrific .
The writing is often clever and the overall production playful and intelligent .
Boy gets girl and boy loses girl in convoluted , sometimes cloying but ultimately winning fashion in 500 Days of Summer .
In romance , we believe what we want to believe . That 's the reason 500 Days of Summer is so appealing .
Perfect casting and all-around craftsmanship make this delightful , music-fueled contemporary rumination on a big-city romance a big summer surprise .
-LSB- Joseph -RSB- Gordon-Levitt 's performance is reason enough to recommend this movie ... sure to become a cornerstone of a wildly promising career
-LSB- Director -RSB- Webb treats his characters and his audience with respect . The result is something worth savoring regardless of the season in which it is seen .
It 's a Gen-Y Annie Hall made by a new-style Wes Anderson who uses his cleverness for humanity instead of postmodern superiority .
Scratch any cynic and you 'll find a romantic ; scratch this movie 's surface and you 'll discover a typically tepid ode to pitter-pattering hearts dressed up in thrift-store chic and faux-edginess .
It is so annoyingly cute about the smartness of middle-class young white people in love that one quickly realizes it is only about that -- not love nor passion as everyone experiences it .
What is unexpected is the sincerity beneath the modest conceit that , yup , love hurts .
Thanks to two wonderful , offbeat performances by Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel , this movie has charm to spare . It looks you right in the eye and tells the truth .
A fresh and appealing romantic drama brimming with heart , creativity , and panache .
Probably the closest this generation has come to having their own Annie Hall .
It 's as close to perfect a romantic comedy as I 've ever seen .
It 's the kind of romantic tragedy that 's distinct and empathetic enough to be embraced by audiences who were born during Reagan 's second term . Or Clinton 's first .
Scenes slide in and out , musical montages lift your heart , and the frequent witty jokes and well-timed edits earn some of the most genuine laughs of the summer .
Hits every emotional nail in the head so perfectly ... you 'll not be able to walk away from this movie at least not somewhat more enlightened than when you walked in .
There 's no real drama when the inner life of the female lead is so shrouded , even if that 's the point .
Conventional ? Not at all .
I ca n't speak highly enough about this really inventive romantic comedy .
Just sincere enough not to seem target-marketed , -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is a charmer of both semi-classic and partially derivative proportions .
Bittersweet , a movie whose many laughs are balanced by the moments of heartbreak ... I 'd call it a date movie -- except it 's likely to cause more arguments than agreements .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt is great as a hopeless romantic , and Zooey Deshanel embodies a cold-fish charmer whose mod girl styling is but a clever disguise for a person looking for a better deal .
Offbeat and original , Marc Webb 's feature debut is a charming serio comedy that views love and romance from a strictly male POV , reversing both Hollywood and societal norms .
Flawed though it is , 500 Days Of Summer is still a fair cut above the average piece of Hollywood fare both in terms of its laugh quotient and offbeat romance .
It offers us the kind of friendship that comes with a brilliant soundtrack , a story with a solid mixture of fantasy and truth , and the bolstering sort of hopefulness that we might , by accident , fall into a version of its world someday .
Has a refreshing honesty about the messiness of break-ups .
Rethinking rom-com conventions , 500 Days of Summer is an immensely pleasurable love story about two young people with a deep connection but an uncertain future .
An engagingly breezy tale about a guy with a broken heart and the girl who broke it .
Fast , funny and absolutely delightful .
500 Days of Summer keeps its audience guessing , hoping , and perhaps most importantly feeling .
Given its focus on the zeitgeist topic of romantic uncertainty and the true wit of its construction ... do n't be surprised if this Summer provides at least a somewhat hot season at the box office .

@highlight

A clever , offbeat romantic comedy , 500 Days of Summer is refreshingly honest and utterly charming .