Regardless of the improbabilities that the plot will pose ... there is a problem in the casting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Anyone who hides behind the `` chick flick '' defense on this one is kidding themselves . The Best of Me is a contrived manipulation and an insult to female sensibilities .
The film has a lot of hidden messages like these , which unfortunately get overshadowed by an overdose of mush and superficial love scenes that get massive footage .
You know what to expect : a star-crossed romance for lovers from different worlds , kisses in the rain , moonlight swims , fateful separations and the tragic death of at least one leading character .
The Best of Me 's chemistry lives in the idea of a second chance at first love - would you take it if you could ? - but not between the actors , unfortunately .
I would be amazed to hear even the most ardent Sparks fan defend it as anything more than rubbish .
The Best of Me turns into a half-baked dramatic thriller , with violent confrontations , gunfights , plenty of nasty characters and one big scary action scene .
This film could be a real tearjerker for Sparks fans ; everyone else may find it tough to stomach .
There 's something heavy-handed , even for Sparks , in the telling of the couple 's story , particularly when it comes to Dawson 's family : they are leering , brutal embodiments of evil who function as handy plot devices .
A rather typical Nicholas Sparks adaptation ...
Grab a tissue and get ready to have your heartstrings tugged in this Nicholas Sparks melodrama , replete with its elements of love and loss ... The perfect date movie , the film is romantic in the purest sense
The Best Of Me , like all Sparks ' work , would rather kill his characters and leave a beautiful corpse than have them continue a real , scarred relationship .
Dawson is called a `` white trash piece of -LRB- poo -RRB- '' by his own daddy , which is rich , because daddy -- a low-rent bayou criminal with a mean dog on a chain , a shanty tramp on his lap and jet-black dye on his hair -- actually is a white trash piece of -LRB- poo -RRB- .
Welcome the latest Nicholas Sparks adaptation : always the same , always a bit different -LRB- but mostly the same -RRB- .
Me did n't have to be classy , but remaining human would 've been nice .
You can sneer , but I do n't care - the heart wants what it will , and my heart wants Sparks . So there .
Like a hack tunesmith that keeps rewriting the same melodies over and over again , hoping his legion of fans do n't notice the ruse , we 've heard this Sparks song before .
The film is a huge letdown due to the script . The third act is so much a nonsensical head scratcher that it takes away the alluring romance fans wanted to walk away with .
The Best of Me is quite possibly the worst Nicholas Sparks adaptation ever committed to film .
The worst Nicholas Sparks film of the nine based on his novels , this is the epitome of disingenuous , manufactured and manipulative . The salt on the wound of an already bleeding heart is that the young adults outshine our artificial `` A '' - list lovebirds .
`` The Best of Me '' will likely play well with its intended audience , who know to bring a travel-size pack of tissues to the theater . But thanks to its ending , this does n't rank among the better Nicholas Sparks adaptations , like `` The Notebook . ''
`` I never thought a movie would make me long for the gritty realism of ` The Notebook . ' ''
Weepy Nicholas Sparks melodrama is cliche-ridden , violent .
The melodrama feels so hurried and half-baked that the end result is n't just disappointing . It 's borderline infuriating .
A syrupy , sentimental soap opera tailor-made for fans of the Nicholas Sparks franchise .
It 's a very silly film .
Bad boy meets good girl , families get in the way and tragedy follows before the emotionally-contrived ending .
The sunlight is golden , the accent 's rural -LRB- this one 's set in Louisiana -RRB- , people die , sagacious letters are read aloud .
By the standards of other Sparks productions , this is buoyed up well enough by the cast to float along , and everyone 's making the best of a fairly blah job .
At a certain point ... the coincidences and tragic incidents start to pile up at a startling rate and nothing can be taken seriously .
For all of the eventfulness it jams into a -LRB- poorly edited -RRB- two-hour package , The Best Of Me ends up extracting the best of absolutely no one .
The declining level of quality has bottomed out with the worst of the Nicholas Sparks book-inspired lot : The Best of Me .
I do n't know much about Nicholas Sparks novels but do know movies based on them . They pretty much suck . What makes this one different is sucking at a higher level .
There 's a fine line separating a film that puts its own spin on a proven formula and one that becomes a caricature of itself . The Best of Me treads all over that line .
Predictability is The Best of Me 's greatest sin . The screenplay might has well have been a game of Mad Libs , where plot devices are lifted straight out of previous Sparks books and shoehorned into this bland narrative .
It 's not rare to see a film derail , but it 's sad to see one keep piling onto itself with all sorts of increasingly ponderous miscues , bad decisions and so on . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Cynical and lazy , The Best of Me feels as if it 's assembled from parts of other , better weepies .
As a drama , it fails , but the camp value is high , making it more fun than your average would-be weeper . It 's silly , but at least it 's not a slog .
Sputters and struggles to find lift , relying almost entirely on the conviction and stand-alone innate goodwill of its performers before collapsing into an overly plotted heap .
Interminably long , dragging out its molasses heart through what seem like three different endings .
The Best of Me is n't too bad for the majority of its time-crossing story , which means the movie is better than the majority of movies based upon Sparks ' work .
As the drama unfolds the ludicrousness of J Mills Goodloe and Will Fetters 's script intensifies and the dramatic punches are more liable to provoke howls of laughter than tears of sadness .
`` The Best of Me '' is content to remain a by-the-numbers excursion into tough-to-swallow soap opera theatrics . At this point , even Nicholas Sparks himself should know better .
Like traditional pornography , The Best of Me has no purpose other than to get a specific reaction ...
We 've seen this story told in similar fashion so many times in the past . I only wish we could have had it delivered in a fresher , less cliché-filled package .
Much of the dialogue for this terminally mawkish tearjerker sounds as if it has been taken directly from a Dolly Parton or Whitney Houston song .
The latest gaseous emission from the Sparks melodrama machine .
An opposites-in-love-then-apart-then-back-and-maybe-but-no ! weepie seesaw that could test even the most amenable to Sparks-ian heart-tugging .
Even permitting that the movie 's setup counts almost by default as one of Nicholas Sparks 's more complicated scenarios , that makes his failure to draw up compelling , flawed , human characters all the more conspicuous .
The only thing `` The Best of Me '' really wants is to weave a teary-eyed romantic spell by any means necessary .
Is n't fate a funny thing ? Especially when Nicholas Sparks makes it up .
The Best of Me is not the worst adaptation of Nicholas Sparks , but audiences can certainly choose better .
It has a perverse integrity , playing every winsome stare and I 'm - gonna-take-my-shirt-off moment with total sincerity .
A love story about as moving and genuine as a ballad crooned by a studio-manufactured boy band .
This tale of two former lovers reuniting after a 21-year separation also functions as a study of two terrific actors struggling to overcome the relentless mediocrity of their material .
Sinks like a rock thrown into a sun-dappled lake shaded by magnolia trees sparkling under a sky of shooting stars .
The sugar content of this film is so horrendously high , it could be available on the NHS for hypoglycaemia .
By the end credits , before the tears even dry , all but the true Sparks faithful will understand that they 've just been played . Again .
For all its flaws The Best Of Me is still affecting , and it 's difficult to roll your eyes when there are tears in them .
Rife with the most crushingly obvious Sparksisms , from stereotypical characters to inane plotting and pseudo-profound observations about life and love .
Corny , dumb and predictable and rife with clichés , it 's Dawson 's Crap .
The actors are appealing enough and Hoffman 's direction calm enough to qualify `` Best '' as better than its predecessors . That 's rather like calling it the tallest midget , however ...
`` The Best of Me '' to actual romance what pro wrestling is to actual sports : A loud , overdone mix of sweaty clinches and implausible events leading to a conclusion you knew well before the start , never mind before the end .
The Best Of Me is neither the best Sparks adaptation , nor the worst ; it 's merely the most recent .
Sparks would be delighted if this movie were compared to his other story about reunited lovers , but compared to `` The Notebook , '' `` The Best of Me '' is the coffee-stained outline of a sales pitch for sleeping pills .
The Best of Me contains the nucleus of an inventive short story with a kicker finale . But stretched over 119 long minutes and directed with snapless flair by Hoffman , this tale of second chances becomes a wearying parade of sparkless Sparks .
Like the artificially sweetened junk food it is , this all goes down pretty easily .
Whether it 's worth the price of a ticket is measured by your tolerance for treacly romance .
Already hobbled by an overwrought story that turns positively Hallmark-Movie-preposterous in its third act , journeyman director Michael Hoffman ca n't conceive of a single memorable set-piece or rouse his actors into action .
I 'll keep it short , and just say that our old friend , No Sexual Chemistry , makes an appearance , while the characters are generic , the script is bland , and it introduces so many subplots it requires 546 final acts .
All the laughs are unintentional .
Corn on the bayou .
Monaghan and Marsden swim against the torpid tide of tripe that is Nicholas Sparks , and eventually give up and sink beneath it .
The conviction of the leads saves this from being a total stinker , although an ending of industrial strength stupidity places it a mere whisker away .
The Best of Me doubles down on the fawning . Both Luke Bracey and James Marsden whip off their shirts , strut their abs and perform intensive gardening , taking hand and shovel to fertile soil while sweating in the glistening Southern sunset .
As misguided and overemotional as a drunk high-school production of ` Romeo and Juliet ' , and just as weirdly , unintentionally entertaining .
The most vexing , and detrimental aspect to this picture , is the laughable choice of casting for the younger Dawson Cole .

@highlight

At nine films and counting , the line between Nicholas Sparks film fans and detractors is clear , and The Best of Me will change few minds on either side of the divide .