a touching , if uncomfortable , depiction of conservative Korean society as the danger from which misfits sometimes need protection -LRB- rather than the other way round -RRB- .
a subversive slice of Seoul life that 's both funny and heartbreaking
Makes you pay a dear price before getting to the sublime beauty of such a disturbing film .
It has some rough spots - but the more you think about this movie , the more you care about these characters .
A loving and lovely film .
Its honesty and avoidance of comfortable closure make it a refreshing change from the sort of phony uplift such stories ordinarily receive on the screen .
A brave film in the way it shows two people who find any relationship almost impossible , and yet find a way to make theirs work .
The actors ' scenes together are simultaneously abrasive and oddly gentle : two untamable people trying to stabilize each other .
Oasis is the kind of film that is a must for any serious film buff ... and the adventurous movie-goer who is n't afraid of a little challenge .
There 's always a danger when lead roles are disabled characters to make them too sympathetic . A deft touch is required , and Lee delivers .
A dark , off-putting film that offers spare insights but may not be worth the effort it takes to view it .
It sounds like a pervy after-school special , but Oasis features one of the year 's most remarkable performances .
Perhaps the most harrowing screen romance ever .
A fascinating piece of work .
Lee 's humanitarian plea for tolerance is one of the most original films of the decade , and Moon provides the soul .
A markedly different kind of movie .
Both leads make the romance convincing , and Jong-Du even becomes sympathetic despite being almost insufferably thick-headed .
A love story of two young people marginalized by family and society that becomes a scorching indictment of the indifference , cruelty and hypocrisy of those institutions as the couple inevitably come into profound conflict with them .
This is a film that gives humanism back its good name .
Take my word for it : Oasis is one of the most deeply felt love stories of the screen in ways that you must endure a little suffering of your own to appreciate .
The lead performers have collected prizes at international festivals , and deservedly so . They play their roles with such courage and compassion that one sees the souls of the characters rather than their afflictions .
The combination of Lee 's discomforting subject matter and distancing style ... makes this slow-moving drama a challenge that does n't seem entirely worth the effort .
You 'll have to look long and hard to find a performance as emotionally raw as that of Moon So-ri .
This remarkable if overlong Korean film strips away much of the sentimentality and goody-two-shoes attitudes that the movies traditionally display toward disabled people .
Strange and beautiful film about an ex-con and a disabled girl whose odd bond brings them briefly out of the dark .
No movie in recent memory has translated so clearly the secret language of lovers normally lost on the rest of the world .
Lee Chang-dong 's miraculous love story is the find of the -LSB- 59th Venice -RSB- festival ! ... a gritty , urban spin on John Cromwell 's post-war classic , The Enchanted Cottage .
Oasis is pretty strong filmmaking , admittedly , but you are almost guaranteed to walk out of the theater saying to yourself , ` That was really f -- d up . '

@highlight

Lead actress Moon So-ri 's stand out performance gives this harrowing film much of its power .