The movie ends up like Davy Jones himself -- many-tentacled , full of bluster , and devoid of a beating heart .
As epic summer movies go , At World 's End was pretty good . But do n't try to make sense of anything , or you may suffer an aneurysm .
Just how much are you willing to forgive Johnny Depp and that sea-dog swagger of his ?
While it fails in matching the unpredictable excitement of the original , this is more of what I 'd want in Pirates sequels . Just a little less of it .
If nothing else , Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End 's ambition and moral ambiguity still set it apart from the pack , but as a send off to the trilogy it staggers across the finish line more than winning out right .
Another piddling blockbuster with delusions of ` darkness '
-LSB- Verbinski -RSB- borrows from a half-dozen mythologies to construct a fitting punishment for the culture of narcissism , compulsive consumption , and greed that makes movies like this one necessary .
Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End is a hearty , bumpy sea marathon . For some , it will be a fun ride ; for others , it will be an ordeal . I 'm somewhere in between .
Ho-hum , ho-hum - it 's the same old bilge again !
a little disapointing , but still fun
A few laughs , some fantastic CGI and a great cameo from Keith Richards aside , this is turgid and tiresome .
Both sequels to the original film are confusing and long . But the third does improve on the second , because at least something happens .
At World 's End 's greatest sin , just like the second film , is that it forgets to be fun .
It 's unlikely many fans will have the patience to sit through this soulless , yet visually enticing voyage to nowhere more than once .
Although visually impressive , At World 's End is a bitter disappointment considering how fresh and exciting the crew was just a few years ago .
Not for the logically minded or the seasick prone , the film , like its two predecessors , is a dizzing concoction of multiple simultaneous stories taking place either in the real world or anybody 's unhinged imagination , take your pick .
For a long time -- although definitely not all the way to the interminable finale of this whale of a nautical exercise -- you 're likely to enjoy what you 'll see
Swashbuckling action , but too many puzzling plots .
When it hits , it is absolutely the best of the three films , but when it misses , it is endlessly tedious .
Abandon ship . And abandon all hope of a good time , all ye who enter here .
Yo ho ho and a bottle of regulations ! ... has the soul of a three-hour U.N. committee meeting . Gods ' bodkins , me hearties , this movie blows like a whale from the vasty deep .
POTC : At World 's End strives for epic-ness , but it 's not an epic . It 's fluff . And fluff should never , ever exceed more than 1 hour and 47 minutes , including end credits .
The best in the series .
Jerry Bruckheimer has n't produced a movie this undignified since Pearl Harbor -- that cornucopia of corn and bombast , where he ransacked history and sullied patriotism .
The wild , unstoppable commercial success of the Pirates franchise has freed Verbinski to spend a lot of time on flights of fancy and mythological asides .
It is not a great film , but it captures an innocence rarely seen in theaters , let alone in mega-hyped summer blockbusters .
`` At World 's End '' is a sweepingly ambitious movie that , alas , takes too long making its point , and far less effort in doing something meaty with the opportunities given to it .
Buoyed by luck , comedy and state-of-the-art special effects , it has not only survived the journey intact , it 's also washed down its decks , ready for a whole new cycle of movies to begin .
This series has become so bloated and laborious that the plot -- and its subplots and countersubplots -- puncture any enjoyment you may have in this movie 's daft slapstick and bold visual coups .
It 's a knockabout , scattershot affair .
while it maintains some vestiges of daring , I fear that the filmmakers may have bought too deeply into their own delusions of grandeur
Overlong , over-plotted and frequently dull threequel that only really gets into gear in the last forty minutes thanks to an impressively action-packed climax .
While the first two films skirted by on charm and sheer energy , At World 's End clunks through three hours of excessive characterization and exposition -- and none of it makes any sense .
World 's End is duller than a Disneyland ride during a power cut .
There were only two scenes that were swashbuckling excitement . The rest was an exercise in overcoming boredom .
The unfunny doppelgängers only remind us , unfortunately , of how formulaic and mechanical this once inspired turn has become .
This might be a stretch considering its two hour and forty-eight minute runtime , but you 'll definitely get your money 's worth .
Dead men tell no tales -- but if they did , they would probably make more sense than the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels .
I lasted 75 minutes . I think I deserve a medal .
It was a whole lot of fun !
A lazy rehash spun together to satisfy booty-hungry studio heads ... it 's as explosive as a firearm loaded with wet gunpowder
Bland , bloated , and at times , bewildering , this third serving is merely yo-ho-hum .
Here , death has little sadness and no permanence ; it 's as if the characters , being part of a mostly CGI world , are destined to exist forever in digital limbo , like deleted e-mails .
... it hardly seems likely that anybody will have the stones to sit through this mess more than once .
I missed the jokes and carefree spirit of the crew of the Black Pearl . I missed the simple pleasures of the walking id that is Jack bumping into the consequences of his nature . I missed the funny .
By managing to turn a Disney theme park ride into a major movie franchise , director Gore Verbinski and his collaborators , Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio , have done an unintentional remake of Gilliam 's `` The Adventures of Baron Munchausen . '' Gilliam did it bet
It seemed as long as the Bush Administration , although admittedly not that much of a disaster .
As Captain Sparrow himself observes : `` The immaterial has become ... immaterial . ''
You will not be engaged on any level other than a purely visual one .
Personally , I 'd rather go on the Disneyland ride than to have to suffer through the two sequels ever again . Although the ride has now been changed to include multiple Jack Sparrows , so there 's simply no escaping the film .
It 's a fine summertime distraction , but woe to the viewer who elects to revisit it somewhere down the line .
It features good story and visual concepts in its first 75 minutes , before opting for the usual bloated indulgence .
The story is either incoherent or nonexistent -LRB- take your pick -RRB- ...
Needless to say , it all looks and sounds absolutely fabulous , and the return of Geoffrey Rush is simply AAHRResting
Better than the trilogy 's second chapter , but not by a lot . Pirates 3 runs overlong and plays more to its weaknesses at times than it does its strengths .
Like the popcorn movies of old , -LRB- Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End -RRB- is an experience as much as it is a film , a chance for audiences to get lost in elements they rarely experience in life .
It 's yo-ho-ho and a bottle of dumb !
... a piece of high tech fluff that will draw its fans in droves .
I enjoyed this ride the least of the three , but I did have fun .
I 'll bet most ` Pirates ' fans will defend this final chapter , yet realize it has reached the end of its usefulness .
At the end of the world , Jack Sparrow -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- is cast away on a ship on a desert . He 's talking to himself , or rather , lots of himselves .
Advice to Johnny Depp fans : enjoy a seafood dinner , skip the beginning , and roll up after half an hour . You wo n't have missed a thing .
It 's really not all that hard to follow the complicated story 's basic outline ; but it just becomes wearying .
While this third installment is both the biggest and most effects-laden of the three , it feels less like corporate filmmaking than Dead Man 's Chest did .
Confusing double-crosses and half-hearted stabs at comic rigmarole leave the viewer of ` At World 's End ' in the doldrums .
Trying to follow this mess left me at wit 's end with At World 's End .
Once the creaky plot finally gets the characters where they need to be , the stage is set for the film 's splendid last hour , which at last manages to approach Black Pearl 's magic .
Elizabeth Swann is officially one of the best female characters in Hollywood history .
The entire franchise seems on the verge of collapse , propelled to construct ever more grandiose flights of fancy . Without those sequences , there would be nothing there -- but a movie can not exist on rollick alone .
A bloated , repetitive sea saga that is the cinematic equivalent of pigging out at a fast food franchise .
The third installment gets a pass for undoing most of the damage done by the second . This is a trilogy that floats on faint praise .
Who cares that this blockbuster is an incoherent , overplotted mess , when it comes stocked with a charismatic protagonist plus enough swashbuckling action and spooky special f/x to make you forget the fact that the story is impossible to keep straight ?
The longest , darkest , most surreal and sadly weakest entry in the series . The second film , for all its problems , had more fun and energy
... for all its silly goings-on , senseless violence , and perpetual , empty motion , one may still find a few pleasures .
The first five minutes make it clear this is not a film for little ones . The rest of its overlong 168 minutes manages to also eliminate almost everyone else .
I once stated that I 'd rather gouge my eyes out than sit through another Pirates movie , I 'm glad to say that my eyes are still intact and have never been clearer . The third times the charm .
If it 's true that if you put 1,000,000 monkeys at 1,000,000 typewriters , one will type out Hamlet , the script for this film is what the other 999,999 will produce .
To those reviewers that do n't like the latest Pirates , fans are likely to respond : ` You do n't know Jack . '
Gone are the clever , innovative action sequences , and practically gone is the tongue-in-cheek handling of the material .
It is debatable whether a movie can be `` blockbustered '' to death , but I advance this one as Exhibit A. Almost every frame of it feels manufactured to fit a preconceived - and inaccurate - notion of what a bigger , `` better '' sequel should be .
Dear readers Bruckheimer pulled a Bruckheimer . I am a huge fan of his action packed plot-lite escape t the movies . But , in Pirates 3 the mega-producer took a diamond of a franchise and shattered it into sand .
Despite its length and failure to sell a love story , I mostly enjoyed this buoyant surreal adventure .
At World 's End is so insanely plot-heavy that it requires scene after scene of exposition , and the whole thing sinks simply under the weight of the story .
Depp 's drugged-like Captain Jack persona wears goofy-thin , and the sword fight sequences clank on and on .
With state-of-the-art everything , this is the ` Pirates ' to top them all .
The plot is not only hard to follow , there seems to be nothing real at stake . Half the characters are already dead , and half the movie seems to involve swordfights with dead people who ca n't be killed with swords .
A tedious , overwrought and bloated outing that up until the 100-minute mark makes you wish the movie theater had life boats .
The loudest , dumbest , slowest , least entertaining and most annoying -LSB- Pirates film -RSB- by a very comfortable margin .
Alternately exciting and exhausting , Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End may occasionally sail off course , but it never runs completely aground .
The film is slow in delivering its goods , but At World 's End finally finds the mad fun and rousing action that fans expect .
It 's beautifully shot , with lots of colorful characters , many astonishing special effects -LRB- though some approach a numbing quality -RRB- , and much humor . The secret to enjoying the Pirate trilogy is to view them as operatic comedies .
Not so much thought out as strung together -- colorful incident upon colorful incident , but without logic , gathering suspense or any attempt to establish emotional connections between audience and actors .
Unfortunately , once in front of the camera Depp is n't given anything interesting or funny to do . So this fine actor is left to drag out the same shtick that once seemed refreshing -- three films and an Oscar nomination ago .
Depp descends into the shallows of self-parody , and the plot , keen to tie up every narrative loose end , manages to be simultaneously expansive and incomprehensible .
What floats the movie are Sparrow 's grandiose gestures , his schoolyard bickering with Barbossa and the charmingly funny crew of the Black Pearl that provides trusty backup at every challenge .
The film runs nearly three hours long and feels like it .
Unconscionably long at 2 hours and 48 minutes , saddled with a plot that badly needed streamlining and running a bit low on humor , Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End may not sink , but it certainly sometimes founders .
The tragedy is , the last two films are exactly what we feared the first one would be : corporate entertainment , heavy yet frivolous , trying to buy our love with bloated spectacle .
Worth seeing for the jaw-dropping action , the doses of irreverent humor and of course the star power of Depp , Knightley , Rush , Orlando Bloom , Bill Nighy , Chow Yun-Fat and a host of other talented actors who utter their lines with Shakespearean gusto .
Ho , ho , ho and my bum is very sore ! I kept humming that to myself following nearly three hours of visual abuse . Overwhelmed by its bloated script , confusing plot and never-ending battle sequences , I admittedly was nevertheless awed by the special effects
... even with the film clocking in at just under three hours , too much still does n't seem like enough .
Sprawling and as in need of Venn diagrams for every sextuple cross as it is , `` At World 's End '' has subtleties amid its cattywampus craziness . It 's also 2007 's first blockbuster worth the constantly turned crank of big-budget moviemaking .
The movie is thronged with characters new and old -- so many that none of them has room to shine ; and the plot has spun completely out of control .
Incredible special effects and astonishing set pieces fill the screen in ` At World 's End , ' but it 's Captain Jack Sparrow who steals the show again .
After watching Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End , I may have jumped the gun in complaining about too many action sequences in Dead Man 's Chest .
I am anxious to see it again - and this is not a common thing for me and movies that run close to three hours .
If number two was a scorned middle child fighting for attention , then Pirates 3 is a perpetual motion machine ; not just because it is on autopilot , but also because it seems like it will never end .
If Dead Man 's Chest was inspiration gone amok , At World 's End is more -- much , much , much more -- of the same , only without the inspiration .
Suficientemente divertido e absolutamente irrepreensível em suas ótimas seqüências de ação .
As far as meaningless summer entertainments go , it does exactly what you want it to .
If you can make sense of it , you 're a smarter person than I am .
Three 's supposed to be a charm but you wo n't find much of that in Gore Verbinski 's continuation of his silly , spectacular swashbuckling saga
... it 's hard to remember a recent film with a cast this strong that utterly wasted them .
And so it goes .
By the end I was not annoyed , and I did not feel gypped .
Loaded with more blubber than laughs , `` Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End '' is a-vastly too long .
By the final chaotic battle , the overwhelming feeling -LSB- the movie -RSB- generates is relief that the whole enterprise is over .
At World 's End is too long , too confusing , too cluttered , too much . It 's also great cinema .
A glazed , inhuman , cluttered piece of work , a storytelling mishmash that buries the considerable charms of its actors under heavy drifts of silt .
After the credits rolled I felt like entering the theater lobby and doing my best impression of Leslie Nielsen in The Naked Gun , as the fireworks store blows up in the background : ` Please disperse , there 's nothing to see here ! '
World 's End lacks the lugubrious quality of many big-budget blockbusters because director Gore Verbinski gives it a lightness of spirit and because the actors time their sly jokes so expertly .
A ponderous pirate saga , 168 minutes long , with more doldrums than ` The Rime of the Ancient Mariner . '
It 's not so much that the story is hard to follow -- it 's that there 's no real story being told at all . At World 's End is packed with incident , but on a scene-to-scene level this leaky vessel just barely stays afloat .
The longest and talkiest installment in the blockbuster Pirates trilogy , At World 's End does n't even have the decency to provide a good action sequence until more than two hours in .
Adrift in the windless seas of its 168-minute running time , the viewer passes through confusion and boredom into a state of Buddhist passivity .
In order to tie up all the loose plot lines from the first two films , Verbinski and screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio throw so much story at us that the nonstop action becomes deadening .
-LRB- Gore -RRB- Verbinski and -LRB- Johnny -RRB- Depp , saving the best for a stupendous effects-enhanced final -LRB- do n't count on it -RRB- battle , really dock this franchise with a flourish .
So many plots , so many battles , so many tonal shifts , so many characters , and ultimately so many Captain Jack Sparrows that it is clear they are hoping we wo n't notice that it really is something of a mess . It 's a very entertaining mess , though .
this cinematic ship is so over-stuffed with characters and intricate plotlines that it 's starting to take on a bit of water .
For the first time , I can see why many people love this series .
For horror , suspense and dark fantasy fans wondering about the monstrous Davy Jones , the legendary Kracken , and phantomly pirates - they 're all here , but the story is really more about the end of an era .
... some of the most subversive cinematic experimentation you 're likely to see in a `` tentpole franchise '' epic in this or any year .
As an integral part of movie history , the only legacy that Pirates seems poised to leave is the distinction of it being the first major series about seafaring swashbucklers to succeed financially .
Funner , biggerer , brighterer , bolderer , Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End is not only okay , it may even be close to good .
One longs for more scenes featuring Captain Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End and less of everything else in this bloated , overwrought and convoluted three-hour misfire .
Minute-per-dollar , you get your money 's worth , but an hour after you leave you 'd be hard put to summarize the plot in any coherent way . If that 's entertainment , then step right up !
Relentlessly dense and unfathomable ; Depp , the heart and soul of the series , does n't even show up till several reels in .
This film is less comedic and more sweeping than the first two , and Depp often seems to be strolling the borders of the film , commenting on it .
An even more tedious storytelling mess , with a plot so muddled it 's impossible to accurately describe , generating zero interest in its characters and grinding on for nearly three endless hours . The critics will hate it .
-LSB- Erupts -RSB- into a grand and glorious adventure at the final hour . After lying dead in the water during much of its three-part odyssey , Pirates of the Caribbean has saved the best for last . The third time is the charmer .
In terms of pure adventure , there 's less of it here than in Pirates 2 -- the action does n't really start until about two hours in , and even then it 's hard to understand the shifting allegiances or make sense of why the different sides are fighting .
The third film is a startling cascade of climaxes , too long , but to complain about excess in such an exuberant bonanza is like complaining that Gibraltar has too much rock .
As the filmmakers try to wrap up some story lines while introducing others , At World 's End buckles from a decided lack of swash .
Ultimately the voyage is so choppy and long that into the third hour I found myself yawning , ` Yo-ho-hum and a very sore bum . '
From the stunning visual effects and well-paced action sequences to the smartly written story , Pirates closes the book on its trilogy -LRB- and opens the book on the next batch -RRB- far more elegantly and enjoyably than Spider-Man . Who ` da thunk ?
Even longer and less coherent -LSB- than Dead Man 's Chest -RSB- . Consider it a companion piece to the similarly indulgent Spider-Man 3 .
A thrill-a-minute extravaganza .
A vastly accomplished bit of commercial filmmaking , with all the payoffs and pitfalls that such faint praise implies .
At 15 minutes this side of three hours , it 's longer than Spider-Man 3 and the last Pirates entry , which were both long enough . These are supposed to be popcorn movies , not Berlin Alexanderplatz .
The third Pirates has tender moments and smashing ones , and if you fix on Depp , you 'll manage fine .
Running nearly three hours in length , it continues the pointless excesses of the second film while again entirely missing the romantic charm of the first .
I like my action movies complicated , but At World 's End is less a complexity than it is a high seas bazaar with everyone and everything vying for attention . You end up going home with nothing to show for your adventure .
The overloaded sequel exhausts without ever satisfying . Cluttered and clattering , busy with jokes that never bob to the surface of funny , it puts the ` oy ! ' in ships ahoy .
At World 's End has some fun stuff . If only it were n't so stuffed to the gills with moving parts .
-LSB- Special -RSB- effects pale in comparison to Depp himself . He is , as ever , the heart and soul of the franchise .
-LSB- Depp 's -RSB- shtick is funny , but the players are all upstaged by the astonishing special effects , superior to those of earlier installments in creating a wondrous and menacing world .
One of the best wrap-ups of a trilogy in recent memory .
At World 's End includes a whole lot of chitchat , as the characters strain to explain this overplotted extravaganza . Sure , the pirates need reasons to swing swords at each other , but do they really need this many ?
The last , longest , and most tedious of the bunch , At World 's End sags under reams of exposition that not only fail to clarify the story , but take away from the slapstick tomfoolery that made the first film escapist fun .
Abandon hope all ye seeking a coherent , much less satisfying , narrative .
If the previous installment , Dead Man 's Chest , was a classic No. 2 , antic and insultingly unresolved , World 's End tips the ship too far in the opposite direction . The first two hours of this 168-minute leviathan are bafflingly action-free .
The cannibals , coconuts and landlocked locations -LSB- of Dead Man 's Chest -RSB- have been replaced by the high-seas high jinks that made the first film so enjoyable .
It 's more entertaining than the muddled middle of the trilogy . It rounds off the narrative in a satisfying way that eluded Shrek and Spider-Man .
PC1 's Jack Sparrow has left the franchise . A stiff pod has replaced him . No story I could follow , but that was my fault . I do n't understand Aramaic .
A crowd-pleasing spectacle of such technical virtuosity I dare any highbrow to sneeze at it ... both less exhausting and more of an extravaganza than last year 's Dead Man 's Chest .
If you loved the first two movies , you 're going to love this one , and for good reason . Verbinski wonderfully mixes comedy , action and drama , and gives each character something special to do .
Shot at the same time as its predecessor , At World 's End bears the same hallmarks of being hacked , horned and hemmed together as they went along .
Is this third installment an overblown , drawn-out spectacle with more plot twists than a pretzel factory ? Perhaps . Does it still deliver a visually stunning , wham-bam conclusion to a rousing pirate trilogy ? Absolutely .
Anytime something suspenseful might be occurring , there 's always a joke defusing it somewhere . And every time that happens , it 's welcome .
Exciting and entertaining ... and be patient through the long end credits for a revealing epilogue as the salty seafarers sail on .
Do I think PIRATES 3 is a perfect film ? Nope . Do I think it delivers on the promises that the first two films have been making ? For the most part , absolutely .
... any movie that involves something called the ` nine pieces of eight ' does n't really care if you can follow it .
click for full review
The promise for a hopeful tomorrow that spectacles like the Pirates of the Caribbean are more than just a dying cinematic breed destined to be just another theme park attraction .
the most brutal , the wackiest and certainly the trippiest of the ` Pirates ' pictures ... If it 's overloaded and a bit overly complicated , that 's not exactly unusual for these movies .
... even noisier , more frenetic , more pointlessly complicated , and -- God help us -- longer than its predecessors . There is so much classic Bruckheimer bloat here that he could have called it Arrrrrr-mageddon .
` Betrayal ' ... is the most apt word for At World 's End . Betrayal of purpose , and of promise , and of the grand , glorious finale that everyone wanted so dearly to see .
The finale ends up going on so long that by the time the ` important ' events occur at the end I could n't find it within myself to care anymore . I had been swashed , buckled and CGIed into apathy .
The big problem here is director Gore Verbinski . It is almost as if his massive success on the first two has given him personal license to indulge in every single whim and idiosyncrasy the filmmaker could ever imagine .
Bloated beyond comprehension , overplotted to the point of aggravation , and about as soulless as a ship captain specter , -LSB- the film -RSB- is a total mess .
Director Gore Verbinski continues to deliver the big-budget goods .
Detach your brain and just wait for the action scenes to carry you away .
An epic spectacle in every sense of the word , `` Pirates 3 '' is a non stop journey to all corners of the earth .
Yep , it 's a bit too long and more than a little convoluted . It 's still one of the best times I 've had at the movies this year .
Oh , thank the gods . Thank crazy Walt Disney 's head in a cryogenic freezer ... -LSB- This -RSB- lowest-common-denominator junk cinema -LSB- is -RSB- the most cheesalicious , escape-a-riffic it could be .
Captain Jack returns for the climactic conclusion to Disney 's swashbuckling trilogy % u2013 and Keith Richards notwithstanding , the movie rocks .
Given its origins as a theme park ride , it 's apt that Disney 's Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy has experienced a trajectory not unlike that of a rollercoaster : an initial high , followed by repeated plummets to nauseating lows .
The boat sails on forever and the parlay never ends .
At World 's End , shows that Hollywood excess , when combined with the right combination of actors and an occasionally smart script , can work out quite nicely , thank you very much .
Perhaps on Jack 's next adventure he could sail to the end of the world to locate a more judicious editor .
A convoluted , ponderous , joyless spectacle whose lack of charm is matched only by its incoherence .
For what this one picture cost , you could make 8,000 pictures like Mike Akel 's ` Chalk ' or 2,000 like Adrienne Shelley 's ` Waitress , ' and each would be better than ` Pirates . '
Despite a rather dull and uninspired opening , the last hour of action and resolution makes for a suitably satisfying ending .
The effects are spectacular , Knightley and Bloom have more to chew on and more romance to play , and Depp , vamping multiple versions of the ditz he created for this role , is uproarious .
Rum should be mandatory for every man , woman , and child misguidedly attempting to make sense of the frantic Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End .
Pirates 3 is better than Pirates 2 for one very good reason : Forget Captain Jack , Captain Barbossa is back !
It drifts along in its own sort of doldrums , two minutes of not terribly exciting story followed by ten minutes of special effects , some of which are dandy , most of which demonstrate the textbook definition of overkill .
The entertainment life raft to be found in these waters is the aura of mystery and adventure provided by a masterful technical crew .
It wo n't matter whether you 've seen the first two Pirates movies or not . You 'll still be confused .
For the diligent and the faithful , director Gore Verbinski and screenwriters Terry Rossio and Ted Elliott , laboring under the bombastic tutelage of Jerry Bruckheimer , have assembled another collection of exciting set-pieces with bellowed dialogue .
The most visually spectacular , action-packed and surreal of the adventures of Capt. Jack Sparrow .
Just enough surprises to keep us gripped , and laughing , right through the impenetrable , overwrought plot .
The plot 's a trippy , twisty mess , and it 's far too long , but it looks fantastic and makes some bold choices in its execution . And once again Jack 's back to save the day .
After the film 's final act at Shipwreck Cove , one does feel a sense of satisfaction with the Pirates series , the glow of a rum punch and an ocean sunset .
Producer Jerry Bruckheimer does deserve a shoutout : It takes a kind of genius to sucker audiences into repeatedly buying the same party tricks .
The thrilling final hour is almost enough to make one forget how much of a labor it is to trudge through the first two-thirds -- almost , but not quite .
More than ever , Depp masterfully keeps the enterprise afloat , even when the sheer weight of all those other characters threatens to throw it off-course .
Just about every character in At World 's End comes with his or her own agenda , and the movie grows top-heavy as we attempt to keep track of who 's trying to accomplish what .
Roger would n't be so jolly if he had to sit through Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End , a tiresome , disorienting walk down a 165-minute-long plank .
POTC : At World 's End clocks in at more than 2 3/4 hours , but , unlike last year 's bloated sequel , at least possesses some semblance of a destination , making it slightly more coherent -- if no less numbing during the protracted finale .
Left to do most of the movie 's heavy lifting , Knightley and Bloom are still so flavorless that they make Rice Cakes seem like a feast for the senses .
` Blimey ! Keep yer lengthy spyglass ! 'T is the girth that makes the timbers shiver , matey , ' said Jack .
POTC : AWE is a lukewarm maelstrom of secret agendas , double crossings , tricky alliances , back stabbings , political conspiracies , warring factions , etc. -- none of which is the least bit captivating or , by and large , comprehensible .
A rousing final hour and stunning production design help digest the third -LRB- and longest -RRB- segment of the popular franchise , but they ca n't really keep the picture afloat due to the overstuffed yarn and mostly banal dialogue .
At World 's End is visually exciting but after three movies I 'm still confused about this plot .
Such a tangled thicket of overwritten , labyrinthine mythology , backstabbing betrayals and mixed motivations that a massive chunk of the running time is devoted to characters standing around on boats , trying like hell to explain the plot to one another .
You sometimes need a flow chart to figure out who is doing what to whom and why in the third - and final -LRB- ? -RRB- - Pirates of the Caribbean film ...
Interminable , with more plot lines than pirates , this is a mix of theatrical bravura , magical special effects and tedium ... a journey on a tempestuous ocean with mountainous highs and fathomless lows . I was confused , enthralled , dazzled and bored .



@highlight

POTC : AWE provides the thrilling action scenes , but mixes in too many characters with too many incomprehensible plot threads .