Yes , it 's a great premise , but the execution was very weak .
Director David S. Goyer turned the familiar sights of our fair city into a seething battleground for vampires in 2004 's Blade : Trinity , but his latest Vancouver-shot supernatural flick does n't have nearly as much bite .
idea dramatos poy ginetai idea thriler me eyeliktes symbaseis , ginetai syntoma Arlekin efibikoy aghoys poy den thes na diabaseis
... has been designed to appeal solely to the coveted `` tween '' demographic ...
Supernatural teen thriller is preposterous , awful .
Never satisfying no matter what genre it attempts .
There are some interesting ideas afoot , but there 's also a struggle as to which to direction it wants to head .
... a quietly sad and lonely film about quietly sad and lonely people .
A mash-up of Ghost and The O.C. with a point-of-view directed with uncompromising resolve at the protagonist 's navel .
The Invisible plays like a self-indulgent adolescent wish-fulfillment fantasy .
Thought-provoking , philosophical and always interesting , `` The Invisible '' is likely to remain that way , particular when Spidey swings on to the big screen . It 's too bad that this well-wrought , intelligent movie may not find an audience % u2013 perhaps a DVD
stylishly shot and halfway intelligent
Contains an intriguing idea , brought only sporadically to life by director David S. Goyer
The Invisible lives down to its name -- this is a visually forgettable flick . More subpar than supernatural .
... bathetic teen angst .
Teen angst is teen angst whether it 's DOA or MIA , and c'mon , if you really want to go all Swede-emo on us , you 're always going to run up against the immovable cinematic woegasm that was Ingmar Bergman . Never a smart move , that .
Never manages to dig out any real depth ; rather , it feels like it was adapted straight from a paean to adolescent woes scrawled by a tenth grader in a spiral notebook .
So dreary and forgettable ... watch it disappear soon .
My screening presented the final reel upside down and backward ; no difference whatsoever .
Director David S. Goyer does n't get half the skin-crawling mileage out of the ghost factor that he could . As a result , The Invisible really is n't worth seeing .
They should have called this Perturbia .
Based on the little buzz this film has been getting , you 'd think this B-grade teen flick was just terrible . But in fact , it 's not that bad at all .
There are some intriguing ideas running around in The Invisible , but they never amount to much .
The drama never comes together in a smart , meaningful way ; indeed , most revelations border on the banal .
-LSB- A -RSB- clumsy bit of preposterousness .
If anything , the movie is too introspective , to the point that it does n't build enough conflict or tension .
A mixed bag , to be sure , but it 's a bit slicker and smarter than most flicks of this type .
Full of stiff performances , stupid characters , and an incredibly creepy and occasionally nauseating love story , The Invisible is at least consistently misguided .
Where -LSB- the Swedish version -RSB- was a downbeat story of cruel , capricious fate and hard , haunting choices , The Invisible is a formulaic tale of redemption and teen angst .
It straddles the line between appealing to young audiences and flat-out pandering to them , and it sometimes falls onto the wrong side of that line .
-LSB- Goyer 's -RSB- reliance on pointless montage sequences to push the dawdling narrative forward reduce an eerily intriguing idea for a character-driven supernatural thriller to just another mopey wallow in teen angst .
How will he get someone to find his body and save him from dying ? And soon . So this boring movie can end . Please . Could you hurry ? Anyone ?
The only horror here is the script .
This surprisingly understated supernatural thriller is a cut above the usual WB-core claptrap .
Makes good use of its Washington state backdrop , plays around with some actual allegories and is taken seriously by all involved . But with material this ephemerally transparent , that does neither the movie nor the people involved any favors .
This latest recycling of foreign-grown frights shows less interest in horror than in healing .
-LSB- This -RSB- was n't screened for the press , perhaps because its poetic fantasy premise is so hard to understand . Yet originality and even a certain amount of obscurity are more appealing than formula .
A ` thriller ' with no mystery and no suspense whose doltish detective ca n't even track down his own soon-to-be-dead body , the only award The Invisible is likely to contend for is Cheesiest Use of a Death Cab for Cutie Song in a Teen Movie .
Layers of the story are jammed into the script , but what might work as a narrative device in a novel -- the spirit guiding readers through Nick 's revelations -- is just plain ridiculous in a movie .
It 's all , y' know , such a deep metaphor for alienation , man , especially since nobody truly ` sees ' Annie for who she really is . And yes , you are supposed to take this all extremely seriously .
The Invisible is little more than an extended excuse for a soundtrack .
Even ghost stories are n't allowed to be so ludicrous as to show a gut-shot character carrying on as if suffering from nothing worse than a mild wedgie , or a guy trying to drag his own body to safety .
A fully felt , decently crafted teen B-movie melodrama , plenty preposterous in places but alive to the vibrant miseries of being young and misunderstood .
Some of the key players tend to be either off-putting or unconvincing .
The filmmaking is so well constructed that it really is a masterpiece of cinema , if not storytelling itself .
Despite fine acting by Justin Chatwin and Margarita Levieva , ` The Invisible ' ends up making no sense at all .
Plays like a very special episode of The OC .
An instant contender as the best film not screened in advance for critics . The lack of support Hollywood Pictures afforded this thoughtful sleeper gem is frankly inexcusable .
The Invisible is listless in conception and execution .
An interesting Twilight Zone-ish tale ... which tries to make , even if a bit muddily , some deeper points about responsibility and redemption .
We need to remind ourselves that Hollywood makes dreck like this for the same reason that caterpillars lay a zillion eggs .
Without guidance behind the camera and raw talent in front , the film becomes quite a compelling tug of war between snores and unintentional laughs .
There 's nothing awful about The Invisible , there 's just nothing memorable either .
This goes on the ever-growing list of films I cite as reasons why being a movie critic may , in fact , not be the coolest job in the world .
The ads proudly trumpet this supernatural drama as coming from the producers of ` The Sixth Sense ' and the co-writer of ` Batman Begins ' . Unfortunately the ingredients that made those films work so brilliantly are , well , INVISIBLE in this gimmicky ghost sto
The Invisible contains the kernel of an engaging story , but the movie has such a pervading pensive tone throughout , that it becomes an unrelenting drag to endure for anyone who 's not already on heavy-duty antidepressant medication .




@highlight

Dull and confusing execution makes this ghost story utterly forgettable and unintentionally funny .