It is action action action , beginning to end . You 've already seen the first two , so go ahead and see this one . It completes the collection .
Ultimately the problem here is n't the acting or directing . It 's quite simply one of the most clearcut cases I 've ever seen of a trilogy that failed because it should have been a single movie .
When all is said and done , the film is what it is : a good conclusion to a stretched-out trilogy .
Maybe in a decade or so the time will be right for another , lighter adaptation .
For all its pomp and bombast , the only thing I can think of is cheese . The final film stretches out in front of me like a sea of Dairylea : an endless , formless , highly processed mass of nothingness , smelling slightly of prosthetics and hairy feet .
... the worst of the Middle Earth adventures . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is a lot of crowd-pleasing chaos ; most notably a fight across a crumbling bridge on an icy mountain that just might be one of my favorite sequences across all six films
The battles are indeed mammoth and this is undoubtedly the most deadly of the Hobbit series .
-LSB- Hobbit 3 -RSB- maintains the light and often humorous spirit of the prequel franchise and still manages to remind us we are coming close to the actual LOTR with its lessons in the sins of greed and avarice .
While not packing the same punch as the Lord of the Rings trilogy , the sixth film is a tenuously sufficient end to The Hobbit trilogy that never really found its footing .
With impressive battle scenes , unbeatable effects , good performances and a sustained emotional tension , Jackson managed to give a dignified closure to his interpretive meddling in Middle-earth . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Battle of the Five Armies is a lot more of the same , substituting mindless , even dull action at the expense of character development -LSB- ... -RSB- there is just enough here to be passable , and it completes The Hobbit trilogy on a mostly positive note .
Without a single narrative throughline sufficiently weighty to justify the continued involvement of most of the main characters , just about everyone besides Thorin kind of ... bops around .
For nearly 2.5 interminable hours , The Battle of the Five Armies throws waves of computer-generated elves and computer-generated dwarves against computer-generated orcs .
The parallel universe of men , half-men , dwarves , monsters , wizards , evil spirits , and benign forces has been deeply satisfying , but it need n't consume a lifetime .
It 's too long , too dreary , unnecessarily convoluted and while a technical marvel it simply does n't engage the emotions at all .
Battle of the Five Armies sets out to deliver the killer climax promised by its two prevaricating predecessors , and to some extent succeeds .
That frenetic fun factor helps keeps this trotting along , lessening the deadening effect of some of the characters ' over-stretched personal crises .
Jackson has finally given his beloved series an appropriately fiery Viking 's funeral , setting it aflame and pushing its decaying corpse out to nowhere in particular .
The movie is another entertaining bout of a big kid playing in a vast special effects sandbox , but little else .
The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies may not stand up to the first two films in terms of story and characters , but it still manages to stand on its own as a thrilling , action-packed conclusion to the trilogy .
Is it still fun ? Yes . Is it indulgent ? Absolutely .
At two hours 24 minutes the final Hobbit movie is the shortest of all of Peter Jackson 's Middle-earth epics but it still feels like butter scraped over too much bread .
Such ingenuity is at the service of a project that lost its emotional core when Jackson decided to take Tolkien 's relatively streamlined novel and pump it up into three plus-sized movies .
At two hours and 24 minutes it 's the shortest of the trilogy , but it still feels longer than it needs to be .
Often spectacular and increasingly involving , The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies delivers a good payoff for a trilogy marred with issues of self-indulgence .
This is easily the best film of the trilogy . Unfortunately , that also means that it 's almost as good as The Fellowship of the Ring .
A brilliant finale to a thrilling , if wildly afield adaptation .
Jackson bows out of Middle Earth on a relative high , and fleetingly reminds us how great he once was in this world .
The battle for the Lonely Mountain took way too long .
A stirring and fitting conclusion of a memorable trilogy .
Seems a trifle weary , as if everyone were exhausted and anxious to finally get it over with .
Visually , the film is 21st century digital filmmaking at its best ... Magnificently realised with what appears to be a limitless budget ... director Peter Jackson and his team have gone all out with the staging of Middle-earth war .
A disappointing messy instalment , this combination of battle scenes and soap-opera marks an extraordinary achievement - the completion of a 20 year journey in Middle-earth by Peter Jackson
` Battle of the Five Armies ' is the least of the six movies , as it features one extended , cacophonous assault where our hero Bilbo -LRB- Martin Freeman -RRB- hardly factors into the action at all .
A coda that goes on for too long , with a smattering of pieces that do n't quite fit into any part of the whole puzzle .
The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies feels more like a film made for those with a deep , vested interest in arguing about what was left out from the book , or what was added in and should n't have been .
While the action scenes are eye-popping , for me the film becomes something special in stiller moments , with the megalomaniac Thorin raving , questioning , justifying , swerving towards evil .
It 's still hard to believe that the sturdy pleasures and arresting craft of Peter Jackson 's first Middle-earth trilogy with The Lord of the Rings has been so thoroughly undone by the repetitive excess and clumsy additions of The Hobbit , his second one .
Those who resisted the urge to kick the Hobbit habit during those agonisingly sluggish first two episodes will be rewarded with all the sprawling spectacle and grandiose drama they can possibly handle .
This is comfortably straightforward hokum -- which is to say that Jackson , for all his delusions of grandeur , remains a bit of a hobbit at heart .
At this point it 's fair to say that Jackson 's weakness for narrative bloat has now officially defeated him .
It 's my least favorite of the new trilogy , but to get to those dizzying heights you 'd need those eagles that always seem to show up like cops in action films ... after the fighting is done .
Still a must-see in the theater for `` Lord of the Rings '' fans , but this trilogy might have been better served by being just two films .
The final installment of Peter Jackson 's trilogy adapting J.R.R. Tolkien 's novel , and while it 's neither the best nor the worst of the three films it brings the story to a satisfying conclusion . Mostly because it is a conclusion , but still .
While Peter Jackson could not reach the bar set a decade earlier by his own hands , his shortcomings are still more impressive and entertaining than the majority of adventure fantasy movies that have come and gone .
Maybe not as fun as Smaug , Battle caps Jackson 's six-part masterpiece
The last chapter passes muster , but I 'm glad it 's done
Even if the script sacrifices some context for spectacle , many of these characters feel like old friends by now to series devotees , and that 's the target audience here . For them , Jackson delivers a crowd-pleasing finale .
The level of badness the Hobbit movies achieved is downright shocking .
The sad irony is that - given the enormous familiarity with Jackson 's cinematic Middle-earth and the almost identical structure and conflict of both trilogies - the sixth and final film is a slog of an exercise ; one of stubborn inevitability .
Martin Freeman 's beautifully nuanced work as Bilbo is the beating heart of this adventure .
It is a sweeping spectacle that is so caught up in its own desire to overtake and outdo its predecessors that it forgot its most important ingredient - the need to capture the imagination of its viewers .
a bad movie left to die by an exhausted filmmaker .
The bigness of the battle scenes in this part of `` The Hobbit '' masks the fact that Jackson and his co-writers ... have left themselves too little of Tolkien 's story to fill a third movie .
The film 's cast is as game as ever to bring the story to life and the special effects continue to amaze
The sprawling confrontations and many sideline fights in `` Five Armies '' equal overkill . A few quieter , character-revealing scenes provide some respite .
... Five Armies falls short but still manages to be a rollicking good ride and a decent-enough farewell to the world of hobbits , orcs , elves and dwarves .
The Battle of the Five Armies is n't the worst of the three Hobbit films as some are calling it but it 's undoubtedly flawed .
A better title for THE HOBBIT : THE BATTLE OF THE FIVE ARMIES would be : ` Rubbish : The Desolation of Tolkien ' .
`` Armies '' Finally Gets us Back Again
While director Peter Jackson does a fine job with the many battle scenes , no charcter , other than Bilbo , is fleshed out . This is a good action film , but it lacks character .
works reasonably well in bringing the story to a satisfying conclusion while also delivering a cavalcade of action sequences that , unlike some of the action in the earlier films , is narratively justified and effectively rendered
The entertaining , but bloated and overdue , climax to The Hobbit .
Just part of a film . At least we get the ending we 're looking for , and it 's pretty spectacular to see .
Every time the film cuts to Martin Freeman as Bilbo , the nominal central character now stuck on the sidelines with next to nothing to do , it 's clear how wrong all this has gone .
I initially felt nothing , then gradually pain .
With some of the most exciting hand-to-hand combat I 've ever seen portrayed onscreen the final film in `` The Hobbit '' trilogy really delivers the goods .
Thank goodness The Hobbit is over . Now we can go back and watch The Lord of the Rings again .
By inserting so much filler into the second movie , this finale is saddled with the need to pay it all off . Consequently , the unfocused story meanders all over the place .
A fatiguing popcorn movie ... -LSB- but -RSB- so , so much better than the meandering idiocy of the last two movies .
Jackson 's at once digressive and bombastic style clearly grates for some . But there 's a singular earnestness and enthusiasm to these movies that sets them apart from their many soulless imitators .
Peter Jackson 's Battle of the Five Armies ends his Hobbit trilogy on a somewhat underwhelming note , but it 's worth taking that final trip to his Middle-earth .
Trilogy conclusion has thrilling , violent battle scenes .
Untold manpower , pixels , and money culminate in the gangbusters final installment . It ca n't redeem the useless tedium of the first two , which exist for gargantuan profits and structural necessity .
If you can forgive all the behind-the-scenes nonsense and focus on the completed movie , you may find it to be a joyous , rousing adventure - even one for the ages .
The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies is a fine goodbye . It should have been a lot more meaningful than it ends up being .
Does anyone expect more than a frantic , action-packed finale that still ca n't measure up to any of the `` Rings ? ''
Fortunately , there 's not a single scene of dwarves wandering the hills or sitting around a table singing .
This trilogy comes precariously close to making its title character the MacGuffin .
An action-packed muddle ...
The narrative is routinely marred by schlocky comic relief ...
Well , at least there wo n't be another one for a while .
Let 's call it the ` seafood extender ' of sequels . It takes up room on the plate , but there 's no meat here .
For all the endless detours and special effects traffic jams , this is still a trip you want to take , if only to say you survived the journey .
Has the added benefit of giving 92-year-old Christopher Lee one last -LRB- perhaps -RRB- chance to be a bad-ass onscreen ...
The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies is one film too far , tedious and overlong and short on most of the elements that made the first two work .
It 's adequately visionary , it 's routinely spectacular , it breathes fire and yet somehow feels room-temperature .
Once again , Peter Jackson finishes strong .
It plays out as if someone chucked a whole bunch of carefully detailed Warhammer figurines into a centrifuge -- goblins , goats , dwarfs , wizards and wolves bouncing off one another in waves of alternating tedium and punishment .
With The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies , Jackson and company manage to stick the landing in a way that should leave fans satisfied with their final visit to Middle-earth .
The series has started to look retro in the wrong way : retro Jackson , reaching back only into itself .
Yes , The Battle of the Five Armies is the best of the Hobbit movies by far . But it 's still a far cry from the glory of Jackson 's Rings cycle , which benefited from a much more defined quest .
It 's a big , bold , schizophrenic pageant that still manages to work on a surprising number of levels -- creative liberties and indulgences be damned .
Up until now , Jackson 's movies have fired up my imagination -- this one seems intent on shutting it down .
Jackson could have -LRB- and should have -RRB- pulled this story off in one less movie , but you 've come too far on the journey to turn back now , right ?
Peter Jackson 's equally exhilarating and exhausting Hobbit trilogy comes to a rousing , if not totally satisfying , conclusion with The Battle of the Five Armies , a war-ravaged adventure that is by turns breathtaking , beautiful , brutal , and boring .
Thankfully the ending packs a surprising amount of punch and the stakes are raised for an emotional conclusion .
After 13 years and two Middle-earth trilogies , Jackson goes out with a bang , a combustible visual mix resembling a violent video game that could use one or two more edit sessions .
Although -LSB- this film -RSB- is easily the best entry in the -LRB- theoretically -RRB- Bilbo-centric franchise , the inherent problems with blowing up a compact children 's fantasy book into a three-part epic film series ... is never more apparent than it is here .
To put it as politely as possible , there simply is n't enough material there to sustain three good features .
The performances have remained continuously excellent throughout The Hobbit trilogy , and they remain so here .
Mindless CGI spectacle overpowers every aspect of Peter Jackson 's concluding Tolkien adaptation ; like the other installments of this lumbering trilogy , it 's more tech-demo than movie .
With spectacular visuals and the occasionally fun 3D effects , Jackson has once again given the fans something to savor .
If this truly is the end of this tale on the big-screen , it 's going out in grand fashion .
Even Jackson seems a little weary of Middle-earth by now , a land whose cinematic history The Battle of the Five Armies brings to an overly delayed close .
What is perhaps most depressing about Jackson 's swollen Hobbit enterprise is the way it retrospectively diminishes his Lord of the Rings trilogy .
The best of the three but the film 's theme of the downside of greed is lost on Peter Jackson whose three films should have been one or -- at the most -- two .
The pleasure is intense , and mixed with awe . There is majesty here , and not just because we 're in the presence of magnificently regal madness .
Talk about beating a dead orc . In dutifully completing his prequel trilogy to his Lord of the Rings triumph , Peter Jackson has sadly saved the worst for last . The Battle of the Five Armies is 20 percent inspiration , 80 percent desperation .
Jackson brings it home with a bang with this final film ... exciting and emotional . . flies by in a roiling series of climaxes , each carrying a new level of tension and thrill .
One ring to rule them all , and one fatty final installment to remind us that this trilogy should have been a single movie , not three .
Look , if you were as bloated as The Hobbit trilogy , you 'd probably be showing signs of exhaustion toward the end of a nearly nine-hour runtime , too .
The meat of the story has already been told ; all that 's left now is the third-act battle and the tying up of threads whose beginnings we may well have forgotten .
With Five Armies , Jackson again exercises his strengths , and he pares away some of the self-indulgence and silliness that 's gotten in the way with this follow-up trilogy .
A rousing end to the trilogy . How much longer will the Blu-ray versions be , my precious ?
The performances of Freeman , Armitage as Thorin , and Ian McKellen as Gandalf the Grey secure Jackson 's sprawling spectacle to visceral bedrock .
One of Hollywood 's best in splitting up the cinematic cellular DNA of one story into three , Peter Jackson is a master of mitosis . He now concludes a trilogy in traditional too-long but epic fashion after spending 513 screen minutes on only 445 pages .
What Five Armies lacks in the sinister , it makes up for in bellicosity and brio .
Minor griping aside , The Hobbit : The Battle Of Five Armies is a success that brings the Tolkien Estate 's film dealings with Peter Jackson to a triumphant close .
The `` Hobbit '' trilogy started slowly and ended with a rush , heroes and villians fighting it out over a mountain of gold . What kid of any age can resist that ?
Fighting -- presented with Jackson 's usual double helpings of visual splendor , emotional oomph and low-key comedy -- is what `` Battle of the Five Armies '' is all about .
The most interesting parts of The Battle of the Five Armies wind up being table-setting for The Lord of the Rings -LRB- hi , Galadriel ! -RRB- .
If it is the lesser sibling of the towering accomplishment of the Lord of the Rings trilogy , so be it . It still goes leaps and bounds beyond what most filmmakers would attempt .
While more than enough praise has been poured on Jackson and his singular gift for CG spectacle , Martin Freeman deserves some credit for lending humor and humanity to what could have been a numbing orgy of pixelated mayhem .
Not many directors can put on a show like Jackson , and here he gives full vent to his most flamboyant instincts .
The magic , fleeting to start with , is mostly gone .
There 's finally a genuine sense of breathless urgency to the concluding chapter , which pits man against dwarf against elf against orc in an elegantly crafted , altogether glorious skirmish for supremacy over the Lonely Mountain
It may occasionally seem to be aware of its undiluted preposterousness , but that hardly eases the experience of sitting through its endless cartoonish action sequences and overwrought emotional payoffs .
Pray that Peter Jackson does n't tackle the `` Foundation '' series next .
If you 're a fan of Smaug , or expect anything near closure on the dragon laboriously set-up to be the primary antagonist of this world , perhaps another moviegoing choice this holiday season will be more satisfying .
There is definitely a great deal to keep track of here , but I found it all terrific fun .
Fight scenes that go on -- and on -- and on ... Talk about battle fatigue .
Considered as contemporary CGI-driven action-adventure cinema , and as the template for a new generation of video games , they are rich and entertaining . Even in the decadent phase of his genius , Jackson remains an expert world-builder and image-maker .
The movie is a visual triumph as all of the films have been , but pretty pictures only get you so far , and with five other films full of pretty Middle Earth pictures they garner even less distance here .
Bilbo Baggins has a sword and he knows how to swing it !
This third installment of The Hobbit trilogy is allegedly the shortest of all of Peter Jackson 's Tolkien films , but my theater must have been orbiting a black hole because I could swear it swallowed up 20 years of my life .
It does n't take very long while watching this to get the sense that `` Five Armies '' was the film Director Peter Jackson has been itching to make all along .
What 's present works decently enough for wrapping things up . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Fans will get it , the rest of you will not , and that 's been the nature of the series since `` The Two Towers . '' Jackson has always been respectful of the text , perhaps to a fault .
Huge in scale and in ambition , the film is given extra dimension by the 3D process -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- by emphasising distance and size , matching the most active imaginations that are inspired by the written word from which it springs .
Peter Jackson 's magnificently directed Hobbit finale is a delicately choreographed , operatic ballet of war with dwarves , elves , a fire-breathing dragon , orcs and men . The authenticity is staggering as is the film 's weight and scale .
Visually stunning , capably presented , and utterly unnecessary , this final in the six-movie Tolkien cycle is just for the fans .
What looked like indulgent folly at the outset now seems closer to epic justification , as Peter Jackson 's The Hobbit trilogy draws to a rousing close .
-LSB- Freeman -RSB- could have made a great Bilbo . Instead he 's the one thing that has made this trilogy bearable .
Well , at least that 's over .
Five armies are too many .
Bilbo may fully learn a sense of friendship and duty , and have quite a story to tell , but somewhere along the way , Mr. Jackson loses much of the magic .
If you want to see a Renaissance faire turned into an apocalyptic battlefield , this is the ticket .
This final film in the Hobbit movie series is more thoughtful than the first two , and it 's compelling cinema , but it lacks a sense of closure .
The further and more competently the movie trundles on , the more it begs not to exist , really : hindsight favours a two-part adaptation at most .
If The Hobbit does n't equal the achievement of Jackson 's earlier Middle-earth movies -- and , honestly , what could ? -- it is still , in sum , a thrilling effort .
The third and final instalment in the all-conquering series has got everything -- an engrossing story , a near-overdose of thrills and spills , and a cast of uniquely memorable characters .
A passably satisfying ending to a franchise that has always seemed a little like a bonus DVD .
Jackson 's storytelling at this point is so driven by green-screen trickery and digital legerdemain that he seems to have forgotten about human emotion .
Peter Jackson creates a satisfying , visually spectacular finale , weaving all the threads together in the bucolic Shire .
Diehard fans will embrace this film , I 'm finally done with the CGI battles and melodrama of Middle Earth .
The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies proves that the three Hobbit films are nothing more than a disappointingly corny rehash that dawdles to an extent that 's even greater than the 10 + year old trilogy that precedes it .
The end of The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies primarily brings with it a sensation of relief that the muddling and ultimately middling affair is finished .
OK , Mr. Jackson , you proved your point by landing the big finish . Now please , no more Middle-earth , ever .
It 's designed to leave the audience drained and exhilarated , and from its opening scenes of exploding awesomeness there 's no looking back .
Whose story is this ? There 's an old saying that history is written by the winners . The screenplay for `` The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies '' must have been written by elves .
More is more here , not less , and the narrative is made worse , not better , for Jackson 's tinkering .
The Hobbit concludes as it began : in a welter of continuous action , with characters who have become archetypes but seldom rise above that level , and with a host of ideas J.R.R. Tolkien did n't put into his short novel .
By the second hour of The Battle of the Five Armies , the visual approach becomes a paradox : monotonously dynamic epic storytelling .
Jackson has marched the modern fantasy-action epic into a thundering blind alley ; the movie exhausts your senses without ever engaging your imagination .
So lacking in story that it feels like what it is : the third act of a film , rather than a film in its own right ... as an adaptation of Tolkien 's charming book , it 's a travesty .
`` The Battle of the Five Armies '' is the best of the trilogy and the first one to actually approach greatness .
Narratively bereft ... thematically redundant ... -LSB- but -RSB- fans of the series and fanboy grumblers may have to agree that The Battle of the Five Armies is often entertaining .
The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies is a thrilling and a fitting end to an extraordinary fantasy adventure .
Jackson 's stretched-out adaptation gives off a militaristic bombast . Additionally , what was cuddly on the page is creepy and menacing onscreen .
It 's the movie you expect it to be : bloated from a story standpoint , but built around sweeping visuals and Peter Jackson 's keen world-building imagination .
It 's taken us just shy of six hours to get here but finally Peter Jackson delivers with the conclusion to his painfully overextended Hobbit trilogy .
The Battle of the Five Armies is the weakest entry in the Hobbit series , but it 's a nonetheless fitting end to a trilogy that 's biggest problem was taking so long to get there .
An endless series of extremely serious statements about fortune , greed and war that give way to a more endless onslaught of fight fight fight .
Rarely has a final battle been so anticlimactic -LRB- or padding been so apparent -RRB- .
The tale of the burglar Hobbit Bilbo Baggins limps - no , crawls - to a disappointing and profoundly underwhelming finish .
The sketchy end-credit imagery often feels more Tolkienesque than anything in the preceding two-plus hours , leaving one wistfully contemplating : what might have been , what might have been .
There are some wonderful sequences in `` Battle of the Five Armies '' , and the attention to detail is breathtaking ... but the film feels more like a long drawn-out closing paragraph rather than a vibrant stand-alone piece of the story .
The final installment of the Hobbit trilogy is the best , featuring more spectacular action scenes as well as the series ' most emotionally resonant moments .
The equivalent of watching a game of Risk , with all the emotional involvement such an activity would hold .
It was too much , and it was not enough .
The best of the `` Hobbit '' movies , still sort of `` meh . ''
All this plot unfolds like obligation , a paragraph of book-report summary bulked up to feature length .
There 's far too many moments of sabre-rattling , and too much confusion about who is aligned with whom , and why . Those who know and love Tolkien 's texts will have a vested interest . Everyone else may grow restless .
... it comes across like a very impressive video game , one in which you 're watching Peter Jackson doing the playing . It 's hard to get worked up about any of it .
That we care so much about these characters and their connections to one another speaks to the richness of Tolkien 's vision but also Jackson 's ability to fully realize it .
The best of the three `` Hobbit '' movies , moving from an enjoyable action/battle movie with fantastic visuals into the realm of authentic tragedy .
Tolkien 's richly imagined novels served as the template for an entire genre of `` epic fantasy , '' and the opportunity to spend a final 144 minutes inside that world ... is more than worth the price of a 3-D movie ticket .
It is better to start middling and finish strong than the inverse , and this is where `` The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies '' has arrived in the nick of time to turn things around .
-LSB- Jackson -RSB- may have intermittently lost his storytelling footing over the course of these three films , but with The Battle of the Five Armies he gets there in the end .
While it 's true that none of the `` Hobbit '' films were as good as any in the `` Rings '' trilogy , `` The Five Armies '' at least comes closest to capturing Tolkein 's essence . And in this instance that is good enough .
Between an engrossing plotline and virtual non-stop combat , the picture proves to be just the perfect way to bring down the curtain on a storied fantasy franchise .
The best film of The Hobbit 's three , this final installment is closer in quality to The Lord of the Rings than to its immediate predecessors .
Although once hailed as a potential successor to David Lean , Jackson 's cinematic instincts are here singly overshadowed by a computer game aesthetic .
It 's funny that Battle of the Five Armies , a mercenary sequel , is a parable about avarice as a corrupting force .
With all the big hair flowing and giant horn blowing , Middle-earth begins to resemble a middle-of-the-road rock video . And even sounds like it too , `` If this is love , take it from me , '' bleats Elven archer Tauriel , `` why does it hurt so much ? '' .
With the first two pictures , I defended Jackson 's decision to supersize The Hobbit . The final episode shows what happens when a director has too much movie left at the end of the story .
It 's an extravagant good-bye to the universe J. R. R. Tolkien created and that Peter Jackson then realized on screen , but it also does nothing to work as a movie unto itself .
Big , bold , and outrageously fun from start to finish , The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies caps the trilogy perfectly and is a terrific final act for Peter Jackson 's beloved series .
Peter Jackson 's expanded take on J.R.R. Tolkien 's The Hobbit comes to a conclusion in a battle epic packed with enormous action sequences that oddly distract attention from the much more engaging central plotline .
The Battle of the Five Armies is just about all -LSB- Peter -RSB- Jackson and precious little Tolkien . In other words , if you like orc-killin ' , and lots of it , this is your film .
Whisper it , but there 's something of George Lucas in the final Hobbit movie .
Further proof - should we require it - that few directors can match Jackson for breathtaking scope and subtly endearing detail in the same film .
It is a ludicrously naff thing to behold , and entirely without wit .
Jackson is never more at home in Middle-earth than when he 's pitting these mythical creatures against each other in physical conflict and the five-way battle when it erupts is , indeed , a roaring , seismic wave of extravagant sword-n-sandals action .
The Hobbit : The Battle Of The Five Armies is a fantastic farewell to familiar characters and landscapes that blends spectacular action sequences with some touching human moments .
It 's not a bad ending to the Hobbit 's unexpected journey , but it does not reach the standard set by the other films . But even with all its flaws , there is a brave cinematic heart at the core that makes even this weaker Jackson film better than most .
Enough Hobbitting . Enough CG Orcs . Enough CG elves . Enough CG dwarves . Enough CG . Enough stalling , even in combat . Enough grey filter . Enough sub-Wagnerian warbling .
A welcome final bow for Peter Jackson 's Middle Earth mega saga . Let 's just promise to never go back .
The Battle of the Five Armies is at least as weighty as The Return of the King . It packs a huge chain-mailed punch and lands a resounding mythic stonk .
Give me back my precious -LRB- time -RRB- .
Maybe I 'm growing soft in my old age , but I ca n't muster too much aggravation over a film that offers this much entertainment value and showmanship .
I fear that Peter Jackson has been suffering from a similar affliction to the dwarf king 's ` dragon sickness ' : a compulsive lust for epicness .
The Battle of the Five Armies - by far the shortest of Jackson 's Middle Earth films - is the most solid entry of this prequel trilogy .
Superfluous and endless as the ` Hobbit ' films have been , once ` The Battle of the Five Armies ' ties up with ` The Fellowship of the Ring , ' it ca n't help make one wish there was just a little bit more .
The middle section flags due to the relentless padding , yet the film features standout moments of spirited action and its most exhilarating battles bring to mind the greatness of the Lord of the Rings trio .
The battle sequences that arise from Thorin 's greed are spectacular , and so fast-paced that you sometimes have to rewind the mayhem in your mind .
A fitting conclusion to Jackson 's prequel trilogy and a triumphant adieu to Middle-earth .
A betrayal at this stage would have been too much to bear . So diehards might feel like breaking into a hearty Dwarvish ballad at the end of this deeply satisfying finale .
Battle of the Five Armies can be summed up with a phrase we can apply to the entire trilogy : good enough .
The cinematic equivalent of someone furiously clearing slightly moldering leftovers from their fridge , The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies leaves its audience departing Middle Earth for the last time with an awful taste in the mouth .
Peter Jackson 's Hobbit trilogy goes out with not merely a bang , but a 45-minute baroque , virtuoso battle scene that could be an entire tragi-comic film in itself .
A movie comprised almost entirely of battles could have become very tedious indeed . Jackson , though , is always able to give an intimacy to even the biggest , noisiest scenes .
What a horrible way to go .
This final Hobbit film is , quite literally , a journey there and back again . And what a journey it 's been .
At the end of this entry , we 're back to the beginning of the entire franchise . Or , to quote the original novel , we 're there and back again . And sometimes that 's enough .
I kept hoping with the second or third I could say , ` They really turned this ship around , ' but they did n't . In fact , I 've been calling these movies The Horriblit , because they 're not very good .
While it 's not up there with his Tolkien cycle 's best , this is a fitting end -LRB- or should that be middle ? -RRB- to Jackson 's saga , one that manages to mix blockbuster spectacle with some intimate , tender character moments .
The best sequence is without doubt the film 's first . But the central battle is indeed spectacular , and as ` The Age of Orc ' approaches , it rounds out this particular story in stirring and emotional fashion .
A fitting send off - with the right number of endings to boot .
It 's sad that Hollywood filmmaking is so often about attempting to put the dreams of children onto our screens , but should n't it still be notable when someone actually manages it ?
Bilbo and Thorin 's increasingly fraught and intimate relationship stands head and shoulders above everything else , Freeman and Armitage both doing their most wrenching work in the series yet .
More battles , more creatures , more not-quite-comical asides , more stern speechifying and more gob-smackingly elaborate action set pieces .
`` The 144-minute running time showcases Jackson 's worst tendencies : eons-long battle scenes , sloppy and abrupt resolutions , portentous romances , off-rhythm comic timing , and , newly in this case , patience-testing fan service . ''
The overall depiction of The Battle of the Five Armies makes all of the action so absurdly ` cool ' that it feels like little more than fan service .
Third time 's a charm for the mammoth screen version of Tolkien 's little persons ' odyssey .
This film is a fitting cap to an extended series that , if nothing else , has transformed Tolkien 's place in the wider culture .
The result is at once the trilogy 's most engrossing episode , its most expeditious -LRB- at a comparatively lean 144 minutes -RRB- and also itsdarkest - both visually and in terms of the forces thatstir in the hearts of men , dwarves and orcs alike .
The final chapter proves to be very much of a piece with the trilogy 's first two installments : It 's robustly entertaining , occasionally affecting , sometimes thrilling , not exactly groundbreaking .
A wearying end to a grand journey , the cinematic equivalent of a greatest hits encore .
Another grand spectacle that does a fine job wrapping things up without offering nearly as many of the memorable moments of its predecessor .
I am getting older , and the Hobbit movies are becoming more tedious . I do n't know if there 's a cause and effect relationship , but I do know that those are both truths , from where I sit .
These films , and Tolkien 's entire oeuvre , are most affecting in their depictions of friendship , and the performances here represent platonic male intimacy in convincing , often moving ways .
It 's a satisfying ending to the `` first '' visit to Middle Earth .

@highlight

Though somewhat overwhelmed by its own spectacle , The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies ends Peter Jackson 's second Middle-earth trilogy on a reasonably satisfying note .