Packs a punch on so many fronts - original story ideas , creatively gross fight scenes , acting that 's hammy in a fun way - that you 'll leave the theater feeling soundly entertained .
Michael and Peter Spierig have created a fascinating and chillingly believable possible future .
Campy laughs , serious storylines , scary creatures , blood , guts , and thrills - `` Daybreakers '' seems to have it all . And while it might not come together in a perfect package , it 's most definitely a fun package .
A supine memorial to missed opportunities and frustrating directorial choices .
A rock-solid afternoon matinee sort of movie , packed as it is with so many disparate genre influences . Confidently crafted and legitimately clever .
A slick , violent , and intensely gloomy horror/action/sci-fi hybrid that stands out in a crowded field of end-of-mankind movie scenarios .
Around here Daybreakers ' clever streak runs out and the previously witty , refreshing film becomes a predictable action romp that 's big on over-the-top gore but lacking in everything else .
That Daybreakers biggest problem is that there is n't enough of it should tell you enough : watching it provides short-term entertainment , but like those voracious bloodsuckers , it 'll just leave you wanting more .
Daybreakers is the pinnacle of fun , modern sci-fi horror actioners .
It 's pretty clear that directors The Spierig Brothers are ready to make their mark as a couple of high-end horror genre auteurs .
While America continues to produce interminable undead dross ... Australia can now proudly announce itself as being home to two of the best genre auteurs working today .
The power of the Spierig Brothers is mighty and it 'll be impossible to sit down without becoming absorbed in their futuristic world of vampire clichés and novelties .
The is no denying that the production values of Daybreakers are superb ; the sophomore directing duo fill every inch of their frame with some startling effects work and detailed production design .
A hybrid of future dystopian sci-fi and classic vampire conventions , Daybreakers is a horror movie which boasts as many ideas as it does bloodshed .
Pointed social commentary using the vampire as a metaphor for an increasingly predatory bourgeois society .
`` Smartly constructed and lively all around , the gloom and doom submitted by filmmaking duo The Spierig Brothers is wildly entertaining and appropriately gushy with gore . Against all odds , Daybreakers is a blast . ''
Squandered potential at its most obvious .
Once the world is set up , the follow-through comes up short .
Somewhat enlivened by perfunctory professional performances by Ethan Hawke -LRB- as a guilt-ridden vampire looking for a cure for blood dependency -RRB- and Willem Dafoe -LRB- as Elvis , a crossbow-toting member of the human remnant -RRB- .
... film of glistening surfaces ... all lit in the subdued hues that `` heaven to gaudy day denies . ''
Humans and parched vampires engage in endless skirmishes of hide and seek , while corporate meanies go about concocting efficient farming and drainage systems of homo sapiens in profiteering captivity .
Malo je % u017Eanrovskih ostvarenja koja su kao Daybreakers % u0161a % u0161avo zabavna , a istovremeno znaju stimulirati i neka ozbiljna razmi % u0161ljanja
There is a lot of non-sparkly going on , if you know what I mean .
Daybreakers could have been a pulpy delight instead of just another , albeit entertaining , action movie .
Despite this fascinating premise and the careful construction of ingeniously retrofitted world , Daybreakers fails to dazzle .
Takes an idea that also happens to be a MESSAGE , in a genre that has been sucked dry , and still make something watchable . It 's not the most brilliant vampire movie ever made , but it 's the best one of 2010 .
Set in a near future where the entire planet has been taken over by vampires , the film is actually quite pertinent in these post-credit crisis times .
Daybreakers is a perfect panacea to audiences averse to the tweeny romanticisation of the undead by Twilight and its ilk .
Daybreakers is highly inventive , containing plenty of interesting and original ideas about vampire technology , vampire physiology and the sociological implications of a vampire world .
A first-rate vampire flick with solid action and a story that 's never been seen before . Go in with high expectations and you wo n't be disappointed . Paul Chambers , CNN .
A bad ending does n't detract too much from the great cast , plentiful blood and guts effects and rollicking pace .
The special effects look cheap ; and while the premise , with its `` we 're drinking the blood of the earth ! '' subtext is interesting , the characters just are n't .
More Australian filmmakers should be inspired to take on Hollywood after seeing the Spierigs ' vampire venture , even if it falls short of greatness .
Stylish , engaging and yes , intelligent
An imaginative and arresting genre film
Yes , Daybreakers is another vampire film , but do n't hold it against it . This is stuff Twilight fans have nightmares about ...
A dreary-looking and sluggish narrative that does n't go anywhere special .
` Daybreakers ' has plenty of clever social relevance and biting political commentary mixed into the pot of gore and violence . It 's got both style and smarts .
With Willem Dafoe is a crossbow-wielding ex-vampire named Elvis . -LRB- Coincidentally , the film opened on what would have been Presley 's 75th birthday . -RRB-
A fun if forgettable romp , with some great ideas and a few gruesome shock shots . Which is enough . Just .
So over the top you ca n't help but like at least some of it , ` Daybreakers ' is pulsing with gore , mayhem and dark humor
I was in the right frame of mind when I sat down to watch this movie , ready to accept it for what it was just as long as it was well made , reasonably intelligent , scored in the visceral thrills department and was competently acted .
Now this is a vampire movie .
Daybreakers injects just enough fresh blood into the vampire genre to make it worth your while .
A pretty ambitious movie that 's occasionally capable of fulfilling those ambitions . When it does n't , the attempt is still noteworthy and the results are at least entertaining .
An okay film about vampires and the search for blood that is n't romanticized - a la ` Twilight ' - but is full of gore .
Daybreakers was unceremoniously dumped into theaters by unadventurous studio heads in the first week of January , -LSB- but -RSB- one should n't take their cluelessness seriously : Daybreakers is so much better than they would have you believe .
les deux frangins font preuve d'une rigueur créatrice que nous n'aurions jamais pu soupçonner après un exercice aussi bâclé qu'Undead
Makes little sense , but earns points for the operatic , slow-motion vampire equivalent of the Barf-a-Rama scene from Stand By Me .
Give it an A for effort , C for execution . As cool/creepy as it seems , Daybreakers just does n't quite measure up to its potential .
Passable entertainment because it is more imaginative than most vampire films and because of Willem Dafoe 's performance , but it should have been better .
The Spierig Brothers have created an unsettlingly believable world , part Blade Runner , part Gattaca , part Blade .
A bloody , fun start to the new year .
After taking such pains to establish a dying world , it 's a shame the Spierig brothers are so intent to kill it off .
Just when you thought it was safe to be a vampire , corrupt corporate politicians spoil the fun .
This clever twist on the vampire genre provides a much-needed , big-screen jolt of social satire and blood-drenched horror .
Interested in societal collapse - that is , when it 's not more interested in the super cool way these vampires explode when stabbed
Yeah , its another vampire film , but this one deals with the global end game instead of emo teen angst .
It 's nice to see real vampires again . Forget Team Edward and Team Jacob . Join Team Ethan !
A movie about too many vampires that only proves there are too many movies about vampires .
Surrounded by cannibalistic gore , Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe line up to drink some valuable box-office blood ... call it ` From Here to Vampurity ' .
Starring Ethan Hawke and Willem Dafoe , the movie , which was shot more than two years ago , is clever and gory enough to keep horror-seekers happy
Hawke gives his all here -- or maybe just half his all -- and it is n't quite enough : He 's trying to be soulful , but he really just looks a little tired . The real delight is Willem Dafoe .
A slick , bloody , fast-paced , and ultimately enjoyable B-movie .
For the lowbrow , the thrill is a level of fleshy explosiveness reminiscent of David Cronenberg 's Scanners . No one dies quietly ; he must either detonate like Hiroshima or burst into juicy red chunks of viscera .
A suspenseful , visually stylish and gory sci-fi thriller that 's simultaneously entertaining and provocative .
Unlike the current cinematic vampire milieu created for lovestruck teenagers , Daybreakers is fierce and scary and downright thrilling to look at .
-LSB- T -RSB- he perfect , ultimate , brilliant extrapolation of the vampire conceit ... intensely original ...
Daybreakers is more fun than foreboding ; it 's fright-lite , yet that 's par for the bloody course in these busy apocalyptic days .
The action sequences are well-executed ... and the concept is just interesting enough to carry the flimsy plot through its 98 minute running time .
The narrative may flag , but the doomsday atmosphere and George Liddleâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s production design remain vivid until the final , blood-splattered reel .
Clearly a cult hit in the making and horror fans should eat it up like a vampire with a fresh kill .
Robs the vampire of its supernatural bite ... All the blue filters and retro hairstyles in the world could n't save what , for me , was a pretty lifeless bloodsucker flick .
Writer-directors Michael and Peter Spierig equip this unpretentious , low-budget , high-functioning shocker with some sharp satirical teeth , and Dafoe has a ball behind his Manson goatee .
That subtlety makes the Spierig brothers satisfying directors of horror and Daybreakers a small golden nugget in the rocky wasteland of January 's movie releases .
Things would be real different if vampires ruled the world . Coffee would come spiked with hemoglobin , not half-and-half . Tooth-whitener ads would feature fangs . And the most compelling public-service announcement would be an hourly sunrise advisory .
Despite a few jumps in your seat and some hilarious explosions of body parts , I 've seen better special effects in a Nintendo DS video game and stronger plot lines on the back of a Count Chocula cereal box .
Too many logic holes and an uneven center doom what could have been a highlight of the recent vampire craze .
One of the best and most inventive vampire movies I have seen in a long time . Willem Dafoe rocks this ultra-violent film with great one-liners .
This stylish film at least has a sense of its own absurdity . While it plays everything dead straight , it also has a lot of fun with the rules of the genre .
An ambitious premise about a future world ruled by corporate vampires is explored with some intelligence , sly humour and blood-splattering brio by the Spierig brothers .
The foolhardy Spierigs spend so much time setting up Daybreakers for a sequel , or possibly a franchise , that they leave the movie itself mostly in disarray .
The movie falls apart as if someone in the production screamed out , `` Stop ! We forgot to blow stuff up ! Get the blood ! ''
The Spierigs make some nice metaphysical points and commission some spiffy design , but resort to less-than-blood-heat thriller moves in the final third . Still very watchable , though .
Even though I 'm pretty much vampired out these days , I appreciated the grossout thrills and the B-movie dialogue .
It 's a shame Australia 's Spierig Brothers opt to turn it into just any old noir-future chase movie - roughly Blade meets Minority Report , without the production flair .
It 's big and brash , but were it not for Weta 's visionary special effects work , there would be little to keep the blood pumping .
A gripping feature that is just as likely to provoke thought as it is fear .
Daybreakers is n't exactly good or bad , and that is the problem . The film could have broken the rules and expounded upon its initial ingenuity . It could have been about something . It 's not .
Daybreakers is an entertaining genre hybrid with functioning brain cells and , in its exciting finale , an original solution to solving its vampire epidemic .
A polished , intelligent , well-acted and darkly humourous vampire tale . Fangtastic .
Iffy plotting , squiffy dialogue and directorial indecision - is this po-faced science fiction or hokey horror ? - leave the film , like its protagonist , torn between two extremes .
With beautiful Blade Runner-style cityscapes , smartly conceived takes on the vampire mythos -LRB- sun-proofed cars and video mirrors -RRB- , inventively engineered shocks and copious blood loss , this is an engagingly skilful blend .
Daybreakers takes the undead in an entirely different direction , melding smart sci-fi with a timely political subtext .
The yearning to become human again adds emotional heft to the gory dystopian mayhem .
A stylish , grown-up vampire sci-fi with , literally , plenty of guts .
In the end , Daybreakers does n't really want to make anyone think too hard . If that were to happen , they might stop to wonder why all the human survivors out there hiding in fear of their lives do n't just become garlic farmers and call it a day .
Daybreakers has substance and smarts , plus lots of visual treats for the fanboys -- a mix to keep everybody happy .
Despite the Spierig brothers ' punchy visual style and satiric tone , Daybreakers eventually devolves , though Dafoe and his Southern drawl goose things up and Hawke has a greasy romanticism .
Hawke and Dafoe are both excellent and there 's strong support from a suitably sinister Sam Neill .
It is a happy alternative to the tepid appeal of pre-teen vamps and werewolves . But why make a vampire movie lacking the allure of the enticing fiends ?
There 's much here to feast upon , so chow down , gorehounds .
Daybreakers is one of the most purely pleasurable genre films of recent months .
Parental Content Review
Highbrows will condescend to this movie like nobody 's business . But there are a few of us left out there -- junkies for smart exploitation -- who will relish this stuff . You know who you are .
Though it borrows many of its ideas from older movies , the combination makes them seem fresh .
The average human body holds approximately 1.5 gallons of blood . Unless you 're someone in the film Daybreakers . Then you 're carrying closer to 47 gallons , 46 of which will end up splattered on a wall .
Daybreakers finally comes up with some comments on the predatory practices of Big Pharma , but that 's an awful comedown from the blood-rushing brilliance of the early scenes .
It ca n't be a good sign for a vampire movie when its most memorable trait is how desperate Chrysler 's product placement appears .
It 's undeniable fun to behold the likes of serious thespians Hawke and Dafoe slumming around in this cheeseball stuff .
OK , I surrender -- this is the age of the vampire and it 's best to go along for the ride .
the sleekness-as-decay mode is unoriginal but it works for most of the Spierigs ' film
Just when you think popular culture has exhausted all the metaphorical and allegorical possibilities , the film unifies all the usual tropes -LRB- bloodlust , heliophobia , fangs -RRB- into a complete science fiction whole .
The Spierigs get a lot of points for inventiveness , but their cleverly constructed , uncomfortably familiar world makes a deeper impression than much of what happens within it .
... while leaps and bounds better than -LSB- the Spierig 's -RSB- last , sucks the blood of too many other films and lacks logic when it does extend an original idea
While the setting is sleek and filled with clever details , the story , in which one good vampire teams with a scrappy band of free-range humans to fight the power , is timeworn and predictable .
It sounds so very good and yet , in the hands of the Spierig Brothers , it has all the life of a vampire 's -LRB- non -RRB- heartbeat
Peter and Michael Spierig 's earlier , campier horror outing , the zombie picture known as Undead , was even bloodier than this one . The movie-makers are after bigger game here , and a subtler mixture of speculative nightmare and action film .
A B-movie with pretensions to something more and the effort is worth a look for horror fans .
Daybreakers has some trouble with tone but overall it 's favorably comparable to well-regarded genre actioners like Blade or 30 Days of Night .
It 's a little bit silly -- as is Dafoe 's Kentucky-fried cowboy mechanic named Elvis -- but silly is fun . In fact , one wishes it were sillier still .
The Spierigs ' dusky noir has plenty of style , but the movie never develops beyond its intriguing setting , and the wildly uneven performances do nothing to draw you in .
This dystopian horror-thriller aspires to be a vampiric ` Children of Men ' , but it bears more similarity to a late-night Skinemax flick .
Although it falls apart as a thriller , Michael and Peter Spierig 's black-comic splatterfest sets up an ingenious metaphor for the current economic nightmare .
This intriguing premise , alas , ends as so many movies do these days , with fierce fights and bloodshed . Inevitably , the future of the planet will be settled among the handful of characters we 've met , and a lot of extras with machineguns .
I 'm as surprised as anyone , but this clever vampire movie from the Spierig Brothers proves the genre still has some bite left in it .
Daybreakers is n't a great film , but it 's a good one , and in a market oddly lousy with vampire tales , it 's an original .
It 's like Children of Men with exploding-plasma shock effects . The best thing you can say about the movie is that it pours some very old blood into a new plastic bottle .
Daybreakers reminds us that from Twilight to Underworld , True Blood to The Vampire Diaries , this is one genre where supply has utterly overwhelmed demand .
There 's a fascinating idea at the heart of Daybreakers , where a vampire plague has swept the world and everyone 's now a bloodsucker , but it does n't quite make for a fascinating film .
Wearisome `` Ai n't it cool ? '' video-game splatter-violence is all that 's memorable of the action , while a -LRB- mixed -RRB- metaphorical subtext of conservationism ca n't save a text that squanders its actors .
The Spierigs ' latest does n't do much to carve out a unique identity .
The script does n't wring many surprises or much character involvement from the premise , and the brothers ' helming , while slick , is short on scares , action setpieces and humor .
A clever twist on the vampire legend , delivers what genre fans crave and more .
There are more revisionist bloodsucker stories out there than you can shake a stake at nowadays , and they 're getting tiresome .
It 's a business-horror story of greed and market share ... You do n't have to look far -LRB- corporate global-warming deniers , anyone ? -RRB- to find a corollary in contemporary reality .
The pacing misses a few beats and the satire never pops , but `` Daybreakers '' comes as a welcome retort to the vampire bubblegum genre that horror fans have had to tolerate .
Even if the premise turns out to be juicier than the payoff , this sci-fi/horror thriller suggests the Spierig brothers ' future might be bright .
Ambitious , smart and unique , the film creates an entire world that is guaranteed to intrigue you and leave you wanting more .
A smarter and more refreshing take on the vampire genre than most of late , and a solid action flick in its own right .
Daybreakers offers a flawed but thoroughly enjoyable , happy-making trip .
`` Horror fans should be looking forward to this one . ''
While it 's far from perfect , Daybreakers is an incredibly fun movie . Loaded with talents actors , beautiful camerawork -LRB- a stunning slow-mo shot in the finale proves this -RRB- and buckets of blood , I ca n't recommend this enough .
... an exciting -LRB- albeit slightly uneven -RRB- addition to the vampire-movie canon .




@highlight

Though it arrives during an unfortunate glut of vampire movies , Daybreakers offers enough dark sci-fi thrills -- and enough of a unique twist on the genre -- to satisfy filmgoers .