Any ambience created in tandem by Lubezki and Malick repeatedly dissipates in the face of the plodding treatment of fascinating material .
The filmmakers are very wise to make this New World , and the people in it , seem untouched , immediate , and present . There may be a small amount of cultural foreboding , but it is heard distantly , like an echo of lamentation .
Great works , when they next-to-never come , are always accompanied by giggles .
Malick manages to do something I never thought possible , and that 's make America seem like a New World to begin with .
Discovery is a sensory experience by nature , and to lightly run one 's fingers through someone 's hair in The New World is to know them in some fundamental way .
It is about the dreams we have when we are awake but in a state of absolute peace and perfect self-reflection .
By now the familiar elements have begun to resemble a misguided perfume commercial . Call it Terrence Malick 's Obsession .
Not Malick 's best film , but more than up to his usual high standards , The New World is a powerful and emotional romantic drama , and an essential story in the history of America .
Makes you view the world with virgin eyes again
A rather boring , and often pretentious bit of romance that 's neither original nor memorable .
`` The New World '' is a movie that promises to leave its viewers with a bigger headache than you 'd get contemplating the current state of global affairs .
If I think I 'm mostly going to keep coming back to -LSB- the 172-minute -RSB- cut -LRB- and I do hope , someday soon , for a Mr. Arkadin-like 3-cuts comparative DVD set -RRB- it 's because it feels most fully realized .
... the romance of the three humans is secondary to the romance of the New World itself and all it symbolizes .
-LSB- Malick 's -RSB- characters must consider their lives , consider each other , and resolve the situation like adults . And when they do , a story that seemed to be irredeemably broken snaps back together .
An epic retelling of the Pocahontas story that , despite its flaws , leaves you slack-jawed with wonder at times .
The New World is a thing of wild beauty , untamed and feral yet luxurious , sumptuous and lavish all at the same time .
These whispered ruminations are beautifully written , but whose voice are we hearing ?
The Terrence Malick masterpiece I , for one , have been waiting for .
A two-and-a-half-hour cinematic mosaic meant by Malick more as a monument to himself than to the misrepresented maiden it presumes to memorialize .
A real work of art , a hearty meal in today 's cinematic fast-food culture .
ill be cheered by a relatively small , but educated and curious contingent of ticket buyers .
Unfortunately , when you try to bring everything together , it 's hard to tell what Malick is trying to get at .
Lazily reassuring , a dime-store haiku , and a master 's nadir .
A work of great intelligence , ambition and radiant beauty .
A film to be cherished .
Malick 's script reinforces some of the unlikely myths like Mataoaka 's romance with John Smith and Mataoaka dramatically risking her life to save Smith 's life . But like most Malick films it is also a finely painted portrait showing the smallness of man in
One thing you have to give Malick credit for : He certainly marches to a different drummer , even if it 's one that only he can hear , and he never meets an audience even halfway .
It 's a beautiful and difficult work of art .
Self-indulgent sludge dressed up as shimmering historical aesthetics -- and paced as briskly as a swim across the Atlantic .
There are so many mysteries in this film , and Malick 's greatest achievement was to suggest them without forcing answers on us .
From carefree nymph with long hair flying in the wind to corseted lady of restraint , Q'Orianka Kilcher 's Pocahontas appeals to the free spirit in all of us . But the film is strangely uninvolving .
Malick 's magic remains undiminished .
A melancholy revery of a time when nature provided a spiritual sustenance that could not be replaced by religious or social order .
... seamlessly combines lavishly mounted beauty with subtle emotional power .
For this and this alone Mallick should be applauded . His epic of an old world giving up and a new one taking over is n't a masterpiece . But it is different , daring to look at complex historical issues with intelligence and an unwaveringly piercing eye .
This stunningly beautiful film is mesmerizing to watch .
A poetic , fluid painting ...
-LSB- A -RSB- gorgeous , moving , messy and utterly unique visual poem .
Malick 's painterly images and meditative voiceovers are not for me the overwhelming force of nature they are for some , but I 'm willing to be swept along by them , if what they have to say is potent enough .
-LSB- Kilcher 's -RSB- transformation from an innocent in Eden to a stranger in a strange land and back again is a remarkable bit of largely nonverbal acting .
Not about the storytelling ; a tone poem that sounds gorgeous
A subtle and context-driven approach to historical filmmaking .
Malick 's typically unhurried and measured pace is wholly appropriate for The New World , which expresses the awe of discovery and re-invents no less than the popular myth of our country 's founding .
Compelling and prophetic .
This film is not so much an epic love story , as it is a poem paying tribute to the remarkable spirit of Pocahontas ...
The New World is a film to which you have to surrender to enjoy .
A profound , revealing , wonderful film about the meeting of two cultures and the shaping of a new one .
As beautiful as it is , Malick 's artful diorama makes for dire drama .
I can admire most of it , but I ca n't quite recommend it .
An instant classic .
Tedious , mesmerizing and ultimately quite moving ...
The main problem is that the film is just too inaccessible to the casual viewer ... It 's also marred by a pretentious voiceover and far too much tree-stroking in general .
... a film that flows like a great symphony , that sweeps you into its meditative current and guides you toward one epiphany after another .
It 's the discovery of a new world conveyed through a filmmaker 's distinctive way of seeing . Open to it , and it 's hypnotic .
There 's never even a whiff of corporate thought , demographics or the sense of a movie made by a committee -- merely writer-director Malick 's personal vision .
A beautiful and remarkable film about a beautiful and remarkable person .
There were a plethora of bad lines , but I do n't have enough room to list them all .
Evidently , Colin Farrell 's agent must think he 's destined to play famous historical figures on the big screen , and look credible in the process . I say he needs a new agent .
Admittedly slow moving but rapturous for history lovers enamored by the period when our beloved country held the promise of a fresh start .
... while it 's a big improvement on his previous effort , Malick seems like he 's still finding his bearings after that 20-year sabbatical .
Malick 's tranquil narrative is hopelessly ponderous and unravels in its tedious search for its adventurous niche . -LSB- Malick -RSB- should know how to motivate moviegoers beyond sparkling waterways and crisp blue skies .
Kilcher is great , and the film 's beautiful . But after the first five shots of still water disrupted by boots or boats , we get Malick 's point . By film 's end , it 's as untethered from its rapturous beginning as its lovers are from their cultures .
Although the erroneously inflected dialogue in the film is sparse , it makes up for it with visual ambition .
Terence Malik brings us a fresh look at `` The New World '' in a beautiful but overly long picture .
... there is just too little character and story to sustain the long middle section .
The only question Malick seems to offer here is how many people will actually sit through this two-and-a-half hour Calvin Klein ad .
Terrence Malick 's classical music video is certain to induce Zen-like trances in audiences everywhere .
The movie is frustrating , mainly because of Malick 's penchant for emphasizing style over substance . His self-indulgence detracts from what could have been an epic drama ...
Terrence Malick takes this well known story and weaves it into a visually stunning look at how the settlers and natives did -- and did not -- get along .
The New World is n't Terrence Malick 's best , but it 's guiding him in the right direction .
The New World laps over its audience like water on a deserted beach , moving so quietly that you almost do n't notice that it 's enveloped you .
The New World is pretty as a postcard .
Malick does n't so much tell a story as he does transport us to another time and place .
The New World is stately almost to the point of being static and thus has trouble finding a central story around which to arrange itself ; it 's not quite the thin dead line , but it 's close .
He -LSB- Malick -RSB- swoons for his own well-honed image as a painter of woodland idylls , a man who leaves no sway of wheat or ripple of water unmet by his fatherly gaze .
Through elliptical and seemingly oblique methods , he -LSB- Malick -RSB- forges moments of staggering emotional power .
A Terrence Malick movie -- only four features in 33 years -- is such a visual splurge that you feel the film and its coffee-table book have arrived in unison .
Ultimately , The New World defines true love as something more than desire , nostalgia , or sexual chemistry . It boldly condones a higher love characterized by selflessness and fidelity ...
Like the best music , this film elicits emotions rather than manipulates them .
For Terrence Malick , The New World is anything but -- it 's the same mix of nature photography , monologue and sudden violence we saw in The Thin Red Line .
Malick paints the celluloid like a canvas , filling it with rapturous images of wild America , its flowing fields of grass , rivers teeming with fish and the endless horizon of free land .
Malick 's artistry , which extends to a stoically slow score by James Horner , is far more assured than in Thin Red Line . He is , after all this time , truly back .
The New World could be dismissed as romantic hokum . However , Malick 's elegiac sensitivity to historic context and collateral circumstances turns you always hurt the one you love into an epitaph for the ages .
A Terence Malick film remains an event , but he appears awfully disoriented in The New World -- less a seasoned traveller than a perplexed tourist , content to mask his confusion by reaching for a camera and snapping relentless pretty pictures .
For all its splendor , The New World is really a love affair between Malick and his camera .
This is a willfully noncommercial film , a two-hour-plus tone poem on this country 's origins and original sin . As such it is often uplifting and occasionally exasperating . But it 's unlike anything else you 've seen .
The greatest failing of The New World is that it may dazzle our senses but it fails to involve us emotionally .
Fields of wind-blown grass , rippling inland waterways and the hum of nature are more important to Malick than dialogue and plot .
Malick is so content to tell the tale through mood that he neglects its meaning .
A movie that is at once prosaic and abstract , breathtakingly beautiful and excruciatingly obvious , compelling contemplative and deadly dull .
New World has some fine imagery , but it does n't transport us in the way The Thin Red Line did .
The New World is a poetic force at once wrenching and soothing .
If you abandon your popcorn-movie diet where everything barrels along at such a fast clip , you 'll discover a lovely and painstakingly detailed treasure , if one that is occasionally too inert for its own good .
Watching The New World is like watching a snail cross an eight-lane highway .
Malick has a gorgeous talent for capturing supernal landscapes , for conveying their sorrow , and it would be a loss if he stopped directing again at a time when Hollywood is more starved than ever before for the personal touch .
He -LSB- Terrence Malick -RSB- stubbornly refuses to make the narrative interesting or easily comprehensible .
Self-indulgent , gorgeous , maddening , grueling , ultimately transcendent , it 's a Terrence Malick movie all the way , and possibly the director 's most sustained work since 1972 's Badlands .
The movie , for all its beauty , is oddly inert .
Terence Malick makes films so rarely that his fans want every one to be a masterpiece . Alas , The New World falls far short of the mark .
Word has it that director Malick pulled the film from distribution right after Christmas in order to cut it down by 17 minutes . If only he had cut out the other 133 as well .
The movie screams , `` look at the pretty tall grass , look at the people frolicking in it , look at the pretty trees . '' I like trees , too , but I 'll go to the park to see them
The ponderous narrative lacks so much focus that it will likely leave most viewers squirming in their seats .
most audiences will be bored to tears by this pretty but pointless rehash of the Pocahontas legend .
Malick appears to consider this an epic tale , but beyond its 2-hour-plus length , the film never quite reaches the scale he 's after .
It 's haunting and cathartic : a grand romantic vision of two lovers caught in the grip of a Darwinian culture clash , played out with the precision and power of a Greek myth .
The movie 's gorgeous pictorialism draws us toward the shore , but Malick often leaves us marooned in the shoals , waiting for a story to arrive .
There 's a problem when the movie about the European conquest of America seems longer than the actual conquest itself .
It 's a fascinating conceit , this sticky idea that the complexities of the world are held in the walnut shell of Keats ' beauty is truth and truth , beauty .
It 's by no means the longest movie ever made , but it 's one of the longest movies ever made in which next to nothing ever happens and barely a word is spoken .
He -LSB- Terrence Malick -RSB- is a visionary , and this story requires one .
Malick is a filmmaker who understands the quiet power of the image .
The film , which is superb on every technical and design level , has both greatness and fuzzy-headedness in it .
The New World is more an ethereal cinematic tone poem than plot-driven story .
It was n't the Puritans -- it was beast that killed the beauty .
The New World carries the sense of discovery that comes with seeing a densely layered work of art for the first time , a work that speaks personally to one 's heart and mind .
Many have tried , but none can match Malick 's touch for shuffling a deck of elegiac images .
the cinematic equivalent of a tone poem with an emotional impact that works on more than the conscious level . This is history that is not just seen , but felt , and absorbed into one 's very soul
Only Terrence Malick could get away with this .
Never less than astounding visually , but it lacks the consistency in vision of Malick 's masterpieces .
Malick makes up his own cinematic language as he goes along -- a drifting , painterly eye-of-God perspective that discards boring narrative conventions . Savor this one , folks .
Saved by its intrepid character portrayals and an evocative sense of what-if ? that pervades one of history 's most enduring and storied love affairs .
It 's beautiful , and gloriously refreshing -- so unique , in fact , it 's hard to believe any studio actually gave him the money to craft such an unlikely achievement .
Malick 's screenplay seems intent on keeping all of these people at arm 's length , as if they were wax figures in a museum , separated from the public by thick glass cases .
Despite its sweeping natural backdrop and historical notoriety , ` The New World ' is really a small-scale , intimate romance .
The lack of sharply defined plot or characters will probably annoy mainstream filmgoers , but anyone looking for a thing of beauty will adore this .
You can call it art , I 'll just call it boring .
... a fever dream of the Pocahontas legend , a troubling , haunting poem of innocence tainted .
Malick relishes poetic imagery the way others devour plot and characters . This is lyrical , meditative and sumptuous but sleep-inducing , like `` Pocahontas '' minus the songs .
Despite Bale , Kilcher and Ferrell 's excellent performances , this thing is a bit of a dog .
Scene for radiant scene , shot for nary a wasted shot , The New World is the most artfully sculpted film in American cinema this year .
Malick has reimagined the popular American legend as an epic love story set across oceans and civilizations , a clash of nature versus industry in three parts .
Pretty much a mess -- a woozy , sometimes inspired but mostly infuriating piece far more interested in conveying mood than information .
After being terribly miscast and exceedingly uncomfortable as Alexander the Great , Farrell is perfectly at ease with the challenges of John Smith
Reconceiving Pocahontas and Smith as symbols of the noble savage and the man tragically stunted by civilization 's constraints is n't inherently truer than the legend .
The famously elusive filmmaker transforms the legendary story of Captain John Smith and Pocahontas into a poetic , ravishingly beautiful meditation on the collision of two cultures in 17th century Virginia .
All in all , it 's probably Malick 's least satisfying film of the four he has made .
The movie is verdantly lush , and full of the most marvelous landscapes and images . But there 's something missing here . And it 's the people .
Terrence Malick uses their heat and his own sensually overloaded love of landscape photography to make the unpleasant early days of American culture clash into the kind of erotic fantasy that 'll never be shown in a classroom .
Kilcher is pitch-perfect as the iconic Native-American , and the character 's slowly dwindling life essence is one of the most heartbreaking character arcs I 've seen this year .
Malick comes out with a movie about once every ten years , but I think I 've had about enough . You can keep him .
Is there a more frustrating living director than Terrence Malick ?
Reveries and fever dreams of early America -- Malick casts not for dry history but a psychic projection of spirit from beyond the centuries .
Malick is a writer-director of extraordinary vision who is like an endangered species .
This lavish coffee-table-book of a movie gradually reveals itself as an uninvolving , crashing bore .
Alludes not only to the discovery of physical land but also to the very nature of discovery itself .
Seeing The New World once was a valuable experience , but despite my full recommendation , I do n't have much interest in sitting through it again any time soon .
It 's the most inaccessable film I 've seen in a while , but is not without its merits . Emmanuel Lubezki should win a cinematography Oscar , but wo n't ... Brokeback will .
... a 2 1/2 hour film that makes you feel as if you have sat in the theater for the nine known years of Pocahontas 's life .
The New World is more mundane than Malick 's previous films , in part because the myth it takes on remains disturbingly intact .
If it were any more obtuse , The New World would be a flipbook where the moving picture was obscured by a thumb drawn over the stick figures .
Terrence Malick may not care much for people , but he never met a tree he did n't like .
That sound you 're about to hear is the cracking of spines as Terrence Malick enthusiasts like me bend over backward trying to cut The New World a break .
The New World is a work of breathtaking imagination , less a movie than a mode of transport , and in every sense a masterpiece .
A welcome act of artistic lunacy and a messy masterpiece that deserves a life well beyond the current awards season .
In Terrence Malick 's elegiac film , Pocahontas is a woman whose story has the reach of myth and the tragic dimension of life .
A movie that I can only assume he deliberately set out to make boring , a tedious trial of audience patience .
Thanks , Mr. Mallick , for 2 1/2 hours of pretentious wanking !
The New World is a movie less interested in expanding the boundaries of narrative cinema than in forsaking them .
The New World blows centuries of dust and schoolkid romanticism from the oft-mythologized tale of Pocahontas and the English settlers , relaying old news with an abundantly poetic and visually startling point of view .
By the end of The New World all I had were flashbacks to Mystery Science Theater as I hissed at the screen , Tom Servo style , `` End ! End ! ''
The movie is two and a half hours of paralyzing tedium .
As an epic , it 's monumentally slight .
It 's a worthy effort , and recommended viewing for those who have interest .
The lesson is as clear as rainwater : to the innocent eye , ripe for marvelling , every world is new .
One of the best movies of the year .
An unqualified masterwork ... -LSB- that -RSB- feels less like a manipulative man-made construction than like a piece of organically produced art .
The exquisiteness of The New World and how it reveals itself to its audience is flabbergasting ... like a heretofore unknown cave painting impeccably preserved except for a few spots here and there eroded by time and nature .
This is no breathless film fantasy ; its pulse is stately , contemplative . But anyone who has keen eyes and an open heart will surely go soaring and crashing with the lovers lost in Malick 's exotic , erotic new world .
Malick 's exalted visuals and isolated metaphysical epiphanies are ill-supported by a muddled , lurching narrative , resulting in a sprawling , unfocused account of an epochal historical moment .
Rapturously romantic and haunting .
Sumptuous photography and production design , stunning sound design and period recreation so convincing that it sometimes seems to have replicated an alien world are the added hallmarks of Malick 's method .
An evocative yet slow-moving exploration of the Pocahontas myth .
In Malick 's hands , Pocahontas ' story becomes a metaphoric seduction straight out of Nabokov .
Malick joins worlds old and new by combining harsh realities of human nature with mystical , hungry passion .
Features an endearing Native American heroine whose playful spirit and yearning for love takes her on a journey far beyond her wildest imaginings .
As visionary , poetic , and sumptuously mounted as his previous films , New World may be Malick 's most narrative-driven work , one with clear structure , fully fleshed characters , and extremely touching ending .






@highlight

Despite arresting visuals and strong lead performances , The New World suffers from an unfocused narrative that will challenge viewers ' attention spans over its 2 1/2 hours .