The Loft suffers from a terrible script , erratic direction that has no idea what to focus on , and some horrible acting , but at least it is able to justify its existence as trashy entertainment
This film is n't a guilty pleasure and it 's not a thriller . It 's just dumb .
The plotting gets too clever by half towards the end , but ... this remains a slick and stylish whodunit .
Plausibility is n't in the cards for this odious excuse for a thriller . This is all about sexy danger , for sociopathic , misogynistic values of ` sexy danger . '
Doubtless , the film 's biggest problem is that the five male leads are distinctly unlikable .
The problem with 9-Month Stretch is that is a movie is composed of good moments , but the uneven pace does n't help the audience to engage with the plot . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a common and ordinary thriller with a intelligent premise , but poor execution , wasted cast and late plot twists that are almost ridiculous . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The characters in ` The Loft ' are so despicable you wo n't care about what happens to any of them .
As so often in such locked-room whodunnits , the solution is both simple and complicated , and quite satisfying .
Talented cast is wasted in sleazy , violent erotic thriller .
Erotic thrillers are a time-tested genre , but this effort , scripted by Wesley Strick , is neither erotic nor thrilling .
Despite a strong , recognizable cast , The Loft comes off a sterile , second-rate thriller more suited for the direct-to-video route .
This new iteration proves such a dour hodgepodge of bad behavior , bald-faced misogyny and ping-ponging alliances , it 's more alienating than alluring .
The Loft is a film that ca n't decide what it wants . It 's a male fantasy , and a cautionary tale . It 's sleazy in concept , and timid in execution . It punishes its protagonists for their transgressions , then lets them off the hook .
There 's no redeeming this softcore nonsense , which plays like a script that Storage Wars stumbled across in Joe Eszterhas 's old locker .
The twisty plot translates to any culture where swinging-d -- businessmen cheat on their wives -- which is to say , any culture .
The most startling thing about it is that anyone thought this story needed telling a third time -- and not just one anyone , but a group of them had to come to this crackpot conclusion .
The Loft 's boorish leads are n't sensible enough to be worth caring about , making the film 's character-driven conclusion feel like a self-defeating cop-out .
Whodunit ? Even the filmmakers do n't seem quite sure . A waste of a perfectly good premise .
If you like movies that keep you in the dark until the reveal then this is a movie you want to see . Believe me , it is so much better than you think it is going to be .
Smug , cynical , sleazy and reasonably entertaining . The sort of disposable , high-end junk that can only belong to January - a psychosexual-thriller spin on `` The Hangover . '' When it comes to winking trash , there are crummier pads in which to crash .
Predictably , some items planted early in the film ... pop up in the third act with all the subtlety of a blast from Chekhov 's gun .
horrible and hackneyed
It really is a shame to see talented actors doing such a mind numbing and dull feature .
Hollywood adds to its trend of awful throwbacks to trashy '90s movies with `` The Loft . ''
The Loft is a prime example of a movie that does not trust the rather elegant simplicity of its premise .
There are so many flaws that it becomes impossible to ignore the bad and focus on the good elements .
The more we get to know this crew , the harder it is to care about any of them ; the men are all portrayed as lecherous horndogs , while the women are either shrews , ice queens or self-professed whores .
... offers so many shifty glances and shifting allegiances that it nearly qualifies as a tongue-in-cheek parody of the modern erotic thriller .
The amount of double-crosses , betrayals , red herrings , possible suspects , possible motives , twists , and turns becomes quite ludicrous . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Not so much a whodunit as a whocareswhodunit ... clear out a space on the ` Le Bad Cinema ' shelf for this turkey .
Dim , sleazy , and poorly made , the feature -LRB- which was shot in 2011 -RRB- comes across laughable at times , doing an alarmingly thorough job making decent actors look bad and heterosexuality look worse .
Whatever fun there might be in the guesswork is wiped away by the realization that Van Looy has made a puzzle for a puzzle 's sake , to no discernible thematic end .
The Loft is a tawdry , twisty little whodunit , populated by unpleasant people doing even more unpleasant things .
A shabby bore that promises viewers any number of kinky thrills and then proceeds to deflate those expectations .
Blah !
Dissipating with every turn of the screw and ending in an undeservedly too-nice , too-neat denouement , `` The Loft '' is akin to a hollow shell -- attractive on the outside , and empty where it counts .
Hitchcockian ? Hitchcopying . Stylishly inferior .
It 's as nasty as its heroes , and is n't competent enough to know it .

@highlight

Populated with characters as unpleasant as its sleazy storyline , The Loft is uninhabitable for all but the least demanding erotic thriller fans .