The gang is back , ready to rock Las Vegas for a wild wedding weekend in the often hilarious if always cliched sequel Think Like a Man Too .
This one , like its characters , takes too few risks .
All involved seem to have forgotten Mr. Harvey 's message .
Incessantly shrieky ...
-LSB- A -RSB- full-throttle assault on reason , taste and human dignity ...
Noisy claptrap devoid of all that is good about cinema .
A limp sequel seemingly devoid of any wit or invention .
Not surprisingly , gags about gambling and strippers ensue . Also not surprisingly , the lightweight laughs dissolve into eye-rolling melodrama .
Ultimately , despite a handful of fairly amusing moments , this is a disappointing comedy , suffering from a surfeit of characters . Still , at least it 's mercifully shorter than the first movie .
Pretends to be a post-racial couples ' night gone wild , but it 's chock-filled with retrograde gender stereotypes-when the camera 's not ogling Vegas . Also offers lazy mocking of foreign accents and a homophobic ` joke ' about a short-haired woman in a cell .
The sequel to Steve Harvey 's hit takes us to Las Vegas , with hilarious , yet predictable and overdone scenarios .
Fans will enjoy slightly less funny , still risque sequel .
As it stands , the flick is too good-natured and too clean to offer audiences anything more than a mild afternoon distraction .
A pleasant , if predictable , diversion peppered with incessant chatter on the part of the irrepressible Kevin Hart .
What attracted audiences to seeing a film about couples and their relationships with the first film may want to avoid a sequel that has less humor , romance and any substance .
The raucous highlight : a lip-sync video for Bell Biv Devoe 's `` Poison '' performed by the women . It drops down into the middle of the film like a grenade that explodes too soon , and it makes everything that comes after ... seem like rote tidying up .
An amusing matinée or rental at best , Think Like a Man Too rests on its laurels - and , as a result , pales in comparison to its much funnier predecessor .
You want eye-rolling moments ? This movie will detach your corneas .
Think Like A Man Too is too bright and artificial to feel risqué .
It has some very funny moments , and a few touching ones as well . Sure , it gets corny at times , but overall , it 's a very entertaining movie that can appeal to a broad audience .
Tish 's original plan to stay in her hotel room and watch TV alone with a glass of wine is n't the worst idea I 've heard .
Kevin Hart 's Cedric steamrolls over everyone else with his motor-mouth tirades and physical antics . He 's Roger Rabbit unleashed on the set of Dr. Phil .
Staggering in its efficiency , admirable in its insistence that the women deserve as much screen time as the men , and awe-inspiring as a vehicle of romantic and even career reassurance for moviegoers ...
Dark and darkly funny celebration of music 's power to transform us . GOODFELLAS meets DREAMGIRLS .
Hart has to deliver a spectacular highlight every time he touches the ball for this movie to have any chance , and as a result , he takes some ill-advised shots .
What happens in Vegas has grown stale , and should absolutely stay there , and not be distributed in movie form .
Think Like a Man , Too is mostly uninspired and insipid , but it rallies , and builds up enough comic steam by the end that you might find yourself amused .
The directionless script wanders all over the Vegas strip without ever establishing stakes worth caring about .
We 're still being fed ensemble movies with a dozen good actors that do n't let them do enough .
Trots out standard romantic-comedy characters and situations .
Freed from its ties to the source material - the first film was inspired by a Steve Harvey self-help book - Think Like a Man Too borrows liberally but in a definite PG-13 fashion from The Hangover , hitting on every required Vegas touchstone .
If the first movie was an irritating , poorly managed tale of people in love , Think Like a Man Too is straight-up obnoxious .
Hart 's shtick - he talks smack , his challenger reacts , he tries to hide - is already beginning to show signs of almost being tired , or at least in need of a change-up .
... lazy and uninspired and , worst of all , displays a certain contempt for -LSB- the -RSB- audience
To the cast 's credit , the film is still a lot of fun , even if it 's lacking much of the depth that made the original such a hit .
Think Like a Man Too , a sequel that , if we were to use a relationship metaphor , is like a really bad rebound date .
Not even the tightly wound energy of Kevin Hart can help it from feeling half-baked , through and through . This is n't a movie so much as it is a studio cash-grab .
Kevin Hart screams a lot .
The whole thing feels like it was a vacation for the huge cast . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The cast is clearly just here to have a good time , and the audience will , too .
It 's intermittently fun , and funny , but after a while it 's just so much swinging back and forth . We get it . You 're up . You 're down . You 're back up again .
Everything about this film smacks of laziness .
Been there . Done that .
This is the sort of film that only makes sense as a rental - with , perhaps , a couple of friends , and a very generously mixed pitcher of margaritas .
The nearly complete lack of laughs in Think Like a Man Too is reason enough to suggest that this production filmed in Las Vegas should have stayed in Las Vegas .
When it comes to wisdom about marriage - well , as Henny Youngman might have said , `` Take this movie . Please . ''
Things turn loud and desperate and stay that way , and the moral seems to be : Whatever you do , do n't act like a man , because that means unjustified bravado , whoop-it-up antics and adolescent humor .
-LSB- T -RSB- he sequel is n't an advertisement . This is a legitimate movie ; it is also a legitimately bad one .
It 's tamer than you would expect - and hope .
Hart hits such adrenaline-fueled extremes it 's exhausting .
That this retrograde `` straight talk '' somehow managed to emerge on screen as a reasonably genial ensemble comedy speaks to the strength of its performers .
`` Think Like a Man Too '' ultimately rests on the charm of its cast , an appealing mix of 30 - and 40-somethings . Had this been a batch of 20-year-olds , the movie might have come across more crass , more frat party .
As bland and anonymous in practice as it is on paper .
Genuinely hilarious
The only reason I 'd Think again is the return of Kevin Hart , who mines comic gold out of sloppy seconds .
True , the stereotypes remain in `` Think Like a Man Too , '' but the actors get a chance to bring them to life , and I even found myself warming to , or at least occasionally laughing at , Hart 's relentlessly clownish shtick .
It 's everything the first movie was n't : noisy , clumsy and derivative .
Even though all the Steve Harvey stuff has been completely jettisoned , it 's not as funny as the first
Little more than another recycling of ` The Hangover ' ... loud , abrasive , frenetic and singularly unfunny .
It 's amateurish but gleeful . The zoom-zoom pacing and all-in performances make sure the jokes do n't fall on dead air .
Think Like a Man Too might have been more accurately titled `` Think Like the Most Hackneyed Rom-com Team Around . ''
`` Think Like a Man Too '' is even less substantial than the original , but funnier in a manic , glitzy way befitting its Vegas setting .
Unlike How to Train Your Dragon 2 , which gives us characters older , wiser , and more experienced than they were in the previous movie , Too pretty much reprises all the conflicts from last time .
A gathering of a large group of friends can be energetically fun or crazy loud . `` Think Like a Man Too '' is thankfully more the first of those , though it 's not afraid to be the second one either .
Squanders the talents of its talented cast and is bound to test the patience of more discriminating audiences .
It settles for waving its arms , making noise and pointing out that change unsettles all of us , men and women .
The film keeps many of the same parts of the first one 's winning formula , beginning with Hart himself .
Although funnier and mercifully shorter than its 2002 predecessor , this latest collaboration between director Tim Story and comedian Kevin Hart is a formulaic and exhausting experience .
There 's nothing surprising about `` Think Like a Man Too , '' but that predictability may well ensure its success with the audience that made the original such a huge hit .
The way this comedy has been edited by Peter S. Elliot , presumably at the urging of director Tim Story , the shots barely hold themselves for two or three seconds before slam-cutting away to a pushy reaction shot .
These sequences make it apparent that Story , despite his last name , would really rather just be shooting home movies of his attractive friends goofing around
Tim Story 's film wears you down until you relent and say , yes , I like these people and it 's fun to watch them all have such a good time .
Here 's hoping TLAM 3 , if there is one , remembers what the T stands for .
There 's an overly familiar feel to all of it . We have been here before .
Ditches the bizarre cult-of-personality trappings of the original , leaving only the blandest of ensemble relationship comedies .
An improvement only in that it does n't feature a single reference to -LSB- Steve -RSB- Harvey 's book .
... a more frantic , less funny reunion pic that proves whatever happens in Vegas will happen in just about every movie set there .
It 's the PG-13 version of `` The Hangover , '' and more than anything , that 's just boring .
If `` Think Like a Man Too '' was a man , he would be the world 's worst date : humorless , shrill , speaking primarily in clichés -LRB- `` what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas ! '' -RRB- and absolutely terrified of women .
The same . Only worse .
What happens in Vegas happens a lot in movies . Think Like a Man Too goes to the same casinos , strip clubs and pleasure pools with a fistful of jokers and an ace up its sleeve , the irrepressible Kevin Hart .

@highlight

Think Like a Man Too reunites its predecessor 's talented cast , but fails to take their characters in new or interesting directions .