It is nice just to sit back and let the day-glo colours wash over you , marvelling at the high-spirited energy .
If the story were as captivating as the color palette , we 'd all be crying tears for the Black Tiger .
Tears of the Black Tiger ultimately works best as an exercise in cinematic style , making it not only a quirky little nostalgia trip but a noteworthy cult flick worth checking out .
Has lots of pop energy and an admirable poker-face when it comes to its Douglas Sirk-ian storyline . And even though it 's essentially a Frankenstein 's monster stitched together from a zillion other movies , you really have n't seen anything like it .
Tears of the Black Tiger is like a fever dream dripping with overripe romantic melodrama . Imagine Douglas Sirk directing a spaghetti western .
The movie is a riot of tropical turquoise , magenta and pink , spiced with marigold , red and green . You 'd swear it was drenched in a tangy tamarind sauce
The movie is fun to watch , with an attractive cast .
Delirious and oddball at once , it 's like a plate of meringues -- delicious at first , but soon everything tastes the same , and after a while you get sick .
Camp out with Tears , a hoot , and your tent will be wet only from tears of laughter .
The movie is a long time coming , but the wait for the self-absorbed film to end seems even longer . Maybe the Black Tiger 's tears are of frustration .
You 've never seen and never will see anything quite like Tears of the Black Tiger .
The early scenes are interesting and enjoyable . And then the novelty wears off , but the film does n't end .
It 's safe to say you 've never seen a film like this before .
Who knows ... you just might love it .
An enjoyably energetic genre romp .
A garishly colored pastiche of classic Thai movie genres that draws liberally on both American and Hong Kong influences .
A parody of and winking homage to the history of Thai melodrama , Wisit Sasanatieng 's uproarious filmmaking debut exuberantly combines pop and kitsch with a wholesome belief in the thrills of bad art .
... this pop-art confection both spoofs and celebrates the crazy conventions of movie melodramas and genre cinema with pure affection .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Sasanatieng engages the viewer 's emotions fully in the squaring away of the eternal triangle , involving young people who emerge as three-dimensional individuals even though they are archetypal .
... more dazzling and more fun than anything else that 's opened in this rapidly aging year .
The goofing begins to wear thin by the end of Tears ' two hours , but even its excessive length is of a piece with the movie , which takes over-the-top to a new level of overness .
The result is something so old it 's new , so corny it 's funny . And while Tears of the Black Tiger is nothing more than entertaining , at least it 's that .
Inspires the same happy , incredulous feeling as when Jackie Chan first bent the laws of nature or Chow Yun-Fat introduced the two-gun two-step .
... like Gone With the Wind in DayGlo .
Despite its layers of references and patina of kitsch , the movie is sincere at its core , inspiring indulgence of its tinted-sepia flashbacks of childhood meet cutes and its over-the-top , mustache-twirling rival -LRB- Kitsuwon -RRB- .
It 's watchable , but eventually wears you down with its over-the-top cleverness .
For at least half its length , it 's quite unlike anything else you 've seen .
What should be a zippy , good-natured parody of genre elements instead becomes a labored , almost oppressively stylized cinematic pastiche that 's only sporadically engaging .
Sometimes , if a director deliberately makes a horrible movie , it 's acclaimed as genius .
What the story lacks in snap , it makes up for in sincerity . -LSB- The film 's -RSB- melodrama is so poker-faced and its gore so explicit -LRB- if phony-looking -RRB- that it 's hard to tell whether you 're dealing with the Thai Todd Haynes or the Thai Sam Peckinpah .
Mostly this is the kind of relentlessly postmodern `` fun '' best served in small portions , and preferably on dessert plates .
A delirious fever dream of pulp-western conventions by way of 1950s Hollywood melodrama .
What makes Tears a must-see are its day-glo colors , stylized gunfights , music that sounds as if Ennio Morricone had written it for one of Leone 's spaghetti Westerns , and hyperbolic dialogue .
Director Wisit Sasanatieng uses every trick imaginable to create surreal postmodern nostalgia . Has he wound up with pure camp , or a cult classic ? As he clearly understands , the best B-movies are both .
Black Tiger is dreamy-eyed nostalgia with all the tacky dubbing , ridiculous outfits , and blown-out violence that affords it .
The uncut Tears of the Black Tiger is more powerful than the cut version , not least for the way it shows that -LSB- director Wisit -RSB- Sasanatieng , even amid all the craziness , takes care to tie up even the loopiest plot details .
There may be crazier movies than this Thai cowboy melodrama of betrayal and forbidden love , but I ca n't think of one that is quite so mad about its own craziness .
Goodness knows there are enough winking genre references in Tears of the Black Tiger to fill an encyclopedia of film , but does anyone care , short of self-congratulating movie critics ?
Good looks and a wealth of allusions only get you so far .
By turns silly and overwrought , the film is too good-natured to dislike , but too flimsy to take seriously .
Nothing is too crazed , corny or freakishly florid for Tears of the Black Tiger . Together with cinematographer Nattawut Kittikhun , Sasanatieng dyed his images through digital postproduction , pushing colors to impossible hues of eccentric radiance .
Represents an adventurous attempt to lampoon cowboy movies while simultaneously paying tribute to them .
It 's no buried postmodern masterpiece , but it certainly is a jaw-dropper : a delirium-inducing crash course in international trash .
Tears of the Black Tiger is at the same time serious parody and loving tribute , the sincerest flattery .
The cotton-candy colors threaten a diabetic attack but thereare good action sequences and good-natured performances .
Wonderfully shot in an oh-so-bright colour scheme and laced with a delightful sense of humour , the tale of gunslinger Dum and his childhood sweetheart Rumpoey is a joy .
The film has an atmosphere of hallucinatory unreality as well as some choice parodies of its cowboy ancestors .
Wisit 's amazing film goes so far beyond kitsch that it enters Powell and Pressburger territory .
An oddity , all right : you may find it of interest once . I doubt if you 'll want to see its like again .
Gives you some idea of what would happen if Ang Lee and John Woo were asked to make a cartoon together .
While I admire the cleverness of its mockery , and suspect it will gain some genuine cult status , it feels like a hollow exercise in style and a joke that goes on for far too long .
When pastiche is assembled with as much excitement as it is here , it gains distinct energy of its own .
After the novelty wears off , the lack of depth grows irritating ; it 's like watching a feature-length soft-drink commercial . I 've rarely seen a movie where so much gory violence has so little emotional impact .
Colourful , violent and extremely bizarre Thai western that 's unlike anything you 've ever seen before .
Whether this period setting carries any significance would require more contextualisation than I can offer .
All in all a thoroughly enjoyable romp with echoes of familiarity ... and yet unlike anything you 've ever seen or are likely to see again .
A deliberately laboured plot is offset by some fascinating action sequences .
It 's got a weird charm , but it needs a loudly enthusiastic audience to keep it galloping along .
Yes , it 's quite a mix , but the result is a mongrel many will adore .




@highlight

With a vibrant pastel color scheme and stylized action sequences , Tears of the Black Tiger is a bizarre , yet thoroughly entertaining Thai western .