A perfectly-realized vision : from the sound design to the acting to the direction . For a first film , I was astounded .
`` Me and You '' has a refreshingly unhysterical -LRB- but sometimes hysterically funny -RRB- take on what it 's like for kids to grow up in a world of Internet sex , broken families and precocious sexual curiosity .
July 's suspiciously contrived awkwardness notwithstanding , the picture is at its best when it cleaves to her experimental video aesthetic ; framing the mundane with the wonder of a child-like perspective .
Much of this is far too precious - it 's mostly for adults who impulsively put socks on their ears , as a character does here .
This wobbly low fidelity romantic comedy is filled with distinctly unlikable characters and an unsubstantiated use of child sexuality that further clouds the film 's morally rudderless course .
breaks through its own whimsical stylisation to touch you in unexpected and mysterious ways .
A clever screenwriter and inspired director , July takes us places no other filmmaker has ever visited .
Precious with a capital ` P. '
Micro budget , no-name cast , but a movie with boundless imagination .
Me and You and Everyone We Know is as unexpected as life itself .
With a film like Me and You and Everyone We Know there is much to talk about afterward , and half the fun is in its dissection .
In a time in which the big screen is cluttered with retreads of old TV shows ... July 's film is an oasis of offbeat observations and provocative humor .
A journey from sexual innocence to youthful curiosity , middle-aged disconnection and finally death in the magical simultaneity of screen time .
Life-affirming ; a wonderfully serene treat of a film that you 'd be sorry to miss .
The uneven romantic drama veers from raunchy comedy situations to making keen observations about desperate folks .
An extremely enjoyable film that is by turns funny , moving and genuinely romantic .
July 's tender , original movie is a wonderfully uplifting experience .
Click with it and there are elements to enjoy , but the title suggests a universal significance the film ca n't supply .
A terrarium of a movie , characterized by many charmed moments ...
a symptom of a gently transgressive spirit , a souvenir of an encounter with a playful spook .
The writer-director-star is so aggressively ` alternative ' that she 'll have the Gyllenhaals diving for cover , however her peculiar handle on humanity proves quite engaging .
It seems quite possible that Me and You marks the arrival of an artist who may affect -- disturbingly yet helpfully -- films and audiences to come .
A charmingly odd movie about the adventure life has to offer , even in the form of department stores , hope chests and goldfish .
If Todd Solondz were a humanist , he might make something like performance artist Miranda July 's winning debut feature film .
... July is playing on very dangerous ground here , making potential child molestation into comic plot points .
Here 's a perfectly twee little romance all but smothered in a blanket of indie ` edge . '
This is the good stuff you wade through years of outwardly similar dross to get to -- though its distinctiveness is n't immediately apparent .
It 's an oddly affecting piece that manages to say something about isolation and loneliness in its own peculiar way .
These characters are sympathetic .
A film brimming with unexpected moments , bristling with creative energy and filled with humanity and compassion .
So pure in its commitment to the world it has created , so fascinated by its bizarre characters and their idiosyncrasies and so wide-eyed and curious about life 's possibilities that it is utterly unlike the work of any other filmmaker .
An intriguing piece of humanistic cinema .
July is without a doubt a brave new talent in the creatively beleaguered world of American cinema .
For me and almost everyone I know , July 's wispy film will only be a quirky diversion .
A movie that 's sweet without being sugary and quirky without being insufferable .
A film that may take more than one viewing for its offbeat brilliance and tender sweetness to become fully apparent .
Performance artist Miranda July has long trafficked in short pieces , and it shows : Her feature-length debut is packed with arresting images , moments , and single lines of dialogue .
July , who also wrote the script , is a keenly observant filmmaker .
It 's a sturdy piece of writing wed to an utterly unique visual style .
Frequently too sentimental and self-consciously adorable for my taste .
July , who is staggeringly beautiful in a way that has more to do with Greek mythology than it does pop culture , has also sculpted a debut feature of astonishing , exquisite grace .
Easily the year 's most imaginative movie .
A film of indescribable and often unmentionable charm , Me and You and Everyone We Know is one of those completely unexpected artistic experiences , a work from an unknown with such a compelling , unique perspective that it boggles and inspires .
First-time feature director July 's success has a great deal to do with her bold embrace of childhood and its gnarly truths .
It 's funny , insightful , and makes you want to call up Miranda and say , ` Macaroni ' -LRB- which means ` I get you ' -RRB- .
Director Miranda July just might be the year 's most exciting film discovery .
Good builds , bad follow-throughs .
A comedy/drama that is unusually attuned to the halting , tentative way people connect with each other .
Although Me and You and Everyone We Know requires patience on the part of the viewer -- to get past the faux naivete of its grown-up characters , to get past its deadpan arty tone -- Miranda July 's feature debut is worth the time .
July is a delightful discovery , as both a filmmaker and a performer .
One leaves the theater grateful to have shared the time with these characters on-screen , but hoping we wo n't meet them in the lobby .
A film that bubbles with unique thought , trembling pain and immersive conversation .
-LSB- T -RSB- ruly art : uncomfortable in the incisiveness of -LSB- its -RSB- observations , aggressively attuned to the ordinary ...
An original , elusive , heartfelt , funny-sad little movie that does n't intend to change the world but kinda does .
Establishes a fragile tension that 's both disquieting and hopeful but its poetic nature is abstract in the extreme .
The debut film from performance art crossover Miranda July delivers an unlikely blend of irreverence and optimism . For all its dark humor and fringe qualities , the movie never descends into easy misanthropy .
Walks a thin line between sincerity and pretension , but ultimately deals with enough issues head-on to make the occassionally excessive quirkiness forgivable .
Generally maintains a lovely humanism .
The sparks of brilliance littered throughout Miranda July 's debut feature are just that -- sparks .
It helps a great deal that the wispy , flower-like Miranda July appears in her own film , as her adorable , blue-eyed presence warms what would have been a cold ... experience .
Delightfully light on its feet , suffused with a knowing humor that is more sweetly careworn than cynical .
July 's oddball vision grows on you , and I found myself looking forward to her next film .
Totally original yet filled with familiar human frailties , Everyone leaps off the screen to become one of those rare movie-going experiences that linger in the part of the brain reserved for celluloid memories .
In her roles as writer , director and star , July brings to the project a freshness of vision and tone that makes it feel as if nobody has done this sort of thing before .
Refreshingly weird romance .
Set in a down-at-the-heels suburb that might be called Anywhere , America , the movie looks for connection in the oddest places , and , with an emotional impact out of all proportion to its gossamer touch , finds it .
... a playfully offbeat , willfully wide-eyed tale of lonely , inarticulate people looking for connection in a disconnected world .
Hums with compassion for its outlandish , lonely but always sweet characters .
July 's fertile imagination fills -LSB- the film -RSB- with incidents , many of which are charming and perceptive , some of which fall embarassingly flat .
An introspective , observant film with a deeply warped sense of humour .
Me and You and Everyone We Know brings a fresh perspective to age-old human dilemmas : the longing of children to become adults , the yearning of adults to recapture the innocence of youth , and the difficulty of finding true love at age 7 or 70 .
July 's tender view of these characters borders on the sentimental .
A strangely affecting and often very funny meditation on modern-day alienation .
The dialogue is so contrived , the characters so self-consciously quirky that Me and You often feels like a parody of an indie movie .
You laugh now and then , but mostly you smile -- at the simple connections people make , at the guileless screenplay , at the general tone of wonderment and love for mankind .
Gorgeously loopy .
Very personal , very funny vision of performance artist Miranda July .
Miranda July 's Me and You and Everyone We Know is a film that with quiet confidence creates a fragile magic .
A wonderful film
Not just creepy and unsavory at such moments , but pleased to be so .
The picture is a fantastical , idiosyncratic and highly original foray into the thoughts and minds of an outstandingly disparate lineup of individuals both young and old , and as such is unlike anything else I 've come across this year .
Just as its calculated , self-conscious quirkiness threatens to become unbearable , the film suddenly pulls off a perfectly calibrated grace note so unexpected that it 's almost breathtaking .
How bearable you 'll find -LSB- the film -RSB- has everything to do with your tolerance for stylized indie poetry , played mostly in a quirky , anesthetized deadpan .
An effortlessly feel-good movie .
A vanity project by a moderately talented artist that has moments of real brilliance in it .
Takes a couple of neat swipes at the pretentiousness of the art scene , but as a commentary on the difficulty of connecting in contemporary society , it 's too precious by half .
proudly quirky and optimistic
A graceful first step in what is sure to be a long and wonderfully imaginative evolution .
Commercially , this IFC release is better suited for the IFC Channel .
The acting is marvelous , all the way down the line .
While Miranda July 's first feature film might be classified as romantic comedy , it introduces the playful qualities of installation art to the conventions of narrative cinema .
Many other characters also weave in and out of the story , which is sometimes sweet and ingenious , extremely explicit about adolescent sex . and occasionally too clever for its own good .
A refreshingly original and touching film about the incredible loneliness of isolated individuals in this digital age of so-called connectedness .
July 's handmade movie is so unique and so true to the artist 's elementally feminine self , both in form and in content -LRB- it also picked up a batch of awards at Cannes -RRB- , that it 's impossible not to respond strongly to it .
So strangely charming that you ca n't help but warm up to -LSB- Miranda July 's -RSB- wonderfully odd view of the world ...
The film conjures a heightened reality where characters verbalize their thoughts , desires , and impulses without submitting them to the usual filters first ; July takes in their foibles unblinkingly and folds them into an awkward , heartfelt embrace .
As in The Center of the World , July 's focus is on people 's deformed longing for human connection .
Truly independent , which is to say offbeat , daring , and the kind of offering Hollywood will never come close to embracing .
At times funny , sinister , quirky and bittersweet , July 's film is also obvious , contrived and too precious by far .
Performance artist Miranda July hits a grand slam as the writer , director and star of her first film .
that rare first-time gem that does everything remarkably well
Exceptionally Solondz-esque ; incredibly impressive .
Characterized by an ensemble of rich and delicious characters and witty , unexpected dialogue , July 's script is also marked by a deep affection for children .
There 's a spell of magic and sense of wonderment in Miranda July 's `` Me and You , '' the most original , charming , and visionary film at Sundance this year .
Me and You and Everyone We Know brings a fresh perspective to age-old human dilemmas : the longing of children to become adults , the yearning of adults to recapture the innocence of youth , and the difficulty of finding true love at age 7 or 70 .
This first feature by multimedia performance artist Miranda July is a hit-and-miss affair . It has moments of unexpected , offbeat comedy , but most of the time neither the characters nor the situations engage the viewer .
Me and You and Everyone We Know is a real treasure in the guise of yet another Sundance dramedy -LRB- dare I say romantic comedy ? -RRB- about quirky characters populating a quirky world .









@highlight

Miranda July 's debut feature is a charmingly offbeat and observant film about people looking for love .