It 's a guilty pleasure , but it 's definitely a pleasure .
As we get to know the characters , it becomes clear that something deeper is going on .
Perhaps the biggest surprise comes from the fact that Soderbergh and his cast make the brothers sympathetic , rather than merely treating them with condescension . Tatum and Driver portray Jimmy and Clyde with an underlying sense of dignity .
Soderbergh has made an indie movie the way he wanted to , on his terms , and the result shows the success of this method .
There is no doubting that Logan Lucky has a big heart and tries its hardest to be endearing , but it falls a couple of rednecks short of a Lynyrd Skynyrd concert .
With a quartet of committed and super-fun performances from Channing Tatum , Adam Driver , Riley Keough , and Daniel Craig , it 's tough not to be incredibly thankful to have Steven Soderbergh back doing his thing .
Logan Lucky shows Soderbergh operating modestly with optimum skill .
The film has a comfortable shaggy feel , even as it unspools a fairly tight heist .
... the folksy , loping , rural Southern answer to the snappy , swinging , showbiz flair of Soderbergh 's Ocean 's 11 and sequels .
Logan Lucky is a rarity on multiple levels , just as remarkable as what the film comes to call `` the Hillbilly Heist . ''
The Logan family may have had a curse on them , but this winning outing from returning director Steven Soderbergh has lifted it ; Logan Lucky is one madcap heist flick that ranks up there with the best of them .
The film is a breezy , undemanding romp , a nice respite from what 's in theaters now .
The auteur who was smart enough to rethink the classic heist movie has returned with a turbocharged gasser , Logan Lucky , that once again puts him in the pole position .
... a very funny heist caper .
Only Craig 's turn really leaves an impression , and you 're left with the feeling that , for all its brio , Logan Lucky does n't amount to a hill of beans , as they say in those parts .
... -LSB- Steven Soderbergh -RSB- is back in Hollywood with Logan Lucky , one of the best films of his career ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like all his film 's , this one has a homebrew flavour of Soderbergh 's backyard of anti-studio film development . That makes it both fresh and fantastic .
This is a fun film . These characters are n't the sharpest tools in the shed and they make a few mistakes along the way .
Logan Lucky follows the classic structure of the Heist Movies ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if it does n't raise the stakes of the genre , there 's enough potential to turn this funny and smartly written caper into another entertaining Soderbergh franchise .
You 'll certainly find bracingly funny moments scattered throughout an amusing tale that benefits with the sprightly insouciance adopted by a filmmaker who has nothing to prove .
Soderbergh has returned in top form to prescribe an entertaining and very enjoyable exhibition of himself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Logan Lucky is a fun heist flick with a satisfyingly smart twist , too , full of great performances and deadpan humor and it will eventually find an audience , even if it 's not a box office smash . Movies this fun and well-made always do .
Welcome back , Steven .
... the redneck answer to Ocean 's Eleven -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , as suggested one of the many winks of the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... is lively , cunning and witty . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A hilarious and crazy parody that takes its raw material very seriously and moves between the ridiculously sublime to give the spectator memorable moments . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While Logan Lucky falls strictly into the category of popcorn entertainment , that does n't make it any less worthy of praise .
Not so much a slow burner as a damp squib .
It is the cleanest heist film I have ever seen .
... Logan Lucky is dazzlingly entertaining , while its surprising core ultimately gives way to an impact that is much more profound and poignant than you expect it to be .
Logan Lucky is sensational , the fact it stole my heart away with seemingly so little effort whatsoever the greatest heist of them all .
A clever , goofy and a thoroughly entertaining ride .
Logan Lucky is delightful entertainment .
Soderbergh raises clumsy and absurd moments to keep the mood , wrapped in country-style musical atmospheres like John Denver and Creedence Clearwater Revival . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A flighty shrimp and grits caper that willfully evokes the best - and a little of the worst - of -LSB- Soderbergh 's -RSB- billion dollar-grossing -LSB- Ocean 's -RSB- trilogy .
Need escape ? Logan Lucky is for you .
Logan Lucky is intelligent comedy presented through absolute stupidity , and I feel lucky to have watched it .
One of the most pure fun times I 've had at the movies this year .
Directed by Steven Soderberg , the film is intended as a backhander to the director 's own Ocean 's 11 trilogy , which were all glossy , hi-tech , largely unfunny and totally lacking in ideas . Logan Lucky certainly provides an entertaining counter punch .
... Logan Lucky speeds and cruises like the freshest Ford Mustang . It shifts and drifts without any sign of choking .
Logan Lucky is emblematic of the classic 1980s Hollywood blockbuster : it is great fun while it lasts , but you will forget it soon after .
-LSB- Logan Lucky -RSB- is packed with deadpan humour , speedway action and a myriad twists .
Stylish but shallow , this could be the director 's next franchise , along with Eleven and Magic Mike .
Nah ...
... the movie , despite its raft of appealing attributes , comes off as a forgettable caper that could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been so much better .
If nothing else , see the film for Craig 's portrayal of pure larcenous joy . It is a thing of beauty , as white hot as his livid blue eyes .
Come for the zippy comedy about ordinary people mastering their own destinies . Stay for the entertaining filmmaking masterclass .
A singular film-maker returns from a cinematic sabbatical in qualified triumph . We 're lucky to have him .
What could go wrong ? Rather a lot and the most enjoyable parts of . Soderbergh 's smartly written film involve the negotiations and shared worries of the amateurish but thoroughly lovable gang .
He 's made great movies in both categories , but with Logan Lucky , Soderbergh the studio-movie entertainer and Soderbergh the clinical , experimental stylist fully merge .
Logan Lucky hums and purrs along like an Xfinity Ford Mustang , although , once the smoke clears , you may find yourself wondering if you 've been watching a film about anything .
Soderbergh films the movie with swing , relishing the overlapping and intertwining strands of the complex plot , the brightly lit personalities of the characters it involves , and the magnificently conceived , essential tiny details ...
Though the prison break and heist scenes are slickly and efficiently staged , the film 's great strength is its good nature .
Clever , wildly entertaining West Virginia-set heist comedy-a terrific entertainment described as an `` Ocean 's 7-Eleven '' inside the movie itself ... warmly empathetic embrace of its economically dismissed characters ... wears its kindly politics on its sleeve
It would be a fabulously funny and endlessly entertaining summer treat no matter who was making it - though it 's hard to imagine anyone making it as well as Soderbergh .
Here is a likable , sometimes uproarious , movie in which every actor comes up with something funny . We 've got a lot of Southern gothics , but very few southern Ealing comedies .
While it 's overlong and sometimes disjointed , this heist flick delivers genuinely likable characters , winning performances and solid laughs .
The charm of this film is not the heist , which is ridiculously complicated and improbable , but in its combination of quirky , often very funny , characters and the entirely earnest way the actors play these characters .
Steven Soderbergh returns to the big screen after a self-imposed `` retirement '' with a movie that 's very much in the vein of his Ocean 's trilogy but pulpier and quirkier -- and tons of fun .
Fun enough and diverting enough while you 're in the middle of it , but hints of something much richer and more satisfying dangle just out of its reach .
Daniel Craig displays a gift for character comedy that suggests he 'll have plenty of new and exciting avenues to explore in his post-Bond career .
Wildly entertaining .
Expertly made but strangely uninvolving .
Steven Soderbergh returns from his self-imposed retirement with a hillbilly heist movie that has too many funny accents but not enough funny lines .
Soderbergh directs with his trademark pace and panache , but to this he adds an obvious affection for his hapless hillbilly heroes .
Steven Soderbergh ... is a steady hand when it comes to these convoluted crime capers and this pleasingly unspools to reveal a plot within a plot .
Not the precision near-masterpiece that Out of Sight is , nor as tight or funny as the Ocean 's films , but it 's certainly got all the requisite qualities -LSB- of the genial heist movie -RSB- ... goes down smooth and easy ... the jokes raise a smile -LSB- not -RSB- a laugh .
If this is the kind of eminently stylish and self-assured work that comes after taking a four-year hiatus from feature filmmaking , perhaps more directors should start looking into extended vacations as well .
What a fun movie .
Like in the Ocean films , Soderbergh 's loaded A-list goes on and on .
Logan 's Lucky feels like a filmmaker re-indulging a passion . It 's beautifully shot , as stylish as ever , impeccably acted and typically articulate .
Logan Lucky feels like the work of a filmmaker with nothing to prove , neither sententious seriousness of purpose nor technical knowhow .
A couple of clicks toward even more weirdness and Logan Lucky might have landed Soderbergh in Coen Brothers territory . Now that really would have been something to behold .
All national and industry politics aside , Logan Lucky is a high-octane gas , a shaggy-dog story that 's hard to outguess .
It 's USP is that it 's `` a red-necked Oceans '' or `` a hillbilly Oceans '' so , in other words , it 's a riff on Oceans . Soderbergh directed the Ocean 's franchise , so it is hardly a stretch for him . Or us , for that matter .
Soderbergh ... remains a talented filmmaker with an instinctive gift for pacing and style . Cinephiles can rejoice that his self-imposed retirement seems to be over , even if he does n't push himself too hard in this modest return .
Filled with colourful characters , crazy situations , clever camera shots and choice soundtrack cuts , Logan Lucky 's beautifully layered plot features more twists and turns than a Nascar race -LRB- which admittedly is n't hard -RRB- .
Remember how panicked we all were when Soderbergh said he was retiring a few years back ? Thank the film gods , there 's always one last heist .
With Logan Lucky , Soderbergh , one of our most inventive and unpredictable directors , just wants to have fun and bring the audience in on it . That 's going to be all right with a lot of us .
If the Ocean 's Eleven movies left you with the urge to upgrade your wardrobe , Logan Lucky might inspire a day at the races .
It 's always supremely watchable , but rarely , if ever , commits itself to genuine jeopardy or suspense .
We admire the cheek and chic of how it 's done . We wonder quite why it was thought worth doing .
The film 's comedy is loose and generous , and its esprit de corps sneaks up on you with a soft tread .
The ideal combination of grown-up concerns and childlike joy for big goofy movies .
Logan Lucky builds to one of those impossibly complicated heists that only ever happen in movies and rather contradicts the notion that the Logans are stupid or cursed .
Steven Soderbergh makes entertaining , well-crafted films . Logan Lucky is no different . If you 're in the mood for a heist-comedy that looks fantastic , you 're not going to go wrong .
Daniel Craig steals the show .
-LSB- Logan Lucky -RSB- is not going to win him any Oscars but Soderbergh certainly appears to have recovered his zest for filmmaking .
Soderbergh , back from a self-inflicted hiatus , is the perfect man to bring this Rebecca Blunt screenplay to life , utilising his experience in this sub-genre to triumphant effect .
A frolicsome rural crime thriller .
The movie almost has enough assured touches and aromatic performances to make you overlook that the humour is generic at times and that the story suffers from not having a genuine antagonist to shake things up .
Soderbergh 's most entertaining film , since at all times on the screen you can tell that the cast is having a great time . This is contagious and compensates many times for the slow development of the plot . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Logan Lucky is like a cheerful sing-a-long of a movie , sweeping its audience along easily , even if some of the details quickly vanish from memory .
If a movie could strut , Logan Lucky would look like Travolta in Saturday Night Fever , so confident in its ability to impress and to please its audience with its entertaining heist hijinks .
Soderbergh knows precisely how the formula works : likable leads , eccentric supporting characters , a complicated plan , unexpected glitches ...
An absurd -- and absurdly funny -- cinema experience , marking a welcome return to the form by Soderbergh .
Lithe , lively and ludicrous , Logan Lucky is a joyful celebration of Southern culture with a generous helping of down-home whimsy .
... suffers from more than one kind of Southern drawl .
Logan Lucky is like those inline tube slides at a water park : you do n't worry about where you 're going , because getting there is so much darned fun .
Soderbergh is back for real , with no signs of rust at all
Transposing the milieu from glitz to grits ... it does more set an intricate heist flick in the back roads of Appalachia , it also makes a sly statement about class , culture , and our preconceived notions about those two things .
The heist is fun , but the detailed inside look at the workings of a speedway really makes Logan Lucky special .
Soderbergh again proves his mastery at this sort of comic crime thriller .
We 're talking at least 11 , 12 , 13 , maybe 14 players involved in robbing the Charlotte Motor Speedway . -LRB- Not that the Rube Goldbergian plot -- with the accent on rube , of course -- bears any resemblance to any of Soderbergh 's trio of `` Ocean 's '' movies -RRB- .
There are precious few characters who do n't look and sound like they just got back from molesting Ned Beatty alongside the Georgia river . But the movie somewhat works thanks to a solid second half and some sharp performances .
Such is the merriment of the new movie , and so spirited is its pace , that you barely notice the wavering of the tone .
Steven Soderbergh 's amusing , escapist , ` Oceans 7-Eleven ' heist is a blast !
A very funny heist film .
This picture suggests a great director easing back into the feature-film game .
Just as impressive as Logan Lucky 's technical proficiency is its winning embrace of fun .
The podunk milieu in which Logan Lucky is set feels overstated , like a New Yorker taking a selfie in front of a Stuckey 's .
Like its characters , the film has no airs about it , and simply exists to entertain viewers and it does that with plenty of aplomb and ease . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Logan Lucky is an entertaining romp powered by a smart script , strong performances across the board , and great direction .
Logan Lucky is a fun and engaging caper movie directed by Steven Soderbergh .
After four years away , it 's far better to have too much of a Soderbergh movie than not enough .
Craig manages to steal each scene he 's in with his bleached hair , impeccable Southern accent and hair-trigger personality . An Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor is likely .
Logan Lucky is as charming and welcome as toenail fungus .
It 's rare that you can enter a film with full confidence that everyone involved knows what they 're doing , and they 're going to be excellent doing it . And in that way , Logan Lucky is the ultimate caper .
Ocean 's 7-Eleven , indeed . Amiable heist flick .
It 's good to have Soderbergh back , even if he never was really away .
Steven Soderbergh 's `` Logan Lucky , '' written by Rebecca Blunt , is a down-home heist movie that comes across like a Southern-fried variation of one of his `` Ocean 's '' films .
LOGAN LUCKY is a delight , peppered throughout with clever set-ups and pay-offs beset only by an over-abundance of characters .
With a charmingly relatable cast of quirky losers ... and a plot that unfolds like a Rube Goldberg construction , `` Logan Lucky '' is ideal summer entertainment .
Trotting out a cast of high-caliber actors , all playing against type , Soderbergh spins a wily , joyous slice of Southern-fried outlaw adventure .
Director Steven Soderbergh is back and firing on all cylinders in Logan Lucky , a Southern-fried heist comedy that is , like its main characters , smarter than it lets on .
This movie does not aspire to greatness or significance ; being extremely clever and thoroughly competent is the goal here .
The best heist film in years .
The script , the direction and the performances work in concert like a souped-up muscle car .
Soderbergh 's ace-in-the-hole has to be the young Farrah Mackenzie . When she has her big scene , no parent could resist the tug at their heart-strings . More than a heist comedy , `` Logan Lucky '' is an endearing father-daughter love story .
A star-studded heist flick that calls to mind some of the eclectic director 's most popular work even if it falters a bit at the end .
A slick , smarter-than-your-average-bear heist comedy that moves and grooves with all the hallmarks of a Soderbergh caper . He 's back , baby .
The story here is clean and the characters very charming , and it does n't fall into the trap of being smugly pleased with itself by overcomplicating matters -LRB- ahem , Ocean 's Twelve -RRB- .
` Logan Lucky ' succeeds because Soderbergh shows not only respect for his characters , but reveals their hearts and souls . He gently pushes you to embrace them .
Keough is a standout and Craig is a complete hoot .
Intelligent , fun and well executed , we could even say that the film works as a `` Ocean 's Fourteen '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
When the plot stops cold for a beauty-pageant performance of exquisite purity , you 'll feel like you 're watching the most American film of the year .
Did n't I read somewhere that Soderbergh had retired from filmmaking ? This would be a perfect time for him to keep that promise .
Logan Lucky is a crackerjack heist film that strongly echoes Soderbergh 's other crackerjack heist franchise , but with a uniquely downmarket and genuinely affectionate charm all its own .
Smart , clever and hilarious it is fun from start to finish line .
It 's a lark , if you can tolerate the hammy redneck accents , and confirms that Soderbergh is as agile as ever at knitting together all the moving parts of a complex heist .
Steven Soderbergh , with his mysterious screenwriter Rebecca Blunt -LRB- reportedly the pseudonym of the director -RRB- , and a great cast have fun in creating a twisty heist thriller with a sense of humor .
Soderbergh is in the mood for some fun , and so is a star-filled cast led by Channing Tatum , Adam Driver and Daniel Craig .
Amusing and big-hearted , Soderbergh delivers an entertaining tale of honour among thieves .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film is tightly constructed in its plotting , while also being loose enough in its focus to appreciate what clever and relatable characters it possesses .
-LSB- Soderbergh 's -RSB- big-screen comeback , Logan Lucky , finds him taking the relatively easy option of the lighthearted heist movie , something he 's always done well .
The whole movie is a trick , reversing our expectations at nearly every turn and casting actors in roles that they were not exactly born to play , but do so with relish .
Steven Soderbergh has returned from a four-year motion-picture retirement to once again show us that when it comes to crafting robberies of high stakes-even ones involving the lower classes-he remains the slickest of them all .
After four years of `` retirement '' , Soderbergh shows that he is still in perfect shape . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As sunny and implausible as an old-timer 's anecdote , with a few hints at topicality that do n't detract from its insouciance . It 's fun for fun 's sake .
An original breath of fresh air . It 's an unexpected delight .
While Logan Lucky gives off the impression of a shaggy character-based comedy , such an assessment shortchanges how deliriously clever it is .
Who among us predicted that Channing Tatum would become a major actor , equally adept at light-fingered comedy and low-key contemporary dramas ?
... this Friday brings with it Logan Lucky , a southern-fried caper of virtuosic showmanship that , beneath its easygoing exterior , also succeeds at tapping into larger s. . . -LSB- END HERE -RSB- ocioeconomic concerns
Soderbergh 's return to features is a redneck riff on his Ocean 's 11 , a cool breeze of summertime sweetness that restores the good name of movie escapism . Daniel Craig is off-the-chain hilarious .
Like the best of his movies , this heist film retains its essential shagginess despite the A-list stars headlining it , and it reminds us what a nifty flair the director has for light entertainment .
As a hotly anticipated comeback , it feels like a slightly dippy , ultimately disposable warm-up of a director whose brains , chops and judicious taste we need more than ever .
`` Logan Lucky '' is his down-home version of the `` Ocean 's '' franchise , with NASCAR instead of the Bellagio , but it 's every bit as cheeky , fun and funny .
Essentially a red-state Ocean 's Eleven - a fizzy , twisty Southern-fried heist flick that 's more enjoyable the less you try to dissect it .
Soderbergh rolls the dice with ` Logan Lucky ' and comes up with a winner .
Steven Soderberg 's funny , underdog heist movie is a heartfelt paean to the kinds of Southern working-class whites normally caricatured as Confederate-flag-waving racists .
The movie is smart and funny , though ultimately it 's less noteworthy as an entertainment than as a marketing concept .
The result is a breezy , slight , Southern-flavored movie where the cast appears to be having enough fun to prove mildly infectious .
The script 's vibe recalls Soderbergh 's arch , knowing `` Ocean 's '' movies , but also evokes older pictures such as `` Bank Shot '' in the early '70s or `` Who 's Minding the Mint ? '' in the late '60s .
But the best part of Logan Lucky is that from the get-go you know you 're in confident hands , and whatever 's about to happen , it 's going to be great .
If there is something wrong with `` Logan Lucky , '' I simply ca n't find it .
A nice change of pace for Soderbergh , who , for the first time in a long time , seems genuinely interested in providing an entertaining ride .
Perhaps `` Logan Lucky '' is best appreciated as a stealth commentary on tough times in America . It takes a director of Soderbergh 's gifts to actually make that funny .
If it verges on being a little too pleased with itself for its own good , that 's an acceptable price to pay for something that makes you smile .
In the very least , Hal Needham 's Smokey and the Bandit films displayed a fair amount of affection amid the hamming for their shit-kicking rubes .
Heartfelt felicitations to -LSB- Steven -RSB- Soderbergh on his rebirth of the cool .
Jimmy 's team is like a blue-collar mirror image of the Ocean 's crew . But there 's more going on here than a story about a bunch of amateurs attempting a complicated robbery .
A precision-tooled entertainment made by experts , and sometimes more than that . Watching it is like finding money in the pocket of a coat that you have n't worn in years .
The glitz and glamour of the Ocean 's trilogy is in a completely different area code than Logan Lucky , but Soderbergh 's latest has the same terrific camaraderie and joy as those movies .
I liked the movie - it 's certainly well made , and a lot of fun - but I mostly found myself laughing at it , not with it .
Logan Lucky reminded me most of Howard Hawks ' El Dorado . It has the tossed-off , casual sophistication of an old master 's late work .
Rating Soderbergh 's back catalogue is like comparing apples and oranges and tractors , but this is in his top bracket . Welcome back , Mr Soderbergh .
A high-spirited hillbilly-heist caper with a dynamite , all-star ensemble cast .
It ... feels like the director is trying to reverse-engineer one of the Coen brothers ' loopier excursions and not getting every one of the pieces in order . But he comes close .
A slick , surprising summer entertainment from a terrific director who 's having a helluva time just keeping everyone laughing , and guessing .
The actors mostly lean hard on comical redneck accents , and the slow-moving plot features way too many leaps of logic .
Quite simply , one of the most sheerly enjoyable movies of the year ... we 're lucky to have -LSB- Soderbergh -RSB- back .
So warmheartedly enthusiastic , it 's hard not to get swept away with this group of not-so-average Joes .
Logan Lucky may be more of the same . But more of the same , from Soderbergh , is what more summer movies should aspire to be .
Soderbergh smoothly glides us through this NASCAR world , emanating an old-fashioned Hal Needham vibe , but with greater character depth and extra IQ points .
Logan Lucky lands somewhere between Magic Mike and the Ocean 's trilogy . Turns out , that 's one hell of a sweet spot .
I 'm really glad Soderbergh 's back doing what he does best . I did n't know how much I missed the guy .
Logan Lucky is a hoot , a holler , a drag at times and does n't know when to end but it 's fun .
This one offers pleasures you wo n't find anywhere else .
So who really needs Logan Lucky ? More to the point : Will they buy this in the South ?
Soderbergh is perhaps Hollywood 's finest technician , and it 's a pleasure to watch him tour his Vegas act through Appalachia .
There 's no question that the film is full of gentle , good-natured mockery of the sort of knucklehead culture that we call `` redneck '' but it 's all very sympathetic -- more so , even , than a Jeff Foxworthy You May Be a Redneck If -LRB- filll in the blank -RRB- routine .
Some will write off Logan Lucky as one of Soderbergh 's most frivolous efforts , but that would be a mistake .
Logan Lucky is great fun and one of the most purely entertaining movies of the year .
Mr. Soderbergh revels in squareness , and in a loose self-confidence that disguises its mastery . `` Logan Lucky '' is a terrific movie .
I think that 's a big part of what makes Logan Lucky a very fun movie : You 're lost , you 're lost , you 're lost -- and then it all makes so much sense that you feel like you should have known what was happening all along .
Independently financed and distributed by Soderbergh , Logan Lucky is a magnificent movie that comes disguised as a modest one . Or , as I like to call it , a Joe Bang .
An eccentric combo of scrappy crime caper and angular redneck comedy , Logan Lucky should n't work anywhere near well as it does .
Soderbergh keeps the action light and playful , and lets the cast members find their own silliness within it .
Southern flavor , rampant goofiness and fun twangs go a long way in making director Steven Soderbergh 's cinematic return such a sparkling hoot .
For a fast and funny crime flick , Logan Lucky has plenty of grunt under the hood .
A fun and unpretentious romp that benefits from smart pacing , likeable characters and a stick-it-to-the-man undercurrent that helps keep things moving along .
It 's a genuine effort by talented people that never quite comes off .
The whole thing comes together to form the best Burt Reynolds movie he never made .
The endearing charm of the characters - along with a plot that teases the audience with just enough information to keep them wondering what 's next - makes Logan Lucky a winner .
Sometimes , the only reason for doing anything is to have a little fun , and Soderbergh seems to be having a lot of it .
Steven Soderburgh 's return to the big screen may look like an Ocean 's reboot a la NASCAR , but do n't you go thinking this is some smart alecky snobby spin .
Having successfully pulled off three Danny Ocean cons , director Steven Soderbergh is looking for a new bank vault to plunder . Logan Lucky turns out to be a playfully subversive variation on the theme .
Soderbergh 's here to have fun , and his mood is contagious .
Flaws aside , it is a darn good heist , and sure to leave you with a smile on your face . We should be glad Soderbergh is back , hopefully this time for good .
An updated , more sophisticated take on those old Burt Reynold 's seventies good ol' boy flicks .
Soderbergh is n't exactly hiding a secret drama inside his barrel of laughs and twists . But his comeback project keeps quiet about being one of the sweetest , most affirming movies he 's ever made .
Logan Lucky is both a Robin Hood fantasy and a uniquely Soderberghian lark , an ensemble comedy that 's simultaneously effervescent and cerebral .
If you 'd like to see a blend of Ocean 's 11 and Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby , then Logan Lucky is for you .
Logan Lucky has the briskness and sheen of a professional , a man who , after years of restlessness , has become comfortable enough to simply tell a story with confidence , clarity and gusto .
The snappily-edited and uber-efficient working-class caper Logan Lucky is so ephemeral , its screenwriter may not even exist .
Fun , snappy and classically Soderbergh-ian delight with impeccable , Ocean 's - like rhythms , shrewdly set against the everyday struggles of small-town America .
Four years after his self-imposed retirement , maverick director Steven Soderbergh takes the easy way out . Or , rather , back in .
Clunky , tin-eared caper comedy that drips with contempt for its own characters .
While even the film itself cites the heist as `` Ocean 's 7-11 '' , it 's got a flavor and energy all its own . It 's a blast from start to finish .
Logan Lucky is a hoot . It 's the sort of movie that allows you to laugh , relax and let everything wash over you ... Everything is laid back - from the characters to the humour - and the payoff is delicious .
Logan Lucky is a hillbilly heist caper brimming with good natured humor .
Soderbergh shows here that the melding of mainstream storytelling and artful execution is possible .
Logan Lucky is easygoing entertainment that , on occasion , gently brushes up against its stiffer real-world framing . I 'm not sure the film is as successful in doing that as Magic Mike is , but it still makes for an intriguingly toned film .
With his latest directorial effort , Soderbergh has made a film that not only constantly pokes fun at its own characters and their lives , but finds a way to imbue each of them with a soul and heart along the way .
Of course , there 's a level of tactical sophistication to this kind of fantasy-crime scenario , but Blunt 's screenplay scores many points by making the follow-through of the plan so damned pleasurable .
Soderbergh executes his cine-comeback with élan , aided by winning A-team work from Tatum , Driver and Craig .
The kind of small-scale , shaggy dog story Hollywood rarely makes these days .
Logan Lucky is one country-fried hootenanny of a heist thriller that goes off with a -LRB- Joe -RRB- Bang .
A purely auteur-driven lark slipped into an era when studios no longer want to work with directors with personality and pesky calls for final cut - a high entertainment with a handmade feel .
Logan Lucky feels a lot like Oceans 14 .
This is a brilliantly constructed , whip-smart , and laugh-out-loud-funny romp from a filmmaker whose precision and craft is nearly unparalleled .
Steven Soderbergh 's Logan Lucky is a high-spirited , low-down blast .
Channing Tatum , working with Soderbergh for the fourth time , is at his sympathetic and charismatic best in Logan Lucky .
Even if it needed one last push to make it truly exceptional , there 's a lot to enjoy here . And Soderbergh once again attracts a cast it 's a pleasure to spend time with .
This is a good-times film that does n't put on airs , dress to impress or pretend to be something it is n't . It just aims to please and does a pretty good job of it .
This blue-collar `` Ocean 's Eleven '' is a smooth-running , pleasantly familiar crime caper . In a movie full of cons , the greatest may be how deceptively easy Steven Soderbergh makes the whole enterprise seem .
As the film teeters the line between ridiculous and generic screwball , the all-star cast dazzles to hilarious effect .
Logan Lucky embodies so much of what 's made Steven Soderbergh that rare journeyman between arthouse and multiplex .
A heist comedy that reaffirms why Soderbergh belongs behind the movie camera .
Soderbergh returns from retirement with a silly heist movie that packs real soul .

@highlight

High-octane fun that 's smartly assembled without putting on airs , Logan Lucky marks a welcome end to Steven Soderbergh 's retirement -- and proves he has n't lost his ability to entertain .