That the film does justice to the original short story is saying something .
No one dreams of the twilight transpiring in `` Away From Her , '' but , in its words , it 's not bad luck . It 's just life . You ca n't beat life . A tenderly told tragedy about Alzheimer 's Disease 's erosive effects , Sarah Polley 's film avoids movie-of-the-week sap .
Too content with its own `` maturity '' and `` restraint , '' yet it invaluably offers Christie for audiences in delicate contemplation , and chaste consummation
Christie is brilliant as steely but brittle Fiona , a woman who knows her mind completely and yet , in the end , can not hang on to it , while Pinsent eloquently portrays the gradual ebbing away of a partnership , as delicate and unstoppable as snow-melt .
Una bella historia de amor a merced de una enfermedad , filmada con delicadeza por Sarah Polley y sensiblemente interpretada por Julie Christie , Gordon Pinsent y Olympia Dukakis .
A beautifully acted , poignant film about a man who slowly loses his wife to Alzheimer 's .
A complex series of relationships revolve around a nursing home romance .
Julie Christie as an Alzheimer 's afflicted wife achieves the perfect psychological mixture of despair , mystery , rebellion against the unappreciated devotion that has been her lot in married life , and an ultimate odd but eloquent personal liberation .
Hallmark card presentation of the onset of Alzheimer 's . Totally sincere and totally unrealistic .
Christie -LRB- with whom Polley acted in Hal Hartley 's No Such Thing -RRB- is still a radiant presence at 66 and she rivets us to the screen .
Of the four brilliant performances that sustain it , the standout is by Julie Christie , ravishing at 66 , who communicates as much with utter stillness as in her beautifully articulated lines .
Memorable Alzheimer 's drama OK for teens and up .
This is a really wrenching film , and all the better for it .
There 's not a genuine moment to be found in this film .
Something of an antithesis to the fake fuzziness of any Hallmark movie of the week .
The strength of Away From Her rests on the laurels of an excellent director and Julie Christie whose demanding role is interpreted with subtlety , humor and wisdom . Polley said she only had Christie in mind when the film was to be cast .
Away From Her is that rare movie that breaks hearts with finesse and reserve , not through brute force .
It 's nice to see serious issues other than crime and drugs in the movies and even nicer to see a filmmaking talent like Sarah Polley blossoming .
If the Oscars were really looking for Best Actress , it could n't go wrong looking this way .
Lovely and cold as a Nordic winter sky , Away From Her is a lacerating , tough movie that 's sometimes hard to watch - and impossible to forget
Tackling a sorrowful subject with compassion and even an occasional laugh , actress Sarah Polley makes an impressive full-length debut as writer and director ...
A magnanimous and devastating directorial debut from the young Canadian actress Sarah Polley .
Both careful and contrived , Away from Her paints marriage as a series of losses , fulfillments , and compromises , infinitely rewarding and painful .
`` Away From Her '' is one of the great love stories of recent movies , striking because it takes place near the end of a love affair 's long journey , rather than at the beginning as so many romances do .
At the heart of Sarah Polley 's impressive directorial debut is that luminous iconic figure of the 1960s , Julie Christie .
This very personal film is a deeply affecting work from Sarah Polley , a good actress becoming an even better writer and director .
Sarah Polley , a terrific actress , now serves notice that she is a director to watch .
Away From Her should be required viewing for caregivers , and perhaps for all of us who have aging relatives .
Away From Her offers a moving , thoughtful drama for adults who have felt abandoned by the movie industry .
Away From Her is a phantom of a movie whose beautiful flakes fall into the deep crevices of memory long after the seasons change .
With Away From Her , Christie , Pinsent and actress-turned-filmmaker Sarah Polley have crafted an intensely moving portrait of a marriage .
The deeply affecting situation is explored with lyrical artistry , touching drama and remarkable performances in Away From Her , the impressive directorial debut of Canadian actor Sarah Polley .
Beautifully written , from an Alice Munro short story , this movie directed by an actress rarely missteps , even when it bravely includes the dark humor inherent in this situation .
It 's a fine and big-hearted debut , but it falls short in ways that make me unable to repay its generosity .
It is a compassionate portrait of Alzheimer 's as an impenetrable cocoon of the unknowable , as seen through an emotionally eloquent prism .
Sarah Polley gives us one of the year 's best films .
Even if the rest of the film was a complete dog , , i > Away From Her would be worthwhile simply because it gives Julie Christie so much screen time .
The whole film grows on you . Polley 's trademark as an actress is that she gives nothing away at first ; you have to watch an entire movie to know everything she 's thinking and feeling . Away From Her unfolds with that kind of restraint .
The revelation is Pinsent ... , who has the tougher acting job - to react to Christie 's performance and carry the plot as well - and delivers beautifully .
Spare and poignantly bittersweet , Sarah Polley 's wrenching romantic drama ... delves into the painful effects of Alzheimer 's disease .
A profound and poignant requiem for our preferred human conditions .
Probes those two impossible and sometimes incompatible organs -- the human heart and the human brain -- with a scientist 's curiosity and a poet 's empathy .
It 's heartening that a movie so wise , patient and thoughtful can come from a filmmaker so young .
The delicate and dignified way that director Sarah Polley treats Munro 's story is worthy of high praise .
Portrays the ravages of -LSB- Alzheimer 's -RSB- with clear-eyed honesty , tracking not only the effects on its victims but also on the caretakers who provide support even as their loved ones are fading away right before their eyes .
`` Away From Her '' is at once one of the most romantic love stories and most frightening horror films I 've ever seen .
Indelible and uncompromising , this powerful drama about the grace and the cruelty of aging is a sensitive testament to emotional endurance .
Polley has constructed a complex film about love , relationships , honor and commitment . It is a beautiful thing to watch .
As much as it is a poignant story of love and loss , ` Away From Her ' is also a modern-day horror tale .
Powerful . Writer-director Sarah Polley rightly deserves the kind of praise heaped upon Sofia Coppola for the lousy `` Lost in Translation . ''
Julie Christie is as lovely as ever , and this may be a bit of a snag , as she does n't really look old enough for the part .
Sweet and delicate , a promising first effort by writer/director Sarah Polley .
The film 's sharpest performance comes from Dukakis , who marries hope with resentment into a prickly yet pliant concoction ... Marian is more clearly drawn that the more opaque Anderssons .
Superb , from its subtle atmospheres to its fine performances . Julie Christie is exquisite as ever purveying the spirit of a woman whose radiance remains even as it dims like the glow of sunset on a snowbound lake .
Away From Her got to me in a way no other movie has this year , eliciting copious tears .
Polley , borrowing from a story by Alice Munro , and maybe some of its wisdom , gives us more . Here , time rewards compromises and commitment to a flawed arrangement , and we get a rare portrait of the intimacy that can come with endurance .
As this intimate , beautifully observed film unfolds , you realize that the story 's themes are relevant no matter what age you happen to be .
Sarah Polley 's sad , wise and simply dazzling directorial effort beams with warmth .
Away From Her deals with a subject that easily could have turned maudlin . But the performances in Away From Her are pitch-perfect throughout , and Polley never begs for an emotional response she does n't try to earn .
Upon seeing Away From Her again , I 'm content with my sense memory . I 'm even more pleased with how much of this fine film 's nuance and detail feel fresh .
Watching Grant and Fiona , you may see your own loved ones again in your mind 's eye . Anyone who has gone through this kind loss knows the immeasurable value of that .
Away From Her is n't just a portrait of Alzheimer 's . For a generation that does n't have a lot of marital role models , it 's also a lyrical portrait of what it means to stick with a person for the long run . There are no easy answers .
A moving meditation on what love looks like after it 's had more than 40 years to grow . It 's a love with deep scars , but roots that go deeper still .
Love has rarely seemed as fragile and precious as it does in Away From Her ...
Strong performances from the inimitable Julie Christie and the lesser known Gordon Pinset ca n't compensate for the overly-sentimental reasoning behind a husband 's inability to make peace with his wife 's Alzheimer 's disease .
It 's a gorgeous acting job from Christie , striking those moods of frustration , depression , and infirmed calm so vividly .
This is a graceful , astonishingly brave film from actress Sarah Polley , making her directorial debut .
Maybe the point of this Alzheimer 's movie is not to devastate the emotions of an audience
... less a drama about Alzheimer 's disease than a cinematic poem of love and loss .
In Away From Her , four of the best actors in the world turn material worthy of their talents into the best movie of the year so far . The result is moving the way the best-written literature can be , telling us something about ourselves .
It 's Christie who places this powerful love story about the cruelties of aging within hailing distance of Leo McCarey 's sublime Make Way for Tomorrow .
Away From Her is a film of piercing clarity , one that knocks you out over and over again with its beauty and generosity .
Heartrending , elegant and restrained , Away From Her is a wonderful showcase for not just Christie and the rest of its powerful cast , but for Polley 's multidimensional skills .
A wise and tender Alzheimer 's drama .
Bergmanesque and beautiful , set in a wintry landscape fitfully lit by one woman 's flickering awareness and one man 's long-term , stubborn love , Away from Her is one of the most remarkable and moving love stories the movies have recently given us .
-LSB- A -RSB- modest yet infinitely moving film of love , loss and memory .
Will make even the coldest hearts believe in love .
Rarely has love at any age been depicted so honestly on screen . For such a fully realized portrait to be created by a 28-year-old first-time director is even more remarkable .
Represents one of the few clear-headed , uncompromising looks at -LSB- Alzheimer 's -RSB- and its impacts .
-LSB- A -RSB- superbly tacit chamber piece .
I think it 's one of this year 's finest and most memorable films .
Polley gets great work from the entire cast .
Straightforward but not detached , touching but not maudlin , it 's an honestly moving , if modest , portrait of a marriage affected by a terrible wasting disease .
Under Polley 's polished direction , the actors deliver superlative performances .
The movie , -LSB- Sarah -RSB- Polley 's feature début , is a small-scale triumph that could herald a great career .
Away from Her is one of those exceedingly rare instances of an adaptation that not only honors but actually surpasses its source .
What distinguishes Away from Her , and elevates it from the mawkish , is its perfectly chosen cast -- especially Julie Christie .
When it comes to Away from Her , the overused , abused adjective can not be avoided : it is a great film .
For a story with only one possible outcome , -LSB- i -RSB- Away From Her -LSB- / i -RSB- is full of twists and turns .
There is real grace in Polley 's portrait of a couple that stays together long enough to forget .
As terrific as Christie 's performance is , it 's the superb Pinsent who 's left to register most of the internal emotional turbulence as a reserved man who no longer shares a past with the woman he 's spent his life with .
Mostly , it 's a subdued , well-shot character study that observes rather than dictates emotions .
A feature film that 's often astringent on the surface , yet deeply and memorably stirring .
Does the finest job of any film in painting a believable portrait of aging , capturing the sadness , confusion , anxiety and defiance of the early stages of dementia .
Polley reveals herself to be a true talent . She 's an intelligent , sensitive filmmaker who clearly belongs on both sides of the camera .
Every actress who 's ever frozen her emotions with Botox should be forced to watch this film before returning to the plastic surgeon 's office . It 's the lines in Christie 's face -- deeply etched , deeply earned -- that make her so heartbreakingly lovely .
With luck , -LSB- more -RSB- skills will develop in Polley , and we 'll have the opportunity to watch them . For now , though , we have Christie to look at . And the heartbreaking slow-motion tragedy of a vibrant woman being buried alive under the shifting sands .
Away From Her is poignant , wise and unafraid -- just the sort of film for a young person , or any person , for that matter , to make .
So beautifully , delicately and completely about relationships , their strengths and weaknesses and unavoidable changes , that the illness aspects of the story , key as they are , play secondary roles .
It 's all good . Actually , it 's way better than good . This is a film for anyone who 's almost given up on the movies .
In a refreshingly direct , unassuming manner , Away From Her considers two great human mysteries : the persistence of love and the workings of the brain .
In its wobbly whole , Away from Her lingers as a hazy , blurry account of fading moments .
One of the most confident and unforgettable directorial debuts I have ever seen .
Away From Her is cause for celebration if only because it stars the great Julie Christie in her first lead role in many years .
How invigorating it is to see portrayed such a range of complex , intelligent women , each of whom is surviving in an independent orbit rather than joined at the hip in some gooey movie idyll of sisterhood .
A tremulous adaptation of acclaimed Canadian storyteller Alice Munro 's much-tougher-minded short fiction about love and Alzheimer 's , The Bear Came Over the Mountain .
A twilight-of-life love story , one that harshly demolishes our romantic notions of love and loyalty , then replaces them with something deeper and , finally , more consoling .
It 'll make you cry a lot , for sure , but with much beauty and brightness through the sadness .
This is a most adroit , confident film , calmly understated and never sentimental . It supports the argument that short stories and novellas are the best source material for feature movies .
I 'd just as soon seek such material out in TV land when I 'm more in the mood and less inclined to be irreverent .
This cautionary tale of making the most of life during our winter months successfully lodges itself into the memory .
A sincere but doomed attempt at a sort of Alzheimer 's love story .
An outstanding film .
This is a difficult watch .
What is lost in realism is made up for in the power of the drama .
The writing and the peformances are intelligent enough to make this a rare if difficult pleasure , and Christie especially shines .
It 's Sarah Polley through and through : slightly too glum for its own good , but reeking of quality and feeling .
A straightforward but engrossing drama about what love is worth when memory is gone .
Actress Polley makes a remarkable feature debut with a subtle , complex , beautifully acted tale of the effects of Alzheimer 's on one durable marriage ; it 's an honorable addition to classic anatomies of marriage by Bergman , Cassavetes , and others .
A heartbreaking and memorable cinematic experience .
I have seen few films in recent years as emotionally engrossing and edifying . It is not to be missed by any moviegoer professing to be looking for something different .
A low-key yet powerful and uplifting story of love renewed amid the ravages of old age .
A remarkable character study from actress-turned-director Sarah Polley , Away From Her is a triumph for Christie , who like Helen Mirren and Diane Keaton , grows lovelier and more compelling with every performance .
A subtle , poignant , and superbly acted drama about a long marriage that is tested externally by disease and internally by the chords of attachment .
Christie , a Sixties screen goddess in Darling and Doctor Zhivago , shows that her spirit and grace are eternal . She 's a beauty . So is the movie .
With more than half a year to go , one can scarcely imagine a better set of awards-worthy performances than those of Gordon Pinsent and Julie Christie .
Polley creates a portrait that might be dubbed Scenes From a Marriage 's End .
Sensitively and engagingly well written , directed and acted , this is a remarkable little film .
Polley captures the brisk , cheerful fascism of nursing-home existence with merciless clarity ; if you 've visited a parent or grandparent in one of those places , you may want to laugh and cry in the same moment .
Polley manages it all nicely in her feature debut , confidently relying on the strength of her actors , but with a strong visual sense .
Polley is starting from a very lofty place . We can only marvel at what she might do next .
One of those ` small ' movies that , because it 's uncompromisingly honest , risks being inflated into something more than it is .
Christie has rarely been lovelier -- and that 's saying something .
Sarah Polley is that rare flower , a genuine Canadian star . She 's well-regarded everywhere yet chooses to live and work at home . Naturally her first feature as a writer-director has garnered scrutiny . The news is all good .
Sarah Polley does well just to not let Her devolve into a Canadian version of The Notebook .
Sarah Polley 's directing debut is an assured , moving look at coping with Alzheimer 's .
A gracefully wrought study of a long-term marriage being wedged apart by Alzheimer 's .








@highlight

An accomplished directorial debut by Sarah Polley , Away From Her is a touching exploration of the effects of Alzheimer 's , in which the tender wisdom of Polley 's script is beautifully complemented by a wonderful performance from Julie Christie .