A triumphantly visual movie , The Loneliest Planet develops an interplay between freedom and confinement .
You have to see The Loneliest Planet , for it is one of those works that prepares you for life , that make you wary , alive and responsible , and which ... well , you 'll never forget it .
Writer/director Julia Loktev , a New York filmmaker born in Russia , skilfully uses stillness and the vastness of the Caucasus Mountains to frame her trio of characters in psychological quicksand .
Frankly , I 've greatly enjoyed discussing the film , whereas I merely tolerated the experience of actually watching it .
Audiences used to actively engaging with cinema will find much to relish about The Loneliest Planet .
Scoring a popular hit on the film festival circuit , director Julia Loktev elicits superb performances from a minimal cast .
This load of tediously existential nonsense from writer/director Julia Loktev has been bizarrely celebrated as a profound artistic and feminist -LRB- ? -RRB- statement , but make no mistake : it 's ridiculously wannabe-cerebral codswallop .
... simmering just beneath its quiet , beautiful surface are endless questions to do with relationships and trust , and how they 're tied to our expectations regarding masculinity .
Although short stories usually make terrific source material for films , in this case the adaptation suggests that this is not one of those instances
Curiosity triggers our interest at first , but eventually , the tedious nature of the drawn-out exposition is akin to watching grass grow
An elliptical , often baffling relationships drama about trust and reconciliation
An exceptionally thorny and pleasing little behavioral study .
This is one of those films where very little happens very slowly , but there are a couple of dramatic scenes which change the complexion of the film .
Loktev 's persistent use of long takes with little dialogue renders it a repetitive exercise that 's more pretentious than profound .
With Brontes ' camera sometimes right up in their faces , the actors create an intense intimacy that 's a thrill to experience . They also share a palpable sexual chemistry that fires up this drama .
An intriguing film , that has a sense of poignancy , sparse dialogue and offers a deep suspicion of love if it 's untested .
The languid , observational style of director Julia Loktev will frustrate those expecting stuff to , like , happen more , but it has its real rewards .
Nothing hurts quite as much as self-doubt , and The Loneliest Planet is carpeted in it .
It 's alive ; it requires active participation and curiosity ; and it speaks eloquently to the best possibilities of film as a medium for conversation and reflection .
A relationship drama as radically bifurcated as Tropical Malady and as trenchantly insightful as Everyone Else .
You hope for these characters , and that hope carries the film .
I would n't say that I find the movie satisfying , but I do find it powerfully haunting . That 's a compliment . To be haunted by art is a better thing than to be satisfied by it .
Presumably taking its title from BBC Worldwide 's `` Lonely Planet '' travel books ,
Julia Loktev has created a beautiful , haunting and ultimately disturbing film that poses difficult questions for the viewer to answer .
Though it 's not without virtues , `` The Loneliest Planet '' may try the patience of even the most dedicated lovers of art film .
Why expend more energy on the film than its makers did ?
Loktev has written and directed with a haunting emphasis on the shortcomings of some interpersonal communication .
I ca n't deny that her scheme is dramatically effective , though I left the movie more conscious of the scheme than the drama .
It 's not for everyone , but if you 're up for a challenge , this odd and mysterious film is worth the effort .
In desperate need of a tighter edit and a pronounced human touch . Its intentional paralysis is unrewarding and , by the second half , completely insufferable .
Loktev 's steady direction and the actors ' quiet performances shadow a wide spectrum of shame and disappointment that echoes after the story ends .
All of this grows tiresome .
Loktev and cinematographer Inti Briones have captured an otherworldly landscape with a paradoxical claustrophobia ...
The characters are kept at such a distance , and the movie is so opposed to basic dramatic impulses , that it 's like watching a stranger 's vacation footage .
Sure , Loktev is exploring some interesting issues , including the definition of masculinity and what a modern woman expects from a man in a relationship , but one wishes for a bit more to chew on .
The Loneliest Planet is not a perfect work of art , but it gets at something powerful : the way that life can turn us around in a flash , without warning .
Director Julia Loktev finds accomplished simplicity , a rare quality in the early work of any director .
... a challenging , audacious , yet ultimately unsuccessful cinematic experiment ...
Unfortunately , Loktev 's dry approach to establishing the couple 's relationship means its abrupt collapse causes little emotional impact .
Shot on location by cinematographer Inti Briones , `` Planet '' is a piece of art even without Bernal and Furstenberg , who are like moving portraits of themselves in this film .
It is gripping and haunting , but also coy and elusive .
Though the film moves as slowly as its hikers , it demands , and deserves , to be watched closely .
The Loneliest Planet does have a quiet power , which is amplified by the movie 's rugged landscape .
Visuals and emotional core are too separate and too long to sustain the movie .
The film delivers in unexpected ways , and then ponders what it means .
In extending a short story to feature length without embellishing it-at least in the plotting-Loktev suffuses the film with the kind of intimate , microscopic detail and observation that 's more common to literature than cinema .
Every scene shift contributes vital information about what it means to guide or be guided over foreign territory , both emotional and physical .
The Loneliest Planet was made with an intoxicating and precise faith in the ability of images to convey feelings that words would be too clumsy and blunt to appropriately delineate .
Within a scantily plotted , novella-style narrative -LRB- the movie is an adaptation of a short story by Tom Bissell -RRB- , single shots become story events that mere mention would spoil .
If you are willing to subject yourself to an experience that is outside the norm of what a traditional movie is supposed to do , then you may come away with fertile soil for some fruitful discussion .
Hardly an indolent director , Loktev has much to say about a couple suffering from the inability to say much of anything .
The title is a play on those Lonely Planet travel guides , but it 's also a fair description of the desolate space in which each of the movie 's three characters resides .
Adjust to the deliberate rhythms of this hiking movie-set on the lush slopes of Georgia 's Caucasus Mountains-and the psychological payoff stings like a blister .
-LSB- A -RSB- slow-burning , distinctive second feature from Russian-born , Colorado-raised writer/director Julia Loktev .
Too much a student of the Gus Van Sant school of minimalist filmmaking - think `` Gerry '' - Julia Loktev manages a travelogue romantic drama that is overwrought and yet undercooked .
A slow-moving , minimalist film with gorgeous photography which features a sudden event , a coup de theatre , that could end a romantic relationship
Julia Loktev 's marvelous , slow-burning follow-up to her minimalist thriller Day Night Day Night somehow manages to be both audacious and subtle .
The direction is so studied , so understatedly deliberate , that if you turn away at the wrong moment , you 'll miss the volatile turning point .
Loktev 's staging of the crucial moment is expert ; her look at the aftermath is poignant and nuanced , culminating in a nocturnal sequence that condenses a world of bitter and incommensurable experience into a single shot .
All movies engage your eyes and ears by their very nature , but The Loneliest Planet adds a third dominant sense to the equation . How many movies can you feel on your skin ?
Somewhat unsatisfying in addressing the fallout of the central crisis or in suggesting much beyond some rather obvious conclusions about male aggression .


@highlight

The source material that inspired The Loneliest Planet may be brief , but this adaptation of a Tom Bissell short story compensates with studious , finely detailed filmmaking , haunting visuals , and thought-provoking subtext .