The film is just plain fun to watch and the music is poppy and quite lovely at times .
Unabashedly an upbeat , snazzily shot infomercial that accentuates and overdoes the positives of this well-scrubbed quintet , Us still manages to capture the lads ' refreshing ability to remain basically who they were while coping with life-altering changes .
It smells less like teen spirit than money , yet it bottles the carefree zest of pure pop so irresistably even non-Directioners will find themselves happily bip-bip-bopping along .
I feel as if I learned very little from One Direction : This is Us , a movie that is more of a consumer product or an event than an actual feature film .
It 's hard not to get caught up in the band 's infectious enthusiasm for life and drive to make hay while the sun shines .
The boys are very likable , but the film around them is still very repetitive .
About as journalistically useful as a promoted tweet .
Even Niall 's schtick of whipping up or quieting down a mass of waiting fans seems the most innocuous metaphor imaginable for the manipulation that , unexamined here , lies at the hollow heart of all this manufactured stardom and its manufactured followers .
What 's super-odd about this film is its director , Morgan Spurlock . Best-known as an activist documentarian ... it 's a bit of a shock to see his controversy-magnet name attached to something so tame , formulaic and corporate .
Background graphics burst past the stage and into the foreground - a flashy , amusingly distracting gimmick that feels true to the band it accompanies .
This Is Us is like a balloon - it 's shiny and kinda fun for about 10 minutes , but ultimately it 's full of nothing .
One Direction : This Is Us feels like a 90 minute advertisement that has been created to further promote the One Direction brand .
Perhaps the nicest surprise of the doco is that , despite emerging from the manufactured pop machine , these boys feel refreshingly grounded and they 're not taking their success for granted .
An inoffensive but shallow cash-in on a temporary phenomenon .
Fans will eat this stuff up with a spoon , while any stray nonfans will likely spend the movie gauging the bubblegum tunes and matching faces to names . -LRB- By the end , I could finally tell bandmates Liam Payne and Louis Tomlinson apart . -RRB-
Like their music , the film proves to be inoffensively genial , if surface-deep .
One Direction : This Is Us ... does n't bother with bummers , even small ones . Fame , according to this movie , is a journey to the center of radness .
Spurlock , who revolutionized activist documentary filmmaking with Super Size Me , has set the genre back with this cinema equivalent of a glossy teen magazine cover .
Spurlock makes inventive use of 3-D technology . The picture is trippy in places , making it more pleasant to sit through the forgettable songs than it otherwise would be . But Beatles comparisons ? Please . One Direction is less a band than a business plan .
A documentary about `` One Direction '' that is aimed solely at their fans . For anyone else the entertainment lags .
It 's a superficial publicity piece . But it 's enjoyable even if you 're not a pre-pubescent girl .
-LRB- Spurlock -RRB- has occupied both sides of manufacturing , first as the engine of expose , and now as a wide-eyed , willing participant .
This is the rock revolution reduced to the level of the Eurovision Song Contest .
A glossy , promotional concept that 's overly enhanced by unnecessary amplification .
While this documentary may be as carefully constructed as the band , no amount of stage management can stop genuine emotions seeping through , and you 're likely to find your cynicism crumbling in the face of the lads ' sheer energy and down-to-earth charm .
a great spool of carefully spun cotton candy designed to delight its target audience . And it will .
This Is Us does what it needs to do for its target audience . But anyone looking for actual substance or insight will be disappointed and maybe even a little bored with its repetitive nature .
This is an empty film that provides no insight into its pop singer subjects , but the bubble-gum band got the kind of film they deserved .
It 's a ` Tiger Beat ' article in video form , a feature-length music video featuring the group 's biggest songs and fluffy moments .
This is Us plays out like a love letter to the cardboard cutouts we frequently see in the background .
Young girls love vaguely sexualized young men who gather in groups of five and sing songs about making out .
I do n't know what made me cry more , a cameo appearance from Martin Scorsese or witnessing Simon Cowell in all of his 3-D glory .
One Direction : This Is Us adequately entertains as a functioning documentary about five very young , very busy men who hardly have time to speak with their fans , let alone their parents .
For parents who must accompany them to the film , there 's good news as well : It 's far from the worst movie ever , and it lasts only 95 minutes .
There 's nothing that 's going to replace being with thousands of screaming One Direction fans at a concert . But Spurlock offers an exceptional surrogate with this film . In the world of concert movies , One Direction : This Is Us is top of the charts .
There is nothing you would n't expect , but at least it 's all done with flair .
-LSB- It -RSB- amounts to little more than a big , wet kiss to the group 's worldwide legions of young , female fans
The film does n't earn a place among the great music documentaries , but it presents its stars in 3D immediacy that likely will inspire screams and sighs wherever movies are shown .
Like 1D , concert docu is clean cut , with tiny bit of edge .
Some of the film 's most memorable moments involve Niall and Liam looking down on oceans of screaming devotees in the street , and controlling their cheers like orchestra conductors .
... whitewashed to only put the best face forward . Although there 's plenty of song , these five guys travel the world with no wine and no women except their moms -LRB- Taylor Swift , briefly attached to heartthrob Harry , has been excised -RRB- .
#RTtilyourthumbsbleed . Best . Movie . Ever .
The fact is that they are as criminally cute as a basketful of puppies . This Is Us manages to frame that boyish appeal astutely ...
It might not make you a fan of One Direction , but it will certainly make you understand the group , which is the job of any good documentary .
I am actually cheered by the prospect of our somewhat stuffy cinemas being invaded by a frenzied flock of female fans . Surely this is what we need - genuine excitement ? Kids camping out all night , dancing in the aisles and screaming at the screen .
This pretty much defines the kind of movie that is critic-proof .
The boys may have found themselves thrown together by circumstance but their affection for one another is real enough and presumably the reason behind their success .
The film is a successful witness to the great charm possessed by all five members of One Direction .
This is a love letter to the fans from five boys who know how lucky they are and like to show off for the camera .
`` One Direction : This Is Us '' leaves the larger questions it points toward teasingly unexplored , making the film little more than a harmless keepsake .
With a group so evidently versed in the visuals of rock history , it 's a shame that a filmmaker was n't hired who would pay homage to classic pop films instead of offering a satisfactory paid promotional .
Adoring hordes will no doubt devour shots of shirtless head hunk Harry , simmering `` quiet one '' Zayn and the others goofing on their minders , while nonacolytes will giggle over the Jackass-lite pranks that seem to fill most of their downtime .
It 's not that Harry Styles , Zayn Malik , Liam Payne , Niall Horan , and Louis Tomlinson are n't charming and likable . The problem is that the movie offers no way of differentiating them beyond their hairstyles .
For the most part , the movie embraces harmless fun , which can be enjoyable for the audience members , whether they 're 1D fans or not .
This Is Us is an entertaining and effective feature-length commercial .
I suspect a previous , wackier idea for the film was ditched in favour of a slick promotional video about their jaw-dropping global tour , but I also have to admit that this is a rather watchable record of a phenomenon .
An airbrushed image of celibate wholesomeness without groupies or even girlfriends , and where evidently nothing stronger than milk passes these young men 's lips .
Feature-length reality show masquerading as a documentary . Top-notch craft , lowdown whitewash .
No personal revelations surface in `` This Is Us . '' Also , no narrative , no conflict - no differentiation between band members , even , besides the designation of dark-eyed Zayn as `` the mysterious one '' -LRB- he likes to paint -RRB- .
beyond the hype there is an interesting story here , and luckily , Morgan Spurlock found it .
Filmmaker Spurlock -LRB- Super Size Me -RRB- is known for his investigative wit , but there 's none of that in this on-message doc about the most successful boy band in history .
There is a very peculiar exchange of power going on between the fans of One Direction and the band , that makes the movie feel more than anything like a horribly grovelling , Mr Slopeish bow .
Exceptionally superficial . There is hardly any mention of the music itself . The members never once discuss how they feel about their music , what it means to them or what messages they are trying to send .
Part concert movie , part bio-sketch and all commercial -LSB- but -RSB- expertly directed , handsomely shot , spiffily edited and -- perhaps most important of all -- well recorded .
A tour documentary that 's so streamlined , it could only have been produced by a machine .
The special accomplishment of One Direction : This Is Us is to balance these contradictory versions of its subjects .
Considering how our preview screening audience -- comprised of 99 % giddy female tweens and young teens -- reacted when the lights went down and this 3D film started , there could be gold in them thar boy band hills -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
One Direction : This is Us is movie fan fare as slickly assembled as the manufactured English/Irish singing group itself .
A reasonably intriguing , if rather sanitized , look at these seemingly likable young entertainers .
A briskly-paced , humorous and endearing journey that mixes concert footage and behind-the-scenes material on the boy band whose global reach is a testament to their fans and to social media .
The young stars generally come off as affable and level-headed considering their unprecedented success , although character traits begin to emerge amid the gang larks .
Here and there , the faintest glimmer of actual drama presents itself .
It 's mostly for fans , but a lot of nonfans might like it , too .
This Is Us lays the One Direction guys out as slabs of meat on the altar of teen-pop fandom , giving them little more dimension than the cardboard cutouts and posters that decorate the bedrooms of their adoring fans .
Band 's Charm Likely to Win New Fans with `` This is Us ''
Has an advantage that the Katy Perry and Justin Bieber docs did n't : Its subjects are amusing , and the fun is contagious .
For audiences willing to spend some time basking in the glow of the teen sensation of the moment , this docu-music-infomercial is as palatable , and as disposable , as the group 's hit songs .
It 's a decent enough watch and you ca n't fail to warm to the band for their honest relish of a success that did n't seem likely when they rolled in third on the X-Factor .
This does n't set out to be a movie that gets at anything more than making the One Direction guys look adorable , if maybe just a little darker than your average boy-band bunch .
The stage footage , from Madison Square Garden to Mexico City 's stadium , has some snazzy allure . The 3-D effects make fans feel like they could reach out and squeeze them .
Essentially a slick , airbrushed promo reel of a bunch of genuinely sweet superstars who ca n't believe their dumb luck . That 's charming . But it 's also a little boring . What it 's most definitely not is a documentary .
Spurlock upholds docu-clichés -LRB- childhood photos , time-lapse set-building -RRB- but brings fizz to the 3D songs and presents the fab five as your typical , likeable , everyday millionaire idols .
This is us , and we 're cute . But bloody boring .
Even calling the film a documentary feels deluded .
As slick , safe , straightforward 90-minute commercials go , ` This is Us ' also proves to be likeable harmless fluff .
Adding another must-see item to their portfolio will surely only increase One Direction 's popularity .
1D in 3D : the closest thing to a Shine A Light for Directioners .
The film 's central fivesome prove charming pallbearers throughout the film , which alternates between inspired and insipid as it hits its hagiographic marks .
No warts , no acne -- there 's not even a pimple on the butt of this on-tour portrait of the reality-bred boy popsters .
They rattle through all the hits , like Kiss You , Rock Me and I Would : songs that leave you pining for the harmonic complexity and lyrical daring of Justin Bieber .
This is not a film . It 's propaganda .

@highlight

It 's mostly for the converted , but One Direction : This Is Us will be fun for fans -- and it offers just enough slickly edited concert footage to entertain the casual viewer .