Walking with the Enemy is an intense and stirring war film that reveals several heroes heretofore unknown to most of us , and this is a good thing .
An unheralded tale of true-life World War II heroism is given standard melodramatic treatment in this earnest epic .
... perhaps a little overreaching in that it strains for epicness .
Walking With the Enemy is one of those cinematic conundrums critics face : encountering a should-be-told story in a should-be-avoided movie .
`` Walking with the Enemy '' works best for us history nuts who can get by the film 's clichés .
Cliches , subpar acting undercut effect of Holocaust drama .
Great production value & based on a true story
Like `` Defiance '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , which dramatized the resistance efforts led by the Bielski brothers , this is that rare Holocaust drama about Jews fighting back .
It is faithful enough to history to bring alive horrible memories to those among the few lucky survivors who were children at the time .
An unfussy but robust World War II drama inspired by the factual story of a small-town Hungarian rabbi 's son who used wile , guile and occasionally brute force to disrupt Nazi occupation and save countless Jewish friends and families .
An old-school drama so sincere , yet so ham-fisted , it borders on parody .
A little-known tale of Jewish resistance during the final days of WWII gets tackled with appreciable ambition and blunt , sporadic emotional force in `` Walking With the Enemy . ''
Stirring but heavy-handed depiction of W.W. II heroism in Hungary .
Sometimes awkward and melodramatic , the debut film from director Mark Schmidt nevertheless derives strength from its little-known true-life story of Holocaust heroism .
Intriguing , though cinematically prosaic and factually loose .
The film is as dramatically inert as its origins are inspirational .
A plodding and clunky drama that never misses an opportunity to embrace a cliché .
Directed with big budget panache by Mark Schmidt , Walking with the Enemy does justice to a tale that demands to be told
A badly written , poorly acted , bathetic pageant of bad wigs and worse accents , rendered with production values on a par with NBC 's recent Sound of Music mummery .
The first-time director wisely worked with experienced filmmakers , like cinematographer Dean Cundey -LRB- `` Apollo 13 , '' `` Jurassic Park '' -RRB- and a capable cast of top British actors .
Walking with the Enemy is a decent war movie that while enjoyable at times , does n't do anything to break the mould .
The film is so emotionally obvious and awkwardly handled that it does n't deserve much consideration as a political or historical statement ...
Constant title cards introducing historical figures suggest the work of a completist rather than a filmmaker who has focused the material .
Motivated by an earnest need to inspire , Schmidt 's debut suffers from stiffness but improves as it goes , the tension of its plot overcoming many dramatic failings .
A determined historical sweep masks a small-minded bid for easy outrage and heartstrings-pulling in the schematic World War II drama `` Walking With the Enemy . ''
the license taken by director Mark Schmidt and screenwriter Kenny Golde in repackaging the life story of Pinchas Tibor Rosenbaum ... goes so far out on a limb that it snaps
It does reduce a period of irredeemable horror to the heroics of a single person .
A simple retelling of these stories would have been more dramatic , more effective and more powerful .
The title `` Walking With the Enemy '' suggests a peculiar lack of urgency , so it 's a disappointingly accurate handle indeed .
This is a dark , horrible history , and yet there are times when `` Walking With the Enemy '' feels like `` To Be Or Not to Be , '' only without Jack Benny , or like `` Hogan 's Heroes '' without the jokes .
Unfortunately , the nuances of these intense scenarios are lost in favor of action beats and a bombastic orchestral score .
`` Walking With the Enemy '' does a pretty good job presenting Elek and the others in the fight as people just trying to do the right thing in awful times .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Schmidt thinks he has a ` Doctor Zhivago ' epic on his hands , but the presentation is sub-History Channel .
Ambitious , but ...
As with many other WWII films , it takes genuinely stirring source material -- a young Hungarian man poses as a Nazi to find his dislocated family -- and reduces it to its most shopworn components .
Its impact is special and inescapable .
After 20 shaky opening minutes , first-time director Mark Schmidt finds his footing with this slightly overlong English-language Holocaust drama .

@highlight

While Walking With the Enemy tells a stirring and little-known true story , it 's ultimately too heavy-handed to fully resonate .