It is good and worth seeing but not great .
While Dalser 's story makes for a potent historical parable , at times it seems like little more than a garden-variety drama about an obsessive woman 's scorn .
Bellocchio encapsulates the long-running mass hysteria of a nation enthralled by the demagogic antics of a now-seeming buffoon .
It 's a real treat to see this provocative examination of the life of fascist dictator Benito Mussolini . As Dalser , Giovanna Mezzogiorno delivers a passionate , ho-holds-barred performance . Filippo Timi is equally good as the bullish , blustering Mussolini .
The events occur not to tell a narrative , but to illustrate an emotional progress .
Carol Crivelli 's soaring classical score heightens Bellochio 's operatic tendencies .
A series of striking images that serve little purpose except to look striking .
In telling the story of one wronged woman , Bellocchio shows how an entire country was flattered and seduced , then betrayed .
An art-house version of a historical drama that takes plenty of risks -- some of which are more successful than others . But you ca n't say enough about Giovanna Mezzogiorno 's performance .
Movie starts off with a bang , but begins to lose interest as the main character -LRB- Ida Dalser -RRB- descends into mental illness .
It 's all a grand and flashy affair -- but also weirdly prone to the incoherence , redundancy and bullying dehumanization that characterized the political history it presumes to critique .
Vincere maintains its grip through sheer flair .
This skilfully made film tells a terrific story but is rather too densely packed to appeal to audiences unfamiliar with -LRB- or uninterested in -RRB- Italian history . Although it gives the wonderful Mezzogiorno yet another vivid role .
Writer/director Bellocchio boldly orchestrates a whirl of archival newsreel footage , silent-movie clips and fictional re-enactments .
A full-blooded melodrama pitched at the level of grand opera .
An audacious , wildly operatic exploration of Mussolini 's rise to power from the perspective of the secret wife whom he all but erased from history .
... an operatic sendup of the strongman as monument , a tongue-in-cheek indictment of absolute power that at times comes dangerously close to deification .
The screenplay is unkind to lead actor Giovanna Mezzogiorno , requiring her to replay the same obsessive behaviour in less-than-inspiring locales , and all the film 's energy just fizzles out .
Audiences are unlikely to feel sufficiently involved to cope with all the emotional agony .
Ravishingly beautiful , immersive and with terrific performances from the two leads , it 's a real gem .
Masterly directed . Powerful and tragic . Pure cinema .
The story might fascinate if it were n't plunged into a stylistic deep freeze -- when your best sequences are chunks of greatest-hits newsreel , you 're clearly in trouble .
An occasionally exhilarating retelling of a fascinating , little-known story . And how Mezzogiorno missed awards consideration is a mystery .
An astute study of amour fou and a cautionary tale about how the worship of false idols can lead to personal and national collapse .
The film 's stylistic explosiveness extends from its powerful music to the graphics hurled out from the screen with the panache of a Mussolini-era newsreel .
Timi is a powerful presence and Mezzogiorno is mesmerising as she moves from obsessive lover to scorned mother , doomed to exile from her son in various rural asylums .
Imaginatively directed and superbly written , this is a powerfully emotional drama with a terrific central performance from Giovanna Mezzogiorno .
Quite the most unusual and striking film I 've seen in some time .
Bellocchio has turned the story of Mussolini 's discarded wife and son into a movie that has some of the bully swagger and excess of Il Duce himself .
What makes Vincere watchable is its big flourishes and its relevant history lesson .
Vincere puts on an often exhilarating show
If Vincere gives viewers a new angle on a seemingly familiar subject , it 's worth catching primarily for Mezzogiorno 's sympathetic turn as Dalser .
The main reason to see this movie is the terrific acting of Mezzogiorno . Her facial expressions and body language convey far more than mere words can express .
Giovanna Mezzogiorno 's performance is so rife with eroticism and anger that it 's practically operatic . Yet it remains firmly grounded in reality .
Vincere 's images are indelible , if oddly romantic , as dangerously seductive as Il Duce himself .
Vincere is a gripping presentation of a little-known true story and its historical lessons .
Vincere is big on visual gestures , and many of them are stunning . But the most powerful moments come when the main characters get to speak plainly and passionately .
As strong as its production values are -- and as good as Giovanna Mezzogiorno 's performance is -- Vincere is an uneven melodrama .
The untold story of how fascist strongman Benito Mussolini rose to power by trampling on the woman who loved him is a bracingly cinematic lesson in how all politics is personal .
lives up to the translation of its title -LRB- `` win '' -RRB- and then some .
The effect of Mezzogiorno 's quiet acting is similar to people who whisper all the time , forcing you to lean closer to hear what they 're saying .
The film could have benefited from a more straightforward style of story telling and not co-screenwriter/director Marco Bellocchio 's gimmicky , almost fantasy-like stylings .
Vincere is a thrilling period drama about the power of delusions .
There 's visual poetry here and haunted performances from Mezzogiorno and Timi -- who plays two roles , and is especially gripping as Dalser 1/2 1/2s grown son .
Writer-director Bellocchio is just as fascinated with the emotional temperature of Italy in the Mussolini years as he is with the travails of Ida Dalser at the hands of her beloved Il Duce .
If you ever wondered what a film combining the visual , aural and dramatic excesses of `` Pink Floyd The Wall '' and `` Evita '' might be like , look no further than `` Vincere . ''
A passionate , bold look at power , paranoia and betrayal in a little-known corner of history , Vincere is steamy , sad and so Italian it feels like an opera .
Bellocchio tells the film 's historical story in an electrifying fashion , mixing in newsreel footage , on-screen slogans and Futurist art , a bit of thunder and lightning and Carlo Crivelli 's boom-boom score .
One of the best foreign films in years .
Mezzogiorno gives the performance of a lifetime . This film should not be missed .
A glimpse at the private romance of a fascist leader
It 's grand , heartbreaking material , made even more riveting by the fact that it is very likely true .
The historical equivalent of a gossip rag , all flailing arms and weeping assertions .
Director/co-writer Bellocchio -LRB- `` Devil in the Flesh '' -RRB- is a master of darkly poetic visuals : snowflakes representing a vast multitude of undelivered letters , a parade of the blind , a Dante-esque madhouse-prison and more .
Giovanna Mezzogiorno plays Ida , and if you know Mezzogiorno you know instantly why this film is worth seeing .
The brave and unflinching performance of Giovanna Mezzogiorno is the foundation upon which the bedrock of Vincere rests . She 's the heart and soul of the film .
Bellocchio 's talent for expressive visuals is everywhere in evidence . It 's the script that needs more balance .
With wild collages of newsreel footage , swirling newspaper headlines , text , and music , Bellocchio fashions a melodrama of epic proportions .
Bellocchio 's priorities are electrically clear . Sensation , sensation , sensation . The effect is a rare kind of moviegoing chaos . Are we to laugh , cry , scratch our temples , or grab our dates ? In the spirit of the movie , do them all at once .
The film is beautifully well-mounted . The locations , the sets , the costumes , everything conspire to re-create the Rome of that time . It provides a counterpoint to the usual caricature of Mussolini .
Mezzogiorno plays Dalser with the kind of fervent intensity once seen in silent films ...
If veteran Italian filmmaker Marco Bellocchio 's wild and woolly version can be believed , before he became the Fascist clown `` Il Duce , '' Benito Mussolini was a hunk .
Here , in microcosm , is the tragedy of totalitarianism and its impact on the human soul .
Instead of focusing on re-creating historical moments , Bellocchio invents one truly stunning image after another to fill in the blanks around the historical moments .
An intense and intriguing , if at times uneven , film with Italian director Marco Bellocchio wringing every drop of emotion out of his actors and his audience before it is over .
... for the most part -LSB- Bellocchio -RSB- holds our attention through sheer style .
Bellocchio has taken a little known piece of history ... and filmed it with an expressionistic style that can be dramatically operatic but also frustratingly abstract .
The movie , a near-masterpiece , is a monument to intoxication : of sexual conquest , of military conquest , and , most of all , of cinema .
Captivating , taut , absorbing and invigorating with exquisitely stylish cinematography and a mesmerizing , tour de force by Giovanna Mezzogiorno .
A sustained , alternatingly exhausting and aesthetically exhilarating howl of a film .
Evokes the historical weight of Europe 's Fascist tragedy on a small , resolutely humane , scale .
Bellocchio 's bigger-than-life story requires over-the-top performances , which are provided by Giovanna Mezzogiorno as Ida and Filippo Timi as the young Mussolini and , later , his grown son .
At its center are a strong Filippo Timi as Mussolini and , in a shattering performance , Giovanna Mezzogiorno as the woman he cast aside in the name of expediency .
Gripping melodrama with a courageous woman at the center is all the more fascinating because it 's true .
grandiose
A visually sumptuous Italian drama about the shadow side of power-hungry leaders and lovers who tell themselves stories that have no resemblance to reality .
Vincere starts to run dry of stunning visual gambits and become redundant in its second hour , as the madhouse sequences dominate , but Bellocchio 's central premise retains its power and poignancy throughout .
Vincere drives aggressively and confidently as it builds a case against the ruthlessness of Mussolini , molding a motion picture of threadbare reality , but convincing dynamism .
Vincere -LRB- which translates as `` win '' or `` vanquish '' -RRB- is a triumphant combination of personal and political filmmaking .
A movie whose audacious editing fully captures the hot and heavy relationships between past and present , sex and politics , reality and , yes , cinema .
Her story is one of endurance and martyrdom , and Bellocchio treats her with grave courtesy , focussing on her battered face as she is subjected to years of beatings in the asylum , and on her drive to escape .
Masterfully conceived and skillfully executed Marco Bellocchio 's examination of Mussolini 's rise to power , at the great expense his first wife , is an unforgettable blending of elevated cinematic language .
Forty-four years after his exciting debut feature Fists in the Pocket , Italian filmmaker Marco Bellocchio continues his late-career renaissance with the passionate , beautifully crafted , period melodrama Vincere .
Exquisite mixture of archival film and current takes on a doomed romance between Benito Mussolini and his alleged first wife .
This is one of those films that make you so wonderfully aware of the art of filmmaking , when key elements such as acting , photography , music and set magically come together .
Drips with huge stylistic flourishes that attack the audience as though with a cudgel ... its furious thundering seems to me a good match for the story .
Structurally and even editorially , it 's kind of a mess , but -LSB- it -RSB- hooked me .
If Bellocchio 's film were nothing but a recreation of a forgotten historical footnote , it would stand as an accomplished bit of work and the discussion would end there . But crafting a skillful period drama is only the beginning of the filmmaker 's ambition
An operatic tour de force .
He creates an intimate mood while alluding to the general feel of the highly chronicled era without going too far over the top or reconstructing elaborate sets .


@highlight

Part political treatise , part melodrama , Marco Bellocchio 's Mussolini biopic forsakes historical details in favor of absorbing emotion -- and provides a showcase for a stunning performance from Giovanna Mezzogiorno .