A captivating film ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Overall , a complete misfire given the talent involved .
The picture feels edited with a chainsaw , reducing Hackford 's story of desire to crummy Lifetime Movie theatrics , wasting the numerous gifts of Helen Mirren along the way .
A misbegotten jumble that clumsily synthesizes various incongruous elements .
Presumably the aim was to meld dark humor with passionate ardor and high drama , but the tone here is lumpy , crass and overheated .
It 's the story of a marriage but not the one on screen . Taylor Hackford tarnishes wife Helen Mirren 's illustrious streak but gets a paycheck . Horrible TV script .
Once Hackford has committed to the characters and to their compelling -LRB- if dark -RRB- world , he has nowhere to go but to some predecided facts that might not be the most interesting end to the characters ' journey .
If Hackford & Co. really and truly wanted to evoke the Sleazy Seventies , they should have studied Pam Grier 's filmography like a religious text .
Hackford 's films have been uneven , but he 's generally an intelligent and tasteful director . His last film , Ray , may have been his best . Unfortunately , Love Ranch is almost certainly his worst .
The only vaguely interesting aspect to this film is the subplot involving a past-his-prime Argentinian heavyweight owned by Charlie .
Even Helen Mirren on a bad day is better than nine out of ten American film queens polluting movie screens on any given Sunday , but really , this is one time she should have stayed in bed .
Try though she might , Mirren ca n't save the hackneyed and singularly unerotic story ...
A worthwhile tale might lurk somewhere in Taylor Hackford 's latest , but this flaccid look at the early days of Reno 's legalized bordello business takes a fictionalized approach to history ...
Familiar to the point of blandness . But then again , every time The Mirren walks into view ...
It 's all melodrama and yelling . The material is way beneath the actors ... at least you get to see Pesci do `` angry Joe '' again .
It starts flat and gets so tired .
Gives you only a superficial , clichéd picture of brothel life .
Love Ranch proves to be a provocative , highly entertaining and surprisingly touching peek into a unique world movies do n't often explore .
If you 've been panting to see Joe Pesci and Dame Helen Mirren get it on , hustle over to Love Ranch .
A hackneyed drama in which even Helen Mirren ca n't make much out of her bewildered character .
Screenwriter Mark Jacobson has done little to make this love triangle clearer than mud . The script is one trite cliche after another , and Pesci is little more than a caricature of himself in past roles .
Joe Pesci ended a 12-year retirement from the screen -LRB- excepting his brief turn in Robert De Niro 's The Good Shepherd -RRB- to star in this miserable drama .
Perhaps if Pedro Almodovar had directed this , it might have amounted to something . But Taylor Hackford -LRB- `` An Officer and a Gentleman , ' `` Ray '' -RRB- , Mirren 's husband , ca n't make it work .
That the cast includes Helen Mirren , Joe Pesci and Gina Gershon ought to provide redemption , but the script fails to persuade me this story needed to be told .
Love Ranch is less than two hours long , but it feels longer . Much longer -- as in long enough for the Rostovs to marry off Natasha and for Napoleon to retreat from Moscow .
Have you been waiting for Helen Mirren to run the best little whorehouse in Reno ?
In theory , it had all the signs of a ripe Mirren performance , but she 's undone by a weak script that leaves her flailing like an Olympic swimmer in a pool full of jelly .
Hackford fails to squeeze the tiniest bit of juice , sexy or comic or otherwise , out of the chintzy-libertine locale .
Love Ranch -LRB- `` inspired by a true story '' -RRB- should have been satirical . Instead , it 's just accidentally hilarious .
A movie with prostitutes , guns , boxing and Reno is crying out for the film noir treatment . Along with neon signs in the desert , give us some terse dialogue and some fatalism .
Helen Mirren 's estimable talents are wasted in this soapy puddle , which is directed by her husband Taylor Hackford .
What could have been a juicy , pulpy noir , based loosely on the real-life 1976 Mustang Ranch love triangle involving Joe and Sally Conforte and Sally 's boxer paramour , instead has the dramatic consistency of rice milk .
Novelty alone ca n't keep Love Ranch 's tiresome tropes and plodding storyline from dragging the film down through the Nevada dust .
The kind of unabashed embarrassment that should send people to their attorneys to see if there 's any legal way to get it removed from their pages on IMDB , Wikipedia , and the like .
With two great , ideally cast actors and such potentially fascinating subject matter , why does Love Ranch feel like a clumsy TV movie ?
There 's no flash , no sizzle , no surprise . Just beefcake and cheesecake , served on a plastic plate .
Well-acted but clumsy ...
For once , Mirren seems like she 's coasting in her fur coats and borrowed Dietrich attitude .
Love Ranch wo n't be everyone 's cup of glee , but if you 've enjoyed some of the more frenzied roles of the stars -LRB- think : Casino meets The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone -RRB- you can not go wrong with this delightfully unrestrained and larger-than-life spectacle .
Any performer , even a deity -LRB- and Dame -RRB- like Mirren , would struggle mightily to enliven a script this deadly .
Feels like a television movie with a fouler mouth .
Basically a lower-end HBO movie that somehow made it to theaters , Love Ranch satisfies only as a showcase for -LSB- Helen -RSB- Mirren 's well-established skills .
Mirren is fabulous , natch . Unfortunately , the script by Mark Jacobson relies on lazy storytelling . Nor does Hackford bring much energy to the direction .
Helen Mirren can make any movie more than tolerable including this soap .
Hackford gives Mirren the only real character in an ensemble filled with types .
Helen Mirren and Sergio Peris-Mencheta shine in this otherwise tawdry tale of legal Nevada brothel .
You ca n't take such sleazy surroundings and try to make it the setting of true love , especially after turning an opportunist into a tortured lover
Just another tawdry soap opera , tarted up with bigger names in hopes of lending it unearned legitimacy .
What happens when the worst tendencies of a poor screenplay are exaggerated by labored and unimaginative direction ?
`` Love Ranch '' is an off-key biopic that does n't know where to begin or end .
A tasty story about whores , boxers , jealousy and greed gets run through the wringer of mediocrity in Taylor Hackford 's limp , long-delayed drama starring his wife , Helen Mirren .
Period attention to early 1970 's is well handled and the production is solid . The story is lopsided in Helen Mirren 's favor and this creates an unbalance .

@highlight

Despite its saucy setup and the always marvelous Helen Mirren , Love Ranch is disappointingly flaccid .