I do not recommend DOA : Dead or Alive , not even to the most hardcore fan of video games . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Yuen 's propensity for impossible computer-generated slow-mo combat action wears thin .
A metaphorical training bra for ogling boys - along with second childhood Dirty Old Aged men - DOA gives new meaning to females hooking up and hanging out , when it comes to airborne upper body intimate wear and its gravity defying plastic contents alike
This film knows its genre and its audience .
Let 's hope some special form of punishment awaits the man or woman who came up with the idea of basing movies on video games .
It 's all about as thrilling as watching the countryside whiz by in the car .
There is enough masturbation fodder here to keep many 11-year-old kids who have yet to find daddy 's porn stash very happy .
DOA might as well stand for `` Dead on Arrival . ''
If you only ever see one bad movie about warrior chicks who meet on a tropical isle for a fight contest , make it DOA : Dead or Alive .
DOA is a bad , cheesy and cheap production that nevertheless has enough goofy appeal to warrant watching with your buddies ...
Quantcast The plot is but an excuse for a series of elaborately choreographed fight sequences featuring a combination of digital and wire work that somehow manages to feel completely fake despite the obvious physical exertions of its well-trained cast .
DOA was the right title for this , acronym-bending or not .
There was a time when movies like DOA : Dead or Alive lurked sheepishly at schoolboy height on video store shelves , spines straining to accommodate the charms of their actresses .
Charlie 's Angels , Survivor , American Gladiators and Girls Gone Wild are just some of the bad influences on Hong Kong action director Corey Yuen 's laughably silly adaptation of the video game DOA : Dead or Alive .
Charlie 's Angels 3 it ai n't , but big up to director Corey Yuen for crafting a splashy and appropriately trashy fighting flick that chicks can cheer for .
While the teen target audience may be convinced that this is exciting , the rest of us will leave the theater exhausted and with brain cells thoroughly fried .
Corey Yuen and his writers have adapted their dubiously titled DOA : Dead or Alive from the video game series of the same name -- apparently convinced that the scraps of backstory originally scribbled by the gamers were plenty .
DOA : Dead or Alive aspires to be nothing more than a sanctuary from thinking .
Call it the Guilty Pleasure of the year for me . Hell , it 's a heck of a lot more entertaining than Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle .
If Corey Yuen believed in truth in advertising , ala Snakes on a Plane , this flick would have a name like Jiggly Babes Kick Butt . The stuff that post-pubescent dreams are made of .
Smarmy , lasciviously trashy , butt-kicking bikini-jiggle fest
If junior high school boys wrote a cheesecake syndicated TV show and spun it off into a movie , the result would be DOA : Dead or Alive .
Pic is so insubstantial that it practically evaporates on screen .
Like Mortal Kombat with more exposition ... They 've already got the tight , muscular bodies glistening with sweat , rain and various forms of mist , kicking ass in their underwear ... So why so much story ?
A videogame-based movie that 's so bad , you wo n't believe it was n't directed by Uwe Boll !
The action has more to do with digital effects than true martial artistry , and is targeted squarely at adolescent boys too young to rent porn and gamers too lazy to yank their own joysticks .
D.O.A. : Dead or Alive can easily be described as ` Hot chicks kicking ass in string bikinis . ' And there 's nothing wrong with that .
Unquestionably brain-dead , but also a great example of unpretentious , second-gear celluloid , generated quickly , cheaply -- and for the fun of it .
Praise be to director Corey Yuen for delivering one of the year 's purest entertainments -- the best butt-kicking PG-13 bikini jiggle fest since the first Charlie 's Angels flick .
D.O.A. is meant to be a high-flying , low-cut , bloody-knuckled diversion , not a Eugene O'Neill adaptation . The picture gets the bone-breaking footage just right .
It 's got hot babes in bikinis kung-fu fighting - what more do you want of a movie ?
Tão divertido quanto acompanhar , por 90 minutos , duas pessoas jogando videogame sem jamais podermos participar da brincadeira .
as eager as anyone with a joystick in his hand , and sets up fights in quick succession , only occasionally taking a breath for a spot of volleyball among the contestants
The film 's pretty much nonstop fighting , mostly in very little clothing , with the flair you expect from a master choreographer like Yuen . It 's awesome .
The performances are so wooden that things improve when Eric frickin ' Roberts turns up with a bad wig .
Ignore .
A film that boys aged 12 to 15 are going to lap up thanks to endless shots of Valance and her curvy co-stars in their swimsuits . But with a plot even flimsier than the bikinis , there 's nothing here for the rest of us .
Yes , this is a genuinely terrible film . But it 's also good fun .
If you 're a 15 year old boy , this stands every chance of becoming your favourite film in the entire world . At the very least it 's the best movie adaptation of a video game so far .
The über-villain is played , very tragically indeed , by poor Eric Roberts , brother of Julia , and he walks and talks as if his head has been used for kickboxing practice .
An ideal vehicle for Yuen , who is a dab hand at filming imaginative hand-to-hand combat sequences .
You know what to expect with Paul WS Anderson onboard as producer .
Not all is bad . In sum , DOA is rarely good but rarely dull . This is in large part because the three leads each have some degree of transcendental charisma .



@highlight

With a ridiculous plot and comical acting , checking one 's brain at the door is required before watching DOA : Dead or Alive .