Check out Takers for end of the summer fun . Leave your brain at home .
Takers is an above average heist film and while it could have benefited from an R rating , it is still one of the better movies of the summer .
A fun and engaging film with an exciting young cast making the most out of an uneven script .
It seems the writers thought the essentials of a heist film were a half-baked heist sequence and lots of gunfire . They seem to forget that if there 's not a good story and characters in place to carry those extra elements , none of them will matter .
A mini-Michael Mann effort populated by one-dimensional clichés .
No one 's asking a low-priority contemporary robbery movie to be Rififi , but there 's such a thing as striving for some kind of quality that will set you apart from the anonymous pack . And no one thought to do that here .
Not even a good effort from Matt Dillon -- who seems to play the hard-done-by cop/security guard for the umpteenth time here -- can provide this stodgy outing with the caffeine kick it is sorely in need of .
The film borrows from dozens of classic heist pictures , but adds very little fresh , original or exciting to the mix .
Mindless mayhem perfect for fans of pyrotechnics for pyrotechnics sake !
A consistently unwatchable actioner ...
Laughable subplots about Elba 's addicted sister -LRB- Marianne Jean-Baptiste -RRB- and Dillon 's crooked partner -LRB- Jay Hernandez -RRB- only slow the action , which is all this movie has going for it .
Borrows from its ' genre without embarassing itself .
It all crumbles into a series of chaotic gun battles filled with shaky camera moves and excessive noise .
Marks the on-screen collision of Hayden Christensen and Paul Walker , two actors so charmless and wooden this reviewer feared their combined presence would result in the creation of a charisma black hole that could wipe out the universe .
Noisily vacant .
An empty-headed heist movie which makes no effort to endear us to the slick gangsters or the police pursuing them .
You could write ten thousand words about the outlandish cack-handedness of Takers , but I 'll limit myself to just seven . Crap , crap , crap , crap , crap , crap , rubbish .
There 's nothing particularly wrong with Takers , but very little that 's right .
A very coarse bit of work .
A slickly satisfying genre exercise with sufficient thrills , spills and frills to keep you hooked .
The director of Takers , a try-hard heist movie of clomping unoriginality and self-regard , is labouring under the embarrassing delusion that he 's Michael Mann .
Wall-to-wall music , glossy handheld camerawork and frantic editing all conspire to try and make this seem a lot more exciting than the relentlessly unimaginitive script deserves .
This take on the classic cop v robbers formula makes for handsome , smart and fast-paced entertainment .
Not terrible , but undemanding .
As formulaic as it all may be , Luessenhop clearly has enough confidence to leave the door wide open for a sequel . Any takers ?
Stylishly directed thriller with some terrific action sequences and mostly strong performances , but the cheese factor is ridiculously high , the characters are thinly drawn and it 's morally dubious to say the least .
There are so many laughable and tiring cop/criminal clichés it 's like they were writing a Police Squad-like spoof and then made it sincere . Save it for Spike TV or FX someday .
Zealous action fantasies , pea-brain exposition .
Your climax is a slow motion , devolved mess .
Takers in dire need of star power .
Takers early on winds itself into a generic knot and never gets loose from it .
as long as you understand exactly what kind of hack cinema you are getting into , Takers can be pretty fun .
It runs the stopwatch on a chase sequence to a comical extreme and takes way , way too long to take its final bow , in the process burning off any residual good will .
Luessenhop gets good performances but bobbles the many gunfights and action scenes ...
It 's no Heat , but it does take in a small haul of thrills .
Matt Dillon 's the only thing going for this heist flick
Takers refines a genre that has been hollowed-out by the cold repetitions of such cliché movies as Soderbergh 's Oceans franchise ...
There 's good acting and a twisting and turning plot , but a weak ending drains the film of its power .
Jimmy Buffett wrote a song called `` Overkill '' and that 's the word which best describes this high-powered yet formulaic heist caper .
a below average crime story saved by slightly above average set pieces
There is no question that the gentlemen bandits look fabulous strolling away in slo-mo from an explosion at the start of the flick . They are the epitome of cool and control , but that , in a nutshell , is all the film offers
a fast food movie , and not even good fast food . Not the Big Mac , but the cold slider that 's been sitting on a tray for hours to the point its bottom bun has turned to jelly
An above-average heist thriller that 's undone by poor screenwriting and worse post-production .
Michael Mann should sue !
Mindless mayhem perfect for fans of pyrotechnics for pyrotechnics sake !
Not a fresh idea in the script , not a fresh character , not a fresh stunt , some will feel taken by Takers . Others will find it a decent but , not great , popcorn movie .
Takers is all flash , no substance . But for two-thirds of the film that style - and the always gritty Matt Dillon - is more than enough .
Strictly matinee material .
Director John Luessenhop 's aggressive approach to action scenes is frequently inspired .
The movie falls to pieces in the midst of well-staged but poorly-shot -LRB- and ultimately ridiculous -RRB- action sequences .
It took a bunch of second-string actors too young to get a role in ` The Expendables ' and put them in a very average cops and robbers flick .
`` Takers '' should have been scooped out of the gutter and tossed away in a little plastic bag ...
For those keeping score , style just scored another touchdown against substance .
With no emotional heft to the performances , it 's hard to care whether anyone 's dreams are dashed or fulfilled . That leaves the heist itself to compensate , but it only digs deeper into tired action movie cliches .
The CliffsNotes version of Michael Mann 's Heat ... slick but forgettable .
Takers is a sterling example of how a movie can take a basic , appealing idea and turn it into something that you could easily watch while brushing your teeth , clipping your toenails , plucking your eyebrows .
Luessenhop has obviously seen Michael Mann 's ` Heat ' and liberally borrows from that film 's structure -LRB- featuring both police and heist procedurals -RRB- and over-the-top action . He lacks Manns 's sense of pacing or striking visuals .
-LSB- S -RSB- lyly set -LSB- s -RSB- up a dichotomy that is at once strange , compelling , and so pertinent that it becomes tragic ...
Someone has to say it , so I will : Shaky cam is out of control .
Once you get past the recycled quality of the characters and dialogue , the movie has some stylish action sequences and moderately clever plot turns .
Takers is a slick heist film , but that 's all it is .
I guess the easy place to start here is to call Takers the most derivative and obvious thriller to not go directly to DVD in over a decade .
Heist movies do n't have to include deep characters as long as we understand the function of each team member -LRB- The Planner , The Demolitions Expert , et.al . -RRB- , but all we get from this bunch is That Guy , That Other Guy , and The One with the Hat .
A slick thriller comprised of equal parts pretty actors , urban crime drama clichés , and cheesy lines ... The Italian Heat Job for Dummies .
` Takers ' works because of its solid pace and action scenes , including one chase sequence that will have the audience rooting for both the cops and robbers . It 's the perfect popcorn film to end the summer season .
Despite Michael Barrett 's highly creative work with his caffeinated camera , these `` Takers '' steal their scheme outright , referring to it as `` an Italian Job . '' Brazen , yes . Original ? Not so much .
It 's possible to sit through Takers , enjoy the scenery and have a good time
Takers wants to be Heat and it 's not . It 's less exciting than you hope and less involving than it needs to be .
A serviceable , passable , entertaining heist movie until it collapses under its own weight towards the end of the movie .
Solid direction , an almost-terrific story , good ensemble acting and fine behind the camera work make the trip to the air conditioned theater on these dog days of summer worthwhile .
The disparate cast tries hard to bring some personality to the movie , but their characters seem short-changed by the bad writing .
Conceived and executed with just enough skill and flair to make you wish it were better .
At least they do look sharp in those suits .
Takers is unoriginal , overlong , extremely predictable and poorly written but does contain an on-foot Parkour chase sequence that almost saves the film .
Luessenhop and his antic camera are after a kineticism that eludes them : He shoots too closely ; he 's practically crawling up his characters ' nostrils with his unhinged camera .
A Michael Mann-ish heist thriller with a pulse-pounding foot chase and some terrific stunt work offsetting its hackneyed plot and dialogue .
It 's hard to imagine anyone who sees the movie not being at least moderately engaged .
The screenplay is credited to four writers , director John Luessenhop among them , and they 've all been busy cutting-and-pasting from other movies .
` Takers ' is a solid , involving caper that steals liberally from the far superior ` Heat ' and ` True Romance ' of the mid-1990s . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
It 's cool to see a movie that does n't feel the need to make everyone likable , but the four credited screenwriters here do n't manage to make anyone worthy of our sympathy
Takers will take your money from you and leave you feeling robbed
A buffet of Gritty Crime Drama clichés that offers no surprises but nothing egregiously stupid , either .
This is sloppy stuff -- a B-movie in the less complimentary sense of the term , where you occasionally get the sense that people were n't trying all that hard .
Takers is in the running for the most unintentionally funny film of 2010 .
Remember when Paul Walker had a career , Matt Dillon had indie credibility , Jay Hernandez was just a cute face , and Chris Brown was an R&B singer without a rap sheet ?
A clumsy jumble of half-formed set pieces and flat line readings .
`` A bland barrage of bullets , bling , and bad acting . ''
The logical result of watching Heat over and over and over until your brain burns out , and then wondering what it would look like if the whole thing were remade as a Smirnoff Vodka commercial .
With apologies to Henny Youngman , take this movie -- please .
... there are a few really good action scenes , particularly a foot chase through the streets of L.A. .
A slickly efficient cops-and-robbers yarn , largely uncomplicated yet offering a few moments of insight and dramatic weight .
Amidst the gangsta posing and some overly operatic shootouts , -LSB- Dillon -RSB- helps give Takers some crucial currency .
Rap star T.I. and R&B star Chris Brown have produced the movie they thought would be fun to star in rather than the movie that would be fun to watch .
Even with all of the action , and with a few plot twists that are kinda cool , there 's really not enough to Takers to make it worth your time .
Each close-up competes to be the closest , until everything looks like Batman getting dressed .
The dialogue is clichéd and laughable . It 's a film far more concerned with style -- architectural , vehicular and wardrobe-related -- than substance .
A punchy and surprisingly un-awful actioner ...
Takers is a pretty fitting name for a movie that swipes its only good moves from earlier , better heist thrillers and other classic films .
Takers might have made a perfectly decent little B heist movie , but someone had to go and forget to give the cameraman his Ritalin .
A heist thriller that feels suspiciously like a feature-length commercial for expensive liquor .
What helps salvage the film ... are the unintentional laughs generated by the film 's outrageous gun battles , childish dialogue and an action chase featuring Brown that seems to go on forever .
Three terrific over-the-top scenes and the actors easy camaraderie make this hair-raising and thrilling .
The performers are given stock types to play , and Elba and Dillon , at least , can do a little with that .
Melting pot multicultural heist mayhem that would self-destruct a Tea Party convention , Takers gives great slickly conceived action . But the crowded cast of teflon coated conspirators and preposterous scenarios , make LA more like an Afghan war zone .
Takers is all so slickly handsome , it 's like a string of European clothing commercials interrupted by the occasional plot .
It 's a misfire with a few cracking action sequences , best viewed at home with a mute button safely within reach ... looking as though it was shot with a webcam held by someone with severe allergies .
By the time strings and slow motion tries to turn this into gangster poetry , the movie 's sunk by taking all its words from someone else 's book .
A crackling crime drama assembled from a scrap heap of hoary cliches , Takers proves that everything old can sometimes really be new again .
Leaning very heavily on style and attitude , the film wo n't win a single point for originality , but director John Luessenhop keeps the action rolling along at a steady clip .
A respectable but watered-down heist movie .
The stunt work is amazing , and the pace is breathless enough to keep one watching right up to the somewhat ambiguous conclusion .


@highlight

Takers boasts some gripping set pieces and keeps things moving quickly , but its two-dimensional characters , clichéd script , and brazenly derivative plot make it hard to recommend .