Evanescence is the movie 's most distinguishing characteristic .
3-Iron matches apparent simplicity to a beguiling inscrutability and ends with the most beautifully bizarre menage a trois to have been seen since Takashi Miike 's Gozu .
Beautifully staged an performed , a sly wit with the camera work , an almost silent presentation of a lovely story .
It 's a tribute to Kim 's masterful mysteriousness that you are never quite sure what your exact reaction should be , as well as the fact that it 's all highly intriguing rather than inscrutably annoying .
Lo mejor de esta fascinante y extraña película es todo lo que dispara en el espectador en su intento por encontrarle un significado .
3-Iron est un autre bel ajout à l'univers plus serein de Kim Ki-duk .
... μεθυστικοί ρυθμοί και εκκωφαντικές σιωπές ...
What happens is less important than how it 's happening , a film of subtle moments , with feelings and thoughts conveyed almost wordlessly , 3-Iron is both artificial and profound .
surreal
An unusual original story that 's rooted in a Buddhist parable .
A lovely little movie that nonetheless feels slight even with its metaphysical subject .
An engrossing , if demandingly obscure , watch .
A poignant love story that seems to exist off the map of the real world , living in the blank spaces vacated by others .
If the snail 's pace does n't send you to sleep , you 'll be rewarded with a tender and unusual love story .
Wings of Desire ... in reverse
What is so engaging about the film is the way its director , Ki-duk Kim , manages to keep our interest intensely focused on the couple .
The quirkiness does get a little tiresome , even though director Kim Ki-duk and cinematographer Jang Seung-beck are able to capture some eerily beautiful images .
Kim creates an offbeat -LRB- and almost entirely wordless -RRB- romance between misfits and finds beauty and tranquility in this strange form of domestic bliss .
You realize that you 've been more hypnotized than intellectually involved . The movie is nothing like a think piece , just a clever diversion , like a glossy action movie .
A movie meant to be taken on faith more than anything else . The more you can grant it , the greater the reward .
3-Iron , the latest import from a resurgent South Korean film community -LRB- Oldboy -RRB- , is only a chip shot and a short putt away from perfection .
It 's difficult to imagine an American director making 3-Iron , yet the intimate , South Korean drama has worth beyond cultural borders .
For the most part they achieve a delicate balancing act , mixing near-silent comedy with an old-fashioned sense of whimsy .
An original and stylish film that is nothing if not in a class of its own -- call it a Zen thriller .
Emotionally charged love story .
... nary a word is spoken -LRB- directly , at least -RRB- between the two leads and , instead of being ponderous or pretentious , it gives the film a light , airy feel .
It 's actually quite satisfying , in a weird , magical-realism sort of way that manages to disturb and confound as much as it appeases the romantic .
Kim works with the barest of materials but returns the viewer 's attention to the pure visual pleasure of filmmaking .
Moves from a strangely spiritual reality to a really strange spirituality -- and leaves its best parts behind .
A mesmerizing , offbeat , violent , playful yet serious parable .
It 's really a point of departure , though , toward bloodier precincts .
The oddly mystical , utterly material 3-Iron -LRB- Bin-jip -RRB- opens with a set of images and sounds almost too close to identify .
So lyrical is the movie in its wordlessness that it is practically a dance piece . And for a movie essentially without dialogue , it gives audiences plenty to talk about .
What is meant to be profoundly puzzling can start to seem just theatrically silly .
3-Iron may not be a horror movie , but it is still haunting .
The stillness of the film sticks with you ... sometimes we speak volumes without saying anything at all .
While his film is refreshingly paced , Ki-duk 's subpar ending may leave audiences in the rough .
This enigmatic and in some ways maddening motion picture has the power to haunt every viewer it reaches .
Comedy and drama intertwine with believability and power .
Odd but intoxicating ... an entrancing , uplifting fable that invites you to luxuriate in its hypnotic tempo and almost magical ambience .
More art than entertainment , in that it requires an audience to complete it
A thoroughly curious combination of tension and eroticism .
Here is where things get murky , intriguingly so .
Seems more ghostly than ghastly , a movie with a life all its own .
It 's a simple story , but do n't underestimate the power it has to engage you .
Delicate and subtle .
A lyrical , sporadically violent tale of love on the run that gradually turns into something spooky , poetic and disarmingly gentle .
A peculiar film with some inconsistencies , slow parts and redundancy -LRB- there 's really no need for multiple break-ins -RRB- , but it has the virtue of unpredictability .
Just unbelievably good .
A hypnotic , almost wordless love story about transience physical and spiritual .
An uncanny spiritual exploration of the unlikeliest of great loves .
In the actors ' wordless portrayals , Kim creates an entire world made up of gestures -- from the small to the sweeping , the logical to the enigmatic , the hilarious to the hurtful .
Their speechlessness gives this love story a ghostly , unsettling vibe , depriving us of a key way we usually get to know movie characters .
For all its pretense , 3-Iron is never pretentious and is so beautiful to look at .
3-Iron is a romance of tenderness and increasingly poignant silence .
I was bored half to death by it .
A delicate tone poem for your eyes .
It takes talent to entice an audience without any dialogue . In the case of South Korea 's Kim Ki-Duk , he 's not just good at silence ; his oddball artistry depends on it .
A lovely and sublime romantic drama ; sometimes strange , but always riveting
-LSB- B -RSB- eautifully , expressively quiet ...
A strange , marvelously romantic escapade about an unusual young man with an even more unusual pastime .
Raises questions that are more frustrating than provocative .
Unfolds on an abstract , almost dreamlike level outside the bounds of traditional narrative .
Kim 's wittiest effort to date , with a wordless performance by Jae Hee that recalls Keaton and Chaplin .
No one has ever thought this deeply about golf as a contact sport , not even the guys who make Adam Sandler movies .
belongs to the ghostly romance genre of such films as The Ghost and Mrs. Muir and Last Life in the Universe , but Ki-duk 's film has its own , haunting imprimatur .
This Korean import boasts good performances and lovely imagery , but it all feels a bit gimmicky .
Alternately witty , caustic , tender and endlessly imaginative and unpredictable , this latest film from one of Korea 's most idiosyncratic and prolific directors is as confident as its resourceful hero , Tae-suk .
As repellent and repellently opportunistic a piece of work as the various shock-horror provocations that helped to launch -LSB- Ki-Duk 's -RSB- worrisome career .
Kim Ki-duk 's touching and improbable love story is pleasingly mysterious without being too difficult and a little gimmicky but not annoyingly so .
Quiet , mysterious , sometimes violent , ultimately close to sublime .
Artful and engrossing , but the hero 's insolent silences get to be a pain .
A subversive and boldly creative Korean film about a silent young man who travels light , falls in love , and turns into a liberator .
... something close to a fairy tale , without the pessimism or irony that pervades much of Kim 's other work .
`` 3-Iron '' mesmerizes .
The change in tone , from swiftly destabilizing drama to outright fantasy , feels less like Kim provocatively switching gears , and more like he 's painted himself into a corner .
An unusual romance with minimal dialogue .
Captures raw realities about modern life while telling a genuinely touching romance using virtually no dialog .
The attention Kim pays to the spirit world is obsessive and alluring , but his view of flesh-and-blood women and victimhood is still a problem .
Kim Ki-duk 's happily unhinged drama comfortably occupies the middle ground between his baroque thriller The Isle and his meditative Spring , Summer ... .
Finally touching in its simplicity .
An oddly funny love story about dispossessed soul-mates who ultimately unlock each other 's hearts .
It 's a love story without all the verbal hooey and it hits harder than most .
Very cool , very original , and very recommendable for people into off-beat romances .








@highlight

A tender and moving romance from Spring , Summer , Fall , Winter ... And Spring 's director Kim Ki-Duk .