The Signal feels like your standard side-of-the-highway fare . It 's just not worth the mozzarella sticks .
The Signal is clever in its execution of recycled concepts .
Up-and-coming British actress Olivia Cooke and Aussie heart-throb Brenton Thwaites look more confused than the audience in this sci-fi drama .
Part horror , part sci-fi but totally engrossing , William Eubank 's The Signal is a small scale production that thrives on some very big ideas .
Adequately creepy , flashy , and/or exciting when the story calls for it , but considerably more interesting for its quieter , craftier moments .
It 's a movie of ideas rather than spectacle -LRB- Philip K Dick 's dreamy electric sheep are inevitably invoked -RRB- with some well realised visual effects -LRB- a la Ex Machina -RRB- giving it genre legs .
While following familiar sci-fi codes , what makes The Signal unique is the way it 's transmitted . Because just when you think you 've found its wavelength , it switches to another .
Although this ingenious sci-fi horror hybrid never quite delivers a story as dazzling as its visuals , its ambitions set it apart in an age of carbon-copy superhero movies .
Sadly , this flubs the landing with a banal and credulity-stretching finale that feels like a bad Twilight Zone episode , but the first hour or so is terrific .
Pity the poor actors trapped in a cinematographer 's world .
William Eubank continues to work his particular mind-stretching mix of acute character interplay and cosmic conceptual breakthrough .
The more original and clever Eubank is aiming to be , with an ambitious conceit folding in biological experimentation , Area 51-style paranoia and X-Men superpowers , the hokier and more derivative he seems .
Though it begins as an impressionistic road movie , segues into paranoid sci-fi , then morphs into something completely unhinged , The Signal has been made with much great care .
The Signal might seem like just another entry for the ongoing pile of lo-fi , stargazing fare , but a few unexpected virtues help it resonate more than most .
Much more elaborate than the typical example of ` Sundance science fiction ' ...
It is as if someone had decided to turn high-concept SF into a lyrical indie poem , where ideas and feelings trump noisy genre gestures - which makes the film stand out , quietly , from the crowd , even as it confronts the bounds of infinity .
Beyond the endless ambiguity of the plot , the film also leans heavily on the relationships between the three leads , which are thin at best .
Despite some scattered scenes of inspired weirdness , the film winds up more heavy-handed than provocative .
Eubank makes up for occasional cinematic stasis with a convincingly mysterious viewing experience that successfully sustains interest all the way to the final frame .
Slyly stylish sci-fi - and strangely surreal .
THE SIGNAL is the second feature by former cameraman William Eubank , and it looks terrific . He clearly understands the concept of visual space and clarity , rather than the cluttered jumble of so many other sci-fi movies .
Captivating and engrossing ... -LRB- but it -RRB- becomes too derivative by the end as well as a head-scratcher for viewers .
`` The Signal '' is completely underwhelming -- not enough science in the fiction . And certainly not thrilling .
I found this film to be sufficiently intriguing ... it poses enough of a mystique that you feel compelled to anticipate the outcome .
You spend a lot of the movie confused , but the great big reveals of its finale do n't feel very shocking at all .
There 's something welcome about a motion picture that does n't hand out a dumbed-down resolution in a neatly wrapped package .
Stylish sci-fi visuals are n't enough to keep The Signal from collapsing under its own emo poetics and landing in a dead zone .
There are moments of levity in The Signal too , but it 's for the most part direly po-faced .
Eubank could have a terrific future as a director . As a screenwriter , though , maybe not so much .
A fascinating head-scratcher , where the audience 's bewilderment is equal parts clever scripting and random weirdness .
The Signal may come down to an ending that ca n't quite rise to meet the power , pleasure and performances of the film that precedes it , but as the striking and exciting work of a young talent worth making noise about , you can hear it loud and clear .
`` The Signal '' is a sci-work of thoughtful hints and feints , but the movie 's big reveal raises as many questions as it answers .
In spite of vague ` Heroes ' like plot and familiar twists , the film 's visuals are a kick .
There 's bravura manipulativeness to The Signal , the stylish , slyly funny question mark of a movie from director and co-writer William Eubank .
The Signal is too ambitious for its own good , but it is still a pleasure to watch .
Smart and thrilling , without ever really tipping its hand about just what game it 's playing .
Eubank 's talent is not at all in doubt , and science-fiction mavens who embrace this picture will rightly be excited for whatever he turns to next .
Not horrible but frustrating in its execution and wasted potential . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
You would n't be surprised to see Mr. Eubank directing a bigger-budget movie down the road , but this film demonstrates some blanks in his approach that still need to be filled in .
A slow-starting but smart and deliciously weird sci-fi thriller ...
Let The Signal take you by surprise . And it will .
It 's all a mystery in The Signal , which means that it ends just as it starts to get interesting .
... a visually smart little sci-fi ditty .
Eubank 's directing style jumps around as he goes from shaky hand-held shots to sequences filmed with so little movement they play as being very cold .
After a half an hour , the developments grow busy rather than mysterious , the focus blurs and the kicker ending - well , I was neither surprised nor satisfied .
It 's fun while it lasts , though it feels less like a completed movie than a demonstration of director William Eubank 's spooky ability to shift gears and string genres together .
Ambitious enough to be interesting , The Signal is an original genre exercise that does n't always work , but is certainly worth a look .
Ultimately , the seemingly low-budget The Signal , with its not-yet-recognizable young cast , delivers some goofy but deadly serious fun .
Eubank has proved he can work with actors and has the technical proficiency to make a film but the idea behind this `` Signal '' is weak .
Signal thinks big , takes chances and has enough arresting scenes to stand apart from the science fiction films of late .
An intense sci-fi thriller -LRB- minus the superheroes and franchise formulas -RRB- .
A less than wholly satisfying destination , despite some fun detours .
It was made with great ingenuity and technical expertise on an exceedingly small budget . What 's missing , however , is density , complexity and surprise .
Director William Eubank seems more concerned with building to an epic , superpowered ending rather than anything making a lick of sense . In the spirit of the characters and audience , though , it feels right .
The Signal does n't bludgeon you in the manner of big-budget misfires like Transcendence -- it retains the appearance of freshness -- but it does n't slake your thirst for story , either .
This sci-fi puzzler by cinematographer-turned-director William Eubank often recalls the work of Shane Carruth -LRB- Primer , Upstream Color -RRB- in its low-budget resourcefulness and creeping , gnawing paranoia .
Thwaites is an actor to watch in launch mode , for he easily anchors a flighty sci-fi thriller , one both provocative and challenging , but utterly without obligation to satisfy our piqued curiosity .
In the set-up , William Eubank acquits himself decently as co-writer and director . But the payoff is just too ridiculous to work .
There is no doubting Eubank 's talent at bringing a story , one he co-wrote , to the screen .
Amid all the self-conscious virtuosity , certain things are right .
For a while , a little while , it seems like it just might be interesting .
`` The Signal '' is a super-fascinating movie , with a whole lot of good ideas . It does n't quite bring them together or congeal them into a coherent whole
The film 's ambition and eclecticism would be much more admirable if it did n't feel like three bad movies for the price of one .
Too cerebral for the SyFy Channel but too silly for any other venue ... -LSB- a -RSB- stylish thriller that offers sporadic chills amidst some very pretentious patches on its way to a pedestrian finish .
There is certainly an intriguing , horrific set-up in `` The Signal '' . But where `` The Signal '' goes is probably the least interesting place that Eubank could 've taken us from where he started us .
Every bit of action is in service of the big moment meant to blow your mind . Alas , you touch your head and discover your mind remains intact , largely unstimulated .
Strong sci-fi grapples with its premise instead of concealing it .
Though you could argue that Eubank simply throws in bits of a dozen classic sci-fi movies without ever making them cohere , the way he springs open his various trapdoors makes the film an entertaining tumble down the rabbit hole .
... a bit like seeing a Nike commercial make a drunken pass at its friend 's manga collection while the X-Files DVDs watch from across the room ; it may not make much sense , but at least it 's never boring .
Things quickly fall apart , with a pileup of sub-Rod Serling narrative twists , a choppy action sequence heavy on the Michael Bay slo-mo and a sequel-ready climax ...
If all this sounds like a souped-up episode of The Twilight Zone or The X-Files , then you 're in the right ballpark - or underground bunker .
There 's more going on in the sci-fi mystery thriller ` The Signal ' than shocking surprises - just not a lot more .
Even though `` Signal '' is n't great sci-fi , you 'd never know it to look at it and listen to it . Visually and sonically gorgeous and eerie
You know what could have made a thrilling twist ? Developing the established story , themes , and characters into something satisfying before trying to splatter our minds all over the theater like chunks of Gallagher 's watermelons .
Beautifully executed , not-quite-satisfying sci-fi head-scratcher .
The Signal does boast some good ideas and effective moments , but for the most part its ambitions and execution of those ambitions are on different wavelengths .
New director William Eubank gives it a good try but fails to capitalize on a good idea .
Recycled myths
William Eubank and co. dream up several stirring images but without the foundation that would allow us to genuinely care , it 's a hell of a calling card for a gifted stylist , but little more . Still , there 's no mistaking ambition .
This is a great endorsement of Eubank to take on larger films in the future . Should he get his hands on a more fleshed-out -LRB- and thought-through -RRB- screenplay , he may transform and adapt into a world class pop filmmaker .
Even as its reach ambitiously exceeds its grasp , The Signal is a calling card heralding the arrival of a promising new talent who offers a welcome rejoinder to small-scale formula .
The Signal is a welcome `` agitation '' that makes some of Hollywood 's latest sci-fi blunders nothing but a distant memory .
The titular signal refers to the Nomad hacker 's taunts , though it may as well point to the film 's nature as a self-styled calling card .
A film more interested in surface flash than in narrative coherence or character depth .

@highlight

Director William Eubank clearly has big ideas and an impressive level of technical expertise ; unfortunately , The Signal fritters them away on a poorly constructed story .