The cinematography is gorgeous and the fusion of CGI and real characters seamless . Even more outstanding is the script that never stalls and blends characters , plot , and themes in ways that entertain and inspire .
What 's been missing from the series since the first film is a strong , memorable adversary .
... rushes from the screen with ambition and color , excitement and thrill , and a relentless sense of optimism that catapults the story and its visuals to striking heights .
A good old-fashioned adventure story , this family-friendly film benefits from several outstanding supporting characters .
The only `` Narnia '' Chronicle that 's a worthy challenger to the far more popular Harry Potter pictures
While `` Dawn Treader '' still had the look , it did n't feel like a Narnia film because of its meandering storyline .
This is designed to keep the children happy over the Christmas period and fans of CS Lewis will enjoy the fact that it 's a pretty faithful adaptation . But those wanting something different from the usual CGI extravaganza would do well to look elsewher
Lacking a strong central narrative force , there is little sense of what is at stake .
the film finishes with a suitable roar .
The only thing more emblematic of this franchise would have been had the ship sank at the end .
... A perfectly bland blockbuster ; as flat as a still ocean and pioneering , in the sense that its synthetic vistas and passionless players , somehow plasticise the imagination .
The series ' most entertaining movie so far ... -LSB- But -RSB- either the screenwriters do n't understand Lewis 's story , or they 're actively subverting ideas he illustrated beautifully .
A little uneven , highlighting an unlikable character , but also incredibly enjoyable when the film is focused on the magnificently imaginative Narnian visuals .
The lead kids here have their charms , and while the film is functional it lacks distinction and a passionate sense of drive .
Many families will find this installment the most entertaining , action-filled , and humorous of the three .
The shortest of the Narnia movies -LRB- and also the worst -RRB- ...
This is the shortest -LRB- just under two hours long -RRB- and the fastest-moving of the franchise so far .
The narrative sometimes gets becalmed and the tale 's Christian allegory is blatantly unsubtle , but Apted and cinematographer Dante Spinotti do manage to conjure the odd moment of visual wonder out of the quest .
It 's not a film that has anything like the thematic weight of The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , but what it does offer is a fun and exciting -LRB- but not too scary -RRB- time at the movies for kids .
-LSB- M -RSB- eek fantasy fare that 's overbudgeted , underwritten , and while it may have happened this way in the novel , that does n't mean it is any good , nor that we should give it a free pass ...
Michael Apted keeps the story moving and finds more humour in the adventure than was offered in the darker Caspian installment .
Quaintly enjoyable enough in its own way . Until it 's slowly sunk by a certain divine Lion , bringing along all his earnestness and preciousness . It 's a ride , all dressed up as a child-hero fantasy quest , that 's meant to lead us to one red-light moral .
Their joyous return to Narnia washes away as their comfort in the face of the fantastic sets in . Nothing appears new to them , and likewise , nothing enchants us .
The standard perils of sequels are visible ... but a great deal of care and thought has let the filmmakers avoid most of the pitfalls and clamber out of the rest relatively unscathed .
Adventure and fun for the entire family with an easy to follow story .
With no real sense of danger or urgency , the `` adventure '' of the Dawn Treader remains as by-the-books and generic as ever .
The faux-Odyssean trials the characters face are also paradoxically so strained that they often look more arbitrary than thoughtful .
Forget the Titanic : The Dawn Treader is the real sinking ship .
Director Michael Apted has injected a greater sense of adventure in this installment , though the references to having faith do little to prevent much of the dialogue from sounding very much like a Sunday sermon
Not quite a must-see , The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is nonetheless a sturdy outing with many of the charms that have become franchise trademarks .
At least the sea serpent -- part cobra , part eel -- is fierce , and welcome ...
full review at Movies for the Masses
Comfortably the worst of the three movies ... perversely anti-fun in a way that no fantasy epic has any right to be .
You ca n't help wishing the film well , though doubting whether it will get anywhere near Harry Potter 's lot at the box office .
It seems to suffer from a general malaise , lacking a proper villain and having only a couple of interesting characters .
I 'm hard-pressed to work up the energy to actively loathe it . Let 's say I passively dislike it and let it go at that .
Simple and satisfying ; the best of the three
What a lovely finale and final -LRB- I think -RRB- installment of the fantasy/Christian allegory created by C. S. Lewis .
It 's hardly groundbreaking , but after the stodgy , cluttered , overblown last couple of Potter pics this unpretentious fantasy flick feels like a nostalgic return to the glory days of Ray Harryhausen .
A joyless lesson in overstaying one 's welcome . Everything about this movie is marked down like a fire sale . The visuals look shoddy and the uninspired script is a dud that requires no effort by the young cast .
Dawn Treader is far more reminiscent of the vibrant and optimistic The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe than of its dark and violent sequel , Prince Caspian .
It feels like a spin-off with no real logic . They 're shocked sea serpents exist , but seven magic swords on the dinner table makes perfect sense .
This is simply time-filling nonsense designed for those who ca n't yet handle the infinitely superior Harry Potter films .
No need to tread lightly . The third installment to the Chronicles of Narnia definitely fairs better than the last one , Prince Caspian , but it still ca n't hold a candle to the first Narnia movie
... a voyage to nowhere that may actually keep young viewers from reading the books .
We might all be grateful for the persnickety Eustace , who doubts the existence of Narnia even when he lands splat in it .
Unlike its well-received predecessors ... the latest widescreen cinematic edition , based on the 1952 book , feels feeble and undernourished , with drab use of 3-D effects to boot .
A falta de estrutura de A Viagem do Peregrino da Alvorada representa um dos principais problemas da narrativa .
It is a fun film that runs under two hours and more or less gets the job done , and while it is far from perfect as family entertainments go this one is of a much finer pedigree than I anticipated beforehand .
Dawn Treader delivers some epic-sized adventure , but it simply is n't good enough to extend the franchise .
If this truly is the last Narnia film , the series will end on a strong note . I 'm not ashamed to say I cried like a baby at the end .
A rousing adventure that 's enjoyable even if it still feels rather sanitised
Though never bad , it does feel awfully tired at times , as fantasy fatigue slowly catches up to it .
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader has an inspired moment or two , but only the most devoted fans will truly feel its magic .
The strength of this film is the good , old fashioned adventure aspect . It 's a lot of fun , and the journey is a blast with your kids in tow .
If The Voyage of the Dawn Treader never commits the offense of being spectacularly bad , it 's guilty of what might be a far more sinister crime : profound mediocrity .
Could be an optical illusion , but it seems that a flat , dull movie shot in 3-D just looks flatter and duller .
Sequels rarely outdo the original movie , and Voyage of the Dawn Treader is no exception . Still , it 's a swashbuckling adventure story that kids will love , so what 's not to like ?
The film feels impersonal and obligatory . Not even a last-reel appearance by the lion Aslan -LRB- possibly the greatest computer-generated animal character of all time -RRB- can make this one a keeper .
Engaging third Narnia adventure is fun for tweens and up .
An ocean pouring out of a painting into a bedroom is just plain cool . Dufflepuds that look like Oompa Loompas with one foot are just plain cool .
The visual splendor is still there , in moderate amounts .
The Chronicles of Narnia : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is still very much a `` Narnia '' movie . In other words , it 's filled with fantastical creatures , bloodless battles , quasi-mystical undercurrents and an unfortunate helping of hooey .
Despite some rejiggering of the book 's plot , it 's a film that should please Narnia fans and , if it does well , may lead to the return of Eustace in the next installment , The Silver Chair . Here 's hoping .
The 3-D effects are standard , the children and the prince are a bit bland , and Michael Apted 's direction veers into listlessness , but there is , at times , a pleasing elegance to the production , too . It does n't assault you .
Let 's not go to Narnia again . It 's a silly place .
The Voyage Of The Dawn Treader is the most crudely constructed of the films , loosely stitching together the set pieces with comical altercations between Eustace and his courageous cousins .
While this sea-bound quest lacks depth , there are enough invisible mansions , slave traders and sea serpents to keep youngsters entertained .
All that hurts the production is the less-than-stellar acting .
An utter shipwreck , a would-be adventure with meager rations of magic and a listless crew .
... it 's instructive to consider the care and craft that has gone into each successive Potter film while Narnia offers up only ever-diminishing returns
While it does not have as much charm as the earlier films in the series , the film certainly has more than its share of funny moments and action that will keep viewers entertained .
It 's still a fun family adventure , but it could have -LRB- and should have -RRB- been better .
A scaled-back , rather dull addition to the NARNIA franchise . Good for VERY young children , but no one else .
Apted is one of the most confoundingly inconsistent big-name directors , responsible for both the astonishing `` 7 Up '' documentaries and the insipid `` Nell , '' but he somehow keeps `` Dawn Treader '' on course .
More like Voyage of the Yawn Treader ... I was almost totally bored by this third , and perhaps most tryingly pious , installment in C.S. Lewis 's fanciful spin on Christian mythology ...
Is it possible that the makers of The Voyage of the Dawn Treader have made the best film in the series to date while while charting a course even further from the book ? I think it is .
This is a fitting end to the story , so let 's hope it is The End .
with The Voyage Of The Dawn Trader , the franchise has managed to deliver its best adventure yet , and I 'm curious to see if it ends up being too little too late .
Only two characters are worth much notice ; neither is a prince , and one is a really big mouse , which tells you something sad about Narnia 's royal family .
Apted brings back a sense of the old-fashioned fun of the low-tech 1960s myths-and-monsters matinees , when no roiling sea ever failed to harbor a giant serpent -- and men stood in the bows of ships facing peril with chins of iron .
It 's great to be back in Narnia .
Voyage of the Dawn Treader reinvigorates the franchise and shows there actually is life left in the series with the right hand at the helm .
Voyage of the Dawn Treader is on par with the two previous Narnia films . If you 're a fan of the books , you 'll probably enjoy it .
Where the others aimed for greatness and missed , this one aims for middle-of-the-road and basically hits it .
Lewis ' allegorical lectures on living rightly are here , but their weight is missing .
If you 're a big fan of the first two ` Narnia ' movies , you 'll get some entertainment value out of seeing ... well , half of your favorite characters get closure . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
The most remarkably unremarkable fantasy franchise around does n't exactly break that streak with The Voyage of the Dawn Treader , but it comes the closest so far in the series to achieving satisfying , rip-roaring adventure ...
Only for the Lewis faithful .
Lacking almost all of author C.S. Lewis ' metaphysical depth and fantastical breadth , The Chronicles of Narnia : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a middling fairy tale posing as genuine mythology .
The third installment is n't up to par in many aspects , but that 's not to say that there is n't some fun to be had out to sea .
The screenplay by series adapters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely and `` Narnia '' newcomer Michael Petroni -LRB- `` Queen of the Damned ' -RRB- is a dense problem that director Michael Apted could not solve ...
The series moves smoothly into 3D , designed to draw you into the world of Narnia .
This picture ... mostly plays like a perfunctory cross between watered-down iterations of The Wind in the Willows and any Pirates of the Caribbean movie ...
This third trip to Narnia is the opposite of a charm .
Dawn Treader , the name of the ship in the story , should here be rechristened Yawn Treader .
Discerning young people are n't likely to find Dawn Treader very challenging or engaging and the accompanying adults are certain to find it pretty bland fare ...
A decent family adventure , perfectly suited to a cold Saturday morning -- and likely to be forgotten by Sunday .
Oh , there are sword fights aplenty -LRB- as bloodless as ever -RRB- , but instead of a real story , we are left clinging to individual moments .
What kid has n't dreamed of being a queen or king in another world ?
The magic is over , folks . The third and likely final entry in the Narnia franchise is a listless , plodding bore .
It 's serviceable , but certainly not much fun .
Unfortunately , between its ripsnorting beginning and moving finale , Apted 's film sails into the doldrums .
And provided you keep your expectations low . Part three lacks the scope , ambition and execution of the first two in the series .
The beguiling creature design -- from minotaur to dragon , sea serpent to one-footed dwarf -- and 3D effects heighten the illusion of a storybook coming alive .
... seems to be straining to introduce its adventures this time around , but young Poulter and his alter ego maintain interest .
The film is merely okay , and that 's disappointing . With such strong source material and the future of the franchise uncertain , this Voyage should have been better .
Its attempts to overcome the story 's episodic nature are clumsy , its effects only intermittently special , and its dufflepuds not nearly funny enough .
You know you 're not worth saving when the House of Mouse gives up on you .
The story bounces from island to island and event to event with a sense of humor , but no sense of flow or drama except during the fight sequences .
Provides rousing enough young family entertainment - though there 's less to engage maturer Lewis fans and possible disappointment for older teenagers .
Except for a few familiar faces , the uninspired , desperate-looking The Chronicles of Narnia : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader does n't bear much resemblance to its predecessors .
Though the 3-D effects sometimes feel like overkill , the adventure is as stirring as the previous movies .
Visually opulent , but episodic and , despite all the action , oddly tame and lethargic .
Wonderful escapist fantasy flows non-stop in the best instalment in the Narnia series to date .
As the first installment in 3-D , it 's swashbuckling - if a bit shallow .
This is a rip-snorting adventure fantasy for families , especially the younger members who are not insistent on continuity .
This retelling of `` Dawn Treader '' is relentlessly goal-oriented -- our heroes must collect seven swords , and free a bunch of people imprisoned in mysterious green mist -- in a way Lewis ' book simply is n't .
It 's true that Voyage Of The Dawntreader - as with all CS Lewis books - lionises God in more ways than one , but Christians are not the sole proprieters of the moral lessons learned .
It never exhibits any sense of urgency or excitement , nor a real reason for continuing the saga that was postponed two years ago .
... panders to the Christian market while simultaneously tiptoeing around it .
Pausing the special effects kills the established oomph , bestowing tedious exposition to actors who are n't skilled enough to make their transformations interesting , led around by an overwhelmed Apted .
The clergymen who sat near me at a recent screening seemed to approve . I 'll bet they know when a sermon is running too long . Fox will probably see the light .
Its plodding pace and sense of perfunctory magic rather than real wit lays bare all the reasons the franchise has never really taken off .
-LSB- The film -RSB- plays possum with its themes of Christian good vs. ungodly evil , so that its loosey-goosey conceit is not driving the film -- a sleek effects vehicle , to be sure -- but getting taken for a ride
Shut your ears to the dialogue , and the dinning of New Testament pedagoguery , and you might almost have a good time .
The `` quest '' element , a common fantasy staple , is uninspired and perfunctory , and there 's a growing sense throughout the movie that there 's no real point to any of what is occurring .
Enjoyable children 's adventure enlivened by strong performances , solid direction and some impressive effects work ...
The best thing about the film is neither the top-notch CGI nor the shallow moral lessons but the performance of Will Poulter as Lucy and Edmund 's insufferable cousin Eustace Scrubb .
There 's a businesslike , barrel-ahead determination to the proceedings , as if the players -LRB- and , in the bigger picture , the producers -RRB- were ticking off items on an agenda : three volumes down , four to go if Walden Media commits to the whole shebang .
It 's not a shipwreck of a film , managing to stay afloat and be mildly entertaining for two hours . But it 's not especially good , either .
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader should have been a great , seafaring adventure and instead it 's a wishy-washy affair where all-aboard seem rather wet , for all the wrong reasons .
Veteran director Michael Apted opts for the virtues of old-fashioned story-telling to craft a cracking adventure yarn shot through with some -- but not too many -- psychological overtones .
Rote and humorless and muddied by perfunctory 3D .
Apted gives it little sense of scope or purpose ; everything feels perfunctory as in a bad video game .
This f/x-heavy third adaptation of the Christian-themed fantasy series feels routine and risk-averse in every respect , as if investment anxiety had fatally hobbled its sense of wonder .
It 's good to see the spirit of English craftsmanship alive , even if applied to ephemeral effects .
It would be too much to say Apted has revitalised the franchise - this is still not as good as it could be - but the third of Lewis ' novels always seemed like it would suit the modern screen and , to a certain extent , it has .
The really good news is that if you 're looking for a thoroughly enjoyable family outing this Christmas , you need look no further . This is a delight .
It 's thoroughly satisfying and enjoyable and leaves you wanting more ... roll on -LRB- hopefully -RRB- the next in the series , The Silver Chair .
This tedious third entry does n't bode well for the continuation of the franchise .
Never thought we 'd say it , but Voyage Of The Dawn Treader injects just enough oomph back into the limping kiddie-adventure franchise to make us almost wish for Narnia No. 4 . Almost .
A spirited and visually resplendent fantasy adventure that is let down by it 's youthful cast .
`` The Chronicles of Narnia : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader '' is blandly enjoyable but never fun or gratifying .
The Dawn Treader will henceforth be known as the Yawn Spreader ... for its magical ability to bring boredom to cinemas between here and the outermost reaches of Aslan 's Country .
An entertaining escapist fable .
It wo n't cross over to an adult audience , but it should divert children with some prior knowledge of the books .
Their mission - for reasons that are not fully explained - is to locate the seven swords of the lost Lords of Narnia , and to use them to save this world from ... something . Uhh , quick a distraction ! Look , special effects !
Voyage of the Dawn Treader has all the magic of a toy boat in a bathtub -- it does n't look real , feel real or provide much excitement except for the very young .
The special effects can hardly be classified as special -LRB- although a post-production conversion to 3D can take some of the blame -RRB- . The acting of the young , plummy-talking cast is bland and rough editing of key scenes will leave some viewers puzzled .
Michael Apted opts for a certain dated and mannered appeal with a whiff of nostalgia for more innocent times , which lends added enchantment .
Over the interminable 112 minute running time of Michael Apted 's -LRB- film -RRB- , not a single discernable artistic reason emerges as to why 20th Century Fox would have wanted to adopt the third instalment of Disney 's jettisoned franchise .
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader may not reinvent the fantasy genre , it may not transcend the medium , but it is an impressive feat of imagination .
While Dawn Treader is competent enough , with good special effects , it never rises to great heights . There 's something a little stolid and bland about it , even when the fantasy elements are at the fore .
The action is decent and the film mostly looks impressive but the end result is a film that is merely serviceable in its ability to deliver an entertaining experience .
A big improvement on the first two and a potent antidote to HP7 .1 , Narnia III is strongly recommended , whatever your Narnian status may be .
The third outing in the Chronicles of Narnia series is a superb adventure fantasy , enriched in its visuals , story , and themes .
So vivid are many of Lewis 's tableaux that you are barely given time to linger before being whisked on to the next .
There 's nothing really special about this latest instalment in the Narnia franchise but it finishes strongly and is worth a look .
All the wonders of a writer 's imagination can conjure up and a filmmaker can translate onto the screen are captured in the Narnia series . The children for whom these films are made will hitch their own imaginations to the film and fly into Narnia land
The film will no doubt please the fans , with its fantastical 3D special effects and spectacular New Zealand locations , although the storytelling is convoluted and muddled


@highlight

Its leisurely , businesslike pace wo n't win the franchise many new fans , but Voyage of the Dawn Treader restores some of the Narnia franchise 's lost luster with strong performances and impressive special effects .