This is humanism in drag : Almodovar 's passionate redefinition of family values .
It 's the film we , Almodvar 's faithful fans , have been waiting for , the film we knew he had , as they say , in him .
Thought-provoking Almodovar drama has lots of sex , profanity
Almodóvar is able to speak through this melodrama with great mastery to all women ... and all audiences for that matter . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... about the ability of melodrama to speak to , and rise from , our mundane lives .
This film is as close to a masterpiece as the director has ever produced .
Hits a number of the right emotional buttons , due in large part to Roth 's extraordinary performance .
Like Almodovar 's first masterpiece , Women on the Verge of Nervous Breakdown , this vivid melodrama , the auteur 's second masterwork , celebrates the resilience and camaraderie of women under duress .
It brims with life .
It 's a lovely work .
An emotionally satisfying and brilliantly played take on the ups and -LRB- mostly -RRB- downs of a group of less-than-typical female friends .
For me it felt like a good many weeks at a politically correct summer camp .
All About My Mother is a wonderful Mother 's Day card , in any language .
All About My Mother , for all its self-deconstruction , is played with more sobriety and conviction than any of Mr. Almodóvar 's previous films .
Almodovar does a remarkable job of running all kinds of threads through All About My Mother , tugging on each one before he methodically ties them up .
A weepie movie with a brainy sensibility , an open heart , and a wicked sense of humor .
An over-the-top collection of outrageous characters in improbable circumstances that all manage to interconnect , forming a film of incredible power , humor and finally beauty .
It displays a depth and maturity lacking in Almodóvar 's earlier work .
Each time the movie seems to be on a head-on collision with melodrama , it jumps the track and veers off toward comedy .
Bawdy , sexual , comedic , highly emotional and full of love .
Writer-director Pedro Almodovar has grown up .
This self-styled ` screwball melodrama , ' a dance of grief , comedy , coincidence and resilience -- has a genuine emotional impact unlike anything Almodovar has done before .
An emotional film about parental love found in places where you 'd least expect it .
Almodovar knows how to tug on the heartstrings , and his filmmaking skills are well-displayed . Nonetheless , some fans might come away disappointed .
All these characters are a bit beyond the pale , but Almodovar invests them with more humanity than he has in previous films . And all of them , despite the craziness of their lives , just keep on truckin . '
Gay filmmakers like Almodóvar may be providing a last refuge for decent parts for women , and for wholehearted melodrama in our hyperironic age .
Affecting , wonderfully acted , but oddly quaint drama
Strikes a fine and effective balance between melodrama and madcap .
A dizzying , marvelously acted rush of a movie that may , after more than 20 films , finally give Almodovar a wider crossover appeal .
Almodóvar 's talent has always been acknowledged as unique , but All about My Mother demonstrates how great it is as well .
A salute to the enormous fierceness , resolve , and strength it takes to be a nurturing person .
Good , but not as great as many are touting .
Almodovar is a filmmaker who loves his medium and knows how to exploit it for shocks and sentiment .
Unlike his previous efforts , Almodovar does n't skim over the tragedy that afflicts his heroine .
Pedro Almodóvar 's best film to date , a heart-breaking paean to femininity , the maternal instinct and the thirst for drama .
A dedication to great women performers .
I do n't care who you are , where you 're from or what your cinematic tastes may have been up to this point , you 've never seen anything like it .
It 's filled with marvelous performances , fabulous wit , and some dizzying images .
A surprisingly satisfying combination of bawdy sexual humor , genuine emotion and a plot with mechanics so excessive that Almodovar himself calls it ` a screwball drama . '
Mr. Almodovar has expressed the idea of life as a divine form of acting before , but never with the kind of clarity and beauty that glitter here .
An exquisitely constructed melodrama .
A sinuous trip through a series of bumps and surprises that is never tedious .
All About My Mother is a movie so intrinsically rich that it does n't need any metaphors .
One of the best films of the Spanish director , whose films present a Tennessee Williams sensibility in the visual style of a 1950s Universal-International tearjerker .
Nothing short of a triumph .
Using his trademark bright color palette and bits of nearly farcical comedy to offset the occasionally somber story , Almodovar creates an impressively rich , evocative film replete with uniformly fine performances .
Succeeds in a number of gentle , gratifying ways .
A richly satisfying film that uplifts with humor as it tugs at the heartstrings .
Few melodramas with such tragic underpinnings have ever made me feel so intensely happy .
Both an expansion of Almodovar 's famous candy-colored vision and a maturation of his ingenious directorial style .
Almodóvar gives you a personal cinema that has freed itself from whatever was mere personality .
A movie flawed only by an unusual number of coincidences ...
Offers far more than a thesis about repressed desire ; it evokes and engages such desire , seeking its release .
Almodovar has finally found his groove .
The film is deliberately theatrical , even surreal , but it bristles with great ideas and perspectives on the human condition .
A wonderful gift from Pedro Almodovar to his mother and everyone who appreciates mothers .
All About My Mother is the achieved synthesis of the whole Almodovariety show , a new genre -- part farce , part weepie , low camp and high melodrama , caustic yet heartwarming , humanist and programmatically gender-blurring .
A sophisticated meta-melodrama featuring some of his most complex and compassionate characters -- not so over-the-top campy as much of his previous work , yet as politically and sexually adventurous in its own shrewd ways .
The filmmaker peppers the movie with stylistic references to the women-loving films of directors George Cukor and Douglas Sirk and pays tribute to Williams ' greatest character , the tragic Blanche Dubois of A Streetcar Named Desire .
This film is n't for everyone , but for those who are n't frightened away by the subtitled Spanish dialogue , All About My Mother proves to be an insightful piece of work .
It is altogether charming , positively confronting and a real delight .
A non-stop visual assault of bright , beautiful colors .
Manuela 's search for Esteban 's father , ` Lola , ' becomes mostly representative of the masculine figure as a force that fades or dies , and of the liberating effects of the solidarity between the women .
Funny , provocative and deeply sympathetic in its wide embrace of women and those who would be women , All About My Mother is a beacon of a film .
It 's too dedicated to madness not to be intriguing , but there 's not enough to it to be compelling .
Almodóvar 's best to date .
Well-done gook .
A powerful film of 4 women 's experiences and friendships together .
Often deeply ludicrous , it 's just as often deeply moving .
Almodovar 's latest -- and perhaps greatest -- work to date .
Incredibly interesting film to watch .
This is Almodóvar 's best film in a long while .
Rich in compassion , humor and complexity , All About My Mother not only brings its central characters from darkness to light , it suggests a brighter future for the bedraggled art of cinema .
The tone of All About My Mother has the heart-on-the-sleeve emotions of soap opera , but it is completely sincere and by no means camp .
-LSB- Almodovar 's -RSB- expressionism and his screenwriting have always had fun together , but now there is a kind of faith and spirituality that sexcapades like Laws of Desire and Kika only laughed at .
By the time I 'd left the theater , I was in love and wanted to see it again .
Though nearly every scene feels as if it could break into camp at any moment , Pedro Almodóvar 's All About My Mother instead stays firmly rooted in masterful melodrama .
After a while , I just got tired of all of the overly cute twists and turns in the plot . Some of the acting is good , but that 's about it .
One must give Almodóvar credit for getting his voice heard in the mainstream while keeping his artististic integrity intact .
All About My Mother marks an enormous leap forward for Almodovar .
A celebration of friendship , family and resilience that 's touching without ever being cloying .
Roth indeed holds this journey-film together with ease .
A satisfying emotional journey .
In the Almodovar universe , you can hear those women roar in numbers too big -- and variations too strange and wonderful -- to ignore .


@highlight

Almodovar weaves together a magnificent tapestry of femininity with an affectionate wink to classics of theater and cinema in this poignant story of love , loss and compassion .