Gandolfini as a romantic lead is a curveball that works .
There have been a lot of great films about older people and sex recently , but this is n't one of them .
With a perfect combination of understated humor and unpretentious drama , Enough Said is a sweet and oftentimes sad portrait of two middle-aged souls searching for happiness .
-LSB- The -RSB- additional dynamics that underscore the complexity of working romance into life once you have a few roots in the ground , and that make the film more worthwhile and realistic at the same time .
Enough said hits all the right buttons .
Enough Said , which is set in a Los Angeles so blandly lit that it barely seems to be playing itself , is a movie that seems made to be watched on On Demand -LRB- or on an airplane -RRB- .
What 's sweet and funny is the observation of insecure people fumbling their way in a new relationship .
Give us something better and deeper than what we 've come to expect from Hollywood , and , like the audience with which I watched the film , we 'll by gladdened , even moved to tears , by a Hollywood ending .
On its own , ` Enough Said ' is a sweet and charming little movie - but there 's no question the loss of its beloved leading man lends the picture extra , unexpected pathos .
It 's slightly magical . It 's also just the art and craft of good acting ; Julia Louis-Dreyfus , wonderful actress , James Gandolfini , wonderful actor . R.I.P. James . Enough Said .
It would n't work if Gandolfini and Julia Louis-Dreyfus had not got on , but luckily theirs was a natural and sweet chemistry .
It 's a wonderful movie-funny , sad and wise about the crazy ways we torment ourselves in this thing called love .
A slate of great performances cap off a compelling look at the way we build up and destroy the very relationships we want to engage in .
How it all plays out , even without the unexpected layer of wistful Gandolfini remembrance , is sad and funny at the same time .
Dreyfus and Gandolfini generate chemistry aplenty !
How the two deal with this situation is the crux of the story and the reactions are quite real and believable .
A wonderful , original film , and it 's never a distraction for one second that the two participants are played by people as iconic as Tony Soprano and Elaine Benes .
Great acting and smart dialogue are a killer combination . This touching , wise and spiky romance really crawls under your skin .
The film contains Gandolfini 's final lead role , but his performance is cherishably un-final : easy , open and insisting on nothing , it 's the work of a man who is just getting started .
Helping anchor affairs , though , is the bear-like Gandolfini , who brings charm and gravitas to a movie that might otherwise have seemed very superficial .
As wonderful as Gandolfini is here , Louis-Dreyfus is a revelation as the motherly yet self-denying Eva .
These are the subjects that Holofcener does exceptionally well -- the myopia , vanity and insecurities of the moderately privileged .
The strong point of the film is the writing by Nicole Holofcener -LRB- `` Friends With Money '' -RRB- , who also directs this film . The dialog is smart and witty , with loads of funny one-liners and funny situations .
raises some serious issues of relationships
Slow-burning adult drama full of chuckles derived from well-written characters and top-notch acting ...
... a perceptively funny romantic comedy about the responsibility that comes with loving another .
No matter how he looks in the film , Gandolfini 's Albert is so unbelievably sweet and sincere and nice that it 's impossible not to be charmed by him , and to wonder what might have been .
James Gandolfini will be missed . He could play a brute , as in ` Killing Them Softly , ' or , as he does here in ` Enough Said , ' a lovable , albeit flawed , regular guy . Either way , you cared about the characters into whom the late Gandolfini breathed life .
A rom-com that 's actually , miraculously both romantic and comedic .
Enough Said is -LSB- director Nicole Holofcener 's -RSB- best , most abrasive , yet touching film thus far . It 's a knowing deep-dive into impulses that are stupid , fragile , selfish and deluded as two people try forming post-relationship relationships .
It 's been about fifteen years since Julia Louis-Dreyfus last graced the big screen ; an absence I had n't even realised . That 's on me . Having now witnessed her comeback effort , Enough Said , it 's an absence I pray we never have to endure again .
It may well have been titled Too Much Said , as two divorced women and a bickering married one are thrown into a relationship train wreck - two of them participants , the third a snappy onlooker
The delicacy of nuance and the impact of the minutiae are placed under the microscope in this keenly observed comedy about relationships and the unpredictable essence of human behaviour . This is filmmaker Nicole Holofcener 's forte
Happiness and companionship is precious as your journey is closer to its end than the beginning . Holofcener 's Enough Said is old enough to dismiss bullsh*t like dwelling on the past .
... an engaging , affable piece of work ...
There are some big laughs , and the relationship dynamics generally feel authentic .
` Enough Said ' says plenty ... beautifully and effortlessly .
The poignant relationship story is a gem .
Enough Said is an adult comedy to savour , a wonderfully sharp and humorous exploration of the muddy path of growing older and looking for love . Gandolfini is great as the reluctant romantic lead , effortlessly sliding from calamity into comedy .
Dreyfus and Gandolfini show there is romance and problems with romance at every age
Just the type of movie fans have come to expect from writer-director Nicole Holofcener , who emerges every few years from the economic security of episodic television to deliver another wry , acutely observed , character-based comedy-drama .
A typically astute and funny reading of the foibles of human relationships , spiced up with a forgivably contrived comedic plot twist .
With a cheeky grin never far from Albert 's -LSB- James Gandolfini -RSB- lips , fellow stars might well find this almost unbearably hard to watch just four months after his death .
Aside from the script 's lightness of touch , it 's the characters ' small quirks and tics that bring the film to such vibrant life .
With a strikingly against-type performance from the late Gandolfini , this film gives the romantic-comedy formula a welcome adult spin .
A superb middle-age rom-com about the need to accept change and the wisdom to resist it .
It is a slight romantic comedy given heft by the excellence of the two leads , and smartly scripted by writer-director Nicole Holofcener .
A delightful , warm-hearted and frequently funny comedy with an emotionally engaging , sharply observed script and a pair of wonderful performances from Julia Louis-Dreyfus and James Gandolfini .
Some films are a cold shower , others a warm bath . Enough Said is mainly a warm bath but bracing morality gives the romantic comedy an anchor in common relationship reality .
Too depressing .
Enough Said is a lovely coda to an actor whose career was cut short to soon .
As Etta James might say : at last . A romantic comedy that is romantic and funny and not simply an insult to the intelligence of all carbon-based life forms .
The joyous thrust of this thoroughly entertaining - and often poignant - comedy thrives on the sparkling chemistry between Gandolfini and Louis-Dreyfus , a romance pitched at that often overlooked demographic - the middle-aged divorcee .
Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini are especially wonderful .
Enough Said is Nicole Holofcener 's best yet - it 's what we wanted from the new Bridget Jones book , a smart comedy about dating in your 50s .
A charming , big-hearted movie and a fitting valediction to a much-mourned actor .
Enough Said is a match made in romantic comedy heaven - heart-warming and frequently hilarious .
Assured , adult filmmaking from a writer/director who knows her way around the ups and downs of relationships . It 's also a fitting tribute to the talent of the gentle , grizzly Gandolfini .
One of Holofcener 's strengths is her ability to portray female friendships with all their underlying politics , as well as delivering some great salty banter .
A believable and organic funny-sad-dramatic tonal medley .
Though the general anxiety level does n't run quite as high in Enough Said as it did in Holofcener 's brilliant 2010 effort , Please Give , there 's still a fine balance of the same acerbic humour and messy emotional vulnerability .
`` Enough Said '' demonstrates that adult storytelling is not dead .
A romantic comedy for grown-ups .
Julia Louis-Dreyfus ... is such a revelation that it feels like we 're watching her talents unfold for the very first time .
Consistently entertaining and funny -LRB- without ever being hysterically so -RRB- -- and , yes , I 'd recommend it as a very nice way to spend 90 minutes at the movies .
Holofcener 's script is truthful & very funny , while the two leads deliver their lines with the sort of exemplary comic timing that comes from years of finely honed experience .
An insightful , wryly amusing social commentary about compatibility and contemporary suburban anxiety .
The ads say ` at last a movie for adults ' and this time the advertising is not lying . A wonderful grown up movie . Gandolfini and Louis Dreyfus are terrific together .
A touching romantic comedy that does n't take the easy way out .
The plot ultimately is just a hanger on which to place Holofcener 's typically engaging dialogue , a roomful of gracefully constructed characters , and a superlative turn by the late James Gandolfini .
Then James Gandolfini walks into the picture , and things settle down into a fine , genuine groove .
It 's not just a thoroughly enjoyable movie that benefits from a funny , well-humored script , but it 's a lovely way to remember the late , great James Gandolfini .
Simple , quiet , unassuming , but with loads of warmth and heart .
Enough Said is a romantic comedy about hurting the people you love , who you want to love - and making mistakes that may be impossible to recover from .
Holofcener has an instinct for the ensemble , and there are a wealth of interesting characters in the margin .
A comedy of separation anxiety and conjoining anxiety ... When Holofcener gets Dreyfus and Gandolfini alone , Enough Said is a beautiful thing .
In the terse space film provides , Holofcener capturing her characters deftly . We know their fears , needs , lonesomeness . We trust the cars they drive , the food they eat , the rooms they keep tidy , or not .
Eva is in turn lovable and loathsome , but thanks to a delicate blend of comic lightness and everyday drama , Louis-Dreyfus 's performance lands in just the right place to meet Gandolfini 's sparkling yet solid gaze .
What a concept -- an adult romantic comedy that 's equally wise and playful , with mold-breaking performances by James Gandolfini and Julia Louis-Dreyfus .
It 's a funny , tender , impactful story of two divorcées , authentically in their early 50s , struggling to trust and love again .
The result is one of the most honest recent comedies about romances that flourish , marriages that totter and the difficulties of raising children with the right blend of respect , discipline and support .
Throughout her career , Holofcener has demonstrated a peerless skill at capturing the rhythms of conversation , as well as an insightful grasp of how people 's inner lives drive their interactions .
A classic screwball comedy , and it works like a charm .
The easy chemistry between Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini is wonderfully charming - you 're rooting for them even as the falsehoods pile up and the poison begins to flow .
It 's so rare these days to find a film that is about adults and for adults .
This bittersweet romantic comedy is a low-key breath of fresh air . Something different to offer than your typical Blockbuster or Oscar-bait movie that populate the multiplexes during the Fall movie season .
The jarring shifts between effective drama and failed humor make watching Enough Said a bumpy and sometimes frustrating journey .
Nicole Holofcener 's most mainstream movie is a charming love story with an excellent cast , including Julia Louis-Dreyfus , James Gandolfini and Catherine Keener .
Although the plot might go through the expected and predictable motions , it 's the small elements that make the film shine , be they from the nuances of the performances or the smart script . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Paired up with the always-wonderful Julia Louis-Dreyfus , Gandolfini is the heart and soul of a wonderfully funny and incisive film about giving love a second chance .
-LSB- W -RSB- e actually care about their relationship and want to see it succeed -- or , if it collapses , that the failure be for the right reasons .
Everyone in this cast shines .
The late actor 's final screen appearance is proof of his versatility in front of the camera .
For all of us who 've been waiting way too long for a smart , funny , snappy romantic comedy for grown-ups - here it is .
Holofcener delivers her most confident character comedy to date - a work of deceptively informal mastery - and Gandolfini 's gentle performance just about breaks your heart .
A small-scale movie made much bigger by achingly good performances from Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini in one of his final roles .
I ca n't say enough about the way `` Enough Said '' keeps its scintillating sense of humor as it grows deeper and more affecting .
The reason to see `` Enough Said , '' though , is the touching performance by James Gandolfini .
Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini have made only a handful of films in recent years , and they 're delightful together . They contribute lived-in , vanity-free portraits of fully realized individuals hoping against hope for a new chance at lifelong love .
`` Romantic comedy '' does n't quite capture its honesty and humor but , whatever it is , it 's terrific .
Something in the combination of Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini does n't seem right , or perhaps it just does n't look right .
Feisty , funny , fizzy and deeply wise , `` Enough Said '' sparkles within and without , just like the rare gem that it is .
There 's an unintended ache to this movie , a feeling of loss in a story of middle-aged people finding themselves . It 's the first new James Gandolfini performance since his death , making the case that even better work was ahead of him .
Louis-Dreyfus gives Enough Said exquisite vulnerability and crack comic timing , helping the helmer lift a slightly tiresome plot off the ground , finding behavioral realism in the midst of sitcom tension .
`` Enough Said '' is a precious little jewel of a movie .
What makes this material work so well is the chemistry between Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini ; the terrific scene in which they embark on their first date is delightfully awkward and amusing .
Nice-try sitcom of manners .
... the ensemble cast is stellar and in the end is what makes the film work , but any indie filmmaker can aspire to make a film like this . It 's all about the story , and the sensitivity with which it 's realized .
Louis-Dreyfus manages the difficult trick of keeping us engaged with her character , even while driving us crazy . She 's never been better .
Despite the movie 's limitations , it 's very satisfying to watch Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini enjoy each other 's company on screen , as characters , because it 's satisfying to watch them enjoy each other 's company as performers .
Holofcener and her ridiculously talented cast find truth about love and second chances not in their set-up but in the honesty of the characters placed within it . I love this movie .
After a long career playing gangsters , thugs and heavies , the late James Gandolfini finally gets to play his most endearing character : a regular guy named Albert , a slightly overweight , self-admitted slob with no pretenses or hidden agendas .
Holofcener 's film is far from perfect -- it does , however , let -LSB- Gandolfini -RSB- showcase his range , and for that moviegoers should applaud .
Holofcener elicits relaxed and relatable work from the entire cast , and she displays a strong ear for the patter of upper-middle-class passive-aggression .
Both Gandolfini and Louis-Dreyfus do strong work , but it 's virtually impossible not to look at anything other than Gandolfini when he 's on screen .
Gandolfini 's achingly honest work is at odds with the rest of Enough Said , which should have been titled Not Enough Said .
Apart from Gandolfini , this is just bland , middlebrow fare that 's not intrinsically superior to standard-issue Hollywood romantic comedies .
Do people , especially men , go see movies like this anymore ? I do n't think so . Prove me wrong , people . Prove me wrong .
An already bittersweet story becomes as much a testament to Gandolfini 's untapped talent as a memorial to his absence .
Once you overcome the sentiment connected to seeing Gandolfini on the big screen for one of his final performances , you 'll appreciate how wonderfully insightful this film can be . And , you 'll enjoy the performances in this above-average ensemble effort .
Graceful , teen-friendly romcom about love later in life .
-LSB- Gandolfini and Dreyfuss -RSB- seem to truly enjoy one another 's company and it makes us root for them while reminding us how sad it is the movies have lost him .
Even without the foreknowledge of -LSB- Gandolfini -RSB- 's recent death , the film has a lingering sense of regret , despite its Hollywood ending .
The bittersweet feeling of seeing James Gandolfini soon gives way to appreciation for one of his best and most unusual roles : he plays a regular guy .
Enough Said is a wonderful movie , observant and hilarious and full of sad and beautiful truths ...
Thankfully , Holofcener 's cast Louis-Dreyfus , an actress capable of emoting such penitent horror at her own bad behavior , we can sympathize even with her breaking Gandolfini 's heart .
Holofcener 's characters are wonderfully imperfect , and Enough Said shows that , just as in real life , sometimes moms and dads do n't have all the answers .
Gandolfini ... allows us to forget the ugly temper and sadistic tendencies of his most famous creation while lending Louis-Dreyfus some of his teddy-bear warmth .
Eva asks herself how she can be falling in love with this fat , lummoxy slob . Nobody in the audience will wonder why .
Best is Gandolfini 's sensitive-guy-in-a-bulky-physique performance . He was a marvelously versatile actor , and , with the knowledge that he is gone , it 's doubly poignant to watch him here .
The cast really is a genuine delight and Holofcener keeps her story interesting from start to finish , however one-sided it may be .
If the sum of Enough Said is less than its parts - and really , the midlife challenges here are pretty small potatoes - the movie does have some lovely grace notes that add up to an astute observation of the symbiosis of single mothers and their daughters .
James Gandolfini , in one of his final roles before his death in June , is so sweetly funny in this rueful comedy that you wish he had been given more chances to tap his talent for the lighter side .
I miss the ensemble fullness and quirky pacing of Holofcener 's Friends with Money and Please Give , but there are enough dissonances , parentheticals , and curlicues to remind you why her movies are like no other 's .
Enough Said is afflicted with a terminal case of what Roger Ebert dubbed `` the Idiot Plot , '' in which a single reasonable sentence uttered in a rational tone could easily , diplomatically resolve the film 's core conflict .
A wry and moving look at a time in life that tends to get short shrift in U.S. cinema .
A comedy that proves that succeeding in an intimate relationship after divorce takes the patience and kindness of a saint and the creative daring and courage of a mountain climber .
The way Holofcener redeems tiny tragedies from the wastebasket and gives them a saltbath in sidelong humor is a gently heroic gesture .
What a treat it is to discover a totally new actor inside one we already loved . And how sad to know we wo n't see that from him again .
Holofcener 's best script to date and performances by Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini make it one of her most enjoyable films .
An utterly delightful , grown-up romantic comedy
On first viewing , I conclude that `` Enough Said '' is irresistible , and demands a second -LRB- and third -RRB- viewing right away .
When it 's Eva and Albert sharing the screen , getting to know each other and falling in love , Enough Said is genuinely delightful .
Enough ca n't be said about how the late James Gandolfini comes so close to saving writer-director Nicole Holofcener 's latest articulation of white suburban anxieties .
There 's a Three 's Company vibe to the proceedings , and it 's not a style of humour I 've ever been particularly fond of .
As corny a message as it may be , `` Enough Said '' reminds us to appreciate what we have . Gandolfini 's bighearted performance drives that point home every second .
One of the pleasures of `` Enough Said '' is watching Louis-Dreyfus and Gandolfini , two well-known performers only Holofcener would think of putting together , come alive both as individuals and the two halves of a relationship .
Louis-Dreyfuss reveals colors and shadings we 've never seen before , while Gandolfini is irresistibly likable in his least characteristic role .
Although Enough Said never really surmounts its TV sitcom style and structure , the director provides a nuanced entertainment that is enjoyable .
What happens when the things that you once found charming start driving you crazy ? Many love stories address that question , but Ms. Holofcener tilts it a few degrees .
-LSB- Louis-Dreyfus -RSB- has wonderful chemistry with Gandolfini , whose Albert is warmly sympathetic , ruefully amusing , and ultimately hurt ...
It 's about something we did n't often see Gandolfini play - a self-deprecating , sensitive , funny and socially uncertain guy .
The good kind of fall movie - intelligent , literate and entertaining , deserving of praise without ever nakedly angling for awards . Prizes would be nice , but the best result would be for the powers that be to give Holofcener more money to make more films .
While most film romances feel like a fait accompli , Enough Said 's tentative fumblings toward bliss require , and merit , fighting for ; its wanderings are never less than pleasant and its final moments pack surprising emotional power .
As always in Holofcener 's films , people in Enough Said say terrible things to each other . You hear them and think , No one would ever say that in real life-until you recognize that yes , of course they would .
Pleasant enough , wistful , melancholy and a bit thin , relying as it does on Julia D-F 's patented shitck .
With its heartfelt performances , intelligent writing and subtle humor , this is easily one of the most perceptive and engaging movies of the year .
Gandolfini plays the ultimate gentle giant whose underlying sweetness finally gets its due .
What matters is Gandolfini , whose languid , burry diction and Buddha-like poise set the simplest lines and deeds spinning with life-worn worlds of feeling .
Julia Louis-Dreyfus and the late James Gandolfini make an intriguing romantic pair in this gentle , character-driven comedy-drama from Nicole Holofcener .
Gandolfini reveals a smile that is easy and warm ; it makes his premature death this summer that much sadder , when you consider the range he had but rarely got to show .
So much of the enjoyment of this comedy stems from a lovely , engaging performance by the late James Gandolfini .
It 's both touching and ludicrous and it shows that we lost in Gandolfini an accomplished comedian we barely knew .
Enough Said may not tap into anything extraordinary or incredibly insightful , but it does n't need to . We 're too busy caring about its characters and letting them bring a big smile to our faces .
Though she has taken a bit of the edge off the proceedings , her dialogue is as sly as ever .
Considering that Gandolfini and Louis-Dreyfus look like the oddest couple imaginable , their chemistry is more palpable than you 'll find from others on most rom-coms .
It shows us how rare love is - and how we need to grab it and not let it go .
Both actors benefit from Holofcener 's fantastic dialogue , one of her greatest strengths , but the final result is n't as satisfying as some of her more recent efforts .
James Gandolfini 's final role jerks tears and warms hearts in this first world problems romcom from Nicole Holofcener .
That 's a fairly contrived sitcom scenario , but Holofcener bends it into a loose , lightly funny meditation on divorce , getting older , and impending empty-nest syndrome . Also , yes , Gandolfini is terrific .
... Holofcener 's Enough Said is another tremendously well crafted , intelligent dramedy about people , with complicated lives , who make bad decisions trying to do the right thing .
The combination of Julia Louis-Dreyfus 's comedic strengths with Nicole Holofcener 's graceful style and James Gandolfini 's quiet charm makes Enough Said a sad , sweet , and beautiful story of love at middle age .
A wry ensemble comedy that takes a generous view of the failings and foibles of its characters .
While the conversation sparkles and amuses as ever , there are indications here that Holofcener 's uniquely perceptive voice has begun to calcify somewhat into a familiar house style .
A winning comic romance with a wonderful regular guy performance by the late James Gandolfini .
You care , maybe even identify , but also wish they would shut up .
The core of the film is very real and immediately felt : the way in which a relationship can be wrecked by doubt and a hasty focus on the other individual 's personal flaws .

@highlight

Wryly charming , impeccably acted , and ultimately quite bittersweet , Enough Said is a grown-up movie in the best possible way .