In the case of Heart of a Dog , the only importance is attached to the name of artist who signed this film .
Nonlinear and exploratory , Heart of a Dog is elusive by design .
-LSB- Heart of a Dog -RSB- is an achingly beautiful documentary .
Anderson 's film accomplishes something rare in that it touches a part of human experience that is seldom seen or felt , diving deep into a dark river to feel about for something precious .
In her own way , Anderson always has been about finding meaning where most people do n't think to look . Here she looks for it in that most confusing of places : her own memory , especially of important nurturance that she 's received .
` Arty , ' to be sure , but it 's not pretentious : rather , it 's expressive of the scattered state of mind , the reflective state of mind , that attends grief . -LSB- Criterion Collection Blu-ray -RSB-
The film is often notable for Anderson 's honesty .
A lurching , lyrical expression of everything that makes existence what it is .
Imagery and philosophy circle back and then veer forward , but it 's a perceptive work that finds a transformative power in genuine sadness .
Fans of Anderson 's work and those with an inquisitive spiritual hunger will find this a thoughtful and sincere gift .
Earnest , resonant and revealing .
Incredibly poignant .
An unclassifiable but strangely charming combination of reminiscence and fantasy , this is worth seeking out not only for Anderson fans but also for anyone interested in experimental cinema .
Not so much a documentary but a piece of art . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
for all its free-associative riffing on ideas , this is no shaggy dog story , but a carefully constructed cinematic poem on the subject of love and loss .
Anderson 's abstract drawings , 8 mm documentary , found footage , scratched-on celluloid , brief dramatizations , -LSB- are -RSB- combined in a frequently mesmerizing way .
A heartfelt story with a lovely performance from Scott Chambers .
Kierkegaard , Wittgenstein and 9/11 are all thrown into the mix with a lightness of touch at once ephemeral and profound .
A kind of home movie with hidden depths , Laurie Anderson 's Heart of a Dog is discursive , whimsical , jokey , profound : it will infuriate some , but I loved it .
A bewitching cinematic collage .
Nothing if not original , this is almost certainly the only movie about a terrier that cites the writing of Wittgenstein and Kierkegaard , the painting of Goya and the wisdom of Jewish grandmothers .
Some may find the blizzard of ideas and images a little spurious and overpowering , but this is a deeply personal expression of visionary art and love .
It 's less like a lecture than a waking dream , perhaps even a form of hypnosis .
-LSB- A -RSB- playful , haunting film .
I found it a bit weird , I grant you , but also wise and thought-provoking -- and strangely hypnotic .
Language becomes the great unifier in Heart of a Dog . Anderson 's nimble words cascade together , gathering momentum and meaning through jarring edits and clashes of imagery .
It 's a melancholic delight .
It 's a remarkable art project posing as a personal documentary , the third consecutive night of striking premieres on the network .
Heart of a Dog might be defined as an existentialist essay on two inherent human issues : memory and death . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Starts out speaking to us about Anderson 's intense love for his dog but ends up exposing her as she reflects about her world and the ones she 's lost . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Anderson 's voice is perfect when she speaks of nightmares but overall is boring and tedious throughout the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More than just a film about a woman and her dog , this is about dealing with loss and an exploration of how our own identity is forged by the absence of others . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A brilliant , poignant and personal meditation on accepting death based on Anderson 's Tibetan Buddhist experience .
As a child , she tells us , she compulsively tried to imagine `` things that have never happened in the history of the world . '' Older , wiser and never better , Laurie Anderson has imagined a movie that meets that challenge magnificently .
The deeply moving and strangely exhilarating Heart of a Dog is experimental artist Laurie Anderson 's tribute to her late , beloved rat terrier , Lolabelle .
Highly personal and vaguely enlightening piece of video art .
A content rich cine-essay that mines the many meanings of life , death , story , compassion , and beloved pets .
This is cinematic free association , with one tangent leading to another and another until you 've forgotten the original thread .
It 's an odd , wandering trip , but Anderson 's personal touch makes it work .
Insightful , poignant , occasionally deliciously funny ... This is what it feels like to see somebody open their heart and to find new meaning in their memories and their emotions .
Anderson 's salutation to Lolabelle may crush the animal lovers in the audience : ` Hello little bonehead , I 'll love you forever . '
The beauty of the film-well , one beauty among many-is that it allows her to amalgamate all of her interests in one multimedia package .
Heart of a Dog makes for a tranquil , thought-provoking experience , brought to us by a wise and confident narrator , and it 's surprisingly entertaining to boot .
Heart of a Dog is a unique , indescribable beast , Anderson narrating over a collage of 8 mm home video , iPhone footage , canine-level camera , and animation . If it sometimes wanders a little far afield , it snaps back quickly with some sharp observations .
Heart of a Dog is a meditation on death and memory , told through home movies Anderson shot and narrates . Yes , it gets weird , but with an artistic elegance .
`` Heart of a Dog '' begins as one thing and ends as another , which might throw some viewers off , especially those unaccustomed to Anderson 's artful mischief .
. The target -LSB- of the film -RSB- is those , like me , who can appreciate the reflections of a person who has a personal something to say and , especially , about her love -LRB- understandable and deserved -RRB- for loyal little Lulobelle .
Alternately abstract and literal , the film works best when what we see on screen does n't align with what we 're hearing .
... a spiritual experience . One can feel the love that went into creating it .
Laurie Anderson 's Heart of a Dog is not just a movie but a guided meditation , drawing viewers into a state of peaceful contemplation from which they can consider such subjects as death , loss , and unconditional love .
Ghosts haunt Heart of a Dog - but so , too , does love .
Anderson 's dreamy documentary Heart of a Dog is one of her more outwardly accessible works , and also one of the best movies of the year .
It is a celebration of life , and how special it is to be a part of it while we 're here .
A stream of consciousness that literally invokes water and rain and snow and bodies of water , writing atop writing , layerings of images , a palimpsest of inscribing atop inscriptions ... as well as her voice , always her voice , insistent as ragged memory .
As meditations go , it 's a collegial meander through the ways we process life in the face of death , using a collage style that combines her own artwork , 8-mm home movies from childhood , and original footage and musical compositions .
As much as Anderson is renowned and admired for being a compelling , even transfixing storyteller , she also makes clear her distrust of storytelling per se .
The wide swerve of Anderson 's associations , their `` hypnotic splattered mist , '' do n't make for an easy film . But it is a very good one and only the hardest heart will leave the theatre unmoved .
Laurie Anderson has crafted an experimental film that at first seems like it 's going to be a paean to her dearly departed rat terrier . But over its meandering 75 minutes it gradually blossoms into something much deeper .
A dog is at the heart of this film , but there 's room for all manner of extraordinary insights about finding love and giving love , being canine and being human .
It 's dreamlike and deliberately abstruse , rather like visual poetry that requires viewers to reflect upon and draw their own interpretations . It 's a fascinating exercise .
The documentary glides on with few lulls , even if one does squint during its brief moments of silliness .
It 's a confounding , transfixing mélange .
A testament to Anderson 's magnanimity , Heart of a Dog salutes not only those who gave her the greatest happiness but also those who long ago stopped bringing her joy .
-LSB- After -RSB- her cute canine entry point ... and `` Intro to Buddhism '' ... her family memories are stunning dreamscapes through her distant and recent past ... in multimedia .
It flows along , mimicking the continuous , fleeting , fragmentary flow of consciousness , the haze that lies between sleeping and waking , even between death and whatever lies behind it .
Mostly ... this is a terrific Laurie Anderson album-think the spoken-word tracks from United States Live , not Big Science or Mister Heartbreak-with a serviceable visual backdrop .
Laurie Anderson 's delicate essay film weaves together observations about her beloved rat terrier , Lolabelle , as well as post-9 / 11 life and , finally , the death of her mother .
Fans of Laurie Anderson will enjoy her intimate exploration of love , grief , mortality , childhood , words , art , personal philosophy and on and on in Heart of a Dog .
It 's an artiste being both down-to-earth and her own unique self .
Perhaps what 's most remarkable about `` Heart of a Dog '' is that it 's able to be about many things to many people while also not lacking in an ounce of confidence or focus at the same time .
When it comes to death , facts are beside the point . Sometimes all you need to see are bare trees . Or a wintry landscape . Or a small dog , too sick and tired to stand .
Pity the fool who does n't respond to its lyricism and to the depth of emotion under those Rod Serling cadences .
It 's a home movie of a type , if one that , like a stone skipped across a still lake , leaves expanding rings in its path .
The movie is n't falsely deep or sophomoric , but you do have to roll with some of its more lovably pretentious moments : Anderson is the kind of cosmopolitan artist who thinks nothing of giving her dog piano lessons or concert recitals .
An artist getting lost gazing into the unique composition and character of her own navel .
Laurie Anderson condenses contemporary , human experience to the point where exterior and interior are made indistinguishable from one another .
Heart of a Dog is an impressionistic meditation on death and its prelude by a thoughtful , free-ranging , highly idiosyncratic artist who enjoyed a very deep relationship with her dog .
Like much of Anderson 's work , it 's odd , atonal and mordantly funny , finding strange humour in the juxtaposition of ostensibly serious things .
`` Heart Of A Dog '' is at turns a haunting , hilarious , muddled , disparate , and deeply emotional film about a woman , her dog , their bond , and the deaths that continue that haunt her .
Laurie Anderson has put her heart and soul into this film . And any viewer who is willing to invest their time and emotions in it will be richly , if heartbreakingly , rewarded .
Intermittently charming .
Anderson keeps the subject matter compelling , sometimes provocative , sometimes indulgent , but never pretentious .
As sweet as a meditation on death can be .

@highlight

Of a piece with much of director Laurie Anderson 's idiosyncratic output , Heart of a Dog delves into weighty themes with lyrical , haunting grace .