`` Alex Strangelove '' is witty , compassionate and enjoyable throughout ; a charming movie and in many respects an enlightened one .
-LSB- Madeline -RSB- Weinstein , as Claire , steals the show ...
Alex Strangelove ultimately serves as a funny-and occasionally filthy-commentary on heteronormativity and the work that goes into overcoming certain ingrained expectations about the trajectory of a life .
The main thing about this movie , more than any endearingly Hughes-like traits or trailblazing representations , is that it 's a bit of a mess .
Avoids trivialising issues with cheap gags . But it 's still very funny , and its a topical edge makes it notable .
Comedy with heart about teen sexuality ; language , drinking .
Stream it . We 're still waiting for The Great Gay Romantic Comedy - maybe we 'll always be waiting for it - but in the meantime , this is a likeable , flirty , sweet teen comedy .
The film occasionally trips over some genuine insight into the layers of teen confusion and self-discovery that are so often integral to the coming out experience .
Sensitive , positive messages ... but deathly dull . An R-rated `` After School Special . ''
As a modern coming-of-age movie , one that 's especially meant to keep the progressive values of teen Netflix on the home page for another week or so , it does have a fair amount of charm .
-LSB- Alex Strangelove -RSB- is about this kind of personal journey , and I enjoyed following him on that .
It 's a lovely little gem .
It ca n't help but hit a lot of familiar beats . But its script feels personal , and less airbrushed than most in its recollection of the utter uncoolness of being a teenager .
You should probably just go watch Love , Simon again instead .
Combining elements from everybody-must-get-laid film franchises like Porky 's and American Pie , with the suburban melodrama of John Hughes romances , Alex Strangelove finds novel and occasionally hilarious ways to spin the familiar into something fresh .
It 's hard to fault the bigger message here : that we all deserve the right to be true to who we are , even if it takes a few hard turns - and some collateral emotional damage - to get there .
Alex Strangelove is most credible and affecting when the kids at its centre speak out , act out and make out with the insecurity and inconsistency of , well , kids .
The film 's softheartedness proves to be a fairly adequate delivery mechanism for some tough and tender observations about modern queerness .
This is a lively , resourceful and tightly paced enterprise , drawing uniformly good performances from well-cast actors .
Landing somewhere between Love , Simon and Superbad , Alex Strangelove is a strange delight indeed .
All of these personal touches add whimsy to an otherwise familiar John Hughes-esque formula , full of awkward comic relief sidekicks , experimentations with drugs , romantic misunderstandings and a cool , often retro soundtrack .

@highlight

Alex Strangelove offers a refreshingly insightful -- and fittingly adult -- take on teen sexuality enlivened by smart humor and a fearlessly progressive approach .