Neither worthy of my laughter nor capable of inducing sleep . No , this is one of those rare films where its badness turns the cogs of your brain .
A Haunted House is technically inept , monotonous , and stiflingly cheap-looking . How this cost $ 2.5 million dollars to produce is beyond me .
Too banal to be offensive , it 's certainly one to miss
Frustratingly , there 's actually talent on-screen that hints at what could have been a cleverly comical take on the found-footage genre .
Heck , worse films starring Robert De Niro have been released this year .
Yet another spoof from Wayans and Alvarez , this movie is n't nearly as bad as it could have been -LRB- they also produced the resolutely unfunny Scary Movie 2 and Dance Flick -RRB- .
There 's just an odd recurrence of homophobic humor in the entire movie that compensates for lack of actual humor .
This send up of the Paranormal Activity films provides a few laughs here and there , but for the most part its crude and clichéd script is ridiculously stupid , embarrassingly over the top and occasionally offensive .
This Haunted House needs a KEEP OUT sign nailed to the door .
Just another in a long line of mercilessly unfunny spoofs .
Clearly what the world needs right now is another low-rent horror movie spoof . And this one 's not bad . Sticking to Paranormal Activity for its premise , it actually produces some pretty funny moments .
A painfully unfunny , overly familiar send-up of recent horror franchises .
Sporadically misogynistic , homophobic and grade-school puerile in equal measure , it is also not without the occasional laugh-out-loud moment .
The moments where you feel the cast are off-script and riffing are fun if not actually funny , but the most horrific thing on offer here is misogyny .
Dreadful .
Somewhere between a spoof on Paranormal Activity and crazy fun , film gathers pace and comedic momentum as it goes . The cumulative effect , especially if enjoyed in a group of relaxed friends , is likely to be hilarity ... black dude jive kinda hilarity
This is the first film I 've seen that depicts rape perpetrated by a bisexual , weed-smoking ghost , and probably the last .
Truly one of the worst horror spoofs of all time , and there have been some hideous failures over the years . Poorly written , repetitive and offensive on every level without being funny . Wait , I 'm just getting started .
I thought coming down with the flu would be the worst thing to happen to me this week . But that was a few days ago when I was still sweating it out in bed and coughing up my lungs ... before my immune system was further compromised by A Haunted House .
A Haunted House is probably one of the more obvious horror spoofs in the last few years and makes the Scary Movie flicks look like Oscar bait .
You know a fright-flick craze is in danger of running its course when Marlon Wayans comes along to broadly , belatedly spoof it .
Along comes Marlon Wayans to do in A Haunted House what he once did in Scary Movie . And do it much , much worse .
A Haunted House is just what you 'd expect of a spoof aimed squarely at adolescent males .
A movie that offends every moral sensibility but delivers few comedic rewards .
Gross , annoying , boring , stupid and above all not funny !
It 's like watching a snuff film , only it 's the audience who 's dying inside .
Does it even qualify as a movie ? Why did it take two people to write and cost $ 2.5 million to make ?
Marlon Wayans takes comedic aim at Paranormal Activity and its ilk but scores precious few hits .
The concept relies too heavily on crude gags that feel more desperate than inspired .
You might chuckle at Wayans huddled in the tub , frantically trying to scrub himself clean of something slightly more earthly-freaky than evil spirits . But watching him get it on with stuffed animals ? Ick .
There are vague hints that the story is `` really '' about the difficulties and anxiety of commitment , but then one of many variations on a fart joke distracts from any actual idea .
Mining the spoof genre he helped reenergize with the `` Scary Movie '' franchise , Marlon Wayans comes up short with a well-worn scattershot approach that rarely connects with audience funny bones .
There 's no reason to reward or encourage any of the people involved with A Haunted House to continue making this type of off-putting -LRB- and disposable -RRB- raunch-fest .
This found-footage spoof impresses right out of the gate , because in the first five minutes one sacred movie taboo is thrown out the window and pummeled to absolutely absurd lengths .
If the opening gag in your R-rated movie is an extended flatulence joke you should reconsider whether you 're qualified to make such a movie .
Who thinks it 's high time for a movie that spoofs The Blair Witch Project ? Hands ! Anyone ? Anyone ? No ?
If you 're wondering why A Haunted House exists alongside the upcoming Scary Movie 5 rather than instead of it , you may already have given the subject more thought than Marlon Wayans had hoped .
exactly what you 'd expect from a spoof of found footage movies released in January without advanced screenings for critics
Harkens back to the initial days of the oughties spoof craze , when screenwriters actually lampooned film genres rather than whatever the hell happened to catch their eye on YouTube as they sought inspiration .
Disrespect is the name of the game for this flat , by-the-numbers Paranormal Activity spoof , which suggests that letting your girlfriend move in with you is pretty much tantamount to opening the gates of hell .
The craftsmanship here is n't just lacking , it 's nonexistent , and the found-footage conceit is little more than a rickety structure to house an endless gauntlet of hackneyed jokes involving sex , flatulence , pot , and feces .
Nobody expects A Haunted House to be a masterpiece , but in going for the easy joke , the film missed out on many opportunities for satire .
A frenetic and freewheeling satirical comedy that only sporadically scores a bull 's - eye while aiming at easy targets .
This parody of Paranormal Activity and other found-footage horror films too often substitutes raunch for wit .
As to be expected with a Wayans endeavor , the picture is crude , desperate , and permissive with its actors . What 's surprising here is how lazy A Haunted House is .
`` Paranormal Black-tivity ? '' Played .
Does n't so much skewer the popular Paranormal franchise as clone it into a comedy in which farting and the word ` asstraphobic ' pass as jokes .
It 's bad , but at least it 's beguilingly bad .
`` A Haunted House '' runs a scant 86 minutes , but it 's a painful 86 minutes , seeming twice as long and more punishing by the second .
The homophobia that saturates -LSB- this film -RSB- is no mere joking around . It comes from a place of hate and -LSB- the filmmakers -RSB- must be held accountable .
Mean-spirited , badly made and unfunny is one set of disasters ; adding in storytelling incompetence adds to the catastrophe .
A Haunted House really just feels like Scary Movie 4.5 , substituting a tad more -LRB- just as terrible -RRB- story work for random `` celebrity '' cameos and pop-culture jabs .

@highlight

A Haunted House seeks to offend every sensibility , but it 's greatest sin : not being funny !