Jake Gyllenhaal follows in the footsteps of the great actors who have climbed into the ring ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Southpaw is ... a deeply predictable film , more a courtly quadrille than a dance of doom towards the ropes .
... ` Southpaw ' focuses not on violence , but on its characters , which is why it ends up being superior to other , similar films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... Southpaw believes that the ring , the punches and the show are interesting on their own . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fuqua follows a dull character who has problems with anger management ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Manipulative is the best word to describe Southpaw . Kurt Sutter simply does n't know how to write drama without resorting to bombastic theatrics and a heavy-handed tone
Southpaw is always watchable , and visceral enough to let you temporarily overlook the holes and pitfalls , but it 's frustrating because it could have been much more .
It 's no classic , with Gyllenhaal 's mumble-core performance hampered by a second-rate screenplay that does n't convince and never really reveals the man beneath the muscles .
Right away the movie has a logic problem because we 're supposed to believe this guy , who can not block punches , is a world champion boxer .
It is a boxing movie that fails to pull any punches - less Southpaw , more South Poor .
You will delight in how director Antoine Fuqua brings the punches real close .
An aesthetic journey that goes from the top of the American dream to its abyss , to propose then a kind of return to life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Can be too conventional at times because of its calculated and cliche script but the director compensates it with a dynamic staging . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dull tale of boxing and redemption provides actors showcase .
It 's an unsurprising portrayal of an obvious part , but at least -LSB- Gyllenhaal -RSB- executes it terribly well , something that can not be said for the remainder of an equally unsurprising , obvious motion picture .
About as subtle as a right uppercut to the jaw , Southpaw is nonetheless a welcome addition to the boxing melodrama genre .
Southpaw may not bring anything new to the table but there 's a nostalgic comfort in watching Billy -- a hardened stereotypical male who is willing to risk disastrous injury for love and glory both in and outside the ring .
Gyllenhaal is terrific . It 's just a pity that for all of his gym work , he 's in a movie that 's testing positive for melodramatic steroids .
There 's never a moment when Gyllenhaal the actor is on screen . Billy Hope might be his most vibrant work to date , even if the movie does n't match up .
This is not a film that will win awards or be talked about in twenty years as a classic , but it certainly is an emotional ride .
Gyllenhaal continues his streak of idiosyncratic roles ... and lends the film the strong emotions it fails to conjure with its feeble script .
Nothing 's necessarily unique about Sutter 's tale , even if the action does jump off the screen .
A watchable , if generic boxing drama .
The psychological architecture of Antoine Fuqua 's movie is utterly familiar .
This is a far cry from the uplifting Rocky -- it 's immensely bleak , even in its supposed happier moments . Do n't be surprised if we see Gyllenhaal being an Oscar contender .
With this role , Gyllenhaal proves he 's now entered that rare class of actors ... who are such chameleons that they seem able to transform into any character .
Jake Gyllenhaal floating like a butterfly and stinging like a bee in an Oscar-quality performance !
Southpaw does n't even try to be different . What it does offer is superb acting from a highly capable cast , which makes its simple plot significantly more affecting .
A bland middling boxing drama .
Southpaw strains to capture the gritty feel of boxing - bloody towels , dumpy gyms , sleazy promoters - but what it actually gets are the clichés of the genre .
Jake Gyllenhaal just about saves this generic boxing drama .
This is a genre movie that has a lot in common with ` Rocky ' but with better performances . The boxing scenes are outstanding in this film , but it is the character interactions that make the movie .
` Southpaw ' is a marshmallow dropped in the sand : It looks gritty , but it 's soft and mushy .
Southpaw has that inevitability factor ... . it 's tough to support a two-hour film when its course seems predetermined and it hits every familiar beat along the way .
If you do n't know how Southpaw is going to end , then this is the first movie you 've ever seen and you should have started with a better one .
Though much has been made of the physical transformation Jake Gyllenhaal put himself through to look like a real boxer , Southpaw is a fairly standard , by-the-numbers boxing melodrama that hits all those beats we 're accustomed to through the Rocky films .
Fuqua 's film is an enjoyable enough by-the-numbers drama , with good work from Jake , Rachel and young Laurence and enough heart to keep you interested , no matter how thumpingly familiar it tends to feel .
A conventional movie that stands out thanks to Gyllenhaal 's performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Strong performances from Gyllenhaal and Whitaker save Southpaw from otherwise being a complete write-off .
A boxing movie made me cry . There , I said it .
If Southpaw gets that job done while completing a familiar riches-to-rags-to-redemption trajectory , it is all because of its lead actor Jake Gyllenhaal . His is a heavyweight performance in an otherwise junior-middleweight affair .
Nothing new under the sun , the trailer is very misleading when it comes to the real movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gyllenhaal brings every ounce of his physical self to the role , but rippling muscles and a mashed-up face do n't really constitute a performance . It 's not quite his fault that Billy is such a maddening character .
There 's a rawness , urgency , and intensity to Southpaw that is utterly invigorating , but there 's also a rich beat of sensitivity that effectively counters its blood-specked rhythms .
There is much soul and spirit in its story of a broken man fighting to regain his family and career , and excitement in its brutal boxing scenes that will have viewers wince at every punch thrown .
I 've never seen a boxing match in person , just in the movies , but I dare to say this is the best boxing movie I 've ever seen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though the plot is formulaic and at times predictable , Jake Gyllenhall 's performance will leave you speechless . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very conventional melodrama about loss and hope . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gyllenhaal gives `` method acting '' a whole new meaning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gyllenhall 's performance make this movie stand out among others in the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RSB- gives us an impeccable performance , making him one of the best actors of his generation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are as many tender scenes between Hope and Maureen and the boxer and his daughter as there are overwrought ones aimed at ratcheting up sympathy for under-developed characters .
-LSB- Gyllenhaal -RSB- gives Southpaw an emotional depth that it does n't begin to merit . He deserved better than this vehicle . So did we .
With the story 's emotional heart as compelling as its bloody fight sequences , Southpaw is a powerhouse of a film
It punches past box cliches .
Offers a hard punch , but no knockout
It 's first-rate filmmaking in service of subtlety-free , second-rate storytelling . You never for a moment doubt where Southpaw is heading , but , ultimately , it 's Gyllenhaal that makes you care .
Southpaw is a lethal concoction of drama and pugilistic action .
Gyllenhaal , who clearly relished getting into tip-top shape -LRB- he 's ripped and shirtless throughout -RRB- for the project , gives it his thespian all , even as the plot gets tied up in the ropes of the old , the tired and the predictable .
... a story we 've seen many times before , but it 's acted with such heart and directed with such skill that it 's hard to resist .
We do n't even want to know how hard Jake Gyllenhaal trained and bulked up to play a down and out fighter in Southpaw . It 's too bad all that obsessive Christian Bale-worthy physical transformation just was n't worth it for Southpaw .
Director Antoine Fuqua adorns the rampant clichés of Kurt Sutter 's script with a fine veneer of gritty realism . The movie 's biggest asset is Gyllenhaal 's superb performance .
Jake Gyllenhaal is becoming one of the most interesting actors in Hollywood .
The modicum of pleasure delivered by `` Southpaw '' arrives thanks to its cast , who struggle bravely and energetically with the hopelessly bland text and the invisible , impersonal direction .
Southpaw is MMA . Mixed Movie Arts , with the emphasis on mixed .
For an alternative to effects-driven summer blockbusters , look no further than `` Southpaw , '' a boxing drama in which the heaviest blows land outside the ring .
Without the character touches Gyllenhaal brings to the table , the stakes would be lower , and `` Southpaw '' would be just another forgettable , formulaic sports melodrama .
... a far-from-fresh drama that nevertheless manages to pack a punch -LRB- so to speak -RRB- .
There 's no doubting Gyllenhaal 's commitment to the role and the climactic fight feels absolutely genuine . It 's just not every exciting or emotional .
Director Antoine Fuqua throws every boxing/sports film trope he has at us , and after a while it does feel used ... but the emotion is thick enough and the boxing scenes so well executed that much of the story 's ease can be forgiven .
`` Southpaw '' gives movie fans what they want : great performances and an emotional core that will resonate even with non-boxing fans .
It 's like a 1930s ring melodrama tarted up with lifestyle bling and hyper-professional whoomph , but it 's essentially bantamweight .
Southpaw is n't content with presenting a gallery of clichéd characters . It takes the time to put flesh on the bones .
Seriously slick , sweaty , strenuous boxing flick , filled with extreme spiritual and physical suffering on the road to revenge and redemption ...
Jake Gyllenhaal 's performance is definitely worth seeing , although Southpaw as a whole does n't quite live up to the high standard he sets .
Instead of a performance Gyllenhaal gives a mumbling , scalp-massaging impression of Eminem . And because we 're always aware of this we never commit fully to this gritty update of ` The Champ . '
`` More '' is the only move Southpaw knows .
You feel the punches as cinematographer Mauro Fiore brings you in close to the fight action between Billy and his opponents , culminating in the expected Big Fight to wrap things up .
` Southpaw ' could have been a contender to become a memorable summer movie if it were n't so darn melodramatic in just about all the wrong places .
I loathe boxing . That said , this film is n't just physically brutal , it 's psychologically brutal , a tough film to watch , but I was mesmerized -LRB- despite -RRB- a thud of a clichéd Hollywood ending . Why make a movie like this and then chicken out ? Cui bono ?
... another outstanding performance by Jake Gyllenhaal ... his physical transformation and intensity reaffirm his position as one of our finest actors working today .
Jake Gyllenhaal continues his streak of brilliant performances the Academy will likely ignore .
Family plot trumps Boxing - cast is good
Gyllenhaal is fantastic . A terrific boxing film that makes the Mayweather-Pacquiao match look like a kindergarten puppet show .
Southpaw gives audiences what they want for its story of redemption , in the bloody , brutal form of its milieu .
The filmmaker is a notable stylist , a skilled purveyor of urban excess , but his worst instincts kick in far too often .
Southpaw is a touching jab to the drama genre with a riveting uppercut of intensity and passion . Antoine Fuqua 's latest is every bit as good as Warrior .
If you saw any boxing film in the last 30 years , you 'll see some of the well-worn plot turns coming a mile away , however it 's worth stepping into the ring for all the fine performances .
I veered between being awed and appalled , though mostly the latter .
`` Southpaw '' is a tremendous accomplishment of mainstream cinematic craft , a near-perfect match of director , material and star .
An almost fatally derivative fight flick is saved by a key performance and some good old on-screen fight hokum .
Jake Gyllenhaal and Forest Whitaker are the perfect match for this dopey , meathead script .
Perhaps overly keen to emulate his hero 's turn in Raging Bull , Gyllenhaal puts too much faith in the idea that size matters .
Southpaw is a powerful addition to the boxing genre , raw and tough and loaded with emotion . It packs quite a punch , one that audiences will feel long after the final bell rings .
Above and beyond the brutal , visceral slaps , jabs , and upper cuts is a bigger , softer story of a father and a daughter on a journey of emotional homecoming that packs quite a punch of its own .
Southpaw is a paint by numbers boxing drama kept afloat by good direction and a ferocious Jake Gyllenhaal performance .
When you look past Fuqua 's jittery directing , which dices up shots and leans the camera close into its star 's painstakingly battered mug , Southpaw is a melange of familiar fighter movie ideas and images going back to Rocky .
Southpaw is a terrific boxing movie , with choreographed violence emphasizing the sport 's speed rather than its poetry in slow motion .
Southpaw '' is n't a great movie but it is a great performance piece , not just for Gyllenhaal and Whitaker but also for young Laurence .
If the film 's caustic style feels disingenuous , Gyllenhaal compensates with a fairly deft performance as the embattled fighter .
Southpaw does n't give you that thrill and because of that it can throw a few good punches , but it never lands a KO .
Just as director Antoine Fuqua starts to close in on something interesting and unexpected , he retreats to the safety of his corner and gives us what we 've seen too many times before : a predictable flurry of melodramatic jabs .
Even when we 're aware our emotions are being manipulated , we 're rooting hard for Billy Hope to beat the odds and climb the mountain , because have you seen how movie-adorable his daughter is ? Do n't they deserve some happiness ?
There is a point when `` Southpaw '' looks like a finished fighter , but the movie rallies when Billy bounces off rock bottom and hooks up with a new trainer , Tick Wills -LRB- Whitaker -RRB- .
Terrific acting and fight film cliches battle to a split decision in Antoine Fuqua 's Southpaw , further proof both of Jake Gyllenhaal 's awesome range and of the odds against making a truly original boxing picture .
It 's Gyllenhaal -- physically ferocious yet tenderly forlorn -- who sells the movie , putting both the beast and the heartbeat within on full display .
The trouble with how hard Gyllenhaal goes in Southpaw is that he 's in the service of weak material , so you notice the effort .
Clichéd , obvious , and tired . We 've seen this story so many times before , but rarely with such a lack of appreciation for just how unheroic its ` hero ' is .
The movie can not overcome the clichés that constantly jab at the storyline as quickly as Muhammad Ali in his prime .
About as close to a modern-day street level Rocky we may ever see .
Gyllenhaal , though , finds yet another reservoir of intensity for a tricky role , much as he did for last year 's Nightcrawler .
A movie is pretty bad when -- in this critic 's opinion -- an Adam Sandler movie opening the same weekend has a higher rating .
Amid the exaggerations and contrivances , there 's an intriguing character study that packs an emotional punch .
A film that deviates so carelessly away from reality , it 's detrimental to the audience 's enjoyment .
What drives the film is also what defines it as slightly better than most of its ilk , Jake Gyllenhaal .
Despite its supposedly hard-hitting veneer , the film never goes out on a limb when it counts .
More The Champ than Raging Bull with plot of Rocky sequel , but the actors are excellent .
Deeply moving drama bout boxing , life has brutal violence .
When Billy 's smart , ardent wife Maureen -LRB- Rachel McAdams -RRB- warns him that he 'll be `` punch-drunk in two years , '' she seems off by at least 18 months .
` Southpaw ' punches new life into a familiar scenario .
What this movie really is at heart is just a good-natured , perfectly decent , meat-and-potatoes palooka .
In the end `` Southpaw '' knocks itself to the mat .
Director Antoine Fuqua -LRB- `` Training Day , '' `` The Equalizer '' -RRB- has never been accused of subtlety , so the depth of performances he achieves here are noteworthy even if the story beats come down like a sledgehammer .
You ca n't help wondering what it 's trying to say , and whether it 's even worth saying . Does the boxing-as-redemption cliché really need regurgitating ?
It 's clear the production could 've tried a little harder to make something significant instead helping itself to the towering pile of `` Rocky '' clichés .
A stunning performance by Gyllenhaal , but it 's not enough to save `` Southpaw '' . Everything is so neat and so predictable .
`` Southpaw '' is unequivocally the best boxing film in almost 40 years -LRB- `` Rocky '' , 1976 -RRB- . It 's a true crowd-pleaser in the `` Rocky '' vein .
Slick direction and meaty performances may be enough for some viewers , but this boxing drama 's complete lack of originality keeps it from being something memorable .
Packed with raw energy , but does n't quite knock you out ...
A lot of blood , sweat and tears was obviously poured into `` Southpaw . '' But very little sense .
` Southpaw ' might be just another boxing flick in a long line of such contenders , but it thankfully does n't pull any of its punches . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Like a first-round knockout , Southpaw gets the job done , but it 's all just a bit anticlimactic .
You may find yourself pummelled into exhaustion by this rote rise-and-fall melodrama .
The melodrama is uncomfortably high ; the checked-box plot is manipulative .
Jake Gyllenhaal is tremendous in the boxing tale Southpaw . The movie ? Not so much . It 's the best performance I 've seen in a bad movie since Julianne Moore won an Oscar for Still Alice .
A boxing melodrama that pummels the viewer into submission with a one-two combo of brutal action inside the ring and relentless clichés everywhere else .
Fuqua tends to amplify the melodrama - with music and lingering close-ups - and especially towards the end , but the film never quite socks you in the gut the way it should .
Fuqua and Sutter do n't spend the entire film chasing clichés and Gyllenhaal delivers such a strong performance that while it may at times be familiar , you 'll remain engaged .
Heartfelt performances by Jake Gyllenhaal , Rachel McAdams , and Forest Whitaker give the story more weight than it deserves .
There may be no prizes for guessing how things turn out for Hope , but the role certainly allows its star to triumph .
The film is set up like a straightforward redemption story , but what makes Southpaw interesting is the complexity of Hope 's character -- thanks to Gyllenhaal 's exceptional performance .
Boxing movies tend to be exercises in masochism , machismo and redemptive melodrama . Southpaw hits all these targets square in the midriff .
Billy Hope 's inevitable redemption is worth the wait thanks to investing performances and a potent second half .
Jake Gyllenhaal looks the part . Bulked up and tracked with scars ; leaking blood and woozily losing focus ; lines slurred in a bleary method-acting mumble , he 's wholly convincing as Billy Hope , the reigning light heavyweight champion of the world .
`` Southpaw '' is proof of contrivance 's clout , but there is a limit to what it can do .
Gyllenhaal gives his all , but he ca n't make this one a winner .
When does great acting trump a formulaic story ? When the actor is Jake Gyllenhaal and the story is the boxing melodrama Southpaw .
With a weaker central performance , the movie would be an even bigger mess .
As for the in-the-ring bob , weave , clash , clutch ? Well , those disappointed by May 's impossibly hyped Mayweather-Pacquiao bout should enjoy the care director Fuqua takes in delivering the sweet science to the big screen .
Southpaw asks both too much of Gyllenhaal and not enough - he 's being forced to build a whole character out of scraps , sawdust , and horrendous clichés .
Every plot turn is as telegraphed as a tomato can 's jab . I did n't care : Enough of it felt earned to me that Southpaw wins on points .
Southpaw features the components of a fine , character-driven movie , but they 're sandwiched between an unpalatable first act and a routine final one .
Southpaw is pretty dicey , two or three different movies crammed together .
Call him `` Joltin ' Jake '' Gyllenhaal , because the actor adds needed presence and punch to the melodrama of Southpaw .
Perhaps the one thing you do n't see coming in Southpaw is the manner in which Gyllenhaal bulked up to play the role . Forget the six-pack , he went for the 12-pack . His physique is impressive . His movie is down for the count .
I wish I could say `` Southpaw '' was a knockout , or even a contender , that it went the distance or scored on points . But it 's strictly an undercard bout , displaying enough heart and skill to keep the paying customers from getting too restless .
What keeps this cornball business from getting out of hand is the commitment of Gyllenhaal , whose performance is fierce and muscular , in and out of the ring .
You have to admire a fight picture in which the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat both arrive outside the ring .
Ultimately , Southpaw may not punch above its weight , but the film has an aim that 's true .
It 's a win for Mr. Gyllenhaal , while the movie loses out to its clichés .
Southpaw may be preposterous , but Billy Hope is the real deal .
`` Southpaw '' is grown-up filmmaking with the elegant feel of a 1970s drama , focusing on the psychology and personal struggles of human beings rather than the tidily plotted events that happen to them .
This is a genre with especially sturdy bones , and when `` Southpaw '' connects , which is more often than you might expect , you feel it down to your toes .
It helps that Gyllenhaal commits so fully to the part , carrying his physical and emotional scars from scene to scene as though afraid that to lose them would leave him with nothing . And Laurence ca n't be praised too highly for her role as his daughter .
As a troubled slugger , Gyllenhaal is impressively muscle-bound , but gives no knockout performance . His work drags on like 12 rounds of fistfight fatigue .
Gyllenhall 's raw performance is the film 's sole highlight , but even the actor , who underwent yet another profound physical transformation for the role , can only support so much on his broad shoulders .
Although `` Southpaw '' has some punch , it 's not exactly coming from left field .
`` Southpaw '' is all about the fist . There 's no delicate footwork here , no lingering grace notes . It 's a film played entirely in power chords .
This is n't great cinema , but it 's satisfying movie-making , with nothing more on its mind than telling a heart-tugging story .
Watchable in its first act but then increasingly dull and overwrought , fudging the idea of whether the audience should get behind its `` redemption-revenge '' motivation .
Chameleonic actor Jake Gyllenhaal 's light heavyweight boxing champ Billy `` the Great '' Hope can take on any contender ... But when he faces the greatest heavyweight boxing clichés in movie history , he goes down for the count .
Southpaw is perhaps -LSB- Gyllenhaal 's -RSB- most impressive piece of acting to date , if only because he 's managed to take a fairly standard redemption story and elevate it on the strength of his shoulders alone .
Do n't get too caught up in the all-too-familiar plot , just savour Jake Gyllenhaal 's powerhouse performance in a riches-to-rags-to-redemption sports movie that punches well above its weight .
`` Southpaw '' may be rote , predictable and mawkish , but none of those faults lie in its star . Even when he looks like an unholy mess , he transcends the movie he 's in .
The script may have hamburger for brains , but Fuqua slams it home with the help of actors who give their all - even when giving a little less might have made things more interesting .
a retro , in-your-face fight drama that dribbles into sappiness . Much , though far from all , is redeemed by Gyllenhaal 's virtuoso performance .
All of Gyllenhaal 's discipline and drive is misdirected ; it 's wasted energy , a cinematic rope-a-dope .
In Southpaw , Eminem 's encore , relapse and recovery is handled with boxing gloves and cliches .
It brings back every stale genre convention you can think of , then hopes you wo n't recognize predictability pumped up with swearing and steroids and an Eminem song during the training montage .
Despite brilliant fight scenes and impressive performances , Southpaw is brought down by ham-handed storytelling .
Why not Billy Redemption ? Billy RiseAboveAdversity ? Billy ComeOnYouCanDoItBuddy ? We can do this all day .
`` Southpaw '' enters the long filmography of boxing flicks , and puts up a surprisingly good fight .
Fiery , raw , and packed with Hope , Southpaw is an exuberant punch to the gut .
The powerhouse performance of star Jake Gyllenhaal lifts the boxing drama ` Southpaw ' to a raw , emotional high .
`` Southpaw , '' a boxing movie with a theme of redemption , is redeemed by the performances of its two main actors , Jake Gyllenhaal and Forest Whitaker .
Fuqua and Sutter do little to distinguish Southpaw from other boxing movies going back decades .
Southpaw does n't try to reinvent the boxing-movie game - in fact , it pretty much indulges every cliche - but it 's the intense central performance from a beefed up , ripped-to-the-core Jake Gyllenhaal that gives it distinction and heart .
Southpaw definitely does n't try to switch up its stance ; the punches it lands are familiar yet impactful due to the aggressive , committed performance by star Jake Gyllenhaal .
`` Southpaw '' goes beyond the specifics of boxing and becomes a universal story about tragedy and grief .
Southpaw may lack in narrative agility , thudding around from cliché to cliché , but when it gets in the ring , it knows just what to do .
This is a brow-beating , 123-minute-long boxing opus that brings absolutely nothing new to the ring .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- If you 've seen its trailer , you know the whole story for `` Southless . '' Nonetheless , witnessing Gyllenhaal 's ever-bloodied boxing monster come to life is worth the price of admission .
The initial hype for Southpaw was that Jake Gyllenhaal simply looked jacked , and the thrill of seeing him that way never lessens . But he does manage subtlety the rest of the movie does n't have .
Southpaw may stumble , its footwork maybe wobbly and its storyline at times farcically clichéd , yet as an exercise in performance and a showcase for its leads it 's a gratifying piece .
When boxing cliches work , they can deliver a knockout . When they do n't , as in `` Southpaw , '' we get just punch-drunk .
The intense , raw acting skills of Gyllenhaal , and strong performances from Forest Whitaker and young actress Oona Laurence , save `` Southpaw '' from getting lost in its cliches .
Essentially just a down-and-dirty variation on that classic pugilistic tearjerker ` The Champ ' ... despite its hardboiled exterior , the movie still wallows in sentiment and cliche .
An interesting premise and strong work by Gyllenhaal ca n't support a screenplay that repeatedly falls on its face through sports clichés and -LSB- vanishing -RSB- subplots .
Gyllenhaal , at the least , punches above the plot 's weight with a winning , award-calibre performance .
`` Southpaw '' descends into a tedious exercise of formulaic filmmaking that leaves you feeling worse for Gyllenhaal and Whitaker than the characters they play on screen .
Southpaw is well made , but too conventional to skip the victorious ending or leave that kind of indelible impression . Gyllenhaal though ? He 's no lightweight .
` Southpaw ' manages the tricky task of freshening up the old tale of a broken prize-fighter while Jake Gyllenhaal makes it memorable .
Yet another amazing performance from Jake Gyllenhaal . Should play well as late summer counter-programming .
Moving effortlessly between big Hollywood movies and modest New York stage vehicles , -LSB- Gyllenhaal has -RSB- turned into quite an actor . Few stars make such concentrated efforts to improve their craft while rising through the ranks of stardom .
Southpaw is an exhausting brutalist melodrama , but if nothing else , Fuqua always works with fine actors , and he 's got a passel of them here .
If `` Southpaw '' can frequently brutalize physically , the picture rarely can bruise emotionally or spiritually , and this distinction makes all the difference in the world .
Southpaw might not rewrite the rules of this genre , but it certainly is a sterling addition to a great legacy of movies set in the ring .
In bloody close-ups and bruising sounds , Fuqua captures the blinding brutality inside the ring . But his faith is never in question : This is a parable that believes strongest in boxing , itself .
Gyllenhaal delivers a knockout performance as a disgraced boxer , but the movie does n't fare so well .
Compared to Gyllenhaal 's fast , flinty turn in last year 's Nightcrawler , this is simple stuff for him , suppressing the actor 's natural craftiness into lugubrious Stallone-isms .
Pure melodrama , an overlong and bloodier R-rated version of `` The Champ . ''
Each battle scar in the film is a testament to a vaguely but nonetheless forcefully defined notion of masculinity .
Floats like a bee , stings like a butterfly . The script keeps its gloves on but Gyllenhaal gives his all , notching up one of his very best performances .
Tired and dependent on amped up theatrics , Southpaw suggests the boxing drama genre is in as healthy a shape as the sport itself .
A feature that is filled with boxing tropes and , more than anything , just feels entirely dull .
The third act plays like it was outlined minutes before happy hour then never reworked .
Jake Gyllenhaal 's intense lead performance elevates this boxing drama 's formulaic melodrama .
The melodrama is absorbing and well directed , but I have to take points away for indulging so much in jacked up brutality of sustained fight scenes ... and behavioral swings on the extremes of sympathetic acceptance .
Despite the occasional cliché -LRB- the too-perfect social worker , most glaringly -RRB- , Southpaw is action-specialist Antoine Fuqua 's most solid work since 2001 's Training Day .
If you come to terms with the fact that Southpaw does n't bring any ideas to the canvas that are any newer than Wallace Beery , this is an energetic enough fight picture to capture the imagination .
Southpaw sticks to tried-and-tested genre rules , yet an edgy cast - led by formidable leading man Jake Gyllenhaal - keeps the story in sharp focus .
Intermittently compelling but mostly perfunctory .
The undeniable intensity of Gyllenhaal 's bulked-up , Method-mumbling performance may leave you feeling more pummeled than convinced in this heavy-handed tale of redemption ...

@highlight

Jake Gyllenhaal delivers an impressively committed performance , but Southpaw beats it down with a dispiriting drama that pummels viewers with genre clichés .