Thirst truly enters the dreamy , disturbing world of psychological horror . Park manages to sidestep a lot of the cliches of this subgenre by injecting seemingly inappropriate bits of humor .
The broad humour ends up undercutting the potential poignancy of the ending ... Never mind , because it 's not every day you see two vampires locked in such a colourful apache dance of destruction , filmed with such aplomb .
Leave it to the South Koreans to inject new blood into the seemingly eternal vampire oeuvre .
My affection for Thirst has mostly to do with the performance of Kim Ok-vin as Tae-ju , a sullen household slave who 's transformed into a ravenous , punishing bloodsucker .
Kiddie shows like Twilight and Blood : The Last Vampire pale -LRB- you 'll excuse the expression -RRB- in comparison .
Boldly erotic and playfully ponderous about sins of the flesh , `` Thirst '' rips open its bodice , and various veins , with arterial sprays of carnage and carnality . It 's a savage , frank , fanged fusion of `` Double Indemnity '' and `` The Postman Always Rings Twice . ''
Perhaps no auteur is as suited to the vampire genre as South Korean director Park Chan-wook , a man who has made a career out of films full of sexual perversity , doomed romances and a seemingly insurmountable volume of blood .
The degrees of shock , the foreshadowing and throwbacks throughout -LRB- both visual and in dialogue -RRB- all seem diminutive next to the amazing performances by the male and female lead .
click to read full review
A splendid grand guignol that thankfully avoids the Hallmark Card sensibility of the Twilight series .
Begins as a film about a crisis of faith and ends up with a crisis of identity itself .
The story of a noble priest resurrected as a vampire and plunged into a life of desire is opulently brought to the screen by one of South Korea 's leading filmmakers .
Something must have bored writer/director Chan-wook Park , because the second and third acts of Thirst play like scenes out of a totally different and much more incoherent film .
What sets Park 's film apart from the standard vampire picture has more to do with its tone , characterizations , and its strange blend of lyricism and pitch-black comedy .
Just when you thought you 'd seen everything that could possibly be done with vampires , along comes something like Thirst .
A truly bizarre movie , a tragicomedy that Graham Greene might have written in collaboration with Bram Stoker . But it 's repetitive and overstays its initial welcome .
Park is clearly an exceptional director capable of being weirdly funny , quirkily fantastical , brutal and sexy , sometimes at one and the same time . There 's no one quite like him .
Park directs with his usual eye-catching skill and attention to gruesome detail , and creates a story with strong emotional resonance .
A rollicking , hysterical splatter-sex-comedy only confirms ` Thirst ' as one of the year 's more extreme , enjoyable entertainments .
With its rapacious appetites and forceful directing style , is definitely a vampire film for grown-ups .
Not one of Park 's best films , but it has bite .
This fervid extravaganza is easily Park 's best film since Oldboy .
Red blood and black humour spurt hard as Thirst reveals itself to be one of the most deliciously skewed incisions into the vampire romance subgenre .
There 's plenty to get your teeth into - just a shame you 've got to wait so long for the main course .
A baroque shocker of sensuous unease and cinematic excess marbled with veins of jet-black comedy , Thirst is far from a perfect film , but it might still prove to be a great one .
Chan-wook 's film is as gluttonous and stylish as I 'm a Cyborg , but fortunately Thirst 's renewed appetite for bloodlust and self-annihilation suits the director 's pyrotechnics better .
While its most dazzling scenes recall David Cronenberg 's The Fly and Schrader 's Catpeople , it topples into self-parody in spells , as if John Waters was remaking In The Realm Of The Senses .
A fresh spin on the vampire myth resulting in a wildly inventive and blackly comic horror . Pity it 's got more padding than the average fat suit .
Gruesome , disturbing , definitely over-long but strangely moving , Thirst brings vivid new ideas to an overworked genre .
Once on course , he is uncontrollable . I do n't mean the hero , I mean the director . Park 's gallows wit and visual inventiveness keep us alert for an hour amid the ramshackle story structuring .
The film is way too long , and quite sick , though Park 's demented lyricism will stay with you .
As intelligent as it is blackly humorous , visually elegant , full-bloodedly erotic and a good half-hour too long .
Unleashing torrents of stylishly shot blood-letting he mocks the anaemic approach to the carnal undercurrents of vampire lore favoured by western cinema .
An enjoyable , extremely stylish and well acted vampire drama that builds to a terrific finale , though it 's also overlong , struggles to find the right tone and drags considerably in the middle section .
The over-long duration makes it a gruelling journey at times , but it 's worth sticking to the end , just to see what the hell Park will come up with next .
The heart of Thirst may be a vampire film but its soul is a morality play , while its flesh is a sensuous playground of desire .
It 's a production of sensational confidence .
What the film is saying , so far as I can tell , is that , if cut , you will bleed . And bleed .
Thirst is a grim antidote to the sanitized , pale young things of Twilight , Supernatural and True Blood .
Its fierce style and ripe humor are hard to resist
Leave it to Park Chan-Wook to put a stake in any pretty , romanticized notions of the undead in down and dirty , daring and dynamic style .
I found this take on the vampire flick to be an original and entertaining picture that would make for a better date night than any other movie showing right now .
Beautifully shot and willing to grapple with morality in ways both serious and playful Thirst entertains without moralizing , though it frequently lacks narrative drive .
Thirst begins with great intellectual and artistic promise , then devolves into a repetitious mess of teeth , blades , necks , bites , arterial sprays , sex , sex , sex and death .
Though brimming with crisp , stylish coolness and some unsettling images , it does n't have much of an emotional center .
Leaves your hope for something not just unusual but tasty unquenched .
If you 've been craving some vampire action but have been averse to the domestic -LRB- indeed , domesticated -RRB- fare that 's currently in vogue , Thirst might well be your cup of , er , tea .
Thirst 's moments of brilliance leave you hungry for more .
Thirst uses a vampire virus as the catalyst to set a complex tale of sin and redemption in motion .
Thirst keeps coming up against the limitations of its various inspirations like a bumper car on a crowded court . On almost every other level , the film 's audaciously entertaining , at times even quite moving . You just have to have the stomach for it .
Park aficionados are assured their fix of lurid imagery and baroque plotting , though straight-up horror buffs may get restless during the sluggish and murky middle section ; Twilight fans need not apply .
It 's a pretty terrific movie -- unruly , a little attenuated in its unexpectedly lyrical third act , but clearly the work of a major director .
-LSB- U -RSB- nlike most exercises in hematic excess -- Richard Rodriguez 's Planet Terror , for instance , or Tarantino 's Kill Bill -- Thirst offers not the consolations of camp but the intensity of opera .
There are more interesting ideas in a reel of Thirst than in dozens of other vampire movies combined . And Park 's visual eye is as strong as ever . Some of the imagery in Thirst is jaw-droppingly creative and memorable .
Park 's welcome streak for dark comedy does overcome the monotony here and there , but when the sun finally comes up we 're left with little but scattered particles of something that tried to do something good , but ultimately failed .
Park hits all the classic vampire themes in a loose , often meandering narrative ...
Movies exist to cloak our desires in disguises we can accept , and there is an undeniable appeal to Thirst .
It is to Thirst 's credit that , although we know quite clearly what the eventual outcome of this tale will be , it takes a curious and unexpected route to get there .
... director Chan-wook Park -LRB- `` Old Boy '' -RRB- has a field day tossing several genres into a blender to concoct his deliriously wacky , erotic , comedic and gory twist on the vampire tale .
Thirst is juicy filmmaking -- psychologically rich , cathartic , kinky , visually engaging and almost free of vampire-movie clichés .
The story is mostly riveting , in a chaotic kind of way .
Too bad the film never quite gets the blood pumping in the viewer , which may be a failure of Park 's to define his audience .
Full of ache and desire , Tae-ju seems the ultimate embodiment of the title of Park Chan-wook 's new film , Thirst -LRB- Bakjwi -RRB- .
There were moments where I was genuinely scared and moments where I was genuinely moved .
Funny at times , perhaps not purposefully so , it 's never truly scary or even thrilling .
Just when we 've set our brains on ponder , the picture muddies all hope of contemplation with flashes of the fearlessly eccentric imagery for which Park has become famous , and some of the slurpiest sex scenes to be found in any recent R-rated movie .
One part myth , one part vampire and one part over the top hilarity is a promising combination , but this story does n't add enough to the overused vampire genre to succeed .
`` Thirst '' lacks an appropriate atmosphere and tempo to compete with last year 's great deconstructionist vampire movie `` Let the Right One In . ''
Initially invigorating , chilling and mildly suspenseful while balanced with just the right amount of dark comedy , but it occasionally veers into a tedium of awkwardness and over-the-top bizarreness that lacks surprises .
... long stretches of ` Thirst ' play out like uneasy nightmares , and other sequences play like dreams far wetter , and that combination seems irresistable to the director .
Feeling anemic ? Allow Dr. Musetto to prescribe large quantities of human blood . You 'll find plenty of it in Thirst , from Park Chan-wook , one of South Korea 's leading filmmakers .
Park has created a rumination on morality and mortality that is not at all deadly , but funny and profound and at times intensely erotic .
At a time when so much of popular culture is turning the vampire into just another gently exotic , vulnerable lover , Park brings things back to bloody basics .
Soaked in blood though it is , Thirst leaves some essential cravings unsatisfied .
Thirst is a brilliant and gruesome work of cinematic invention as well as a passionate and painful human love story .
Thirst 's excesses will entertain some viewers , but if you want coherence , look elsewhere .
Thirst might just be the best horror movie of the year so far , precisely because it is n't one , but nevertheless works as though it is anyway .
Thirst is at least a half-hour too long . The story goes off course with pointless distractions and feeds on non-stop grisliness .
Park Chan-wook 's melodramatic `` revenge trilogy '' set a high bar for perversity and squirm-inducing violence that Thirst ... easily matches .
... a vampire love story that 'll make Twilight fans wet their pants in terror before traumatizing them for life
Thirst is n't exactly out for scares or thrills ; it 's more like an old-time Hollywood melodrama with fangs ; think A Place in the Sun with bloodsuckers .
Its turgid pace creates a queasy fascination all its own , drawing viewers into an ever-darkening locus of sin and obsession where even the wish for redemption comes at a terrible cost .
It 's tempting to call it True Blood East , but any comparisons to existing vampire sagas shortchange the unique appeal of Park 's vision .
Overlong by a half-dozen blood spurts and tonally frantic
Park 's voluptuous style fits a genre that is all appetite -- or should be .
Though not completely successful , it 's still a bold , wildly juicy film that goes for the throat and never relents .
A gaudy , daring , operatic , and bloody funny provocation of a melodrama from Park Chan-wook .
One ca n't take Thirst seriously , even with its ironic cha-cha music cues , when Park sets up his usual elaborate sentimental ending -- further variation on his typical self-flagellation and mortification of the flesh .
This big screen guzzler has much to advise about the art of vampiring , including more efficient corpse feasting by cutting the feet of your human dispensers off at the ankles and draining them over the bathtub .
It 's fun -LRB- if overlong -RRB- , but for all the noisy slurping , there 's no fresh blood .
Watch especially the 22-year-old actress-model Kim Ok-vin 's demonic expressions .
From the sweltering , acrobatic sex to the bone-crunching suckings and slayings , Tae-ju 's angrily orchestrated mayhem rhymes perfectly with Chan-wook 's voracious style .
Thirst casts a hypnotic visual spell over its vampiric goings-on .
Among its type , ` Thirst ' succeeds despite too many distractions .
It 's a highbrow , critically acclaimed movie that succeeds far more as a down and dirty horror movie than it does as an art film .
At the hands of a less competent director , THIRST could have been an abomination , but thankfully Chan-wook delivers something above par that should probably be met with two cans of Red Bull .
It 's a confronting contemporary vampire story with a plot borrowed from Emile Zola 's Therese Raquin , and it would be twice as good if it were half an hour shorter .
Thirst is a smart and exotic piece of film-making from one of Asia 's leading commercial talents and a quality example of an Asian director exploring a classic genre .
The addition of some realist elements from Zola 's novel and other noir mellers does n't work , but Park 's striking visual style and solid acting partly compensate for the weaknesses of this confused , twisted vampire saga .
The movie as a whole-which runs nearly two-and-a-quarter hours-has no sense of rhythm or flow whatsoever .
A fresh , surprising take on an old , old story -LRB- and an overpopulated subgenre -RRB- that holds the attention with deadly wit .
Those who thrive on gore , twisted sexuality and brutish handling of women can drink their fill from this film . More serious arthouse critics , however , may balk at the script 's soapy excesses .
Thirst may not be the greatest vampire movie ever made , but Park 's willingness to try something different makes it a decidedly fresh take on the genre .
An overlong stygian comedy that badly needs a transfusion of genuine inspiration .
Although the focus of its narrative movement is not always clear , in its best moments , Thirst offers something of the poetic force of cinema 's timeless masterpieces .








@highlight

The stylish Thirst packs plenty of bloody thrills to satisfy fans of both vampire films and director Chan Wook Park .