Collision Course is a relentless , fun-filled , fast-paced and most recent part in a long-running series that is pretty much sure to keep the kids -LRB- the audience for this movie -RRB- entertained with its energy .
If you are a seasoned movie buff , chances are you 'll be bored to death .
Goodness , what an unfunny mess this has become .
It may be grasping at plot straws , but it 's still funny , still sweet and still starring your favourite squirrel-rat thing .
This is the best Ice Age movie since the first one .
This is pleasant enough , and well-made as usual , but it 'd be nice , after all this walking and talking , for the series to either wind up or change direction .
Despite its frosty setting , the first Ice Age warmed viewers ' hearts back in 2002 . Now the animated critters from the first movie succeed in making the audience 's eyelids feel heavy in Ice Age : Collision Course .
This is the kind of innocent retreat from everyday routines that kids will savor .
Well before its midway point , it 's clear that IA V should be put on IV ; by the movie 's end , it 's elephantine-obvious that it 's past time for this furry franchise to have its prehistoric plug pulled-it 's reached that age to be iced .
As before , it 's the zippy writing , lively vocal work and colourful animation that hold the interest .
The problem with this movie is the same that a lot of sequels have , the originality of the previous films has worn out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Adults may find that a bit much . Kids , I suspect , will lap it up .
It should have remained frozen .
So , here we are : five films in , and by the time we 've finished with the introductions , there 's hardly any time for a movie or jokes . Laugh ? Not even once ; not even close .
A flawed , silly and a story-less mess that really , should have never seen the light of day .
Yawn .
The reliance of Ice Age : Collision Course on bathroom humor and whisper-thin characterizations is often exhausting .
The diminishing returns continue in the fifth installment of this tired animated franchise .
The fifth installment in the worst .
The steam has run out of the `` Ice Age '' franchise .
Colorful but tepid , making one wish for a cataclysmic disaster to melt all of them ... .
More Simon Pegg singing `` Figaro '' might have helped this laugh-starved bomb .
A knockabout adventure that has all the zaniness of a Looney Tunes cartoon and none of the charm .
Collision Course is mostly an uninteresting attempt to keep making Ice Age movies .
Like nearly every non-Disney animated flick since ` Shrek , ' ` Collision Course ' spends 90 or so minutes on bad puns , celebrity voice-spotting , and anachronistic pop culture references , and there 's a big dance number at the end , and then we can go home .
... one mammoth of a dud .
The fifth entry in the Ice Age series is a loud , lazy , laugh-starved cash grab that cynically exploits its target audience -LRB- I use the term advisedly -RRB- by serving them scraps and calling it yummy .
Scrat 's eternal and Sisyphean struggle both to acquire and to retain the acorn he 's been chasing has , in equal parts , both hilarity and a keen commentary on the noble struggle of humankind against a basically unfeeling universe
It 's a shame the Ice Age writers do n't try to even out their storytelling efforts throughout the entire film . It might make a prehistoric franchise like Ice Age interesting for adults once again .
The Ice Age series hits even lower lows in this insolently implausible , laughless trek toward the apocalypse .
Looks and plays so crudely next to almost every other animated feature released this year .
Clearly a franchise that ran out of steam a long time ago .
Fifth installment is fine but not-so-fresh prehistoric fun .
While some installments have been better than others -LRB- I thought 2012 's `` Ice Age : Continental Drift '' was a pretty good time -RRB- , with every new entry the series struggles to justify its existence .
... no better than mediocre , with some good gags buried under an avalanche of attempts that do n't land .
Toddlers will dig the shenanigans , but bewildered adults should root for the annihilation of this tapped-out series .
`` Collision Course '' wo n't alter the trajectory of history , but as an entertaining diversion , it does its job .
While younger kids will likely be entertained to one degree or another by this film , adults might hope some global warming will put an end to this particular `` Ice Age . '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Scares , Crude Humor , etc. - Available -RRB-
... for the first time there 's enough humor for the adults to make it bearable enough to sit through with the kids .
A perfunctory , watered-down entry in the series that feels like it should have been released on home video .
Collision Course proves once and for all that this dying franchise is but a fossil in the more evolved world of animated cinema .
Even the franchise 's usually reliable humor generator , the acorn-obsessed Scrat , ca n't produce many laughs in a flying-saucer subplot .
All good epochs come to an end ... and this one should have done so before it started to whiff quite so strongly of commercial exploitation .
The 37th installment in the popular computer animation franchise . O.K. , actually it 's only the fifth feature , but what with the shorts and TV specials and video games , it feels as if there have been so , so many more .
Ice Age : Collision Course , the fifth installment in this lamentably long-lived animated franchise , is the last Ice Age movie I intend to see .
How something so frenetic can feel so lax at the same time is a mystery
With each passing entry in the Ice Age franchise , the gap between the anarchic joy of the brief bits featuring Scrat the Squirrel and the plodding , on-the-trunk bulk of the film starring Manny the Mammoth & Family & Friends grows wider .
The best I can say of Ice Age : Collision Course is that it has nice coloring and good picture contrast .
A dismal animated sitcom that exhausts any remaining goodwill toward the series and its bland , dopey characters .
There is n't nearly enough in `` Collision Course '' that feels ... inspired or energetic .
The movie 's idea of hilarity is a pun on the word `` duty . ''
For the next round of survival , an actual screenplay would be more welcome than another offering of one-dimensional gags .
A busy but strangely flat animation extravaganza that feels tired despite its frenetic effort to entertain ... crammed with characters that grow increasingly irritating as it ambles on , -LSB- it 's -RSB- a pretty tedious slog .
With a lumbering fifth film , the Ice Age franchise 's appeal seems to have melted away .
Feels both deeply rote and way overpacked with characters .
A confused mishmash of plot elements featuring overwrought extraneous characters .
The Ice Age series was never great cinema , but there 's always been a sense of heart under all the wisecracks and zany antics . Collision Course abandons that in favor of already stale pop culture references and laughless jokes .
Hey Fox , give Scrat his own feature already , and then let the great die-off commence .
Another infuriatingly unfunny and probably successful entry in the long-running animated franchise .
Maybe you can guess the plot . A fun situation at the beginning of the movie , one of the herd does something stupid to irritate the others , antagonist appears , group comes back together and they all survive extinction yet again .
The good news : `` Ice Age : Collision Course '' is no worse than the fourth entry , `` Ice Age : Continental Drift . ''
As is too often the case with studio cartoons , a gaping blast crater separates the effort level of the animators from that of the writing team .
A hot mess of random references , clashing styles and recycled gags babbling at high speed like a kid on a sugar rush .
Easily the worst one yet , a lazy , unfocused , cluttered mess , with no reason for existing other than perpetuating the absurdly successful franchise .
Given how much money these movies make , I suspect Manny and his prehistoric company will last long enough to deal with global warming and show us just how dull it can be .
The mammoths and their mammalian buddies ... take direction from -LSB- a -RSB- lunatic weasel ... to SAVE THE WORLD by DIVERTING THE PATH OF AN ASTEROID -LRB- emphasis mine -RRB- .
Like the very asteroid that is hurtling towards Earth in the movie , `` Ice Age : Collision Course '' is chunky , clunky and bulky .
A teeth-jarring , clanging mishmash of a movie .
It 's almost as if the writers were simply using ideas left over from other Ice Age scripts that are about as fresh as the wind beneath Sid 's fleas .
Before the series ' creators decide they must give us a sixth installment , they 'd do well to consider whether they 're tired of the series regulars and should instead spin off the more interesting ones of recent vintage .
It makes a lot of right choices that compensate for any other problems it might have . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a frantically-paced but wholly unfunny caper which falls down at the first hurdle of any animated movie worth its salt -- providing a few laugh-out-loud moments .
You might say that Collision Course puts the scatology in eschatology .
The Ice Age flicks are the cinematic equivalent of drive-through nuggets of reconstituted chicken slurry served by a bored teenager in a cardboard hat .
The Ice Age films have always been one of the better , more consistent family franchises . But this is a sequel too far .
The scriptwriters fall back on that most exhausted of dynamics , the tension between a doting father and his potential son-in-law , and ca n't even do it with charm .
Young children will enjoy the helter-skelter action and animation but the charm has gone .
Ice Age : Collision Course is the fifth helping of an animated series that hit the law of diminishing returns a long time ago .
Acorn-addict Scrat was always the star of this show -- why give him only a measly 10 % stage-time in the snore-fest , ` Ice Age : Collision Course ? ' Kids will enjoy it nevertheless .
The signs are that the big chill has set in and the Ice Age franchise is on the verge of extinction .
While the animation is topnotch , and there 's enough for young audiences , the accompanying adults them might find this course a slog .
It 's hard to think of how an animated feature could be more insultingly lazy than Ice Age : Collision Course .
Ice Age : Collision Course can potentially have a similar effect on kids as raising them exclusively on 10 hours of TV , 2 litres of soda , one block of cheese and unlimited , unrestricted Internet per day might .
Perhaps it 's time for Ice Age to accept that time has moved on .
A vague exercise in repetition . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The lowest point of a franchise that was n't even that good to begin with . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This could provide some small-screen entertainment for bored kids on a rainy day . But really : enough .
The movie is fun , specially for kids , even if it 's not on par of the previous ones . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I think the saga has already been worn out and this fifth entry feels recycled , tiresome and boring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film likely to be as much of a hit with the established , teenage fans , as it will the younger , new collective .
Five movies in , the ` Ice Age ' series has jumped the sloth .
Do n't get us wrong , this sequel offers inoffensive fun that the kids will likely enjoy but Ice Age : Collision Course suggests that this franchise may well be endangered unless it adapts .
A lazy , uninspired and flavorless movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Great manufacture and endearing characters make up for a neutral narrative and the franchise weariness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Yes , there 's visual spectacle , but the film is too predictable and mechanic . And not just adults will find it that way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What did you expect ? It 's the 5 sequel ! -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Never attempting to scale the more ambitious heights of a Pixar , Collision Course is a brisk , innocuous entry in a series that places silliness and colour before narrative drive , character or originality .
It 's the fifth instalment of the animated franchise and is as tired as you might expect from a series with this many entries .
The Ice Age stories depend on their memorable scripts and Collision Course does not disappoint in this regard .
Does n't really know - or , perhaps , care - what was gold and what needed to be cut .
The winning formula is starting to wane . There are only so many natural disasters this group of prehistoric animals can survive , and in Collision Course things go interstellar , pushing this franchise to far-fetched limits .
It 's not awful , just weak , the plot and writing just are n't worthy of what the films once were .
Fox and Blue Sky should consider this franchise extinct and start working on new projects . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has little to add to a franchise that started so well . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The weakest sequel yet , but also the best animated . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The animation is touchable -LRB- it 's good to see in 3-D -RRB- and there 's room for an interesting discussion with younger viewers if you know a bit about , well , the solar system . It 's light on jokes for the adult viewer and the plot is a bit thin .
Even though the creative rut continues uninterrupted with Collision Course , this fifth instalment in the series will serve as a perfectly disposable diversion for young children -LRB- particularly those who have already seen Finding Dory -RRB- .
As in previous Ice Age instalments , the Scrat segments are the highlights , while the main storyline combines pointlessly glossy animation with dialogue from a mediocre sitcom about the woes of middle age .
Sadly , 15 years in , even the domestic developments surrounding Manny and his brood have been relegated to the sidelines , displaced by too many shrill characters frantically attempting to pad the emaciated plot .
A colourful 3D romp that 's heavy on slapstick and cosy family comedy but light on real laughs and affecting drama .
The long-running series returns to form with an infectious chatterbox comedy about the end of the world as we know it .
Takes huge strides in the hotly-contested race to be 2016 's Most Irrelevant Sequel .

@highlight

Unoriginal and unfunny , Ice Age : Collision Course offers further proof that not even the healthiest box office receipts can keep a franchise from slouching toward creative extinction .