I love movies about movies and this is one of the best .
What 's marvelous about director-screenwriter Shane Black 's depiction of the holiday season is that he captures it in a way that feels true to life -LRB- no matter how absurd the circumstances -RRB- .
The plot of the film is almost willfully convoluted . But it 's also largely beside the point , an excuse for quite a few good scenes , most of them equal parts homage and subversion .
Kiss Kiss is such a delightful bombardment , we barely notice that Black 's convoluted , serpentine plot does n't make a lick of sense .
A sarky , sniping film noir homage that assassinates the character of every LA archetype you could imagine .
Ideally mindless and entertaining in every way .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is as deep and as much fun as its title : That is , not very , and quite a lot .
A self-referential noir-screwball-action movie that never wears out its welcome -- although it delights in taking that risk , over and over again .
It 's the year 's most go-for-broke movie -- weird , silly , sad , and the hardest I 've laughed at anything that was n't The Aristocrats .
Part comedy , part romance and part crime caper , Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is one of the most entertaining and original films of the year .
This noir spoof is hammy pulp fiction to be sure , but the oddball characters and truly hilarious banter pull it right out of the B-grade bin and onto the cult shelf .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is both an apology for soiling American cinema and surrender to the mass appeal that allowed it to happen . It 's a bold experiment , yet only occasionally a great movie .
It 's a cinematic giraffe , both awkward and overreaching .
It 's funny and it 's exciting .
This super-cool post-modern take on Hollywood and the detective genre has been so cleverly written by Black .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is notable for many things . Firstly , the pairing of Downey Jr. and Kilmer is absolutely inspired .
A hugely entertaining mix of film noir , comic buddy movie and meta-cinematic romp .
Jumpy and ironic , Downey is a quicksilver delight and Kilmer is funny as the gay Perry .
Essential . Killer acting , gripping action and hilarious one-liners .
It may just be a fly-by-night fancy , but this quirky noir still packs more heat than your average action thriller .
Kilmer and Downey are not making high art here , but , hey , at least they 're good for a few chuckles .
No one does erupting instinct better than Robert Downey Jr. ... No one does calculated outrageousness better than Val Kilmer ... They 're itchy-funny and potent together .
The best movie , with the best script , in writer Shane Black 's career .
-LSB- Robert Downey Jr. is -RSB- the quickest , sharpest , slyest and wryest comic actor on the screen .
Choppy L.A. thriller . Absolutely not for kids .
Its wink-wink eyelids feel heavy from having seen so much in Hollywood and it turns out to be the best accidental detective story since `` The Big Lebowski . '' Downey Jr. and Kilmer make one of the least likely , most inspired buddy pairings of the 2000s .
An effervescent ride buoyed in no small amount by the agility of the actors
Slick , sassy and downright delicious `` Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang '' is a royal cinematic treat .
A raucous mix of black comedy and noir thriller .
This is how Hollywood action comedies should be done -- smart , fast and a hoot .
As a slice of disposably self-referential entertainment , it more than earns its keep , and also acts as an effective witness-protection programme for two stars who were formerly more in need of a bullet than a kiss .
-LSB- A -RSB- cheerful mess of a pulp-fiction parody , pumped full of laughs by Michelle Monaghan , Val Kilmer , and Robert Downey Jr. .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is as much fun as the title suggests , and packed with banter that rolls off the tongue just as easily .
A winkingly funny neo-noir treat .
The film 's more than a little bit tounge-in-cheek , and the constant winking at the audience could tire for some . For me , I just kicked back and enjoyed the ride , one far more literate than most shoot 'em ups your ' e like to to come across any time soon .
A good time for folks who like Raymond Chandler novels and action movies with a quirky side .
It 's the laugh-a-minute repartee of this odd couple that drives the movie far more than the ridiculously overly complicated plot .
Goes for -LSB- snarky postmodernism -RSB- immediately , then , to my surprise , deftly pulls it off .
An ultra-knowing exercise in genre deconstruction , and something of a charmer to boot .
It 's a movie that becomes so taken with itself , that it seems to be doing the laughing instead of the viewer .
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang remains mostly on target , sending up old detective stories and contemporary cinema simultaneously ,
A very funny send-up of hard-boiled L.A. detective movies like ` L.A. Confidential ' and ` Chinatown . '
Bold and breathless , this trippy , hilarious , know-it-all comedy-thriller will have you reliving its ironic spoils for days , but you 'll still be hard-pressed to nail the actual story .
Mais do que a química impecável entre Downey Jr. e Kilmer , o filme conta com um roteiro inteligente que faz da metalinguagem um recurso constante e orgânico à própria trama .
It convinces you that Black should have been directing his own scripts long before now .
A Stunning Return for Shane Black and Joel Silver . No , I am Not Kidding .
A movie for people who love movies ... featuring tough detectives , violent thugs , women with secrets , and dark mysteries . Oh yes , it 's also a comedy .
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is full of knowing cinema references ... but above all else it is a hilarious movie that reinvigorates the modern crime picture .
The film is quite the charmer when it needs to be , and just when you 're growing tired of its convoluted plot , it manages to win you over once again .
A trippy tribute to L.A. noir that blazes through its running time , a genre-busting blitzkrieg attack on Hollywood pretentiousness that 's just as full of it as the pulp paperbacks and their myriad filmic offshoots that it lampoons .
A very writerly film , incessantly displaying a preoccupation with its own storytelling structure and cheekily blowing the lid off other movies ' tropes and wiles .
Black 's seemingly yanked every memory of his Hollywood years from his noggin , put them down on paper and taken a Nikon to it . The result ? A blast .
After about a half-hour it became very clear to me that Black had no real idea what his story was and did n't particularly care to find out .
An homage to all the detective stories Black devoured as a kid , Black takes the genre to illogical and hilarious extremes , giving us a faux noir romp that should not be missed .
A postmodern pastiche for those who like the artifice of motion pictures and the sleazy side of America exposed with a smile .
Perhaps a better title for the self-referential noir comedy Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang would be Wink Wink , Nudge Nudge .
It 's a delirious ride Black takes us on , and it 's great fun all the way .
Stop the presses ! Wait , am I stopping them because Val Kilmer has made his first good film since Tombstone , or because writer Shane `` I Am Everything Wrong with Hollywood '' Black totally knocked his directorial debut off the wall for extra bases ?
The movie is so relentlessly impulsive that it becomes easier if the audience just cries ` uncle ' to its stylistic arm twisting .
One of the most original movies of the year .
It 's the kind of movie that 's twisted enough to play a severed finger for laughs and smart enough to make jokes about grammar .
A little twisted and completely hilarious .
She drives alone . The critic drives alone through the pitch-black night .
... funny and fast-moving ... Both Downey and Kilmer are perfectly cast and presumably having a good time .
This is about as lowbrow and raunchy as any filmmaker will ever get with an R rating .
It 's not Black 's material that misses ; it 's his refusal to let anyone -- especially the audience -- take a breather between all those bangs and kisses .
Compared to the rock-stupid Miami Vice retreads that now glut the market , it 's so witty that it 's practically niche .
-LSB- Director Shane -RSB- Black is so determined to break down the ` fourth wall , ' he loses sight of all reality . His film is too gimmicky for its own good .
'T is the season for over-the-top violence and delightfully absurdist humor !
A delicious post-modern romp through a meta-fictional crime caper - I loved it .
An occasionally funny and entertaining film that ultimately tries too hard and can not maintain the breakneck pace that the first act antes up .
Kilmer earns Comeback Actor of the Year honors for his sharp turn .
Not as clever as it thinks it is , but it 's a pretty enjoyable movie-movie nonetheless .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is the first movie since 1994 's Pulp Fiction not just to understand movie violence as a pop cultural form ... but to play it like a virtuoso violinist .
Black has finally got the hipness that his Lethal Weapon films pawed like apes , thudding with macho humor .
Shane Black 's Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is Raymond Chandler on comic steroids , a fast-paced , incredibly dense film noir thriller , knee-deep in Hollywood glitter .
Wickedly funny .
Black has concocted a zany detective dramedy , a jokey , nocturnal Chinatown and an amazingly , amusingly verbose movie , all banter and hard-as-nails detective cliches .
This is one of Downey 's most enjoyable performances , and one of Kilmer 's funniest .
The movie 's self-referential snarkiness borders on too clever for its own good , but there 's no denying the fresh new edge to this one-time Hollywood hotshot 's directorial debut .
I was at first entertained but eventually exhausted by all the movie references , which become maddeningly self-congratulatory .
Kiss Kiss may not smack of the truth or invite analysis , but in a warped way it gets the freaky job done .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is crass and crude , and loves every minute of it .
Kiss Kiss may be impossibly pleased with itself , but with good reason .
Fast , flashy and filled with gunplay , gumshoes and gangsters ...
... a smug , self-referential blend of twisty Raymond Chandler-style mystery and `` Pulp Fiction '' - style spoof of same .
Downey , fresh out of rehab , is perfect for this part - emaciated and hangdog , a perfect embodiment of the loser who knows he 's running out of chances and had better make the most of this one .
The best action movie of the year .
The formula is old but this film is genuinely funny . The comedy is more satisfying than the mystery .
A clever , post-modern noir , equal parts loving homage and biting parody .
Nihilistic , misanthropic , and it just might hate its audience a little , but damn if it does n't wash out as something exhilarating .
Annoyingly glib ... Drowns in its own jokiness .
While Downey 's rumpled insouciance jibes with the movie 's jaded , narcissistic tone , it 's a hard tone to take for a hundred minutes or so .
A more-than-serviceable dark comedy .
An entertaining send-up of hard-boiled pulp novels and the harsh realities of Hollywood .
If you 've seen your share of action flicks -LRB- who has n't ? -RRB- you should have no trouble chuckling . And nodding and winking .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang could be construed as a kind of oblique mea culpa , but Black is having too much fun to seem all that apologetic .
As one of the best noir crime thrillers since L.A. Confidential , Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is also going to make you laugh and laugh .
Do n't Do n't Go Go .
-LSB- Downey -RSB- give -LSB- s -RSB- us one of the most deliciously shivery-great performances so far this year ...
A frenzied , stylish , very funny inside joke .
All affectation and no affect ... by the end the smug artificiality of it all has become well-nigh intolerable .
Diabolically plotted and fiendishly clever
The cool thing about `` Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang '' is that it 's a lot of fun to watch shiny , happy people shooting at each other ...
-LSB- A -RSB- movie-lover 's movie .
Misogynistic , homophobic , smug , and pointless , Black 's auteur debut is an exercise in self-reflexivity , and the image reflected back is ugly .
Black is clearly having a huge amount of fun with the film and his witty script takes in everything from Chandleresque pulp novels to trashy Hollywood clichés and knowing in-jokes .
It 's an absurd , over-the-top bullet-riddled action-thriller-comedy with its tongue stuck so firmly in cheek anyone taking even a second of it seriously should be immediately sent to a psych ward for observation .
Downey spins joyfully back and forth between farce and realism . Is there any leading man more fun to watch ?
Black misses the mark here and there , but the film never stands still and bad jokes are quickly displaced by good ones .
Put together well , and its numerous stunts and action sequences are imaginatively conceived and carried out with an original flair .
Black 's postmodern take lives up to its title , though an added Laugh Laugh might have said it all .
I have n't had this much fun at the movies in a long time .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is a delightful return to the spotlight for Shane Black , reminding the viewer that he was gone for far too long .
It 's clever but not as clever as it thinks it is .
Movies do n't get much cheesier than this -- or much more fun .
This is the kind of dialogue that sparks our three actors into zany life .
A self-reflexive , raunchy , witty and irreverent movie , bound to please all but the most straitlaced audiences
Probably wo n't do your karma any favors , but there may not be a better time in theaters this year . If Satan is indeed involved in Black 's career , then Satan deserves a raise .
the zingers come so fast and furious that if you miss a few -LRB- and even the most alert viewer will the first time -RRB- , there are always more .
Vulgar , noisy , pointless and stupid .
`` Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang '' is a pulp fiction in itself with dead bodies showing up and plenty of kidnappings .
... has the bitter irony of someone who used to love the movies until he started making them .
-LSB- A -RSB- smart , hilarious blend of detective story and action film , relishing the viciously twisting plot and the chance to take sarcastic swipes at life in superficial Los Angeles .
A slithery treat .
The bullets fly and the humor takes its own trajectory .
It 's dark humor that takes detective stories into a whole new genre - sharp tongues , smart plotlines , and fast-paced action .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is the smartest , fastest , funnest Hollywood update on '40s film noir from someone who knows the turf well .
A true comeback for Black and stars Downey and Kilmer , Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is smart smart , fun fun .
A silly , self-reflexive lark oozing spitfire sarcasm and nonchalant cool .
This tribute to old-fashioned hard-boiled detective fiction is laced with Hollywood satire and the snappy , lightning-fast dialogue that helped make writer-turned-director Shane Black 's name synonymous with hard-edged '90s action comedies .
This is Black 's love letter to the pulps he loved growing up and that inspired his career , and his affection can be felt on every frame .
A smart , hilarious and affec tionate spoof of detective movies -- and Hollywood -- starring the inspired team of Robert Downey Jr. and Val Kilmer .
An adrenalized , sexy , comic film noir thriller that is as subversive as it gets in the City of Angels .
Storytelling , performance and visual literacy this brilliant may be out of style , but I ca n't imagine anyone who sees Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang not coming out panting for more .
Kiss Kiss is so inside Hollywood , so anxious to bite the hand that fed Black , that it plays like an elaborate prank .
Pretty damned funny in its insubstantial , gratuitously violent , gratuitously everything way .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang is a terrific one-night stand , but you may wake up , as Harry does , and wonder exactly who you slept with .
Even if it does n't necessarily hold together as a coherent narrative and its mystery only makes a little sense , Kiss Kiss is a tremendously entertaining trip .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang contains a lot of comedy and invention , but does n't much benefit from its clever style .
Lethally funny , this cynical , satirical mystery thriller wryly plays murder for laughs .
This is a Bang-up job .
Val Kilmer has n't been this cool in comedy since Real Genius . No , The Island of Dr. Moreau does n't count .
The best director for Shane Black 's unique style of writing just might be Shane Black .
This movie is a classic already - you 'll be quoting it and referencing it as soon as you have walked out of the theater .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang was made for me personally . Do n't worry if you all do n't get it . It 's just for me ... it will give you some insight into my brain .
Black winds up sabotaging his own material when another director 's perspective could have successfully meshed parody with the hallucinatory underbelly of pulp fiction .
does for the action genre what Scream did for the slasher flick .
All three actors give it their all , but Monaghan stands out with a sexy yet oddly down-to-earth variation on the Midwest girl gone wrong , thanks partly to a dark dysfunctional family secret .
Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang turns into a film that is too ostentatiously pleased with itself , so in love with its own cleverness it does n't notice it 's darn near worn you out .
Shane Black 's film noir is a movie with no particular reason for existing , a flashy , trifling throwaway whose surface cleverness masks a self-infatuated credulity .
Raucously entertaining .
Hard-boiled dialogue and drop-dead attitude rarely hit their target as hilariously as they do in Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang .
Black 's retro-noir reminds us why we love movies : because they can surprise us , even when we 're ankle deep in bullet casings , bodies and enough twists to tie us in knots .
Among the biggest surprises of the year .
The movie itself may be the slyest bit of all , proving that it 's possible to come back not just adequately , but better than before .
Lethal Weapon 5
Brilliantly spoofs Hollywood and the buddy comedy genre ... with an irreverent script ... a real treat .
-LSB- A -RSB- deliriously enjoyable noir comedy-thriller .
It 's Chinatown on crack ; no , make that Chinatown on crystal meth .
Downey 's pseudo-hip one liners do not work .
The plot is knotty enough to be genuine Chandler , but Chandler never wrote characters like these .
Tongue planted in its cheek and elbow digging for your ribs , the movie is tricked out with a panoply of new wave stunts .
An entertaining , albeit eclectic and eccentric , mélange .
Murder mystery meets the odd couple in this blackly hilarious bravado film that goes further in self referentialism than anything seen before .
Knowing , witty , clever and full of outrageously good action .
... awfully entertaining ...
Sly , darkly humorous and a lot of fun , this postmodern satire playfully deconstructs every Hollywood genre : noir , private eye , actioner , and male buddy comedy
A modernized frat-boy version of Chinatown ... and I mean that in a good way .
I could n't have liked it more .
While Downey Jr. and Kilmer come through this exercise unscathed , the whole think is just too busy , too pleased with its own bratty hipness ...
... for anyone who enjoys film noir , dark humor , groovy dialogue and murder , murder , murder .
Perhaps too clever for its own good and so confusingly dense one is tempted to stop trying to follow the plot and just go along for the ride .
Bang knows how to strike a pose , but not how to shoot straight .
Quite a roller-coaster ride through the funhouse of Tough-Guy P.I. Fiction .

@highlight

Tongue-in-cheek satire blends well with entertaining action and spot-on performances in this dark , eclectic neo-noir homage .