Aftershock is a pretty fun little movie if you do n't take it too seriously and has an enjoyable nasty streak to it once the world begins to go to hell , only if you can forgive the extra-long set-up that gets us there .
A schizophrenic but effective little combo of Hostel and Irwin Allen .
With a nihilistic ending tacked on because hopelessness is seemingly cool , cheap special effects , clunky dialogue , a bizarre ten-second cameo from Selena Gomez , and some genuinely mediocre filmmaking , Aftershock is too amateurish to be truly awful .
It 's just one gigantic waste of time .
a fumbled and misguided mess that not even the infamous Harvey Weinstein could snake-oil pitch .
Very , very ordinary .
It gleefully chops its cast down in increasingly alarming and brutal ways .
It feels like overeager tourists playing make believe on the old Earthquake attraction at Universal Studios . The parts that work better are intentionally played for laughs .
The cosmopolitan cast never develops much chemistry , and the script settles into a predictable pattern of gory mayhem .
This Dimension pickup is a hectic , sometimes hilarious guilty pleasure that should delight genre geeks .
Was Aftershock just an elaborate ruse by writer-producer-star Eli Roth to justify an extended vacation to Chile ?
You just might find yourself rooting for the earthquake to win out in the end .
Is no continent safe from the blood-drenched paws of filmmaker Eli Roth ?
Ultimately , Aftershock ends up having the nihilistic outlook of Funny Games with the charming international optimism of Hostel .
If you 're in the midst of such a massive quake , with destruction everywhere , the last thing you should be doing is worrying about escaped murderer-rapist prisoners .
If ` The Impossible ' was a disaster film for the arthouse , ` Aftershock ' is strictly grindhouse . It delivers the nasty goods .
Aftershock Is Like Piranha 3D Meets The Impossible
You can only listen to so much screaming and crying before it stops having the desired effect -LRB- ratcheting up the viewer 's stress level -RRB- and simply becomes grating .
Supposed to be a subversive hybrid of disaster movies and gory horror , but it 's uncertain where the two actually meet .
Aftershock 's best attribute is the disregard it shows for the safety of its central `` heroes '' who perish in brutal and generally unexpected ways .
`` Aftershock '' is ultimately predictable in its litany of who lives and who dies , and does n't try to be too ironic or self-reflexive about it .
On the seismic scale of entertainment , `` Aftershock '' registers a 1.5 .
A weird mash-up of disaster , horror and dystopia genre pictures , `` Aftershock '' fails to make the Earth move .
The violence is quick and occasionally inventive , with little of the attenuated nastiness that characterizes so many genre pictures , and the photography ranges from brightly sun-kissed to down-and-dirty .
There 's so little context to the litany of ugliness - some played for laughs , some meant to shock - that it 's hard to discern where the entertainment value lies in any of this .
It 's hard to imagine just who would want to sit through this movie , given the sadistic mayhem the audience is subjected to .
Aftershock is incompetently made and morally muddled , but since talent , morality , and Mr. Roth have never been on speaking terms , we 're not exactly surprised .
Cross `` The Hangover '' with the Apocalypse and that 'll give you some idea of the level of debauched mayhem that makes `` Aftershock '' such a shameless and titillating exercise in horror .
Roth and his pals are so dedicated to dread -LRB- and debauchery -RRB- that the potential thrills get lost .
The ending is sick enough to make it almost worth the wait . Key word : almost .
There is a great final shot ... and the Roth character does find a place with real heat . Otherwise , there 's nothing groundbreaking here .
Aftershock becomes perversely predictable after a while . Just imagine what a conventional disaster movie would do , and wait for the opposite to happen .
It 's not my kind of horror flick anyway , but even for fans of gross-out gore-a-paloozas and campy humor this is a swing and a miss .
It 's boring , overly gory and ridiculously executed .
... if you think you are going to be witnessing something in the vein of your typical death and destruction flick like THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW or 2012 , you will probably be horrified by the depravity on display .
The elements all seem to be there but they 're not compiled in a way that creates atmosphere or dread as much as they do confusion and laughter .
Utterly generic , but worth seeing just to experience Eli Roth -- movie star .
Merely lurid slice-and-dice junk put through a Cuisinart .
Nicol치s L칩pez 's slick shocker turns into an unholy amalgam of disaster film and slasher flick .
If you 're into Eli Roth-style gore , it 's satisfying enough - period .
There 's plenty of gore , but none of it is particularly inventive , nor does it engender any visceral or emotional reactions beyond jaded disgust .
Whether Nicol치s L칩pez was actually trying to be funny with Aftershock I 'll never know , because I ended up laughing more than I intended , but hell - intensity and pace gleefully carry the film two-thirds of the way .
Recommended to fans who 've been thirsty for Roth 's brand of blood .
There are a few plot holes and weak motivations exhibited by various characters but the sheer energy on display makes it easy enough to suspend disbelief .
Certain to generate a slew of lesser imitators , Aftershock manages to shake free from expectations of banality , creating an extremely effective , unsettling experience .
Struggles to strike a tone between intense and comically cruel as it picks off its cast .
Aftershock is a brutally brilliant , blood-soaked horror destined to become a genre cult classic .
... it 's ultimately impossible to shake the feeling that a major opportunity has been squandered here .
Aftershock gets a little Sunshine-like ridiculous in its final act and becomes a bit too routine , but for a good hour this is a genuinely successful disaster flick with real terror , gory surprises and all the nasty fun a horror fan craves .
The first two-thirds are terrific , but it 's marred by a gruesome finale .
by coloring within the lines it is an effective midnight movie

@highlight

Aftershock hints at an inventive twist on horror tropes , but ultimately settles for another round of mind-numbing depravity that may alternately bore and revolt all but the most ardent gore enthusiasts .