It 's a good movie !
The trouble is , in recounting Mapes ' case , it winds up throwing her back under the bus .
The first half is tough going but once things start to unravel it certainly picks up speed .
Overall Truth is a strong film , examining the side of the story that was n't really considered at the time and fueled by Blanchett 's stellar performance .
Awash in manipulative music and emotional confrontations , Truth offers its own most damning criticism when Rather says , `` People want to talk about conspiracy theories because that 's what they do these days , and the truth gets lost in the scrum . ''
Truth belongs to Cate Blanchett .
Vanderbilt 's film , boasting brisk pacing and a powerhouse performance by Blanchett , is meant to serve as both a cultural corrective to Rather 's tainted legacy and an examination of the complex web of newsgathering required to substantiate a major story .
For a film called Truth , the facts come across somewhat dodgy .
Is it a great film ? No , but it definitely deserves to be talked about .
Truth is about journalism versus `` infotainment , '' reporters and bloggers , and the evolution of news and information . Ultimately , it is about all the colors that can shade belief to the point that it comes out gray in the end .
Truth is all about Blanchett , who really shines in-and carries-an otherwise bad good movie . -LRB- Or is it a good bad movie ? -RRB- There are a lot of themes introduced , but are stated in rather sweeping gestures .
Cumbersomely scripted and scored ... about as subtle as a Sun headline .
Truth , as much as I agree with many of its contentions , fails to hold itself to the same level of scrutiny as it does those going after Mapes and Rather , and as such never feels as authentic as it should have .
When Truth falters , it 's Blanchett 's unyielding , captivating force that keeps it alive .
Ultimately , Truth feels like a wake for the death of the Wednesday 60 Minutes and , personally , I needed a hanky to get through it .
Truth has an air of a film that thinks it 's important . The story is fascinating but it would have been better served to portray it as what it actually is - a cautionary tale about quickie journalism and acting before you have solid proof .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a ham-fisted telling of the chain of events at CBS News that got Dan Rather fired .
Movies like ` Truth ' tend to be highly politically charged and have complicated backgrounds . Regarding ` Rather-gate , ' it 's likely that multiple cases of strategery abound .
Vanderbilt 's attempts at interrogation simply do not get under the skin and fail to penetrate the cynical cycle of corruption and cover-ups , so palpably executed in Spotlight .
A well crafted film that could 've been excellent but feels monotone . It knows how to suggest but nothing is shown directly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Truth ' is simplistic , pedestrian swill , no matter when you release it ; putting it out so close to ` Spotlight ' merely emphasizes its already overpowering flaws .
One of Robert Redford 's occasional forays into political filmmaking , this small-scale drama is packed with ideas . ... Great performances by Redford and Blanchett inject the movie with dramatic brio .
This is the epitome of preaching to the choir , a movie either terrified of challenging its target audience or , even worse , unwilling to .
Cate Blanchett steals the show with an amazing acting display in this powerful film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A captivating inside look to the world of television news . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As far as a depiction of journalism , however , I think this movie glosses over some of the journalistic decisions that went wrong , while concentrating on politics and conspiracy theories .
Based on true events , the film stands out because of the great performances by Blanchett and Redford . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great film that surprisingly did n't make a lot of noise , hopefully time will give it a place that praises all it 's virtues and great performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sadly , Vanderbilt is n't Fincher and neither is Pakula , his work might be good , but it lacks personality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Predicatable , old and conservative , using the old strategy of manequism of a true story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie fails by it 's own premise , why do we need to feel empathy for two journalists that screwed up ? no matter how you feel about Bush . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good drama about how to handle an editorial department when there are interest conflicts with the government . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A well built script that balances the professional work aspect of journalism while also showing how this affects their personal lives . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A captivating real life drama that 's up there with other great films about journalism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Truth is well made , but a little too pleased with itself .
The story is admirably even-handed in showing how Mapes and Rather could have erred in judgment , but it tries to have its cake and eat it by showing them winning the moral battle , even as they lose the fight on the front for truth .
As a case study in journalism and ethics , the film is intriguing . As drama , it stutters .
Anchored by a blazing performance by Cate Blanchett as the resolute Mapes and a studiedly cooler one from Robert Redford as legendary US newscaster Dan Rather , Truth delivers a gripping account .
That generic title obscures a surprisingly complex exploration of the real-life events surrounding the fall of iconic American newscaster Dan Rather in 2004 .
Blanchett is terrific as Mapes , juggling hard journalism and home life , serving breakfast to her son while fielding tough-as-nails phone calls .
Redford is marvellous but even Blanchett ca n't do anything with the screenplay 's messy rendition of Mapes , who too often plays like a mushy rom-com heroine .
Solid but uninspiring .
The movie is wordy , worthy and often bombastic in dialogue , with Blanchett the backbone of the story while Redford 's careful , nuanced portrayal of the nation 's most trusted news anchor is a study in understatement .
The casting can not save a slightly ho-hum story that crosses the Atlantic badly .
Mapes and Rather resent the way that the debate gets bogged down in the documents without focusing on the larger issue , but the film gets bogged down in just the same way .
Its endeavor in capturing the global downfall of the media and this downfall 's continuing eradication of one of the most respected professions in human history is every inch the hard truth .
It 's a fascinating look at modern journalism - but perhaps not always for the reasons its makers intended .
Vanderbilt uses his cinematic tools to manipulate us into forgetting the real point .
This is one of Blanchett 's best performances on film - and that is saying something . Mapes is both ordinary and heroic here , which will , of course , upset those who think she is just a left-wing hack .
Truth gains gravitas and excitement as it goes along , ultimately becoming a truly gripping fact-based journalistic thriller featuring , for my money , Cate Blanchett 's career-best lead performance .
Briskly paced , the film unfolds as a captivating fiasco about presumption , bias , hidden agendas and the elasticity of journalistic ethics .
The film , one of the best of the year , is strongly recommended to serious filmgoers .
Truth is an entertaining and thought provoking picture , even if it would have benefited from being more expansive .
Media junkies with a fascination for the inner workings of the news business will be transfixed by how this all happened , and where those involved ended up .
First time director James Vanderbilt has made an arresting , intelligent and thought provoking film that explores the changing face of journalism in a world of big business and political clout . Cate Blanchett and Robert Redford head a wonderful cast
Its saving grace is its stellar cast , who more than make up for the sometimes uneven flow of the plot .
Blanchett 's character is the one burned at the stake for her actions , but Redford 's Rather is the one who carries the torch for the fourth estate , and becomes the human face of media martyrdom .
It 's hard to walk into a film with the name `` Truth '' without great expectations about its content . This one fails to meet any of those expectations .
... provokes an intriguing discussion of how politics and big business have changed the risks and angles that news organizations take , with the truth getting lost in the shuffle .
Vanderbilt tries to show us the TV news reporting process from inside the fishbowl , but he does n't so much walk us through the world as talk and talk and talk us through it .
The first part of the movie takes us to All the President 's Men territory . It follows Mapes and her team - played by Dennis Quaid -LRB- as good as ever -RRB- , Topher Grace and an underused Elisabeth Moss .
A fascinating look at the pitfalls of modern journalism , and a compelling portrait of a journalist who paid a high price for letting them trip her up .
Surprisingly effective as drama and thought-provoking on every other level , Truth only stumbles owing to a tendency to preach , but not enough to sink the film .
When Mapes ' story about Bush airs , the film gives us a montage of all-walks-of-life Americans glued to their television sets , as if '60 Minutes Wednesday ' were the Kennedy funeral .
With a little more polish , it could have been an awards contender come December and beyond . It certainly boasts one performance worthy of consideration , with Cate Blanchett superb as Mary Mapes .
-LSB- Truth fails -RSB- to answer that key journalistic question : Why does any of this matter ?
One of the things Truth is quite honest about is the oxymoronic ethos of the news business in general -- i.e. , always be right , always be first .
A bold exploration of some of the challenges faced by investigative journalists in an age of dirty politics .
Despite Cate Blanchett 's and Robert Redford 's earnest work , the truth about `` Truth '' is that it fails to engage on the emotional and intellectual levels that would have made it commanding drama .
For a film titled Truth , there 's a lot of hedging going on .
Truth is like a long-winded horror story from a wounded and aged veteran . You respect what they 've done and the end result is intriguing , but the story beforehand is riddled with nonsense and self-created propaganda you could care less about .
Scare quotes around a movie title have never been so necessary .
The main draw here is Blanchett , of course . She 's always captivating , but the material betrays her .
When it comes to understanding that journalism demands a higher standard , Vanderbilt ca n't handle the truth .
it loses momentum when it tries to grapple with Big Issues , letting Mapes , Rather and Grace 's character all stop the film to give speeches on the importance of good journalism . But was this good journalism ?
The Dan Rather biopic is really more about Mary Mapes whose basic journalism failure cost both of them their jobs . It 's called Truth . Not so sure that 's an accurate title .
Ironically the film tends to be a bit fuzzy on the details , leaving it open to scrutiny .
... an interesting yet erratic true-life story that could and should have been so much better ...
Ultimately , some of the answers in `` Truth '' are unsatisfying , but it asks important questions , which is one of journalism 's chief responsibilities .
Condescending , self-righteous and sloppy , Truth is simply a bad film for which there are no excuses .
`` Truth '' is ... mesmerizing , entirely because of Blanchett ; this is one of those movie-star performances in which every detail , every gesture feels right .
The movie is n't good , unless your idea of fun is watching Cate Blanchett get beaten with sticks for two hours .
Revisiting journalistic history
Robert Redford plays Dan Rather . I know . Just reading that out loud seems odd -- but Redford does a terrific job of capturing Rather 's on-air cadence and his larger-than-life off-air persona .
With its bombastic title , Truth seems to want to remind us of the complications of reality , even as it selects which characters ' truths to portray . Truth presents one strand , and in that it does a good job .
An awfully conventional melodrama .
Truth is the truth , especially in showing how elusive the truth can be on some stories .
Engrossing and occasionally moving ...
Nobody does the aggrieved party better than Blanchett , who could play the title tragedians in any smart recasting of King Lear or Hamlet .
The ambiguity of ` Truth ' leaves it neither celebratory nor condemnatory , an interesting but slightly flat recounting of a major misstep in modern journalism .
Truth is a by-the-numbers biopic that serves as a blunt , inelegant hagiography of old-school journalism , streamlining facts in order to make its protagonists seem like perfect angels of justice .
In this telling , the final `` truth '' rings hollow .
See it now , if you must , because the chances of a post-Oscar celebratory reissue are looking slim .
Watching the actors work is a pleasure .
While I want to sympathize and cluck my tongue at the degradation of my trade , that 's not the same thing as a compelling movie .
The film feels dodgy , tentative and uncertain as to how to frame its own protagonist in a complicated story of journalistic compromise -LRB- and worse -RRB- .
Delivers sloppy reporting and questionable decision-making through the lens of a determined professional going up against demonized sticklers for details .
Where 's the Dramatic Chipmunk when you really need him .
An apologia for the critical errors made by Mary Mapes , an award-winning producer for CBS News and 60 Minutes , and her team of investigators .
A journalism movie draws the wrong conclusions about a famous journalism scandal .
The movie is never quite as rousing as it 's trying to be , but it comes close enough .
This is a confusing mess of a movie , full of troubling implications about journalistic ethics . But there are many other horrible things about it .
Less an ode to broadcast journalism than a requiem for its demise , the too tidily titled Truth indicts a society that has almost giddily surrendered its right to ask tough questions .
` Truth ' works hard to make a profound statement about journalism in the vein of `` All the President 's Men '' or `` The Insider , '' but it falls short mainly because it refuses to admit that the report was simply shoddy journalism .
Though the -LSB- film -RSB- ... can not pretend to be free of its own leanings , Vanderbilt allows a reading of Mapes ' tragic errors amidst its melancholy diagnosing of TV-news ' slow , painful death march from the public trust into modern corporate product .
careful , disturbing dissection of how the triumph of style over substance , flash over facts , insinuated itself in , and then took over , television news .
Damning , though perhaps not entirely in the ways it was intended to be .
What is striking about the film is the degree to which it lauds Mapes and her colleagues most emphatically precisely when they are displaying their worst journalistic judgment .
`` Truth '' is an eye-opening story that left me with a bunch of moral questions .
Engrossing drama offers inside look at the news business .
A solid drama with good to strong performances , a compelling story and able direction . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Asserts its ambitions with its title and goes on to explore the very nature of truth and our willingness or ability to uncover and recognize it .
tells a maddening story , but Vanderbilt fails to entirely make his case .
`` Truth '' is for filmgoers who do n't mind being preached at .
The picture belongs to Cate Blanchett 's Mary Mapes , as she endures a very public scrutiny of both her gender and her politics , particularly at a time when `` liberal '' and `` feminist '' were treated as four-letter words .
Vanderbilt does an impressive job of keeping the screws turning , adroitly shifting from the giddy thrill of the chase ... to the thudding sense of doom that sets in when the story begins to unravel .
Blanchett 's journey from the top to the bottom is spellbinding - we see everything crumbling as through her eyes .
Shame on us , says Truth . `` Fuck off , '' says I.
With hints of both All the President 's Men and Good Night and Good Luck , Truth steps in the footsteps of some brilliant films where journalists are the righteous heroes .
You ca n't shake the sense that a thorough accounting of the facts here would be more interesting than a dramatized whitewashing .
A very rousing piece , bolster by its true story . If nothing else , this ought to be seen for another awards-worthy , killer Cate Blanchett performance .
Call a movie `` Truth , '' and you 're asking for trouble .
There 's a strong cast -LRB- Dennis Quaid , Elisabeth Moss and Topher Grace on the news team -RRB- but the writing and direction by James Vanderbilt is surprisingly crass , manipulative and ultimately sanctimonious .
Cate Blanchett anchors this aptly dramatized look at the circumstances surrounding the discovery and revelations behind Abu Ghraib ...
Worth seeing mostly for Cate Blanchett 's firebrand performance .
As Mapes , Blanchett burns on a high flame , and Redford finds the wounded dignity in Rather . But not enough to give the Mapes team a pass . The real story here is how the CBS bosses pushed to throw them under the bus .
On its own terms , Truth works fine .
Movies like Truth are why so many people hate `` Hollywood liberals . ''
A film that 's about the importance of asking questions and speaking truth to power - and we know this because every other scene has a character launching into a monologue about the importance of asking questions and speaking truth to power .
The sheer volume of information means that much of the dialogue feels exposition-heavy , but the performances ensure it never becomes sluggish .
Blanchett and Redford justify a look at `` Truth . '' They clearly feel passionately about the material , and that fervor comes through in their work .
Truth is one awfully glib piece of work .
It is not hard to wonder if `` Truth '' the screenplay might have rang its bell a bit more clearly in the hands of another director , another set of eyes and hands to distill the material .
More than most docudramas about fairly recent events , it is so well written and acted that it conveys a convincing illusion of veracity .
... unashamed misrepresentations ... spins two disgraced , prejudiced journalists as victims instead of the miscreants they were when their reporting was biased , shoddy , and inaccurate ... Redford 's performance laughably awful .
More useful as a look at the difficulty , even the impossibility , of sifting truth out of an avalanche of facts and random chunks of simple human fallibility .
It 's a film that ca n't develop themes because it 's too busy disseminating information , and this extends to its main characters .
A new entry among the pantheon of great journalism movies . Blanchett is electrifying .
Intense and tantalizing , it delves into the deplorable decline of modern journalism .
Vanderbilt has a great sense of forward motion and wrings suspense from an idea-driven story .
Truth is fascinating and often exciting . But the film lacks the qualities of great drama that make it feel like it 's unfolding right in front of the audience .
One of the best movies of the year .
Its only agenda seems to be to uncritically support the person on whose memoir , not surprisingly , it 's based . It 's not a real drama . It 's an argument for the defense . It skips who , what , when , where and why and goes straight to whine .
The film plays as defiant tragedy , the story of a good reporter who possibly made a mistake but should never have been discredited .
You do n't review the film ` Truth , ' you take a position .
Academy , just give Blanchett the Oscar now .
For a movie about the importance of objectivity , Truth feels like a biased and sanctimonious op-ed column .
It is a questioning and contemplative and at times smart film , even if it has a tendency to preach .
Truth passionately retells a vital nugget of recent American history , but it misses the essential contradiction in its morality play .
`` Truth '' may not be an all-out homerun for Vanderbilt , but its a fine example of the exceptional work that Blanchett and Redford are capable of doing in any role they 're given .
The primary objective of Truth is to rehabilitate the reputation of Mary Mapes .
Relies so heavily on the significance of its source material that it never seems to push any further and present the story with a matching level of gravitas .
Depressingly uneven and over-wrought .
At this point , Blanchett being amazing will surprise absolutely no one .
When Mapes is called before the investigative committee to defend herself , Blanchett delivers a ripping and powerful monologue that will be played at every tribute she 's given for the rest of her career .
Vanderbilt 's - based on a self-serving memoir by Mapes - wilfully twists the truth to defend the piece that led to Rather and Mapes ' joint fall from grace and greatly damaged the reputation of American journalists with the public .
In the closing act , the film sharpens and becomes something far more compelling .
While it gives Robert Redford the opportunity to chew on scenery in the role of Rather , much of the movie cedes control to Cate Blachett , who turns Mapes into a brazen hero undone by the courage of her convictions .
It may be yesterday 's news , but there 's still plenty of juice left in Truth , a crackerjack journalism yarn in which big-name actors play big-name real-life characters who became embroiled in a controversy that still raises partisan hackles .
As high-class cheese goes , Truth slips down fine .
It 's admirably serious-minded about the means and ends of news provision , and about the clashing , deafening bias that afflicts it daily .
`` It 's as lack of nuance and objectivity which turns a potentially complex film into a simple , mostly one noted message movie . ''
Cate Blanchett and Robert Redford star in James Vanderbilt 's crisp and fastidious account of the Killian documents affair .
Despite its awkward start , the film grows significantly in stature , thanks mainly to its two headlining stars who hit all the right notes .
As much as Truth aspires to Zodiac 's heights , it lacks Fincher 's cool and methodical hand , and his sublime artistry .
You 'll know if Truth really has done its job if it compels you to ask questions about the history it dramatizes .

@highlight

Truth 's terrific cast and compelling message are often enough to overcome its occasionally didactic and facile dramatization of a nuanced real-life tale .