Truly , the best martial arts film about elephants yet made .
In the realm of fresh martial arts movie stars , no one holds a candle to Tony Jaa .
You have to wonder why they even bothered with the subtitles . It 's not like they make much difference .
Bone-crunching action triumphs over story and , uh , character development .
a no-brainer , but also an extravaganza of inventive , visually stunning brutality -LRB- by the trunkload -RRB- .
If you like you martial arts action tough , gritty and fast , Tony Jaa is your artist , as he proved on his debut with Ong Bak -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . This is Muay Thai , a form of aggressive martial arts that makes the others look tame .
If a video game allowed you to do what Tony Jaa does , it would be the bestselling video game in history .
It 's tremendously refreshing to see a film that relies solely on the choreography of its athletic star to make the action work .
Resurrects the bad acting and absurd plotting of old-fashioned kung fu movies , as well as their exhilarating stunts and action choreography .
Pretty tough to sit through .
Exactly like an elephant , mostly slow and lumbering -- but with great menacing charges of excitement .
The Protector 's plot is as sturdy as a piece of balsa wood , which would n't have mattered so much if the film had showcased Jaa 's talents better .
Four screenwriters get credit for the bottom-feeder script .
It plays like a bad B-movie where we suddenly leave an ongoing conversation to join a fight in progress .
Jaa 's ingratiatingly ridiculous Protector delivers a steady stream of cheap B-movie thrills , plus two positive messages for young people : Be nice to animals , and when in doubt , always aim for the tendons .
By the end you 're so invigorated that narrative issues seem like an afterthought .
It 's silly , at times laughable , sure , but Jaa has a reckless , bone-cracking grace that transcends the film 's triviality . For fight fans , he 's worth the price of admission .
The story is incoherent -LRB- possibly due to Weinstein cuts in the Thai original -RRB- , but if you enjoy fight scenes , this is an eye-popping amazement ...
Jaa-dropping stunts buried in an overly sentimental plot .
The whole point here is the action stuff , and , wow , does it deliver !
Anyone familiar with Quentin Tarantino knows he has a love for martial arts movies and cult films . So no one should be surprised to see his name in the credits of `` The Protector , '' which he presents to American audiences .
`` Protector '' is just awful outside of the martial-arts scenes , and even the fights do n't showcase Jaa 's immense talent to full effect .
The Protector is the kind of film that goes beyond cinema straight to spectacle .
Tony Jaa is a bad mother **** er .
At least four stars ' worth of guilty pleasure , and maybe more .
The editing is wildly haphazard , the story continuity is a mess , and some of the photography is just terrible , but I 'll be darned if the movie is n't fun .
These early fights , as goofy and inventive as they are , build up our goodwill toward Jaa , -LSB- but -RSB- the limb-breaking , tendon-severing finale dispels it .
After Ong-Bak and The Protector , Jaa has proven without a shadow of doubt that he is the real deal . Now I want to see him in a real movie , not just a showcase . This movie is a mess , but you ignore it because Jaa is so mesmerizing .
When the fight scenes , choreographed by Jaa himself , kick in , boy howdy .
Sadly , the production values do n't do Jaa any favors
The film suffers from choppiness and pacing ... yet , Pinkaew delivers some terrific action set pieces studded with visual puns and the incredibility physicality of ... Tony Jaa .
When you 've got a male lead who can break heads like Tony Jaa , a little bit of story line goes a long way .
As a breathtaking follow-up to 2003 's Ong-Bak : Thai Warrior , it 's a whole lotta fun .
A furiously choreographed martial-arts spectacle wrapped in a fumbling narrative .
... it 's little more than a disjointed succession of kick-ass action scenes motivated by a country bumpkin 's quest to rescue his giant pets from big-city baddies .
... include -LSB- s -RSB- some incredible sequences of precision-engineered ultraviolence ...
Listen , I ca n't in good conscience recommend this thing . Even as a guilty pleasure , the acting and story or so bad even Uwe Boll would be embarrassed to have them on display in one of his misbegotten features .
The Protector is a bad film with a great star and some truly amazing action sequences . The movie is lackluster mainly because the Weinstein Co. and ` presenter ' Quentin Tarantino have taken a Thai film and trimmed it from 109 minutes to about 80 .
The Protector -LRB- aka Tom yum goong -RRB- is on a par with most Jackie Chan films , but without the off-the-cuff humor that makes Chan 's films so appealing .
Fun , violent , and featuring some great scenes of lumbering elephants , it is n't art , it is n't particularly skillful craft -LRB- outside of the fight scenes and RZA 's aural contributions -RRB- , but it 's an awfully good time .
The star of Ong Bak is back for more revenge in The Protector , a poorly plotted variation of Ong Bak 's ` You stole my village idol ! ' chopsocky chase picture .
The Protector is ridiculously fun to watch .
All in all , it 's a disappointing follow-up to Jaa 's 2003 breakthrough , Ong-Bak : The Thai Warrior . He reteams with co-star Phetthai Wongkhamlao and director Prachya Pinkaew to diminishing returns .
A provincial Thai warrior rampages through Australia busting skulls and shouting ` You stole my elephants ! ' in this infectious b-movie smack down .
This ludicrous Quentin Tarantino-chosen low-budget movie features choppy editing and an amateurish script , and it switches strangely back and forth between dubbing and subtitles .
An earnest -- if bone-crunching -- ode to Thai culture .
A welcome throwback to the ways of old-school kung fu movies , The Protector does n't hold up to scrutiny if you 're looking for a coherent story or powerhouse acting .
Tony Jaa may have impressed in Ong Bak , but unlike idols Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan , he has yet to establish a compelling screen personality .
The Protector is a good followup to Ong-bak in introducing Tony Jaa to American action audiences . Perhaps next time we 'll actually get to see the film he made .
The resulting fights range from choppy , grainy garbage to a truly spectacular centerpiece .
With obvious international marketing pressure to make his next movie , y' know , a little less Thai , director Prachya Pinkaew has followed up his brilliant Ong Bak with an ineptly edited , badly scripted and atrociously dubbed pudding .
Director Prachya Pinkaew , armed with a bigger budget -LRB- than Ong Bak -RRB- and facing a whole new potential audience , recycles his old plot with strategic variations , and -- big surprise -- the movie does n't feel nearly as fresh as its predecessor .
The Protector is badly re-edited and rescored , only marginally better in the photography department and features a jarring partial English dub .
Plenty of punches get thrown in The Protector , but most left me numb .
The elephants featured in The Protector have more personality than the star , which is a real problem .
Jaa is energetic and inventive as he climbs walls and performs backflips ; Pinkaew directs like a video game creator , and together the two of them could n't care less about plot .
A wearying spectacle of unpleasant crunching sound effects -LRB- enough to put us off soft shell crabs for years -RRB- , bad editing , hideous cinematography and spectacularly confused plotting .
This is one of those movies where guys literally stand in line , waiting to get beaten up .
Despite another routine mangling at the hands of the Weinstein brothers , there 's enough of Jaa 's and -LSB- director -RSB- Pinkaew 's dazzling artistry still intact to make this one of the most rewarding action films of the year .
Tony Jaa is an expert Muay Thai fighter and trained stuntman who , like Bruce Lee , never appears to inflict the same injury twice . When he sails into a room , as if by slingshot , your blood pressure rises .
While the story does n't really hold up throughout the film , the action sequences are some of the best I 've seen .
No one can do that cool running knee drop like Tony Jaa , but he 'd better start flexing his smiling muscles more if he wants to be the next Jackie Chan . All the bone crunching makes Steven Seagal look like a restrained kitty .
The moral of this story is if you steal a kung-fu master 's elephants , you WILL have your legs broken . Period .
You 're going to The Protector for the skull fractures and sky-high knees to the groin . And if this is all you 're after , your mind may be black and blue , but you 'll be all smiles by the end .
Who needs plot when you have all of this *** - kicking ?
Scene after scene is fashioned together in the most confusing -LRB- read that as meaning ` dull ' -RRB- fashion , like a 500-piece jigsaw puzzle missing half the pieces .
The downtime since Ong-Bak has left us hungry enough not to care that the plot and frequent action feel a bit recycled .
The Protector is a jaw-dropping , exhilarating action war cry rarely offered to American audiences anymore , and presents Tony Jaa as a timeless martial art icon to rival Bruce Lee .
You know you have bought a ticket to the wrong movie when star Tony Jaa confronts the bad guys , strikes a fight-ready pose and screams , ` Where are my elephants ? '
The premise is both absurd and intricate .
The ambitious staging of Jaa 's lean and long-limbed Muay Thai fight scenes makes them look impressive . There is just too little happening in between to engage a wider audience .
Amidst all the atrociously edited , laughably dubbed and poorly plotted action ... is a bravura sequence that single-handedly saves the movie .
There 's not much here for anyone who is n't a die-hard , unreconstructed chop-socky junkie .
Although true fans of old-style kung fu movies will love The Protector , the uninitiated may be put off by the movie 's slipshod editing , the waxworks acting and the confusing story .
After we 're supposed to get off on a bunch of ironmen getting their shoulder blades handed to them , what 's next ? Snuff films ?
You 'll be exhausted when it 's over , but harbor a lingering sense of vicarious accomplishment .
This is one wicked-ass cool movie , a last blast of summertime action insanity before the pretentious dramas of autumn arrive .
This guilty-pleasure adrenaline rush has one goal in mind : to be an airtight action machine that leaves you dizzy from the crunchety-crunch-crunch of Tony Jaa as he proves himself a contender with Jackie Chan and Jet Li .
So muddled as to be virtually incoherent ... but the chases and fight scenes are the raison d'etre of The Protector , and in purely athletic terms they 're great .
The Protector is a disaster , barely made viewable by Tony Jaa 's incredible physical abilities , often trapped inside sh *** y fight choreography anyway .
The Protector is n't a sequel to Ong-Bak : The Thai Warrior but it is a thinly disguised retread .
There 's plenty to enjoy about this silly thriller -- from the sumptuous Thai landscapes to the frenetic fight scenes .
PETA may have a field day with this one , but few others will .
Thankfully , the bits that matter most -- the dust-ups -- are superb .
As you watch Jaa 's mastery of his art , you 'll have to master the art of laughing while your jaw 's hanging off your head in disbelief . You 've never seen anything like it.it .
At 109 minutes , the film is around 20 minutes too long , particularly as the fights start to become repetitive before the end , as if they just ran out of ideas .
Very silly .
Pure , dazzling , entertainment .
It 's like a mixture of Fist of Fury and Dumbo , with a small side order of 1960s children 's TV show Daktari .



@highlight

Despite some impressive fight scenes , this trimmed-down version of the Thai action pic is an off-putting mix of scant plot , choppy editing , and confusing subtitles and dubbing .