There 's something classic about In the Heart of the Sea , a rollicking , true-ish tale of adventure from director Ron Howard .
At least Chris Hemsworth is great
I loved the story -- a proper old-fashioned seafaring yarn .
It 's too bad-in the right , Herzogian hands , this could have been one of the great Man vs. Nature epics in cinema . Instead it 's a boring , lame Moby Dick spin-off .
Director Ron Howard tries to cram in too much material , resulting in bite-sized exposition .
There are moments that drag like a fouled anchor , when Howard 's Hollywood sensibility gets a little schmaltzy-swelling music , philosophical points driven home with harpoon-like subtlety , and a bracketing story that interrupts more often than it informs
I was pretty satisfied by the movie . Unfortunately , most theater-goers will probably be left wanting more .
It is a magnificent , treacherous look into the past of the relationship between man and beast .
In the Heart of the Sea is an all-around disappointment . The film suffers from poor direction , an unfocused narrative , and some very underdeveloped characters .
In the Heart of the Sea loses the human intimacy that makes this epic what it is , the resulting movie is nothing more than an empty voyage to nowhere that sinks far more often than it swims .
There 's a lot of good actors in this movie , but they 're given so little to do besides run around and shout in the midst of splashing waves .
Apologies for the fishing analogy , but this is Oscar bait par excellence .
In the Heart of the Sea is a big , top-notch adventure story with nothing to say , if that floats your perennial boat .
It 's sturdy , watchable , competently mounted , of course -- Howard is nothing if not a pro -- but except for the visuals , which can be quite stunning , it never roused me .
It 's not a monster-versus-man situation here , but a depiction of how a good chunk of human history was formed by men doing their darnedest to harvest energy from nature , to serve the needs of civilization and make a living for themselves .
Howard sets sail with a screenplay lacking a compass and runs aground soon after .
Alas , In the Heart of the Sea is certainly ambitious , but it never quite reaches its full potential .
The monomania that drives men to their demise , as in Moby-Dick , is touched upon here though not pursued to its darkest inevitability , and yet that does n't stop the Ron Howard 's film from being a lively , well-oiled seafaring entertainment .
In the Heart of the Sea works as a survival drama , a rip-roaring adventure and even a monster movie , but what it really accomplishes , like Interstellar , is to remind us that once upon a time , humanity was unflinching in its thirst for discovery .
`` In The Heart Of The Sea '' is so flat it could be used to level a table .
The story is stolid at times , but the dynamic shots of the crew working the rigging and maintaining the boat look accurate and keep everything lively .
With action that varies between middling and tedious , the only winner in Hemsworth holding a harpoon aloft and starving for this Behind-the-Music tale is Hemsworth himself .
Exciting at times , but seemingly overly ambitious on others , it 's not a complete waste of time , but it 's hard not to expect more from such rich material in the hands of a filmmaker like Ron Howard .
The film 's most affecting scenes -LRB- are of -RRB- Herman Melville interviewing a survivor of the wreck.They sit in a small living room , huddled as close as the survivors in a lifeboat - and as bound by the story of the Essex as was its ill-fated crew .
There 's hardly a genuine moment , and a framing device only adds another layer of dramatization to something that already plays like a big-budget History Channel re-enactment .
Ron Howard 's In the Heart of the Sea is a beautifully-made film that features stunning visual effects , but it 's ultimately let down by a bland screenplay that 's unable to bring out the exciting and epic nature of the story .
The screenplay goes around in circles without creating an enriching experience , the characters have no arc , and what few moments could have been dramatic end up boring and full of cliches . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Lacks in base thrills , devoid of human drama , and frustratingly crafted to wash away any inherent interest that might somehow have slipped through unmolested .
The whale moments are great , but outside of them , the film uses too much unnecessary CGI , which takes away a lot of the film 's more real moments .
Visually the film is great , but the premise is forgettable and does n't offer much . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The images here lash and last ; the story creaks and groans . Anthony Dod Mantle 's cinematography is brilliant ; it 's as if we 're looking back at this past through a water-sloshed spyglass , darkly . The simpler story 's too rote and modern , though .
... a clumsy behemoth , inspiring a kind of dull awe at all the resources mounted for its realization .
In The Heart of Sea show us the mastery of narrative Ron Howard has achieved through the real story that inspired Moby Dick . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You 'll be better off re-reading Moby-Dick than watching this soggy adaptation of the source material
Unfortunately , the film 's script ... is far too creaky to make the most of the men 's run-ins , while the all too obviously fake computer-generated effects suck the tension out of the showdowns between ship and beast .
The story of the ship at the mercy of the great white whale , told with amazing special effects , grandiloquence , and some common places . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has the basis of the whole tradition of sea adventure films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the Heart of the Sea is a technical marvel , demonstrating that Howard is still a master of making movies look and sound stunning . Unfortunately , the screenplay was lost at sea .
The film delves into issues that discards little too fast or invents too late . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Howard 's film is predictable , yet that 's not to say it 's not enjoyable . If you can get past Hemsworth 's mish-mash of an accent -LRB- part New England local , part booming Thunder God -RRB- , there are plenty of impressive turns to be seen .
A host of pictorially arresting , even painterly images ca n't make a satisfying whole out of In the Heart of the Sea , Ron Howard 's film that does n't dig very deep , its penetrating title notwitstanding .
A flat sea shanty .
This is dreary stuff .
The huge , whale-sized problem is that Howard ca n't decide if this is dark , adult fare or a rollicking tale of derring-do .
A beautifully crafted yarn that places you right on the rolling decks of the whaling ship Essex as it sails into very stormy waters and encounters a nemesis in the form of a monster-sized sperm whale .
While In the Heart of the Sea has the potential to impress , it remains a flawed vessel which struggles to rise above its theatrical artifice .
The acting in the film is solid , as is the cinematography . The scenes of the whalers fighting the white whale are spectacular , the best I 've seen in this kind of movie . It is a solid , interesting story , well told by director Ron Howard .
It 's the superbly marshalled action sequences - the watery beast is superbly rendered and sea-sickness will be an unwelcome affliction for some viewers - that the film will be remembered for ...
For all the special effects and half-starved A-listers , this is a sodden beast . Perhaps there 's a reason that Melville only told half the story .
In the Heart of the Sea becomes a much better film when nobody is talking - or when everybody is yelling at once .
Howard seems caught in some no-man 's land between the poetic force of Melville 's novel and the discursive academic approach of Philbrick .
It 's a Hollywood movie in the best sense , unsparing with spectacle , a-roar with conviction and cast , if not with superstars , then with voices and faces that become indelible .
Director Ron Howard - who is usually a safe pair of hands - steers this ship into choppy waters , apparently unclear on where he wants the story to go .
It is a story rich with action and tragedy . As a movie , unfortunately , it is leaden and dispiriting to the point where I was wondering what went wrong .
Add Ron Howard 's scaly sea adventure to this season 's unusually large pile of cinematic chum .
What remains is an opportunity for an intense , Jaws-like thalassophobic nightmare , squandered .
In the Heart of the Sea is watchable enough . It just does n't harpoon us the way its maker intended .
With a huge budget and a relatively small story , this is an intriguingly offbeat blockbuster that might struggle to find an audience .
Hemsworth 's First Mate is bland . It 's largely immaterial , as individuals are hard to pick out amid endless water-tank panic and eventual shipwreck .
Ron Howard 's latest is grim but see-worthy .
This is a film deserving of an audience , even if it 's far from flawless .
It 's Jaws : The Revenge meets Cast Away with a stupid looking CGI whale .
Howard is a director who believes in strong , primary-colour storytelling , with plenty of uncomplicated emotion . Yet this story is oddly more subtle than you might think ...
Ron Howard 's adaptation of Philbrick 's book is just sort of there - a floppy , limp drama that only occasionally rouses itself to the sort of intensity Philbrick describes .
The dialogue is dull , and the visuals are so slathered with mediocre CGI that they feel thoroughly phony .
The vintage grotesquerie of the regular old whaling process turns out to be more disturbing than the dark adventures that are In the Heart of the Sea 's reason for being .
Full of effects and acrobatic camerawork and impressive performances , the story 's abiding interest in making money is a given . But its preemptive critique of that interest and the crass expectations and processes buoying it is superficial at best .
... filled with tension , fine acting , and eye-popping cinematography ... Even better , though , it captures the brutality of whaling , that still goes on today courtesy of the cold-hearted Japanese ... While watching this movie , I was rooting for the whale .
The fast-paced editing adds to the confusing nature of some scenes . It 's tough to work out what the actors are doing and why they 're doing it .
In the Heart of the Sea is a movie with an identity problem . It 's also a movie with an acting problem , a staging problem , a plot problem , a handful of FX problems and a narrative framework problem .
The film 's visuals are n't its only problem -- just the most noticeable . The screenplay is a messy hodge-podge that ca n't decide what kind of story it wants to tell or where its dramatic weight rests .
Despite featuring an incredible true story , Ron Howard 's latest drama lacks the characters and the insight to truly stand out .
Excellent special effects , but very average entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A floundering , waterlogged survival saga ...
It is undeniable that In the Heart of the Sea is all blubber with no elegance or charm .
Warner Bros. would have been better off sticking with the film 's original March release date and selling it as a horror movie .
If you want a Ron Howard movie about a man obsessed with a creature from the deep , `` In the Heart of the Sea , '' sadly , is not the place to start . Try `` Splash . ''
A harrowing sea-faring adventure of a great white whale who refuses to become the victim of the oil business .
Director Ron Howard has created a maritime redux of his other explorers ' epic , Apollo 13 ; both of the films are about men at the mercy of technologies that help them traverse dangerous places .
A whale of a time -LRB- when the whale 's in it -RRB- .
But nowhere here will you find the insights into obsession and humanity that made Melville 's book a classic . The movie does n't know Dick .
If you do n't compare it to the Moby Dick novel , the film is not that bad as a man 's survival in nature picture .
Sociopolitical commentary is the least of the ingredients in this great Cetacean adventure-burrito , encased in melted Howardesque cheese .
If it 's indeed true that this cannibal-laced tale of survival was the catalyst for Herman Melville to write `` Moby-Dick , '' you 'd think you 'd find a bit more meat on the bones .
This notion of an oceanic animal acting like an avenging angel places this picture in the same class with such landmarks of cinema as 1977 's Orca and 1987 's Jaws : The Revenge .
It is all too brief an affair , one that chooses to quickly bounce from one element to the next , barely skimming the surface before it has to move on .
If a silent whale is your most magnetic screen presence , he should probably appear for more than a few minutes .
... despite some harrowing encounters with storms and creatures , it ultimately feels waterlogged .
This tale , which should be expansive and grand , is hijacked by the demands of the 3D process , making it small and crowded , myopically claustrophobic and deeply murky .
Wo n't threaten the man from Nantucket remaining the city 's greatest claim to fame .
It 's a grand yarn , one that director Ron Howard shrinks into a too-tidy fairy tale complete with winking bookends and easy questions of morality .
Call me indifferent .
The structure puts the climactic action in the middle of the movie . Nothing that follows can live up to that raggedy bull cracking the `` Essex '' like a nut .
As a big screen viewing experience based on one of America 's most evocative myths , In the Heart of the Sea is a surprisingly forgettable adaptation .
Excellent cast and overwhelming special effects are provided aplenty , however ...
`` From Hell 's heart I stab at thee , '' Captain Ahab cries in Moby-Dick ... Heart of the Sea never expresses anything so strongly . `` From a purgatory of apathy , I grumble at thee '' is n't much of a epitaph , but it 's about what Howard 's film can muster .
There 's a hollow at the heart of things , a strange decency and politeness for a film that strives to depict , in epic form , man 's dark and visceral struggle with the world and himself .
In the Heart of the Sea is neither history nor myth but a hokey , unworkable Hollywood mix of the two .
If the movie accomplishes nothing else , though , I hope it inspires the curious to actually sit down and finally read Moby-Dick .
Most of the second half is spent drifting with them on lifeboats . In these interminable minutes , we do n't get anything resembling an understanding of how they survived -LRB- or did n't -RRB- either mentally or physically .
Left without a heart of its own , this Sea flounders .
It is n't a bad movie . It just does n't do anything particularly well . Which makes it a whale of a disappointment .
A few scenes in In the Heart of the Sea hint at how effective the film might have been if told purely as a gripping story of man versus nature .
Overall , it 's a dramatic and harrowing tale , and Howard packs in enough impressive visuals to justify a big-screen IMAX experience .
` In the Heart of the Sea ' is a solid adventure that fails to reach the heroic heights it aims for . The film 's uneven pace , at times , keeps you at arm 's length , while it moves toward reconciling its two plotlines .
Riveting historical story has great action but uneven drama .
... A thoroughly predictable saga that never quite engages the audience like it should .
The meat-and-potatoes Howard is uncomfortable in the realm of the spirit , or the metaphysical . He can film objects , and he can film people , but he ca n't quite film emptiness . The cosmic vastness of the sea eludes him .
At any rate , this is a movie that winds up on the positive side of the ledger thanks primarily to the action sequences and the competency behind the camera .
It 's not a good sign when you care more about the characters in the framing device than the guys fending off the whale attacks .
The shadow of the whale and of the Great American Novel loom large over a weak screenplay and some stock seafaring characters .
Melville turned this story into a great American classic , but Howard 's set it adrift .
Long before the end credits rolled , somewhere I could hear the refrain `` Show me the way to go home . I 'm tired and I want to go to bed . '' -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Sex , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Whenever the movie cuts away to Melville and Nickerson , we keep wanting to get back to sea , to the listing ship and the terrified sailors . And of course the whale .
The blandest , bleakest and most depressing movie of the holiday season , so Merry Christmas !
In the Heart of the Sea is a massively disappointing effort from Ron Howard that is so dull , flat , and lifeless that it feels like a missed opportunity for both the cast and the special effects . The film resorts to riding the wave of mediocrity .
At the heart of the problem with this period piece is an absence of a riveting scene or a memorable slice of dialogue .
A lumbering sea adventure that never finds its bearings , Ron Howard 's `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is a whale of a dud .
It 's shrewd filmmaking - Howard understands he 's showing these grisly images to a modern audience that will recoil , but he also manages to convey the justifiable excitement these men must have felt to accomplish a job so dangerous .
It is so very many different things , but they all feel detached from each other , almost like a bunch of self-contained mini-movies stitched end-to-end , with the framing device serving as needle and thread .
While it has its stunning visuals and exceptional sequences , and is , if you 'll pardon me , a whale of a tale , it simply does not succeed at getting at the heart of its own story .
-LSB- V -RSB- isually spectacular ... dramatic , engrossing , and terrific to behold on a big screen . It 's lush , adventurous , -LSB- and -RSB- frighteningly realistic storytelling ...
Ron Howard 's latest film is n't epic . It 's not even particularly compelling .
An uneven attempt to give the real story the mythic force of Melville 's tale .
Howard charts a dramatic course through a sea of emotional whirlpools , tidal waves of stunning special effects and a steady current provided by the narration .
At the heart of In the Heart of the Sea is Moby Dick . It bored me as a book , as movies , TV shows and in some cartoons , and now Ron Howard has done the same thing .
A grand , deep sea epic with visuals so impressive they may leave audiences waterlogged .
Howard creates an immersive , gorgeously shot experience pitting man against beast in the ocean for the film 's most spectacular scenes , which are reminiscent of old-school scope of Mutiny on the Bounty and other watery adventures of yesteryear .
All the accents in this movie sound as if the actors had been coached to talk like Red Sox fans magically transported to the 1820s .
Visually and viscerally , the film provides reasons to pay the price of admission and see it in a theater .
The biggest mistake here ... is a misbegotten decorousness that sinks the movie , stoving it as calamitously as an enraged whale .
The Essex becomes a stand-in for humanity 's relationship with vengeful God and it 's too much for the film to handle , especially when it relies so much on the author himself to give it significance . Leave that to Moby-Dick .
In the Heart of the Sea is a solid survival adventure story that never goes much beyond that .
It has no thrills . No sense of real danger . No sense of loss at the deaths of the crewmen . It 's as if Howard thought the sight of CGI whales leaping into the air would be sufficiently dramatic to carry the story .
It is mounted as a handsome period piece in period style , except for the modern special effects to make the close-ups of the whale look real . But it is also a bridge to modern thinking and a desperately thrilling adventure story .
Even a good yarn needs to be well-knit .
Alternately awesome and wooden .
Ron Howard 's grand maritime adventure has spectacular effects , literary polish and just the right touch of modern-day relevance .
Sorry to beat a dead whale , since `` In the Heart of the Sea '' clearly lacks whatever it takes to engage a contemporary audience , but what were they thinking when they put such a ponderous picture into production ?
While the first half is full of boat and whale adventures , the movie 's second half is just a group of shipwrecked men slowly starving to death . It 's boring .
Jaws meets Lifeboat , with an assist from Herman Melville .
`` In the Heart of the Sea '' could have worked . But director Ron Howard tries too hard in some places and not enough in others .
I wish Howard 's film had more of a distinct personality and drive behind it ; Howard 's made some supremely enjoyable films , in various keys , but this waterlogged , effects-crazed picture is n't one of them .
This whale tale does n't blow , but it does sniffle a bit too much .
The most compelling onscreen presence is the whale - who , unlike the rest of the cast , is spared the wooden dialogue .
How do you turn the story of a giant murderous whale into something disappointing and forgettable ? You hire Ron Howard , that 's how .
Sure it 's old-school . So what . Howard puts every computerized whale trick in the book into crafting a seafaring adventure to rock your boat .
Distinctly uninspired ... handsomely mounted and shot but ponderously earnest , dramatically inert and remarkably dull .
Moby-Dick was a story of fever and obsession . Ron Howard is interested in something more cynically modern : corporate greed .
Ron Howard leaves no trace of any artistic personality on the movies he makes .
Impressively crafted although it lacks star power from the ultimately bland leads .
Director Howard , his actors , and indeed the entire salty sweep of the film are all aided tremendously by visual-effects supervisor Jody Johnson and his team 's spectacular combination of live action and flawless , awe-inspiring CGI creations .
It is a cinematic shipwreck of epic scale . A flotilla of failure . It stinks as it sinks .
We never doubt the enormity or ferocity of the beast , nor the trials of the men who unwisely went hunting for it . We just do n't live and die by the outcome .
Director Ron Howard and writer Charles Leavitt -LRB- who adapted Nathaniel Philbrick 's book -RRB- do n't plumb the psychology of their characters ... After a brief preliminary on land , they sail into the Sea of Tedium and stay there .
In the Heart of the Sea is everything you might expect and a little bit less . It 's solid if rarely spectacular , engaging if rarely engrossing .
A predictable disaster-at-sea story that follows the pattern of all disaster-at-sea stories , with guys floating in still water , under a hot sun , getting so hungry that they start looking at each other with a funny expression .
If In The Heart Of The Sea has its share of clunks and groans , it also looks suspiciously like bona fide big-screen art .
It 's a harrowing tale that still packs an entertaining wallop . But any attempt at character development seems to have ended on an editing-room table .
In the Heart of the Sea is an instantly forgettable movie that completely wastes the talents of Howard and his cast .
That the feature is downbeat and periodically meandering is n't really a problem . The real confusion is why Howard felt the need to tell this story in the first place .
In the Heart of the Sea is a savage story of survival encased in Ron Howard amber - the gooey , dull coating of self-importance and respectability that typifies most of the pictures he has directed .
Although the film desperately strives to achieve the salt-stained realism of , say , Peter Weir 's 2003 beautifully rough-hewn epic , Master & Commander : The Far Side of the World , In the Heart of the Sea falls far short of such lofty goals .
Yarr , it blows .
There is something curiously flat about Ron Howard 's recounting of the final voyage of the ill-fated , 19th-century whale ship the Essex .
The film somehow finds a way to suck all signs of life , personality and suspense out of its harrowing subject matter .
There are a couple of thrilling set pieces featuring giant CGI whales , but most of the story is dull and plodding , with minimal character development .
a sumptuous film ... with clever social commentary about the venal nature of the oil business then and now , as well as the peculiar workings of the class system in an early American that had fought a revolution to escape from it .
This is definitely a gripping tale that 's worth watching .
It 's a tentative , half-realized tale that ultimately suffers from a significant identity crisis .
Unusually for Howard , one of our finest old-school Hollywood craftsmen , Heart is a very meta account , constantly reassuring and validating itself .
As adventure , it 's fair to average . As metaphysical inquiry , it has more to give , partly because Gleeson brings such dignity and sadness to the now decrepit and whisky-soaked Nickerson . It 's hardly enough to save the film but it is enough to savour .
The film 's unconvincing cinematography and special effects happily condemn this one to the depths of Davy Jones ' Locker .
There 's all sorts of splashing and sloshing and spearing and shouting of ultra-polite commands -- everyone , no matter how much they hate each other , unfailingly uses the honorific `` Mister '' -- but nothing clicks .
The movie 's constant reminders -- this story inspired Moby-Dick ! -- only emphasize that while Melville 's novel charts hauntingly deep philosophical and psychological waters , In the Heart of the Sea navigates a shallow , if entertaining , pool .
An immersive experience but shows little grasp of the human element .
Solid , old-school man-versus-nature adventure melodrama , with a simmering green awareness ; rollicking , smart , breathtaking , and sobering .
Sure , Hemsworth looks great , and the whale 's attacks are genuinely exciting . And some of the everyday details of life at sea are fascinating , too , if disgusting . But sorry , maties , but this is the one that got away .
As handsomely constructed as the wooden vessel on which it 's largely set , yet dramatically choppy as the ocean its protagonists set out to conquer , In the Heart of the Sea feels like the most workmanlike adaptation of its ambitious story possible .
An intense thriller that questions the moral actions of men when all hope is lost . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It touches upon our inability to fight against nature and reflects upon humanity 's demons . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Howard does a great job of making his cetacean protagonist fluid , powerful and frightening . Almost as impressive , he avoids making it seem too villainous or , conversely , too sympathetic .
The narrative is helplessly adrift , a yarn that extols vague grit and determination with no discernible through line .
The dramatic scenes are a touch overcooked , and there are moments when it feels like a particularly high-end school play , with everyone shouting `` Avast ! '' and `` Ahoy ! '' like they really mean it . The action , though , is consistently impressive .
In the Heart Of Sea is a film you ca n't miss . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It lacks all the social symbolism that make the novel such a classic , becoming a simple special effects driven story that takes itself too seriously . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting story , narrative and production wise , that boasts awe inspiring special effects . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The sequences when the whale makes an appeareance are the best parts of the film and Howard knows how to make the best out of it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Has whale attacks and sinking ships and men chowing down on men , but those are mere attention-nabbing distractions - especially compared to `` Moby-Dick '' 's despairing look at blind obsession and recklessness .
I suggest you check out In the Heart of the Sea over the next seven days before The Force Awakens steals every IMAX , PLF , 4DX , D-Box , warehouse , farmhouse , henhouse , outhouse and doghouse in your area .
Much like `` Rush , '' `` In the Heart of the Sea '' finds director Ron Howard pushing back at the notion that he specializes in feel-good sentiment . But like many of the film 's whalers , `` Sea '' does n't make it home alive .
Sturdy , standard-sized old fashioned adventure epic . More solid than inspiring .
Depict -LSB- s -RSB- a writer 's process of scavenging and soul-stealing ... -LSB- as well as -RSB- being ` in the oil business ' to the exclusion of morality and ethics , and with implications for the ecosystem .
Ron Howard 's clunky telling of how Herman Melville researched Moby Dick is an ambitious slog .
If it 's a rollicking sea adventure you 're after , it 's hard to beat Ron Howard 's wave-riding jaunt across the ocean ... Howard keeps at bay any retro-fitted enviro-friendly agenda by making the whale the type of villain who does n't know when to stop .
Howard 's film , for all of its storytelling skill , technical polish , and rousing high-seas sequences , never quite casts the spell it should .
Even if at the end it takes the opportunity to have a moral in it 's story , it does so after we see blood , death and sweat first . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The cast performs efficiently , but they are dwarfed in every way possible by Moby Dick 's inspiration .
In ` In the Heart of the Sea ' , man commits itself to an act of respect and genuine empathy through the understanding of his own weakness , and overcoming his own humanity . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The great white whale itself is an imposing creation , but Howard 's skills as a storyteller -- evident in some of his earlier work -- seem muted here , and the result is a turgid slog rather than a stirring adventure .
What the film lacks in terms of Melville 's thunderous exposition of human frailty and obsession it makes up for in rollicking entertainment .
Those hoping to see an updated big screen version of Melville 's Moby Dick are likely to be left wanting something more significant .
Ron Howard has essentially thrown a gauntlet back in time and said , ` Mr. Melville , I can do better . ' Needless to say , he has not done better ; not one jot , not one tittle .
It plays everything pretty safe , but through the direction of Ron Howard it still elevates itself to be a very enjoyable adventure epic with a nice twist on a well-known tale .
On a purely technical level this is the worst made Hollywood movie in recent memory , astonishingly amateurish for such an accomplished director .
An intense drama with a couple of moments where the actions just drifts away . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not a bad movie , but it had so much more potential . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Visual grandeur is nice , but means little in the end when a safe story never rocks the boat . ''
While there is n't as much action as the commercials let on , In The Heart Of The Sea trades shallow thrills for an in-depth look into survival at all costs .
Howard 's story is too wide , too sweeping . The characters are mere sketches , and never seem as real as the sea-spray .
Who cares anymore about the sea , or sailors , or whales who decide , with an almost biblical vengeance , that it 's payback time ? Howard cares , and his movie , flawed as it is , is so unfashionable that it 's almost gallant .
A well-paced tale that is breathtakingly rapid when it needs to be , and excruciatingly slow-burning at times .
The film has its sea legs , but ca n't seem to find its land legs .
After two dreary hours of this , In the Heart of the Sea finally hits dry land and collapses in a state of complete exhaustion .
In the Heart of the Sea is a straightforward recount of the story that inspired Moby-Dick , embroidered by Howard 's eye for romantic composition and anchored by a surprisingly affecting expository turn from Brendan Gleeson .
Masterful filmmaker Ron Howard conducts his team in a symphonic , even operatic telling of a terrifying sea drama that is filled with so many aspects of human experience that we ca n't count them
It satisfies mostly on an intellectual level , although I would have liked to be emotionally swept overboard - metaphorically speaking
Something less than a whale of a tale .
A pedestrian retelling of a harrowing real-life survival story that served as one of the key inspirations for `` Moby-Dick . ''
Hemsworth , botched New England accent and all , is a movie star , and this is movie star material .
Some stirring , old-fashioned spectacle helps lift this Moby Dick origins story from what might otherwise have been a watery grave .
Melville 's American-lit epic Moby Dick has been adapted for the screen a gazillion times -LRB- approximately -RRB- , so kudos to Ron Howard for taking a slightly different approach , even if it never quite matches the resonance of Ahab 's epic quest .
Lovers of spectacle for spectacle 's sake will come away from the film with sequences to admire , but there 's not enough human element to bridge them together . In terms of lasting power , it roars in like a great tide , but then just as quickly dissipates .
An engrossing film of magnificent visual and sound , yet little in the way of heart and spirit .

@highlight

The admirably old-fashioned In the Heart of the Sea boasts thoughtful storytelling to match its visual panache , even if it ca n't claim the depth or epic sweep to which it so clearly aspires .