Beyond the Sea ranks among the worst films of its sub-subgenre because its director/star only seems interested in making the film to exploit his remarkable physical resemblance to the title character .
Spacey does n't pass as Darin , and everything else is flat .
More than 10-years in the making , the movie is a labor of love from Kevin Spacey , and Kate Bosworth is superb as Darin 's charming wife Sandra Dee .
A two hour shoulder shrugger for those too young to even know who Bobby Darin is , and what all this fuss is about .
There is no doubt that Spacey does a great job of portraying the entertainer , but he 's so wrapped up in this project that he fails to see that it 's become a collection of musical numbers without any real heart .
Many people under 40 may not even remember Bobby Darin , let alone know about his remarkable life story . Beyond the Sea may rectify that problem and stand as a wonderful tribute to an amazing talent who left us all too soon .
Kevin Spacey 's dedication is clear , both in his performance as Darin and in his wonderful direction
Primarily a showcase for the considerable talents of Kevin Spacey -LSB- who -RSB- is worth the price of a ticket , but the film 's structure gets in the way .
holds nothing back . When it 's time for this admittedly offbeat biography to swing , the exuberance of its director-star washes away a lot of reservations .
Gimmicky recounting of the crooner 's life .
Serious moments have softened edges , the film rarely feels heavy . Always interesting and entertaining , but never especially deep and certainly not dark .
It brings little to the usual biopic formula of success followed by ego followed by breakdown , beyond general professionalism .
A showy , energetic little soap opera whose best moments come when Spacey plays it straight .
... this is a film that might -- like Coppola 's One From the Heart -- develop something of a cult following
Kevin Spacey has made a passionless one-man show about the wrong man . It 's a showcase for the star-director 's pipes , no doubt , but also his pretensions .
Much like basking in front of your own image , Spacey 's Beyond the Sea is a vanity project , albeit one with some interesting layers surrounding it .
This is the anti-blockbuster , the slow-burning film that tries to be as cool as the man it 's about ...
The musical and dance numbers in the film are excellent . The story is compelling .
Beyond the Sea is a mishmash that 's interesting only as a document of Spacey 's obsessions .
Much more ` Splish ' than ` Splash . '
given the choice , I 'll take Spacey 's hilarious , spot-on impression of Christopher Walken over Bobby Darin any day
A vastly entertaining vehicle that showcases Spacey 's talents as a song-and-dance man as much as it explains Darin 's life .
Spacey the actor bails out Spacey the director . He 's been talking about his abiding love of Darin for quite some time , and he nails Darin in look , deed and buttery croon , making up for many of the film 's structural deficiencies .
A flawed movie featuring an impressive lead performance .
An unbalanced and overly-complimentary look at Bobby Darin .
By the time Spacey and his movie mini-me are soft-shoeing in the finale , you 'll wonder if your popcorn has been sprinkled with something stronger than artificial flavoring .
` A film that celebrates a great talent taken away too soon , Beyond the Sea is sure to set your toes tapping . '
Darin 's life is just a jumping-off point for The Kevin Spacey Show , which would probably stink like hubris were Spacey not such a dazzling , enthusiastic performer .
Despite all the buoyant , high-stepping energy , Spacey 's gushing biopic sinks into his own grandiosity .
The film just does n't swing , despite Spacey 's clear showmanship .
... one of those labors of love that reminds you love is blind .
It 's a monstrous guilty pleasure for people who want to see a whole movie just like the asparagus scene in American Beauty .
' ... an intriguing visual style akin to a multi-car pile-up involving All That Jazz , Funny Girl and Moulin Rouge . '
Ultimately works as flattering homage .
-LSB- T -RSB- akes a lot -LSB- of -RSB- risks , and if it does n't always succeed in pulling them off , it still earns high marks for experimenting with the standard biopic format .
Spacey serves as actor , writer , director and producer -- and probably caterer , key grip and best boy , if we search the credits hard enough -- on this misguided vanity project .
Not so much a biopic as a performance art project ...
When you compare Spacey 's versions to the original music , Spacey clearly adds a spark and sizzle to the tunes that was missing from the original .
This is not a great achievement by any means , but the director 's consistent display of enthusiasm allows it to stay afloat long enough to get its point across .
Mack the Butter Knife
One of the most genuine tributes ever offered by one artist to another .
Spacey 's wretched , agonizing , tone-deaf version of the Darin story .
When I look at Spacey in this film , I see Kevin Spacey , not Darin . This leaps out even more this winter because when I look at Jamie Foxx , I see Ray Charles .
Kevin Spacey 's big-screen showbiz biography of Bobby Darin soars when it 's glam , but bores when it 's glum .
This vainglorious biopic about Bobby Darin is really about what the '60s pop singer and actor means to Kevin Spacey .
If Spacey 's age problem proves an insurmountable distraction for literalists and Darin fans , his admirers will no doubt relish the chance to watch him sing , dance and basically take over the screen for two hours .
This is one of those rare movies that 's so bad it 's good , with lavish production numbers in which Spacey sings out of sync with the voice track and dances out of sync with his own feet .
You have to hand it to Spacey . He gets by on sheer willfulness . He believes so much in his cockeyed dream that we come to believe in it , too .
Spacey may worship at the altar of Darin , but the real Bobby was beyond him .
-LSB- Spacey is -RSB- someone who is capable of producing , writing , directing , starring and doing his own singing -- and making it all work magnificently .
It is a bold experiment that collapses under the weight of its own eclecticism . And as a result , it says less about Darin than it does about Spacey .
Watching Kevin Spacey 's hilariously inept recreation of Bobby Darin 's life in Beyond the Sea brings to mind the old Neil Diamond - Laurence Olivier remake of The Jazz Singer .
In dramatic terms Beyond the Sea never rises above the level of a halfway decent made-for-TV film .
Offers little psychological insight into the man beyond his mantra -- ` I want it all . ... I want to surpass Sinatra in everything he does . '
For the most part this movie is a kick to watch , and what a crazy-cool thing for a guy with two Oscars to attempt , a salute from one wandering artist to another .
Not unpleasant to watch , but it 's another movie in which the art direction and costuming , and , of course , the soundtrack , are of more interest than the story , whatever it is .
Seems more intent on getting the musical numbers right than telling the story .
Proves Spacey knows Darin 's ambitions , egotism , controlling nature , swinging performance style , family dynamics and lifelong fear of the early death that came in 1973 -- everything , I think , except that he 's miscast as Darin 's idol .
Your standard biopic boilerplate , with a lot of self-reflexive hokum .
The one thing Spacey could n't do for Beyond the Sea was grow younger . And that 's the ` gotta-shut-your-eyes ' flaw that keeps Spacey 's Bobby Darin biopic from being a great movie , instead of just a good one .
Ostensibly a love letter to Mr. Darin , it 's more a love letter from Mr. Spacey to Mr. Spacey .
The artist formerly known as Keyser Soze reminds us with every classic high note in the titular song that we 're listening to a facsimile with a weaker range .
Beyond the Sea does n't quite have -LSB- that swing -RSB- . But it 's close .
The movie possesses genuine feeling because Spacey is there with Darin during all the steps of this journey , up and down , all the way into death .
A movie so inventive and varied in its badness that it 's almost good .
Spacey 's singing turns out to be the most plausible and appealing element of Beyond the Sea . It 's just about everything else that needed rethinking .
A movie that gets a few things absolutely right while getting quite a few other things very , very wrong indeed .
Fails to persuade us that its subject is significant enough to be worth a movie .
Jaw-droppingly awful .
The film never gives you a real sense of what drove Darin on .
In Beyond the Sea Kevin Spacey manages to achieve his life 's ambition of portraying Bobby Darin , without managing to communicate why it was his life 's ambition .
So self-indulgent and all over the place that it never truly finds its feet .
It lacks passion and joy , replacing them both with something that smells a lot like mid-life crisis .
Mr. Spacey clearly has an impassioned and intense love for this Bobby Darin biopic , and like a parent , he will be devastated by its sure failure
Falls short in many ways , from its vaudevillian-esque sensibility to the look-at-me-Ma attitude pervading every frame .
The triumphs and tragedies of Darin 's life are undercut by a playful , carny-barking tone that out-overdoes even its main character 's show-biz sensibilities .
Like a lounge revue on a second-class cruise ship .
For those who are n't Darin aficionados , the reason to see this biopic is another outstanding performance by Spacey .
The lack of any real artistic commitment on the part of its subject ultimately raises the question of why we need a film about Darin in the first place .
Spacey has crafted a vanity project of appalling proportions .
The Very Special Bobby Darin Tribute episode of The Kevin Spacey Variety Hour .
Spacey 's tinkering is perplexing , and conspires against the real reason any film about Darin should be made : to showcase Darin 's sublime natural abilities .
The film 's tortured conceit -- that a peculiarly older-than-reality Darin is making his own autobiopic , comparing memories with a kid who plays the hero as a sickly shrimp -- is its own kind of ca n't - look-away crazy .
A train wreck structurally , Beyond the Sea is a vanity project that 's more about Spacey the producer , director , star , and singer than about Bobby Darin .
A homogenized look at Darin 's complicated life that is designed , like most of Spacey 's recent films , to produce a showy ego trip for the lead actor and cheap , unearned , beyond-earnest sentiment for the unfortunate , paying customers .
The music is great and kudos to Spacey for his renditions of Bobby Darin 's many songs .
looks beneath the superficial glamour of Bobby Darin to find ... not a whole lot that would not have been in the fan magazines
What on earth could Spacey be thinking ?
Spacey 's devotion to Darin may have blinded him to the bigger picture .
The result is a glossy and emotionally unsatisfying film that plays like a series of trite vignettes strung together by adequately staged and performed musical numbers . And that 's the name of that tune .
If there is a point , Spacey never makes it clear , nor manages to fully illuminate the people in Darin 's orbit .
The awkwardness of the film 's structure and its inept theatrics diminish the real drama in Darin 's life .
Seems to be telling us a lot more about its star and director , Kevin Spacey , than its ostensible subject , Bobby Darin .
Spacey sings the songs himself , capturing Darin 's melodies and mannerisms perfectly , which makes Jamie Foxx 's heralded turn as Ray Charles seem like only half a performance .
I wish that it had used Bobby Darin 's voice , that someone more appropriate had been cast as Sandra Dee , and that Darin had been presented with at least a few warts .
The performances are all very strong , but needy characters are hard to really connect with - it 's not an overly compelling story ... but Kevin can definitely sing .
Exuberant , ambitious biopic that 's engaging and entertaining yet strangely superficial . The razzle-dazzle fizzles out .
You ca n't get much more Hollywood than a movie about a performer in which success is synonymous with quality .
a good looking production with an overblown sense of its subject
Claims its place in the pantheon of shallow , smug , sycophantic biopic disasters .
The movie is about Bobby Darin , but we do n't learn a thing about him other than he was arrogant . So , actually , the movie 's about Kevin Spacey .
The film is as smooth as Darin himself , slickly produced and well-paced , and it also happens to be stuffed with some fantastic music .
In scenes that re-create up-tempo engagements at the Copacabana and other nightspots , this heartfelt portrait comes to life .
It 's a car wreck , a sideshow . You simply have to watch , there are so many things going so terribly , terribly wrong .
Kevin Spacey 's biography of Bobby Darin is a mess , but it captures Darin 's desperation , his braggadocio and his magnetism .
Spacey does n't shy away from portraying Darin as a self-aggrandizing , self-mythologizing megalomaniac , but not only does he withhold judgment , he also withholds analysis .
Beyond the Sea is an energetic biopicture on the life and career of the cocky and irrepressible singer Bobby Darin .
Never brings Bobby Darin 's life into sharp focus , but at least gives us an appealing dose of show-biz razzle dazzle
It 's going to be very difficult for Spacey to reclaim his credibility after this fiasco .
Spacey is almost as swinging as Darin was , but his filmmaking leans toward tried-and-true formulas .
A dazzling and fearless piece of showmanship .
Directorial chutzpah is not nearly enough to save this dull and distant vanity project .
A lovely biopic about a singer who was right up there with Frank Sinatra .
Drowning in accidental subtext , it 's both queasy psychodrama and earnest ego trip , a stunt so bravely defiant of commonsense realism that it borders on the avant-garde .
Great music and a few good scenes do not a movie make .
A biopic that is all shiny surface and no substance , washing over hard details in favor of a lot of stage performances that come off surprisingly flat .
It has a great performance by Spacey and some of the best musical numbers in recent years .
It 's a nice collection of dated songs , but horribly paced and completely insubstantial as a film .
A Whitman 's Sampler of biopic clichés .
While Beyond does n't go much beyond standard biopic status , Spacey 's singing stays with you long after the credits have rolled .
A total vanity project , although in this case the vanity is mostly justified .
Embodies everything that is worst about movie musicals
A marginally successful experiment
A pathetic spectacle .
... pays tribute to the long-gone pop singer Bobby Darin in ways deeper by far than the bland hagiography that characterizes most show-world biopics .
The problem with a labor of love is that it often turns out to be more laborious than lovely .
The film winds up being more a celebration of Spacey than Darin .
A vainglorious valentine , but either act or direct . Please do n't do both .
Kevin Spacey captivated me with his terrific singing and dancing in this superb musical biopic .
Spacey writes , directs , acts , produces , and sings . Is there anything he ca n't do ? Apparently not !
This show-offy biopic of the late , great singer/songwriter Bobby Darin reveals Spacey as a shameless , slogan-reliant historical reductionist .
Although the picture is aggressively ambitious , there is n't an ounce of common sense anywhere in it .
A vain attempt not only to restore Darin 's place in history , but to improve upon it ... Colick 's underdeveloped screenplay has trouble placing Darin 's life onto a heroic scale .
Not a great film , but decent .
Spacey weaves real-life drama with musical set-pieces to create a vibrant and whimsical portrait .
Mack the Knife singer 's story never catches fire .
Doing his own singing , Spacey is a marvel .
If you 're a Darin and/or a Spacey fan , this film is a must see . It 's just that where I 'm supposed to enthusiastically applaud , I find myself sitting on my hands .
Beyond the Sea is a beautiful whirlwind musical homage to crooner Bobby Darin 's remarkable career and astonishing life ...
The production design is overdone on several levels ... If it were n't such a compelling story we would n't stick with it .
Spacey clearly has a distinct respect and affection for the memory of old-school crooner Bobby Darin , and that emotion virtually pours from the screen in buckets .
A hugely entertaining , highly empathetic portrait .














@highlight

Kevin Spacey 's bio of singer Bobby Darin is either a fearless piece of showmanship or an embarrassing vanity project , according to critics .