An unintentional parody of Sundance Hades circa 1996
`` Lonesome Jim '' is an earnest and modest ` little independent ' movie that charms by way of its understated underachieving characters .
Minimalist , moody and morose , Lonesome Jim is a minor gem .
The world would be a better place if Steve Buscemi made more movies .
Steve Buscemi 's third film as a director is a low key affair delivered with a wry sense of humour .
It 's poignant , quietly life-affirming little story that does n't need to shout . Lonesome Jim 's good company .
Though this clash of picket-fenced , down-home values and big city oafishness was handled with a little more delicacy in 2005 's superb ` Junebug ' , Buscemi 's film has lots to say about this fruitful dynamic .
Has great relevance to the lost adultolescent generation of today ... but it also flounders in its commonplace and too-familiar concept .
A depressing illustration of how even Middle America has ended up marginalized and rudderless in the wake of outsourcing , downsizing and globalization .
As the credits started to roll , I came to a pleasant and all-too-rare moviegoing realization : The smile that had crept across my face during the very first scene had never left .
Its title character is such a lifeless loser , you wish Moonstruck 's Cher was around to slap him hard and yell , ` Snap out of it ! '
`` Lonesome Jim '' is worth checking out , if nothing else for the performances and Buscemi 's idiosyncratic sense of irony .
Too many movies offer cardboard cutouts of even their primaries , but Jim delivers honest , three-dimensional portraits of each of the major players .
Manages to be bitter , dispiriting and utterly pointless all at once .
Helped by the precise details of small-town life and laughs generated by circumstances almost everyone can relate to , Lonesome Jim is gratifying because of its nearly cheerful depiction of sorrow , not in spite of it .
Fancies itself a black comedy , but there 's only one joke , and it 's that dark-cloud-over - Jim 's - head thing -- and it wears thin fast .
It all feels very slight .
... the story of Percyesque ex-suicide , a parable about how embracing childish things can be part of growing up .
Affleck plays this as a one-note turn , all dour . What a life-force like Anika would see in him is a mystery .
Affleck makes a perfectly downcast lightning rod for the ennui-ridden goings-on , and as a director , Buscemi totally gets the defeatist beats of James C. Strouse 's script .
An interesting but unsuccessful study , although viewers should be cautioned about falling victim to its malaise .
The problem is that a little of this minimalist kitchen-sink farce goes a very long way , and after a while Lonesome Jim starts to dry up .
As in ` Elizabethtown ' and ` Jersey Girl , ' the hero does n't have to do anything but exist to attract the devoted attentions of a beautiful woman , a sexist fantasy of entitlement as insidious -LRB- if unacknowledged -RRB- as that found in an old Rat Pack movie .
It keeps us rooting for him even as we ca n't stop shaking our heads and chuckling at what an absolute pill he is .
Ben Affleck 's little brother does have a likable quality , and his character eventually warms up .
Buscemi makes the most of his thin material , wringing small moments of grace from the small-town mockery .
The charm is in the quirky writing -LRB- by James C. Strouse -RRB- , offbeat acting and interesting direction by Steve Buscemi .
A slight , but amusing and occasionally touching , dark comedy about depression and dysfunction that percolates with indie film hipness .
-LRB- Casey -RRB- Affleck is adequate as the lead , although I kept wondering how much lower Buscemi could take Jim .
Casey Affleck is Jim , maybe the least starring role ever to center a movie . In this wet doughnut , he is the wide hole .
A lackluster film about a lackluster fellow , it 's so beholden to deadpan , droopy , mopey blandness that the subject and the form become one , leaving the viewer numb and indifferent .
The biggest problem Buscemi has is that his central character has , by definition , very little distinct character .
While Lonesome Jim may be clinically acute , it is by its very nature dramatically inert .
It is packed with delightfully silly vignettes that had me squirming in my seat with laughter .
The script is adroit : It does n't force the humor , and it steadily keeps track of Jim 's growing maturity .
In the end , Lonesome Jim is an enormously hopeful and , I think , realistic film .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is an intriguing portrait of near-suicidal misery ... until , ironically , it tries to lend Jim some hope ... -LSB- N -RSB- o one seems to know where to take things from there .
Buscemi 's small story of failure , depression -- and ultimately , love -- in one Indiana town rings painfully true-to-life .
Everything from the film 's washed out , grainy look to the dialogue rings false .
Sweet and darkly funny for most of its 91 minutes , it falters only in a dawdling final stretch .
Jim 's characters may grow on you after a slow setup and , like a hot plate of grits , may stick with you .
Mr. Affleck is burdened with the difficult task of making moroseness seem interesting . He does n't succeed , and neither does the movie .
-LRB- Casey -RRB- Affleck has the presence of a stump and the charisma of mold and Buscemi 's deadpan direction only enhances his absence .
Slight , deadpan , mild and understated , but enjoyable in a quiet , almost throwaway fashion .
The light , understated gallows humor often demonstrates the lack of any clear line separating the comic and the tragic .
Nothing in this well-intentioned but lifeless indie draws the hard laughter that comes from creating characters that somehow get to you .
Buscemi 's prior films -LRB- Trees Lounge , Animal Factory -RRB- displayed a keen eye for detail , and that is evident everywhere here .
Feels like a first film , but `` Jim '' is Buscemi 's third feature and because it marks a technical decline from his earlier efforts , I ca n't help but greet it with disappointment .
A wonderful little movie directed by Steve Buscemi ... -LSB- Hi -RSB- is humor flickers through the story like fairy lights on a gray and unpromising day .
Place -LSB- has -RSB- played overly chirpy , middle-class mothers/wives before , but the mom here is slowly revealed , through the subtlest changes of expression , to be much more than a caricature .
The supposed randomness takes on an artificial , movie quality -- precisely the thing that Cassavetes worked so hard to avoid .
Its mopey pace and the forced ` quirkiness ' of its characters will have you reaching for the Ambien in no time .
-LSB- Strouse -RSB- has written a forlorn and poetic story , and Buscemi has made it into a movie about taking a deep breath and deciding to stop being a mope .
There 's only so long you can watch this guy mope around without wanting to scream , ` Dude , what 's your problem ? '
Yes , it all sounds quirky like most ` back-home ' movies do , yet all of it rings true .
Lonesome Jim -- despite its excellent cast , controlled direction and moody , well-judged atmospherics -- tends to alienate us , just as Affleck 's Jim does .
Screenwriter James C. Strouse -LRB- in whose hometown the film was shot -RRB- provides so few clues to the source of Jim 's malaise , or that of his entire sad-sack family , that the movie remains rudderless and not the least bit believable .
A slice of deadly dull life .
Steve Buscemi 's a very good director .
The stellar supporting cast helps compensate , and Phil Parmet 's muddy photography is a constant visual reminder of the everyday desolation that helped drag Jim into his black hole of despair .
If viewers can just get in synch with the movie 's low energy and decidedly minor key , there are many pleasures to be had here , not the least of which is Affleck 's affecting , unadorned performance .
If Lonesome Jim feels like it 's perpetually on the verge of evaporating , Buscemi brings to the material the boundless empathy for misfits and screw-ups he displayed in Trees Lounge .
Indie moviegoers have met slackers like Jim before , but he 's still good company . The laughs are frequent while the emotions ring true .
One of those indie excursions to Loserville that lasts an hour and a half but feels longer than Roots .
The real problem is its absolute absence of energy .
Steve Buscemi paints an honest picture of working class suburbia , where living rooms are covered with shag carpets and Applebees is the best restaurant in town .
This flick is pure Schadenfreude
Focuses in on a mother-son connection , rarely explored in films , after a depressed young man returns home to Indiana to start his life over again .
Though Affleck does his best to humanize his one-note character , he 's stuck in a script by first-time screenwriter James Strouse that works in broad strokes and trite moments .
The 27-year-old protagonist of Steve Buscemi 's deadpan comedy Lonesome Jim lives out the worst nightmare of every bushy-tailed go-getter who moves to New York to Be Somebody -LRB- in his case , a writer -RRB- and fails miserably .
Affleck is simply too clean-cut for the role .
There 's nothing for Jim to do but sulk in a local bar on the corner of Nowheresville and Stuckforlife .
Now that digital imagery -LRB- Buscemi 's film is another InDigEnt production -RRB- is virtually indistinguishable from handheld celluloid , where 's the 21st century 's own nasty , truth-seeking front edge ?
I ca n't recall having a better time at a movie about depression .
There are great moments in the film and it is often an enjoyable watch , but when it falls down , it has a hard time getting back up .
Has the delighfully deadpan face of a Bill Murray .
Another product of the woefully inadequate InDigEnt company , who have almost never turned out an agreeable movie , Lonesome Jim feels as if it 's from an earlier time and not in a good way .
Refreshingly , there 's more lethargy than awakening here ...
It 's such a joy to watch that we often forget it 's basically about people who have lost the will to live
If you were to saddle Garden State with a far less likeable lead and set it in Indiana , you might end up with this small gem
Anchored by dry humor and purposefully understated performances , Lonesome Jim steadily builds in charm as it progresses .
A simple , no frills story-line told with total deadpan humor that fits in perfectly with the downward spiral of Jim 's life .
There is a sweetness , eventually , under the detached comedy of this funny , uneven film .
There 's a slightness to the mildly eccentric material here that leaves the whole enterprise in danger of fluttering away .
Indie fans will eat it up like day old banana pudding .
Lonesome Jim is not going to become a generation 's anything the way Garden State is evolving , but it 's a decent sidebar





@highlight

Though Lonesome Jim is leavened by sweet , understated humor , it 's hard to root for such a morose , self-defeating protagonist .