The situations in this sitcom never get as funny as they should .
You , Me and Dupree is an inconsistent trifle - by turns cute and annoying - and not much more .
Not a single laugh here
The film is a mishmash of half-baked jokes , sitcom scenarios and Owen Wilson attempting to float by on his charm .
This is one of the worst scripts in the history of major-studio motion pictures : inconsistent , undeveloped , predictable , poorly thought-out -- hopeless on every level .
While Mr. Wilson is a likeable guy in small -LRB- re : supporting -RRB- doses , a whole movie 's worth of his shtick can become tiresome .
... Seth Rogen , so funny in `` The 40-Year Old Virgin , '' gets laughs as a husband who does n't realize he 's henpecked .
Owen Wilson just does what he does , and allows you to take it or leave it . You , Me and Dupree , then , suffers a slow start and trades too frequently in broad , garish strokes before rallying with some late atypical turns .
Wilson goes from crashing weddings to crashing newlyweds in a comedy that 's as tired as week-old wedding cake .
An oddly likeable film that grows on you if you 're willing to stick with it .
Between us , let 's just forget the movie .
A dire cuckoo-in-the-nest comedy .
There 's the odd giggle , but nowhere near enough to keep things going .
Enjoyable comedy with Owen Wilson on fine comic form , this is a lot better than its trailer suggests .
A bit dull , since Dillon 's constrained playing the straight guy , Hudson has little to work with , and Douglas looks bored .
... As stale and formulaic as it gets .
It 's not seamless , but Wilson fans can safely roll out the welcome mat .
Despite the clashing comedic styles , a game cast ... finds a few nuggets of truth and warmth , and several full-tilt belly laughs .
YOU , ME AND DUPREE is another in a long line of mediocre films to be released in 2006 .
What About Bob this ai n't .
You , Me and Dupree overstays its welcome but a compilation reel of Wilson 's scenes would make for fairly funny viewing .
Although it ends well -LRB- or at least pretty good -RRB- , the film ca n't seem to make spark in its bulk . During the first half , I laughed twice . That said , it was n't because of Wilson .
I laughed , but it was at the expense of my pride .
Wilson riffs hard and has his moments , but ca n't save a comedy with not enough laughs .
Low IQs plague otherwise funny Wilson vehicle ...
The filmmakers ca n't get the balance right between comedy and cruelty .
This ` comedy ' is so clumsily executed and wheezy it 's a wonder anyone had the resolve to finish it .
Remarkably forced -- ironic , considering it 's a starring vehicle for an actor whose most defining quality is his laid-back , unaffected demeanor .
Unfortunately , directors Anthony and Joe Russo sometimes push the jokes too hard , relying on tired physical comedy and easy visual jokes .
Only good when Wilson 's around ... in the end , the hints of misogyny and the suggestions of middle-class hollowness just blow away in a puff of cheery goodwill .
A terribly mediocre film that squanders the talent of its stars on a story that could have been funny and even thoughtful .
With its smart script and an ultra-likeable cast , You Me and Dupree is funny and wacky with plenty of heart , shifting focus beyond expectations ... The best part is the way the relationships between the three central characters change .
Unfortunately for You , Me and Dupree , it 's easier to invest patience in people stumbling to find focus and purpose than films searching for the same things .
Laugh-free , derivative , punishingly long ` comedy . '
Inflicting pain -- both on its characters and on hapless audience members -- seems to be the play of the day as far as this cesspool of a movie is concerned .
When our screening started , there were 12 people and a dog in attendance . Before it was over our number had dwindled by nine , and the dog had fallen asleep .
I would n't want to spend five minutes with these people in a cab . Not an hour together for dinner . And sure as hell not two hours together in a movie theater .
In terms of actual laughs , this is somewhere between a scorching STD and a sleepy corporate-gig Dennis Miller show .
Like the main character , the movie is okay at first but eventually wears out its welcome .
You , Me and Dupree does n't risk failure , so it amounts to nothing .
Russo and Russo ca n't decide whether they 're making a sentimental farce about male friendship or a raunchy comedy spiced up with porn . The latter wins out , though the audience is the loser .
It is only because of Wilson 's charm that this movie manages to entertain as much as it does , which is just barely enough .
Forget those awful previews . ` You , Me and Dupree ' is a rather sweet little movie focusing on friendship , love , life goals , and being true to oneself .
Hectoring his wife for liking pretty boys sounds hollow coming from the guy who launched a thousand Tiger Beats in the late '70s and early '80s .
In a year that already underwhelmed us with Failure to Launch , it 's a lot to ask audiences to take in another raunchy comedy highlighting the slacker lifestyle . -LRB- If we want to watch a truly skilled underachiever , we 'll watch Lebowski again -RRB-
You 've seen this kind of situation before , but Owen Wilson gets the warhorse new life .
The movie ca n't even decide who 's doing what to whom by the end . Molly throws Carl out at one point and then he comes back to apologize for walking out . That 's because they do n't know how to end a movie unless someone is apologizing for something .
We 've seen this all before , and quite frankly ; it 's starting to get a bit boring .
we get a whole season 's worth of sitcom in an less than two hours , whether or not this is a good thing is a quandary .
Owen Wilson is perilously close to doing a Dupree on his own career , by wearing out his welcome .
You , Me and Dupree seems to have been made by people who do n't know the difference between a light comedy and an inconsequential one .
In the end , Dupree does n't add up to much except a forum for Wilson 's unique comic persona , which is more than enough for fans .
Amiable if ragtag .
This is the worst movie Wilson has made since he graduated from being Jackie Chan 's punch line .
Ultimately , the movie is redeemed by a string of well-earned laughs and its trio of bright and engaging leads .
Owen Wilson seems -LRB- for a while -RRB- to be doing an Owen Wilson impression in You , Me and Dupree -- an odd , mild comedy about -LRB- are you ready ? -RRB- a houseguest who wo n't leave .
You , Me and Dupree offers moderate fun in a less-than-stellar summer season .
Gifted though -LSB- the directors -RSB- may be in smaller doses , they 're a long way from mastering the art of feature-length comedy .
Wilson tries far too hard . Dillon is miserable as the square butt of dumb gags . And just six years after Almost Famous , is n't Hudson still a tad young to play the solid , judgingly mature mommy-wife who talks of ` prioritizing responsibilities ? '
Wilson deserves better , too . He 's too smart to make me believe he 'd actually think this movie is funny .
Yet another comedy about a man-child who wo n't grow up , You , Me and Dupree has the faintly stale smell of food left overnight on the counter .
Watching -LSB- Wilson -RSB- mug wildly in another uneven film short on plot , the audience may start to wish he would go away for awhile and stop turning up in such repetitive comedies .
Owen Wilson single-handedly hauls this amiable , middle-of-the-road comedy out of sheer mediocrity .
Think of the uncompromisingly mediocre comedy You , Me and Dupree as a referendum on whether audiences are tiring of Owen Wilson 's beatific stoner dude character as rapidly as I am .
Wilson , Dillon and Hudson are likable stars , and there are moments when their characters make a convincing circle of friends . But the Russo brothers do n't have the maturity to blend the two prongs of the story they 've written .
If Wilson 's trademark grin is looking jaundiced by the finale , he has only himself to blame . With You , Me and Dupree , he has produced a movie as lazy and immature as its title character .
If you like watching Owen Wilson play the same character he 's played for most of his Hollywood career , and like to be able to predict every comic bit in a movie , You , Me and Dupree is your cup of tea -- or , maybe , your six-pack .
The laughs are low-key and although the characters are credible they seem to be missing a few dimensions , but the actors make this movie about an immature guy who moves into his newlywed pal 's house a pleasant enough visit .
Dupree sustains its groove for the most part , and in this summer of bloated spectaculars , it feels tight . It may be silly , but it 's a pleasant enough diversion .
Without core chemistry , the already flimsy plot is unbelievable . Without any sexual tension , the fate of the Hudson-Dillon marriage is irrelevant . Without any reason for Wilson to cut up and caper , why watch him do it ?
You , Me & Dupree is best when Wilson is on-screen , mucking around with exquisite deadbeat timing , baring his all -- or his almost -- as the situation demands .
It 's fast-paced amusing fluff if you wan na , `` Stay loose , stay liquid and laugh a lot . ''
Director brothers Anthony and Joe Russo manage to keep the pace moving for the first two-thirds , steering clear of overt touchy-feeliness or extreme gross-outs . Then they suddenly lose their grip , and Wilson 's good 20 minutes is up .
You , Me and Dupree is lazy , obvious , never emotionally real and , most unfortunately , sporadically funny at best . It 's a movie you 've seen before and you 've seen done better . Owen , it 's time to grow up .
If you 've seen the trailer , you 've seen only half the movie -- and all the jokes .
In You , Me and Dupree , Owen Wilson plays a freeloading houseguest who wears out his welcome after one day . The film wears out its welcome considerably sooner than that .
As Benjamin Franklin once observed , houseguests -- like fish -- begin to smell after three days . In -LSB- this -RSB- case , however , it takes less than two hours .
Little more than a compendium of sight gags that amount to the odd burst of laughter , `` You , Me and Dupree '' would be unwatchable if not for its formidable cast .
Every situation is completely contrived and almost wants to prove it to you .
It stages its jokes externally , such as smashing bikes , spilling on skateboards , and catching on fire -- all the better if accompanied by a hot soundtrack hit .
Even the name of the movie sounds like an NBC sitcom from the mid 1990s .
You , Me and Dupree mostly sputters .
When he 's firing on all cylinders , Wilson plays the trickster catalyst , the knowing knave with charming lassitude . Now if only his accidental sage can find a fable worth his goofball wisdom .
You , Me and Dupree features three first-rate actors in need of a first-rate movie .
You , Me and Dupree , a houseguest-from-hell tale , is an amiable comedy , but patched together from the plots of so many other movies , recent and otherwise , as to create a distracting sense of deja vu throughout .
You , Me and Dupree has the feel of a film that could have gone in any number of directions , and perhaps at one time went in all of them .
Dupree 's presence is annoying and disruptive , but not remotely convincing as a legitimate catalyst for exposing anything insightful , amusing or charming about modern relationships .
Wilson is the most intolerable of all . Watching him slack his way through this movie made me feel like Lou Dobbs . I did n't like Dupree . I wanted him deported .
Owen Wilson crashes a marriage .
Dupree 's actions seem to be those of an extreme closet case , complete with an Audrey Hepburn fixation and a do n't - ask/don ` t-tell obsession for his best friend .
A video-store leftover , suitable only for viewers who have nothing better to do .
Even with Wilson 's considerable charms trying to give -LSB- Dupree -RSB- depth , you would n't ... want to spend two hours with him in a darkened movie theater .
You probably would n't want Dupree as a long-term houseguest but in small doses his ` ness ' is kinda fun .
A braver , more female-empowering movie would have Molly come to her senses and realize that Dupree , hygiene and career problems aside , is twice the catch that Carl is .
This movie is nothing more than a classily cast disaster , a Something About Mary meets Meet the Parents train wreck we 've seen too many times before .
When your straight man gets more laughs than you , it 's time to modify your act .
I have n't seen it in the movie ads yet , but Brian ` Kato ' Kaelin -LRB- O.J. Simpson 's infamous houseguest -RRB- is sure to proclaim You , Me and Dupree ` the best film of the year . '
Owen Wilson delivers , of course -- but he delivers what he always does : a blue-eyed , fluffy-haired amiability that 's pretty much irresistible , and the picture is as light and insubstantial as an empty éclair .
Tells a story I recognized with characters I liked , and that earns higher marks than simply parading Owen Wilson around for 108 minutes .
It simply fades into Wilson 's growing résumé of watchable but unremarkable comedies .
This impossible place % u2014most desired object and least elucidated subject % u2014makes Molly typical of the women in white guy romcoms .
brings together an exceptionally gifted cast and asks the actors to work wonders with mediocre material . Often they succeed , although not often enough to make the film a must-see ...
... a movie that fails for much the same reason the 2003 Ben Stiller/Drew Barrymore vehicle Duple '' did .
The story has a strong ` been there , done that ' feel to it .
Feels like an afterthought , a trial-and-error effort in the search for the ideal Owen Wilson solo vehicle .
The film 's three leads deliver competent yet thoroughly uninspired performances , with Wilson offering up the latest variation on his laid-back , cool-guy persona ...
Between you and me , Dupree is a dud .
Funny that Owen Wilson should star in a film about a guy who wears out his welcome ... .
Kate Hudson looks great in a swimsuit and heels ... is that enough to recommend theater viewing ? Not really .
Imagine a sequel to What About Bob Starring Joel Murray that runs an elongated 109 minutes and its too long by about 109 minutes .
If you are Owen Wilson , and you ca n't get Vince Vaughn , Ben Stiller , or Jackie Chan to star in your movie , you get Matt Dillon . While he 's 4th on the depth chart , at least , he 's better than Rob Schneider .
Can we all finally agree that Owen Wilson has jumped the shark ?
-LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- not only carries the movie , but also bears the project proudly on his shoulders while dancing the Fandango .
Even if it does n't make you laugh , the movie executives will , all the way to the bank .
You , Me and Dupree is exactly the kind of brainless , witless junk that Hollywood knows it can peel off the scrap heap at any time and make a quick trip to the bank on .
This is cringe-inducing humor at its most wooden .
Third wheel 's a charm when the person happens to be Owen Wilson , indulging us yet again with his lovable-slacker persona .
You , Me And Dupree drains Owen Wilson 's tank of charm down to the fumes .
You , Me and Dupree may elicit some chuckles throughout , but the premise tires before the film runs its course .
I do n't mean to imply that this film is any good or that it contains an ounce of genuine insight . But as a template for the big-baby genre , it 's invaluable .
Working with a shapeless script , directors Anthony and Joe Russo -LRB- Welcome to Collinwood -RRB- ca n't figure out what they 're making .
Sporadically enjoyable but instantly forgettable .
The tone of You , Me and Dupree is smarmy in that institutional way that does n't seem to know what the tongue is doing in the cheek , exactly , but keeps it there just in case .
The end product feels less funny than formulaic . Not to mention profoundly disheartening .
You , Me and Dupree could just as easily be plotted on a flow-chart in the theater lobby , saving its audience a 10-spot and 108 minutes they 'll never get back .
Remember the classic comedy The Odd Couple ? This is sort of the same movie , only it 's the odd triple and it is n't funny .
Artistically , You , Me and Dupree is a mess . Technically , it 's an abomination . Spiritually , it 's a void . Commercially , it 'll probably be a big hit .
Although the movie offers a few chuckles here and there , it fails on almost every level .
There are several problems with the romantic comedy You , Me and Dupree , not least that there is no filmmaking to speak of .
I ca n't imagine many beside Wilson pulling off a line about an Audrey Hepburn sex fantasy involving butter and having it come off as adoring and respectful .
This is nothing more than dumb fun , with the scales strongly tipped towards dumb .
Even die-hard Owen Wilson fans will find this feature-length sitcom slow going .
A limp , uninspired dramedy that can never figure out what it wants to be about .
You , Me and Dupree is pleasant , likable and warm , but it forgot to pack the funny .
Dupree feels like the most opportunistic of Hollywood ` packages ' -- a trio of appealing stars with proven track records in this sort of fare paired with a script that 's been cobbled together out of odds and ends of other , better movies .
A feel-good comedy about a slacker buddy who turns out to go way beyond his obligations as a best man .
Not that the film needed to head into darker territory , but sidestepping even half of the clichés of the final act may keep the film from feeling so uneven and disposable . But , as far as disposable entertainment goes , it gets the job done .
I used to like Owen Wilson , back before he took Will Ferrell 's popular Hollywood class titled , ` Take every single script that 's offered to you -LRB- every single one -LSB- I 'm serious -RSB- -RRB- . '
Something , anything needs to be done soon to keep Wilson 's stoner-savant persona from becoming as generic a product as dairy-case cookie dough .
Oh , sweet , sly celebration of slackerdom ... I 'm so glad we met .
I do n't know how long Owen Wilson can continue to coast on his dippy charm , but as long as his coasting elevates high-concept comedies such as You , Me and Dupree , it 's fine by me .
Unless you do n't have air conditioning , live above a Chinese restaurant , and are suffering from a 107-degree fever , I ca n't think of a single reason to sit through this mess .
Owen Wilson is either an acquired taste or a comedic force who gathers more momentum and skill as he goes . In any case , he gets funnier and funnier with each film .
Were it not for the A-list cast , You , Me and Dupree is an effort one might expect to move directly to video store shelves , bypassing multiplexes altogether .
In summer multiplex fare , Owen Wilson does better than Cable Guy , but not much .
... a ` video movie ' if I ever saw one !
Given the intellectual level of this film and its lack of humor , it is not surprising that the ending rewards bad behavior . If you 're smart , it 's an ending you will never see .
Owen Wilson manages to make it sporadically pleasant , but not nearly enough to make up for the mediocrity of this overblown sitcom .
You , Me and Dupree is a situation comedy that subsists purely on vibe , namely Owen Wilson 's ever-boyish vibe of an innocence that has overstayed its welcome long into adulthood .
The problem is not the stars . The problem is that the basic conceit of the movie was bent out of shape by the bigger issue of `` Who is the star ? ''
The joke , of course , is that it 's really Owen Wilson who 's in control . He ca n't play the dazed rogue forever , but for now he 's the happy master of that domain .
It 's really Dupree , Dupree and Way Too Much Dupree . Owen Wilson does n't just star in the movie , he sucks the oxygen out of the room .
What makes Owen Wilson a special exception is that his characters always work to make the world more child-like and whimsical , and the films brighten up as a result .
After several false endings , this overlong comedy finally comes to a close . But for everyone involved , the honeymoon was over before it even began .
One trio you should avoid making a quartet by taking a seat in the audience .
Not even Owen Wilson 's potent slacker charm can save it from a fatal lack of any sort of momentum , much less energy , leaving it with the sort of stasis that sucks all the fun right out of the proceedings
Vacillates wildly between the scattered pearls of comic classics and bone-tired comic convention .
The movie goes from being another mildly depressing lump of unrealized comic potential to being an actively unpleasant experience .
Hudson and Dillon are straight arrows for Wilson 's bespoke character . Fails to ignite comedy .
As the unwanted bum guest , Owen Wilson plays a variation of the role played by Monty Woolley in Man Who Came to Dinner and Nolte in Down and Out in Beverly Hills , but unlike them , he 's just a disturbing presence and has no profound effect on his guests .
The most clever aspect of You , Me and Dupree is its rhyming title ... after that , it 's one long , steep decline into suffering .
A middling third-wheel comedy elevated a couple of notches by the ineffably weird charms of Owen Wilson .
The comedy is obvious and flat while the drama is stale .





@highlight

A rather generic entry into the arrested development subgenre , with themes borrowed from other more successful and funnier films . Dupree wears out its welcome .