The cast is superb , with Sharlto Copley , Michael Nyqvist and Anamaria Marinca delivering standout performances .
Despite tried-and-true formula -LRB- technical failure , one-by-one pick-offs , etc. -RRB- , a number of creative enhancements make for an original and appropriately-scaled film .
As the action progresses , this quickly becomes Marinca 's film , as she uses her body language as much as the script to suggest more subtle forms of angst .
One of the most immediately involving science-fiction films in recent memory .
In most modern science fiction , scientists are not depicted as noble . In the tradition of Frankenstein , they are often depicted as villains . This movie presents real science and scientists at their noble , courageous best .
An exciting but subdued sci-fi thriller about astronauts on a fouled-up mission to find out if there 's life on Jupiter .
There is an earthbound integrity and deeply respectful approach to the science in Europa Report that imbues the story with a gritty intensity , lifting it beyond its B-movie framework .
The best science fiction films have no chases , no guns blaring , no zombies , no prosthetic makeup , and no suspension of the laws of science . This is one of the best of recent years .
Its ideas trump its method , a necessity when working in a weary genre .
While it does look and feel genuine at times and you 're not ever able to shake that wondrous sensation of potential discovery , Europa Report fails to ever really wow its audience .
I 've never been so engrossed in frank conversations involving landing zones , ice drilling , or hydrazine .
... maintains an intimacy and a slow-paced authenticity to the proceedings that helps to gradually increase the tension without sacrificing character development .
Puts a premium on credibility
Until things go wrong in the last quarter it 's like looking at CNN .
There is something refreshing in the decidedly downbeat `` Europa Report , '' a science-fiction film with the emphasis on science that does n't cheat on the tension .
The film is resonant and largely satisfying , but in a smaller , more cerebral way than many of its genre .
Low key and earnest , Sebastián Cordero 's `` Europa Report '' makes compelling use of familiar genre material to create an intelligent science fiction thriller .
Like many other dull road trips , your response to this one might be a quick nap .
If it had a torso , it 'd be wearing a pocket protector .
A solidly cast , interesting budget concept is absolutely wrecked by terrible editing and needless voiceover that is at first wearying and then just ire-provoking .
A suspenseful drama proving that outer space is a very mysterious and a very dangerous place .
There are scenes of unutterable beauty in Europa Report , a low-budget space exploration sci-fi suspenser from Ecuadorian director Sebastián Cordero .
A small , brilliantly cast sci-fi gem , a riveting piece of minimalist work .
What is n't straightforward about the plot is either hackneyed , implausible , or both .
The idea that life evolved independently on Europa is perfectly plausible-and that makes what would be a fun and exciting film in any case all the more worth watching .
I 'm not qualified to judge the accuracy of the scientific detail , though the filmmakers convey a genuine respect for hard science instead of the cursory interest shown by most science fiction movies .
If this is n't quite a great movie , it should be an immensely gratifying one for sci-fi fans tired of the conceptual overkill and general dumbness of `` Prometheus '' or `` Star Trek Into Darkness . ''
With echoes of 2001 , Stanley Kubrick 's masterpiece , Europa Report is riveting low-budget hard science fiction -- i.e. , emphasizing the science rather than the speculative .
The strength of the film is not the story or the characters . It is the style that is remarkable .
If you want some actual science in your science fiction , though , the only 2013 movie -LRB- so far ; Gravity is still coming -RRB- that delivers is Europa Report . And oh how it does deliver .
Although overly fraught with lots of techno-gab , this captures the claustrophobia of the space ship and the bleak , frightening landscape of Europa memorably , aided by a fine score .
Europa Report is an alright effort with a solid finale , but the slow moments take enough of a toll to leave you a tad bored for most of this ride through the cosmos .
Europa Report is at times a fairly good psychological thriller -LRB- and indie movie experience -RRB- but falls short of being a very smart or scary film overall .
A highly effective documentary-style piece that puts you in the heart of a deep space mission , letting you feel the thrill and then , ultimately , the utter terror .
... there 's no doubt that Cordero 's film occupies the shelf space shared by Moon and Gattaca , slow , thoughtful films that ponder intellectual and emotional stakes resounding far beyond their cast .
Europa Report lacks a hook , a real investment to keep us glued to the occasionally jumbled narrative .
Beautifully-crafted sci-fi entry in the `` found footage '' genre is both as wondrous and monotonous as deep space travel .
Captures the beauty , the wonder , the fear , the intelligence , the heart , the heroism and the sacrifice that comes with boldly going where no man has gone before .
Although barely 90 minutes long , the film feels long and , sometimes , ponderous .
I liked the film 's slow build and hints of menace ... Unfortunately , the menace becomes more obvious and too literal once the ship lands on the ice-covered Europa .
Working from Philip Gelatt 's script , Cordero keeps things consistent , elegant and streamlined . `` Europa Report '' actually may be understated to a fault , but that 's preferable to gratuitous melodrama .
The real treat here is the science , not the fiction . The film 's sleek aesthetic was developed in consultation with NASA about what such a mission would actually require , and look like as viewed on surveillance cameras .
This sincerity , coupled with a documentary-style approach , can feel a little dry , but the script 's refusal to go to extremes only raises its plausibility .
`` Europa Report '' is a Grade A version of a B picture , a streamlined science fiction story that smartly tells a familiar tale without breaking the bank .
Realism does n't necessarily equal entertainment , and Sebastián Cordero 's movie collapses in an avalanche of jargon .
While Europa Report recalls such small-ensemble stuck-in-space flicks as Moon and Sunshine , it 's basically The Blair Witch Project relocated to the vicinity of Jupiter .
There are genuinely chilling moments in `` Europa Report , '' thanks in no small part to a talented cast that will likely look familiar to viewers , even if the actors ' names are n't instantly recognizable .
A science-fiction saga that strives for realism in not just its science but also its scripting and characters , Europa Report proves a well-executed , thematically intriguing tale of outer space exploration ...
`` Europa Report '' goes ploddingly where bolder films have gone before .
A bracingly original approach to both science-fiction and the found-footage genres makes this eerily realistic thriller well worth a look .
Finally , a found-footage thriller that merits , and expands on , this irrationally popular format .
There 's something adventurous about dicing a deep-space opus into home-video fragments . Call it one small step for found-footage , and leave it at that .
We need to reward smart , intellectual sci-fi like this if we want more of it .
The effort is wonderfully suspenseful and exhaustively mysterious , but the true grip of tension is founded in procedural behaviors , gifting the film a striking realism that makes it superior to the average B-movie .
A welcome addition to the collection , but hardly anything that will send you over the moon .
Simply put , the care and thoughtfulness that goes into footage-faking has not been applied to the film 's script or structure .
The sights are gorgeous-a seamless mix of archival imagery and impressively rendered digital views of our galaxy-and the science is , to layman 's eyes and ears , more than credible .
It is one that is worth experiencing for true science fiction fans
I did n't think we were making movies like this anymore . Very near future . Hard science . Nothing fantastical . Space geekery galore , gorgeous and authentic .
Some viewers might have preferred a stronger finale , but the movie manages to raise provocative scientific questions about our place in the universe while also delivering some neat , understated thrills .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- ... an artistically pure film in the vein of the Dogme '95 tradition . Watching it gives you a sense of being trapped in a spaceship with a crew of astronauts while observing things you have never seen before .
After a while , it 's hard to escape the fact that the audience is watching a potential monster movie in which most of the fun stuff -- i.e. the monster -- has been pared away .
It becomes refreshingly clear early on that this is a rare modern science-fiction film where the filmmakers are n't afraid to pack actual science into their narrative .
Skip this one until you happen to catch it for free on cable .
Science fiction , at its best , enters unknown realms . Europa Report probes deep , and then brilliantly , dramatically , twists the knife .
Will appeal to Arthur C. Clarke fans who are tired of brainless blockbusters and wants a little bit more sci in their sci-fi ...
A well-made film , one that is admirable for what was achieved even as it slightly disappoints for what it could have been under less-restrictive production circumstances .
Its high-minded emphasis on exploration and impeccable special effects are pitted against a familiar one-by-one slasher-like plot and structural cheats ...
It does n't feel like a huge event -LRB- the scientific accuracy leaves the film feeling a bit dry and procedural -RRB- ... but the heft and thrills are just enough to recommend it .
Europa Report is an intelligent breath of fresh air with some awe-inspiring visuals , proving that an engrossing atmosphere and technically sound story can be just as effective as cheap thrills and easy scares .
Tight and beautifully detailed , but plainly chopped down from what must have been a more coherent , if not more compelling thriller .
In this film , when an astronaut gazes out a portal at the infinity of space , you sense the amazement that fills his heart .
The assemblage of visuals , primarily static shots of the characters as they deal with practical issues complicating the stakes of their mission , maintain a persistently naturalistic hook .
The movie is filled with impressive visuals , especially for an independent film , that bring you into a world rooted in enough reality to make every moment seem possible .
Two currently popular strands of genre filmmaking , the low-budget sci-fier and the found-footage thriller , merge to reasonably plausible and impressively controlled effect in Europa Report .
3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Letdown !
Space looks grand , but all the action takes place within a space ship with characters who are not individualized .
Smart , suspenseful , and fascinating . Maybe the best indie sci-fi film since Moon .

@highlight

Claustrophobic and stylish , Europa Report is a slow-burning thriller that puts the science back into science fiction .