Andrew Garfield nailed an assignment many actors would avoid or , worse , botch in `` Boy A '' - embody a grown , traumatized man experiencing emotional honesty , transparent kindness , sexual intimacy and genuine appreciation from others for the first time .
The material is thought-provoking and features some very good performances .
The limits of redemption and forgiveness get challenged ruthlessly in this haunting drama ...
Efficiently directed by John Crowley , Boy A avoids exploitation while never soft-selling its thorny subject matter .
The genius of Garfield 's performance is that he fills him with equal amounts of terror and wonder .
This is a brutally honest story that pulls no punches . It excels at everything from the directing and acting to the editing and photography . A stunning achievement
It makes us feel sympathy for the devil .
Garfield is definitely an actor to watch , but prepare yourself for the disappointing ending .
Director John Crowley , a veteran Irish theater director now working in film , is deliberate with every last element of his film .
It 's a sad movie , no question -- but like most great drama , it inspires admiration for its thoughtfulness and its craft .
Boy A is the kind of movie that falls victim to the new role of multiplex as babysitter of teenagers . Its life in the theatres will be short , but for the few that find it now it will be worth it .
Even its structurally weaker moments give Garfield an opportunity to expand on Jack 's physical and mental dislocation . Given Boy A 's final floating reel , it 's an anchoring performance in every sense of the word .
The new British film ` Boy A ' poses a question that is easy to ask but nearly impossible to answer : Can we ever really escape from our own misdeeds ?
His sophomore feature , Boy A explores bleak territory but its insistence on not tying everything up in neat little bows is to be commended .
The movie is taut with suspense but culminates in wise resignation as the hero comes to understand he 's running from a part of himself .
Crowley gets a remarkable performance from Andrew Garfield : his Jack is a person who carries guilt with him even when he is trying to override it .
Boy A is one of those rare movies that takes the idea of rehabilitation seriously . In the end , it may present a worst-case scenario , but it does so with unusual depth and conviction .
In tandem , the director and screenwriter build up a palpable suspense . Boy A will rivet you while raising issues about forgiveness and just who deserves it .
Along with Garfield and the splendid Scottish actor Mullan , Crowley brings great tact to this bruising saga of atonement and moral regeneration . Though a bad seed can bring forth good fruit , will others want to pick it ?
There are some gaps in the movie 's reality , and some O. Henry-like contrivances , but the masterful trick Boy A plays on viewers is to get them to care before giving them reasons not to .
We 're introduced to more string-pulling symbolism than a movie this inherently sad ever needs . It 's too much .
Mullen and Garfield fit well together -- both have faces you like on first sight , both have charm , both have warmth .
... -LSB- Peter -RSB- Mullan 's compassion and paternal protectiveness and -LSB- Andrew -RSB- Garfield 's buoyant performance ... bring a warmth to the otherwise grim drama .
Although the screenplay tips our sympathies wholly in the young man 's direction , it 's cleverly structured to reveal the particulars of the long-ago crime , and what led up to it , in flashback .
Emotionally searing ... Thanks largely to Garfield 's heartfelt performance , Boy A becomes a powerful , poignant story of the difficulty of forgiveness .
The film Gus Van Sant wanted Paranoid Park to be .
The film is well balanced in its storytelling and fills in all the details of the -LSB- heinous -RSB- crime and its aftermath years later .
... a sad story that supports the idea of child killers as often victims themselves , the far less passionately defended point of view .
Taken as the meditation on the past that it is , Boy A is a moving look at the best and worst of how humans can treat one another .
Bleak but expertly rendered .
A small , huge film about the harsh realities of rehabilitation , and the shimmering possibility of redemption .
If Hitchcock had done a coming-of-age drama , it might have resembled this haunting , nervous , sad movie .
An absorbing , finely nuanced morality tale .
Sensitive portrait of a young man 's efforts to reintegrate into society after committing a horrible crime as a child .
In director John Crowley 's wrenching drama , `` moving on '' proves to be an illusion .
Crowley , his cast and the script constantly reveal new layers to the characters , preventing simple labels like ` hero ' or ` villain . ' These people are all cringingly human .
Lovingly photographed , achingly romantic and memorably acted by Garfield in a breakout role , it 's a small movie worthy of a large audience .
Carefully calibrated to explore the solitariness of a character who can not let himself be known ... Turns Boy A 's very particular story into a scary , universal and wrenching social statement .
Boy A may follow an all-too schematic flashback structure , but the film is too brilliantly acted for that to really matter much .
An ingenuous 24-year-old man-child is at the center of John Crowley 's wrenching melodrama Boy A.
Well-acted but familiar .
Even though the film is a narrative disappointment , it is possibly of interest for Garfield 's performance .
Boy A is so excessively mannered that the story 's human element -LRB- misunderstood youth , society 's indifference -RRB- is lost .
The Manchester-set drama could be labeled as kitchen sink , but Crowley breaks free from that label .
an effective workout of genre mechanics
This is another of those dead-kid dramas in which the terrible event is handled like a striptease -- tantalizing flashes until the climax .
Features a career-making performance by Andrew Garfield .
... Garfield presents an indelible portrait of a young man trying to figure out how to continue his life in the face of haunting secrets and a world that does n't want to let him forget it .
One of the most gripping , thought provoking dramas ever to ponder crime and punishment .
For all its sensitivity , thoughtful sobriety , and sound performances , though , Boy A finally permits itself an excessive number of contrived and/or clichéd gestures .
Ambitious both as to structure and theme , and riveting in mood .
A quiet and penetrating portrait of a sensitive young man who re-enters society with a fresh identity after spending half his life in juvenile prisons .
Inspires respect for its first-rate performances , artful construction and meticulous understatement .






@highlight

Small in scale but large in impact , Boy A 's career making performances -LRB- particularly that by star Andrew Garfield -RRB- and carefully crafted characters defy judgment and aggressively provoke debate .