When is a startling and devastating war movie made in the past too long ago to shed light on the present ? Well , apparently never , if we 're talking permanent war characterizing the endless US invasions and occupations around the world .
The doc gets up-close and personal . It shows one injured vet 's reality after war .
Whatever you think of the film , Body of War stirs up real admiration for its subject .
`` Body of War '' is so simple-minded and ham-handed in its case against the war that it ends up diluting its own argument .
Body of War is a powerful and effective documentary because it keeps its focus very tight and makes its story vivid in personal terms .
The lack of ego and relatively little self-pity -LSB- wheelchair-bound Tomas -RSB- Young has is astounding .
Donahue and Spiro should 've spent more time exploring the human moments and much less time browbeating us with stuff we already know .
It 's the soldier in Iraq who fights on in the face of public apathy at home . The hope in this vital film is that the voices of soldiers will be raised . They will fight on until their mission is accomplished and the Iraq war is history .
It 's an unusually intimate portrait .
-LSB- Tomas Young -RSB- deserves better treatment from the government than he 's gotten as a returning veteran , and a better movie than this simpleminded indictment of every senator who voted ` yea . '
Body of War again demonstrates that we Americans still have some bitter truths to face .
The overreaching Spiro and Donahue are not content to persuade viewers ; they insist on convincing us .
It is not merely an antiwar document , but a complex profile in courage of a paraplegic and patriot .
Body of War makes no bones about its activism . Then again , like the others , it 's the willingness to contextualize events and apply reason to them that makes it and others so valuable .
On the lower tier of the numerous docs about the war and the Middle East .
Body of War is neither the most cinematic nor the most elegantly crafted of recent Iraq war documentaries , but that does n't stop it from being one of the most deeply affecting .
A tough , affecting documentary about an American soldier in the Iraq war .
A chance to witness the struggles of a remarkable young man . Young may be paralyzed in the body , but his mind is fiercely alive .
Half an excellent and touching profile of a young veteran , but unfortunately , half a strident anti-war propaganda film .
Phil Donahue and Ellen Spiro 's powerful documentary takes a microcosmic look at the war and its devastation by focusing on a single casualty .
Editor Bernadine Colish weaves together all that C-SPAN footage into a disturbing procedural indictment .
What makes Body Of War such a powerful documentary is n't the clever rhetorical device of debate vs. reality , but the way it documents American life in the ' 00s .
Anti-war messages do n't get any more powerful than this .
Lazy , shallow and repetitive , Phil Donahue 's Body of War is one of the most incompetent documentaries to emerge from the Iraq war .
With all this fascinating real-life material to work with , it 's frustrating that the directors choose to devote half of the movie to well-worn archival footage of members of congress debating the decision to invade Iraq in 2002 .
Drenched in emotion and suffused with good intentions , Body of War is impossible not to like , but difficult to admire .
`` You go to a parade , you got to a demo , '' says Bobby Muller , `` Standard routine : you put the gimps on the front . You got ta have the visual . ''
Body of War is a gut-wrenching documentary experience .
No one can fail to be moved and saddened by ` Body of War ' and its picture behind the doors that hide forgotten ignored heroes .
Body of War does n't bombard you with statistics or parade talking heads to beat the dead-horse argument that the invasion is a tragedy fueled by bullshit . Its pull is more human .
A searing documentary that reveals the courageous antiwar heroism of a Iraq war veteran who is paralyzed from the waist down .
Architecturally sound , emotionally ravaging .
Makes for a good anti-war doc , to be sure , but an even finer -- and painfully accurate -- portrait of the former soldier as a young man .
Equal parts sadness and inspiration , fury and compassion , the film is sure to divide audiences along ideological lines . But there 's no denying the reality of Tomas Young 's experiences . A man who has paid so much is more than entitled to his opinions .
Almost by definition , documentaries about Iraq are gut-wrenching reminders of the unaccomplished mission . Body of War transcends even that tough standard .
A powerful argument against impetuous decisions , be they to join the military or to attack a country .
... more than just another run-of-the-mill political documentary .






@highlight

Unapologetically political , this intimate and heart wrenching profile of an Iraq veteran may be rough around the edges but takes a potent stance with determination and compassion .