What We Did on Our Holiday offers a believable insight , enhancing the comedy with a low-key austerity that allows the movie not just to entertain , but to surprise us .
Outnumbered fans will find more enjoyment out of it than non-fan cinemagoers , but not enough to warrant heading to the big screen for the experience .
What We Did On Our Holiday just does n't do or say that much , and what it does accomplish is fine at best . Oh , we should all be nicer to each other ? That 's the whole point of this disjointed thing ? Yeah . OK .
Proves without a doubt that America does n't hold a monopoly on obnoxious child actors .
Luckily for us , and unlike their bickering and scripted parents , the kids are largely left to improvise their parts and the result is mostly charming , sometimes hilarious .
This blandly titled comedy from the U.K. spends so much setup time being generically clever , it 's truly unexpected when , a third of the way in , things heat up in oddball ways .
Clichéd British dramedy deals with divorce , loss .
What We Did on Our Holiday emphasizes the celebration of life through masterful British comedy ...
Do we want to spend 95 minutes of our summer holiday watching a film about a young , squabbling , dysfunctional British family on a sham trip ? Yes , we do .
It 's not what you 'd call `` major '' cinema , but it 's a breezy entertainment , particularly if you 're a fan of one or more of the cast members .
... What We Did on our Holiday actually succeeds pretty well despite its rather hackneyed premise .
A damp-eyed comedy whose banal title is n't the only thing needing improvement .
Underfoot is a cast of young kids given too many cutesy moments and one-liners . In the middle of it all are actors like Rosamund Pike and David Tennant .
-LSB- What We Did on Our Holiday contains a -RSB- heartfelt central story , which features Connolly in what can only be deemed another Connolly role .
Engaging but slight .
What We Did On Our Holiday is an interesting domestic comedy for exactly half its running time , and then the whole thing falls apart so totally that you can almost hear the pieces hit the floor .
There are a few amusing moments and flashes of charm but this Holiday is an uneven trip , with underwritten adult characters and a strange third act involving a poke at misguided social services .
An amusing picture with a few laugh-out-loud moments , but it 's more interesting as storytelling tightrope walk , studying the feature as it navigates troubling turns of plot .
What We Did On Our Holiday sets up a sturdy comic scenario and then proceeds to head in another direction altogether-one that 's nearly impossible to anticipate , making the film much more of a goofy delight than would have seemed likely at the outset .
Jones and Connolly have terrific chemistry , particularly as Lottie works through the fact that adults encourage dishonesty and lying when it suits their own needs , and that secrets are more pervasive than openness .
The underlying , redundant , and underwhelming theme of the film is the pursuit of family unity at all costs .
Apart from the humour , there are some rather poignant and moving scenes as well .
From the makers of the adorable British sitcom Outnumbered comes a lovely , fable-like tragi-comic tale about life , loss , lying and honesty .
Do they want it to be a light comedy or a dark comedy ? The simplistic finale , complete with a shallow message , only adds to the confusion .
The supporting cast will delight fans of British television .
What We Did On Our Holiday manages to stay afloat because of its completely beguiling charm . It is an absolute joy of a movie .
I laughed throughout this sharp , witty and observant film that makes us look closely at ourselves , as we address serious issues
Despite the serious subjects of death , divorce and family dysfunction , this remains a feel-good family movie
Connolly 's on top form too , and the chemistry between Tennant and Pike convinces .
There are plenty of close-to-the-bone belly laughs as the estranged McLeods hit the road for Scotland , after which an unexpectedly morbid twist takes us into altogether darker territory ...
Although its story easily could have spun right off the rails , this British comedy uses earthy honesty to win the audience over .
A shambolic farcical twist is engineered that makes no practical , emotional or even comic sense .
Engaging family comedy What We Did on Our Holiday sees the creators of Outnumbered repeating the BBC sitcom 's winning mix of beleaguered parents , cute scene-stealing kids and spot-on observational humour with audience-pleasing results .
You deserve some sort of honour if , as a creator of comedy , you devise a technique so solid that it can translate from TV to film without losing any of its personality
The film is funny , if predictable , about such subjects as motorway traffic jams , sibling rivalry and family feuding .
There 's a lovely loose feel to What We Did on Our Holiday , partly down to the fact that while the adult characters have tightly scripted dialogue the child actors were allowed a good deal of leeway .
This holiday is about as much fun as a wet weekend in Chernobyl .
The tonal shifts can be a touch jarring , but there is a thin line between comedy and tragedy that is all the more poignant seen through innocent eyes .
Veryimpressive and likable stuff .
Is there any more tired device for illustrating growing attraction than a montage sequence where the characters make funny faces for photographs ?
It 's as wry and naturalistic as you 'd expect , while warm , emotional work from the adult leads gives the film a crucial lack of bias towards Doug and Abi 's relationship .
This garbled and nonsensical Brit farce has apparently been inspired by Kids Say The Funniest Things .
Despite a second act lull , Connolly convinces in this cute and charming comedy .
It 's thought-provoking and unexpected , if not something to write home about in a hurry .
We all have our off days , and our supremely off days , and now I , too , have learned An Important Life Lesson : you can have disastrously off days too .
-LSB- It -RSB- has sincerity and genuine charm .
This is a strange and unexpected comedy that turns its clichéd premise on its head and emerges with something worthwhile .
The comedy and the tragedy are deftly balanced but what impresses the most is the way everything unfolds from the children 's perspective . As we drop down a couple of feet , it 's the adult world that needs to grow up .
Amiable observational humour and likeable performances .
You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , and you 'll probably book a holiday to the -LRB- beautifully shot -RRB- Highlands .
I ca n't quite believe that a film as cheesy-looking as What We Did On Our Holiday is this good , but it is . It really is .

@highlight

Witty and well-cast , What We Did on Our Holiday injects unlikely laughs into a story dealing with dark , difficult themes .