A fast-paced cheaply made Euro thriller that reminds us Jason Bourne was a good film and this similar action pic is not .
As the chases , shootouts and explosions pile up , so do the clichés , which derail any suspense the film might intermittently build .
Violence , strong language in unimpressive action flick .
An aggressively unimposing movie such as this might not be the worst time-waster . But it 's still a time-waster .
A capable leading man ca n't save this generic DTV-level thriller .
Solidly pro in overall packaging yet cliched , pedestrian and indistinct in specific contributions , this thriller never finds -LRB- let alone raises -RRB- its own pulse .
Stratton does n't exactly have a personality .
A stale espionage thriller that possesses all the pulse-pounding intrigue of waiting in line at the DMV .
While it 's not a disaster , it 's also not the little movie that could blow past its limitations and knock the skeptics out of their socks .
There 's absolutely no depth to anything that happens because all we 're given is the chase .
While it 's far from a bad movie , it 's not an inspired one , testing patience as the production tries to pretend it 's an original vision .
Cooper , requisitely bearded , plays Stratton merely as a mildly sullen professional who goes about his business ; there 's little surface indication of the hurt and loneliness that must be driving this man at each step .
... the film offers not a single shred of anything to separate it from an episode of ... well , pick your favorite British spy TV series .
Exhausted genre pic that brings nothing new to the table .
Dreadful acting and ropy action sequences will likely doom this thriller to well-deserved obscurity .
Stratton turns out to be an almost laughably bad thriller .
Films do n't reach the silver screen without plenty of effort on somebody 's part , but it 's difficult to see who 's put much work into Stratton , a lazily derivative action-thriller based on Duncan Falconer 's novels .
Twenty years after he directed the monumental Con Air , Simon West does duty on one of those embarrassing underpowered British attempts at an American-style thriller .
A bit dull .
Less an action movie , more a direct breach of the Geneva conventions , Stratton is a wannabe Bond knock-off with water on the brain .
West aims for a kind of Jason Bourne or Mission : Impossible feel , but he falls short in budget , star power and explosive spectacle .
-LSB- A -RSB- medium-budget , moderately silly action-thriller ...
This wannabee Bourne is a copper-bottomed disaster from beginning to end . Do n't hold your breath for a Stratton sequel , because as a franchise , this is dead in the water .
This globetrotting spy yarn is desperately old hat and lacking in budget and energy .
Directed by Simon West , who made the infinitely superior Con Air , it teeters under the weight of its clichés .
Truth be told , this is the sort of film that , 30 years ago , would have gone speedily to VHS , and which should quickly suffer the equivalent fate today .
Oh dear .
Optimistically set up as the first in a franchise , Stratton plays very much like a feature-length pilot for the sort of TV show Julian Barratt 's recent Mindhorn spoofed so mercilessly .
Nothing about Stratton is a good idea .
Stratton does n't work for many reasons , and while Cooper is a talented actor , he struggles here to pull off the action hero protagonist .
A padded remake of a James Bond pre-credits sequence -LRB- specifically , the one with Pierce Brosnan and the Millennium Dome -RRB- . If Cooper 's Stratton is to stick around , he needs to up his game .
What can never be escaped , though , is the utterly formulaic nature of the storytelling .
The story feels cobbled together and the dialogue is often painful .

@highlight

Stratton 's action-thriller ambitions are roundly thwarted by a derivative story , misguided casting , and a low-budget feel underscored by unimpressive set pieces .