I did n't think it was possible to make SFX sequences more baffling and headache inducing than Transformers 2 , but Battle : LA found a way .
Case in point : Battle : Los Angeles , an alien-invasion disaster piece so loud , ham-fisted and joyless-so aggressively lousy-that its only real usefulness is to make one better appreciate the deft touch of a Roland Emmerich .
Misses every mark it 's aiming at , and then misses countless more .
Battle : Los Angeles misses every mark it aims for . Aside from the well done special effects nothing in this movie is worth recommending .
It 's not new , it 's not novel and it 's not art . But as a popcorn movie a couple of months out of summer season , it 'll have to do .
Just the worst , most cliché-ridden bunch of faceless cannon fodder you 've ever had the misfortune to watch die .
Jonathan Liebesman 's `` Battle : Los Angeles '' is one of those rare films that fails on just about every level a film can fail on .
Terminally stupid .
Eat some leatherneck lead , E.T. -- and semper fi , space scum !
Not as bad as the other recent invasion movie Skyline , but still nothing to be excited about .
For an alien invasion film , this one is a solid effort , though there 's a bit too much violence and not enough introspection .
... Battle Los Angeles fizzles out long before it reaches its tedious , anticlimactic finish .
... this humorless film as unimaginative -- and as exhausting -- as you can get .
a kind of cross between what I imagine the first person shooter video game experience to be and an episode of the HBO series Generation Kill
Wears its valor and vigor on its sleeve daring to be old-fashioned in its depiction of American heroism . The spirit of `` Semper Fi '' has n't been this much fun in a long time .
For all the blazing guns and s *** blowing up , it 's only sporadically thrilling .
... lock-and-load sci-fi - `` Full Metal Jacket '' meets `` War of the Worlds .
From beginning to end , this thing just keeps jackhammering at your nerves . Sure , there are a few moments of comic relief , both intended and not .
... looks good but the story lacks soul .
Action packed from beginning to end , `` Battle : Los Angeles '' is the bigger , badder brother to `` Independence Day . ''
It 's a decent night out , provided you know what you 're in for .
full review at Movies for the Masses
One part War of the Worlds , one part generic stoic army guy movie from 1957 set during WWII , one part Independence Day , one part goofy dialogue .
An out-of-this-world blast .
Only serviceable as a war movie and completely ridiculous as a science-fiction yarn , ` Battle : Los Angeles ' is an average actioner that 's barely one level above the Syfy Channel 's ` Battle of Los Angeles . '
There 's the standard complement of soldier stereotypes : About-To-Be-Married Guy , Twitchy PSTD Case , Stoic African , and The Commander Who Just Graduated OCS .
Do n't expect too much more than a gritty tour of duty against ET 's angry cousins and you 'll be totally satisfied .
For all its -LRB- many -RRB- flaws and derivative story elements , Battle : Los Angeles still has all the mindless fun and excitement of a really good high school food fight .
Lower your standards and enjoy the ride .
This is a war movie that is dressed up like a sci-fi film to sneak in a message about Iraq and Afghanistan .
With its clichéd , one-dimensional characters , the movie fails to engage at an emotional level .
If the talk had been surgically removed , leaving only the sights and sounds of combat , this could have been a striking , semiabstract display of aggressive energy ; as it is , any viewer over twelve will go for the laughs .
One does n't approach a movie like this expecting Shakespearean drama . Unlike some films with loftier ambitions , Battle Los Angeles pretty much delivers what it promises :
A realistic war movie gives way to melodrama and a really poor second half .
The film constantly blows thick smoke up our a -- s and calls it charity .
If the recent slew of apocalyptic invasion pictures teaches us one thing , it 's that they make better trailers than movies . This is a case in point .
Se fosse espremido e engarrafado , resultaria num perfume batizado como Le Phallus .
rather than actively fighting the clichés inherent in this genre , they have consciously , even joyously , embraced them
... probably better than it has any right to be .
It 's a top-to-bottom completely typical war film , just one involving aliens . If you can get behind that conceit , it 's not bad at it what it does . If you ca n't , there 's nothing else here for you .
The special effects are mediocre and the story is strewn with the type of plot inconsistencies and lazy dialogue all-too-typical of today 's post-content blockbusters .
Too caught up in trying to be a no-nonsense , Marine-recruitment war movie than on being an entertainment vehicle .
At times , the film dazzles with its almost seamless spectacle , but not as much can be said for the needless backstory preamble and an overindulgent aural overload that drowns out the best scenes .
Aaron Eckhart is great in a comedy -LRB- Thank You For Smoking -RRB- and great in a drama -LRB- Rabbit Hole -RRB- but he 's not the sort of guy you want leading a sci-fi action film .
More like `` Battle : Indistinguishable , Concrete Laden Locales . ''
Characters walking from one set to another , screaming and shooting , an explosion , and the slightly whittled-down group walks to the next sense , rinse , repeat .
Battle : Los Angeles is the right kind of `` Hoorah ! '' that the alien invasion sub-genre needed .
Watching this nonsense after seeing tragic television images of the destruction of Japan somehow made Battle : Los Angeles appear even more meretricious .
Battle : Los Angeles lapses into that peculiar modern-day rut that leaves an audience feeling as if they are watching a live feed of someone playing a photo-realistic computer game .
It is a well executed one-violent-trick pony , designed for the 12 year old boy the movie studios hope is still playing with toy soldier figurines inside us all .
Eckhart is a refreshing alternative to Messrs Stallone and Schwarzenegger in this movie .
Michael Bay and Tony Scott made love to the American flag , birthed a demon spawn and called it Battle Los Angeles .
I 'm sure there 's an epic battle going on here , but it 's hard to tell when the cameraman is too busy shaking off a swarm of angry bees to capture any of it .
A sturdy alien-invasion flick that focuses almost exclusively on the military response .
Like the aliens themselves , the cliches were coming too fast . Unlike the aliens , they are indestructible .
While there 's no subtlety here , this remains surprisingly gripping throughout and boasts three-dimensional characters and well executed action scenes .
Director Jonathan Liebsman 's decision to keep things at close-quarters - following solely this band of grunts rather than covering the entire city - could have worked had the film itself felt more elemental .
You 'd be forgiven for crying after witnessing it purely out of sadness for the art of cinema .
Beneath the silly premise is a consistent depiction of military performance , duty and sacrifice that is so unexpected that the film 's genre transforms from fantasy to war movie .
Action packed with a solid performance from Aaron Eckhart and a large dollop of patriotism
How many times can we watch Marines taking cover and returning fire at barely glimpsed aliens before our eyes glaze over ?
According to a TV commentator , the aliens ` are here for our resources ... we are being colonized . ' But do n't expect any references to chickens coming home to roost . There 's no irony in this particular presentation of doomsday deferred .
After a brief introduction to the cliched characters , the battle of the title is a violent , over-amplified affair ...
The real battle in this duff alien invasion movie is whether the direction is worse than the writing .
Really need to watch District 9 again . Immediately .
The X-Box game this film wants to be would be ten times more involving , and would n't feature Ne-Yo .
` Do n't fire until you see the whites of Anderson Cooper 's hair ! '
Entirely derivative , there 's nothing to fear about understanding the film , even though most of the dialogue is an incoherent shouting match
It delivers what it promises , but I could n't help but feeling disappointed the storyline was lacking and the heart was manufactured
It 's as if someone brought their GI Joe Action Figures and mixed them together with the Aliens monster figures and threw them at one another in a series of mismatched battles and romps that just enticed the child in me ...
A pro-war movie masquerading as a disaster film ? This is the anti Hurt Locker .
The pace is fast enough and the goal of victory so seemingly elusive that this is a pretty entertaining ride , despite the total lack of story and character development .
Feels less like a movie than the action scenes clipped out of one .
Neuron-rotting brain candy : an empty action exercise made up of empty calories . That 'd be fine , if only it were sweet .
It 's by-the-numbers , big-screen video gaming . Hooh-ra !
There are so many missed opportunities for interesting sci-fi elements , but this movie is n't interested in that . It 's a military ground war action film , and even that is n't sustainable .
Exactly what you expect it to be and it delivers on that : Team of marines all with their personal issues , some civilians for the heart , rah rah patriotism and big explosions .
The good special effects , at times , make Battle : Los Angeles watchable for short bursts . However , good F/X alone does not make a good movie and they can not save this one .
At least if the aliens win , we wo n't have to sit through any more movies like this one .
If you 're the kind of person for whom `` they blowed it up real good '' is a positive review , you 'll love this film .
Is this the end of the world ? No , it 's the end of my patience with these types of movies .
Director Jonathan Liebesman tries to create senses of panic and urgency , but `` Battle : Los Angeles '' generates precious little suspense .
Excitement ? Not so much .
So po-faced that it almost feels like a spoof , this energetic action epic is watchable due to its solid cast and visceral tone . And the story and characters are so thin that you almost admire the filmmakers ' nerve .
It 's pretty much a running gun battle from jump , which is good .
When the characters are n't spouting ridiculously cliched dialogue , it 's not half-bad .
I do n't know why this movie exists . A completely unoriginal mash-up of every good alien invasion film there 's ever been , resulting in an ugly , uninspired , laughably bad mess that 'll give you motion sickness while making your ears bleed .
Tedious , lazy and thoroughly nauseating with no palpable thrills or excitement to be found . The asinine script and excessive use of shaky-cam will make your eyes and ears bleed simultaneously .
We all know a guy who is obsessed with military firepower and who spends way too much time playing first-person shooters on XBox 360 . Battle : Los Angeles is a movie for that guy .
Battle : Los Angeles will delight your inner 8-year-old while your brain cells wither and die .
With his hawklike profile and square jaw , the hyperstalwart Eckhart looks like a comic-book hero and acts like one , too . He 's so stalwart he creaks .
Despite plenty of promise , it 's a mirthlessly clichéd , spasmodic mess of editing and direction . Still , look on the bright side ; at least it was n't released in 3D .
Gosh darn it all if Battle : Los Angeles is hugely entertaining all on its own right thoughts about plagiarism or no .
Battle Los Angeles is so derivative of superior films that you 'll spend half the running time merely making a list of movies that you 'd rather be watching .
It presents an apocalyptic scenario that ought to be tense and horrifying but is instead unintentionally funny .
This film feels so much like a videogame your hands keep reaching for controllers -- shoot the aliens , shoot the aliens , shoot the aliens .
Do n't mean to boast , but I can suspend my disbelief as willingly as any credulous moviegoer . Yet not even an industrial crane would have helped here . Nope , Battle : Los Angeles completely defeated me .
Give props to the filmmakers behind Battle : Los Angeles for manufacturing an otherworldly attack that 's as brutal , relentless and thoroughly unpleasant as the real thing might be .
It makes you feel like you are watching someone else playing a videogame while another person is operating a jackhammer approximately six inches away from your skull for two solid hours
This assemble-the-troops sci-fi war flick is all bark and no bite .
A high-priced , high-tech clone of a video game . The characters move a pixel at a time to this dead-end or that , and each solution presents another , greater challenge .
` Battle : Los Angeles ' is nothing more than another fast paced , clichéd action / sci-fi film but visually splendid and enjoyable .
Aliens attack Los Angeles , and as the title says , it 's a battle . Tough , blunt sci-fi flick may not be original , but it delivers the goods .
It has shortcomings , but Battle : Los Angeles tries hard at being a serious alien invasion movie . Intense battle scenes & an old fashioned portrayal of the military might win audiences over .
A sci-fi `` Black Hawk Down , '' Jonathan Liebesman 's `` Battle : Los Angeles '' will satisfy any genre-movie buff jonesing for this generation 's `` Independence Day . ''
-LSB- I -RSB- 's not about aliens : it 's about us . This is n't science fiction : It 's a bleak fantasy about karma being a bitch . It 's about collective cultural guilt . Looked at from that angle , Battle : Los Angeles is fascinating .
It 's not a good sign when , at the end of an alien invasion movie , you 're disappointed that the aliens have not emerged victorious .
Whoever cut together the epic first trailer for Battle : LA deserves an Academy Award . There is a reason why we hear no dialogue in that trailer ...
Alien invasion flick `` Battle : Los Angeles '' is basically a $ 100,000,000 recruitment video for the Marines that will help the Corps fill its ranks with gawky gamers who like laughably bad movies . Semper sigh .
Liebesman 's faux-doc , hand-held shooting style comes off as energetic but unfocused , like a 6-year-old trying to write his name in the snow with piss .
Battle : Los Angeles might be incredibly depressing in terms of the state of film making in Hollywood if you think about it , but you 're not supposed to think about . That 's the mistake : thinking .
Makes the fatal , conceptual mistake of turning a picture about a mysterious alien attack into a sub-par , propagandistic combat demo reel .
If you just want noise and explosions and by-the-numbers war-related action , well , Battle Los Angeles is the product for you .
Smart enough to avoid getting too deep into the personal stories and give you what you want from Battle : Los Angeles . They blow stuff up real good .
Pretty much cardboard , down to the heroic patriotic speeches , and less distinctive even than last year 's scarcely stellar Skyline , which trashed the same city .
It 's just running , shooting , dodging , killing , not badly done but pretty numbing over two hours .
It 's all forward momentum , except when it pauses to let Aaron Eckhart 's world-weary staff sergeant deliver a generic motivational speech . And even that moment is comfortably familiar , simultaneously superficial and satisfying .
The movie 's message is that by working together , us humans can overcome . A shame the film 's makers were not so blessed .
Neither as serious as Black Hawk Down nor as lightheartedly fun as Independence Day .
Recently , astrophysicist Stephen Hawking suggested that if alien life exists , we should n't be in a rush to make first contact . Consider Battle : Los Angeles Hawking 's cinematic `` I told ya so . ''
Battle : Los Angeles is like watching someone else play Call of Duty so you 're not very engaged in the action because you 're not the one controlling it ... ''
It 's a simplistic movie , but there 's something appealing about its simplicity .
This silly extraterrestrial-invasion epic somehow manages the feat of making the destruction of La La Land seem tedious .
H.G. Wells did it better . This movie spends so much yawn-inducing time on variations of the same combat scenario that its final showdown feels rushed .
As it lurches from Act II to Act III , `` Battle : Loss Angeles '' reveals itself to be a lousy movie .
A loud and proud piece of semper fi sci-fi , occasionally thrilling , periodically groan-inducing and thoroughly familiar in its efforts to imitate ground-level warfare against a biomechanical menace .
Director Jonathan Liebesman leaps into the fray with his camera twitching and lurching , capturing more flying metal and concrete dust than actual characters or aliens .
... the bigger , badder brother to `` Independence Day . ''
It 's the kind of movie that ends with one of those defeat the enemy by blowing up the one magical thing which can hurt them and conveniently is n't guarded scenarios . And even that feels tacked on
The plot of Battle Los Angeles is only a few dialogue scenes removed from the objective-based narratives of countless video games concerning warfare in modern times .
There 's a solid war film here , as well as the scary thought of what it might be like if we were the ` collateral damage ' instead of people in Iraq or Afghanistan .
Battle : Los Angeles does n't bring anything new to the alien attack genre .
For a film that takes inspiration from the same WWII event that helped spawn the screenplay for Spielberg 's 1941 , it is one that could have used an attack on Hollywood . At least that would have been a little bit of fun .
Destined to be remembered primarily as yet another step toward closing the gap between games and movies , it 's a lot of boom-boom and a bunch of `` hoo-yah . ''
Sure to remain one of the most spiritless cinematic experiences of the year .
If it 's daft action and a gung-ho `` God Bless America '' romp you want , then this is for you .
Eckhart 's commitment to the movie 's reality , which is as fierce as the sergeant 's commitment to his men , takes what otherwise might merely have been outlandish and makes it believable , and frightening .
Battle takes its fight so seriously that it 's hard to get behind the mission .
Part sci-fi thriller , part computer game , and part Marine recruiting video .
As it stands , Battle : Los Angeles is good dumb fun . A little less talking and a little weirder alien and it might have been something more .
The entire movie is made from the parts of a dozen other , better movies , and shot in a manner that suggests the cameraman is riding a pogo stick .
Like an angry tenant bent on revenge , the movie industry has depicted the destruction of Los Angeles with staggering consistency if not a wealth of imagination .
The film never quite becomes the `` Black Alien Down '' that it wants to be , but it gets close , and that alone is worth checking out .
Eckhart performs with laudable conviction , despite the laughable dialogue , but other characters blur into one , and you 'll end up feeling as weary as Eckhart 's marine .
Battle : Los Angeles is for American teenagers who found G.I. Joe : The Rise Of Cobra too cerebral .
This loud , hollow , kitchen sink popcorn movie looks pretty good , but its script ... is a modern day `` War of the Worlds '' with a stupid premise and a mostly interchangeable cast of characters . Oh , and this film thinks Paris is a coastal city .
See Battle : Los Angeles for the fun and eye candy , but know that you 're in for a slew of stock characters and situations .
For a reasonable while , `` Battle : Los Angeles '' is a credible , low-wattage warfare film ...
You ca n't help but wish there had been a lot more heart in this Marine 's story .
From the halls of Montezuma to the shores of Santa Monica , the first and last to fight are U.S. Marines in Battle Los Angeles plus an Air Force pick-up and a few civilian stragglers . This is a disaster movie , you know . Even the dog does n't die .
Recreates the vibe of the old-fashioned studio WWII programmer by replacing Nazis with extraterrestrials .
As Ernest Thesiger might have said : oh my dear , the noise , the extraterrestrials .
It 's a gritty , tension-filled story of soldiers fighting their way through extraordinary circumstances . The characters feel like real people . Their struggles seem genuine . And Los Angeles is going up in flames .
The film , constructed by people of serious talent , is designed to put you through the wringer , and that 's exactly what it does . This is a total war scenario , people . Man up or stand back . Hoo-rah !
A loud , frenetic , viscerally gripping two-hour tour of duty that mostly plays fair by the rules of the genre and mostly avoids macho posturing .
Viewed as a parody , this subpar alien invasion flick is worth a few laughs . If only it were meant that way .
Except for a change of perspective ... ` Battle : Los Angeles ' is just ` Skyline ' with a bigger budget but no more brains .
Battle : Los Angeles draws entirely on clichés ... And they 're all shouted at top volume .
Ultimately , it 's likely to top exactly nobody 's list of the greatest sci-fi , war , or sci-fi war movies of all time .
The biggest irony of this project is that it was made by a company that calls itself Original Film but has produced perhaps the least original movie of the year so far .
As a narrative , the cartoonish Battle : Los Angeles makes the cartoonish Independence Day look as nuanced as Saving Private Ryan .
The writing is atrocious , but BATTLE : LOS ANGELES is still a fun ride for action junkies .
There 's never a doubt who will win in the aliens versus marines battle , but the fact that it 's interesting from the first frame to the last is an achievement .
this is a movie that , when faced with finding a way out of its considerable contrivances , simply cheats
On the whole Battle : Los Angeles is the emptiest form of sci-fi action : Just one bloody -LRB- or alien gooey -RRB- thing after another .
It 's like watching other people play a video game
Disaster films will really get interesting when they start running out of iconic skylines to destroy . How about `` Battle : Wichita '' or `` Deep Impact : Albany '' ?
. . the real problem with this picture , shaky-cam visuals aside ... is its insistent , talky , unnecessary earnestness , which adds a good fifteen minutes of flab to the picture ...
Toting and furious , Michelle Rodriguez is as game as ever in the Michelle Rodriguez Role ; otherwise it 's personality-free , and hewn from a script of purest Monterey Jack
This jacked-up B-movie hybrid of `` Black Hawk Down '' and `` War of the Worlds '' is a modest but crafty triumph of tension over good sense and cliche .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't nearly as good as any of the movies that may have inspired it , or even its own knockout trailer .
Battle : Los Angeles is so inept it 's exhausting .
A solid popcorn movie , with plenty of action , explosions and low-key mayhem unlikely to scar even the most fragile of psyches .
An electrifying film that manages to be engrossing and entertaining in spite of its flaws .
When the mothership finally arrives , it 's a clinking , clanking , clattering collection of metallic parts , as if Fred Sanford 's junkyard suddenly became airborne .
Me , I would rather have enjoyed a big breakfast .
A tiresome fireworks display starring a cast of cardboard cutouts , quick to make a visceral fuss but frustratingly negligent when it comes to providing a reason to care .
Should have been titled `` Call of Duty : Martian Warfare 2 . ''
Visually bland , unconvincing CGI , an inane script , wooden , one note , cartoonish characters and too much boom , boom , boom ; bang , bang , bang .
A full metal racket , Battle : Los Angeles is like a Michael Bay movie without the meatheaded , over-the-top indifference that usually implies . The destruction is spectacular .
War of the Worlds meets The Hurt Locker in director Jonathan Liebesman 's down-and-dirty alien-invasion flick .
Rabidly gung ho action thriller that plays like Black Hawk Down with aliens , though the impressive special effects and decent action sequences are badly let down by a script that ensures no cliché gets left behind .
A movie that made me wish , from the first to the last of its 116 minutes -LRB- forewarned is forearmed ! -RRB- , that I were at home watching Paul Verhoeven 's `` Starship Troopers '' again instead .
Here 's a science-fiction film that 's an insult to the words `` science '' and `` fiction , '' and the hyphen in between them . You want to cut it up to clean under your fingernails .
Predictable , obvious , and often corny -- but Battle L.A. is also exciting , kinetic , and six kinds of loud , crazy fun .
It delivers on its promises without a lot of excess baggage .
What is an otherwise decent war movie is marred by unforgivably bad writing and even worse acting .
At a time when Hollywood is generally too afraid to touch America 's dual wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , Battle : Los Angeles offers up a safer alternative
Battle : Los Angeles has really intense action scenes . And that 's it .
Considering there are so many new ways to tell an alien-invasion story -LRB- found footage , mockumentary , spoof -RRB- , Battle : Los Angeles is almost defiantly old-fashioned .
Mostly , this is the cinematic equivalent of a first-person shooter game , one where the Marines possess only slightly more personality than the faceless invaders .
The deadening and sometimes laughable litany of shouted military-style dialogue eventually pummels into submission any hope for fresh creative angles on this well-worn format .
It might be different with well-developed characters or a story that offers more depth or breadth , but the movie is predominantly pyrotechnics and , as impressive as some of those are , they do n't warrant two hours worth of screen time .
Had all of this film 's 116 minutes been as good as the first 30 , we 'd have that realistic alien invasion movie Jonathan Liebesman strove to deliver .
The aliens have more engaging dialogue than the humans . The aliens are mute .
Battle : Los Angeles ends up being ugly , bereft of creative kills , not scary , not entertaining , not thrilling , not bad enough to be funny , and not short enough to suffer through .
A summer popcorn movie for the spring , this hybrid of a tale blends together elements and characters from numerous sci-fi , thrillers , actioners , combat war films , all placed in one package that aims at mass entertainment
Not a single arresting image is found amid the sci-fi rubble , though unintentional laughs eventually arrive .
Battle : LA is perfect cinema for gamers .
` Battle ' comes off more like a summer action movie with a massive scope and insane visual effects ... ` Battle ' is like a wicked mix between the `` Call of Duty '' and `` Gears of War '' video games .
Packs enough firm-jawed , flag-rippling machismo to make Michael Bay look like some mumbling pinko pussy .
The weak link is Christopher Bertolini 's script , which lumbers the flat military characters with hackneyed dialogue and corny sentimentality . Not even Eckhart can survive such banality , and kick-ass specialist Michelle Rodriguez is wasted .
Imagine Black Hawk Down with ETs instead of Somalis and you 'll have the measure of an explosive if functional actioner that will do while we 're waiting for summer 's big guns to arrive .

@highlight

Overlong and overly burdened with war movie clichés , Battle : Los Angeles will entertain only the most ardent action junkies .