Waking Sleeping Beauty was clearly a cathartic project for its creators , but the level of anecdotal detail -LRB- `` Then we went out for margaritas ! '' -RRB- comes off as self-indulgent at first and eventually just dull .
An intriguing yet uneven documentary ...
Carries the mystique of Walt Disney , whose animated features can be regarded as a genetic line with ups and downs as compellingly dramatic as the history of royal families .
Combining honest commentary with archival footage , Waking Sleeping Beauty offers a refreshing look at a side large companies often steer clear of .
-LSB- Director Don Hahn 's -RSB- interviews are used as voice-over to a lively mix of Disney film clips , behind-the-scenes footage and rare home movies taken by Disney staffers .
Featuring interviews with such luminaries as Tim Burton , John Lasseter , Don Bluth , Michael Eisner , the late Howard Ashman , the irascible Roy Disney and others , the film is a self-congratulatory dud .
A subpar movie about exceptional ones , and you wo n't really care who was responsible .
More Belle , more Ariel , more Simba -- and less of Eisner and Co. -- would have made a more interesting movie .
It 's not one of those documentaries whose appeal stretches beyond people who are already interested in the subject , but animation buffs will eat it up .
-LSB- It -RSB- may not be thrilling , riveting viewing for some , but for animation fans , and for aficionados of Disney , the movie is must-see .
Instead , it 's a fascinating look at how a group of talented , flawed individuals managed to pull together for a while and make some beautiful and lasting films . There 's something kind of magical about that , too .
It 's a not-so-great movie about some great movies .
Waking Sleeping Beauty will matter only to those who grew up on Walt Disney 's animated films . In other words , all of us .
Feature animation had an explosively great year in 2009 , so it 's startling to be reminded in Waking Sleeping Beauty that it was all but dead 20 years ago .
It 's a must-see for any Disney purist , but is also an emotive , stunningly valuable documentary in its own right .
The entire story is worked into a perfect success story package , concluding right before the studios more controversial period begins , which just goes to show , you can always have a happy ending , if you know where to stop the story .
Just extraordinary enough to make you really long for all the stuff that it 's too-short running time and too-tight focus had to leave out .
A few too many industry asides , but filled with behind-the-scenes moments .
The film feels too often as though it is pulling some punches so as not to enrage its corporate parents .
All too often the movie 's breadth comes at the expense of its depth .
Objectivity is impossible under the best circumstances , and perhaps Hahn comes as close to `` fair and balanced '' as possible . But unavoidably there 's a sense of untold stories and elided details lurking right beneath the surface .
Marginally fascinating and well-edited , but has too much potatoes and not nearly enough meat for audiences hungry for insight about the second Golden Age of Animation .
Sly retrospective exercise in corporate self-congratulation masquerading as an insider 's tell-all .
Although fun to watch , it will take a princely kiss to make a legitimate documentary out of this Disney vehicle .
Even in its sanitized state , this movie about the generational revolt that reinvigorated Disney 's animation department in the 1980s and '90s is fascinating
` Waking Sleeping Beauty ' is less of a documentary and more of a goldmine for animation geeks .
This eighty-six-minute feature falls far from the enchantment most of the public will enter expecting .
Waking Sleeping Beauty does n't have as much behind-the-scenes juice as you 'd hope .
-LSB- The -RSB- film manages to appear satisfyingly objective and observant , rather than just an official studio document patting itself on the back .
Waking Sleeping Beauty covers a dream era in the history of animation , but it could have delved a little deeper to keep us wide-eyed and engaged .
It 's got a terrific inside Hollywood sensibility plus an unblinking candor that lets the chips fall where they should . Which , given who made it , is something of a pleasant surprise .
The movie turns from good to great as the layers are peeled away and director Hahn provides an insider 's look at the creative epicenter of the studio .
The story we get is compelling stuff , a testament to artistic perseverance and the legacy of the Disney brand .
Disney-approved
It twists , turns , and avoids unpleasant aspects of the Disney company , both immediate and historical .
It could have been comfortably twice as long . But what 's there is an unusual peek inside the Mouse House , one delivered by a director who seems to love the studio without letting that cloud his judgement .
Fantasy vs. fiscal considerations -- the eternal struggle between art and commerce . In the end , art triumphed and business -LRB- and the personal conflicts -RRB- won out .
Whatever happened , happened . The fact remains that those years were revolutionary , and if not for them , it 's a good question whether Pixar , DreamWorks and the other animation production sources -- and Disney Animation itself -- would still exist .
As consistently funny as it is illuminating .
The joy of cartoons meets the agony of office politics in this fascinating , inside - Hollywood-baseball documentary about how Disney , against all odds , revived the art of feature-length drawn animation .
A documentary about the lucrative rebirth of Disney 's animation arm between the years 1984 and 1994 , it 's a warts-and-all tale of clashing egos and the eternal war between art and commerce .
Essentially a Jeffrey Katzenberg take-down piece , Don Hahn 's fragmented documentary about the massive changes at Disney Studios between 1984 and 1994 does n't dare go near touchy subjects like Disney 's blood-draining takeover of Manhattan 's Times Square .
The film 's tendency to wax sentimental occasionally undermines its authority , but you wo n't find better behind-the-scenes looks at the era 's mouse-eared power struggles or at the making of modern Disney classics .
A MUST SEE documentary , as it pulls back the curtain on one of the most enigmatic periods in Disney history and allows you to enter a world very few ever get to experience .
A sometimes plodding but often vibrant look at the fall and rise of Walt Disney Pictures
The contrast between these more candid moments and those of the polished professionals is evocative , reminding us that this is a story about how the development within a corporation affects the individuals inside .





@highlight

It does n't probe as deep -- or tell as many hard truths -- as it could have , but Don Hahn 's look at Disney 's rebirth offers a fascinating and surprisingly candorous glimpse into the studio 's past .