I enjoyed it more than the first one . It 's a lot of fun , you 're going to enjoy it .
There 's plenty here to keep the kids happy , if only because the film employs Gru 's seemingly innumerable yellow minions as a constant source of slapstick humor .
I even laughed at the fart guns . I never laugh at fart guns .
Despicable Me 2 earns the right to be slight and nutty because it cultivated those feelings in its predecessor .
It 's hard to tell if directors Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud faced interference on the part of the studio , but the film lacks any discernible spark beyond frenzied goofiness .
The first act of Despicable Me 2 is so winning and engaging that it 's almost a tragedy how the rest of the film falls into bargain basement formula .
... a passable followup that 's sure to amuse and entertain fans of the original .
Carrell 's almost better this way , with his mugging fully abstracted by animation , whereas we start to miss Wiig 's actual face .
Franchises are born more from box-office success than creative necessity , and this sequel has only a fraction of the originality demonstrated by its predecessor .
Gru 's villainy is replaced by a cloying fish-out-of-water mentality that is tortured by overuse of the minions characters . Still , the film is entertaining and has several wonderful scenes that almost make up the difference .
The beautiful digital animation is state of the art but the story and comedy are utter cliche .
The minions are back and better than ever .
It 's the zany goggle-wearing yellow-hued Minions who provide most of the film 's chuckles and who justify the otherwise pointless 3D when they break the fourth wall at the start of the credits with a set of loopy antics .
The movie captures that magical mixture : naughtiness and goodness .
The only thing that really holds this sequel back ... it just does n't seem epic enough to be a `` summer blockbuster '' ... then again , maybe that 's a good thing ...
Does n't belong in the top ranks of animated fare but , like its predecessor , it contains enough humor , charm , and warmth to make it a solid family film .
THIS is what 3D should be .
A comical mash of cartoonish imagination and surreal detail that 's just right for the mix of hyperkinetic humor and sentimental charm .
I think this is a fine animated comedy for kids , and parents can sit through it without despair . It just does n't quite fit the adult audience quite as well as the first one did .
The story is unfocused , and capped by a resolution that has notable holes in reason , but even that could be forgiven in a cartoon with an arsenal of laughs .
What a nice surprise : Gru is just as funny as a good guy . ` Despicable Me 2 ' is , believe it or not , a romance-focused romp that has its share of villains . This time around , though , Gru is not among them .
This is one of those rarities , an animated sequel that improves on the original .
Ranks as one of the best animated sequels of all time .
If the first film was in some ways a re-imagining of Seuss , with a grinchy Gru 's heart growing from two sizes too small to one too large , Despicable Me 2 continues his rehabilitation from complete societal outlier to minion-infested community fixture .
The assumption seems to be that the public ca n't get enough Minions . Despicable Me 2 sets out to test that assumption to its absolute limit .
Likable characters , inventive visuals buoy `` Despicable 2 . ''
There 's still an attempt at the playfully naughty misanthropy , but it feels tired and worn .
Everything that is good about it-including those wonderfully nattering minions who have even more screen time and play a bigger role in the narrative-is what was good in the first film , so there is n't any sense of growth or expansion
Good film about family values
I guess it should n't be a surprise that a watered-down premise would get even blander in the sequel , but it 's disappointing to see just how far it 's fallen .
It 's not that the movie is unlikable . It 's that it feels like a trip through a random checklist of things that played well in the first film .
Let 's hear it for the minions - they make this movie and are the real stars of the show .
Co-directors Chris Renaud and Pierre Coffin , who do Minion voices expertly , never let up on the laughs . A fart joke in 3-D may not be three times as wacky , but the high spirits of Despicable Me 2 are irresistible fun .
I laughed harder and more often than in any movie I have seen so far this year !
Sure , the pat Hollywood ending is a foregone conclusion , but nobody 's complaining when the roller coaster ride is so thoroughly enjoyable !
It has quite a reputation to live up to due to its predecessor , and while it does n't quite reach the heights of the previous film , this is still a very enjoyable and silly sequel that is a welcome return to the characters we 've come to know and love .
For the most part , Despicable Me 2 is amusing and cheerful , but it lacks the mild-cheddar edge that made the first film stand out -- moments like when Gru inflates a balloon animal for a sad boy , only to then pop it himself .
Yes , the Minions rule , and I look forward to their spin-off movie . But I need to care about Gru , and I do n't .
Turning Dr. Evil into Austin Powers ... is the best possible way to keep the reformed character from losing his mojo . -LRB- Oh , how Mike Myers has influenced this discussion ! -RRB-
What makes this another winner is that there are more than enough subversive chuckles to balance out the sugar . It is almost impossible to not smile through the duration of the movie .
... Just as charming , hilarious , clever , and well paced as its predecessor .
It feels like a typical sequel that rehashes bits and pieces from the original with tweaks , like making the minions and their hijinks more central to the story .
Exactly what a cartoon should be . A lot of fun , with jokes that both kids and grown-ups can enjoy .
It 's all about The Minions .
What language do the Minions , those delightful , yellow homunculi of these ` Despicable Me ' films , speak ? Whatever it it , it is silliness raised to sublime , giggle-inducing heights , and renders children and adults alike helpless .
Plays a lot like an Ice Age sequel . There 's just too many characters which were essential to the original movie but irrelevant here .
Gru might hate this characterization since he is an ex-villain , but Despicable Me 2 is the feel good movie of the summer .
-LSB- A -RSB- meandering , unfocused movie that tries to force more material out of a gimmick -- without actually using the gimmick -- than is possible .
I caught it almost a week ago , and I 'm still laughing .
How do you tell a story about a bad guy who is no longer a bad guy ? Despicable Me 2 embraces the dilemma and adds new ones .
This is a sequel that 's even less necessary than Monsters University ; often times it feels like the movie ca n't even justify it 's own existence while you 're watching it .
Despicable Me 2 does have the whiff of focus-group research about it -- more minions ! -- but the story , by the same duo that wrote the original -LRB- and the same directors , too -RRB- , also feels like a natural extension of the first film .
The film easily surpasses the original , while leaving room for further sequels .
We do get a solid 40 minutes of Hart 's new routine , one that shows his transition from underdog entertainer to front-rank , stand-up star .
Those who adore the Minions and want more light-hearted fun in the zany Despicable Me universe should get what they are looking for in the sequel .
As a sequel -LSB- it -RSB- stands level with the first film -LRB- also directed by Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud -RRB- , and may have the edge on it .
`` Despicable Me 2 '' lags on occasion , but every time I found my attention waning , the filmmakers did something wicked to goose me .
-LSB- A -RSB- remarkably tepid sequel to the surprise 2010 hit ...
It 's all good fun . If you have kids ... they 'll squeal . And , even adults will like the minions and the 3D effects .
Given the outlandish premise , you 'll wish the film twinkled with a more savvy sense of humor and adventure , like the chapters of the Toy Story series , for example .
wonderfully imaginative and fun with a masterful use of 3D and breathtaking precision-timed action sequences that are both exciting and hilarious . And there are minions .
As amusing as the minions can be , they are n't enough to carry the movie .
Not as consistently funny as the original , Despicable Me 2 still proves itself a quite-capable sequel , one that moves the characters and their stories along in humorous and often sweet ways .
More minions and romance make for a sweet , silly sequel .
The Minions ' decision to go solo next year is the smartest move since The Simpsons severed their relationship with Tracey Ullman .
Culminates in a double-music video finish designed to see audiences out in a pop-narcotic laughing-gas daze . As a tactic , it 's a poor substitute for a satisfying story .
Gru and his minions in a sequel that does n't run out of gas .
It would have been funnier to see an inkling of the old Gru peeking through , perhaps momentarily swayed by the idea of rejoining the dark side . He 's just so -LRB- shudder -RRB- nice .
If you 're looking for quality prepackaged , predigested Hollywood family fun this summer , you could do a lot worse than Despicable Me 2 .
-LSB- Despicable -RSB- Me 2 , even at its weakest , is still a charmer .
Thanks to a zippy script and bold animation , `` Despicable Me 2 '' has the same charm and wit as the first movie , but now there 's a lot less evil .
Gru 's transformation from diabolical moon thief to adoring daddy made for a satisfying story , but now that it 's been accomplished , the filmmakers -LRB- the same writing and directing team as the first movie -RRB- do n't seem to know what to do with him .
`` Despicable Me 2 '' is light on its feet , visually inventive and very fast with the repartee . It requires actors who can pull off the many peppery lines at warp speed and in that the film is lucky with its voice cast .
Despicable Me 2 feels more like a first draft than a final product .
-LRB- The Minions -RRB- will make or break Despicable Me 2 for audiences , depending on whether you find them endearing or annoying .
Fiendishly entertaining .
The rare animated sequel that rivals the brightness and enjoyability of its predecessor .
Not a great movie for sure , but if your kids want to see this there is enough humor to not drive yourself minion crazy .
Simply works because the filmmakers understood what audiences loved about the surprise 2010 hit and just deliver on that promise in creating a sequel overflowing with heart , charm and those awesome Minions .
Pleasant as it plays out , but also glaringly lacking when stacked up next to its shrewder , sweeter , more inventive predecessor .
Heartfelt and hilarious , smart and silly , action-packed but never violent , `` Despicable Me 2 '' is that rare sequel that outshines its beginnings .
Gru without evil does n't have much of a personality at all .
As a parent it 's a welcome addition to a library of movies that both me and my daughter can enjoy ; whether she will fully grasp the good vs. evil storyline is one thing . Us both falling out of seats laughing at the minions is the guarantee .
I 'm an adult with no plans for children in the near future ; and as great as the minions are I would advise other kidless folk to save room for `` Despicable Me 2 '' at the front of your Netflix queue .
Dreamworks ' Madagascar and Shrek series may be creatively exhausted , but Universal proves with Despicable Me 2 that Pixar 's animators are n't the only ones capable of top-quality sequels .
It feels as it Hal from marketing had some input in the creative process . This is never a good thing .
While Despicable Me 2 is n't the most laugh-out-loud or innovative family film , its stunning animation and amusing hijinks make it worth a watch in between other summer flicks .
The animation is beguiling , particularly when Lucy drives her car into the ocean , transforming it into a submarine that scoots around sharks and fish .
For cynics and detractors , it may at time feel like this sequel exists for nothing more than to push the film 's most marketable characters front and center .
An animated sequel that , despite not achieving the inspired lunacy of the first movie where Gru literally steals the moon , is smartly calculated to deliver squeals to kids and amusement to accompanying adults .
Directors Chris Renaud and Pierre Coffin deserve credit for not rehashing the basic ideas of their first effort , but they never really expand upon its unique universe either .
It 's breezy and affable without ever going completely soft .
It 's perfectly timed pratfalls will have the parents laughing just as much as the kids .
The scope of the ` toon espionage-adventure goings-on is surprisingly limited . But the filmmakers so clearly love working on these characters , their creative joy is infectious .
Slapstick high jinks are plentiful , though never particularly funny .
The original had something equally new to say about our fixation with heroes and villains . Despicable Me 2 only cares about the bottom line ... and increasing it .
Sure , it 's not as novel as the first time we were here , but directors Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud stay true to the clever , slapstick vibe .
`` Despicable Me 2 '' is trying to tickle , not teach . In a marketplace full of toxic messages , that 's not such a bad thing .
Better , or at least sweeter , than the first , with Wiig adding some much-needed romantic charm to the toddler-level humor .
-LSB- It -RSB- is consistently diverting and so cute you 'll want to pet it . Yet it is also weightless and lacks a center .
The Anti-Villain League needs a better mission plan , but there 's still more than enough family charm and minions to keep the film firmly afloat .
Despicable Me 2 feels like a opportunity to get together with some old friends , hang out , and discover what they 've been up to .
The franchise has enough zip and humor to be worthwhile .
The craziest thing about this outing is its hermaphroditic humor ... with its cross dressing minions and ` Y.M.C.A. ' closer -LSB- Despicable Me 2 -RSB- is cheeky family entertainment .
A sequel was a foregone conclusion , but how did those responsible lose sight of what made the original special ?
... partly another adventure , but its main concern is romantic matchmaking .
Almost as much fun as the riotous original .
-LRB- Minions are -RRB- funny , in a Madagascar penguins or Pizza Planet little green men sort of way , one-joke bit players whose appeal was underestimated before and overestimated now ... Butt out , Minions .
Did I mention the minions rock ? Those yellow , pill-shaped goofballs took lessons from the Three Stooges to orchestrate their myriad comedic vignettes , which , if strung together , could be a feature film of their own .
Cute family fun , but lacks the pop of the original . Gru has gone from despicable to domesticated .
A cluttered , misshapen piece of work , cobbled together in a way that suggests desperation -- or , when it comes to the extensive footage given to the Minions , crude calculation .
For an adult , the predictability could turn you blasé . For kids , revisiting these jokes is a howl . Pinkie promise .
Features daft animation , exuberant vocal performances , and heaps of humor from Gru 's caplet-shaped , nonsense-talking Minions .
Steve Carell 's Slavic inflections as Gru do the trick , as before . Wiig 's clever hesitations and comic timing help save the day .
Neither directors Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud , nor screenwriters Ken Daurio and Cinco Paul try to hide much . Which is n't to say there are n't some laughs .
The result is a sequel that is the opposite of despicable .
The minions are still wacky scene-stealers -- and once again , we do n't get nearly enough of them -- but Gru and his daughters have been blanded down to bad-sitcom level .
Despicable Me 2 is not what I 'd call a ` good ' film , but it 's funny enough to make up for it .
It 's a credit that the writing can be so funny in the moment , that it takes time to realize there 's no cohesive story , zero dramatic tension and nary a practical lesson for either the characters in the film or the people watching in the theater .
A generally effective sequel despite a mess of structural issues .
The animation is great , especially among the minions , whose every action seems to instigate a ripple effect that creates a chain of slapstick laughs .
The mood of the film is close to that of a Wallace & Gromit film : idiosyncratic characters get into trouble that forces them to run amok in a way that makes a sort of mad logic if you follow the unhinged plot strands .
This time around , Gru 's Minions -- those wacky little gibberish-spouting Tater Tots with eyeballs -LRB- some with one , some two -RRB- -- receive greater screen time to perform more crowd-pleasing shtick .
The beguiling basics are still there , including the goofy gadgets and sly references to other films .
Mild on every level : mildly funny , mildly annoying , mildly cute and mildly offensive .
It 's not much of an improvement , but Despicable Me 2 capably delivers the goods with minimal strain , once again trusting in the power of goofballery over the labor of emotional impact .
Still entertaining for the young ones but a bit less so for adults than the first time around . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
-LSB- It 's -RSB- fun . It 's cheerful . It 's lollipop colorful . Best of all , it features lots of minion mischief , which guarantees plenty of laughs . But what it does n't have is an edge .
Armed with masses of minions and an excess of adorability , `` Despicable Me 2 '' is guaranteed to charm anyone who 's out of school and already bored .
Parts James Bond flick , `` Get Smart '' episode and Pixar-esque family adventure , `` Despicable Me 2 '' introduces fresh challenges for its crusty hero .
Not only a fun cartoon but - that rare thing - a sequel which actually improves on the original .
Despicable Me 2 is not a bad film , but it is a frustratingly lazy and hollow one , and at this point , nothing makes me more depressed about the state of Hollywood than cash-grab animated sequels like these .
While it is n't as touching or as exuberantly funny as the original , it 's a cute summer diversion for kids with just enough wink-wink slyness and cheeky cinematic asides to hold the interests of older teens and adults .
Has more laughs in its first five minutes than `` Monsters University '' managed in 90 .
Co-directors Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud return for a shot at turning the unlikely `` Despicable Me '' premise into an animation franchise .
Riotously funny sequel to the 2010 animated hit has reformed villain Gru embracing fatherhood and his romantic yearnings . All that , and Minions too !
The pratfalls , gizmos and Loony Tunes ` violence ' will elicit giggles from kids while adults are left to smile indulgently .
alarmingly dull
The gags take precedence over the perfunctory plot , and the overarching theme about Gru and his girls ' search for a mother figure is too undercooked .
Despicable Me was a disposable piece of silliness designed to delight the younger end of the animation market , so it 's no surprise that this sequel offers more of the same .
Having laughed my way through pretty much the entire film -LRB- including an ace end-credits sequence that will delight aspect ratio nerds -RRB- , I left the cinema to the sound of a child announcing ; `` That was the best movie ever ! ''
Though jammed-up with too much pointless plot , Despicable Me 2 remains one of the funniest films released this summer .
This sweet 'n' sticky sequel is stolen by the mischievous Minions .
Three words best describe this film : funny , funny , funny . As naturally suspicious as we are of sequels , Despicable Me 2 is the type of cinematic extension that restores your faith in follow-ups .
The script 's jumble of plot asides and family-friendly pandering is enough to make you want to root for a hero .
A completely redundant follow-up to the perfectly delightful 2010 original .
In an almost terrifying reversal from the first film , this is crude , racist , and sexist , in entirely well-worn ways . -LRB- But the Minions are still funny . -RRB-
The retro-futuristic designs and inventive gadgets add further texture to a spectacular romp brimming with laughs .
There 's no need for Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud 's animated sequel to exist , but is there a parent alive strong enough to resist the pull of `` The Minions '' ?
You can wish for a tighter plot , yet aside from the entirely useless 3D , there 's little reason to be angry with Despicable Me 2 .
The switch freshens up the premise and means you do n't need to have seen the original .
Resilient in its daftness , reliable in its silliness , Despicable Me is on the threshold of franchise-status with this likable sequel .
A rare animated follow-up that makes a concerted effort to develop its characters beyond the established caricature .
Despicable Me 2 is like the second helping of over-rich cake pressed on you at a children 's birthday party , when you did n't want the first . Kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- may love it , though ...
Despicable Me , the animated supervillain comedy from 2010 , was an average flick with a neat enough premise . In Despicable Me 2 , it 's gone .
Despicable Me 2 should delight its Minion-like armies of small fans everywhere . Expect a long-running franchise .
The clue is in the title 's second word : for all its surreal laughs and madcap mayhem , Despicable Me 2 's family values are all about daddy .
By the end , every child in the audience will want his or her own monster-minion toy . Adults will just regret the way that Despicable Me 2 betrays the original film 's devotion to bad-guy gaiety .
Once again , there 's nothing here that 's particularly original or memorable , but the characters are endearing and the manic animation is relentlessly hilarious .
A watchable but ultimately disappointing animated comedy , thanks to a weak central performance , a plodding , frequently lazy script and a depressing lack of decent laughs .
A sequel that actually manages to improve on the original and establishes Gru & co as richly-detailed personalities who can be trusted to carry the franchise on .
Gru still has charm and kids will adore the Minions .
Its repetitive qualities are beyond reproach .
A pale imitation of its fresh and frisky predecessor .
Does n't quite reach the lunatic levels of the first film 's moon-stealing scheme , but despite its smaller scale it does manage to venture even further into daftness .
If Despicable Me 2 feels like little more than spectacular silliness , it 's hard not to admire a film with such a canny grasp of what its young audience wants .
Its hyperactive vibrancy is universally boredom-proof .
This sequel perhaps does n't recapture that feeling of freshness and originality of its predecessor , but there 's still an abundance of wit and humour on show to keep this animation ticking over nicely .
Despicable Me 2 is a delightful box of 3D delights , with dastardly villains , deliciously vicious beasties AND a genuinely sweet love story .
The adventure itself - chasing the villain - is full of misadventure and colourful chases , novelty numbers , cute asides and a whirlwind vocal performance by Wiig , a contempo Agent 99 figure to Gru 's Agent Smart-alike .
Mixing up its colourful characters into an inspired cocktail shaker , the film creates a spanking new premise in which evil allows goodness to soar .
While the new edition does n't quite catch that inspired spark , there 's still plenty to enjoy here courtesy of those zippy visuals and a pitch-perfect voice cast led by the innately animated Steve Carell .
While not quite as charming or unique as the original , `` Despicable Me 2 '' comes awfully close , extending co-directors Chris Renaud and Pierre Coffin 's delightfully silly sensibility to a bit larger universe .
A spot-on animated sequel that delivers the right balance of laughs and sentimentality ...
Directors Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud know what works in this Looney Toons meets Pixar universe , with vibrant colours , memorable characters and slapstick comedy wonderfully meshing together .



@highlight

Despicable Me 2 offers plenty of eye-popping visual inventiveness and a number of big laughs .