Curiously , the film 's key drawback -- its impassive resolution feels a little too slick -- is arguably indicative of the theme : no matter how much we may think we 're peeling back the layers , all we arrive at is another façade .
Thank You For Smoking gets much of its juice from a superb Aaron Eckhart as Nick Naylor .
The joke fizzles
Thank You For Smoking is an elegant satire , sneaky and subtle ...
played so amiably that you barely notice how prickly its barbs are until they have dug right in .
Leave your preconceptions at the door , prepare for your favourite causes to be skewered , and enjoy . This is one fun movie .
Reveling in politically incorrect humor , Reitman takes no prisoners in his debut feature that tackles everything from political hypocrisy to baby seals .
The rare film that stays within itself , mocking its obvious targets with the cool insouciance of mentholated tobacco .
... a real-life comedic drama that does n't preach so much as it encourages you to think for yourself lest you be bamboozled like the rest of the flock .
Thank You for Smoking scarcely seems able to recognize a character trait , let alone develop it .
The film clearly - and repeatedly - hammers home the point that in our culture , any viewpoint can be defended with the right tactics , regardless of truth or ethics .
Una sátira inteligente , oportuna , ambigua y bien actuada , pero mucho menos graciosa y menos polémica de lo que prometía .
The picture is obviously a satire , but it has no sharpness , no sense of daring .
click for full review -LSB- Greek -RSB-
An acerbically funny satire , Thank You For Smoking offers no filters as it mercilessly puffs out moral controversy and political incorrectness . It 's fast , witty and sharp , as the film lobbies for personal choice , hitting bulls-eyes in the underbellies of
The film shows its heart while shrewdly exposing the art of half-truth spinning and deflection .
This film about cigarettes is addictive as the substance and much more fun . It 's hard to believe that you could have compassion for someone who shills for Big Tobacco .
The result is the hippest comedy of the year .
There 's enough bite in the dialogue and performances to provoke a hacking cough of approval , and the laugh-out-loud moments are many , not least in scenes featuring Rob Lowe 's unctuous Hollywood agent .
Aiming at all targets and hitting none of them , the movie is as harmless and inconsequential as a candy cigarette .
Structural scrappiness aside , it remains a laudably amoral and superbly caustic comedy for those who like their satire strong and unfiltered .
Perhaps the film 's greatest success is in its ability to have us fall so madly in love with such a morally reprehensible lead character .
Enjoyable satire with a sharp script and strong performances , though it 's not quite focussed enough to really stick the knife in .
THANK YOU FOR SMOKING is really better as an essay on the gentle art of spin and of argument than it is as a story .
As a clear-eyed dissection of the dirty business of public relations , where `` if you argue correctly , you 're never wrong '' , it is pretty much peerless .
... a very funny , neatly executed comedy that for once does n't assume that every American is a blithering moron who thinks there 's nothing so delightful as pratfalls and flatulence .
... A rare example of filmed satire -- sharp , stinging and delicious
Even the good lines here last a self-congratulatory beat too long .
Superb acting and a willingness to be completely politically incorrect make the film work brilliantly .
There 's so much to admire about Thank You for Smoking , you savor it for the rare satire that it is .
It makes no apologies and takes no prisoners ; this is a film , after all , in which the hero is the chief lobbyist for Big Tobacco .
It 's not quite as dark a satire as `` Lord of War , '' and its protagonist 's jolly attitude , resembling -LRB- frighteningly -RRB- a more rational sort of Timothy Treadwell , does distract one ... But ... the movie is never in danger of being crushed by it 's own weight .
Refreshingly irreverent and briskly comic .
Go see it - reward the studios for doing it right .
The M.O.D. Squad 's honesty seems refreshing , and in this is also provides sharp contrast with film 's other fall guys -LRB- and they are legion -RRB- .
Wryly humorous and intelligently sarcastic .
Jason Reitman ... announces himself as a hot new talent with his sharp satire
Thank You For Smoking looks for laughs in a topic that is -LRB- literally -RRB- deadly serious . It finds them , and at the same time it also finds meaning .
One of those rare dark , funny films that actually stays true to itself through to the bitter end .
A buzzworthy proclamation about an individual 's freedom to choose , even if that choice we make is the wrong one .
Where there 's smoke , there 's brilliance .
It 's been a while since we were last treated to a satire as biting and funny as Thank You for Smoking .
In the end , all the pic has left to peddle is its own amoral cleverness .
delivers a breath of fresh air to the big screen -- 92 minutes of quality satire
Wryly irreverent , this cynical comedy about a tobacco lobbyist is a merciless smoke screen .
Writer-director Jason Reitman crafted a satire as smooth as a long drag on an excellent Cuban cigar .
Bolstered by outrageous humor , Thank You for Smoking grazes the main players and bystanders discussing national welfare from their own self-interest .
-LSB- C -RSB- omparable to the great 1940s comedies of Preston Sturges , who took no prisoners while skewering the pompous , the powerful and the corrupt , yet remained utterly nonpartisan .
a comedy both as dark as a black lung and as illuminating as a stadium full of flicked lighters .
As refreshing as a mid-morning cancer-stick break .
... rolls along at a feverish pace , with most of the cast hurling one-liners and bright banter as if they were in a 1930s-style sophisticated comedy .
It is almost as if the plot and character development are nagging afterthoughts , actually getting in the way of the satire .
Writer-director Jason Reitman does n't just fire killshots at paper targets . He punches up Christopher Buckley 's buckshot prose with invigorating ideas and grounded relationships .
Unusually sophisticated -- and frequently hilarious -- satire on spin-doctoring .
a film that knows that when it comes to the American culture wars , there 's enough blame , and humor , to spread around .
Well-made , but it should be harsher : This is mentholated satire that does n't get into your lungs , much less your bloodstream .
a rare breed of incisive , razor-sharp satire with charming life lessons for the family
A snarkily playful little comedy that gets so wrapped up in its own barbed witticisms that it fails to land even the lightest sucker-punches on the black , bleak big business institutions it aims to skewer .
Much of the fun of Thank You for Smoking comes from its letter-perfect casting .
With a smart , incisive script , Reitman attracted a fabulous cast .
Deliciously nasty , naughty satire .
A collection of good jokes looking for a plot , Thank You works best as a character study of a contentedly amoral man .
A smart , funny and often perceptive work that bodes well for the future career of screenwriter/director Jason Reitman .
Fierce , fast and funny , a triumph for Jason Reitman as the director and writer who adapted Christopher Buckley 's novel .
... a movie that 's definitely smokin ' . In more ways than one .
Eckhart ably carries the weight of the movie , wide smile and dimpled chin set firmly in every scene .
Nick Naylor is a much cooler Spin Doctor than the ones who sang Little Miss Ca n't be Wrong back in 1991 .
I 'd be more apt to label Thank You for Smoking as an anti-lobbyist movie , but the filmmakers really only take shots at the one side of the lobby .
Whip-smart and very funny , even if its efforts to skewer everyone on both sides of the smoking debate end up coming off as a little glib .
Conveniently for Reitman , Buckley 's satire has grown even more pointed in the years since its publication , as that culture has only flourished . Also conveniently for Reitman , early indications are that he 's a solid director .
The comic conceit and a star-making turn by Eckhart , a star in the making since In the Company of Men in 1997 , are their own reward .
Eckhart is a pliant conduit for the sentiment , or lack thereof , rampaging through the scenes with the viciousness of Michael Douglas in `` Wall Street . ''
A pitch-perfect lampoon not only of the nicotine industry but of a culture in which putting your personal ethics up for sale is the most tempting bad habit of all .
When the smoke clears , what 's most visible is the emergence of Aaron Eckhart as a major talent .
Whether you 're a political junkie , smoker , entrepreneur or film fan , you 'll love this movie .
When it is funny , it is really funny .
Reitman , still in his 20s , knows something that many more seasoned directors never figure out : how to make audiences laugh along with a film that 's laughing at itself .
Watch it and light up , mentally .
It 's filled with nice little moments of trenchant drollery , kind of like a really good political humor blog .
Literate and smirky in its assault on liars and fools across the map .
In the end , Nick and the world in which he traffics ends up a comic interpretation of a serious situation , and while the amoral ambiguity of the entire film is intriguing for a while , in the end you realize this patient has no pulse .
To Reitman 's credit , the director does not allow Thank You for Smoking to take the turn we would expect .
Enjoyable not only because it shows the duplicity of spinning but because it allows its characters to revel in the joy they experience as contemporary con artists .
The book had a fearlessness that the movie version so lacks .
A fun , smart film . But you ca n't help but wish Thank You would bare its fangs a little more .
Funny enough movie but not much there there .
To watch the film is to feel the delicious discomfort of being seduced by a devilish charmer .
If anyone tries to tell you that Thank You for Smoking is a scorching satire of Big Tobacco , just tell them , well , that they 're blowing smoke .
A smart-aleck satire with something on its mind is always welcome .
Intelligent and witty from start to finish and by far the best satire comedy of the year .
Though it soft-pedals the venom and comes across more as adolescently smart - *** rather than truly abrasive , it 's still amusing .
Cute , clever , and quirky . The film 's makers seem so much more interested in making fun , than choosing sides .
Eckhart , in a sure-handed performance , holds the picture together .
Writer-director Jason Reitman , here adapting Buckley 's 1994 lampoon of the tobacco lobby , understands that the author 's verbal slapstick and pyrotechnical plot turns are both smart and broad .
... a sly , smart and very funny caricature of corporate politics and image culture .
Like a breath of fresh air , Thank You for Smoking takes an unapologetic and satirical swipe at the establishment ; no one is left unscathed .
Having fun with smoking .
The story of Thank You for Smoking resides in that libertarian netherworld where the far left and the far right march shoulder to shoulder .
It is a thinking man 's comedy that is intelligent enough to look at all sides and make fun of everyone equally .
... indulges in the sort of relentless cynicism that is only born of defeat .
It 's a movie that is n't afraid to inhale , and to do so deeply .
Thank You for Smoking is a glib satire with a slick surface , lots of snappy patter and nothing to sell but its own cleverness .
-LSB- Jason -RSB- Reitman makes an amazingly confident feature debut . Thank You for Smoking is funny stuff .
Thank You For Smoking is not big , or great , or earth-shattering , but it is exceedingly rare -- an astute and witty comedy that will make adults laugh .
It 's a witty , culturally relevant way of showing that with so much unethical behavior in society , the war on BS will continue to burn .
Thank You For Smoking is a wise , cruel and very funny take on the endless spinning of truth that is a hallmark of current society .
We know that cigarettes are dangerous for our health . The surprise is that , with a movie supposedly about freedom of thought , too much thinking can be dangerous for our superficial enjoyment .
Smoking almost too accurately mirrors reality instead of distorting it . It cuts not just to the funny bone , but deeper , to the heart of America .
Like its protagonist , the movie is smart , soulless , glib , and utterly charming -- just the thing to warm up a movie season that 's been late to bloom .
It 's a lot of fun .
I found it incredibly challenging to get excited about Reitman 's vision , especially when his satiric targets are exceedingly stale , toothless , and some way too cutesy for a film that looks to draw blood .
Eckhart demonstrates genuine comic talent here , drawing laughs with a sharp satirical edge that Reitman 's script and direction keep spot on .
Here is a satire both savage and elegant , a dagger instead of a shotgun . Thank You for Smoking targets the pro-smoking lobby with a dark appreciation of human nature .
Does n't wear its message on its sleeve and does n't particularly care if anyone gets the point . It just wants to be good and funny .
Thank You For Smoking , the low-tar adaptation of Christopher Buckley 's satirical novel , never feels as if it 's been fully absorbed by the screen .
Besides being the best American comedy since The 40 Year-Old Virgin , Thank You For Smoking is the first film in a long time with a true gift of gab .
Light on the contemporaneous insight , it is instead , like Inside Man , doing the you-Nietzsche/it - Abyss polka .
There is something to offend just about everyone in THANK YOU FOR SMOKING , even foodies , and that 's a compliment
Jason Reitman 's wickedly droll and irreverent comedy is a politically incorrect breath of fresh air .
What makes the movie curiously timely is its emphasis on the process of spin as opposed to the moral content of what is being spun .
Thank You for Smoking tries very hard but fails to succeed in creating a biting satire .
Reitman 's inability to pay off on any of the film 's skeletal sub-plots leaves Aaron Eckhart holding the narrative bag even if the capable actor carries the movie on his brawny shoulders like an obsolete Atlas .
Aaron Eckhart is so good in his performance . Everybody 's terrific . The writing is funny . And the directing is top-notch .
Eckhart is a perfect antihero , melding the abhorrent masochism of In the Company of Men with the endearing biker-with-a-heart-of-gold of Erin Brockovich .
Aaron Eckhart is fleet of foot and prolific with patter as the aptly named Naylor , but his high wire act ultimately can not hide the fact that writer/director Jason Reitman 's feature debut is as glib as Naylor 's tongue .
Not since American Psycho 's Patrick Bateman has there been a character so despicable and lovable at the same time
What we 've got here is a valentine to everything that 's bad about American government and the joys of political correctness . It works too !
Eckhart is dazzling as a born phony almost brought low by believing his own lies , and he 's matched at every turn by a stellar supporting cast .
Reitman manages his big , accomplished cast with a firm hand and provides enough snappy dialogue , sharp visuals , and droll observations to override the movie 's lapses .
Reitman makes shrewd choices condensing the book , removing conspiracy subplots and adding a story line about the relationship between Nick and his son , Joey -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- .
Despite many funny bits , Thank You for Smoking is ultimately too nice .
One of the most entertaining riffs on American culture in years .
A very smart and funny movie .
Sleek , clever and cocky as its anti-heroic protagonist .
A superficial satire of spin-doctoring and political correctness that is spottily amusing but ultimately about as satisfying as a nicotine patch for a chronic smoker .
Warning : This film may cause you to laugh at things you feel you should n't , but it 's not detrimental to your health in any way , shape , or form -LRB- honest -RRB- .
A snappy satire about smoking , corporate shenanigans , and the spin that keeps everything rolling along in these amoral realms .
just captivating enough to take your mind off the incredibly un-PC stance that it takes on hardcore issues
In the end , the satire reveals itself as wishful thinking .
I 'm not ready to celebrate a filmmaker with the ` audacity ' to say there 's hypocrisy in American social discourse . Does it take daring to cut down these not-so-sacred cows ?
Rob Lowe is genius . That 's right , I said it . Genius .
A scathing satire ... If there 's a lesson , it 's that spinning your fellow Americans is the real national pastime -- the greater problem is when you spin yourself .
-LSB- Tends -RSB- to overstate itself -- both in its concerns and its humor . Eckhart , though , consistently brings the movie to the viewer 's level .
It 's a brilliantly cunning and charming turn , one of the actor 's very best , and as he 's in nearly every single scene of the motion picture that 's a very good thing indeed .
Thank You for Smoking is as attention grabbing and superficial as Chicago 's razzle-dazzle . Billy Flynn would be so proud .
one of the funniest , most intelligent satires to come out of Hollywood in years , and assaults everyone in its path .
It gets points not only for showcasing the hypocrisy of the cigarette industry , but also for stressing the importance of the rights of the individual . Plus , it 's got one other thing you can put in your pipe and smoke -- it 's funny .
That quirky and intelligent rarity that elicits wry smiles and hearty laughs alike .
The screenplay crackles with intelligence and insight , not just about the workings of Washington , but also about friends , parenting , work , tough choices , paying the mortgage , and , of course freedom and personal responsibility .
Glibly funny and eager to please , the film version of Christopher Buckley 's novel Thank You for Smoking is not unlike the down-and-dirty habit of its title .
Snarky and enjoyable , but it could have been a ferocious black comedy . No Thank You For Playing It Safe .
Filtered too heavily with moral redemption .
These days , if one has to settle for rueful laughs honestly earned , then one can do a whole lot worse than Thank You for Smoking .
... only occasionally amusing , despite a solid performance from Eckhart .
Its true strengths -LSB- go -RSB- beyond the easy jokes : asking why someone might choose to do what Naylor does and how they can look at themselves in the mirror each morning .
-LSB- Thank You For Smoking is -RSB- , for better and worse , as uniformly rolled as a machine-made Marlboro .
A hilarious and intelligent comedy ... Perhaps the best part of the picture is that part that is n't there . The film never pulls its punches .
Thank You For Smoking has an unrelenting energy that never pauses for moral tongue-clucking .
The film works , sometimes brilliantly , at seriously exposing the flaws and hypocrisy within American government and business .
The first comedy of 2006 aimed at people who like to flex their brain muscles .
A satiric masterwork , not simply because of its subject matter but because of the brilliantly witty , fast-moving dialogue and spot-on performances .
It 's an under-flogged axiom of American business -- if only Jason Reitman 's movie had more muscle in its whip arm .
Despite its many strengths , Thank You for Smoking hovers around mediocrity , and its lasting impression is like a puff of smoke that is dissipated by a strong gust of wind .
Tediously subscribes to a cover-your - *** school of social comedy in which everyone and everything prove fair game for ridicule .
Ethics never get in the way of the jokes . Both sides of the political fence will feel royally skewered .
Though a bit shallow and only sporadically really sharp , this well-acted and stylishly looking social satire is fast-moving and entertaining enough to overcome its weaknesses .
A straight-faced dark satire ... . Confident , razor-sharp comedy .
Reitman spares no one in this enjoyably cynical , merciless comedy , which is often so funny , you do n't have time to notice how utterly bleak it is , too .
Reitman is at his best when observing the state of debate in modern politics . He also gives the film a peppy , professional sheen . But he still has a lot to learn about storytelling .
Witty , skilled writing/directing feature debut by Jason Reitman .
A comedy likely to delight both mainstream and art-house audiences .
... a pleasant enough way to kill 92 minutes -LRB- although one has to imagine that Buckley 's book packed more of a punch than this -RRB- .
You do n't expect this kind of thing from a comedy , unless it was made by the Coen brothers .
An entertaining satire on contemporary morality that skewers corporate spin culture , political correctness and that most rhetorical of concepts in Bush 's America , personal freedom .
The movie is amusing and clever but only skin deep .






@highlight

Loaded with delightfully unscrupulous characters and and a witty , cynical script , Thank You For Smoking is a sharp satire with a brilliantly smarmy lead performance from Aaron Eckhart .