While the remake might not hold a candle to the 1990 interpretation of the material , it can stand on its own as a solid action movie .
Total Recall is like Bourne Identity met Blade Runner , then had an ugly tabloid breakup followed by a nervous breakdown and a tell-all book .
... it was awful .
Suffice to say , you 're best off forgetting this sorry mess ever happened .
There are so many opportunities to make a remake better , but this film did n't attempt none of them .
The very fast , very loud , very dynamic , very cartoony-violent ` Total Recall ' remake will make you feel like you 've been hit in the face with a brick for two hours .
Bland all the way through , from dialogue to action and everything in between . It 's not a missed opportunity - just a total waste of time .
Beckinsale is the only cast member who comes out rosey here , and frankly I would n't mind a spin off movie about her character .
A generic , inconsequential sci-fi caper that looks slick and has a famous title , and offers little else , no matter how many nipples the whores have .
It would rather be a blockbuster than a mind-bender . It turns out to be neither .
More or less serviceable action thriller with some nice ideas for visual set pieces , but did it really have to be as long as it is ?
Messing with memories is how you forget that a better version of Total Recall happened 22 years ago .
If there had never been an ` original ' Total Recall , the reaction to Wiseman 's version would surely have been a lot less frosty . Because in and of itself , it 's a decent enough sci-fi action flick - severely flawed , but a lot of fun .
Visually , the 2012 remake is better than the original , with interesting set and background designs , decent enough futuristic vehicles , and superb special effects . The plot is another story .
Wiseman makes mildly pretty films , full of blues and grays and lens flares , but they 're the definition of bland .
-LSB- D -RSB- irector Len Underworld Wiseman 's least hacktackular movie yet , which is n't to say that it 's quality entertainment , but it is some solid B-grade processed-cheese-product movie junk food .
While far from terrible , this retread forgoes any qualities to justify its existence in the first place . It will be justly forgotten before long .
A remake that 's well-worth missing .
This new version of Total Recall is the cinematic equivalent of a vibrator : it is whirling , sleek , shiny and utterly artificial , yet it gets you where you need to go .
A bright and shiny slice of blockbuster sci-fi that 's so dazzling it makes tender love to your retinas but so underwhelming it practically wipes itself from your memory the instant it 's over .
Delivers a serviceable piece of updated movie product .
Enough visual spectacle to make viewers wish they had three eyeballs but thin characters and a convoluted story ultimately undermine Wiseman 's successes .
Total Recall is it 's own beast - one that needs to be caged off and held at arm 's length . It is a mess , a wasteful rethink that was never needed and lousy movie at worst .
Humorless , glossy , bland as milk , generic and instantly forgettable .
`` Total Recall '' is a totally unnecessary remake of a moderately amusing sci-fi thriller from 1990 . The 2012 version starring Colin Farrell is about as memorable as yesterday 's lunch .
Engaging visual effects do n't make up for a banal script and paper-thin characters .
Total Recall is nothing more than a lazy , dull , soulless studio effort wrapped up in an enticing sci-fi landscape .
What we end up with is a forgettable , monotonous reimagining that was wholly unnecessary .
A sci-fi action movie that wears its influences loudly , what Total Recall lacks in originality it makes up in its brooding tech-world action noir spectacle .
Recall the original .
Director Wiseman invests this sci-fi action remake with plenty of visual whizzery even as he seems to miss the point of the story
The style is cut and pasted from other movies , and without a stronger sense of the characters and story , there 's not much else to see here
The best-looking but most unengaging film this year .
A dull movie .
It 's funny it 's a movie about old memories , because Wiseman 's remake plays like a film half-remembered .
The visuals are top-notch and some of the action scenes stand out , including a chase with flying cars . There 's just no pressing reason for its existence .
It often feels as if Wiseman is not sure whether he 's remaking Total Recall or the exceptionally influential Blade Runner , Ridley Scott 's 1982 adaptation of another Dick story .
Directorial brio and eye-popping special effects hold our interest when there is nothing on screen to fire our little grey cells .
We used to do the future so much better . Let 's not forget that . Let 's forget this instead .
Wiseman loves a chase - the film is littered with them - but forgets the rest . The author Philip K Dick would not be impressed , although Farrell emerges unscathed .
So much talent in the service of such a forgettable film .
The effects , action and set are all terrific , with Colin Farrell on great form as the determined spy up against his lethal wife .
Most of it looks rather too much like Ridley Scott 's classic , Blade Runner .
Beckinsale is laughable as the kick ass vengeful wife with clipped Brit accent , high-heeled boots and flouncy hair . Not since War Horse has a mane of hair swished as much on screen .
Recalls Ridley Scott 's Blade Runner and Christopher Nolan 's Inception , without , sadly being quite as distinctive as either .
Your mind is n't playing tricks . You have seen this before .
People got up , left and returned , casually , without urgency or guilt , as though passing the time between trains : it clearly did not remotely thrill them .
I enjoyed its clever gadgets , like a palm phone and the way cars travel in the sky using magnetism , and the impressive action scenes , well shot by Beckinsale 's director husband Len Wiseman .
An entirely pointless remake thanks to a messy script , a lack of chemistry between the three leads and a failure to grasp what made the original film so enjoyable in the first place .
It 's escapism that is itself trapped in a prison of risk-phobic , formulaic filmmaking .
Ultimately , it 's a totally watchable action thriller but not the film it could and should have been .
There 's just not that much to recall .
Just another dumb , needless remake to add to the pile .
` Total Recall ' is Hollywood at its worst : pointless , witless , and so very unnecessary .
A slick , high-tech , fabulously designed popcorn pusher . Yet the one big thing missing from the lark is the one thing that made the Arnold Schwarzenegger film so enjoyable - fun .
Perhaps no more absurd than the Verhoeven version , but certainly less amusing .
Provides nothing but unhappy memories
This is Total Recall written by someone who once overheard two teenage boys discussing Arnold Schwarzenegger ...
There 's much to enjoy here ...
The film 's downfall lies in its inability to do anything more than titillate with a continuous series of chase sequences .
What 's missing - besides the fact the movie never goes to Mars , as the original did - is the loony , over-the-top panache Verhoeven brought to the story . It 's a serviceable action thriller , but not a memorable one .
An all-out barrage of special effects that borders on a bludgeoning .
With a new generation of visual effects at his command , director Len Wiseman has the ability to paint on a broader canvas , but since we see this caliber of movie magic on a regular basis it 's no longer an Event .
It 's difficult to review this film without comparing it to the 1990 original because it highlights what specifically is so wrong with this version .
Wiseman 's style is superficially grittier , reliant on desaturated colours , whip pans and lens flare . Yet the film 's dystopian setting is blatantly derivative of sci-fi classics from Metropolis to Blade Runner .
The physical glory goes to Beckinsale and Biel who slug it out ferociously . The only problem is that in the clinches it 's difficult to tell them apart . Not that it matters . Nothing does .
With the closing credits , memory erasure is guaranteed .
Colin Farrell is an unlikely hero ; Bill Nighy is a laughable resistance leader . Kate Beckinsale - who rushes around like a harpy - is director Len Wiseman 's wife , but I do n't think he 's done much for her career .
Len Wiseman 's remake of Paul Verhoeven 's 1990 sci-fi cult classic is dull , repetitive and uninspired , despite a big budget and an attractive cast .
All that can be recommended here are a few fleeting glimpses of a fun and funky future for consumer technology .
Shows little interest in the reality-bending ambiguities of the original , and is content to tell a pretty straight-forward -LRB- read : dull -RRB- spy story .
On the whole it 's an enjoyable film , and a big step up from some of the muddled , self-important sci-fi flicks that have come out this year . Definitely worth a watch .
Had he recalled the past with greater respect rather than crassly exploiting it for meagre present gain , Wiseman may have made a better film .
Len Wiseman 's remake improves on it -LSB- the original -RSB- many ways , though in other ways , it 's slightly inferior . If only we could have combined the best parts of both !
Paul Verhoeven 's celebrated 1990 sci-fi/thriller Total Recall -LSB- ... -RSB- is neither butchered nor bested by Len Wiseman 's modernisation .
Forgettable .
If this really is the dream Douglas Quaid paid for , he should ask for his money back .
`` Bryan Cranston 's hair , '' is the answer to many a question , now , chief among them , `` What is the only good reason to see Total Recall ? ''
Relentless in its use of camera , editing and music to keep our engines revving in top gear , so much so we tend to flood our carburettors
With Mars no longer represented as a destination , the overall mood has changed from a sci-fi adventure to yet another big explosion action thriller with a loud music score and derivation from countless movies
Well , if you 're looking for a walk down memory lane -LRB- ooh , a `` Total Recall '' pun -RRB- , unless you like the occasional extra boob you 're going to be sadly disappointed .
A solidly entertaining blast of summer movie spectacle .
... a rip-snorting , nonstop , high tension experience that starts fast and ends faster .
... a rip-snorting , nonstop , high tension experience that starts fast and ends faster .
As lackluster and needless a remake as one might 've feared ...
It 's more about memory than anything . If you recall the original , you 're going to wonder why this remake was developed . If you do n't , you 'll wonder what the big deal is about this so-so actioner .
Even with low expectations , you 'll find this a wretched experience .
Along with polish , we also get pedestrianism .
-LRB- The earlier versions -RRB- do n't matter -LRB- since -RRB- the story revolves around the unreliability of memory , and its substitution by another ... . Wiseman 's is a different take on the topic , and a pretty good one at that .
Pfffffffffft !!!!
Len Wiseman and Kate Beckinsale are the Lucy and Desi of overstuffed action/adventure movies .
While Wiseman 's latest sports its fair share of implausibilities in science , plotting and characterization , this update is n't meant so much to be taken seriously as it is to be taken in and enjoyed . In that sense , Total Recall is memorable enough .
Enjoyable , if brainless , summer fare .
Perhaps it is hypocritical of me since I 've complained about copycat remakes , but I was disappointed Wiseman did n't give us the most famous line from the original .
... features an imaginative futuristic vision compromised by a convoluted script that takes itself too seriously .
Kate Beckinsale makes an okay film have some above average moments .
There 's plenty of bright , shiny stuff to look at and impressive punches and kicks , but the movie never gets fun .
Considering what a commanding majority of the film 's running time is made up of large-scale action scenes and chases in CGI environments , it 's disastrous that only one of them is any good .
Colin Farrell is the blandest of leading men ; a credible actor , but charisma-deficient - no matter how many times the studios tell us he 's a star .
`` Total Recall '' is a toned-down , smoothed-out version of an amped-up , bug-eyed classic .
the heavy-lidded Farrell makes perfect sense as the futureworld Rip Van Winkle ... the robot army could have marched in from a ` Star Wars ' clone . I 'd gladly trade it for an exploding Fat Lady and a Johnnycab .
The look of the sci-fi universe , and good action sequences make up for the near pointless plot .
... the machines from I , Robot hitch a ride on the magma train from The Core to invade the world of Blade Runner for the benefit of the citizens living in The Fifth Element ?
... ignores all the fun and takes itself very seriously , but does n't have the richness of ideas to back it up . In the end , the new Total Recall does n't improve on the old one , it just waters it down .
A two-hour chase film but an intriguing one where human figures get blended into a fast-moving digital world .
Kate Beckinsale moves like a freaking predator ... -LSB- that 's -RSB- predator with a lower case ` p. '
Warning : Excessive use of lens flares may cause confusion , frustration , facial distortion , distraction from story , and tarnishing of what could have been impressive visual effects .
I would suggest that Original Films change their name to Deja Vu Productions .
The movie is relentless in its narrative monotony . It especially devotes an ungodly amount of screen time to a series of endless chases -- so many , in fact , that I had to wonder if the performers were being paid by the mile .
No Arnold , no personality .
A total waste of time ... and best forgotten .
After a fast start it runs out of ideas and energy .
The original Total Recall never laid any claim to being a more accurate PKD adaptation , but at least there was a sense of humor to even out its ludicrous premise .
The age-old question of what makes us who we are is one that is endlessly fascinating , ... even if the dialogue is neither sparkling nor thudding , but occupies a disappointing middle ground in a film that has a bad tendency to flirt with lethargy
This is a taut , serviceable sci-fi thriller with a couple of neat visual ideas , and if you 're not familiar with either the Schwarzenegger version or the original story , the brain-bending twists alone will take you a reasonably long way .
A lot of fun in its own way ; a big , flashy summer movie with loads of incredibly cool high-tech ideas standing in for good character-driven ones .
For all of you in search of a dark , humorless dystopian tale , one that 's an inept remake of a celebrated sci-fi epic ... one that would be hard to differentiate from a computer game , look no further .
Casting and visuals are an upgrade , but we get far too many action sequences and not enough of the mind games .
In order to qualify as a Guilty Pleasure , a bad movie needs to be at least half pleasurable . This falls short .
When it was over , I did n't feel energized ; I was worn down .
a passable early-August actioner with some exciting scenes and enough of the original 's spirit to make it work
It 's like shoving streamers and sparklers in a huge pile of crap and trying to pass it off as a party ; no matter what you do to it it 's still crap .
I was no particular fan of the first Total Recall , but I confess that this flat , by-the-numbers remake made me a tad nostalgic for its bombastic preposterousness .
Everything about it feels designed by committee , almost as though studio suits were more responsible for the film 's creative direction than the actual filmmakers .
Total Recall not a total remake . But it is total action .
The amount of lens flares in this movie is awe inspiring .
Whatever tug Total Recall has on the imagination comes from the vague sense we 've seen it all before . And seen it better : from Christopher Nolan 's Inception to Ridley Scott 's Blade Runner .
Director Len Wiseman is good on action , and Patrick Tatopoulus 's dystopic production design is within hailing distance of Blade Runner , his chief influence . But essentially this is a big-screen video game .
Could have been a terrific mind trip down memory lanes . Guilty pleasure if it 's your thing . It 's just not mine .
Formerly a fun , dumb , R-rated , Arnold Schwarzenegger movie , this is now a PG-13 , CGI Cheese Whiz exercise in remaking a famous-title with a second-tier cast .
Wiseman has no interest in telling this story via words or emotions . He can advance things only by propulsion , through an incessant series of fights , chases and shootouts .
Where Paul Verhoeven 's original was testosterone-stupid and , therefore , fun , Wiseman 's film is just boring-stupid .
Farrell is confident and competent regardless of the situation ; there never seems to be any real threat of him coming out alive .
After watching the new ` Total Recall , ' you 'll want the memory of another , better movie implanted in your head .
It is fun but Arnold enthusiasts might nitpick it to the point of no return and it is understandable . It is nothing new , follows the same beats but I thought it was a nice rendition . I still do n't understand why it was made .
There are clear nods to the previous film but it does n't hit you over the head with them ; thus this one feels like it 's own movie . I thoroughly enjoyed myself if this film . Wiseman 's best .
Mixes unimaginative action , halfhearted political allegory and a general air of `` why are we doing this again ? ''
While an adequate futuristic chase movie ... it has no particular distinction . The most notable thing about this take on remembering is how forgettable it is .
Decent enough as an action pic but sorely needing some Schwarzenegger `` magic . '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Those who buy a ticket to Total Recall may not go in expecting a generic Bourne sequel , but that 's about what they 'll be getting - just set in a Blade Runner universe made of giant gray Lego blocks .
When it 's over , there 's not much worth recalling .
The weight of Recall 's mystery is suffocated in a series of fist fights , hovercar pile-ups , and foot chases pulled straight out of the latest platformer video game .
A sci-fi adventure that first seems rather harmless and mediocre until one realizes that it completely fails one of the most important tests of a remake - it never justifies its existence .
Between Beckinsale 's feral killer , and Cranston 's mix of wry humor with authoritarian villainy , this smart update streams like a bullet train . Kudos to filmmakers , who do it all sans the 3D/IMAX frills .
You 'll be lucky to remember anything about this new one when you wake up the morning after seeing it .
Only with a remake of a movie called `` Total Recall '' can we get something so utterly familiar . Like déjà vu all over again `` Recall -LRB- 2012 -RRB- '' is less intelligent and even more recycled than its predecessor .
A two-hour-long chase scene that leaves you breathless . I wish I could say that 's a recommendation . Please note that I do n't .
The effects look great , but is that even worth noting when smart high-schoolers can make monsters on their laptops ? What movie 's effects do n't look great these days ?
There 's a simple rule to follow in a good recipe . Do n't mess with the ingredients or what you get will not be as good as the original .
Buried in the plot are Dick-ian themes of class mobility , where new memories offer an alternative past and a whole other identity . But Wiseman 's Total Recall does n't bother much with philosophical issues , preferring just to blow things up real good .
Altogether , it makes for a noisy , 100-mile-an-hour action fest , perhaps a notch more mentally challenging than your average Jason Statham film .
Today 's Total Recall does nothing to tarnish the image of yesterday 's - 22 years from now , I expect it to be hailed as a classic .
If you share its desire for straight adrenaline , the ride works .
I kept thinking : `` Yes , that was surprising to me in 1990 . ''
While it may not be a fully realized take on Dick 's forward-thinking work , it 's still a far better film than the Verhoeven version .
In the final half-hour ... it downshifts from innovative sci-fi thriller to standard action tale .
A sold action film where director Len Wiseman and the writing team avoid the trap of trying to be more meaningful or thoughtful than necessary .
A perfectly workmanlike sci-fi action thriller ... but there are so many little nods to the original that anyone with a passing awareness of it is reminded all too often of its memorable moments .
A sad carbon copy , devoid of any flair and existing mainly to get people to see the first one again .
This may be Wiseman 's best movie yet , yet it 's only the second-best Total Recall .
As much as the inner fanboy in me wanted to say that they should have never remade TOTAL RECALL , the openminded critic in me found plenty to like here .
A summer movie spectacle you 'll sit through and by the time you leave the parking lot , you 'll be hard pressed to think of anything you liked about it .
A fun , fast-moving story that will entertain and occasionally amaze you .
Looks as good as can be , but , as is so often the sad case with big-budget Hollywood bonanzas , there 's a precious absence of brains to go along with the diverting imagery .
Wiseman does his best to freshen things up , and in some cases , he actually improves upon the original , but you can never quite shake that feeling of déjà vu .
Logic is in short supply in Total Recall .
For all of its dazzlingly rendered cityscapes and nonstop action , this revamped `` Total Recall '' is a bland thing - bloodless , airless , humorless , featureless . With or without the triple-bosomed prostitute .
Wiseman may lack a bold singular vision , but he tries to make up for it with sheer density , effort and expense .
It honors the earlier version , sometimes directly , sometimes with a cheeky twist and includes a bit of existential rumination about memory , identity , and redemption .
The fun is fun while it lasts , it just does n't last long enough .
Soulless , bombastic and numbingly repetitive ...
Does Total Recall succeed as a movie ? Sure . But unfortunately , the movie never quite succeeds as Total Recall .
You 'll want to remember the sci-fi futurescape but forget the plot in this `` Recall '' reboot .
Wiseman directs his film as if it 's a shark ... But really , it 's more of a carp , shiny and pretty but fat and dopey , fed on nothing but scavenged leftovers .
The remake has no grace notes , or grace , no nuance , no humanity , no character quirks , no surprises in the dialogue and no humor ...
The new Total Recall is a series of set pieces whose CGI environments trump narrative logic .
Farrell is a bland presence at the center of a surprisingly bland movie .
Not as smart as the previous Total Recall , but slicker , sexier , and a lot more energetic .
As much as I enjoy the idea of revisiting the three-breasted prostitute , I believe a completely new take -LRB- or one slavish to Dick 's original work -RRB- would 've resulted in a livelier , more enticing film .
Strip away the video-game visual effects , the endless chases and zero gravity shootouts , and Total Recall comes down to this : What is reality ?
`` Total Recall '' is a doggone good time , with a bunch of nifty technical and visual flourishes , competently managed plot twists and elegant , Wachowski-esque action choreography ...
This premise contains the seeds of an interesting economic and political allegory , but the ambitions of the filmmakers - Len Wiseman directed a script by Kurt Wimmer and Mark Bomback - lie in the direction of maximum noise and minimum sense .
I completely lost track of the so-called plot - something about a dystopian dictator and a revolutionary leader , with Farrell as a secret agent somewhere in between , trying to figure out where his true loyalties lie .
There 's plenty to excite the eye , but the mind remains unboggled . It 's all visuals and no vision .
With Total Recall you get a lot of eye candy but no real meat and potatoes
The new Total Recall fails on the most basic levels : Its characters are dull , and its action is duller .
There 's something sadly poetic about a movie dealing with disappearing memories that vanishes from your mind while you watch it .
In the end , here 's the worst sin of this slick , high-octane memory play : It 's forgettable .
`` Total Recall '' may not become the same pop cinema benchmark as its predecessor , but it 's far better .
The Total Recall reboot is a futuristic fiasco , two hours you 'll never get back - and every minute is a bad memory .
In the end , the film is devoid of sense or sensibility .
Engaging enough , although not entirely satisfying from either a genre or narrative standpoint , lacking both substance and a degree of imagination .
The richly constructed first hour is so superior to any feat of sci-fi speculation since `` Minority Report '' that the bland aftertaste of the chase finale is quickly forgotten .
Questions , questions nip at Len Wiseman 's Total Recall like so many rats at the feet of a sleeping hobo . The big Why is Why bother ?
Wiseman keeps a lot of balls juggling smoothly , and he knows how to put together a Hong Kong-style action sequence , with Farrell making like Jackie Chan .
Reimaging of the 1990 movie `` inspired by '' a Philip K. Dick short story should please fans of nonstop action sequences punctuated by the occasional scrap of narrative exposition , rather than lovers of PKD 's dense , allusive brand of speculative writing .
Wiseman shows more care in laying out his bleak future society and action set pieces than trying to unearth the existential anxiety that his film 's storyline provokes .
Nice eye candy and a game cast does n't make up for the utter lack of tension or excitement . This 2012 version of TOTAL RECALL is purely recycled , lifeless entertainment .
The new version , with its humorless dialogue and Farrell 's smoldering performance , suffers from a self-seriousness that undercuts any genre pleasures . But the action is thrilling and the futuristic setting superbly realized .
`` Total Recall '' plays directly into the hands of metaphor-wielding critics eager to highlight how a movie about a man recovering his memory can manage to be quite so forgettable .
A major disappointment , this remake has litle to do with the much admired 1990 original , and every element in it , including the action , is second rate .
Totally Entertaining .
... the creator of the `` Underworld '' series has made a a dreary looking action flick short on logic and human connection . This `` Total Recall '' is instantly forgettable .
Wiseman 's film dispenses with the pop-culture-laden irony in favor of blazingly fast action and a disorienting editing style that -- more often than not -- makes your head spin . And not necessarily in a good way , either .
Crazy new gadgets , vigorous action sequences and a thorough production-design makeover are n't enough to keep Total Recall from feeling like a near-total redundancy .
More exciting than Verhoeven fans might expect , Wiseman 's Total reboot wo n't betray your fond memories of its iconic predecessor .
Wisemen is totally uninterested in the very thing that makes Total Recall interesting .
What the film lacks in originality , it makes up for with some of the grittiest slam-bang action scenes you 're likely to see this summer .
Glum , heavily borrowed from other films , with murkily shot action sequences , it has none of the nutty brio of the original .
Instead of a thinking man 's film , we get a glorified and soulless chase film , one girded not so much by deep thoughts or clever plotting but by visual razzle-dazzle .
It does n't forget its roots . It simply overwrites them with some new memories .
Screams ` generic hackwork , ' except ` work ' more fittingly describes the experience of watching it than the effort put into it .
Wisemen 's film is a soulless mess , reminiscent of the unwatchable `` Matrix '' sequels , while Verhoeven 's movie remains a dazzling carnival .
Its only evident passion is for excessive lens flares .
The talented and fiercely physical Biel 's musculature is more expressive than most of the dialogue .
`` Total Recall '' is well-crafted , high energy sci-fi . Like all stories inspired by Philip K. Dick , it deals with intriguing ideas . It never touched me emotionally , though , the way the 1990 film did , and strictly speaking , is n't necessary .
Despite all the effects , the action and the showcase performance created for his wife , Kate Beckinsale , director Len Wiseman never lets us forget that he 's no Paul Verhoeven .
This update ... may be more high tech and ostentatious , but it pales in comparison to the crazy quilt camp of the original .
Slicked-up and dumbed-down
Like a novelty cover band , Wiseman 's `` Total Recall '' -LSB- goes -RSB- through a checklist of `` things you have to do if you do a ` Total Recall . ' ''
Yes , there is a triple-breasted hooker in Len Wiseman 's Total Recall remake .
It 's like a cover song by a decent , but forgettable tribute band . Their rendition hits all the proper notes , but lacks soul .
This is not the worst film you 'll see this year . It 's not even the most disappointing film of the summer . But it sucks pretty bad .
This movie is a reaction to the original as much as it 's a remake , and because of that , I think it manages to carve out its own identity .
Len Wiseman 's Total Recall 's a trifling mess , as superfluous as a third breast .
It 's big and it 's loud , but ultimately not much more than that .
One of the great advantages of remaking a movie is being given the opportunity to correct problems - something not attempted here .
After a rousing setup , this visually striking remake falls back much too heavily on its action roots , with one chase scene after another and another . After a while , it 's tedious .

@highlight

While it boasts some impressive action sequences , Total Recall lacks the intricate plotting , wry humor , and fleshed out characters that made the original a sci-fi classic .