It may be a generational gap that turned me off , but I thought it was all quite ridiculous and the dialogue worse than coarse . Trust me and not those in their 30s . It is not worth your time .
You might not fall out of your seat laughing , but the film is consistently enjoyable from start to the very clever and amusing finish and with its brisk 93 minutes , it 's worth taking a dip in this tub .
What Hot Tub Time Machine critically lacks is any sense of wit in its humour . Vomit , urination , male nudity and gay panic jokes take up a large amount of the film 's time .
Like most guy-centric films these days , this film is ragingly homophobic and misogynistic , and you know what ? These are some of the best parts . It is a testament to the wit of the writers and the charisma of the cast that we are never turned off .
If the filmmakers had thrown in some variety , it might have worked , because I 'm sure they were going for more than just a feeling of indifference .
Those drawn in by the name will surely get exactly what they expected and then some .
It not only wears its absurdity as a badge of honor , but quite literally looks us in the eye and dares us not to laugh .
Well played , Hot Tub Time Machine , well played . You defied expectations , in a good way , and managed to evolve from `` potentially silly concept '' to `` fairly funny film . ''
Yes , it 's funny . Often really funny .
Through its slack editing and direction , Hot Tub Time Machine gives the impression of a halfhearted effort , as if the film 's name and story were wacky enough that any old gag would do .
it has the timing and insight of a Borscht Belt comic from the 1930s .
The Hangover meets Back to the Future in this hilarious and unapologetically adult buddy chuckler .
Hot Tub Time Machine is rough around the edges ... -LSB- but -RSB- it offers us closure on a decade of great comedy -- from the very silly Anchorman to the deathly serious Funny People -- in which childish men are forced to grow the hell up .
Hollywood nam ovim filmom pokazuje da , s vremena na vrijeme , zna stare ideje iskoristiti na svje i zabavan način
It does n't care to explain how a jacuzzi becomes a de facto DeLorean ... nor does it get too bogged down in its butterfly effect meddlings -- it just wants to be a piece of good-times stupidness .
Despite the naff-sounding name which could easily have been a throwaway offering , it 's actually one of the more fun comedies which sees grown men reduced to acting like teenagers .
Despite being more muddled than a frat house ` cocktail ' , still manages to maintain a level of charm .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Greed is still good for these children of the 80s in the high concept mess Hot Tub Time Machine .
Admirably turns a potentially one-note joke into a consistently funny package .
Mindlessness done pretty well . Three middle-aged friends and a Gen Next tag along whose lives have n't turned out as they 'd hoped travel back to 1986 via the titular device . Stupid fun ensues , some of it involving Crispin Glover .
... swaps out clever plotting and smartly-tuned dialogue for horndog humor , excrement gags , drunken shenanigans and , of course , wanton sex ...
What transpires during the course of 100 beautifully deranged minutes is lewd , crude and delightfully funny . Trying to make sense of it would be missing the point .
Think of it as the bastard punk offspring of Back to the Future and Groundhog Day .
It 's passably funny in spasms , but in the end the outright vulgarity palls and you wonder what the two leading ladies in the cast , Collette Wolfe and Lizzy Caplan , thought of it all . Not much , I 'd say .
Eighties nostalgia has never been so disgusting , or funny .
A missed opportunity .
It 's the sort of film Cusack probably would n't have been caught dead in a few years ago , which is a sad , if perhaps a truthful reflection of what happens when people hit their 40s and resign themselves to the way things are .
For Cusack and Pink , this is kind of the conclusion of their trilogy of films about the depressed Cusackian hero escaping into past simplicity .
Star power and a quirky premise alone are not enough to sustain a feature length comedy when too many of the gags are inadequately developed .
No real sparks of genius , but some reasonable laughs .
It 's exactly the sort of film that the title would suggest , but it 's also disarmingly fresh and very funny .
The film is ugly , gross and obnoxious , with all the vulgarity and vomiting you might expect .
As far as time-travelling farces go , file this under John and Chev 's Sucky Adventure .
Say what you will about The Hangover , but at least it had structure . At least it felt like an actual movie .
This is undeniably an amusing movie , but it falls well short of time-twisting comedy classics like Back to the Future and Groundhog Day .
Robinson and Duke are terrific , and while it 's fantastic to see Cusack back doing all-out comedy , truly outstanding is Daily Show veteran Rob Corddry , who has to make horrible jerk Lou likable and funny .
If you 've seen the trailer , you 've seen the best bits .
No masterpiece , perhaps , but Hot Tub Time Machine is post-pub perfection .
After he was forced to labour through the special effects in 2012 , it 's good to see John Cusack returning to form amid the constant silliness .
Hot Tub 's humour revels in political incorrectness , and that may put some off , but there 's no doubt it 's an effective nostalgic trip supported by a cracking soundtrack .
This film is flat-out , choke-on-your-popcorn comedy genius .
Corddry 's obnoxiousness gets a trifle wearing , but Cusack is as reliable as ever , Duke gives good geek , and Robinson makes the most of his biggest screen role to date .
Likeable , well acted and frequently funny comedy but its occasionally sloppy script and an over-reliance on lowbrow humour prevents it from becoming something really special .
As amusingly stupid as advertised .
Someone in particular really lifts the movie % u2013 his name is Crispin Glover and he is a comic genius . You might remember seeing him in a more exciting and more humorous time-travelling movie from another era .
Hot Tub Time Machine is an amiable time-waster but , given the concept , it could have been rather more than that .
It 's crude , inane and manic , but boy is it funny .
Youth is wasted on the young , or so the saying goes , and Hot Tub Time Machine is a comedy that concurs , with a twist .
Hot Tub Time Machine , like an actual hot tub , is kind of fun to muck around in , but far less exciting after an hour and a half .
An amusing comedy that actually exceeds the genre 's low expectations .
It 's just a theory , but an educated guess would be that some Hollywood wiseacre came up with the title Hot Tub Time Machine as a half-drunk joke at a party , scored a huge laugh , then thought , `` Hmm , I think I 've got a killer pitch . ''
Hot Tub Time Machine is amiable nonsense that somehow overcomes most of its own mediocrity through sheer energetic self-belief .
Hot Tub Time Machine wo n't change your mind about this type of comedy if it does n't appeal to you , but you could do much worse than choosing to see this if comedy is what you 're after .
There is fun to be found here , but not that much .
Finds a host of familiar faces performing below their best on a time-warp trip .
It 's coarse , rowdy and filled with vulgarities , yet Hot Tub Time Machine is genuinely funny , original and dare I say rather endearing , as four down and out friends find themselves flung back to the 80s after a night of disorderly drinking .
Sure , the premise hobbles our heroes a tad , but Hot Tub Time Machine is a cute and silly romp through dudesville worthy of an evening with friends and goodies .
This is one trip down memory lane that few viewers wanted to take , and it is easy to see why : Hot Tub Time Machine is an unwieldy welding-together of sentimental soul-searching and gross out humor .
Savagely raunchy , completely ridiculous and outrageously entertaining , ` Hot Tub Time Machine ' could be this year 's ` The Hangover ' % u2013 a comedy strictly for grownups .
It 's where the film gets wrapped up in its own plots and character arcs that the comedy suffers the worst
Yes , there are some laugh-out-loud moments , but this is a one-joke movie .
More vulgar than it needs to be , but frequently very funny -- and even suspenseful : You 'll cringe every time you see Crispin Glover and his destined-to-be-amputated arm .
Hot Tub Time Machine represents an example of the phenomenon known as Great Title , Middling Execution .
John Cusack 's response to the canonization of John Hughes .
... a guilty pleasure in spite of itself ...
Witness an absurdest buddy comedy throwback with a paper-thin premise and no justifiable reason why it should succeed at all -LRB- which is exactly what it does . -RRB-
Sound like guy-oriented wish fulfillment ? It is . Sound like The Hangover ? That too .
A winning , almost totally successful comedy that works as an uproarious homage to 1980s movies .
... clichéd but gets mileage out of the many absurdities and trends of the mid-80 's .
The story is interesting enough , but the characters are so shallow and venal I could n't work up any interest in what happens to them .
Comedy is hard , real hard . Making stupid funny is even harder . Not nearly as good as `` The Hangover , '' but I really laughed a lot . Nicely done and really gross . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Sloppy and needlessly smutty though it is , Hot Tub Time Machine is funny when it does n't try so hard and sincere in its themes of friendship and middle-age malaise .
Proof that there is occasionally truth in advertising , Hot Tub Time Machine is exactly the movie its trailers and title promise : a pretty dumb-and very funny-comedy .
I found more to grab onto here then I had expected to walking in , and while the final scenes did drag they did n't do so enough to dilute my enjoyment of the picture as a hole .
This Hot Tube is lukewarm .
Rather hit and miss , but it did make me laugh quite a few times , most often courtesy of Rob Corddry .
The level of hatred directed against women in this movie is mind boggling .
With its broadly drawn characters , dated pop-culture humor and tired gags , Hot Tub Time Machine comes off like the edgier Gen X edition of Wild Hogs .
Cusack seem -LRB- s -RRB- like a casting error -LSB- in this hilarious comedy -RSB- , a cameo miscast into a lead .
A waste of time and talent . Has John Cusack invested himself in a career that ends up with this ?
It has not the slightest whiff of self-importance .
A serious disappointment ...
Shaggy , subversive , surreal time-travel adventure , evoking nostalgia in baby-boomers and grossed out , politically-incorrect , R-rated guffaws from others .
anyone who spent any number of his or her formative years in the Reagan era and still harbors some sense of arrested development will find much to appreciate in Steve Pink 's cheerfully vulgar , nonsensical time-travel comedy
A kinky cross of Caligula and Back to the Future !
For the most part , this is a really goofy and fun piece of work , and Cusack has n't been this good in years .
There 's not one believable character in this fantasy comedy .
After I finish writing this film criticism of Hot Tub Time Machine , maybe I 'll do a Hooter 's restaurant review or give the business to a `` Choose Your Own Adventure '' book . Seriously , what the hell is the point ?
Surprisingly funny and consistent Hot Tub Time Machine , a crowd-pleasing ode to the days of `` Miami Vice '' and `` Alf '' that delivers on multiple levels .
Once viewers get past the obligatory raunch -LRB- a necessary salute , I suppose , to such atrocious '80s comedies as Private School and Porky 's Revenge -RRB- , they might be surprised to discover the level of genuine wit on display .
Crispin Glover steals the show in a movie with good self-awareness , and enough laughs to make the price of admission worthwhile .
Hot Tub Time Machine winds up begging the central question that it was never ready to answer : Why idolize the '80s yet again ?
Hot Tub Time Machine is ` The Hangover ' lite . Very lite .
I laughed -- but after next week , I might not remember why .
Hugely raunchy and undeniably funny , with Cusack adding just a hint of sweetness .
Director Steve Pink offsets the satire with moments of genuine warmth .
This movie does the most it can with such a thin premise . In fact , the thin premise is what makes the movie work .
There 's a fair amount of genuine retro fun to be had here .
Steve Pink manages to connect self-conscious cinematic nostalgia to middle-aged anomie with rowdy affection .
It 's hilarious . It 's also completely mindless , but as it cheerfully celebrates its own awesome idiocy rather than pretending to be something it 's not , you can only love the thing .
The mystery is n't that it took three credited writers to come up with this material , it 's that they could find three writers willing to take credit for it .
A wild , hit-and-miss stab at high-concept comedy . Most moviegoers will deeply feel at least some nagging lack of narrative underpinning and infrastructure , which crucially undercuts momentum and goodwill .
`` Hot Tub Time Machine '' could have been amazingly hilarious had director Steve Pink not gotten lost along the way with projectile vomiting and near misses in the oral sex department .
The crude humor and over-the-top language sabotage what could have been a very funny movie .
The whole point is to just be silly and irreverent with time travel and midlife crisis movies . For it to devolve into gay jokes and F words is a sad disappointment .
Hot Tub Time Machine is funnier than any movie called Hot Tub Time Machine has a right to be . And how funny is that ? Not very , but a little .
The results , though , are simply crass .
Tough going , for sure .
Homosexual hijinks and poorly executed slapstick punches and pratfalls attend this sloppy comedy that could have at least been made bearable with a soundtrack of cool music . You 'd think that Cusack never even heard of the Replacements or Iggy Pop .
-LRB- Rob -RRB- Corddry 's performance is so aggravating that he makes Steve Urkel seem tolerable .
The name says it all .
It constitutes a bizarre blend of the incredibly smart and the very , very stupid , laden with ridiculous in-jokes that somehow coalesce into a clever -LRB- if simple-minded -RRB- comedy .
Do n't try to teach me about life in a movie called Hot Tub Time Machine . Stick to the sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . It 's your destiny .
It 's fun , it 's sad , and it 's kind of sad that it 's so much fun .
Sure , Hot Tub Time Machine is goofy , but it 's fun . And the filmmakers and players , led by producer-actor John Cusack , are game , jumping in feet first .
The nonsensical-as-Sarah Palin-quotes comedy zaps you straight to the mid-1980s , when cinematic orgies of pure hyperactive insanity such as Weird Science were not only possible but commonplace .
The chemistry that makes this particular hot tub fly is more than just some magic gunk that 's been added to the water
Best title since `` Snakes on a Plane '' and consistent laughs throughout .
A classically stupid-funny teen comedy with a retro twist .
More concerned with grossing out the audience rather than making them laugh .
This is a movie whose sole purpose is to make people laugh . The really funny thing ? Despite that ridiculous title and ridiculous setup , it often succeeds .
John Cusack et al. are loud , obnoxious , juvenile and ... wry
Only time will tell if Hot Tub Time Machine is the dumbest premise for a time-travel movie of all time .
For those who elect to ride out the booze-soaked , forked-tongued storm , they receive a startlingly alert , good-natured , borderline poignant slapstick comedy that makes the most out of a one-joke premise .
Corddry , Duke , Robinson and Glover steal the show in this absolutely hilarious comedy that has a great joke every five minutes . You will have to see it twice to catch it all .
How seriously are we supposed to take Hot Tub Time Machine ? Well let 's see . It 's a movie about a time machine . In a hot tub . Beyond that , Hot Tub Time Machine is actually surprisingly , if sporadically , funny .
Hot Tub Time Machine simmers right along like so many Jacuzzi bubbles popping with a carefully calibrated mix of sight gags , sex jokes and baby boomer references .
It sounds crazy , and it is crazy , vulgar , over-the-top and very , very funny .
Cusack , who self-deprecatingly mocks his iconic presence in '80s films like Say Anything , is terrific -- with an especially wonderful , demented monologue in which he explains why he and his sister are so screwed up .
Like the wonky Jacuzzi that gives the film its title and nutso travel mode , Hot Tub Time Machine operates in fits and starts .
How bad must a movie be to be good fun ? How dumb to be smart ? Whatever the case , Hot Tub Time Machine does n't make the cut .
None of this sloppiness matters if the movie is funny , of course , and it is , for the most part .
In the end , it turns out the funniest thing about Hot Tub Time Machine is its inspired title . And you can enjoy that without paying to see it .
It is this year 's funniest film so far . And it 's probably even funnier after a couple of Bartles & Jaymes .
At the offset , Hot Tub Time Machine comes off as yet another tale of obnoxious men-children stuck in their own world of self-created misery ... Yet ... this one is pretty funny .
Very funny and very clever , especially for older viewers who grew up on the many `` teen party '' movies of the 1980s .
Parental Content Review
While I do agree with those who have already started to call Hot Tub Time Machine this year 's Hangover , in no way do I interpret that as a compliment .
A film that contains some big laughs here and there but which is finally brought down by the inescapable fact that it is neither as smart as it thinks it is nor as dumb .
Too much slapdash raunchiness and not enough sweetness .
What we have here is a fun ride that will bring back memories for some , and bring laughs because of the ridiculous clothes and hair for others .
For hilarity , characterization and clever structure , The Hangover is far superior . Still , there are some laughs in this uneven but good-natured raunchfest .
I can understand why John Cusack would like to find a time machine to take him back to 1986 . That was the last time he was making popular movies .
. . just about everything its title suggests . And more . And less .
... when all of a studio 's hopes and dreams are pinned on a movie as insignificant and tossed off as this , maybe the lion 's got no more roar left in it .
Hot Tub Machine might be ridiculous , but John Cusack & Co. know that there 's still life in those acid-wash jeans .
Rob Corddry becomes a certified star . This is perfectly vulgar fun . The only misstep is casting Chevy Chase .
Hot Tub Time Machine should have been better than this .
The movie 's as casual as its lead characters ' approach to changing history ; it 's also lewdly and frequently laugh-out-loud hilarious -- especially if you wasted any of your youth watching a certain brand of '80s comedy schlock on HBO at 2 a.m.
-LSB- A -RSB- tediously familiar collection of pointlessly crude moments drunk on their own cruelty ... They should have titled it Tucker Max to the Future ...
I am genuinely saddened not to have enjoyed Hot Tub Time Machine .
As an admitted old fogy , I hated this movie , an ultra-raunchy , raucous gross-out comedy ... but if you 're among those who enjoy ... slob farces , -LSB- this -RSB- is for you .
Hot Tub Time Machine is a surprisingly enjoyable way to waste 90 minutes if you 're into dude humor and penis jokes .
Hot Tub Time Machine proves that just because you have the power and money to make a movie , it does n't mean you should .
Feels like a movie that pays off on revisits , and like the kind of film that holds laughs that only get unlocked on a third viewing .
A sort of over-heated alternative universe where a funny-again Chevy Chase shows up as the hot tub repair man , the band Poison is all the rage and the '80s kitsch is outstanding .
There are some laugh-out-loud moments , for sure . But it 's easy , nostalgic humor about oversized cell phones and how Kid 'n Play are really two different people .
It 's a reminder of how good it is to be able to laugh at the passage of time , because otherwise , you 're crying .
The '80s references , the profanity , the time-travel gags , the gross-out humor - it all comes sloshing together like one of those frat-party cocktails where they dump in everything they can find from the bar . And yet it tastes really , really good .
A reverent , foulmouthed , shoddily shot ode to the bottom-feeding cinema of the Reagan era .
Hot Tub is the gross-out-comedy equivalent of spaghetti-testing . Many jokes are hurled against the wall . Only a few stick . Yet the sheer number and velocity of the pitches made me giddy .
Hot Tub Time Machine zooms right by , barely pausing on its way out -LRB- like , mercifully , the '80s hair it depicts -RRB- , forgotten almost before it 's over .
Oh , to have access to an actual hot tub time machine . Then I could flash back a few hours , sprint to the theater , and prevent myself from wasting time on the disappointing Hot Tub Time Machine .
A perfect collision of high-energy and high-concept , Hot Tub benefits from near-complete lack of inhibition and a total immersion in dude-centered shenanigans .
Machine is engaging enough , but its characters ' path to redemption would be more satisfying if it were n't greased with authentically '80s - style casual sexism , gay panic , and frat-comedy clichés .
Utilizing pervasive social media and numerous promo screenings , the movie looks to open well . It 's just too bad Pink and company declared open season on an embarrassing decade then armed themselves with a urine-filled squirt gun .
It 's a bro-down , and every second has been calibrated for maximum bro-fficiency .
... Unhinged , unrepentant and hilarious , unequivocally the best American comedy we 've had in a long time . ... As a popcorn pop-culture snack for aging Gen-X ` ers with their own memories and regrets , it 's a fun , fast , fearless comedy .
At its best the film is blissfully , anarchically funny , and director Steve Pink keeps the pace crackling .
A slapdash , gross-out good time if you 're up for some rude ` Hangover ' - style shenanigans to go with your heaping helpings of '80s nostalgia .
A triple threat : completely raunchy , completely idiotic , completely funny . Craig Robinson is the standout in this F-bomb-laced , sex-fueled , 80s-time-warp comic misadventure .
Hot Tub Time Machine is n't a good movie , but like a bubbling bath it keeps pounding at us until our resistance wears down .
balances middle-age angst with adolescent idiocy and embraces the ridiculous while playing it absolutely straight
This is a lot of fun . Cusack 's funniest film in many years .
This raunchy , 80s-soaked comedy is every bit as funny as a movie called `` Hot Tub Time Machine '' should be . Which is to say , quite a bit .
A handful of good one-liners means Hot Tub Time Machine has its moments ; it 's the rest of the movie that 's the problem .
A chlorinated , R-rated Back to the Future , Hot Tub Time Machine accomplishes what Snakes on a Plane did not : It offers a merrily idiotic movie to go with its willfully idiotic title .
Hot Tub Time Machine , which wants nothing more than to be a screwball farce , succeeds beyond any expectations suggested by the title and extends John Cusack 's remarkable run .
If the title makes you want to see the movie , you 'll get what you 're hoping for .
Hot Tub Time Machine has enough genuinely funny moments to make it worth checking out .
What could be a platform for retro fun , inventive plotting , and outrageous humor instead becomes mired in tired time travel clichés , trite '80s shtick , and lazy comedy .
A movie much different from what its title would suggest , which is kind of a shame , because the title is so super-awesome .
The most attention-getting , stupid/brilliant high-concept title since Snakes on a Plane turns out to be the first and last memorable thing about Hot Tub Time Machine .
A potentially wry comedy about time travel plunges into a hot tub of tepid juvenilia .
I wish the screenwriters had been 2010-minded enough to leave out the crappy gay jokes . Then again , as directed by Cusack 's longtime pal and collaborator Steve Pink , and performed with manic energy by this guys-among-guys cast , the movie bops and honks .
Every once in a while , a comedy comes along that 's so outlandish and ridiculous you have to take notice ... the emphasis is on the first word of ` high concept . '
A fundamentally lazy comedy that will probably make you laugh like an idiot .
The story rests too often on easy '80s potshots -- Look , a Jheri curl ! Check out those leg-warmers ! Can you hear me on my brick cell phone ? -- and today 's parlance falling on deaf '80s ears -- E-mail ? What 's that ?
Pink 's derivative vision plays out like a mullet in the new millennium .
The kind of crummy-looking , exploitative , childishly gross and pointedly homophobic teen-sex comedy that was ubiquitous in the 1980s .
A sloppy , raucous , time travel farce in the grown-men-gone-wild Hangover style , it 's a surprisingly satisfying , if not exactly LMAO , riot .
You can treat the movie 's devolution into sheer ridiculousness as either an homage to that era 's high-concept absurdism or just whatever-dude laziness , but watching Cusack revive his trench-coated cool-misfit persona will stir fortysomething hearts .
Although they 're more often paired off than grouped together , the guys ' chemistry is what really keeps the number of chuckles elevated .
It is crude , raunchy , full of bad behavior , and extremely funny .
The ` Hangover ' of home-appliance time-travel comedies .
As feel good farces go , Hot Tub Time Machine is a mindless minor masterpiece
Like the comedies of the decade it returns to , Hot Tub is a balls-to-the-wall Hard-R comedy complete with tasteless humor , nudity and foul language . And thank God . It 's about time we put those p *** ified , lame PG-13 teen comedies to bed once and for all .
It 's not high brow stuff , but Hot Tub Time Machine is a comedy with genuine laughs and surprising personality .
Absurdity is what Hot Tub does , and does well .
I ca n't believe I 'm saying this , but Hot Tub Time Machine is a smart comedy .

@highlight

Its flagrantly silly script -- and immensely likable cast -- make up for most of its flaws .