The second installment of the trilogy , co-scripted by Michael Chabon , is a real supe-opera , with the usual young adult turmoil pushed into the realms of comic-book mythology with the complications of his power , guilt , and responsibility .
Spiderman 2 is has got a little bit of everything : angst , explosions , tight suits , bad guys , good guys , more explosions .
Spider-Man 2 is not a great movie . It is , however , a great superhero movie , one of the best ever made . If only its influence could more clearly be felt in the `` Avengers '' CGI-fests of today .
The trick with Spider-Man is to swing both ways -- the superheroics and the super lack of self-esteem -- without getting mired in the dreary introspective moping that did for Ang Lee 's awful Hulk . Spider-Man 2 balances it all but perfectly ,
Maybe it has something to do with Sam Raimi 's skills as a director , or with Tobey Maguire 's very human central performance , but the Spider-Man films are by far the best of the superhero genre .
Spider-Man 2 ranks alongside Superman II and both X-Men films as the best screen adaptations of comic book heroes , a status that , as we 've seen through the years , is n't as easy to master as it sounds .
A sequel that not only outstrips its predecessor but has a perversity and quick-wittedness that hardly seem to belong in a comic-book movie .
Spider-Man 2 is better than just dark , it 's touched by authentic teenage paranoia and neurosis .
This is a better picture than the first because it makes its characters human , does n't camp it up and refuses to believe that Kerpow ! Kerching ! is more than a constituent part of the proceedings .
An expertly crafted mix of drama , romance , humour and action that outdoes its more conventionally generic predecessor .
Emotionally deeper , better looking and twice as exciting as the blockbuster that kicked off the franchise two years ago , Spider-Man 2 just became the new gold standard for the current crop of super-hero movies .
Through it all , Maguire remains the ideal actor to play the conflicted superhero . Earnest and vulnerable , you see why he delights in the transformation to superhero . And why he also feels its burden .
Alfred Molina makes a more baroque supervillain than Willem Dafoe 's Green Goblin , but the other stars seem happy to be giving us more of the same . Sam Raimi 's direction , on the other hand , is even more fluent and well paced .
A comic-book sequel to surpass even X2 , this is a resounding success .
With the reluctant hero 's origins covered in the first movie , a sequel offered returning director Sam Raimi the chance to have some real fun . And that 's exactly what he does .
For summer popcorn fun , this movie has it all : special effects , romance , action and humor .
Director Sam Raimi 's follow-up to his first Spider-Man is damn near perfect .
The web-slinging sequences are bigger-better-brighter-faster than the already spectacular ones in 2002 's Spider-Man , and at the same time , the film 's smaller emotional moments are denser , richer and more resonant than those in the first .
It hits the ground at ramming speed and , slightly over two hours later , collapses in blissful exhaustion .
There 's nothing at all wrong with the movie . I just wish there were more that 's right .
A popcorn pleasure with heart , soul , and insight .
A lot of talent to lavish on a single movie , but the result is uncommonly smart for the genre , and not just smart but tremendously enjoyable .
Simultaneously funnier , darker , and more emotional than its forebear .
There are plenty of surprises in this compelling Hollywood cartoon-inspired movie that tops everything else in the genre .
Overall it 's a solid superhero movie with some memorable moments .
One of a kind .
There are awesome effects , explosive action , wry humour and an emotional heart that pulsates loudly and steadily throughout .
The biggest current bang for your popcorn buck is the IMAX presentation of this exhilarating adventure .
Mr. Raimi , working at the top of his game , reunites the entire cast of the first film , and by this point they feel like family .
Spider-Man wrestling with demons , literally and figuratively !
Hands down the best comic book franchise on film .
All in all , this sequel is a blockbuster with both a heart and a brain .
Maguire 's very bone structure seems to alter with the waning and waxing of his resolve - after he ditches his costume , he actually appears to shrink .
Spider-Man 2 is not what you expect from the typical summer blockbuster , but you 'll still eat it up like a bag of popcorn .
This is pure SPIDER-MAN , straight from the tap , and it 's absolutely transporting .
A sensational summer treat .
Raimi has turned in a very different Spidey than might be expected . I 'm not talking ` nipples on Batman ' or anything ; the shift is from origin story to mid-hero-crisis story .
Best comic-book movie ever ? Nah , but it 's great just the same .
The action scenes were breathtaking , and abundant enough to keep things hopping .
... a well-realized stab at melding comic book pow-sock-bang with a more adult psychological drama
Raimi reminds us you can still make highly commercial films and keep your self-respect .
-LSB- It 's sure to -RSB- join the upper echelons of action movies like Raiders of the Lost Ark , The Empire Strikes Back , and Die Hard .
If you even remotely enjoyed the first Spider-Man you 'll certainly love the second .
Gets the characters where they need to go , but it does n't develop their struggles to a satisfactory level .
It 's one of those rare sequels that 's more satisfying than the original . The first movie had to spin the premise ; the second gets to fly with it .
A sequel that is better than the original in many respects .
Raimi 's imagination has no end .
It is wall-crawling hands down the most adrenaline pumping super hero flick ever .
I ca n't figure out why anybody would want to waste 127 minutes sitting through this thing .
Spider-Man 2 will make a lot of money , it will sell a lot of fast food , it will cause comic book dorks to complain about some trite , mundane details ...
The genius of director Sam Raimi is to take the fantastic and make it believably , achingly human .
Maguire has limited moments of acting inspiration while Dunst wanders aimlessly through a role that may be too normal for her .
The lightning that struck for so many of this summer 's sequels fails to ignite Spider-Man 2 . The franchise remains a tolerable proposition tolerably well-executed .
If Raimi continues in this direction , he might be well on his way to the greatest superhero trilogy of all time .
One of the most essential , memorable super hero movies of all time .
Whatever sins this film commits at the start of the show I forgave when I saw how they worked out .
It has a resonating tenderness that no superhero movie is likely to approach anytime soon .
This spectacularly engaging comic-book fantasy is a textbook example of what a mass-audience movie ought to be .
It improves on the first one : better action , better comedy .
Spider-Man 2 is probably more of a lateral step but that does n't stop this episode from being a lot of fun .
It is so rare that a sequel improves upon the original , but that is exactly what Sam Raimi and company have done with the magnificent -LSB- I -RSB- Spider-Man 2 -LSB- / I -RSB- .
While it did n't leave me with the same sense of awe , it left me much more satisfied than not , and that 's good enough
Pocos pasatiempos son más placenteros ; también más intrascendentes .
Once again we 're caught in the web of a wonderfully woven story .
Like the first installment , refreshingly perverse in its intent .
Being a superhero has big financial and psychological drawbacks .
In every frame , the saga is carried forward rather than stopped just for the sake of an action sequence .
Go , Tobey , go !
We 've at last come to a point when the most well-rounded , psychologically complex character on any movie screen in town happens to wear spandex tights and swing from webs .
This is n't just great filmmaking , it 's great filmgoing .
` Llegó para quedarse y hacernos pasar un gran rato en compañía del más humano de los superhéroes , quien nos recuerda nuestra propia condición humana . Estupenda . '
Exciting sequel that improves dramatically on the effects of the first , but also has an emotional depth that is surprising in a blockbuster this big .
The film strikes just the right balance between dizzying aerial action -LRB- with special effects and high-flying fisticuffs far more heart-stopping than in the original -RRB- and grounded human drama .
It 's a blast .
Raimi is good with the details .
Raimi has once again crafted a blockbuster that thinks as hard as it thwacks -- in a word , amazing .
More intelligent , emotional and credible than the first picture .
An apt yet unoriginal sequel .
The best date movie of the year .
Spider-Man 2 is a blockbuster with the scrappiness of an indie .
A mind-boggling piece of showboating and the most rigorous fairground ride of the year
-LSB- D -RSB- id Kirsten Dunst get hit on the head or something ?
By focusing on his characters as much as his special effects , Sam Raimi has made that rare sequel , one that 's every bit as good as the original .
Raimi weaves a wonderfully seductive web of arachnid action , human drama , and wink-nudge comedy .
Sam Raimi & Co. keeps Spider-Man 2 cracking with the best action sequences since Raiders of the Lost Ark. .
A silly comic book movie with provocative psychological overtones . Or a provocative character study with silly comic book overtones .
I would be happy to sing the praises of this one from the highest building .
The glue that holds ` Spider-Man 2 ' together is humor .
The best superhero movie I 've ever seen , and I have seen them all .
Spider-Man 2 is much more a grown-up love story than its predecessor .
The superhero as schlemiel returns ... a tangled web of drippy , comic-book psychodrama .
Better , faster , funnier , warmer -- Sam Raimi and Tobey Maguire give us a superpowered sequel with soul .
En palabras del mismo Dr. Pulpo , - Damas y Caballeros , abróchense los cinturones - Una película tremenda ha encontrado su lugar .
Raimi handles it effortlessly because he keeps his focus tightly in the characters ' hearts and minds .
It 's possible to forgive the things about it that fall short . And if you do n't expect the film to be a work of high art such forgiveness should actually come easy .
... Spider-Man 2 , despite a terrific villain , is boring .
Goes to the trouble of actually making you care ... and has an absolutely way-cooler baddie of Dr. Octopus as a nemesis .
Ranking amongst the best films of 2004 , the best action films of the past decade and , once again , THE GREATEST COMIC BOOK SUPERHERO FILM EVER MADE !
Dead on in its ability to blend wonderful comedy , mind-blowing action , touching romance , superb special effects , and dazzling set pieces , all while remaining sublimely artistic .
A slower-paced film than the first one , but its characters are more interesting and the action scenes it does have are first-rate .
A great deal of fun .
The digital special effects -- especially those glorious , block-long Tarzan-style web swings up and down the city boulevards are exhilarating and wonderful to watch , even better than they were the first time around .
-LSB- A -RSB- fine blockbuster , the ideal accompaniment for super-heroic feats of popcorn consumption this summer .
Raimi has finally recaptured the manic charge he brought to Evil Dead 2 .
The exhilaratingly fun , obliquely clever and feverishly crowd-pleasing achievement of director Sam Raimi spins a web that everyone wants to be caught up in .
This sequel has legs .
Invitingly grand and resounding with cheeky energy , this is one exhilarating and thought-provoking spider that does more that crawl up the water sprout
A noisy , dopey sci-fi thriller .
This is the most honest and entertaining comic book film ever made .
Sure , it 's a totally accessible , action-oriented summer flick , but it 's also a coming-of-age story about choices , love and identity for a true hero who finally realizes the extent of his great power and great responsibility .
Raimi 's strengths are his keen visual imagination and his flair for slapstick comedy .
I feel it 's my responsibility to suggest that the best choice is to hold out for the DVD rather than shell out 10 bucks for this cornball , half-hearted , fitfully exciting rehash .
A blockbuster with humanity .
It 's a two-hour epic , sprawling but never messy and moving without ever turning maudlin .
Raimi 's control of the material is rare for directors of any movie of this scale .
It is a winning web , and everyone involved should be proud .
For a big-budget action movie Spider-Man 2 is modest and not assaultive -- it has a boring decency .
Spider-Man 2 is one of the best comic movies ever made .
The down-home dialogues are as involving as the aerial exhibitions .
Surges and sags in massive sections .
It 's the exposure of his precious face -- sign of his secret self -- that 's most frightening , ordinary , and exciting .
Not a perfect film or an indelible moment in American cinema ... just one enormously entertaining night at the movies .
Director Raimi manages to combine the exaggerated quirkiness of his Evil Dead trilogy with the emotional impact of his taut morality play , A Simple Plan .
What 's at stake , besides the soul of the superhero , the continued health and well being of New York City and all that , is the lot in life of the little guy .
Sam Raimi has once again raised the bar for superhero films and summer blockbusters , this time to the top of a skyscraper where only spider-men dare to crawl .
Um filme ambicioso e maduro que , ao mesmo tempo em que impressiona com suas seqüências de ação , jamais deixa de lado o desenvolvimento de seus personagens .
Spider-Man 2 swings
Never have I seen such an intelligent , emotionally resonant screen adaptation of a comic book . Spider-Man 2 takes the genre to a whole new level .
As a summer blockbuster , Spider-Man 2 is unassailable , the most you could possibly ask for from a film of its type .
Playing like one of the conflict-surfeited Marvel comics of the late 1960s , the sequel has plenty of daytime drama for Raimi to wring his fanboy hands over .
An entertaining warm-weather spectacle .
Richly poignant , vigorously thrilling , and abundantly playful , it swings , it skyrockets , it soars . It 's a genuine marvel .
... a plot that is in all but the fine details a retread ... But it 's such an entertaining retread that it 's hard to complain .
Inspiration strikes when Spider-Man returns to full-tilt , but with a better balance of spectacle and sentiment , it could have been a four-star , fist-pumping triumph .
` Spider-Man 2 ' delivers sheer movie pleasure .
This is the best sequel of the 21st century so far .
You ca n't help but like the movie . The blending of action , humor , drama , angst and romance is as balanced as a high-wire performance .
There are a lot of dull spots where there 's only banal chatter .
Spider-Man 2 is a fun , engaging film that makes you care about its characters even as they go through their preposterous comic book adventures .
Spider-Man 2 has all manner of fancy CGI improvements on its precursor , but in the end it 's the old-style action sequences that carry it .
Spidie 's new archenemy Doc Ock is the coolest villain created by the DNA -LRB- Digital + Natural = an Awesome-effect -RRB- melding of actor and CGI wizardry to date ! READ ON - >
Here 's an unlimited-budget blockbuster that 's engaged in its characters and its premise , one that cares about the implications of people 's actions .
... worthy of the title `` Blockbuster .
Spider-Man , Spider-Man , Does whatever Supe ` man 2 did . Hero faced , with a choice , Kirsten 's dress , it gets moist , Look out ! Here comes the Sequel-Man .
Raimi has clearly enjoyed working on this film and his joy shines through . It 's his best film since A Simple Plan .
Plot developments are labored upon so heavily that I felt compelled to stand up in my seat during the screening and shout out , ` Okay ! We get it ! '
This is simply the greatest Superhero movie ever made and almost certainly to be remembered as one of the most beloved movies of all time .
It 's a rare treat to watch a sequel that 's better than the original .
It 's one of those rare sequels that 's even better than the original , primarily because the characters dig in and develop .
Some ill-advised decisions do n't come close to overshadowing the overall sense that we 're watching a film franchise grow up before our eyes .
Sam Raimi , Sam Raimi . Movie auteur and fan Raimi . Spins a tale , any size . Even makes James Franco look wise . Look Out ! Here comes that Sam Raimi .
Improves on the first one in significant ways but probably ought to end this mixed bag of a series .
A rarity in that it 's just as nifty as its predecessor .
Easily the most fun movie of the summer , an all-ages show that crawls deep into the heart .
A terrifically entertaining comic book of a movie that mixes action and romance in ways that give it heft and heart .
It 's the human drama that makes it all work . The main character is the best-developed , most sympathetic superhero ever seen on film .
This triumphant sequel to the hard-to-top 2002 original may be the first great comic-book movie in the age of self-help and CGI wizardry , an entertainment in which both the thrills and the therapeutic personal growth are well earned .
This Spidey ai n't heavy , this Spidey ai n't light -- this Spidey weighs in just right .
Rip-roaring good escapist fun .
The return of Spidey marks what could end up being the best action film of the summer , and quite possibly the best superhero movie ever made .
The web is slung : With great gusto comes a great sequel .
What 's disarming about this sequel is the psychological depth director Sam Raimi and his team have brought to the franchise .
A masterpiece of pop filmmaking -- a fantastic , exuberant entertainment that manages to be both sleek and substantial without being patronizing .
Smart , funny and surprisingly heartfelt .
The fights are more exciting , the effects more realistic , the characters deeper , the performances meatier , and the director 's love of raw , unbridled cinematic geekery is positively unleashed .
The new , improved SM2 has a far smoother narrative line , as well as more amazing special effects , including even more terrific swinging .
Takes us into a comic book universe with depth , humor , and reverence , without ever losing its humanity .
A rare sequel that surpasses the original in every way -- in story , in setting , in special effects , in high-energy action and in its surprising depth of emotion .
... full-bodied summer fluff .
Doc Ock is a far more interesting character than Willem Dafoe 's Green Goblin from the first picture , and he 's a lot funnier , too .
As fine a repeat experience as our foolish , creativity-challenged tradition of sequelizing allows .
Sam Raimi upgrades the action and raises the emotional stakes for the Marvel Comics wall-crawler to create an epic summer movie .
Comic-book dialog , where everything has life or death urgency , yet you can still take time to wax philosophical ... same movie - with less swing-time , and almost no fun .
Spider-Man 2 does n't just come from Marvel , it is a marvel .
A spectacularly entertaining summer movie .
From great powers come itchy costumes , bad wall-climbing days and bill collectors . Who knew ?
This is a textbook definition of the `` perfect '' summer movie . I had a smile on my face for two days after seeing this , and I can give it no higher praise than that .
In an amazing breakthrough , it 's been discovered that it pays to make good sequels ; and that bigger does n't necessarily mean better .
-LSB- M -RSB- ust be quite the most tenderly tragic comic-book movie ever made ...
Tough to watch without getting bored in the middle - it 's a two-hour-plus film that easily could have shed half an hour - and not imagining how it could have been better .
I think Sam Raimi can loosen his tie and kick off his shoes . He done good .
Rosemary Harris gives so much heart to this project , her importance can not be overstated
Spidey and gang are back in Spider-Man 2 -- perhaps in need of some therapy -- but ultimately bigger and better than ever .
Maguire ... does n't overplay Parker 's meekness or Spider-Man 's cleverness ; he 's just right .
Its predecessor 's equal in pure popcorn entertainment , Spiderman 2 adds moral complexities to daunt even the most intrepid of webslingers .
Your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man is back burning up the big screen with the best super hero movie I have seen so far .
... all the spider-webbing that you can sling into your fanboy pants !
Not since The Empire Strikes Back or Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , has a sequel been so darn satisfying ... Films do n't come any better .
The bottom line is that Spider-Man 2 is a summer movie for people that do n't ordinarily enjoy summer movies .
It is n't all action , or all laughs , or all drama . It 's an ingenious combination of the three . It 's some of the most fun I 've had in a theater in a while .
Expect less of the one-liners and more of the biting the inside of your cheek so you wo n't start bawling in front of your date .
` Spider-Man 2 ' is that summer rarity - a big-budget blockbuster that actually lives up to the considerable advanced hype .
Spider-Man 2 deserves every nickel its bound to make . It 's what happens when filmmakers focus on `` let 's make a good movie '' instead of `` let 's make a sequel '' .
Spider-Man 2 is double the romance and one half the slam-bang action
Maguire , with his dim eyes and his forlorn voice , gives the movie an emotional center utterly rare for this sort of thing .
The rare sequel that actually improves on the original .
Spider-Man 2 has the cleanest emotional arc of any comic-book movie , ever . For all the simulation , it breathes .
This is undoubtedly the most fun you 'll have at the multiplexes this season , or maybe even this year .
Smart , fun entertainment made by people who took nothing for granted , including the audience .
The closest thing to an art-house action film since Tim Burton 's original Batman in 1989 .
A deeply satisfying and involving sequel .
2 takes the Spidey idea of the humbled superhero and runs with it .
-LSB- Raimi pulls -RSB- off the amazing feat of one-upping the original .
Sequels do n't get much better -- or smarter -- than the action - , drama - , romance - and comedy-packed Spider-Man 2 .
Spider-Man 2 is a perfect blend of summer action , a big movie with a deeply personal story .
Spider-Man 2 wo n't just grab your guts -- it will take your heart .
Best comic book movie ... ever .
Sensational enough for power-fantasy fans , it also tells a strong story that tugs agreeably on our heartstrings .
Director Sam Raimi spins an inescapable web of popcorn-munching perfection that 's superer than the original .
Well worth seeing for comic and action fans , but let 's hope for a lower hand-wringing quotient next time around .
If the first installment of Spider-Man lived up to expectations , the new film surpasses them .
The best comic book-styled adventure since the 23-year-old Raiders of the Lost Ark. .
Every bit as good -- if not better -- than the original .
The best superhero movie since the modern genre was launched with Superman -LRB- 1978 -RRB- .
This sequel is a more complete , not to mention more complex , experience .
Spider-Man , Spider-Man , does whatever a sequel can . And then some .
As visually stunning and loyal to character development as the first film .
You have to acclimate yourself to the fact that this sequel will not be your idea for how the story will continue . It will be somebody else 's .
Like The Empire Strikes Back , Spider-Man 2 is a sequel that enriches the original .
Spider-Man 2 takes comic book yarns to a new dimension of possibility with its sensitive exploration of emotions that help determine one 's destiny .
The movie 's first half is talky bordering on tiresome -- endlessly rehashing the same mix of frustrated puppy love , survivor guilt , and identity crisis .
Good but far from great .
Does a near-perfect job of amalgamating effects with filmmaking and will definitely set the standard for action movies that want to be both a spectacle and seem real .
... smarter , hipper , faster , funnier , and flat-out more electrifying than the original , swinging to new summer-movie heights as the greatest comic-book adaptation yet made .
Proof that the human story of a superhero can be told and not be boring ... ahem ... Hulk anyone ?
A rousing rollercoaster ride that never feels bloated or gets bogged down .
Feels like a remake of the first one , with the same character struggles and plot points we 've come to expect
Might just be the most perfect summer popcorn flick since Raiders of the Lost Ark. .
The perfect blend of great action , great comedy , and great melodrama . Once again , Mr. Raimi , I 'd like to shake your hand .
One of the best pictures of its kind ever made , at once cheeky , exhilarating , funny and genuinely moving ... a triumph of the super-hero genre .
Spider-Man 2 is , on the whole , a success .
` With great power comes great responsibility ' is a lesson the makers of Spider-Man 2 have taken to heart .
Oh yeah . That 's the sweet spot .
He could be any of us , exposed , overcoming our fears and coming to grips with our destiny . He reminds us of why we were ever excited by superheroes in the first place .
Raimi did a terrific job in both films of never forgetting the audience needs to connect with the flesh and blood actors .
While the first film was good , this one has the kind of storytelling that got me reading the comics decades ago .
Has something for everyone .
Spider-Man 2 is spectacular , mostly because it 's more ` Man ' than ` Spider . '
Spider-Man 2 , while it sometimes lapses into dirgelike dullness , still manages the impressive feat of bestowing a human face on a story that could easily feel like a cartoon .
This is the movie summer 's most touching young romance .
-LSB- The first big fight scene -RSB- looks so realistic that it 's hard to believe the whole thing was shot in a computer .
Doc Ock grabs this film with his quartet of sinisterly serpentine mechanical arms and refuses to let go .
Until it develops a bad case of verbosity toward the end , it improves upon its predecessor in almost every way , delivering flashier thrills while digging deeper into its characters and adding an overlay of wit .
Spider-Man was good bubble gum , but this movie is a Willie Wonka Everlasting Gobstopper !
A big Hollywood machine that 's unexpectedly full of wit and -- dare we say it ? -- intelligence .
A worthy sequel to the 2002 blockbuster , Spider-Man 2 will deposit fans somewhere on the satisfaction spectrum between quietly pleased and overjoyed .
Spider - Man 2 is that rare thing , a thoroughly successful sequel .
Spider-Man 2 is full of bright colors , emphatic noises and elaborate special effects . That much is to be expected . But its distinguishing features , I 'm happy to report , are strong characters and honest feelings .
The sequel bests the original for the third time this summer as Spider-man 2 leaves your jaw touching the floor for the entire geek-gasmic blast
A rare summer megamovie with both a brain and a soul ... -LSB- plus -RSB- enough visual fireworks to satisfy even the most discriminating action fan ... easily surpasses the original ...
Nothing in the original prepared me for the energy , wit , and daring of this sequel ... the wildest , most joyous , flat-out comic-bookiest comic-book movie ever .
Everyone involved created a masterpiece of comic book film that 's better on every level than its predecessor ... this is the summer movie you 've been waiting for all year .
Spins a web of action , comedy and romance that tops the original .
Spider-Man 2 continues Parker 's adolescence with an identity crisis and a sort of superhero version of erectile dysfunction .
-LSB- Maguire -RSB- effortlessly reconciles the seemingly insurmountable problem of embodying ... the geek and the hero with genuine emotional nuance
Raises the bar a notch for all future super-hero films .
Raimi goes mid-Evil Dead all over this franchise and the result could n't be more perfect .
A visually dazzling spectacle and a technically creative triumph . Spider-Man 2 is a significant and grandly entertaining cinematic work .
Thank you Sam Raimi . I 'm in geek heaven because Spider-Man 2 is AWESOME !
Abundant action scenes that exhilarate the spatial senses and kept the CGI team harnessed to their workstations .
It 's worth twice the ticket price !
Crackerjack entertainment from start to finish .
Production values exceed those of the earlier film in creating a comic book world with design , costumes , cinematography and CG effects that deliver the ` wow ' factor in spades .
-LSB- F -RSB- aster , funnier and more entertaining than the original .
Spider-Man 2 is all you can ask for in summer fun .
Like Spider-Man before it , Spider-Man 2 is a superhero flick bursting at the seams with big emotions .
Confident , exciting , funny and crafted with real heart .


@highlight

Boasting an entertaining villain and deeper emotional focus , this is a nimble sequel that improves upon the original .