You walk into this film , hoping to feel claustrophobic but walk out trying to shake off boredom .
By the third act , we have seen so much of so little that the outcome leaves everyone shortchanged .
It 's the audience that gets locked into a `` deep vegetative state . ''
Shut In feels unfinished and scrappy . If you want to watch Watts wriggling around naked and bound in a bathtub , it may entertain you for five minutes , but the only thing that 's scary about it is the waste of talent .
Too generic , and is contained within a genre that needs innovation and resourcefulness to stand out from the crowd , as a saturated market where so few productions feel unique .
It 's more likely to have the viewer giggling in disbelief than gasping with shock .
It 's low-key and modestly budgeted , but perfectly well made , and Watts maintains a cool and steady presence .
This shockingly empty thriller has a great cast , but , while delivering its jump-scares , it completely ignores the story 's looming , daunting psychological and emotional ramifications .
This empty-headed ` thriller ' is tedious from the word go .
A film of a clumsy narrative that does n't offer anything surprising , reckless or frightening . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite a rather basic premise the film plays out more intriguingly than one might assume .
A psychological thriller , elegantly filmed , with a dream location worthy of a romantic comedy and good performances but collapses when the script takes to the ground of the ridiculous . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A horror film made up of annoying sounds , trite images and dialogues of the level of `` I must be going crazy '' and `` There is no such thing as ghosts ! '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most painful and unexciting movie going experiences of the year thus far .
How Shut In managed to get a worldwide release presents a bigger mystery than its story .
This movie is bad . It 's hilariously bad . The horror elements are wasted frivolously on silly jump scares including raccoons , dramatic grabbing of body parts , and every other horror trope in the book .
Alas , when you eventually do know the cause of her fears , Shut In loses its supernatural grip on you and becomes predictable .
This is a terrible , terrible , terrible movie .
There is n't one genuine thrill in the whole thing . I 've had bigger scares from my goldfish bowl .
Naomi Watts deserves better than this . So does Oliver Platt . So do we .
The formulaic plot is dragged out to tedious effect while we wait impatiently for the climax .
As Mary loses sleep , her paranoia worsens , yet Christina Hodson 's monotonous script fails to make Mary 's psychological struggles feel any more severe than a case of misplaced keys .
Watts gives her all to this overheated nonsense , but is powerless to make emotional sense of what turns out to be the story 's twisted central relationship , and ends up being just another fiercely maternal damsel in distress .
Before long , this disappointingly limp thriller devolves into something much more generic , relying on slasher movie tropes and a wildly improbable plot twist for its effect .
There have been many silly horror movies and psychological thrillers lately , but it 's difficult to think of one quite as dumb as ` Shut In ' ... -LSB- it -RSB- wo n't scare you , except with its awfulness , but if you need a good laugh it might do the trick .
This hokey horror film should have stayed cooped up .
In this achingly inept thriller , you will see Naomi Watts do what she can to sell a plot of such preposterousness that the derisory laughter around me began barely 20 minutes in .
Tedious - it 's a total waster of time and talent ...
It was a dark and stormy night . Suddenly , scads of cliches appeared on the horizon .
The film 's big twist perks up the previously staid storyline momentarily , before a storm of scary-movie clichés buries it good and deep .
The presentation is dull , the plot is plodding , and the characters are sketches of people we 've seen in better films .
Nary a surprise , nary a scare .
The mere act of deciding to buy a ticket to see it will provide more suspense than anything actually in the film .
The big twist is so ridiculous that viewers will more likely find themselves laughing at its sheer silliness than reeling from its dramatic rug-pulling .
Shut In is a very bad movie anchored by a very good lead performance .
`` Shut In '' is more effective as a 90-minute commercial for the L.L. Bean aesthetic than as a pseudo-psychological thriller .
Rather boring .
Focusing on mother protecting her son against a monster with a psychological thriller twist , Shut In is like The Babadook , except lame , and never remotely scary .
This is a disappointing waste of good acting talent , coupled with a very pedantic and not very intriguing story from first-time screenwriter Christina Hodson .

@highlight

Fatally undermined by a clichéd , confused plot and a total absence of thrills , Shut In wastes its talented cast -- and viewers ' time .