An ungainly horror film that tries to twist the genre in a new direction , but fails utterly . There are some truly horrific scenes , but nothing worth remembering afterwards .
An entertaining and incredibly demented commentary on how easily our wills can break when given the proper price tag .
It 's a striking yet simple premise that is , for the most part , employed to watchable -LRB- if unspectacular -RRB- effect by director David Guy Levy ...
A Frankenstein abomination that mates Dinner for Schmucks with Saw .
Jeffrey Combs is pretty much the reason to see this -LRB- or just about any -RRB- film .
It 's smart , slick and delightfully sick with a horrific but compelling game of survival that manages to give audiences a little food for thought along with their horror
A humdinger of a picture at times , guaranteed to rile up even the most jaded viewer , while presenting an interesting , if incomplete , portrait of human nature as it 's faced with a cold reality of choice and survival .
Hardly a most dangerous game night at the movies .
February or not , `` Would You Rather '' is an instant contender for feel-bad movie of the year , but please do not read this as a criticism .
Would You Rather may start out like `` the dinner party from hell , '' but becomes tastier and more tantalizing with every course .
A novel little combination of a few horror sub-genres that generally do n't hook up very often .
A lean , mean chillride that exercises your brain and your nerves at the same time .
This restrained exercise in torture porn benefits from its clever concept and restrained execution .
A derivative horror movie with highfalutin pretensions .
Director David Guy Levy 's witless homage to the `` Saw '' franchise and its ilk .
With a bit less grisliness , it could have been a mystery dinner-theater performance .
This ultra-nasty conceit should satisfy many a genre fan 's inner sadist .
A shrill Indiewood torture porn that , despite promised shocks and revulsions , does n't even have the conviction to hold its camera on the story 's most appalling twists .
Though Combs is clearly enjoying himself , the fun does n't always carry over to the audience .
I like the fact that Would You Rather has no stumbling zombies , werewolves with pecs or romantic vampires . The monsters are real people .
Would You Rather verges on genuine intrigue at times , but it 's ultimately just a slasher without the gore ...

@highlight

Though restrained by most torture porn standards , Would You Rather 's brilliant premise is ultimately harmed by its tendency towards blood and guts .