So-so thriller that is too intense for tweens .
Neither Macy nor Basinger nor the intriguing setup nor the bursts of situational wit can rescue this thriller from joining the category of movies that are so bad they 're good .
While the filmmakers did n't put much thought into making the plot believable , they were creative in constructing twists that are unexpected while ... organic to the story .
... a great way to release some urban angst .
Cellular utilizes remarkable efficiency and ingenious construction to realize an exciting and funny story that seems plausible enough under the circumstances .
A typical chase picture , albeit a good one .
Cellular cleverly fleshes out the premise of a cell phone being the connection between two strangers , and takes it from there .
... pure guilty-pleasure entertainment ... a one-gimmick pony that amazingly holds your attention for ninety minutes ...
Not just a matter of falling short of fulfilling potential ; this is a genuinely irritating , over-blown movie .
O bom ritmo e as competentes seqüências de ação quase nos fazem ignorar os colossais furos do roteiro e a implausibilidade da trama de modo geral .
It 's a smart dumb movie made by people who are intent on approaching ridiculous proceedings with wit and imagination .
A crisp , efficient , waste-free thriller that keeps us riveted for a full ninety minutes .
The movie has a primitive appeal , but you have to do a lot of forgiving and forgetting to let it work on you .
The film bogs down too much and too often to be entertaining ...
. . has enough thrills to keep you hooked , provided you suspend your disbelief for 92 minutes -- a hard feat , considering all the ludicrous curves it throws at you .
a realistic -LRB- for Hollywood -RRB- thriller that proceeds at a breakneck pace ... Kim Basinger and Chris Evans do terrific jobs .
Despite the occasional suspicion that you 're watching an extended phone advert , Cellular is surprisingly good fun - it 's fast-paced and inventive and even its dodgier moments are hilarious .
It worked for me . I had my over-critical circuits -LRB- and phone -RRB- turned off .
Cellular , based on a story by Larry -LRB- Phone Booth -RRB- Cohen , is a mobile phone thriller starring Nokia - it 's depressingly implausible
A slick , unpretentious little film that 's content with glowering villains , winsome protagonists and plot twists that provoke the occasional mild gasp .
It 's the classic Hitchcock ` wrong man ' set-up , pulled off with wit , energy , and a healthy sense of the ridiculous .
So well-crafted , fast-paced and comically self-aware it jauntily skips right over the holes in the plot .
Here 's to director Cohen - a lifetime 's worth of unlimited , anywhere minutes for his trouble .
It 's mad , bad nonsense of the summer , popcorn variety , disposable but oh-so-much fun to endure , a roller coaster on a wobbly cinematic track .
Using the clever premise , it packs a lot of thrills into a short space while keeping the level of tension consistently high .
Much like writer Larry Cohen 's other telephone thriller , Cellular is an exuberantly silly , more than a bit over-the-top B-movie thriller told with far more flair than it probably deserves .
Cellular does better when it phones in for laughs instead of thrills .
... leaves the audience wondering whether it should laugh along or simply wince .
You 're almost hoping a rude , obnoxious audience member talks loudly on his phone so you wo n't have to hear the outrageous script .
This unapologetic B-movie works simply because it has no pretensions at all .
... could be the off-the-hook worst movie of 2004 .
As a really mindless action-movie , Cellular 's not bad . It 's even moderately diverting . But it 's certainly nothing to call home about .
If you can cast all semblance of logic aside , it 's sort of fun .
A nifty little flick -- precisely the kind of well-done , unambitious genre piece I always find myself overpraising to friends .
Richard Dean Anderson would be proud .
Even if it overstays its welcome , Cellular turns out to be a nifty thriller buoyed by solid performances and catchy riffs of humor .
Crosses the line between offering mindless entertainment and insulting our intelligence .
Good acting , solid direction , and some genuine cleverness carry you right over the plot holes .
It was better than I thought it would be . ''
Buoyant , pleasantly pulpy , invigorating doodle .
The last half hour of the film is fantastic with some of the best action sequences I have ever seen . Newcomer Chris Evans shows he has what it takes to be a real action star .
Do n't hang up on this one ; `` Cellular '' really connects .
A ` Sorry , Wrong Number ' for the driving-while-talking generation ...
The pacing of this suspenseful thriller seemed almost perfect to me .
`` Cellular '' has an uneven ring .
Do n't hang up on Cellular - the silly setup gives way to an oft-thrilling adventure .
` Cellular ' moves so quickly and efficiently , you 'll wish accessing your voicemail were as easy .
The picture has a low-stakes , cop-show vitality to it ; it does n't pretend to be more than the sum of its parts .
Far from groundbreaking , but it is good , schlocky fun .
... fueled by an exhilarating rush of adrenaline , utilized often and consistently at several points of the narrative ... .
A solid combination of tension and comic relief .
If you 've seen everything else , and if you 're standing outside the theater at 7:10 and there 's a showing of Cellular at 7:20 , then by all means , go ahead and see it .
It 's Ellis 's dedication to providing an unrelenting series of silly B-movie set pieces that makes the ridiculous Cellular ring .
It 's perfecto as escapist moviegoer fare .
Instead of actually coming up with ideas that work , the filmmakers have decided to quickly barrel right over them in the hopes that the audience wo n't notice .
Sorry , wrong number . ... The title character -- our hero 's Nokia cellphone -- gets more , not to mention more interesting , tasks to perform than `` Cellular 's '' human co-stars .
Cellular is so corny it 's even behind its own time .
If you suspend your disbelief and hang on , Cellular is a fun ride .
Its adroit use of suspense makes you overlook the silliness .
I enjoyed every one of its 89 minutes .
Features more vehicular stunts and low-brow gags than the delicately contrived premise can comfortably support .
An absurdly concocted car chase and rescue operation predicated on the marvels of modern telecommunications .
A quick , efficient thriller that gets right to the point .
A plucky thriller that also serves as a satire on today 's instant - gratification phone culture .
Made me long for my free nights and weekends .
As the brand of thriller where ordinary people are in peril and forced to take extraordinary risks , Cellular is distressingly predictable and not a tad scary . But as a parody of the genre , it 's a scream .
Ellis , up from stunt work -LRB- but not very far -RRB- , hangs onto the whopper moments for dear life , even if cheap laughs outweigh a mother 's pain .
If Cellular were an actual telephone , it would work about as well as two tin cans and string .
Credibility is never the movie 's strong suit , but it does have a good-natured , B-movie attitude that keeps it watchable , and announces that Cellular does not want to be taken too seriously .
Ellis manages a few sudden shocks , but he and the editors never discovered the secret of ratcheting up suspense .
The movie has more flawed logic , lame coincidences and plot holes than the average cell phone has ring tones .
The story moves briskly , the action is pulse-charging , and the laughs are many .
Cellular is the year 's first feel-good thriller .
Highly improbable , maniacally action-packed .
There is nothing more to the movie than the usual thrills .
A well-detailed , fevered fantasy of how one sunny day in L.A. can go terribly , entertainingly wrong .
A goofy thriller that unfolds on a planet that looks like Earth but that operates by a completely different set of rules .
Belief ... getting ... too hard ... to suspend ... ca n't ... hang on ...
Logic has nothing to do with Cellular , but it 's so quick-moving and fun we do n't care .
Now you might think there 'd be at least a few chills in such a dire predicament , but -- several car chases , a bunch of dirty cops and any number of bogus plot twists later -- you 'd be proved wrong .
We 're sorry , but you have reached a movie that is disconnected from reality and is no longer of service to anyone .
Comes fully charged if just a little bit silly , a wham-bam action flick with no pretense and plenty of fun .
You 'd be able to laugh the whole thing off if it were n't so mean-spirited at times .
It is n't terrible , even if there are too many moments that rely on the central characters being either extremely stupid or unforgivably forgetful .
Schlocky and shallow , but it 's also the most invigoratingly fun , swift-moving and seamlessly plotted action movie to come along since Speed .
The true beauty of this film is how the dramatic tension builds to almost unbearable levels , only to be snapped by a bit of humor , and then over and over takes up once again .
This is one of the year 's best thrillers . Better than Phone Booth , for my money , and I liked that , too .
Do we really need to have the virtues of cellular technology and the so-over Nokia ring tone shoved down our throats ?
A ludicrous little abduction thriller that boasts an entertaining cocktail of gunpowder , suspense , adrenaline , and cheese .
This lifeline has a tenuous connection .
Do n't think . Just enjoy it .
-LSB- Macy 's performance is -RSB- a textbook example of how one good actor can transform a below-average movie into a pleasant experience .
At about the half-way point , it 's clear there will be no interesting character developments or sub-textual material to distract us from the increasingly goofy storyline .
-LSB- R -RSB- eminiscent of the old vaudeville act where the guy would come out and start spinning plates on sticks .
Once the action starts , you can forget about character development , but by then - who cares . You wo n't get big surprises in the outcome , but it 's still entertaining .
A breathless , energetic , impulsive and silly bit of popcorn fun .
-LSB- O -RSB- ne of those movies that succeeds partly by not being anywhere near as bad as you were expecting it to be -- by being , really , not so bad at all ...
Do n't take it all too seriously and have a good time ...
At last , a film for all the yahoos with a cell phone soldered onto their ears .
Mileage may vary , but if the idea of William H. Macy beating up someone roughly twice his size sounds like a hoot , then this may be just the movie you were looking for .
... ingenious .
Mistakes rapid-fire editing , unfocused and shaky camerawork , and shrill sound effects with authentic storytelling .
Illustrates what happens when a viable premise is spoiled by sheer preposterousness .
To be blunt , Cellular is one silly film , and requires a suspension of disbelief so heavy , a forklift is needed to haul it away by the film 's end .
There might not be a huge market for a Ned Flanders-like action hero , but in this movie it absolutely fit-diddley-its .
It 's all silly , of course , and you will laugh at the film more than you 'll laugh with it . But Cellular does offer a certain mindless pleasure and makes fun of itself .
So removed from reality we have to suspend even the suspension of disbelief .
Who 'd have thought Larry Cohen could come up with not one but two fast , forceful and sometimes funny thrillers about people whose lives depend on not hanging up a telephone ?
If thrills and spills like the ones in Cellular have been the stuff of melodrama since Pauline was tied to the tracks , mobile phones give a filmmaker more opportunities for cross-cutting and more weird hurdles to jump .
The fast-paced Cellular is an amalgam of familiar elements with one original plot device thrown together into a very entertaining stew .
The sort of swift , entertaining nonsense that 's perfect for the drive-in .
More entertaining than it has a right to be .
Ellis crafts an impressive procession of car chases , fight scenes and things going boom . And he keeps things moving at such a rip-roaring pace that all the ways in which this movie just does n't make any sense whatsoever blur into the background .
It 's an honest , unpretentious , well-made B picture with a clever , silly premise , a handful of sly , unassuming performances and enough car chases , decent jokes and swervy plot complications to make the price of the ticket seem like a decent bargain .
Rather schlocky but well-organized and mostly very entertaining .
We here at New Line Cellular ... have the plan for you ! ... 92 inflexible real-time minutes that are sure to pump up your fast-paced , action-packed lifestyle .
Dilutes any suspense by cramming its plot with contrivances .
Too inept to work as what it seems to be , and not clever enough to work as a spoof -- which , if you 're feeling charitable , is what you assume they intended .
A satisfying marriage of Hitchcockian suspense and brash B-movie energy .
Unfortunately , Cellular fails fairly miserably as a thriller because we soon learn that any jam Ryan finds himself in will easily get resolved in his favor .
Ninety of your anytime minutes that you 'll never get back .
This serviceable little thriller makes satisfyingly clever use of some of today 's most universal annoyances and benefits from the always-watchable William H. Macy .
When director David R. Ellis does nail the perfect popcorn-fest pacing for the script by Chris Morgan and the story by Larry Cohen ... the whole thing skims along on suspension of disbelief .
It 's like the madly busy climax of an action film stretched out to feature length .
Another outlandishly cliched L.A.-set movie thriller -- high on action , low on sense .
Interestingly , Phone Booth was an over-hyped bust , while this scrappy little B-movie zips along rather entertainingly . Maybe it 's a matter of lowered expectations -- and keep them low , because Cellular is no buried treasure .
Is n't just wireless -- it 's also brainless and virtually suspense-less ... a chain of recycled cliches . As Barbara Stanwyck might have said , ` Sorry , Wrong Number . '
This may be the first movie that would have been better off if it had cast actor Brian Baker , the Verizon Wireless ` Can you hear me now ? ' guy , as its young lead .
Funny , exciting and smart -LRB- as much as it can be -RRB- , Cellular is every bit the telephone-based heartstopper Phone Booth failed to be .
Idée simple , qui aurait pu donner un thriller efficace . Détrompez-vous . C'est une comédie , volontairement ou pas .
This movie shows you why I have caller ID on my cell phone . Cellular is a fun , exciting thriller with a sense of humor and storytelling .
The set pieces throb with radioactive shock , and the actors just strap on the lap bars , hoist their arms into the air and go along for the ride .
A fun film , Cellular is a comedic thriller with good energy and good laughs .
Incredibly stupid .
turns out to be an exciting thriller despite the fact that it 's just a desperate woman talking on the phone to a random stranger
in a better world , -LSB- it -RSB- would have focused on Macy and that pitch perfect brand of eager anxiety that can ... make any scene worth watching
... has all the earmarks of a genuinely smart thriller rewritten by a studio-lapdog script doctor who was told it did n't have enough car chases and comic relief .
A taut , crowd-pleasing thriller in which the improbable , if canny , premise is overlooked in exchange for what is an exceedingly fun ride .
A tepid recycling of old film noir chestnuts .
What the film does n't achieve is any real tension since a viewer is more caught up in how the movie is going to sustain the cell phone gimmick than in what happens to the hapless family .











@highlight

Though it 's gimmicky and occasionally feels like a high-end cell phone ad , Cellular is also an energetic and twisty thriller .