Chastain 's performance feels too skittish , if not a little mad straight out of the blocks , playing into the hands of Strindberg 's chauvinistic portrait of Julie , rather than challenging it .
The result is decent rather than spectacular .
The film has a singular focus on these characters and their power struggles of class and gender , but fails to ever feel like it 's really going anywhere .
Miss Julie , directed by Liv Ullmann whose only concern is delivering an honest rendition of August Strindberg , succeeds in doing just that .
Miss Julie 's acid dialogue and sardonic twists burn down to the bone of costume drama 's fattened arm , its darkness closer to original-series Upstairs Downstairs than to polished one-percenter porno Downton Abbey .
Altogether , it is a classy production , but it rarely gets past the outward forms and down to the inner truths .
Chastain is as brittle and fragile a Miss Julie as ever there was .
It starts off as a will-they-won ` t-they as to whether Chastain 's baron 's daughter will sleep with Farrell . It ends up as a will-they-won ` t-they ever shut up . Should have been called Shouting Miss Julie .
Farrell and Morton are solid , but Chastain 's sensational - and Ullmann is canny enough to simply let her rip .
In maintaining the period setting , Ullmann has n't found a way to make the themes feel particularly relevant and , despite the committed performances , the intended naturalism of the play feels too theatrical on film .
Liv Ullmann 's adaptation of August Strindberg 's play might best be billed as a midsummer night 's sex tragedy . It is on the overwrought side .
All talents are ill-served by the unambitious handling of the material .
Polished , but lacking in scandalous tragedy .
The adaptation is Ullmann 's own , and it has been done with purpose and intelligence .
The film remains mostly boxed up in the kitchen , and the upstairs-downstairs tension , in both senses , dissipates .
It occasionally looks too theatrical and the scene with Julie 's canary might remind you of Oscar Wilde 's lines about Little Nell . Yet there is passion .
Miss Julie feels stubbornly theatrical , rather than cinematic ; Ullmann 's dispassionate camera conveys little urgency or momentum , and her use of cutaways to highlight details like photographs and knives is painfully heavy-handed .
Thrillingly raw and ghoulish , making the most out of minimal cinematic ingredients with rare emphasis on pure human explosion .
The film is visually bland , with only a couple of bookending outdoor sequences around a handful of interior sets .
It smoulders and smokes and generates some heat but it never really bursts into flame .
Anyone interested in spellbinding performances , however , should see Miss Julie .
A compelling clash of upstairs/downstairs class values , this is one of the rare examples of filmed theatre that is able to move well beyond the usual static frontiers of that genre .
Strong performances , but play adaptation is too talky .
Morton , one of the least artificial actresses in the world , charts her character 's heartbreak without any of the self-pity normally assigned to ordinary women .
What Ullmann 's done is create the ideal conditions for these three to do electrifying work with each other . She maintains control so they can lose it .
Well-acted , if austere and overlong
The film 's themes - sexual power , class struggle , money , gender , - are as relevant as ever .
The problem is that as played by Chastain and Farrell -LRB- or perhaps as directed by Ullmann -RRB- , the sexual tension comes off as intellectualized , not actual .
Claustrophobic , basically unexciting and heavy-handed .
`` Miss Julie '' is a rather strange experience , with its consistently static medium shots of the three actors , as they roar their lines at one another . But it has an undeniable power .
The heat that should saturate the film as betrayals mount and boundaries are broken flickers and dies many times over `` Miss Julie 's '' languid two-plus hours .
... long , actionless , and slow ... annoying and inscrutable ... There were a couple of things good about it , however . Samantha Morton gives a fine performance ... and the cinematography of late 19th Century Ireland is rewarding .
It 's a handsomely mounted , intentionally claustrophobic film ; too claustrophobic over the long haul , with relentless close-ups that constrict the galvanic emotions on display .
`` Miss Julie '' is a strangely clinical movie experience . It 's a story that makes an impression without leaving a mark .
An austere , pared-down take that does one thing extremely well : It allows actors Jessica Chastain , Samantha Morton and especially Colin Farrell to shine .
Chastain has never gone this loose cannon before , and you can sense a private thrill at not caring how precise she is , at going wild and getting close to embarrassing herself .
`` Their subordinate ranks as a woman and a lowborn servant , respectively , should inspire sympathy , but their self pity is so thorough and one-note that their distress is no more compelling or resonant than a pair of dogs noisily licking their wounds . ''
Ullmann 's way is the wrong way to do `` Miss Julie , '' but this is the best version of this wrong way you 're ever likely to find .
Much more convincing than Mike Figgis 's 1999 screen adaptation , starring Saffron Burrows , it is a grueling slog through a hell of torment , cruelty and suffering .
The film is no tearjerker , but it makes the stage play 's hidebound , soul-baring pleasures mesmerizing on screen , and without copping to reductivism .
Chastain , who seems incapable of a bad performance , brings an Ophelia-like vulnerability to Miss Julie , the lonely and depressed daughter of a count .
Strenuously acted dramas make for strenuous viewing , and Liv Ullmann 's rigorous adaptation of Strindberg 's Miss Julie , which uproots the action to 19th-century Ireland , is no exception .
While Farrell , Chastain , and Morton flex their theatrical muscles in entertaining ways , a 129 minute runtime proves to be bloated , exhausting , and unnecessarily drawn out .
Chastain 's electrifying performance places among the great female dramatic turns in a literary tragedy , from Nina Pens Rode in ` Gertrud ' to Nastassja Kinski in ` Tess ' and Isabelle Huppert in ` Madame Bovary . '
All the tremendous claustrophobic intensity of the original is scattered to the winds . And that will not go unnoticed by theatre lovers , who should be the immediate audience of such a film .
Ullmann 's version of `` Miss Julie '' exists in a special cinematic category ; it 's toxic , it 's hypnotic , and passionately translates Strindberg 's genius instinct for enlightening the multi-layered psychological spectrums of human desire for lust and power .
A ponderous , stately affair that lacks relevance and only acquires intermittent power .
Liv Ullmann 's worshipful but static adaptation of the classic Strindberg play fails to work as a film , despite impressive perfs .

@highlight

Miss Julie definitely gives Jessica Chastain and Colin Farrell room to shine , but neglects to leave them a solid enough setting to augment their efforts .