Johnny Knoxville , Bam Margera and company prod themselves into a hilariously fascinating exploration , and exploitation , of their own psychological fears . After all , a director like Spike Jonze would n't be a hanger-on if there were no subtext .
The older the pranksters get , the grimmer their stunts feel
It 's very funny , and I struggled to muffle my wild laughter most of the time .
The schoolboy skits are shorter and greater in number than the first Jackass movie , but the laughs and howls they provoke are just as loud and many .
If you 're not a fan , get off your high horse and unleash your inner 15-year-old masochist !
Thanks to Knoxville and co. , there is no stunt left untested , no boundary unbroken and no gag reflex left unprovoked in Jackass : Number Two - and this , resolutely , is a great thing .
It 's almost like getting the band back together , which is great for Jackass fans if they do n't mind that the super-group is pretty much set on playing the exact same tune .
You laugh , you cringe , you wonder what the hell modern civilization is coming to .
... it 's ultimately impossible to deny the comedic value of such interludes .
Jackass : Number Two is a lot like the first Jackass , but with Oscar winners .
Jackass : Number Two aims low and hits lower , but is as hilarious and uncomfortable an encounter as possible .
... the film does elicit some genuine laughs , and that is what a comedy should do .
It 's hard to like Jackass these days , but it 's impossible to hate it either .
... a film that aims for the lowest-common denominator and falls even shorter .
It 's probably fair to warn animal-lovers that there 's a fair amount of animal distress in the movie - snakes , in particular , get a pretty rough deal all round and the bulls do n't seem too happy either .
-LSB- A -RSB- sporadically hilarious assortment of weapons-grade idiocy .
Remember kids , do n't try this at home . Or anywhere else for that matter .
Niilista como o original , torna-se moderadamente divertido em função de seu inesperado número musical e do sentimento de camaradagem entre seus astros , que parecem realmente torcer uns pelos outros .
Fortunately , several of these stunts are amusing and amazing , combining courage with a witty idea .
The bottom line with Jackass Number Two is as it was for Jackass Number One . If you are susceptible to its faecally-focused charms , chances are you will have a frolicking good time with it . If not , you have been warned
A lot more money than when they made their first film . But no more sense .
oddly enduring , crap though
The title tells all . To hell with it .
I could n't look away , and neither could anyone else in the audience I saw the movie with . We hooted and hollered at the screen , captured by a single involuntary impulse .
Like the happy train wreck Jackass has always been , the boys deliver sequences at once stomach-turning and undeniably entertaining ...
I ca n't recommend their methods , I will applaud their energy and commitment to this particular brand of stupidity .
Vomit.There . If that got your attention , and it sickened you , please proceed to another review .
Repetition is the point and the sticking point of Number Two , which is all about self-reference and reiteration .
It 's sadomasochism at its drunkest .
The film 's candid-camera skits are mostly unoriginal .
Irresponsible ? Sure . But for the most part , also funny -- and that 's the point .
The screams of laughter come fast and furious in this frat boy 's fever dream of a circus sideshow .
It 's all pretty hysterical , in a cathartic , if cringe-inducing way , but it becomes too much for one sitting , as even the participants themselves are at times shocked by what unfolds .
While the movie wallows in bad taste and will never be mistaken for high art , it 's effing hilarious . So there .
You just wan na know if it 's good , right ? Oh , yes , it 's good .
The material alternates between nauseatingly grotesque and frighteningly cruel , with only a smidgen of humorous Trigger Happy TV-like asides to quell the torture .
Flat-out the funniest film ever made .
It tells us seomthing about the demoralizing state of movie audiences today when donkey dung like this tops the box-office .
Made for an audience that actually thinks Beavis and Butthead were meant to be desirable role models .
As awesome as it is stupid -LRB- and that 's pretty awesome -RRB- Jackass Number Two is an idiot 's delight . Simple , unadulterated sub-mental joy .
I laughed more in the first fifteen minutes than I have in the entirety of any 90-minute comedy this year . At the risk of sounding like a sicko , I liked this depraved movie a lot .
Just like the Lord of the Rings , I ca n't wait for the third part of this trilogy .
There 's no denying the ingenuity it takes to design this stuff . Who else besides Knoxville would think to wrestle a boa inside a kids ' ball pit ?
The laughs here are so big - I 'm talking doubled-over , fall-out-of-your-seat big - that they are meant to be shared in a theatre full of similarly helpless viewers .
Quality is relative when you 're talking about a movie where a man ingests beer through a tube inserted into his rectum .
You 've got to give it to the Jackass crew : their commitment to their crass craft is awe-inspiring .
Ask yourself this : Did the title make you laugh ? If so , you 're probably the target audience .
The first half hour was hilarious . The second half hour got repetitious and tedious .
To call the humor sophomoric would be to overstate its sophistication . Call it infantile , and you 'll be much closer to the mark . But it 's hard to deny that many of the more outrageous bits have an exhilaratingly potent , shock-you-into-guffawing impact .
One of the more positive things I can say about JNT is that it serves the function of a crash diet : After seeing it , you will not want to eat again for a very , very long time .
The movie does n't break any kind of new ground but who really expected it to ? It 's still good for a laugh .
There are worse things to be found in the slimiest corners of the Internet , but this second film installment of the MTV series brings the lowest excesses of webcam exhibitionism to the mutiplex .
I do n't recall being in physical pain from laughing -LRB- which happened a couple of times during the first film -RRB- , but the sequel still delivers what it promises . This is the Godfather II of tasteless prank films .
You have to marvel at the way these guys keep coming up with ingenious ways to hurt themselves .
The images burn into the retina like the spots you get from staring at the sun .
A solid hour-and-a-half , plus outtakes , of gratuitous violence and endless stupidity .
Though I understand that the film is intent on being no. 1 in no. 2 , it is not ever necessary to show someone making doody on camera , thanks .
Only adolescent boys -- the movie 's target audience , despite a well-earned R rating -- will appreciate the most extreme gross-out gags , none of which can be described in a family newspaper .
At the end of the film , one actor pronounces , ` It 's just not funny anymore , and I want to go home . ' Amen to that .
If the judges stuck hooks in the American Idol contestants and used them for bait each week , even I would have to tune in occasionally .
... when seen with a rapt , rowdy audience , the film becomes ... a joyful celebration of the depths of human degradation .
Some segments hit , some miss , but watching these casually captured shenanigans is , in a sense , refreshing , because it makes us realize how inured we are as an audience to action sequences from all the same , predetermined Hollywood angles .
The movie does what it set out to do : entertain its core audience of guys like me who were weaned on Beavis and Butt-head .
It does exactly what it 's supposed to do .
If anything , we can always count on Johnny Knoxville 's Jackass crew to find creative new ways to make us squirm .
Just as outrageous as fans were hoping it would be .
The only thing that might be considered amusing in the entire film are scenes in which the irksome Bam Margera finally gets some comeuppance .
Some will call this movie a symptom of cultural decay , but if it is , who the hell wants to be cultured ?
True to its aim , Jackass 2 probably will leave fans more satisfied than the vast majority of films this year have left moviegoers .
The double feat of Jackass is that it weds the obviously juvenile with the arrestingly profound . The boys of Delta Kappa Epsilon and their TAs can watch this movie in the same theater .
A masterpiece .
If there were an Academy Award for Picture Most Likely to Make an Audience Puke , then Jackass : Number Two would win it hands down .
You 'll laugh 'til you puke , if you do n't puke first .
The Jackass crew uses their stunts to test their immunity -- to skull fractures , to deadly infections , to permanent damage , and , most importantly , to growing up .
As H.L. Mencken acidly noted , no one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the general public .
Knoxville at one point sports a T-shirt with a slogan that says it all : `` F *** Art : Let 's Dance . ''
There is inherently something riotous about watching a man get pubic hairs glued to his face . I 'm not sure why , but it just is .
The jackass films were made for the sole purpose of getting a crowd of drunken lunkheads together for a night of brainless hilarity . Nothing more , nothing less .
Their second feature film features much of the same and then much more of the same as a few really big laughs almost forgive how repetitive it all is .
There 's no debating the Jackass gang 's commitment to our amusement , but I find it more tolerable in thirty minute doses -- with commercials .
You can be offended all you want , but laughing at a guy who craps on a miniature toilet is only one step away from the cute baby who slips in his poop on America 's Funniest Home Videos .
Yes , it contributes to the decline of Western civilization , but yes , it 's funny .
more absurd and grotesque than we 've seen before , as if everything prior was merely child 's play .
Debased , infantile and reckless in the extreme , this compendium of body bravado and malfunction makes for some of the most fearless , liberated and cathartic comedy in modern movies .
The new dose of Jackass is way dumber , grosser and gayer -LRB- there are more things shoved up male butts than a cowboy could dream of up on Brokeback Mountain , and the guys even sing a homo anthem from La Cage aux folles -RRB- .
It would be easy to go on at length about how tasteless and repulsive the movie is , but what 's really depressing about it is the repetitiveness and tedium .
I could n't help laughing at these idiots .
Whether you laugh , shriek or fight the urge to puke reveals as much about you as years of psychotherapy .
Here 's a way to spend 90 minutes completely devoid of social benefit .
If ever a studio film was released in theaters with the power of making audience members puke all over themselves , this is it .
I do n't know what to say about Jackass : Number Two . What is there to say , after all , about a 95-minute foray into feces , intestinal gas , horse semen and a beer funnel inserted into a body cavity that 's quite obviously not someone 's mouth ?
Of course these capers do hurt and the frisson of real danger is always there . But the performers understand the simple integrity of a slapstick gag , and they 're prepared to suffer for its entertainment value .
Strange as it might be to say , Jackass : Number Two is just the kind of vicarious excitement for which the movies were invented .
If you 're expecting anything other than morons being morons , then you 're the jackass .
One must admit , however grudgingly , that there 's a kind of warped integrity in their compulsion to keep topping each wretched stunt -- sometimes within the same stunt .
You have to admire the fact that , for these guys , ` anything for a laugh ' really means anything . And for all the moronic behavior , there are also some inspired dadaist moments .
Be forewarned , when you 're not laughing out loud you could well be trying hard not to lose your lunch .
As merry pranksters they have no match , and as they age -LRB- Knoxville is 35 now -RRB- , they only grow in appeal .
Even if you ca n't stomach -LRB- or stand -RRB- what they 're up to , you still have to admit that these goons execute their gags exceptionally well .
This movie has upped the ante so much that I think the only way a third can top it is to intentionally cripple or kill one of the guys .
It 's seems so pathetic and desperate Steve-O . You do n't need to lose a limb in order to be loved . Enough .


@highlight

Better than any sequel to a movie of a television show has a right to be , Jackass : Number Two dares you not to laugh .