It 's a respectable , luxurious production that moves quickly for its length , but never quite brings to life a time in history of enormous social and political upheavals that may seem distant to many viewers .
The question of whether Dominic Graf 's costume drama romance Beloved Sisters needs to be three hours long is an academic one on many levels .
The premise of Beloved Sisters is alluring and entertaining . The cast is gorgeous , as is the cinematography and painterly tableaux ... However , Graf does Schiller , his contemporaries , and the events of the time a disservice .
It 's a fascinating story , and as he explores the giddiness and disillusionment of this peculiar love triangle , filmmaker Dominik Graf gives us something peculiar : a history lesson disguised as a soap opera .
A dull film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Making great use of a narrator , the film has a storybook quality to it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like the three-hour historical epics of old , Beloved is a big , chewy melodrama , filled with simmering yearning and cold sweats .
With its heavy-breathing material , Beloved Sisters has possibilities , but veteran director Dominik Graf swerves recklessly between the arthouse and soap opera .
Its rewards include some remarkable performances -LRB- the girls ' mother , Claudia Messner , is a standout -RRB- ; a convincing sense of time and place ; and some romantic encounters with a genuine erotic charge .
It 's epic stuff , and at 170 minutes it 's a commitment . Schiller seems to be blazing a trail for German über-confidence , seeing his modern man as the grand product of all that 's been right with history .
Best executed with churning emotions and period-specific cruelties , offering director Dominik Graf something to work his fingers through instead of passively recounting Schiller 's admittedly flavorful existence .
Dominik Graf 's Beloved Sisters -LSB- displays -RSB- a fascinating visual approach that distinguishes the film apart from its period counterparts .
We wait in vain for that bout of unrestrained passion to put an exclamation point on the threesome .
If nothing else , `` Beloved Sisters '' is one of the most visually striking biopics around . Too bad you have to wade through so much verbiage in order to enjoy it .
Without at least the tawdry pleasure of a little bodice ripping , the film moves along sluggishly , even though it is well acted and handsomely shot .
A much better version of its genre and its scenario than the average .
When an occasional blast of purple dialogue is triggered -LRB- such as `` Save me from my passion ! '' -RRB- , it only makes you wish for the unintellectual bodice ripper that the movie should have been .
Beautiful historical drama passionately depicts political , social , cultural revolutionary fervor sweeping 18 century Europe inspires 2 women to find ways around restrictions .
As speculative history inspired by a true story , this epic period melodrama would have made for some juicy 18th-century German tabloid fodder .
`` Beloved Sisters '' might scratch your costume drama itch , but it 's not among the genre 's best .
If more historical movies were like Beloved Sisters , the term `` costume drama '' would be less of an insult .
As lengthy and passionate as a drawn-out kiss , `` Beloved Sisters '' is a beautifully made romantic drama set in 18th century Germany that 's smart , sensual and emotionally resonant .
The two actresses navigate the emotional complexity of their roles with quicksilver intuition and what seems like near-bottomless empathy .
With its dearth of substance and its wandering focus , this is a middlebrow bodice-ripper posing as an epic that has n't the foggiest idea of what it wants to say .
This is a world where everyone is continually waiting for letters , visitors , inheritances , and a future that promises personal and political freedom ; as such , it ca n't help but be poignant .
The resulting menage a trois is the driving force behind this handsomely produced if occasionally rather old-fashioned feeling period drama , which plays like a soap opera in which the characters just happen to have better manners and finery .
An unusually intelligent costume drama of bold personalities torn between the stirrings of the heart and the logic of the mind , while casting his revealing gaze upon Western Europe 's bumpy transition from the 18th to 19th century .
There 's nothing airless or genteel about it ; on the contrary , it fairly seethes with life and passion , like the three sides of the doomed love triangle it describes .
An in-depth and extensive exploration of an unconventional love affair in a highly conventional society .
Those who do take on Beloved Sisters ' nearly three-hour running time and somnambulant appeal will discover a surprisingly modern story of women who dared to flaunt convention and approach love , marriage and society on their own terms .
Graf freshens the pretty period trappings with a headlong embrace of every old-fashioned detail : omniscient narration , characters directly addressing the camera , intertitles .
The movie is gorgeous , awash in lavish costumes and stunningly detailed sets . But it 's merely a wash thematically , leaving us with 170 minutes -LRB- ! -RRB- of unabashedly grandiose fan fiction .
A wonderful , literate yet humanly engaging portrait of a famous , rumored ménage a trois which makes the entire era come thrillingly to life .
The handsomely mounted , beautifully acted epic biopic succeeds in reducing the lives of three important figures in German literary history to a rather banal love triangle .
Tensions mount in the film 's somewhat creaky second half . Still , Graf maps these complications with deftness and sensitivity .
It goes down easy , like high-grade comfort food . But with revolution in the air -LRB- both literal and sexual -RRB- , the ache of the three leads is enough to sweep you up .
Fascinating subject , a period lovingly created , but weakly cast and rather tediously filmed and narrated .
Beloved Sisters moves at an almost breathless clip , without ever violating its characters ' slow sense of time , which is defined by horse-drawn coaches and posted letters .
More speculative period fiction than fact , albeit a marginally diverting one .
An alluring performance by Hanna Herzsprung as a passionate , creative , and accomplished woman who is used to getting what she wants .
A forgettable non-event ... almost as aggravating as David Cronenberg 's A Dangerous Method .
It blossoms into a breezily utopian depiction of a ménage á trois whose entirely matter-of-fact presentation sets up an intriguing dissonance with the prim period setting .

@highlight

Smart , vivid , and powerfully acted , Beloved Sisters injects new life into its pretty period tropes and soapy plotting .