When it comes to politics , the South Park boys mistake contempt for humor .
The whole thing plays like Thunderbirds Goes to Hell and will doubtless offend all those numskulls who complained about the BBC 's transmission of Jerry Springer : The Opera . For that alone , it gets my vote .
The jarhead action , intentionally crappy parody songs , mélange of terrorist gibberish and semi-sensible anatomical analogies for foreign policy all let `` Team America '' rowdily resurrect the Zucker Brothers ' spirit of peerless , puerile genre satire .
Raunchy action comedy from South Park team is n't for kids .
Putting the fun back into misanthrope
When it 's not beating us over the head with `` clever political satire '' , it can be a fun film .
Geniuses of satire Matt Stone and Trey Parker bring more laughs to the big screen after their wildly funny 1999 movie `` South Park : Bigger Longer and Uncut '' with a cast of square-jawed marionettes fighting terror by way of North Korea 's Kim Jong II in a re
As usual , heart and soul have been poured into an enterprise that Parker and Stone want you to think they just knocked off after a night of smoking weed .
... hurt by Parker and Stone 's reliance on speechifying and heavy-handed diatribes ...
Bottom line : nice puppetry , crappy movie .
The film 's heroes ... move through the world convinced they are doing good ; they do n't even notice that they 've leveled Paris in the process of defending it ...
So what if the political satire is as thin as wax paper ? ... In the end , the gleeful action , absurd silliness and crude pleasures outweigh the film 's weaknesses .
Mass chaos one instant and a tender love moment the next ... the perfect roast of Bay/Bruckheimer !
-LSB- Parker and Stone 's -RSB- merciless mockery of Hollywood action clichés , particularly those found in Jerry Bruckheimer 's productions , could n't be more accurate .
The year 's smartest , most impressive comedy .
What marks Parker and Stone as satirists rather than shock jocks is their perceptive analysis of the world 's craziness .
The puppets are extremely impressive and the fact that the strings are constantly visible is used to brilliant comedic effect , particularly during one of the film 's crudest scenes .
`` Will have you howling with laughter , unable to stop even to catch breath . ''
The funniest movie of the year !
A hilariously irreverent look at post-9 / 11 America .
The result seems almost as hypocritical as many of the movie 's targets , which ultimately defeats the movie 's intentions .
The marionettes run interference with our Hollywood-formula comfort zones -- forcing a fresh look at the hateful stupidity we take for granted every weekend at the multiplex .
Perhaps the weirdest aspect of the movie is that , after a while , the puppets start to feel like real action movie characters .
Surprisingly good natured given its take-no-prisoners lampooning of ethnic and cultural stereotypes , the war in Iraq , homosexuality , AIDS ... not to mention Hollywood 's finest .
Screamingly , achingly funny . It 's the kind of movie that repeatedly hits a comic high note and holds it for a sustained period .
Who knew that marionettes could be so tender , crude and aggressive in the bedroom ?
I never imagined that the current geopolitical scenario could be boiled down so succinctly , or cleverly , into a five minute speech about `` P*ss ies '' , `` D*cks '' , and `` A ** holes '' .
Parker and Stone reach beyond easy sendup of foreign relations , acknowledging xenophobia 's longstanding stronghold in popular entertainment .
As quickly as Parker and Stone win us over with their raunchy wartime send-up , they let victory slip away with one snide , silly , gross scene after another .
Like a fantasy project developed by a dirty-minded child , and we can all share in the adolescent stupidity and irresponsibility of it . It 's a blast .
Armed with an offbeat intelligence ... Team America : World Police is a diabolically spunky punch to the political groin that takes no prisoners ... does n't miss a naughty beat
I give credit to satirists Parker and Stone for having the wherewithal to slaughter sacred cows and show that hypocrisy is evident on both sides of the political aisle .
It 's so accurate that it 's barely parody .
-LSB- The -RSB- real target is the polarized state of society . All extremes get an equal bashing here , as they well deserve .
makes a surprisingly cogent , if gleefully vulgar , political argument that has legs because it does n't take easy sides
Although it can get a bit wearing on me to watch puppets , this is so well written and so tongue in cheek , that it was a pleasure .
I was laughing my butt off in the first 35 minutes of the film ...
The thing is silly as hell and having Kim Jong Il sound like Eric Cartman from `` South Park '' is a stroke of genius . This is a very funny film and should be seen forthwith .
Juvenile in the worst sense : confused and frightened by the adult world , and begging to be protected .
Made laugh so hard , I almost blew snot all over my own mother .
Hypocrites of all stripes better stay out of the South Park boys ' sights .
Shocking , funny , and socio-politically astute
About a third of Team America exhibits deliriously trashy bad taste , but most of the rest is just tasteless to the point of being infantile .
Trey Parker and Matt Stone do what they do best - provide the character voices , poke fun at everything , and write semi-genius songs to place between the off-color humor .
Juvenile ? Sure . Funny ? Certainly -- though not nearly as often as one might reasonably expect from these guys .
The satirical sharpness that defines the duo 's at-times incandescently brilliant `` South Park '' has been shunted aside in favour of vomit gags and screaming homophobia .
By turns hilarious , idiotic , thoughtful , scatological , and occasionally all of these at the same time .
Surprisingly free of painful barbs .
When a marionette has sex or vomits , you are watching comedy gold , my friends .
There are too many gags that fall flat and the strain of an all-marionette cast shows all too often .
Worse , it loses its edge early on , Stone and Parker not going far enough for the attacks to be anything other than purely prurient .
The first work from Parker and Stone that I 'd describe as a failure of nerve .
Laugh hard , laugh long , but just laugh at true greatness .
Gleefully profane , excessively violent , and refreshingly lewd .
It 's a mess , an all over the place , everything but the kitchen sink jamboree of potty humor , cheap shots and missed opportunities .
I thought it was pretty clever .
Team America is at once grandiose and tacky , elaborate and deflationary .
Team America is a poke in the nose , a kick in the pants to namby-pamby types afraid of offending anyone . It 's rather liberating , which , is what Team America is all about .
This parody is flat and tediously cynical , but the hilarious gags had this critic laughing out loud most of the way .
Team America : World Police is controversial , vulgar , and politically incorrect . Bless Parker and Stone for making it .
Using 9/11 and its aftermath , in fact , is pretty risky business for these sophomoric South Park guys .
I have n't laughed myself to tears in a while , but this movie made it happen ... does n't quite hold itself together all the way through , otherwise it might 've been a slam dunk .
Using the `` F '' word fifty million times is not brilliant script writing
Trey Parker may not advance the cause of freedom , but he 'll go to it laughing , and that 's worth several times my buck-o-five .
It is the funniest political satire I 've seen in a long time . It would have been great if it had anything interesting to say about politics .
... one of the funniest films you 'll ever feel -LRB- this -RRB- uncomfortable about laughing out loud at ... remember : if you laugh , the terrorists win .
Many other critics have praised it , but I find it hard to enjoy a film so offensive . Be sure to keep kids away .
Jonathan Swift said : `` Satire is a sort of glass , wherein beholders do generally discover everybody 's face but their own . '' Trey Parker are Matt Stone are fiendish satirists .
Despite the film 's originality , I grew tired of looking at all those puppets after about 15 minutes , which is how I usually I feel when watching any wooden actors .
Finally a fair and balanced report , a satire on the foibles of the political left and right alike .
Team America puts Michael Moore and company to shame by being fair and balanced in its comic assault on the left and right .
Hilarious ... I ca n't give out more information without committing a hate crime .
For giggling , politically savvy homo-repressed teenagers , Team America : World Police is hardly as funny as it should be so it gets 2 stars -- make it 3 if you sniff glue .
A film that earns the phrase satire , Team America is a film thatt understands neo cons and celebrities are really led by their strings .
Political junkies have long been wondering if there would be an October surprise ... Now we know the answer . Team America : World Police is that surprise .
The most embarrassingly entertaining movie I 've seen all year .
It would be abhorrent if it were n't so screamingly funny .
Profane and sometimes bitingly funny .
Team America is not as funny as the South Park movie , and some of its juvenile humor falls flat . But when Team America works , it falls squarely into the category of guilty pleasure .
The gags fall flat as often as they hit their mark .
Funny string-driven action satire .
I laughed all the way through Team America .
Parker-Stone fans are likely to have a grand time .
Hilarious .
As puppetry , Team America is stilted . As satire , it 's gutless and lazy . And as comedy , it barely delivers laughs .
Three times in the course of Team America : World Police I laughed so hard I thought I was crying , and when I checked , sure enough .
The irreverent duo plays it surprisingly safe here .
Outrageously , gut-bustingly hilarious .
-LSB- For -RSB- all its ... flailing outrage , all its deliberate provocations ... beneath all the vulgarity , -LSB- this is -RSB- a poignant , mournful search for that missing middle ground ...
Quite a bit of the film 's political satire is surprisingly smart and amusing .
There are plenty of laughs to be had in this .
There is a special place in the satire hall of fame for any movie that can prompt public rebukes from both Matt Drudge and Sean Penn. .
Team America is uproariously funny when it 's not completely disgusting .
It 's rude and raunchy , and it has a message -- sort of . You have to wade through an awful lot of obscenity to get to it , though .
There is something in Team America : World Police to offend anyone , which is a good thing , but there 's not quite enough to please everyone , which has to be reckoned a letdown .
Sophomoric , vulgar , obscene and brilliant .
It may be one of the strangest pieces of entertainment to hit multiplexes in some time , but in terms of its politics , it 's one of the sanest .
Consistently hilarious .
Caustic fun .
It may not tell you who you should vote for , but Team America : World Police conclusively proves everything is funnier when it 's done by marionettes .
Entertaining as it is at the start , Team America ends up falling back on the kind of foul language that feels more forced than exuberant .
The funniest movie of the year .
Wonder what Matt Damon did to piss these guys off ?
Team America : World Police is this decade 's Dr. Strangelove .
Rude , crude and lewd . As nasty as it is naughty . Savagely satirical . Sexually disturbing . And absolutely for adults only . Most of that is a good thing .
Team America is an assault on good taste , but it is so relentlessly funny you 'll not only welcome the attack , but come back for seconds and thirds .
Though Team America has knee-slapping moments , too much mirth has too little on its mind .
A technical step forward from South Park .
Mission accomplished .
Utterly vile , purposefully malicious and just stone brilliant a good deal of the time , Team America : World Police contains something to offend virtually everybody . Yes , even you .
Team America is a hoot , and a technical achievement .
The film is extremely hit-and-miss .
There are laughs here , some resulting from sharp satirical observations and some from gross-out gags .
It does n't stand for anything beyond the ability to stand there and mock everything .
The South Park team 's sendup of Hollywood action epics and the war on terror is at once admirably furious and sophomorically infuriating .
The creators of South Park have outdone themselves .
Like a cocky teenager who 's had a couple of drinks before the party , -LSB- Parker and Stone -RSB- do n't have a plan for who they want to offend , only an intention to be as offensive as possible .
These filmmakers do know what 's funny , but they do n't know when it stops being funny .
In terms of logistics and overall filmmaking , this is a quantum leap over anything the team has previously attempted .
non-stop , unadulterated raunchiness , with a handful of parodies and unwholesome musical numbers thrown in for good measure .
A smart movie trapped in the body of a dead-end action flick .
... offers a foreign policy that 's more cogent and practical than anything we 've heard during the presidential debates .
Hilarious , yes ; but one can almost already hear the film 's rousing theme song , ` America : F -- ck Yeah ! , ' blasting unironically from boom boxes across the country ...
... an occasionally hilarious , frequently anemic parody that misses its opportunity to permanently document a scathing critique of current events .
To put it gently , this makes `` Bad Santa '' look positively angelic .
-LSB- Team America : World Police is -RSB- a roller coaster ride that works most of the time and keeps the laughs coming .
Boasts the best and funniest vomit scene since Monty Python and the Meaning of Life .
If this movie offends or shocks you , then the past couple seasons of South Park will kill you .
Huge laughs are offset by dead spots .
Like South Park : Bigger , Longer & Uncut , the filmmakers reveal their true genius lies in their musical abilities .
Brutally violent , grotesquely gross and funny enough to make you fight not to wet your pants , Team America : World Police pegs the R-rated raunch meter .
A shout out to the bad boys of comedy for a film that 's lewd and crude and brimming with attitude .
-LSB- Parker and Stone -RSB- are n't always as evenhanded with their satirical barbs as they profess to be .
Parker and Stone unleash the Jerry Bruckheimer id with the movie we all know Hollywood would seriously like to make ... can not be denied its humorous high points .
Team America : World Police is one of the ballsiest films to hit American cinema screens this year .
The best antidote I can think of to the constant bombardment of self-serious Leftist documentaries is a movie that slams everyone , no matter what the affiliation .
Puppet parody of pop culture and politics from the South Park boys is so wrong ... and so funny .
A novelty flick that wears out its welcome well before the closing credits ... but damn if there 's still not a heaping helping of hellacious lunacy to enjoy along the way
The left testicle certainly gets it where it hurts , but the right is just centimeters away and is skewed so perfectly that they may not even recognize it .
Makes Fahrenheit 9/11 look like a love letter ... Trey Parker is the greatest lyricist of all time .
While I laughed a lot and enjoyed myself , the reason this film did not get the highest marks from me is because I walked out feeling a little unfulfilled .
Clumsy , clunky puppets turn out to be a brilliant comedy delivery system .
Everything , even the explicit puppet sex , has a satirical message .
Team America is an action-musical-screwy-balls-out comedy spectacular extravaganza !
Its wit is played at the expense of unexpected targets ... still , `` Team America '' is a descent into truly offensive , hysterical satire .
Wickedly funny and devilishly subversive .
45 of the funniest minutes I 've spent at the movies this year . Too bad this weapon of mass diversion runs more than twice that in length .
More satisfying as a straight-ahead blow 'em up than as a satire .
Profane , violent , and scabrously funny , this Team has something to offend all , from pious Hollywood liberals to knee-jerk nationalists .
If you 're not a fan of naughtiness for naughtiness 's sake , Team America is this week 's must-miss movie .
Given the content of this movie , I ca n't officially recommend it to anyone . But go anyway .
Trey Parker and Matt Stone take such pleasure in being naughty that it makes their work more silly than smutty .
It 's hilarious , vicious , offensive , thoroughly profane , and a joy to watch , just like you 'd expect .
Explosively funny .
Horribly , wonderfully offensive .
Good try , some funny and clever ideas , but not really worth the time .
For its imagination , audacity and willingness to tick off absolutely everyone , Team America is the most memorable comedy you 'll see this year -- at least among the ones starring puppets .
There 's lots of tastelessly funny stuff here , but too much repetition .
There 's a guilty , infantile fun to Team America .
The funniest thing at the movies since There 's Something About Mary .
When Team America runs out of ideas , Parker and Stone turn into a couple of obnoxious kids running around in circles giving the finger to everyone they see .
Forget about Fahrenheit 9/11 ; this is the most incisive political film of 2004 .
The movie probably hits the left harder than the right , but ultimately `` Team America '' aims to make everybody wince and make everybody laugh .
yet another harbinger that the total collapse of civilization as we know it has drawn just a little closer
Team America might sound like a backyard enterprise , but this highly detailed motion picture could stand proudly alongside any blockbuster .
In Stone/Parker 's sick and twisted story , an actor will save the planet . That 's almost a more disturbing image than the puppet porn .
An equal-opportunity slapdown to those on the Liberal Left , Self-Righteous Right and anyone in between .
These are no Thunderbirds string-dolls with few movable parts and no facial expressions . They 're high-tech - and anatomically correct .
See it if you love original stuff mixed in with crude , stupid and yes ... very intelligent humor !
For Matt and Trey fans : always mildly amusing , a handful of bend-over , tears in the eyes , howling . S.Park film better . For those who are offended easily , goodness , do n't go .
As a send-up of terrorism , Team America has more mild sizzle than bang . Its real target is the axis of ego , which knows no borders .
an irreverent overview of the current geopolitical mess
Designed to appeal to teenage boys everywhere ... but no matter how much vomit the puppets produce , their actions just are n't funny .
Team America , F**K Yeah !
Though it has moments of inspiration ... at best the picture is only fitfully amusing , certainly not up to the standard set by the ` South Park ' movie .
If the marionette-on-marionette action does n't have you rolling in the aisles , the razor sharp movie spoofs will .
A raunchy puppet movie with great puppet sex .
The funniest , filthiest , and-as surprising as it may seem-shrewdest politically-minded film of this election year .
All told , the clever visual bits and hilarious songs do n't entirely compensate for the many flat or beyond-over - the-top spells .
The film is only intermittently funny and truly does raise a question of how often can one resort to the same foul words for laughs without becoming tiresome .
A post-9 / 11 gutbuster .
A delightfully vicious film that 's bound to piss off everyone .
Do NOT take your children to this movie !!!
There are some hearty laughs to be had , but they do n't come frequently enough .














@highlight

Team America will either offend you or leave you in stitches . It 'll probably do both .