An attempt to grapple with the nuances of good and evil and examine the limitations of virtue in the face of pure emotion
The performances and strong direction make light of some clunky plot devices .
Despite it 's heavy-handedness in the last act , Susanne Bier directs with fascinating awareness of her characters and with grace for the moments of compassion between two families trying to understand how humanity can be so merciless .
... the two child performances are the emotional lynchpin of the movie .
Although this being a film by Susanne Bier , there is unfortunately a good measure of unneeded melodrama stirred in to trivialize the very important thematic concerns .
There 's little flash or surprise in Bier 's latest well-shot film , but plenty of substance .
A most deserving Oscar winner and a film that could provoke discussion anywhere it is shown , anywhere people of any age are being bullied
Film defies conventional expectations about biblical notions of retribution , even as it initially prepares you to accept them . A truly complex work of art .
Un estupendo drama contemporáneo sobre algunos de los conflictos más básicos que acechan a hombres y mujeres de bien en cualquier rincón del mundo .
It would have worked better if it were n't so obvious and manipulative . About halfway through , it plays more like a diagram of lessons learned than a movie about real people dealing with complicated problems .
The microcosm of the children 's world is exceptionally well drawn .
In addition to being safe and non-threatening , Bier 's film finds time to throw in mentions of cancer and divorce , and images of poor children starving in Africa . It 's pretty much a recipe for an Oscar .
Essentially an essay about bullying -LRB- ... -RRB- and the abuse of power , it will probably be appreciated most by people who want to keep up with -LSB- Susanne -RSB- Bier 's maturing catalogue .
It 's well made but too flawed to be a satisfying cinematic experience .
The superb acting - the youngsters are particularly good - and Bier 's sympathetic direction help overcome the occasional lapse into melodrama .
Though the performances are excellent , it aint no Dogtooth .
The film is built on strong performances and some powerful moments , though its subtleties risk being eclipsed by contrived emotional pyrotechnics .
The movie holds your attention , but you leave discussing the manipulative plot rather than the moral issues it raises .
A thought-provoking , powerfully acted and resonant exploration of rough justice in the modern world ...
Bier 's strength is storytelling and her ability to find actors to do those stories justice .
I wished I liked it more . But , for all its good points , this film is a high-concept contrivance of the sort Bier turns out easily , and looks like a faintly preposterous cine-soap opera for haemophiliac-hearted liberals .
A well-acted if glibly configured statement about violence begetting violence on two continents .
Bier , when she allows herself , loves the peripheral as much as the portentous . She understands that an image can tell more than words , more than even 1,000 .
Director Bier and her regular screenwriter Anders Thomas Jensen construct a believable series of events where notions of Western civilisation as opposed to Third World moral disarray are put to the test .
A compelling coming-of-age story and an intriguing examination of notions of masculinity .
Bier excels in this humanist field , coaxing and combining both subtle and theatrical performances from her actors that place her at the top of her game .
True , the resolutions on offer seem conventionally pat , yet the tough questions stay with you in an absorbing drama which pushes the viewer 's buttons with effective intelligence .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is a powerfully emotional , thought provoking drama with terrific performances from a superb ensemble cast .
It 's undeniably thoughtful and impressively crafted by the talented Bier but its pair of parallel storylines do n't live up to all that Oscar hype .
Bier 's yarn offers an involving narrative , strong acting and fine location work on both sides of the equator .
Although `` In A Better World '' wraps up its story a bit too neatly , it does n't offer easy answers to the tough questions embedded in the story about revenge and forgiveness .
The ironies of the schematic storyline become somewhat pat , but the movie asks tough , vexing questions about the responsibilities of parenthood and citizenship .
Susanne Bier 's latest meditation on grief and the boundaries of family -- which won this year 's foreign-film Oscar -- is a tough piece of work , subtle in some ways , obvious in others , viscerally affecting throughout .
Acting laurels belong to Nielsen and Rygaard , who are both making their screen debuts . Persbrandt stands out among the adults with a very emotional performance . The outstanding cinematography gives the film a distinctive look .
Is it more manly to fight back or to turn the other cheek ? This film will have you debating such issues long after the lights come up .
In a Better World recently won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film , which means this Danish drama places a distant second to Melissa Leo 's scenery-chewing in The Fighter as the least deserving recipient at this year 's ceremony .
The movie provides no answers , let alone easy ones .
... reveals the same pedagogical instincts as Robert Redford - another filmmaker who regularly mistakes message for story .
Simply put , this would be a better world if there were more films like In a Better World .
Despite some weaknesses as both a film and a parable , `` In a Better World '' is a potent provocation .
The film 's portrait of the power of forgiveness and the way two broken worlds - and lives - can help form a whole one is stirringly sincere .
Bier marches out plot developments not as organic reactions but as deliberately contrary philosophies forced to go head-to-head in a cage match .
How does a pacifist prevail in an ugly , hostile world ? How do children grow up in a world of isolation , alienation , grief , and bullying ? The Danish film In a Better World won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film dealing with such issues .
I have n't seen two tougher hours tackling bullying since Meredith Vieira 's five-part series on mixing Four Loco and passive-aggressive tween texting on `` The Today Show . ''
An ethically ambitious , morally thoughtful - and deeply vexing - drama about the fragility of civil order and the menace of the lawless .
There are no answers in her film , no intractable rights and wrongs . No characters are indicted for their mistakes or misjudgments , yet no one gets off scot-free either .
Strong acting and some fine moments , but its ending is too pat and its script is too preachy
The acting is superb across the board , and the film moves dreamily yet with razor-sharp precision , building to a sequence of deeply felt climaxes .
Asks worthwhile questions about how fathers can best lead their sons , about the expectations placed on men by society and about their struggles with their inner violent impulses , which can lay so dormant and unnoticed , then , in a frightening rush , explode .
... an often harsh , sometimes violent , family drama that deals with several moral issues and does it well .
I admire it almost purely for its performances and wish the story had the power to match what the actors are bringing to it .
-LSB- This -RSB- encasing parable is brand new and immediately provocative .
I hate to rap this serious-minded filmmaker , but I 'm beginning to wonder whether her scripts are n't better realized when they 're held in check , whether by Hollywood star power -LRB- Things We Lost in the Fire -RRB- or by the hand of another director -LRB- Open Hearts -RRB- .
High on the list of things I do n't care to see in a movie is a teenage Nordic misfit making pipe bombs . Can you say `` Village of the Damned '' in Danish ?
In a nutshell : Boys who have a rough time become bullies and they grow up to be adult bullies , who may find themselves in positions of political power and - all together now - that 's how wars start .
I admired Bier 's `` Things We Lost in the Fire '' and her Danish and American versions of `` Brothers , '' but here her method is too foregrounded .
Bathed in a golden light that contrasts with the film 's dark emotional currents , In a Better World brilliantly dramatizes the vexing problem of trying to do right in a world of situational ethics .
Like Bier 's previous films , it certainly has soap-operatic elements . But it transcends them to become a thoughtful , penetrating drama .
In a Better World , Denmark 's Oscar winner for best foreign-language film , boasts the kind of patiently constructed narrative that keeps you leaning forward and marveling at how all the pieces connect .
-LSB- An -RSB- urgent and compassionate thriller about the vicious cycle of aggression and revenge .
The more its makers ... draw cheap contrasts between savagery and civility the less civil and more savage toward them you begin to feel .
Bier 's perceptive , handsomely shot Oscar-winner respects our intelligence , patiently ratcheting up the tension while drawing didactic parallels between Third World ethnic reprisals and the escalating feud in Denmark .
Bier 's well-meaning film is n't sterile , but she approaches the material from a distance . Perhaps that 's by design , to make us observers , but the story cries out for more connection .
Intense questions remain about how to make sense of and respond to cruelty , and if humanity has its limits . If the devil is bleeding , do you help him or watch him die ?
Both sides have a point . Which is lost in Bier 's treacly resolution involving hugs and pop psychology .
full review at Movies for the Masses
As always , Biers ' production is meticulous , but this time around , her story is a little too neatly laid out , her characters connecting preordained moral dots .
Despite its overweening tone of serioso realism , the movie exhibits little or no understanding of how real people actually behave .
One big morality lecture that 's perfunctory at best and manipulative at worst .
Methodically paced and superbly staged to create a mounting sense of dread , `` In a Better World '' plays like a testosterone overdose by slow drip .
How does a movie about two boys fighting back against a schoolyard bully in Denmark wind up in a refugee camp in Africa ? By overreaching , badly .
What ends up happening is that the African scenes almost become metaphoric explanations of what 's going on in this family drama and I find it frankly morally repugnant .
Veers perilously close to the programmatic , ever more so as the plot proceeds , and there are scenes where we seem to be observing a moral demonstration as much as a drama ; yet the movie does retain grip and grace ...
The screenplay throws in more twists than its generic title would imply , though the audience will know how it ends about 15 minutes before the orderly conclusion .
A riveting movie that must be seen . There 's a very good reason it won that Oscar .
The resolution is a bit too protracted , but it will cause every parent to think hard about their beliefs and the emotional lives of their children .
You can surrender to the skill of the filmmaking , and the nuanced performances of the ensemble , but nonetheless it 's not an entirely convincing picture . It does n't get a grip on you .
This is a masterful , intense , thoughtful film and not to be missed .
Under the manipulative direction of Bier , In a Better World powers towards a harrowing climax with an unsettling momentum . The film 's solution of its ethical conundrum will not be to the liking of all , but will not be forgotten by anyone .
Bier has a sense of how everyday people get by in the real world , but maybe she 's too forgiving of their faults and foibles . Sometimes a little harsh light is just what you need to see things clearly .
In a Better World triumphed against strong competition to win this year 's Academy Award as Best Foreign Language Film . Now that it 's opening theatrically in the U.S. you can ...
While it features a few powerful moments and impressive cinematography , the film manages to say nothing new about its themes and does so in a particularly out-of-touch manner .
There 's sufficient craft that you go along with the twists , even as director Susanne Bier is wrapping things up with a neatly tied bow . But in a better world , In a Better World would be a better movie .
If this is what Denmark dismisses as safe middlebrow fare , please , export it here .
Director Susanne Bier 's chilly morality play is slow to get started , but once established , its three parallel stories comment provocatively on one another .
`` In a Better World '' is a perfectly functional drama with decent performances , lots of beautiful visuals , music that would make a stack of pancakes swoon , and a tidy enough ending for television . And you can see why it won an Oscar .
You see the finale coming - and the cost is n't sufficient for the characters , to really make a point . Or maybe that 's the point .
runimaginative , dour , and just a bit dull , made bearable only through the dutiful work put in by the talented Søborg and the resolutely commendable performances
Everything about `` In a Better World '' feels just a little too easy : a better movie might have let in more of the messiness of the world as it is .
Bier has a potent gift for turning abstract , moral questions like these into edge-of-your-seat compelling dramas that examine , with devastating effect , the complex web of feelings that make us who we are .
There have been a lot of great films about bullying and , pound for pound , In A Better World ranks as the most intelligent , thoughtful and provocative .
Despite detours into sentiment and preaching , In a Better World is an emotional powerhouse .
Bier 's latest film-which just took home the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film-is not the strongest example of her considerable talent .
It 's a well-directed , gorgeous , sensitively acted film about some essential human questions ...
-LSB- Susanne -RSB- Bier and screenwriter Anders Thomas Jensen continuously push their all too human subjects to the edge , and invite us to witness the fallout .
It 's a beautiful , sad , ultimately compassionate film about the origins of violence , wherever it rears its head , and the implications of dealing with it .
While the ending may be resolved too neatly , this elegant and superbly performed work explores its powerful themes with a searing honesty .
In A Better World won this year 's Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film -- the most obviously deserving award of the night . Completely , unquestionably recommended .
May be one of the most old-fashioned pieces of filmmaking you 'll see this year , but that does n't make it any less fascinating as it wields a dramatic left-hook to the gut .
Bier 's inviting film asks but does n't answer : Is the male urge for violence innate ? Is it passed from father to son ? And if it is , how can we teach our children well ?
In a Better World demonstrates Danish director Susanne Biers ' supreme gift at telling the gloomiest of stories that , while not exactly winding up in feel-good territory , at least finish with a strong affirmation of the decent things in life .
Bier surely means well , but the road to compassion porn is paved with noble intentions , laced with a nakedly commercial appeal that flatters moviegoers with a vision of the West as Africa 's savior from itself .
A powerful contempo drama exploring behavioral connections between episodes of schoolyard bullying at home and escalating tribal violence abroad .
A stirring treatise on the nature of violence from the Danish director of After the Wedding .
... a dramatic masterpiece that surely stands as the crowning achievement in Bier 's consistently enthralling filmography ...
Bier dramatizes our ambivalence so earnestly that it 's tempting to give her awards rather than admit that the movie is a crushing bore .
Denmark 's winning foreign entry for the Oscars , is an intriguing study in conflict resolution and dissolution .
Without its patronizing third-world sequences , In a Better World would have only been a somber , self-serious film about the ethics of violence ; with them , it becomes a politically arrogant one .
A highly emotional and satisfying experience
An unforgettable cinematic experience
This is not a didactic film but a very tightly constructed human drama that shows no hesitancy in exploring difficult , complex and important themes .
A poignant drama about the universal appeal of violence in our psyches and in cultures around the globe .
... it 's refreshing to encounter a deeply involving film unafraid of raw , visceral emotion , a film that for once thinks almost too big .
A visual masterpiece , with robin 's egg blue skies shot through with cotton candy clouds , heaven is beyond our reach while hell is the very ground below our feet . Bier suggests that only we can bring that heaven closer to ourselves .
`` Here are two stories that instead of complementing each other rather rub each other raw competing for screen time . In a better film , they would have left you devastated . ''
An exercise in shrill reductiveness .
Does n't really feel like one of Bier 's better films even if it 's still a very good film and better than so many other dramas that have tried to explore this type of subject matter .
A complex , moving experience showing the dangers of taking revenge .
Denmark 's Oscar entry is a poignant , provocative film about masculinity , parents ' responsility and the dangers of violence in everyday life .
A well-told parable about on the futile perpetuation of violence ... -LSB- Director Susanne -RSB- Bier may not believe in hitting back , but she 's a big believer in hitting hard .

@highlight

In a Better World is a sumptuous melodrama that tackles some rather difficult existential and human themes .