The complexities of genuine human beings have no place in a Ron Howard production . This is film where a good woman stands behind her man , children listen to their father , and the Great Depression is described as a bit of hard times .
It ai n't no Rocky , but it ai n't half bad .
The affection for Braddock and his story can be felt in every frame and heard in every word .
The final justification that Russell Crowe is without a doubt one of the best actors to come along in years .
A very solid cast , one of the most reliable directors in Hollywood , and one of the most malleable subjects in film make Cinderella Man one of the best films of 2005 thus far .
Cinderella Man plays like a movie actively hunting for awards . But it 's also a pretty darn good story .
Handsome , manipulative , simplistic . It packs an uplift that bludgeons you into submission .
Howard 's movie skillfully delivers that primal , heart-pounding satisfaction that is the promise of all boxing tales .
As for the fights themselves , Howard brings nothing new to the canvas . Like the movie as a whole , they work fine enough , even while encased in leaden certitude .
Cinderella Man is a contender , but it 's not exactly a knockout .
A cross between Seabiscuit -LRB- because of the Depression -RRB- and Rocky -LRB- because of the sport -RRB- , yet a fine enough film to stand on its own , even if the production falls short of both in terms of its emotional punch .
And as far as Cinderella 's pumpkins go , though the movie ends with Braddock 's boxing triumph in Hollywood 's notorious freeze-frame approach to history , both Braddock and Baer went on to be decked by Joe Louis .
As entertaining and uplifting a film as we 'll get all year .
At moments it almost had me , but for the most part I just felt cold and watched with all the interest of a disgruntled spectator .
A fine alternative to the louder and more brainless summer movies competing with it -- an excellent drama that relies on heart and action instead of schmaltz and melodrama .
Howard may have replicated the family scenes as accurately as if he 'd found film from a camera hidden in the walls of the original Braddock apartment , and yet the movie ca n't shake the sense that the scenes away from the boxing ring are somehow false
The film wallows in the poverty and degradation of Crowe and his family , which is a real downer for a supposed feel-good movie ...
The fight scenes have a stinging authenticity and , although at 144 minutes it outstays its welcome , this is Howard 's best film since Apollo 13
Stirring and inspirational in the best and worst senses of these terms , this fact-based melodrama is stamped by the middlebrow sensibility of both director Ron Howard and writer Akiva Goldsman .
I only wish Howard could have shaped this and the other performances a little , toning them down or leaving a bit of a rough edge .
I have never rooted for a sporting event in my life like I rooted for Braddock . I was on the edge of my couch , balled fists on my knees , praying he would prevail ... superbly edited , beautifully shot , sensitively acted , and with fantastic grit and texture
The feel good bomb of the year .
The Best Actor Oscar race starts now .
It is an amazing story brought to life by gifted people and it will make you feel good without making you feel guilty for doing so .
Es un cuento de hadas necesario para el cinéfilo que tiene que padecer películas pretenciosas o agresivas . El mundo necesita héroes , aunque sean de celuloide .
No ofrece nada nuevo y , a pesar de su impecable factura técnica , aburre hasta la exasperación con su mezcla de previsibilidad y cursilería .
The boxing sequences here are better than those of Martin Scorsese 's bar-setting `` Raging Bull . ''
A superficially rousing portrait of Depression-era legend James J. Braddock .
Intensely moving and superbly crafted ... Russell Crowe 's portrayal of boxer James Braddock , is nothing short of brilliant . .
The joy is in the playing , and Ron Howard pulls out all the stops like the organist at the old Madison Square Garden .
Nada mais é do que um repeteco de Alma de Herói , apenas substituindo o cavalo Seabiscuit por James J. Braddock .
It 's Seabiscuit with fists . Enjoyable , well-made , heartwarming Best Picture fodder that overcomes its achingly predictable story thanks to Oscar-worthy performances from Crowe and Giamatti .
Slick and rousing entertainment it may be , but Cinderella Man is far from great cinema .
Crowe is at his best in the ring and while it 's hardly surprising that he 's a convincing bruiser , he also manages to make a rather one-note character compelling .
Comparisons to Eastwood 's Oscar-winning `` Million Dollar Baby '' are not only expected but welcomed , since `` Cinderella Man '' is -LRB- surprisingly -RRB- just as good .
Though the film is technically first-rate , it 's little more than a theme-park version of the Depression with a hero with less personality than the equine star of Seabiscuit .
El hombre detrás de la leyenda , el caballero detrás de la bestia , el miserable y hambreado detrás del campeón . Sublime .
Crowe goes against type in rendering Braddock as a man full of humility and generosity .
The changes made to Baer 's personality simply strike me as unnecessary here , not to mention poor filmmaking .
I could n't find enough superlatives to describe `` Cinderella Man , '' an astonishing film that 's simply perfect .
Has the misfortune to feel like a `` Seabiscuit Meets Million Dollar Baby '' send-up .
The new Ron Howard movie , `` Cinderella Man , '' begins precisely where pop culture is currently at its happiest -- smack in the middle of a boxing ring .
To be an audience-grabber at the heart is not always a pointless concept , and here the director and writers prove that the formula still has a few kicks to it .
Powerful evocation of Great Depression
... Giamatti steals every inch of celluloid he can get his hands on ...
... has the ability to balance formulaic schmaltz with enough genuine emotional uplift , avoiding easy sentimentality , which will leave all but the grouchiest cynics cheering .
This is Howard 's best work since Apollo 13 and , if it were n't for the rough spots in Zellwegger 's acting , it is arguably a better film .
a rousing fable about a decent , goodhearted man achieving great heights
A humbling and stirring account of an upstanding American hero .
Hot , steaming hokum briefly creeps into the film , which alternates between fairytale and grimy reality . Russell Crowe anchors it with another captivating chameleon turn .
The storytelling is fluid and gripping .
When it comes to schmaltz , no one does it better than Opie Cunningham .
Well-acted but textually mediocre .
Just an O.K. vintage fight movie .
Tips the scale as an ambitious middleweight ... If it does n't quite go the distance , it still may blow you away with a powerful combination of grit and realism .
The events are strong enough to keep us gripped , even though the writing and direction are flat and bland .
Sure , it 's obvious and corny . But there 's something lovable about this dated movie and its adorable characters . Basically , imagine if Seabiscuit did n't suck .
If you do n't mind experiencing some feelings , this is an exceptional film .
It might not move your soul , but it at least puts a smile on your face .
The thing that ultimately makes it a classic in the pantheon of American movies is the way it reveals something about the idealism , strength , grace and grit of the American Dream .
A very good film .
... on my top 10 list so far this year .
Scene by scene , -LSB- Mae -RSB- reminds us that Jim is handsome , strong , ... and always right . The film celebrates masculine resolve that blocks out feminine counsel and concern .
Opie makes a statement about the grand divide between the rich and the rest of us .
Not matter how hard the script tries to turn Braddock into a symbol of American perseverance , Crowe never portrays him as anything more than a human being .
Paul Giamatti steals the show as Braddock 's smart - *** trainer and manager , Joe Gould . Maybe it 's his Oscar comeuppance .
A movie of great delicacy of feeling ... -LSB- T -RSB- he truth of the story tugs irresistibly at your heart .
Only our predisposed investment in the lead players manages to make the proceedings not too painfully bland .
A solidly entertaining movie - but Russell Crowe is basically playing Seabiscuit .
Glorious hokum .
... pre-digested , pre-approved ... has the bullying ` stamp of quality . '
Crowe 's touching portrayal is instrumental in recruiting the audience 's sympathies from the get-go .
Ron Howard and Russell Crowe have once again combined their efforts to create a big Hollywood biopic that exudes the strong whiff of Oscar bait .
About as subtle as an uppercut to the chin .
It seems that Ron Howard has done it again . He keeps on getting better and better ...
The bad news for cynics like me is that the film not only succeeds in its manipulations but is also , in essence , true .
All that said , I 'm still scoring the film pretty high because ultimately I was entertained , enjoyed Crowe 's performance ...
Cinderella Man wants to be a rousing crowd-pleaser and it probably is , even if Howard has to keeping shouting at the audience to know when to be pleased and aroused .
Howard unleashes one of his best directorial jobs to date , refusing to slobber on either syrup or sentimentality as the picture progresses . Everything here feels honest and genuine ; the movie lived-in to the point of having to pay rent .
Russell Crowe is the new Meryl Streep ... all he has to do is be in a movie in any given year and he 's a lock for an Oscar nod .
... is n't quite the dream come true it might have been . It lands more than a few punches . But none of them 's a knockout -- and neither is the movie .
Caught up as the film 's righteous center , Jim is sustained by his concern for his bland and underwritten family .
Cinderella Man is a movie about the indomitability of the American spirit , and those are always far less interesting than movies about actual people .
It will give you hope .
The specifics of past-due notices and hunger pains are as important to Howard 's story as the prizefights and the period detail .
Easily the best mainstream Hollywood drama so far this year .
Kudos to the excellent Paul Giamatti as well as Craig Bierko , Paddy Considine , Bruce McGill and Canadian veterans Chuck Shamata -LRB- the priest -RRB- and Nicholas Campbell -LRB- the sports columnist -RRB- .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's an undeniable power to Cinderella Man , and it 's down to the intense and gripping performances of Russell Crowe ... and Paul Giamatti ...
If there were ever any doubt that Russell Crowe is the greatest screen actor of his generation , Cinderella Man should put matters to rest .
This is an utterly predictable , thoroughly manipulative and thunderously obvious movie . I would n't change a frame of it .
Cinderella Man bids for audience approval at every turn .
While some of its boxing scenes are brutal , ` Cinderella Man ' is more about hope and the positive values of life .
Howard has got but a single message to deliver here -- boxer Braddock as the populist American hero of the Depression era - and he beats us over the head with his uplifting haymaker until we 're crumbled on the canvas and crying for mercy .
We 're in an almost irony-free zone , where everything is exactly as it seems , and no subtexts are available for subtext-fanatics .
Howard sees Braddock 's story in simple , black-and-white terms ; Howard loves Braddock because there 's nothing not to like . Viewers who remember Max Baer may , however , take issue with the way the film treats this charismatic fighter .
Ron Howard 's Depression-era ode to second chances and noble contests , filmed here last summer , is not just another boxing movie or just another picture . It 's a completely absorbing and artfully made fairy tale that just so happens to be true .
Easily the best American film so far this year .
Pardon its dust , and you 'll be rewarded with a moving story of a time gone by , and of an unexpected hero .
Cinderella Man is the most heartfelt boxing drama because it is more than a boxing story .
If you can imagine Frank Capra doing his version of Raging Bull , you 've got a good idea of what Cinderella Man is like .
Oscar host Chris Rock was on to something when he suggested that only Russell Crowe should be allowed to star in Hollywood period films .
In lesser hands , Braddock could seem a bit dull or unimaginative . But Crowe revels in subtle character detail , making Braddock real . Crowe projects the complex gravitas of a person of depth as well as decency .
For Crowe , it adds to the winning streak that started with L.A. Confidential and has continued virtually unabated since , and is marked by smart choices and solid performances .
With Russell Crowe in literal fighting trim and a splendid supporting cast , this is a boxing pic built on classic lines , and one of the best movies of the summer .
Like its hero , it stubbornly gets the job done .
The fight scenes hurt , not because they 're edited like quicksilver or nimbly staged -- they are -- but because we are made to care so deeply for the title character .
If you used to love the movies , Cinderella Man will remind you of the movies you loved .
Crowe 's performance as this Seabiscuit of the sweet science will no doubt make the middleweight Cinderella Man a contender -- an Oscar contender .
A grand piece of old-fashioned Hollywood filmmaking that is easily the best movie of the year so far .
Director Ron Howard does n't pull any surprise moves here , yet the movie gets more and more gripping with each punch .
Braddock only wants another shot at boxing to buy milk for the kids . Cue the heavenly choir .
In many ways this unambitious but heartfelt drama comes as a welcome breath of fresh air , especially now , when theaters are filled with dark and dreary features , the kind of heartless , soulless Hollywood constructs that glut the summer each year .
When was the last time you saw a truly feel-good movie about men beating the crap out of each other ?
Most directors shy away from the Time That Oscar Voters Forget . Ron Howard must be getting bolder .
We needed heroes in the 1930s , and we need them today , and Cinderella Man is the unashamed story of a hero .
The beautiful truth of this story is smeared over with cornball sentiment .
If you 're the sort of occasional moviegoer who feels they do n't make 'em like they used to -- well , you 're right . Except that Howard and Russell Crowe have just proved you wrong .
... a by-the-book , retro Hollywood production - which brings with it both virtues and problems .
Crowe adds another masterful performance to his incredibly diverse portfolio .
An exquisitely crafted , stately drama ... that never surprises , never takes risks , never delivers beyond expectations .
So square it makes the original Rocky look cutting edge and Million Dollar Baby positively avant-garde by comparison .
Beautifully portrayed by Russell Crowe and Renee Zellweger in the kinds of well-judged performances that presume goodness without straining to convince us of it , they 're a couple whose shared moral compass guides them unerringly .
The first film in terms of Oscar hopefuls this year that can truly be considered a contender .
In telling the story of heavyweight champion Jimmy Braddock , Howard creates a hero who 's not operating out of a pumped-up sense of himself .
So far , this great drama directed by Ron Howard and starring Russell Crowe is the summer movie season 's real champ .
... Seabiscuit crossed with Million Dollar Baby without the messy moral questions .
To say that this is the finest effort ever for the director of Apollo 13 and A Beautiful Mind is to praise an orchestration of true magnificence .
The story follows an arc similar to another Depression-era tale , ` Seabiscuit , ' but ` Cinderella Man ' is markedly better and less sentimental .
` The film is ... as rich in Depression-era authenticity as such a picture gets , complete with a palpable air of social decay and personalized despondency . '
It 's a contender movie that you do n't have to wait until Christmas to see .
Cinderella Man is a fine production , but the film lacks spark where it needs it most : the boxing ring .
Ron Howard 's Cinderella Man is the best American film since another movie that revolved around a boxer , Clint Eastwood 's Oscar-winning Million Dollar Baby .
The film by which -LSB- director Ron Howard -RSB- should henceforth be measured .
Scorsese 's Raging Bull initiated the stylistic flourish of flashbulb punctuation for a flying punch , but Howard turns it into virtually his entire mise-en-scene .
Depression-era boxing story gets a good -- not great -- envisioning from Ron Howard and features good lead work from Russell Crowe .
The rhythms are so familiar it threatens to numb the mind . One at once admires the skill behind it while feeling guilty about falling for it yet again .
At this point in 2005 , are you really going to complain about a well-made , well-acted , formulaic sports movie ? Me neither .
the first Oscar contender of 2005 , and one of the few movies where it 's OK for a man to cry -LRB- it 's about sports , so whip out that hanky , big guy -RRB- .
Tears are likely to be shed at the end of Cinderella Man , but thanks to Crowe and Howard you wo n't know how or where the sucker punch will be coming from .
Oh sure , it 's a good movie , but only by process of elimination : You like it because there 's no reason NOT to like it .
Moves with footwork that would make the real James J. Braddock proud .
Apes the Rocky series , lifting bits and pieces from all five installments ... I begged for Baer to shout in his best Mr. T voice , ` I pity the fool '
Crowe has grit and gravitas to spare , and trims his Gladiator and Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World caricatures down to pug-nosed , cauliflower-ear size .
with the narrative focus dissipated by trying to show us how much it all mattered back then , it makes it impossible to show us how much it matters now .
Cinderella Man captures the essence of the Braddock experience . Crowe confirms himself as the new Brando . Ready to respect Opie yet ?
Comforting and familiar -- and certainly , 2005 has been weak enough to welcome such qualities -- but the best picture of the year ? Come on , folks , get a grip .
Most serious movies live in a world of cynicism and irony , and most good-hearted movie characters live in bad movies . Here is a movie where a good man prevails in a world where every day is an invitation to despair .
Howard hurts our ability to enjoy this good story by pushing its plot points too insistently .
I 've never seen a boxing movie that has so convinced me I was seeing a pro bout both real and sustained .
... for the more mature audience that would rather a good story than copious F/X , `` Cinderella Man '' will fill that particular bill .
At the center of all this richness is another irresistible star turn by Crowe . As his Oscar-winning performance in Gladiator proved , no contemporary actor is better at conveying an uncluttered personal integrity and nobility of spirit .
Its charms are skin-deep and rote , technically proficient and signifying very little .
Actor Russell Crowe , who looks like he stepped right out of the 1930 's , can apparently do anything and costar Zellweger has never been more appealing ...
Forget boxing , this has good moral values , applauding marriage and commitment and personal responsibility with the best representation of the Great Depression ever filmed .
Crowe gives another solid performance , and Paul Giamatti -LRB- Sideways , American Splendor -RRB- adds to his shining reputation as a top character actor by playing Braddock 's lippy manager , Joe Gould .
Ron Howard 's film about the heavyweight boxer James J. Braddock is a shamefully ingratiating old-fashioned weepie .
Howard 's relentless and flat-footed attack on our sympathies slips into monotony . The first half drags on for longer than it should , as we 're told over and over that people were poor , very poor . Depressed even . Because it was the Depression .
Ron Howard and his splendid cast have made a spellbinding movie that joins Million Dollar Baby , as well as Raging Bull , the first two Rocky pictures , and Fat City as one of boxing cinema 's all-time heavyweight champs .
A tad bipolar , Cinderella Man 's still remarkable film making ... Russell Crowe is again , master and commander of what it is he does so well .
Crowe 's burly poignancy hits you foursquare in the ribs -- right above the ticker . This feels old-fashioned , pure and meat-and-potatoes simple . It 's an Irish stew movie .
It 's schmaltzy -- but it 's schmaltz veined with foie gras .
A powerful combo of history , sentiment and knowing how to ring an audience 's bell . The choice of this man to portray , and the man who portrays him are the knockout punches .
It 's a thrilling story , all the more amazing for being true .
The conventional wisdom is that Howard is a sentimentalist who needs Crowe to give his films edge . I prefer to think of the director as one in the handful of Hollywood filmmakers who still know how to make mass entertainment not based on a comic book .
Having Russell Crowe in a movie makes a huge difference .
Sharp acting within a sepia-toned technical knockout .
Honestly , how can you not root for a movie about a Depression-era underdog prizefighter who beats the odds and wins it big ? It seems anti-American or something .
No opportunity for sentimental editorializing goes unseized .
Crowe delivers powerful punch . `` Cinderella Man '' first Oscar-contender of the year .
Entertaining and affecting , but an Oscar movie this is not .
So determined to make the audience stand up and cheer that it forgets how to generate anything lasting , other than sheer old-timey nostalgia .
The film just delivers on every level , not only as one of the great sports movies in recent memory but as a truly inspiring and thrilling comeback story .
A rousing picture and a genuinely inspiring one ... one Cinderella story that goes the distance without turning into a pumpkin , and fully earns its happily ever after .
Cinderella Man consistently delivers less than it wants to by trying for more than it should . The movie tells the story of Braddock 's life as redemptive fairy tale , fitting the fighter for a glass slipper that ends up being the movie 's glass jaw .
A worn-out Goodwill version of Rocky that either deserved a less-banal filmmaking approach or did n't need to be made at all .
Howard has tapped into a glorious true-life story and wisely chosen Crowe , an unparalleled actor , to embody the hero .
Not only is Cinderella Man Howard 's best movie , it is also his most personal and deeply felt .
There probably is n't a filmmaker anywhere , other than the redoubtable Steven Spielberg himself , who 's as adroit as Howard at grabbing the mass viscera and squeezing it at just the right intervals .
It 's hard to guess how much of the beautiful science Academy members can take , but let 's worry about that next February .
What a relief when an inspirational movie actually works .
One of the best films of the year , it speaks to the heart and models a working-class hero whose riches have nothing to do with money .
An endearing story that will keep you at the edge of your seat , the edge of a cheer , the edge of a tear .
As touching , thrilling , and inspiring as they come - and a welcome return to the kinds of films that make you leave the theatre feeling better than when you entered .
A serious , warmhearted and rousing diversion .
Cinderella Man may not be subtle , but it 's reminiscent of the well-crafted popular entertainments of Hollywood 's Golden Age , blarney and all . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... wo n't ever be considered among the great boxing movies . But it does captivatingly encapsulate the guts and gumption that made Braddock such an inspiration ...
Crowe deserves better than this -- so do you .
Proves that there 's always room on the shelf for another riveting , elegant boxing film .
A grossly manipulative tale of an underdog who comes out on top , but one so skillfully manufactured that it effortlessly -- and pleasurably -- carries you along .
There is nothing to discover and nothing to feel .
If it all feels just a little bit like a movie set in the Depression that 's cobbled together from Depression-era movies , that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
How exceptional a film actor is Russell Crowe ? So exceptional that in Cinderella Man , he makes a good boxing movie feel at times like a great , big picture .
audiences looking for uplifting , quality entertainment should love `` Cinderella Man . ''
Captivating in a believable way .
Despite the tale 's dusty pedigree , Ron Howard spins a ticket-worthy two-plus hours of movie-movie entertainment .
Rings of formula but has moxie to spare .
` Cinderella Man ' wrings every bit of emotion out of a tried-and-true underdog storyline . Fortunately , it does so with considerable style and heart .
A godsend to anybody who yearns for cinema to be a bringer of good tidings .
An exciting film that is rarely seen outside of December .
Mature and unsentimental . Crowe 's commitment to truthful acting triumphs along with Bierko 's breakout role as his tormenter .
As of May , 2005 , this Depression-era drama is the Best Picture of the year - with flawless acting and production values . It 's a must-see !
Bierko has to be an instant front-runner for the best supporting actor Oscar .
Crowe delivers an Oscar-caliber performance in an emotionally powerful film .
Howard has taken one of the greatest comeback stories ever and turned it into a cloying bit of fluff
65 years after John Ford 's wrenching The Grapes of Wrath , Hollywood seems to have concluded that the Great Depression was , in fact , a pretty great time to be alive .
This is a rousing , thrilling and inspirational biopic from a director and a star who have now collaborated on two Academy Award level films .
It lands a few solid punches , but never achieves anything close to a knock-out .
Cinderella Man takes the almost impossibly perfect elements of the saga of underdog boxer James J. Braddock and fills it with emotional gravitas , wrenching danger and a panoramic sense of American life during the Great Depression .
A superbly acted , beautifully shot , highly engaging drama that ranks as one of Howard 's best efforts .
I found myself completely thrilled by the action .


@highlight

With grittiness and an evocative sense of time and place , Cinderella Man is a powerful underdog story . And Ron Howard and Russell Crowe prove to be a solid combination .