While it might be fun to laugh at carefully crafted slapstick for half an hour , it 's hard for it to maintain its momentum for the duration of a feature .
Watching it was a very cold experience .
It 's heartening to see anyone pull off any sort of comedy along these classically established lines .
Delightful in places , the surreal stunts are lovingly crafted . As a seaworthy film , though , Fiona 's folly is more pratfall than plot .
I found it striking but often strident , and neither funny nor edifying .
Cute but toothless .
` Deadpan ' does n't begin to describe the tongue-in-cheek mix of gravity and cool detachment in which L'Iceberg 's slapstick nonsense thrives .
Words seldom intrude on the sight gags that range from elegant to acrobatic , and the collective directors exhibit the rare bravery to let a static camera linger to crank comic tension .
Ultimately undone by its air of overly mannered preciousness .
If mime is your idea of entertainment , you might have a good time , but others will feel as though they 're trapped in an invisible box .
It 's funny and it 's touching and it 's weird and it 's compelling and I think really gorgeous to look at as well .
The Iceberg is a riot , a quintessential French comedy with an improbable plot and an unbelievable cast of characters .
An amusing , inventive effort .
Admittedly , some of the humor does n't translate well , and the performers tend to carry on too long in some scenes . Once the action shifts to the boat , there 's only so much that can be done , given the confines of space . L'ICEBERG delivers laughs , though , a
Once we 're out to sea the movie goes swimmingly -- its three protagonists fighting , flailing , and often on the verge of drowning as their tiny skiff surges toward the land of the Inuit .
Tells its highly entertaining and surprisingly touching story almost exclusively through physical comedy .
In the end , it 's easier to admire than to love .
The film 's deliberate color palette and tightly choreographed , perfectly timed sequences recall Jacques Tati . But there 's an irreverent , off-center humor here that 's distinctly their own .
There 's still a lot of wild visual style here , and not a few laughs . And that 's a treat in any language .
Poignantly shot as a series of static landscapes into and out of and through which the characters move . At its most stunning , the technique finds contrary actions and moods coexisting in different parts of the frame .
Earns two adjectives that rarely go together : breezy and bold .
If it were n't for the occasional full-frontal nudity , this would appeal as family fare .
It 's sort of like a Jacques Tati film ... except that it 's not funny .
So much of the narrative takes place in and under one body of water or another that the sea itself becomes a metaphor for life and its circuitous route to absurdity . This is to say that I 'm not sure what The Iceberg is , but it sure is something .
The only unconvincing note in this tender , lyrical romantic reverie , is an inflexible moralistic resolution advocating female dream abstinence in favor of what is presented as a mutually exclusive conventional domestic existence .
A wonderful Belgian slapstick comedy about leaving home and finding the perfect iceberg to chill out on .
If the sight gag is dead , this excruciatingly precious Belgian comedy is less a resurrection than an autopsy .
A charming slapstick comedy which explores a variety of themes including love , loyalty , friendship and one 's relationship with oneself before delivering at a heartwarming message that maybe there 's no place like home after all .
In stillness and frantic movement these characters somehow survive and endure . We are n't laughing out loud . But we are staring in stunned gasping delight .
The film is a series of tableaus and gags that may indeed work by themselves but , when cemented together , creates lots of dead air .
Physical comedy in cinema so rarely rises above a kind of kick-the-cajones mediocrity , so Iceberg is a more than welcome breath of fresh air .


@highlight

Relying more on inventive slapstick than dialogue for its humor , L'iceberg is an irreverent and charming comedy .