Shyamalan is your trickster guide on a journey into nothingness , from which only your soul-dead shadow will ever return .
Airbender 's editing is clunky , its pace glacial . It feels like watching someone 's homemade tai chi highlight reel , if tai chi could be somehow racist .
A poor effort from a director who once promised so much .
There is n't a single convincing performance in the picture , and the badness of the acting is , bizarrely , pretty much in direct proportion to a character 's importance .
The Last Airbender is not just a flop , it 's a big-budget flop , and it 's a throwback to that grand old genre , the movie that 's so bad that it 's bad .
-LSB- A -RSB- breathtakingly clueless , misconceived , stupid , humourless , unexciting , dim , dumb farrago , the worst film I 've seen in years .
A quite breathtakingly inept hodge-podge of vapid spirituality , playground chopsocky and visual effects that take 3D to an entirely new level : Zero-D .
Would it be more accurate to call this The Last Shyamalan Movie ?
Nothing here is helped by M. Night Shyamalan 's bizarre casting choices .
Writer/director M Night Shyamalan 's once glorious reputation is tarnished further by this tediously juvenile fantasy adventure .
There 's no third-act twist because we never get out of the first act .
-LSB- Shyamalan -RSB- works so much better with stories that are slower in development , where the atmosphere and tone drive the film , and where you 're never quite sure what 's going on -LRB- though not in the sense where you 're completely confused , like this film -RRB- .
This is a kid 's movie that does n't seem to realize that it 's a kid 's movie .
Bad acting , overstuffed exposition and running time far too brief for the amount of plot shoved into it reduce The Last Airbender into parody of a big summer film as Shyamalan manages to hit every single fantasy film pothole .
The Last Airbender is swollen with portentous mumbo jumbo and realized in the most simplistic and mundane ways imaginable .
The Last Airbender is a horrific mish-mash of genres that follows a depressingly large number of dead ends in adapting its source material .
Kiddie-strength action scenes drag the film down , but the kiss of death is Shyamalan 's gratuitous use of earth tones and the general dull , drab look of the film . ... drastically reduces the intensity of the 3-D effects
An amateurish mess .
Is it a masterpiece ? Oh god no , but ... I 'm intrigued to see where the next film goes ...
The constant references to ` benders ' ca n't help but elicit sniggers from British audiences ... the plotting is stodgy , the dialogue stinks and the acting is wooden .
As far as children 's entertainment goes -LRB- and it is children 's entertainment -RRB- , it could be a lot worse .
The film is an unmitigated disaster , a putrid patchwork of the original series stitched together by wretched performances , bad creative decisions and a story that 's all exposition , no depth .
Mere words can barely describe the sheer inanity on display .
It 's a nice movie to look at , as long as you ignore the characters , plot , and action .
It seems as if a good film could be made out of The Last Airbender 's tale . But this is not that film .
The characters are completely uninvolving , the narrative incomprehensible for the most part , and the performances seem to reflect the bewilderment of the plot .
Why do the water tribe have so much difficulty defeating their fire opponents when the battle takes place on the ocean ?
Unspeakably bad dialogue delivered by excruciatingly bad actors in a plot so illogical and stupid it kills unicorns .
Shyamalan tells the story like a syndicated news journalist , reporting events with detached direction and lifeless , plot-driven screenwriting .
The worst part is undoubtedly the script , which clunks and groans all the way under the weight of it 's own exposition - tragically and unforgivably , it fails to tell a good story .
The mythology of the series does n't translate well to the demands of concise big screen storytelling .
It is in writer/director Shyamalan 's dialogue that the film grinds to a halt . His words have grown increasingly pompous and stilted since his concise , crisp , Oscar-nominated script for The Sixth Sense .
This empty , misfired epic from M. Night Shyamalan is boring and strengthens the claim that he is the worst director working in mainstream cinema today .
If sleep is a hard thing to come by , then a dose of M. Night Shyamalan 's The Last Airbender is just the cure for you .
Being a Shyamalan film , the entire cast -LRB- which also includes Slumdog Millionaire star Dev Patel as an exiled Fire Prince -RRB- recite their looney-tunes lines as if they have been drugged , then hypnotised , then drugged again .
A big ol' mess of atrocious acting and terrible scripting , The Last Airbender is a definite nominee for worst film of 2010 .
With poorly executed action , wooden acting and a dead script , this fantasy film is a strong contender for a Razzie .
Parents may be less easily pleased , finding the film a tad dull and lifeless , for all its elements .
Shyamalan has written a muddled , confusing script and directed it badly
$ 150,000,000 well wasted . The Last Airbender is an insult to those wanting sophisticated , entertaining or even competent cinema .
Even pre-teens will have to endure the fragmented plot lines , stilted acting , and an absence of humor .
How did Shyamalan get it so wrong ?
Some of the worst acting , action and dialogue you 'll endure this year .
The dialogue is tin-eared in the extreme , the 3D is used in a strictly tokenistic fashion and the absolute lack of a sense of irony or humour makes the more solemn scenes all the more laughable .
Shyamalan takes the beloved source material , strips the characters of all emotion , throws in intrusive narration , douses it in CGI and tries to pass it off as a viable effort .
After the first five seconds , it seems as if you have been watching it for around two-and-a-half hours , and that this time has passed in four-and-a-half days .
Please let it be the last Shyamalan .
-LSB- A -RSB- slice of self-important nonsense that 's actually pretty funny , although probably not in the way Shyamalan planned .
Airbender 's final insult is the unmistakable stench of a sequel that 's left to linger in its wake .
Some of the performances are wooden , creating repeated moments of unintentional hilarity that cut through the dramatic tension .
The first part of a planned trilogy , Shyamalan says the sequel will be darker . Just better would be a start .
Far from the catastrophe the US bewailed , but still disappointingly clunky .
One is bored and stupefied by what seems like an eternity of vacuous spectacle , cod-Buddhist tosh and clunking dialogue .
I swiftly became bored with a repetitive and laboured film devoid of drama , tension or real emotion .
When nothing you believe or believe in is at stake , your plot-receptor mechanisms close down .
Dung fu .
A movie that 's as thick as the earth , as enraging as fire , and about as watery and windy as a giant cinematic wet fart .
A dodgy script , ropey performances , atrocious 3D effects and a tendency to take itself too seriously ...
A derivative and lifeless ` heroes journey ' tale layered up with Eastern mysticism .
... a tremendously disappointing effort from a once rock-solid filmmaker .
The Last Airbender completes writer/co-producer/director M. Night Shyamalan 's fall from grace ; once regarded as the most exciting talent in film , he now sits pretty as the laughing stock of Hollywood .
Shyamalan has been working in cinema for more than a decade now , but none of his films are nearly as disastrous as this . It 's his final plea to get his name back in Hollywood , and I do n't think anyone will hear it .
I ca n't even tell you what this movie is about . How many more chances are we going to give this guy ?
I can accurately and completely review The Last Airbender by quoting my ten-year-old daughter 's own thoughts on the movie : `` They messed up everything . ''
The story is n't the bad part of The Last Airbender - in fact , it 's the best part ... The bad part is almost everything else .
The Last Airbender blatantly sets the stage for a sequel . Unfortunately , this awful film 's huge box office receipts may make a sequel reality .
An Elemental Disaster .
Sadly , M. Night Shyamalan has not regained what he lost three films ago . His films are truly bad .
If the 11th-hour addition of 3-D to M. Night Shyamalan 's odious live-action adaptation of Nickelodeon 's beloved anime-influenced cartoon series does n't make your head hurt , the excess of narration and intertitles surely will .
The time has come to admit that he -LSB- Shyamalan -RSB- got lucky with Sixth Sense and we overrated his talent .
a vast and largely joyless -- at times leaden -- epic
Even with fairly good special effects the movie is boring ; let 's hope the indicated sequel -LRB- s -RRB- does n't see the light of day .
It is no surprise to me it is doing a better business at the box office than most experts anticipated .
I need ` Unbreakable ' to be M. Night Shyamalan 's trilogy . Not this lifeless fantasy .
Controversial casting aside , could The Last Airbender ever have been a good movie ? Not at all ; it 's a listless , incompetent , boring mess that insults the comprehension of even the youngest child in the audience .
The conversion process truly needed here was not to add 3-D to the images , but to add depth to characters and a story that barely qualify as one-dimensional .
The Last Shyamalan .
My disappointment with this ` PG ' fantasy relates to its ponderous nature and lack of any comic relief .
Irritatingly stupid .
It 's difficult to ascertain whether this poorly executed picture will earn enough to warrant its planned sequels or not even make enough to allow Shyamalan to Super-Size his next fast-food order .
Gorgeous imagery.Beautifully wrought special effects . Fantasy fun for all ages.I 'm talking , of course , about ` The Last Airbender ' website .
The film ends with a set-up for a sequel , which those unfortunate enough to endure this torturous mess can only hope never occurs .
In a mediocre summer season , we now have the first bonafide stinker -- a supposed fantasy adventure that has all the magic and mystery of a bologna sandwich .
Sadly , it seems that Shyamalan is channeling George Lucas et al from The Phantom Menace ... and said , ` Hey , let 's do that with this movie ! '
Call M. Night Shyamalan a Wood Bender -- this kiddie cast is as flat and stiff as particle board
`` Battlefield Earth '' has a new rival for the title of `` worst-film-of-the-last-20-years . ''
A boring , nauseating blockbuster filled with poor editing , painfully wooden acting , unrelenting dullness , and unimpressive special effects . It 's so bad that it 's gone past good and back to bad again .
The trunk of my car is filled with busted 3D glasses and broken dreams of summer movie bliss . But that 's not as bad as what 's in the trunk of a Paramount Pictures bigwig : A bound and gagged Shyamalan , who 's about to have $ 150 million beat from him .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film works so hard to explain its plot developments that it scarcely has any time left over to dramatize them . Exposition has not merely vanquished mimesis , it has burned its homes to the ground and sown salt in its fields .
Stick a fork in M. Night Shyamalan . He 's done as a director of consequence after The Last Airbender . Sad .
The prospect of sequels to this lumpish and leaden action-adventure is nothing to cheer about .
Stilted dialogue , wooden acting , glacial pacing , cheesy special effects , tacky-looking sets , ugly costumes , poorly staged and edited action sequences , all shown in murky , cut-rate 3-D .
Fantasy works best off linear narrative clarity , while many scene transitions whirl like air in the hands of Aang . Yet , Night ignites the separate moments with visual magic worthy of his mythology .
It captivated my imagination .
To keep us from noticing the goofiness , Shyamalan goes full-speed in the opposite direction , treating everything with great solemnity and soberness . The result ? It just seems MORE silly .
Hopefully they mean it when they say this is The Last Airbender . It 's the last time I ever want to see anyone ` bending ' anything .
would be blissfully forgettable if it were n't so blazingly incompetent
M. Night Shyamalan tries to bend the laws of quality cinema to suit his his shlocky ambitions .
A dull , boring , poorly acted , limply written and thoroughly unappealing fantasy , featuring bland characters locked in a struggle of no interest .
M. Night Shyamalan 's big-screen live-action version of the popular Nickelodeon animated TV series constitutes a form of Chinese water torture in which tin-ear line-readings take the place of drips .
An exotic 3D battle of the boys blockbuster , teeming with dazzling , exotic imagery . Though a bit on the wet side as drenched seafaring adversaries and awful adult role models kept in line by unruly children , collide . I See Damp People .
With a movie this shockingly bad , however , it 's not likely that anyone will be interested in another chapter . So it 's better not to even bother seeing this one .
Please , Hollywood , if there 's to be another Airbender movie , hand the job to some efficient hack , and not to a once mesmerizing artist who 's lost his way .
The Last Airbender is like a Care Bears movie that got waylaid in the fourth dimension . It 's insufferably silly .
Shyamalan has taken what could have been a big , flashy , generic Hollywood production and made it wholly his own .
-LSB- Shyamalan -RSB- wanted to leave us shaking our heads and marveling at a terribleness that was not merely terrible , but a terribleness that leaves you astonished at just how very , very terrible it is .
The most well-rounded failure of the year so far .
... it 's unfortunate that the one element people apparently can not manipulate in this world is wood , as that would be the only way to extract a decent performance .
What a colossal disappointment ! Let 's hope this truly is the last Airbender .
It 's a stinker that takes itself so seriously , but might bring about unintentional laughter to those who can view this rubbish as merely a goof .
MacGruber and Jonah Hex can relax . This is without doubt the summer 's movie nadir , the grossest waste of somebody 's money to create -LRB- and people to view -RRB- that we 'll endure .
The current national priorities should be as follows : reduce carbon emissions and stop funding the films of M. Night Shyamalan .
All the while , Shyamalan creates an ever-growing sense of ` Who cares where we are ; when will this be over ? '
This is one muddled attempt at franchise-making : confusing , drab , sluggish . -LRB- Ugly , too , if you 're forced to see it in 3-D . -RRB-
The Last Airbender , for all its Shyamalan-style grandiosity , is completely harmless and inoffensive , and at the very least , Shyamalan appears to be having a little fun here .
The movie 's redeeming feature might be its beauty , but you have to take off your 3-D glasses to fully appreciate it . The lenses blunt and mute the unique tones and colors that Shyamalan uses to create his lavish fantasy kingdoms .
Stiff , fuzzy-looking , cloddish and disastrous in nearly every way , The Last Airbender looks as if it could have been made by the spoiled son of a studio mogul willing to waste gobs of money .
What part of this story necessitated such a po-faced treatment ?
Undistinguished on every level , the film rehashes genre clichés in a style that is both painless and instantly forgettable .
Fans of the beautifully crafted TV show will be bitterly disappointed by this film version of the story .
The puzzle of Shyamalan 's racial casting soon becomes secondary to a much more pressing concern -- trying to follow the cluttered story .
It 's rare to see a film so choppily edited , poorly scripted and spastically directed that you can barely understand what you 're watching .
The title has the ring of prophecy . Although the film frustrates viewers with a cliffhanger ending , it 's hard to believe a second ` Airbender ' will materialize out of what is likely to be the indifferent reception to this wan hand-me-down .
A franchise needs more than cute creatures to survive .
Boring -- but age-appropriate for young fans of the TV show .
Shyamalan saps all the humor and energy from the fantasy adventure so that the Nickelodeon cartoon on which it 's based has more life than the live-action big-screen adaptation .
Using the backbone of the Nickelodeon series , Shyamalan succeeds in developing a story with a deep mythology -- something he failed to do with Lady in the Water .
The film , which is a live-action adaptation of a Nickelodeon Asian-anime-influenced cartoon series , is supposed to be the start of a new movie franchise . Forget about it .
I am truly sorry to say that this movie is a big , dull , dud and a failure in almost every category .
Everything about this film is so mind-bogglingly stupid , I barely know where to begin !
Can we please just stop with the 3D conversions ? Shymalan delivers visually amazing action sequences but the film suffers from terrible dialogue and horrible acting .
There are long expository speeches , which the young , inexperienced actors recite by rote , and the entire concept is filled with incoherent inconsistency .
Tedious , overstuffed , visually flat ... emotionally inert , filled with painfully expository dialogue and mostly poorly acted , it 's simply an all-around misfire .
Paraphrasing a quote from another Shyamalan star , Haley Joel Osment , it seems like `` there 's dead actors walking around like regular actors . '' From The Sixth Sense to no sense ?
The picture is crammed with big-budget CGI -- it seems determined to command our interest through sheer technological will .
It gets real old real fast .
Even 3-D technology ca n't inject a much-needed extra dimension to The Last Airbender .
If you thought it was bad when writer-director M. Night Shyamalan was channeling Rod Serling , wait till you see him try to be George Lucas .
As a child puts together pieces of the puzzle that will help him save the world from evildoers in The Last Airbender , I was pondering a bigger mystery : How can this action-packed adventure be so deadly dull ?
The Last Airbender is one of the most visually luscious and exhilarating entertainments I have seen this year , full of giddy fireworks and kinetic pleasure .
Shyamalan 's effects -- matte paintings , miniatures , location exteriors , backlot interiors and digital work -- never coalesce into a seamless whole , and the result is neither fish nor fowl , tactile nor virtual .
The TV show created an incredibly complex world over three seasons . This picture -LRB- the first in a proposed trilogy -RRB- tries to accomplish a year 's worth of work in two hours . So we get titles and flashbacks , baldly expository dialogue and clumsy narration .
There 's no other way to say this : M. Night Shyamalan has completely lost it .
The addition of the 3-D is obviously an afterthought , and in most scenes it 's pretty bad . Almost as bad as the writing and the acting . Almost .
I can see why Shyamalan was attracted to this material , but the results are clunky even by his recent standards .
The Last Airbender could be The Last M. Night Shyamalan Movie . Yep , it 's that bad .
It 's bad , as in `` Wild Wild West '' will no longer be considered the nadir of July 4th weekend releases . It feels off from the get-go and never gets its footing or a sense of balance with the material . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
This is bad filmmaking and bad storytelling . It also sounds what should be the death knell to M. Night Shyamalan 's career .
The camera swoops and the music blares , but we might as well be watching a tolerant , teeth-gritting parent filming his son 's karate class demonstration .
It is so bad that not only could Uwe Boll make a better movie than Shyamalan has done here , he already has .
The Last Airbender lays there , stillborn , potential squandered ... a sad indicator of just how completely Shyamalan has thrown away his own gifts , the last stop on what has been a very disappointing career arc .
In spite of all the running and sometimes flying to and fro , The Last Airbender never feels particularly urgent .
Nothing short of an incomprehensible fiasco . If one must go see it , avoid the 3-D version like the bubonic plague .
A new low point in Shyamalan 's crumbling career .
The battles are only slightly more exciting than the exposition , the acting is laughable , and the characters are flat .
The good news for those eagerly anticipating this live-action , big budget adaptation is that the 3D is n't horrible . The bad news ? Just about everything else is .
A soul-crushing disaster made worse by unnecessary , counterproductive 3-D , The Last Airbender fails to immediately qualify as the worst film of the summer only by virtue of the year 's abundance of other candidates .
This live-action adaptation of an animated children 's fantasy series is a leaden , joyless ride that represents another major misfire from the once-promising filmmaker .
By specifically critical and broadly adult standards , this film is undoubtedly a disappointment , but it is disappointing in a way that its intended audience may not notice .
The long-winded explanations and clumsy performances are made worse by graceless effects and a last-minute 3-D conversion that wrecks whatever visual grace or beauty might have been there .
Shyamalan compresses a ton of plot exposition in every line and the resulting heavyosity is too much for the younger actors to carry .
Shyamalan takes the beloved Nickelodeon anime series and turns it into 103 minutes of overproduced , stilted nonsense .
Where 's the fun ? We 're talking about characters that can throw fire and water . Where 's the excitement and sense of wonder ?
a staid , interminable miscalculation
The problems begin with Shyamalan 's script , which is an orgy of exposition .
The uninitiated will find the picture an odd , strangely chilly and frequently confounding experience . They wo n't care that this first ` Airbender ' will likely be the last too .
I believe M. Night can ruin the world .
The Last Airbender keeps throwing things at you , but its ultimate effect is , in every way , flat .
He has n't mastered the craft yet , but M. Night Shyamalan may be on to something with this action-movie thing .
The problem is that Shyamalan 's brushstrokes are too brief , written in far too nondescript a shorthand , and what should ebb and flow as naturally as the tides instead comes off as bumpy , uneven and borderline nonsensical .
Not since Kyle MacLachlan 's whispered voice-overs about the worm and the spice and the worm IS the spice in Dune has a fantasy franchise tripped all over itself trying , simply , to please a fan base while creating a new one .
M. Night Shyamalan throws his hands up and sells out with The Last Airbender , an adaptation of the Nickelodeon animé series that boasts almost no sign of the director 's idiosyncratic imprimatur .
It 's worth putting up with M. Night the writer to enjoy the work of M. Night the director .
Even in 3D , -LSB- it 's -RSB- one-dimensional .
The sprawling story is so dramatically compressed there is barely enough oxygen for relationship growth -LRB- crucial in Avatar -RRB- , let alone traces of an interesting director 's personality .
This is all enormously disappointing , of course , since the best we could hope for from a live-action Avatar adaptation is the mind-blowing equivalent of our first encounters with wire-fu , rather than this cartoony nonsense .
Where to start with this one ? How about this : If any movie ever warranted a class-action lawsuit against the filmmakers , it 's The Last Airbender .
The movie has been criticized for racially inappropriate casting , but that 's the least of its problems . The acting is laughable , the effects are phony , the editing is addled and the dialogue is disastrous .
Even during the climax , the film still is struggling to introduce the world of the film and its strange rules .
The picture drags along the ground like a fresh corpse , treating its own myth as homework and the participants as burdens , while feeling around a fantastically wasted world of weathered environments and ornate set design .
Who would have thought Shyamalan would come up with a movie that makes his Lady in the Water look positively sensible ?
The Last Airbender is dreadful , an incomprehensible fantasy-action epic that makes the 2007 film The Golden Compass , a similarly botched adaptation of a beloved property from another medium , look like a four-star classic .
While the special effects are impressive enough , M. Night Shyamalan 's film does n't make a lick of sense .
This colossal folly , the fiasco of the summer of 2010 - gives us all a ringside seat at the sight of Mr. `` I See Dead People 's '' career gurgling down the drain .
The Last Airbender is a joyless , soulless , muddled mess , but the worst part of all does n't come until the very end . That 's when it makes the clear suggestion that two more such movies are in store for us .
The Last Airbender is an agonizing experience in every category I can think of and others still waiting to be invented .
Let 's just be honest : M. Night Shyamalan is an idiot .
Slavishly amateurish with no heart . Cold , not engaging , and dull . Bad writing and film school-level directing . What happened to an exciting story ?

@highlight

The Last Airbender squanders its popular source material with incomprehensible plotting , horrible acting , and detached joyless direction .