as a fast-food action director , Renny Harlin still delivers a fun movie
Heavy on stunts but light on plausibility , humor , surprise , visual ingenuity or psychological depth .
Awfully forgettable , but Harlin makes things go boom again , with ruthless efficiency that puts the flick just over the hump of the straight-to-cable Jeff Speakman school . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
With all the nuance of a fist to the groin , ... -LRB- it 's -RRB- the kind of forgettable film that is n't impossible to enjoy but that only a Cena fan could truly love .
A very satisfying and well made action thriller that could only be improved if Arnold Schwarzenegger was the star .
With its wonderful post-Katrina NOLA setting and the standard stunt spectacle as only Harlin can deliver , 12 Rounds is actually quite good . It 's no masterpiece , but then again , few post-millennial adrenaline rushes have been .
... a decent action movie that could 've been a great one ...
Loud , idiotic nonsense .
Apart from the palpably improbable storyline , Harlan shows a massive disregard for characterisation , and so much bang-bang editing that you scarcely know where you are .
Cena has the sort of likeable air that suggests he could just make it as an action movie type . However , it wo n't be thanks to this movie .
12 Rounds is a big chunk of outlandish nonsense stuck in a time-warp of conventions , bereft of originality and genuine thrills .
This is a welcome throwback for audiences raised on '90s action flicks - what they used to call `` a pulse-pounding roller-coaster thrill-ride of a movie '' .
There 's a decent little action movie somewhere inside '12 Rounds ' : a bit more complexity of character , a few more jokes and a hero who does n't look like a two-by-four with a buzz cut might have gone a long way .
While 12 Rounds is well above average for an action movie , it 's important not to get too carried away . This is , after all , a picture in which leading lady Ashley Scott is less appealing than her pet pug .
A lunk-headed , brawling action movie with more muscle than brains and the kind of editing that feels like being repeatedly shot in the eyes with a staple gun .
One long blur of car stunts and digital clocks counting down to detonation - passable for lazy television viewing , but not worth the price of a ticket .
It remains to be seen whether this crude , dumbly entertaining outing will encourage the director to tackle more of the Greek myths .
12 Rounds 's familiarity undercuts any kind of suspense it hopes to build , and for an action-packed romp it 's incredibly dull .
Those in the mood for something kinda dumb but lotsa fun look no further .
The kind of passable in-flight entertainment you could watch half-asleep .
Fun , witless and pretension-free , 12 Rounds is Die Hard meets Saw meets WWE : pure chest-thumping testosterone cinema , edited like a jackhammer and delivered at thrash-punk velocity .
The lack of new ideas might not matter if the puzzles were fresh or entertaining , but they are n't . Director Renny Harlin has made enjoyably daft movies before , including Cliffhanger and The Long Kiss Goodnight , but here he fails to set our pulses racing .
There 's nothing here we have n't seen before , the action is laid on thick and fast with plenty of explosions and car chases , making this Big Dumb Fun of the first order .
While the plot is completely daft the film is also engagingly diverting .
Cena 's stiff manner barely matters in 12 Rounds , in which he plays a cop rather than a fighter , because this is all about big explosions .
Skip the cop rot - it will damage your brain .
Cena has neither the ease nor the appeal of Dwayne Johnson - the one true Rock - and the film 's steroidal pastiche of 1990s thrillers -LRB- Speed and Die Hard with a Vengeance -RRB- is faintly embarrassing .
Yet another American thriller with little to engage the brain .
There 's little time to get bored , and you get the feeling this film knows it 's ridiculous .
As brain-off Friday night entertainment , it almost suffices - but only because the quality of brain-off Friday night action has been lowered so significantly in recent years .
It 's either one of the dumbest films in world history , or a sly work of ironic genius . Either way , it 's damn entertaining .
Hugely entertaining , fast paced and enjoyably old fashioned action thriller that delivers more explosions , chase scenes and action sequences in one film than in the rest of the summer blockbusters put together .
... only tension , not suspense .
Harlin shakes the picture around as if he and the camera were constantly bouncing around in the bed of a rattletrap pickup truck .
We all have our little fantasies . Some people focus on romance , some on money , some one exotic locales .
It is hard to know what is more depressing -- the fact that Harlin is now reduced to making vanity projects for the WWE 's film division or the fact that he ca n't even seem to pull something like that off anymore .
Adrenaline packed from beginning to end .
This ai n't the real 12 Rounds . Not the actual movie . It 's more like a storyboard . Or an animatic . That 's it . Just to give you an idea of what the real movie 's gon na look like . Man , you 're gon na love it , I swear .
12 Rounds is an occasionally exciting but always empty action movie experience .
12 Rounds is the unholy stepchild of Die Hard with a Vengeance and Speed , starring a man whose lack of range makes Steven Seagal seem nuanced by comparison .
The future of vacuous action movies is clearly with the likes of Cena , humans who resemble characters from video games , albeit without the acting chops .
Renny Harlin 's 12 Rounds satisfies , on the most primitive level , the expectations for a second-rate action flick .
Director Renny Harlin keeps the wall-to-wall action hurtling along at such breakneck speed , that it 's not hard to get swept up in the crash-and-explode craziness of it all .
12 Rounds is too long , and about 80 minutes in you 'll give up trying to make sense of the thing .
Wrestling star John Cena is the dead weight that drags down this brainless but energetic action picture .
Harlin makes good use of both the architecture of the city and of his formidably muscled leading man . But you will probably find yourself praying for this duel 's knock-out punch to arrive long before it actually does .
Time for a revenge game cribbed right from the Die Hard series -LRB- and directed , hardly coincidentally , by Renny Harlin , who 's an awfully long way from Die Hard 2 and Cliffhanger here -RRB- .
There 's something strangely charming about films that are all artifice , explosions , and naked calculation . 12 Rounds is at least honest trash : It never pretends to be anything other than manic schlock .
So-so action movie has lots of fighting , other iffy stuff .
suffers from more or less the same problem as The Marine : it 's stupid , but not quite delightfully stupid
Preposterous , but undeniably entertaining , an action flick powered on enough pure adrenaline to forgive the gaping plot holes . Almost .
Feels like it was written by high school students who have watched Die Hard a lot .
Renny Harlin 's 12 Rounds attempts to put the final nail into the coffin of the static shot .
Preposterous in its perverse practicality , 12 Rounds flexes its cheapened muscles more than its monosyllabic star Cena does in a 20-minute match-up on Monday Night Raw .
Even the non-stop action of this movie is n't enough to conceal how completely nonsensical it is .
Parental Content Review
One look at the trailer and you 've seen the entire movie start to finish , any surprises or shocks this one might have had coming eroded thanks to its short 2-minute and 33-second running time .
It 's Sudoku . With corpses !
The result is hardly a masterpiece , but it 's better than it ought to be .
A big , dumb lug of an action movie , 12 Rounds is fronted by a big , dumb lug named John Cena .
12 Rounds has some great action scenes and intensity but is killed by a horribly written script and ending . I would still recommend a rental .
Assuming that audiences are dumb enough to pay money for a movie that should 've premiered on Spike TV is the worst kind of cynicism . Do n't fall for it .
With wrestling powerhouse WWE producing , chances are the statement , `` Guys , this just does n't make any sense , '' never came up during a script meeting . I ca n't fault 12 Rounds for being dumb . However , I will criticize 12 Rounds for being awful .
Cinematically this is by-the-book multicam crash-and-burn spectacle that lacks originality but has spades of energy and a few truly suspenseful moments . Does n't quite make it worth your time , though .
If you leave your brain in neutral , you should have a fairly enjoyable ride .
This big-budget action thriller excels at dishing out a plot that 's a bit like a chess game on speed .






@highlight

Energetic but empty , 12 Rounds ' preposterous plot hurtles along at a rapid pace , but ca n't disguise the derivative script .