What -LSB- Wes Craven -RSB- wound up with was a witless stab-the-teen time-waster that could be his worst film ever . And considering 2005 's wretched Cursed , that 's pretty bad .
Places too much time in the hands of disposable characters - so that it is neither a brainless slasher flick nor an immersive character piece based in a serial massacre .
`` My Soul to Take '' is one of the most banal horror films I 've seen in the past few years , which makes it surprising that it comes from the mind of horror master Wes Craven , who gave birth to the legendary horror icon Freddy Krueger .
A single-serving package of adrenaline that wears off quickly .
The filmmaker 's red herrings prove depressingly incapable of hiding the real fiend 's identity .
Everyone in front of and behind the camera look and feel like they 're lifting the heaviest , least horrifying ton of bricks invented .
Is it just possible that Craven fumbled the ball this time and gave us the equivalent of a fairly amateur teen horror flick ?
full review at Movies for the Masses
Clunky bird metaphors , blind kids grabbing for dangling ropes , a Horshack-ian best friend with an abusive stepfather , and a story that would be impossible if any of these kids drove a car , sum up most of the more obvious problems with the film .
Confused , poorly executed , sporadic and incredibly messy , but despite its pitfalls , My Soul to Take is an enormously entertaining bad movie .
There 's some malarkey about each kid having inherited one of the maniac 's personalities , though Craven never does much with that except to point the finger of suspicion at junior .
... the film not only marks a low point within Craven 's career but also within the horror genre itself .
It 's talky , schlocky and stalk-y .
With either too much or too little happening on screen and a script juggling too many red herrings at once , My Soul to Take feels like Purgatory ... in 3D .
The best thing about My Soul to Take is that it may force folks to revisit Wes Craven 's past works and finally realize that he 's always been nothing more than a hack in the horror field , a Uwe Boll with a better sense of where to place the camera .
While there 's much to like about the ideas and atmosphere , Craven ca n't muster much out of his characters or script to form an interesting message .
My Soul to Take ends up being mere Chucky cheese .
Craven 's writing starts out over the top and just keeps climbing ...
disappointing in the way it drags out its narrative to little effect , substituting cheap revelations and sometimes incoherent action for anything resembling the kind of innovation and verve that is the hallmark of Craven 's best work
This utterly mediocre forget-me-now could 've been crafted by any faceless serial director at all .
A typically ruthless and cynically comic horror thriller from Craven , set in a high school where the caste system is more terrifying than the possibility of a murderous ghost -LRB- the bullying leader of the mean girls is nicknamed ` Fang ' -RRB- .
A thrill-free snooze that will certainly rank as one of the least -- if not the least -- effective entries in Craven 's nearly 40-year canon of cinematic shockers .
Hands down the worst horror movie of the year , and certainly the worst of Wes Craven 's career .
Why am I kinda sorta not really recommending , but mildly defending this movie ? Well , as noted , I had fun with it . I was entertained .
That Craven is earnestly trying to make an on-the-level , snark-free horror flick signals a welcome sea change in his career .
There are plenty of formulaic boo ! moments , yet Craven intelligently treats Bug 's otherworldly issues like hormonal growing pains that must be tamed .
This film quickly moves to the top of the list of ` Most Purposeless Use of 3D ' beating out ` The Last Airbender ' and ` Clash of the Titans ' with ease .
Wes Craven has seen better days and we all have seen better movies ; the 3-D did n't add a thing
My Soul to Take lacks quality 3D and the one , standout , never-seen-before scare necessary to get horror fans spreading the word to fellow scary movie buffs .
as much a soul-sucking experience as what the characters themselves are experiencing
But then maybe it 's asking too much to have characters and a story as one dimensional as this to ever appear to have three dimensions . So in this case , the 3D 's of Craven 's film are : Dumb , Dull , and Deceptive .
Might not be Wes Craven 's best film , but it 's certainly his worst .
What sinks it is Craven 's simplistic , ham-fisted writing and inert direction .
The worst horror movie Wes Craven 's made perhaps ever .
Yep , this movie is garbage .
`` My Soul to Take '' is one of the worst films I?ve seen this year and easily the most irritating .
The silly story can be forgiven . Almost no other living director can instill such a sense of gleeful dread in the autumn woods ... or in an ordinary house .
Only someone so smart could make a movie this stupid .
A puzzle with no solutions , a tale with a twist that is n't a twist at all .
Downright hilarious in places ? though I don?t think that?s intentional , because it?s also dull and cliché-ridden .
It 's good , theoretically at least , to have Craven back . But why come back for this ?
A thoroughly dreary , by-the-numbers exercise .
All might be good for a flask-to-the-theater laugh , if not for the unconscionable price gouging .
Wes Craven 's first new movie in five years is a brainless , joyless , and yes , you might even say , soulless teen slasher .
It 's your money that 's at greater stake with this subpar horror entry in barely noticeable 3D .
This dumb , derivative teen slasher movie would be uninspiring coming from any writer-director , let alone one with several genre classics under his belt .
the most awful kind of entertainment exploitation in that everything is set up to abuse the audience , not the characters
The picture is directed with such a loose , slack hand that you 'd think Craven had never directed a slasher-thriller before : I did n't jump once ; I never even felt vaguely scared or creeped out .
It 's too mild-mannered for those who relish horror pictures and too gory and plotless and chatty for everyone else .
Just another Wes Craven kills kids running around in the woods movie .
Though the movie 's about some sort of eternal killer , the real culprit here is Craven , whose attempt to feed on his earlier successes results in a structurally slipshod and distinctly non-frightening pastiche .
From a newcomer , the ineptitude of this film could be understood ; from a man like Wes Craven , it feels like a big fat cheat .
The highlight of the film , in fact , is a freaky bird costume ... that actually vomits and defecates upon its audience . It 'd be nice to think the director were self-aware enough to recognize the obvious parallel .
So utterly awful that it should have been renamed ` My Time to Waste . '
So poorly executed it doesn?t even come close to being a horror film or a thriller ; it?s an unintentional comedy .
Sad but true , this is one film that will be remembered as no more than a footnote in the grand scheme of Wes Craven 's career .
The problem with My Soul to Take is n't in its concept , it 's in the execution . It 's overly complex and nearly impossible to explain with images , which is why the slasher turns into a visual table read in the final act .
The work of a lunatic using his own feces to outline an uncomfortably abstract tale of ridiculous possession , brought to life through some of the most excruciatingly obvious and colossally stilted dialogue I?ve heard so far this year .
Easily the worst movie of Craven 's career and not even remotely scary or creepy or any of the things you expect from a good horror movie .

@highlight

Dull , joyless , and formulaic , My Soul to Take suggests writer/director Wes Craven ended his five-year filmmaking hiatus too soon .