Self/less is a movie with ideas that are disappointingly traded in for a series of bland action sequences
Do n't expect lofty explorations of the nature of the individual ; just shoot-outs and car chases .
This movie is a complete waste of time and no one should see it .
Self/less is the most banal kind of science fiction , with none of its rehashed ideas developed in any but the most cursory way .
When read as a high-octane action movie , Self/less has its moments . Just do n't think too hard about any of them , or you , too , might need pills to keep it all together .
Self/Less is a film which is watchable to a degree , if you ignore the overall plot and have it on in the background .
The story never manages to convince us that Damian may be at times changing because of some residual sense of Mark , and it never defines the moment when Damian decides to become a decent human being .
Part debacle , part footnote , sure to remind viewers of the better films they could be watching if they were n't such lousy decision makers .
Favouring style-over-substance , there are no real or meaningful contributions to the sci-fi cause in Self/less which ends up being a forgettable affair .
There is no spark , identity or glimmer of freshness in this film . Let 's put it this way , it has no sense of `` self . ''
A slick , but dated and hollow jaunt through the ripple effects of over-reaching technology and the questions of morality that accompany such power .
Lacking the lame humour of Mirror Mirror and the ultra-violence of Immortals , this opts instead for glossy , pretentious dullness , with a shameless script that 's very much a Hollywood factory second .
It 's pacey and not without entertainment value , though you ca n't help wishing it had engaged with its premise a little more deeply .
For the first hour , Self/Less is hugely enjoyable . But by the time the cat-and-mouse plot begins , all the magic falls away .
Add it to the list of solid genre movies given the class and attention every movie deserves .
`` Self/less '' takes an intriguing idea and turns it into a silly thriller .
Self/less gets an A for concept and a C for execution . By sacrificing character and believability for action , director Tarsem Singh dumbs down what could have been a compelling sci-fi flick .
Has anybody made a `` sloppy Seconds '' joke yet ?
The letdown comes in terms of a narrative that fails to uphold the initial promise , descending into a series of progressively sillier plot developments .
Self/Less is a poorly paced action thriller that pushes for too many twists .
`` Self/less '' stubbornly refuses to deliver even modest thrills no matter how hard its star kicks at it . This second-rate sci-fi thriller hastily and lazily slaps together ideas from `` Seconds '' and `` Freejack '' with wan One-Percenter finger wagging .
What really should have been an engrossing , idea-fuelled sci-fi thriller is , in the hands of ho-hum director Tarsem Singh a strictly pedestrian affair .
What do you do if you have a confounding philosophical idea , but you 're not quite sure to handle it ? You add flamethrowers to your story . Lots of flamethrowers .
A horrible non oficial remake of my favorite movie -LRB- Seconds -RRB- , lacking everything that made that movie great -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An ample display of nothing , wasted resources and a predictable plot make this movie a thrill-less ride . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A failed atempt at Sci-Fi by artistically disjointed director Tarsem Singh -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Audacious and intriguing - but ultimately bogged down by its preposterousness ,
Approaches high-concept sci-fi with a serious-mind , but also shoe-horns in banal moments of broad entertainment , making it a difficult pill to swallow .
What at first appears to be an interesting science-fiction tale transitions into a Bourne-esque thriller that ends with a cheat .
Not only does it effectively manage to walk the line between the two , it also manages to re-introduce the world to the talent and promise of Ryan Reynolds .
Unlike the recent Ex-Machina , which tackled the reality of robots entering our lives with style and poise , this glossy affair fails to convince beyond its overheated melodrama .
Reynolds 's failure to display the faintest trace -LRB- verbal , physical -RRB- of Kingsley 's character negates any potential mind / body tension . Self/less ? Point/less !
Self/less is an excellent example of what science fiction looks like when it 's bad .
Self/less is enjoyable enough as a sleek and lightweight B movie , but it falls far short of the smart , searching futuristic morality tale it could have been .
It ... manages to leaven a potentially leaden premise with a few gags that gently mock the absurdity yet never undermine it to a degree that it 's anything less than enjoyable .
Tragically , the film itself is as dumb as a doorknob .
Self/less throws up some philosophical posers that a cleverer , more ambitious film might have tackled .
Tarsem Singh 's most accomplished -LRB- and entertaining -RRB- movie since his debut ...
An intriguing premise keeps the audience gripped for about 20 minutes before the movie runs out of steam . Which is far too early .
Tarsem Singh 's sleekly shot sci-fi thriller begins intriguingly but loses its identity .
The movie is fun in spite of itself ; Ryan is his usual sturdy self , and Matthew Goode is smoothly sinister as the presiding doctor .
A film that , while watchable , makes little use of its stars or premise .
Anonymously slick and rarely betraying a sense of humour , Self/less might not mind a discreet facelift , but it much more urgently needs a personality transplant .
Entertaining nonsense , but barely skimming the surface of a great idea .
There 's a Twilight Zone premise - though sadly no Twilight Zone brevity or script discipline - to this sci-fi thriller .
Glances at fundamental questions of identity and humanity and decides that they are best resolved via fistfights , gun battles , and car chases .
Like some people , most films want to live forever . In the case of Self/less , it 'll be lucky to last the weekend .
A body swap thriller whose high-minded ambition is overwhelmed by a preposterous story and a reliance on action clichés .
It 's not that I think Tarsem Singh 's Self/less is a very good movie , it 's that I do n't think it 's anything like the awful movie it 's largely been painted as .
The questions that Tarsem keeps posing in between obligatory action sequences are at least as interesting and thought-provoking as anything else in this film , The Game , or Seconds .
A sci-fi thriller so derivative of John Frankenheimer 's masterfully paranoid Seconds it would be more accurate to call it Thirds , Tarsem Singh 's Self/less is a generic waste of a clever idea .
A body-swapping thriller with enough twists and turns to overcome its disappointing lack of ambition .
A multi-genre story that starts with a bang but ends with a whimper .
Tarsem Singh has a reputation for making movies that are visually stunning but woefully inert and convoluted in their storytelling -LRB- see The Cell and The Fall -RRB- . Singh 's most recent film , Self/less , lives up to at least half of that reputation .
What starts out as an interesting exploration of identity soon gives way to the uninspired , generic action flick we had feared it always was .
Deep under the skin of this shrug of a movie is a solid metaphor rooted in an appealing fantasy .
Rather than develop a smart premise , one where all the ramifications have been thought out and explored , screenwriting brothers David and Alex Pastor settle for just launching a clever idea and yoking it onto a standard chase scenario .
Self/less is an average science-fiction drama that pulls heavily from prior filmic explorations of immortality - and passes familiar plot beats off as fresh ideas .
It seems Tarsem 's grown out of his artsy phase with his latest effort , and now for the first time ever a Tarsem film can be called drab , dull and mostly lifeless .
-LSB- Singh 's -RSB- movies generally receive the same reviews : impressive visuals , pathetic storytelling . `` Self/less '' does not deviate . The movie might have been better titled `` Less , '' with no `` Self '' involved .
Self/less is a diluted clone of the better sci-fi films that came before it .
... jettisons most of its provocative scientific concepts about brain power in favor of generic action-thriller fight scenes , shootouts and car chases .
Self/Less is just tired ; it 's a direct-to-DVD knockoff that inexplicably got a few big names attached .
It 's sort of a decent movie , and sort of a letdown . Neither one all the way , but both simultaneously .
Intriguing science , climax svae `` Self/Less . ''
An intriguing premise wasted on a C-grade revenge plot that 's simultaneously lame and confusing .
Self/less is a sci-fi thriller that revisits several familiar cinematic tropes ... The mishmash unfortunately falls flat , hampered by a weak script and some unusually wooden onscreen moments from usually excellent actors .
The result is that Seconds will be long remembered while Self/less will be quickly forgotten as a film unworthy of the plot 's second life .
There 's no reason to spoil what follows except to say that even by the standards of both Alfred Hitchcock and science fiction , it 's nonsensical .
Still has that first hour , which is packed with pleasant distractions and involving conflicts , but it 's not enough to cover for a drab , uneventful second hour that spends too much time in the fetal position .
Decent sci-fi if it 's your thing and from Tarsem Singh who is one of my favorite directors and a very good storyteller .
A waste of the director 's talent and our time .
Tarsem Singh 's most uninspiring film to date features O.K. performances by Ryan Reynolds and Ben Kingsley , but does n't leave much of an impression .
Self/less is so restrained that I wonder if somebody stole Tarsem Singh 's body , too .
Singh is big on visuals but not much on storylines ... But there are some provocative concepts about life , death , memory , identity , and , well , karma .
The film 's worst sin is that I never bought into the notion that Ben Kingsley was inside Ryan Reynolds -LRB- and that 's something I never imagined I 'd put in writing -RRB- . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Nudity , Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
A nicely made , supremely average movie : not bad enough to avoid , but not good enough to seek out on purpose .
Self/less begins with a promising -LRB- albeit well-worn -RRB- science fiction premise , degrades it by turning it into a generic thriller , and finishes it off with a rushed , disjointed ending .
The elaborately convoluted , soul-swapping thriller `` Self/less '' squanders its intriguing premise with a loud and labored beat-the-bad-guys trajectory .
All of it unfolds in the atmosphere of gaudy , portentous vacuity that is Mr. Singh 's trademark .
A good idea -- even a morsel of one -- is a terrible thing to waste .
Any hope Reynolds had of reviving his stardom with Self/less is as fruitless as thinking a person can swap bodies without consequence .
Singh once seemed an original , but Self/less does n't have a distinctive bone in either of its bodies .
You 'd think a movie about transplanting human consciousness would be smarter than this .
Maybe it 's too much to expect both thoughtfulness and thrills , but I 've always been self/ish that way . And with so little intelligent sci-fi out there , it 's sad to see this one 's intellect crammed into an action-movie body .
Nothing we 've never seen before with a worned out message about what it means to be human . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What 's missing on Damian 's journey are the necessary humorous jolts and absurdities that come with recovered-identity quests .
Self/less is an empty shell of a movie just waiting for a smarter one to be transplanted into it .
Tarsem Singh , who directed the eye-catching The Fall and Immortals , brings a comparable level of visual invention to this tale , though as usual his engagement with the material does n't go very deep .
Could have been a thoughtful , provocative , cerebral thriller ... but instead it chooses to become an action movie so dumb that it might be titled ` Sense/less . '
Even when Self/Less abandons its headier questions of identity and immortality so director Tarsem Singh can get to the next shootout or car chase , the actors keep it lively .
Much more about the change that may come from walking a mile in someone else 's shoes - and also feet - than it is about anxiety over death or the strange marriage of body and soul .
After an intriguing start SELF/LESS quickly becomes yet another BOURNE IDENTITY clone with some of the dullest action scenes on record .
Turns an intriguing idea into a B-movie action flick .
`` Self/less '' ultimately earns its title , but it could just as easily have been called `` Brain/less , '' `` Pulse/less '' and `` Point/less . ''
Self/Less should be called Class/Less , and its tagline should read : `` The rich white guy is everyman . ''
Just as you begin settling into these science-fiction parameters and start pondering the wisdom of humanity 's vain quest for immortality , Self/less switches gears , much to its detriment , and becomes a frenzied chase thriller and shoot - 'em - up .
In essence , everything good in `` Self/less '' was derived from `` Seconds , '' and everything bad the writers and the director came up with on their own .
A science-fiction thriller that is generally clue/less , largely point/less and certainly could n't care/less .
Dull body-swapping drama that barely bothers to exploit its out-there premise for moral drama or outrageous thrills .
Ben Kingsley comes back to life as Ryan Reynolds -LRB- sort of -RRB- in this intriguing sci-fi thriller .
How seriously can you take any thriller where the bad guys put prisoners in an office with a working flamethrower in the corner ?
It 's just plain less -- less than what sci-fi fans are probably hoping for , and less than what it could have been .
It would be a brain-teaser , if it only had a brain .
Elegantly goofy .
Self/less never really gets over the fact that much of it consists of a bland-ish , raincoat-clad everyman driving around and pointing guns at people before the inevitable , underwhelming confrontation with the big bad .
Instead of exploring the psychological implications of finding oneself in a new physical vessel but forced to sever all contact with one 's previous life ... `` Self/less '' devolves into a predictable action thriller .
`` Self/Less '' soon turns into an attractively shot yet pointless action film ...
`` Self/Less '' is lower-rung sci-fi drama .
It feels like a refugee from a 2005 straight-to-video bin .
Self/less has a lot of surprises in store , the most important being just how enjoyable and well-made it is .
When a movie starts with a dumb idea and it 's badly executed , you ca n't be that disappointed . It 's not a big waste . But when a great concept gets bungled , it feels like a loss .
Self/less is built around the idea that one person 's thoughts and memories can be transplanted into a better body . It would have been nice to have had a better plot transplanted into this film .
Self/Less did n't require a sermon , but it could have used something to anchor the story more firmly as an allegory with a conscience . It could have used more of Tarsem 's distinctive Tarsem-ness , as well .
`` Self/less '' is a celluloid smoothie blended from dozens of familiar elements , but it 's neither tasty nor nutritious .
A deeply silly movie that takes itself very , very seriously .
Like its hero , it 's an interesting combination - and it might just surprise you in how good it can be .
The narrative outline of `` Self/less '' is a philosophical theme park , readymade for daring , complex filmmaking . And Singh and his writers never go on any of the rides .
The cribbing from other films is n't the problem . It 's when the script tries to do something more than mix and match influences that it reveals the true paucity of ideas .
This movie is as bad as it looks . Director Tarsem Singh never wrangles Alex and David Pastor 's mess of a mélange into anything comprehensible . Too bad , really , as , somewhere buried deep inside here is a decent concept .
Topical subject in the news . The screenplay delivers solid twists . Worth seeing .
Not the most original idea , but a well-executed and timely riff on the ultra rich buying immortality , and having qualms about it .
Self/less hews closely enough to the premise of the 1966 John Frankenheimer thriller `` Seconds '' to qualify as an unofficial remake . Then again , anyone who remembers that one is not in the target audience for this one .
For someone with great visual command of the medium , Singh 's latest is a disappointment .
An improbable , if thought-provoking mind-bender built on a house of cards that holds up only to the extent you 're willing to go along with its preposterous premise .
Co-writers/brothers Alex and David Pastor have taken what could have been a science `` future '' thriller and turned it into a science/less dud .
The movie has several surprising twists , and will tug gently at your heartstrings , a la Warren Beatty in the 1978 remake of `` Heaven Can Wait '' .
-LSB- A -RSB- ny intelligence is tossed once we get mired in a series of dull chase scenes
Self/less noticeably lacks for aesthetic pomp .
`` Self/Less '' is brain/less entertainment , but if there 's any consolation , the impression it leaves is so fleeting , you can soon replace it with better movie memories .
A tepid sci-fi thriller that takes an interesting premise and sacrifices ideas for the sake of logically challenged action beats .
A solidly effective sci-fi thriller given added appeal by likeable lead Ryan Reynolds and a classy supporting cast .
Self/Less is , by and large , shot like cheapo television . There 's more panache in an episode of The Flash , and a better spin on far out sci-fi concepts , too .
The failings of Self/less reveal a good deal about what has gone wrong with American movies over the last 50 years .
An initially intriguing parable about man 's lust for immortality that quickly devolves into a substandard shoot - 'em - up designed to rebrand star Ryan Reynolds as a brawny action hero in the Jason Statham mold .
You 're better off seeking out Seconds - or heck , All of Me - instead .

@highlight

Self/less boasts a potential-packed premise , but does frustratingly little with it , settling for lackluster action at the expense of interesting ideas .