The stars were handed inferior material to work with and , at best , can only make this tired plot watchable .
A murky , muddled , miserable mess , Righteous Kill spends 101 minutes failing to achieve what Heat managed in just six .
The worst about Righteous Kill is that there 's probably a perfectly acceptable procedural thriller somewhere in the mountain of cliches and stupidity that riddle the film .
Imagine this conversation : A phone call between actor Bob De Niro and director Marty Scorsese . Bobby : Hello , Marty . I 've been calling and texting , but you never answer . -LRB- Silence -RRB- Bobby : I 'm talking to you . Are you talkin ' to me ? Are you talkin ' to me ?
As far as bad movies go , Righteous Kill is something of a zenith .
Pacino . DeNiro . Armed and dangerous . In a cop drama . In NYC . Together . Written by the writer of Inside Man . Sounds great , does n't it ? Well , what could 've gone so wrong ?
This thriller by Jon Avnet is mostly by the numbers , and its surprise ending , though effective , feels somewhat forced .
... the phrase phoning-it-in was practically invented for Pacino and De Niro 's work here ...
Russell Gewirtz 's script is built around a trick , one that is simultaneously too clever by half and not clever at all -LRB- which itself is quite a trick -RRB- .
Nearly everything about this film is a cliché .
Say it ai n't so , Bobby and Al. .
There 's nothing righteous about this tired and tiresome good cop/bad cop NYPD procedural from Avnet ; in fact , it 's pretty much an abomination from the get-go .
So somebody finally got De Niro and Pacino to co-star in a movie together and this is the best they could come up with ?
A derivative and increasingly silly crime thriller .
The movie , which has more than 10 credited producers , feels like one of those slick , for-the-money projects Hollywood studios cook up via graph charts and marketing surveys .
There 's nothing righteous to be found here .
Seeing Robert De Niro and Al Pacino circling the thin line between cop and criminal paints a giant grin on the face .
Direct Avnet is just plain terrible , and screenwriter Russell Gewirtz -LRB- Inside Man -RRB- should be ashamed of himself .
Teria sido melhor se eles tivessem seguido o exemplo de Paul Newman e Robert Redford e interrompido a parceria enquanto esta ainda era trazia um histórico impecável .
Moviegoers that have n't seen alot of cop mysteries will probably like it . I have seen too many of them so it was very unoriginal and just silly .
It 's good to see the two great actors of their generation back together in Righteous Kill . Frankly , though , although a few sparks of fire at times , the heat has subsided significantly .
How sad that this summit of acting titans is in the service of a police-procedural drama that is at once convoluted , stupidly illogical and easily predictable .
Predictable , badly written and ultimately disappointing , this distinctly below-average thriller would have gone straight to DVD if it were n't for De Niro and Pacino .
Righteous Kill is not particularly good . With any other stars involved , this would be swept under the carpet like any other mediocre procedural . But even with the big guys on board , it 's a giant let-down .
Instead , it 's a rather pompous , disappointing one , and a squandered opportunity to boot .
The movie goes nowhere and takes 100 minutes to do so . It should have cut its losses , gone for comedy and called itself Grumpy Old Cops .
Despite those major reservations , watching De Niro and Pacino is still an event .
This one 's no Heat . More a pan of thin gruel brought to simmer .
The whole thing feels as tired and over-familiar as its leading men . Really , only three words need saying to Pacino and De Niro : you 're too old .
A spotty cop procedural that serves its purpose performance-wise ; De Niro and Pacino have been better , but they 've also been far , far worse . Shoring up a convoluted script and journeyman direction , their double-act is muscular enough to please the crowds .
It 's an effective whodunnit but - more importantly - it poses refined , complex questions about how the law operates in a so-called civilised society .
And so the film trundles on . A preposterously booming score just serves to emphasise the clichéd script , sound design and cinematography .
They require a bigger stage , a sharper script and a more rigorous director . Without these , the long-awaited De Niro/Pacino show amounts to nothing so much as a novelty bout , a celebrity sparring session . Its sound and fury signifies very little .
The plot is irrelevant because the film is utterly infatuated with the two big egos .
Scenes come and go in clouds of confusion , flashbacks and cutaways leaping in and out of the action like misbehaving children , but a moral stink persists .
They look like jobbing veteran actors picking up another payday in some routine cop filler , and Avnet 's busily clueless direction offers them and the clunky writing little help . Pacino . De Niro . It 's over .
Righteous Kill is a rote and lumbering thriller that forgets to supply any thrills , and which hangs on the revelation of a twist so obvious that tension dissipates long before the so-called big reveal .
This cop drama is far too ordinary to live up to the hype . Spiky and watchable , it does n't really stretch anyone . Especially the audience .
This reminds me of The Simpsons episode where Grandpa Abe rides a bike with no hands proclaiming , `` Look at me , I 'm acting young ! '' Then he flies into a grave dig .
The movie is hectic , exhausting , and baffling .
... if the movie starred Al Schwartz and Robert Greenblatt , it would hardly be worth watching .
Even if it were pretty good - which it 's not - Righteous Kill would fall a distant third in the rankings of films in which Al Pacino and Robert De Niro both appeared .
Righteous Kill is n't so much bad as it is played out . No wonder the film 's faded stars seem to fit right in .
Am I the only one who 's concerned that two of America 's greatest living actors are spending their golden years making mediocre to bad movies ?
It 's not much fun to see these two reduced to Mad TV parodies of themselves . In the right movie , they 'd stop coasting on their legends long enough to remind us how they became them .
Here 's a mess of a movie that has two things going for it : The star power of its two leads .
Ultimately , almost everything in the film has been done better before . But it still hits enough of the right notes , and even when they 're phoning things in , De Niro and Pacino are still better than most other actors .
Robert De Niro is having sex with Carla Gugino . I know . It 's like witnessing a traffic accident where an Edsel keeps slamming into a shiny red Corvette .
miamisi ora tis megalyteris arpahtis poy ehoyn kanei pote stin kariera toys o Pacino ki o De Niro , poiitika eironiko kai righteous poy tin kanoyn mazi
Good in the way that makes it worth catching on basic cable during the commercial breaks of something better .
If it were n't for the presence of De Niro and Pacino , this would be just another generic straight-to-DVD police drama . It would probably star Tim Daly and Stephen Baldwin .
With the focus on odd and again , obvious twists and turns there was n't enough time to sit back and watch two of the greatest actors of our time .
It took 40 years , but Robert De Niro finally has made a movie that enables him to utter this line : `` Rambo the skateboard pimp was my tenth kill . ''
A bleak and morally meaningless cop flick .
This cliche-filled crime thriller adds up to little more than a slow-paced episode of `` Law & Order '' with the real culprit telegraphed so far in advance that there 's little suspense .
Tough gravelly voiced Al Pacino and Robert De Niro , playing NYPD detectives , are the selling point for ` Righteous Kill . '
Old pros battle brutal vigilante , muddled story .
Why take on new characters when instead , they can play cops ? How cutting edge . With a plastic butter knife .
The thing that shocked me most was how the movie felt like some cheap-o straight-to-DVD thriller . The production values - from cinematography to editing to musical score - are little more than adequate .
By the time the final reel winds down , you 're left with a very typical , alarmingly predictable genre film .
As people have been saying lately , you ca n't put lipstick on a pig . This movie should n't star DeNiro and Pacino . It should star Corey Haim and Corey Feldman .
Here 's what I took away from Righteous Kill , the grade Z cop thriller ... : If you can come up with the scratch , Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino will do anything : kid 's parties , bar mitzvahs , retirement luncheons , you name it .
If the movie is n't anything to write home about , Pacino and DeNiro are .
Al Pacino and Robert De Niro seem to make this schlock palatable , but for everyone thinking Righteous Kill is going to be the next Heat , you 're going to be left burnt . It 's more like a bad episode of Law & Order .
There is such a palpable lack of enthusiasm from the two stars that it feels at times as if the film has been entirely crafted out of rehearsal footage of them going through the material at quarter-speed in order to save their energy for the actual take .
Righteous ? Not exactly -- though with these two , it certainly should have been .
In the end , neither actor can muster the energy to rise above the subpar material .
Director Jon Avnet generously puts the actors together as often as possible , and the sheer satisfaction of watching Michael Corleone and Travis Bickle spark off each other almost mitigates the utter hokum that permeates every other element of the film .
What a waste .
The film is well-paced and features subtle performances from De Niro and Pacino .
The power couple 's onscreen chemistry , which should be the film 's strongest calling card , is merely adequate , a major disappointment for those expecting a tug o ' war between screen titans .
Aside from the novelty of two acting legends working together , Righteous Kill plays like a pumped-up episode of Law and Order , with the lurid benefits of the R rating .
De Niro seems tired , Pacino 's only half interested , and the gritty New York City milieu only serves to remind you of better days and much better movies .
Fans in need of a Pacino/De Niro hit can just watch the coffee-shop scene from Heat again : it 's 20 times cooler and 80 minutes shorter .
Pacino has a few funny lines , as does Leguizamo , but not nearly enough to save the film from collapsing under the weight of its own self-righteous tedium .
Al Pacino and Robert De Niro collect bloated paychecks with intent to bore in Righteous Kill , a slow-moving , ridiculous police thriller that would have been shipped straight to the remainder bin at Blockbuster if it starred anyone else .
Smothering close-ups , slam-bang montages and sudden , bloody assaults , all sleekly effective .
Righteous Kill was helmed by Jon Avnet -LRB- the excruciatingly bad 88 Minutes -RRB- with the sort of phony , frantic energy that suggests a director with little faith in his material .
Righteous Kill is not a good movie , but it has some nifty violence and plenty of atmosphere .
It 's astonishing how much intensity and focus these two have lost , but the picture itself is not all that bad -- if you can get the collapsing-career thing out of your head .
De Niro and Pacino hit every step so perfectly , they make even the standard cop-movie moments shine .
In every way that matters -LRB- indeed , in just about every way a movie can -RRB- , Righteous Kill fails to deliver .
De Niro . Pacino . There 's little other reason to watch Righteous Kill other than to see a missed opportunity .
Taken purely on its merits as a psychological thriller , Righteous Kill is probably a two-star film . The third star is there strictly for De Niro and Pacino . Playing off each other , they stir up the ghosts of past greatness .
... a synthetic , spineless suspense piece that cobbles together all the familiar ingredients of sensationalistic cynicism on the gaudy backs of a sneering DeNiro and edgy Pacino
Righteous Kill is one of those excruciating trick movies that is proud of its pseudo-cleverness .
There 's a spark here , and a flicker there , but mostly Righteous Kill is all fizzle .
There 's no meat in Jon Avnet 's generic cop thriller , not even the pleasure of Pacino 's ham .
A slack , morally ambiguous , decidedly sub - ` Dexter ' serial-killer-cop story .
A weak script from Russell Gewirtz and an all-too-predictable ending prevents Righteous Kill from ever being that picture-perfect dream match-up you would hope for and expect .
As far as De Niro-Pacino interaction , I 'll take five minutes of Heat to a hundred minutes of Righteous Kill any day .
At this saggy point in their illustrious careers , De Niro and Pacino seem less like Beatles and more like Monkeys .
We 're stuck watching to glum '70s icons go through the motions in a glum movie .
Righteous Kill is so average that the standard bell curve ca n't calculate just how general it is .
This is n't the De Niro and Pacino of old ... it is , unfortunately , the older De Niro and Pacino .
Righteous Kill uses Karen -LRB- Carla Gugino -RRB- both to critique the male cops ' sense of self-righteousness and be the victim .
... a great actor 's showcase in spite of being only an okay movie .
As one of the cops in this awful police thriller might say , `` There 's nothing to see here , folks . ''
Time , alas , does n't so much pass in Righteous Kill as crawl , despite the usual overcutting , which tries to pump energy into the inert proceedings .
Pacino is careful to rein in his bad habits in such company , and De Niro is De Niro ; neither , however , can do much with material this trite . So , watching them , we 're really seeing , and applauding , the ghosts of roles past .
DeNiro is 65 , Pacino is 68 , and they look it . Not just physically : spiritually , too . They 're exhausted .
Everything is amped all the way up to 11 , and while that works just fine for Spinal Tap for the rest of us all it really does is produce a side-splitting headache .
The flick is nowhere near the level of Heat because of the predictability but it does deliver great performances and hilariously awkward dialogue .
` Righteous Kill ' is a tired pastiche of genre clichés and ideas borrowed from other D-grade thrillers , a story without style , energy or any discernible respect for narrative logic .
Avnet is perhaps the last guy on a list of suitable directors to helm a Pacino/De Niro face off , but here we are , and Righteous Kill is expectedly ripe with flaws and teeming with idiocy .
Except for 50 Cent , who ca n't act a smidge , the actors are game but the script is tired .
Robert De Niro and Al Pacino save Righteous Kill from becoming another run-of-the-mill cop movie
This year , Bob and Al have chosen to do their latest , second-rate cop/thriller movie together . I suppose we owe them thanks for sparing us from having to sit through two separate stinkers .
Remember Hide and Seek ? Yeah , the twist is that obvious .
... a dud of a film that tries to be clever but fails miserably .
A twisty , turny and ultimately silly thriller .
A thinly-sketched , utterly pedestrian cop thriller that pivots on a very predictable twist ending .
Not surprisingly , what 's right about Righteous Kill begins and ends with Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino .
It feels as if they 're old friends who have worked together for decades , slipping into an easy camaraderie as well as a credible depiction of blue-collar beat-walkers . -LRB- Better still , they look like they 're having fun . -RRB-
How not to dig into the experience of seeing two of cinema 's greatest legends working side by side ? Well , first we could focus on the plot :
They seem comfortable enough in each other 's company on-screen to make you wish there were more scenes that allowed them to just kick back and riff . It 'd be a lot more enjoyable than watching the movie strain for clarity -- or cleverness .
Enduring a contrived and convoluted crime drama would be worthwhile if it featured powerhouse performances from the two best screen actors of their generation . Such is not the case .
The new thriller that emphatically pairs -LSB- De Niro and Pacino -RSB- qualifies as a historic event , whether it 's any good or not .
Sitting through this 111-minute debacle is akin to watching two amateur comics giving bad impersonations of De Niro and Pacino . Worse , actually ; the comics would at least be funny .
Lazy , muddled and so misdirected it should be a felony itself , `` Righteous Kill '' is nothing but a cheap trick .
An ordinary cop picture boosted by two charismatic superstars but hindered by its dearth of surprises .
One of the most patently imbecilic thrillers to come down the pike in many a moon .
The novelty of watching De Niro and Pacino team up wears off pretty quickly .
Compared to 88 Minutes , Pacino 's previous collaboration with director Jon Avnet , it 's a work of art , but the movie is so dreadfully by-the-numbers and predictable that comparing it to a TV cop show would be an insult to TV cop shows .
Pacino and De Niro look totally spent , and watching Righteous Kill will likewise make a long , tired day feel even more endless .
Everybody involved has earned a more righteous , movie and righteous director , than this .
Righteous Kill , a.k.a. . The Al and Bob Show , is a cop flick with all the drama of Law and Order : AARP .
It 's not that the crime thriller Righteous Kill is spectacularly awful . It 's just thoroughly mediocre - a standard police procedural , a long episode of Law & Order , unremarkable but for the pairing of Robert De Niro and Al Pacino .
At once groaningly predictable and needlessly convoluted .
... reveals what Robert De Niro and Al Pacino truly have in common : Neither can say no to a crappy script .
Leaden with cliches , obvious red herrings and logic-abandoning choices by the lead characters , the Russell Gewirtz script is the proverbial pig in De Niro-Pacino lipstick .
Equally gritty old school crime thriller and flashy seductive post-modern whodunit noir , along with De Niro 's off the job kinky rough sex lover forensic babe -LRB- Carla Gugino -RRB- who likes him to role play criminals in bed , Righteous Kill delivers the goods .
Lurid , stupid cop melodrama ... crammed with sequences so overwrought and dialogue so monumentally pseudo-tough as to be absolutely laughable . The celebrated stars ... produce nothing but crude self-parody .
At last , Robert De Niro and Al Pacino star in a film together . Too bad it 's a fairly run-of-the-mill cop drama with an ending you 'll see coming from miles away .
De Niro and Pacino 's iconic acting compensate up to a point for a movieish , implausible , predictable , morally debatable tale .
lugubrious and lackadaisical









@highlight

Al Pacino and Robert De Niro do their best to elevate this dowdy genre exercise , but even these two greats ca n't resuscitate the film 's hackneyed script .