... a fun and original feature film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Its European setting places additional gravity on McDonagh 's Irish-Catholic notions of reckoning-the knowledge that we have to pay for our sins , no matter how great or small .
This is one of those movies that kicks off with a slow engine and picks up at full speed in the second half .
... a knockdown and cockeyed comedy of violence .
I never expected to be moved by In Bruges , but I was .
Those who know McDonagh 's work know a vein of darkness will run deeply through the comedy . It has seldom been darker . Or funnier .
In Bruges is a wildly imperfect feature debut , but it does make you curious to see what else McDonagh has to offer .
Tightly scripted and intricately plotted , the buddy film manages the neat two-step of being simultaneously profane and engaging .
In Bruges is a refreshingly different take on the hitmen genre .
The stars ' foul-mouthed riff on Laurel and Hardy is shamefully entertaining while director Martin McDonagh 's dialogue is cynical and disgracefully funny .
Gleeson is a delight and Farrell gives his best performance in ages , capturing both the unrepentant philistine and endearing vulnerability at war in the tormented Ray .
Gleeson reminds us that the best acting always looks like no acting at all .
Almost certainly the most expletive-riddled film of the year , Irish playwright Martin McDonagh 's feature debut puts a fresh spin on the hitman genre that 's part Harold Pinter , part Laurel and Hardy and part Fellini .
Imperfect though it may be , In Bruges has charms that are difficult to resist , much like the city for which it 's named .
The word ` unexpected ' is a severe understatement when regarding the narrative genius of In Bruges .
In the end , the only problem I see with In Bruges is that it will be a tough film to market to a mainstream audience .
What could have been an all-too familiar story of guilt , betrayal , male bonding and honour among thieves , gets a smart , endlessly surprising treatment here .
In Bruges earns its laughter -- gales of it , if you 're tuned into its chattering rhythms . But its triumph lies in McDonagh 's ability to seamlessly merge such snappy , waggish tones with bleak tragedy , and not compromise the story 's truthful integrity .
It all gets a little bit chaotic but at the same time I enjoyed this film .
Sure , there are clumsy film edits and there are too many close-ups , but an emphasis on character and acting is exactly what is missing in much current film .
In terms of showing what Farrell is capable of as an actor and not just as a marquee name , In Bruges stands alongside The New World .
Famed Irish playwright Martin McDonagh 's film debut In Bruges is a ferociously funny , deadly serious character study of two Dublin hitmen holed up in the titular Belgian town .
A cleverly written and humorous script by renowned playwright and director Martin McDonagh , together with outstanding performances by Colin Farrell , Brendan Gleeson and Ralph Fiennes , results in one very brilliant film .
The revelation is Farrell , whose natural petulance as an actor has never chimed so well with his deeper reserves of childlike vulnerability .
In Bruges is a weird mix of bloody violence and situational comedy that occasionally provides a sombre meditation on mortality , and even functions as a picturesque travelogue to boot . And it works .
The handling of the violence seems like that line about jesting at scars if you never felt a wound .
McDonagh has an expert hand when it comes to depicting cases of arrested development like this , or characters whose conviction that they are `` nice people '' is baldly contradicted by the way they act .
One of this holiday season 's most pleasant dark-horse dramadies .
Moonlighting playwright Martin McDonagh yanks a trapdoor on his gallows humor - jerking from wry cringe comedy to a surreal congregation of blind skinheads , fat Americans and high midgets before a violent , solemn climactic parable about purgatory .
It was a joy to watch Colin Farrell rekindle the magic seen in his earlier performances .
An offbeat black comedy , part buddy movie and part Odd Couple with better weaponry , In Bruges comes cocked with twists and surprises .
No chit-chat passes by without an ornate bit of would-be profane drollery
In Bruges , with its blunt , black wit running up against its moral fiber , manages to have its violent-crime-comedy cake and transcend it too .
Entre la comedia negra y la tragedia sangrienta , una película inusual y con ciertos rasgos de originalidad no apta para todos los estómagos o sensibilidades .
An intriguing mix of situational humor and existential dread , a balancing act of light and dark , memorably executed .
One of the most original films in years .
It plays really engagingly , with the leads doing a wonderful Mutt and Jeff act and the camera lingering lovingly over scenery that looks awfully pretty in the moments before it gets spattered with blood .
Maybe it 's just that the cycle of hitman film escapades is played out for the time being , but In Bruges might have been better off using a silencer .
This is funny and touching ; subtle whilst incredulous , any which way -- it 's clever , endearing and lots of fun .
For all his movie 's tough talk , it 's a sometimes slipshod construction .
Playwright Martin McDonagh 's debut feature of his own script shows still-tentative cinematic skills , yet his flair for dialogue and inanity delivers the laughs as the bodies hit the cobblestones .
In Bruges is funny and flashy , but as it ends you know you 've been laughing because it truly hurts , and every flare and flash of the talking and the killing have left something much more subtle burned into your brain .
McDonagh 's trademark is dark humor , the ability to humanize inhuman situations , and plot twists you do n't see coming . Expect all of these here , along with gorgeous cinematography by Eigil Bryld .
The first film to earn a place on my 2008 10-best list , In Bruges is a laughing skull of a movie .
While the individual parts of the movie satisfy , In Bruges does n't really come together as a whole .
If you enjoyed last year 's underappreicated You Kill Me , book yourself a return ticket to Bruges .
McDonagh directs with supreme confidence , just as he writes .
McDonagh 's dialogue is often bruisingly funny -- particularly once hambone Ralph Fiennes makes his belated entrance -- and his sense of the absurd never falters .
Colin Farrell has redeemed himself , and shown he is an actor of the first rank .
Despite its graphic violence , In Bruges remains a hilarious comedy with poignant moments , while never tipping over into maudlin territory .
The twists and turns of McDonagh 's elaborate plotting , its tremendous location of the medieval city of Bruges in Belgium , and the high level of performances from everyone involved makes it one of this year 's pleasures .
Clever , unpredictable and entertaining , with moments of anguish ...
Despite the contrived conclusion , it all works marvellously , and that 's thanks to some terrific performances .
Funny and thrilling , you 'll find redemption In Bruges
Brilliantly sharp screenplay oozes pathos , incongruity and comedy of the blackest kind ... hilarious yet tragic , unpredictable yet conventional , but always involving and surprisingly moving
If you 're stuck , In Bruges does n't seem to be a bad place to be .
A very dark comedy that gets sillier and bloodier and less funny as it nears its violent conclusion .
Every once in awhile , a film will come out that just slaps you in the face . And I mean that in the best possible way .
Marketed as a much faster-paced shoot - 'em - up than it ultimately is ... Go for the scenery , stay for the Act III climax and Ralph Fiennes .
The two lead actors , Brendan Gleeson and Colin Farrell , were great in their respective roles .
When it is a dark comedy full of feisty dialogue and humorous Pulp Fiction-type exchanges , In Bruges is fantastic .
Brooding , tense , allegorical , quirky , tragic and unbelievably funny , In Bruges may be the most intelligent , introspective and bizarre gangster thriller in quite some time , perhaps ever .
The performances , by both Farrell and Brendan Gleeson , have an unpredictable , appealing , off-kilter , bull-in-a-china-shop quality that transcends the material 's innate familiarity .
For a movie I knew nothing about going into , it really surprised me and I had a great time watching it .
In Bruges has unforgettable moments of depth , lots of pitch black humor , outrageous , unbelievable twists that are nevertheless quite entertaining and the teaming of Gleeson and Farrell who jointly deliver an acting knock out .
There 's a Mametian rat-a-tat to McDonagh 's dialogue , but the offbeat humor and the characters ' genuine pain and regret feels unique .
Farrell has brought his A-game to this cracking little comedy-noir written and directed by Martin McDonagh . He is absolutely superb .
A wonderfully absurd film . McDonagh is never stuck for a brilliant kiss-off line . I doubt he 'll ever be stuck for an audience either .
It 's like prime era Mamet with relentless , unstoppable super-profane dialogue !
A double-act with depth , the cast of In Bruges seize upon an invigorating script and defy expectations .
Ralph Fiennes is no Sexy Beast and writer/director Martin McDonagh is stronger on dialogue than story , but this is still a laugh-out-loud dark comedy , giving Colin Farrell his finest role in ages .
Colin Farrell raises eyebrows , belly laughs and sympathy in Martin McDonagh 's debut feature .
A morality tale with a distictly Coen-ish air , making excellent , occasionally surreal , use of a great location and lacing the comedy with bloody unpleasantness . It even has a quirky score by Coen collaborator Carter Burwell .
Its mock-artistic thriller trappings notwithstanding , ` In Bruges ' is basically a funny , tragicomic two-hander , with the casting of Farrell alongside Gleeson enabling a pleasing Irish inflection .
With In Bruges , the British gangster movie gets a Croydon facelift . It may not be new , but it 's a wonderfully fresh take on a familiar genre : fucked-up , far-out and very , very funny .
Hugely enjoyable , frequently hilarious comedy-thriller with a superb script and terrific performances from Gleeson and Farrell .
... intriguing mix of bloodletting and laughter .
fun fun
But for all the showy action and spurty blood , it 's the evolving intimacy between Ken and Ray that is most compelling in In Bruges .
McDonagh breathes new life into moldy pulp fiction tropes with a heavy-duty helping of Irish Catholic angst , mixing the sacred and the blisteringly , side-splittingly profane .
-LSB- I -RSB- ntellectual slapstick , a ticklish combination of comic torment , a brutal grasping of life 's fickleness , and sheer bloody violence that is like a shout in the dark against it ...
The unbelievable sensitive hit men trifle might have worked if it was just a travelogue about the Belgian Flemish fairytale medieval city of Bruges .
As the film reveals its surprising depths , its witty convolutions and its deep sense of irony , you realize that you 're in the presence of something unusual indeed .
As a black comedy , In Bruges is a work of comic genius .
A brilliant black comedy that successfully moves from character-driven shenanigans to suspenseful thriller .
In Bruges may , at its core , be just another Tarantino-esque shoot - 'em - up with jokes , but it 's been a long time since someone 's gotten one right .
If Monty Python made a black , shoot - 'em - up satire , this is what it would look and sound like .
... quirky , engrossing and often mordantly funny ...
As the ` ironic ' contrast between historic Flemish beauty and modern vulgarity and violence increases , the movie becomes overdetermined in its twist-of-fate plotting and over-reliant on thuggish humor ...
This dark comedy shifts effortlessly between silly and sobering , and it finally gives Colin Farrell the chance to be as funny as we 've long suspected he could be .
Does n't need to be too hip or too cool to be damn good .
As with all road movies , it all comes down to chemistry , and almost every character in In Bruges convincingly connects , selling the story 's absurd twists and turns .
Offbeat and off-putting , unless you 're really heavily into `` guilt and sins and hell and all that . ''
McDonagh shines more as a writer than director but he displays a fresh , darkly comic take on life that 's quite welcome .
... has trouble balancing the movie 's twisted humor and explosive violence , creating glaring shifts in tone that make watching In Bruges a wild , if only sporadically satisfying , trip .
Like Farrell 's shaky shooter , this comedic thriller hits its marks most of the time .
It 's hard to mix dark wit with real tragedy , but that 's what writer-director Martin McDonagh pulls off with In Bruges , a wonderfully realized examination of unintended and deadly consequences .
Those who can withstand the verbal assault on their sensibilities will be rewarded . The film features some very good performances , as well as an interesting take on the morality and mental strain of being a killer .
` After I killed him , I dropped the gun in the Thames ' -- so begins In Bruges , an insanely clever thug 's tale so rife with obscenity that those 11 words form one of the longest complete sentences that can be repeated safely here .
In Bruges is memorable for its two leading men , whose Mutt and Jeff killers are nearly as fascinating and likable as those played by Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta in Pulp Fiction .
In Bruges is what Guy Ritchie might dream about making if , in fact , he could make a worthwhile movie anymore .
-LSB- Director -RSB- McDonagh got winning performances from all of his cast , and the film exudes a charming sense of fun .
Writer-director Martin McDonagh revels in splattering his profane , bloody film all across Bruges ' lovely cobblestones , and the result is a spectacular , hilariously transgressive debut .
In the end , In Bruges is a bit arch and artificial , but it is more than redeemed by Farrell and Gleeson 's presence , and by the bushwhacking wit of the film 's writer/director .
The dialogue is front and center , in spite of the picturesque setting and all the goings-on , and it 's the best thing about the film .
An entertaining blend of dark comedy , gruesome suspense and tender emotion
the sight of a coked-up Colin Farrell karate-chopping a racist dwarf in the neck alone is worth the price of admission
Everything comes together in a climax that acts like one in a standard crime thriller but means a bit more .
A near-masterpiece , impossible to pigeonhole or predict . It is the kind of great movie that could only be made by a neophyte .
I thought it was fantastic .
A film that 's so bloody wonderful -LRB- in both meanings of the word -RRB- that all other movies this year might as well go straight to video .
... it 's certainly difficult not to admire the fervor with which both Farrell and Gleeson tackle their respective characters and the film 's ample dialogue ...
Visually stunning photography of the silent byways and crannies of the ancient medieval city of Bruges frames a story of guilt and honor played out by wonderfully demented hit men .
In Bruges is the first movie by the celebrated Irish playwright Martin McDonagh , who also wrote the script . It 's an electrifyingly funny take on the Euro-gangster flick .
The first great film of 2008 ... Finally , an original hitman drama .
It is easily one of the best debut feature films in recent memory . The notion of a pair of hit men cooling their heels as they 're forced to play tourist in a picture-postcard town is clever enough . But as the story unspools , it grows more intriguing .
The film is a trifle , but a darkly entertaining one .
A rude and riotous laugher .
Nothing is new about In Bruges , and yet writer-director Martin McDonagh makes it seem fresh .
Overplotted , choppy , and contrived , it nonetheless has a curious vitality that makes you wonder where McDonagh will go next .
A kind of eccentric , wisecracking Waiting for Godot that shifts gears into a bloody , unpredictable action spectacle that never loses its heart .
In Bruges is not a great movie , but there 's no mistaking that it 's the product of a great talent .
Disappointingly strip-mines the very fatigued comic hit-man genre to diminishing returns .
There are good moments laced through the severely uneven In Bruges , but the best reason for seeing it is Bruges itself .
If you could hoist a film on your shoulders and parade it through the theater for adulation and hoorays , the new British crime comedy In Bruges would be the one .
In Bruges manages to toy with cliche while avoiding it entirely .
Gleeson and Farrell have a fine , natural chemistry , so it 's a shame when circumstances change and rob the film of its greatest asset , especially when that charm is replaced by silly shoot-outs that leave the audience stranded in an unintended purgatory .
While -LSB- director McDonagh -RSB- proves less skilled at managing a plot-driven narrative , sensational performances from all involved -- Farrell , dangerous and dim , has n't been this natural in ages -- more than shoulder the burden .
It feels contrived -- often clever and sometimes funny but always self-conscious , one of those indie flicks where the damn quirkiness is plastered on and right in your face . It 's like an architect making the gargoyles the centrepiece of his church .
A brutal and at times amusing excursion .
-LSB- Director McDonagh 's -RSB- seesawing between slapstick and horror comes across as opportunistic because ultimately he can not place the lives of these men in a credible moral context .
The movie gradually deepens from odd-couple comedy into Catholic-themed drama , but it remains marvelously funny throughout .
What 's a pair of Irish hitmen doing In Bruges ? I.e. , what are two colorful but hackneyed movie stereotypes doing in Belgium 's most well-preserved medieval city ?
It 's definitely not to everyone 's taste , but the most interesting pictures never are .
For all its very snappy dialogue and daringly crass humor , In Bruges aims to be about , in one character 's words , `` guilt and sins and hell and all that . ''
There are several standout moments , but as a whole it feels rather flat and arrested . For a film about Purgatory , however , that might be appropriate .
Unfortunately , the finished product is lost somewhere in the messily finger-painted tones ; Bruges is a decent blast of uneasy cinema , but is ultimately crushed under the weight of its own self-adulation .
` In Bruges ' discloses nothing that is not at once discernible and , even with new wrinkles , does not measure up against better caper-gone-awry works .
Could Colin Farrell 's true calling be as a comedian ?
You 'll be glad you spent time In Bruges
This film debut by the theater writer and director Martin McDonagh is an endlessly surprising , very dark , human comedy , with a plot that can not be foreseen but only relished .
The filmmaker 's dialogue crackles with profane sizzle , while the moralistic underpinnings of his protagonists are suitably dark , twisted and complex .
It may be a Tarantino knock-off in the end but it is one of the most entertaining Tarantino knock-offs that I can recall seeing in recent memory .
McDonagh does n't quite reinvigorate the genre , but if you liked Lucky Number Slevin or You Kill Me , you 'll like this too .
Full of black humor and sharp comedic jabs , but with an undercurrent of genuine soul searching .
a fantastic start to a new career .
-LSB- McDonagh -RSB- talks a blue streak beautifully , but he has yet to find the nuance and poetry that make his red images signify with commensurate sizzle and pop .
An unfunny comedy , this dismal effort is so full of plot holes it could pass as Swiss Cheese
... not , fortunately , a Hollywood film and does n't dumb down for its audience . Instead , Martin McDonagh makes you pony up and pay attention to his complexly woven tapestry .
Writer/director Martin McDonagh has created something tonally unique , a film that is hilarious and tragic , irreverent and wistful , peopled with characters learning to love life with death all around them .
Too good for action , its action is flaccid ; too good for hip , its hipsterism is tired .
Farrell has n't been this good in some time , and his loose , funny performance suggests he should try comedy more often .
A perfectly titled and thoroughly engaging -- if at times gleefully violent -- black comedy .
In Bruges is a haunting and hypnotic movie , just the thing to get lost in .
It somehow manages to never stop being brutally funny , while also becoming tragically bleak .
A bravura , genre-twisting gem . This is one picture that packs a wallop .
Fun romp filled with likable hit-men , breezy dialogue and unexpected diversions .
After playing one too many sullen poseurs it 's clear Colin Farrell and Ralph Fiennes had a ball making an inky black comedy seething with grandiose invective .
For what it 's worth it 's not often you get to see an angry Irish hitman doing coke while hanging with Dutch prostitutes and a racist dwarf .
When it 's funny , it 's hilarious ; when it 's serious , it 's powerful ; and either way , it 's an endless pleasant surprise .
Martin McDonagh 's raucous dark comedy teeters between cheeky humor and violence , overplaying both to varying degrees .
All the proletarian poetry in the world ca n't save this movie from its blurry mess of mixed motives .
... the -LSB- year 's -RSB- first terrific -LSB- film -RSB- . ... -LSB- N -RSB- ot to take anything away from the others -LSB- but -RSB- the big surprise here is just how hilarious Farrell is .
Feels like two short films bolstered end to end , one a deliciously dark comedy with a heart of gold and the other a less accomplished gangster flick that is too derivative and neatly tied up for its own good .
In Bruges lurches from pretty but uninformative tour-of-the-town footage to static conversations between Ray and Ken , dully framed .
Once the shooting starts , everything collapses , and the ending is the kind that causes head-shaking . It 's as if the filmmaker realized he wrote himself into a corner and had to resort to a contrivance to bring things to a close .
Here is an unapologetically irreverent European flick that makes subtle character development as effortless as Colin Ferrell 's upward bent eyebrows .
It 's deeply insulting to movie audiences when an award-winning playwright thinks that this sub-Tarantino nonsense carries the essence of cinema in some way .
Not entertainment for the faint-hearted and mindlessly censorious , and in this particularly chaotic period , it seems right in tune with the times . It goes almost without saying that the acting of the three leads is , in a word , splendid .
A gruesome , confused stumblebum of a movie .
Nothing more than a modern film noir incongruously set in a medieval city , but ... made enjoyable by its unusual locale , tart tough-guy dialogue and a strong cast .
A cold little jolt of cruelty , which is more than most crime thrillers can offer .
No one wants a movie that tiptoes in step with political correctness , yet the willful opposite can be equally noxious .
It 's obvious why -LSB- director -RSB- McDonagh wanted to launch his film career with bang-bang instead of talk-talk . But his timing seems off .
Melancholic music and a torpid pace do n't make In Bruges profound , but they are symptomatic of this phony , pretentious crime film 's schizophrenia .
A shaggy , not-all-that-good-but-good-enough gangster comedy ... violent , intermittently amusing and very 1992 .
The breeziness and eventual dramatic weight of the story , along with the hilarious , snappy dialogue , help the film rise above its basic ordinariness .
Good chemistry between Gleeson and Farrell , lots of wisecracks , laughs and blood .
Hard to beat a good crime story lightened up with honest laughter and existential angst .
A jolly satiric romp with very astute talents in all departments , including the travel agent .
Even when the film goes off the rails , however , it 's still a fun ride .
After losing his way in things like Alexander , Ask the Dust and Miami Vice , Farrell has never been better .
Sharply uneven , In Bruges is a film of some charming scenes and witty moments , demonstrating helmer 's love for language but suffers from rough and frequent tonal changes .
Just when you think you 've seen every possible variation on the hit-man genre , Irish playwright Martin McDonagh in his feature debut has fashioned an audacious combination of Old World grace and modern ultraviolence .
This half-comic , half-serious account of two Irish hitmen who are sent to the titular Belgian burg to cool their heels after a job is moderately fair as a nutty character study , but overly far-fetched once the action kicks in .
If In Bruges does n't end up being the funniest and most quotable movies of the year , then it should be very close .
It 's got wacky hit men and wackier situations . And it 's intentionally funny . But there 's this unabashed sadness running all the way through it .
Not a comedy for everyone , but definitely a comedy for some , especially those who enjoy dark , un-politically correct comedy and who do n't mind a bit of blood and violence amongst the laughs .
The humour is offbeat and frequently very un-PC , the entire cast play off each other beautifully and this is all round a refreshingly original film .

@highlight

Featuring witty dialogue and deft performances , In Bruges is an effective mix of dark comedy and crime thriller elements .