The Identical 's biggest problem ... is that it substitutes clichéd conflict between corny stock characters like a money-grubbing talent agent and a rooted-in-his-ways minister for real narrative development .
The Identical is a surreal kick to the head , a well-intended ham fest of unintentional comedy that the `` Sharknado '' guys only wish they could make .
This is -LSB- Dustin -RSB- Marcellino 's first feature and it feels like a nervous first attempt at bringing a production together .
While it 's not a dull time , working within a fictional construct it lacks the depth to really make this come alive .
This is a terrific premise for a movie . Too bad they do so little with it .
Heartfelt Story & Loved the Music
Fans of bad movies , please note : This is a must-see . This is so bad it must be seen to be believed - ` Showgirls ' bad , a vision that slowly goes wrong , then terribly wrong , then hits disaster levels . In a sense , it 's an Ed Wood-ian exercise in wrong .
Did you know that Elvis had an identical twin brother named Schmelvis ?
A `` what if '' about Elvis ' twin provides good entertainment for those seeking family fun and for die hard Elvis fans .
It 's a mysterious , hilarious mess , a confusional cry for directions in a Triple Elvis Universe . Buy your ticket now , before it magically disappears from theaters , and feel the brain-breaking power of song .
Even with all the faith injected into this film like a wino mainlining heroin , there 's no real message , no real conclusion , and no real resolution .
To paraphrase a Presley classic : Wise men say , only fools rush in to see a one-trick pony revolving around an annoying Elvis look-a-like .
A hollow inspirational Christian-themed jukebox musical that is flat out absurd .
... a bizarre musical drama that laughably tries to pass itself off as an inspirational , faith-based tale of wish fulfillment .
Musical melodrama lacks charisma but is fine for tweens .
Long a subject of fascination for certain Elvis fans and scholars of American popular culture , the connection between the King of Rock and Roll and the King of Kings finds its most elaborate expression yet in ` The Identical . '
Rock fantasies are rarely this milquetoast .
Where is all this going , you ask ? Good question .
It 's stocked with clichés , but they 're arranged in such weird ways that the end result is both predictable and certifiable . If only any of it actually went somewhere .
Imagine if Tommy Wiseau from the The Room was an evangelical Christian Elvis impersonator who made a royalty-free biopic starring himself as twins . Hell yes you should see this , probably twice .
Packed with parts that should n't go together and do n't go together but which , when put together anyway , create the kind of experience you partake with jaw dropped and brows furrowed .
There 's a whole lot of Bible-banging in this film , produced by the faith-based City of Peace Films , and while one wants to remain as open-minded as possible about it , the results are pretty dire .
In real life Elvis had a stillborn twin . What if he 'd lived ? A fictional look at the possibility is more interesting as a sentence and a brief thought than a movie .
So much about The Identical is so wrong .
Connoisseurs of the most wonderfully terrible cinema need to run out and catch this one early and often .
A pale impersonator . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Everyone on screen looks like they 'd rather be anywhere else than under the control of novice director Dustin Marcellino , whose first -LRB- and hopefully last -RRB- feature this is .
Movies like this get made all the time , sometimes they even get released into theaters with a modicum of TV advertising , and they 're all about this good , which is to say neither bad nor good , just easily forgettable .
The music is so terrible and it is such a focal point of the film that it was difficult to get past it .
The Oscar winner for most bland movie of the year .
`` The Identical '' is ultimately too schematically sentimental , even with Liotta playing against type , to have much of an impact .
Trading strictly in visual and narrative cliches , The Identical is so solemn and silly that at times you could swear it was a lampoon .
If only the script had more attention given to details , then The Identical would n't have ended up looking like a pale imitation of what could have been a better movie .
An incompetent mishmash of mawkish sentimentality larded with a few pleasant musical numbers and some random asides about Israel .
A jukebox musical that takes time revealing its goofy absurdity .
either the purest expression of cinematic overreaching ever , or just pathetic
`` The Identical '' occupies a neglected niche as a family-friendly movie that is n't geared just toward kids . But living up to a legend is an uphill battle , and the movie does n't ever reach those heights .
`` The Identical '' has grand ambitions , but they fall flat amid a muddled message and a strong whiff of righteousness .
Elvis Presley made some bad movies , but let 's give the King his due : He never made anything as outright awful as `` The Identical . ''
The cast is as scattershot as a moonshiner 's raccoon hunt .
Elvis may have left the building , but a bland impersonator has made his way onto the big screen in a contrived twins-separated-at-birth movie .
The basic premise is actually fairly interesting . Unfortunately , it 's been poorly worked out and clumsily executed .
A bland , edge-less , Elvis-tinged parable , with nothing to offend , shock or rub even the most sensitive of sensibilities the wrong way-like a lot of Elvis ' music , or his own movies .
The weirdest thing about `` The Identical '' is that while it 's undoubtedly a religious picture , it seems more interested in the legend of Elvis than in Christianity itself .
The filmmakers use such a straight-laced and schmaltzy approach that `` The Identical '' might as well be a Hallmark TV movie .
It might join `` Xanadu '' and `` Cool as Ice '' in the campy pantheon of all-time worst musical mishaps .
As both Drexel and Ryan , Blake Rayne -LRB- once an Elvis impersonator in real life -RRB- is earnest and appealing , but it takes more than just looking and singing like Elvis . There was only one Elvis .
The script is so determined to deliver an upbeat message of faith and love , it forgets to be interesting .
The music-heavy second half does n't zip with much pizzazz , and even the film 's many dips into song-and-dance fail to keep it moving along with anything resembling style . By its third act , things have flatlined .
-LSB- The Identical -RSB- feels like one of the biopic parodies from Mr. Show played completely straight .
There is a powerful movie to be made about Elvis and Jesse , about survivor 's guilt and fame.The Identical is n't it .
The Identical is a movie beset by odd choices from the very beginning , starting with its foundational concept .
Elvis slash fiction that could have been written by a spinster church organist .
Viewers will probably find themselves wishing there was a sense of personality on screen to match the eccentric passion that clearly went into putting the project together .
It 's not very good , but it 's certainly a curiosity .
Evidently made with deep pockets but muddled intentions , The Identical is a folly largely unworthy of its hidden idol .
The movie 's bland wholesomeness and meager production values get in the way of exploring the central idea with any real depth .
A movie so bad that you 'll want to watch it with all your friends . There 's a very real possibility we 'll have midnight screenings of this picture for years to come .
Guys , next time you have the urge to write ultra-generic pop songs , inflict them on guests at your family reunion instead .
Dreadful . This Elvis impersonator ca n't leave the building soon enough .
The Identical gets the job done adequately enough . This passably palatable film never hits any real high notes , however .
-LSB- The Identical -RSB- unfortunately falls short of fully realizing its provocative high concept .
A rigorous earnestness drains the life out of `` The Identical , '' a potentially intriguing exploration of identity and nature-versus-nurture debates .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- A shoo-in for a spot on any worst movies of 2014 list , this poorly constructed slice of propaganda , courtesy of the Messianic Jewish Alliance of America -LRB- MJAA -RRB- , is so unintentionally campy you ca n't help but laugh .
The film 's so preoccupied with being `` inspirational '' that it disastrously fails to evoke the allure of rock n ' roll , particularly in America in the 1950s , when it represented an erosion of racial and sexual barriers .

@highlight

With nearly every element ringing as hollow as the ersatz Elvis at the story 's core , The Identical looks destined for a bright future on the ironic viewing circuit .