What comes through is that the troubles besetting Muslims and Jews and their emotional responses are similar in nature . The people involved have so much in common .
Its sense of ambiance , most apparent during scenes of simple conversation between characters , more than compensates for the cinematic overdetermination .
Una contundente ópera prima , narrada en forma fragmentaria a la manera de Amores Perros o Crash , que retrata con brutal honestidad la vida en un conflictivo vecindario de Jaffa . Estupendo elenco de actores no profesionales .
Gripping modern-day drama about crime and tensions among the Israeli Jews and Israeli Arabs .
... acutely insightful about the social divisions within Israel , but it examines them without scolding or sentimentality .
A confident contemporary crime thriller that , yes , may rely on perhaps a few too many plot coincidences to hang together , but otherwise offers a bracing insight into a troubled situation without hectoring us with insipid platitudes .
Stories of violence , revenge and corruption smartly told by next-gen foreign filmmakers
The actors , every one of them new to their craft , make the everydayness of the picture indelible and real .
The pattern of connections and coincidences is a little overschematic , but the movie has energy , especially in the grippingly real shooting scene at the beginning .
A rare film that will force you to confront your own prejudices .
Ajami has an appealingly rough-edged , authentic feel to it , thanks to some strong location work and the fact that the cast is drawn largely from non-professionals and real life locals .
This is vividly challenging , utterly inclusive and heartfelt cinema . It 's not only gripping to watch , but it 'll open your eyes to the intractable human conundrums behind the blood-stained headlines .
By showing how people fail to live together - in a film you could call Israel 's City of God , with its sectarian-feuding story lent power and immediacy by improvisation and non-professional casting - Ajami shows how they might or should live together .
Ajami may be set in Israel , but at times it plays more like an American gangster drama . The film does address the ethnic and social tensions that run through the country , but it does so in a nuanced and refreshingly clear-eyed way .
The movie is insightful in revealing how messy life can be with enemies living in close proximity to one another . The press notes point out the ...
While Quentin Tarantino used the narrative device to give his film a caffeinated jolt of hipster cool , co-directors Scandar Copti and Yaron Shani use it brilliantly to show the chaotic web of violence that traps Jews , Christians and Muslims alike .
A deceptive movie , one that introduces its characters in the heat of violence , allows us to make conclusions based on what we see , then shatters our assumptions in the telling of how that moment came about .
The performances are searingly intense , all delivered by non-professionals cast to type and extemporizing within the parameters of the script . They take the play out of acting , and the effect is unvarnished realism .
Any given half-hour of the film has dramatic impact ; at two hours , it 's a power punch to the gut .
Ajami is a powerful crime drama in which all are heroes and all are villains .
Contrivances bring this bunch together , and the plotting gets a little too complicated and convoluted . Luckily , these are characters that feel real , whose problems are relatable .
The fact that these two Israelis from opposite camps worked together to make this movie is as important as the movie itself .
It does place the audience squarely amid the myriad horrors of a land and a conflict predicated , it appears , on little more than an age-old blood feud and Joseph Heller 's concept of catch-22 .
A compelling drama about prejudice and folly .
It 's an admirably even-handed portrait of life in an occupied ghetto that is bounded by checkpoints . Everyone we meet is a more or less honorably motivated victim of circumstance .
Filmmakers Scandar Copti and Yaron Shani , who also wrote the story , effectively show how , in a tinderbox fueled by racial and religious suspicions , quiet lives can be upended by mere chance , and how constant , random violence feeds upon itself .
Copti and Shani are promising talents , but they 're a bit too clever for their own good .
It 's an admirable achievement , taking simplistic , old-fashioned material and passionately adapting it to make it urgent and relevant .
It 's a film that rewards close attention , involving disparate characters whose lives intersect over the course of several chapters .
Has an honest urgency born from the filmmakers ' very specific personal histories .
... deft filmmaking and storytelling by the tyro directing team . I can not wait to see their follow up works .
Ajami brings its audience into a world where the cultural conflict is fierce , emotions run high , yet the hopeful vision of peaceful coexistence shines through the cracks .
Observing the ominous nature of violence and its crushing aftermath , Ajami is a striking raw nerve of a feature film , holding to a steady path of dread , but keeping the story on its toes by jolting back and forth through locations and time .
Hollywood -LSB- may -RSB- think that Ajami is making a political statement ... given the partnership of the directors . Unfortunately , it 's not enough to make this a memorable film .
Good intentions are one thing , of course , and good writing and filmmaking another . Ajami is lucky to have all three .
The structure teeters but does n't succumb to the contrivances of Crash .
... these young filmmakers show maturity in how they have crafted their script , building layers of perspective that shift and change as they change points of view .
Among other things , Ajami reminds us that `` Israeli '' and `` Jewish '' are not perfectly congruent circles in a Venn diagram ; and that neither these -- nor `` Arab , '' `` Muslim , '' `` Palestinian , '' and `` Christian '' -- describe perfectly homogeneous groups .
It has a complex , elliptical structure that uses unconventional filming techniques to tell a bleak and fatalistic story conveyed with an unnerving sense of verisimilitude .
While its themes of revenge , mutual resentment and grim fatalism offer little hope for a ready solutions , the movie itself testifies to the power of creative collaboration in finding common ground .
Ajami keeps asking : When do people cross the line ? And when does pulling the trigger become a viable option ?
Shani and Copti -LRB- who costars as a hipster druggie -RRB- elicit moving performances from their nonprofessional actors , who ground the somewhat breathless action in a streetwise realism .
The specifics of the plot in Ajami are n't as important as the impact of many sad moments that build up one after another . Hatred is like the weather . You do n't agree with the rain but still you get wet .
Like an Israeli Amores Perros crossed with City of God .
A bold and serious film about the frail threads that keep -- or fail to keep -- a society from falling apart .
Aside from its honesty , I just think it 's a really gripping narrative .
An urgent , immediate , jarring-but-fluid , multicharacter portrayal of Arab life in an Israel ghetto .
Ajami is n't a downbeat film , though it is a relentless one . It is alive with energy , if only the energy devoted to survival .
Do n't worry if you miss some details ; this is the kind of movie that rewards a second viewing .
Extraordinarily accomplished and deeply provocative , the film 's appeal among sophisticated filmgoers should remain strong throughout Oscar season and beyond .
A brutally honest , harrowing and provocative glimpse into the cycle of violence in the Middle East .
a stylish and important step towards forming a more compelling , bravely engaging portrayal of a country in turmoil without disregarding its hypocrisies , corruption and seemingly never-ending suffering .
Ajami , nominated for the foreign lingo Oscar , captures impressively the entire spectrum of religious and cultural diversity of contempo Israel , but the tale is repetitious and unnecessarily convoluted , imitating Gomorroah and other multi-layered crimers .
Rarely has the tinderbox nature of the Middle East been so accurately lensed , on such an intimate scale , as in Scandar Copti and Yaron Shani 's powerful Ajami .
The complexity might require a second viewing , but there is compensation in the realistic acting by a cast of non-pros and the eye-grabbing , hand-held lensing by Boaz Yehonatan Yacov .
You emerge from Ajami moved and also a little worn out , but mostly grateful for the heart , craft and intelligence the movie has shown .
Israel 's 2009 Academy Awards Foreign Film entry has been getting good buzz and deserves most of it .
The combustible movie has had a strangely unifying effect on audiences worldwide ; it deserves to find traction where it counts .
Untidy , despairing , oddly exhilarating .
A terrific and well-realized first film , one that allows you into a world that very few outsiders have a chance to see and allows you to marvel at the storytelling skills of these two filmmakers .
More impressive as a formal exercise than as a means to deepen our understanding of the characters or their situations .
Complex like its nation 's own ethnic and cultural stew , this is bracing cinema even while its implications are distressing in the extreme .
A poignant drama set in the tense multi-ethnic community in Jaffa , Israel , where dreams are regularly shattered by violence , poverty , and religious strife .
There are hints at the sort of collective punishment so often rained down by Palestinians and Israelis upon one another , but really there are far broader concerns here in what is , in effect , a drama of divisions
Gripping , gritty tragedy of complex families who cross at the wrong place at the wrong time . Misunderstood intentions and attitudes sadly lead inexorably to violence .
As complex as Paul Haggis 's film `` Crash , '' this one may be confusing the first time around but affords the viewer an emotional picture of life in one of Israel 's toughest neighborhoods .


@highlight

This multi-character drama balances intimate portrayals and broad political implications to paint a bracing and moving portrait of the Middle East conflict .