While its scarce plot may prevent it from being one of Disney 's most memorable animated classics , Bambi remains an endearing and beloved film thanks to the delightful characters , the beautiful animation , and the marvelous music .
The bogus art which has been creeping into the Disney pictures is really hammered at you in this one .
Feels so much more like an animation experiment than it does a movie .
It 's not just Bambi 's mother - I 'll pause while you wipe that tear - but the film 's revelation that idylls do n't really exist .
The story , while classic in nature , is a bit thin , but Bambi is a breathtaking , jaw-dropping showcase of the ingenuity and genius of Disney animators .
Arguably Disney 's greatest masterpiece , this sophisticated animation is one that continues to delight audiences of all ages
It would be easy to be cynical about Bambi , the Walt Disney-produced film that launched a thousand anthropomorphic animal movies . But its pre-ironic simplicity has , in many ways , only improved with age . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Even Daryl Hall would have to admit this is one of the finest animated features committed to film , produced and packaged during Walt Disney 's ballsiest years of control .
the animated film as pastoral poem , as beautiful a depiction of the natural world as one could imagine
Animation that could n't seem more real , even if it were made today with motion-capture dots plastered all over a baby deer .
Vies only with Pinocchio as the most technically accomplished work of animation to come from the studio 's Golden Age ... the last gasp of a maturity and gravity that would immediately disappear from Disney 's features .
One of the most timeless and universal coming-of-age films ever , Bambi ranks with the very greatest of Disney 's classic masterpieces .
This animated feature based on Felix Salten 's book about the coming of age of a fawn and his various forest friends -LRB- including the beloved Thumper -RRB- does convey some of the primal emotional power of Disney 's features during this period .
For the first time , Disney has done his backgrounds in oils instead of watercolors . The result is striking .
The glow and texture of the Disney brush reach new heights , especially in the treatment of a summer thunderstorm and a raging snowstorm .
A beautifully realised milestone in children 's animation that balances outright sentiment with gentle wit , and negotiates its darker moments with skill .
Still a fantastic fable with some excellent animation and a great story
In 1942 , the emotional scene in which Bambi 's mother is killed by hunters was controversial : Some critics charged that it traumatized young children while defenders claimed that it was honest , realistic , and less graphic than its depiction in the book .
Walt himself would have been proud of the two-disc special edition , which restores the Disney classic back to its original museum-quality luster ... maybe the only missing extra in this treasure is Bambi Meets Godzilla .
From Disney 's richest period , interleaving splendid animation with vulgar Americana .
Fawn-dly revered Disney classic .
Among the best Disney animated features
What has been lost in the 60-plus years since its intial release is what a watershed work Bambi was for its time .
With an emphasis on character development over plot , the film is n't quite as accessible as some of Disney 's more recent efforts ...
There are two ways to look at Bambi : as a museum piece or as entertainment . Focus on the latter and the film unravels .
Some classic sequences , but also too much Disney deer kitsch .
I had forgotten how utterly , astonishingly beautiful the film is .
`` Look , Ma ! No fungus and no moss-syphilis ! ''
Bambi is ... MALE ?!
People just really like cuddly animals , and there 's not a dang thing you can do about it .
Short and to the point , Bambi is an enduring classic .
The fun and fear , the silliness and heartbreak , are taken to vivid extremes by Walt 's entwining of high art and what snobs will always deride as Disney-kitsch .
The circle of life is shown to dramatic effect in the changes of the seasons , and the growing of the animals from toddlers , to adolescents , to adults .
Overrated by people who never read the original book and think kids ' voices with speech impediments are cute .
It still brings tears to my eyes . Disney at its finest .
In colors that would surprise even the spectrum itself , Disney 's cartoon craftsmen have re-created a woodland that shimmers and glows and darkens altogether magically .
... introduced us to a Hobbesian world where bad things could happen to the adorable , and sent thousands of children blubbering into theater lobbies around the world .
sad beyond belief , but lovely to look at and listen to
Beautiful in every sense of the word . I consider it the finest Disney Classic out there .
Bambi is probably one of the best movies ever made , if not THE best .
A brilliantly animated , heart-tugging parable .








@highlight

Elegantly animated and deeply touching , Bambi is an enduring , endearing , and moving Disney classic .