You almost want a sequel just to see how hot and heavy it gets when all the characters are finally matched up with their appropriate partners .
A sweet and funny take on the crossed-wire romantic couplings of A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
It 's too formulaic , much too obvious and features some of the most unpleasant characters in recent film history .
Like a Will & Grace episode gone horribly wrong .
It 's just too bad it 's not still stuck in a plain brown wrapper .
Rarely more than sophomoric .
The way these characters are written tells us nothing about them and everything about the guy who wrote and directed this movie , whose name is Q. Allen Brocka and who may be the only person who will actually find it amusing .
... a feature-length sitcom with gay double entendres .
While the filmmaker 's ambition to give queer cinema a dopey sex comedy of its own is laudable , the results , unfortunately , fail on a base level . It just is n't very funny .
It 's cute enough but fails to deliver .
A less-than-satisfying cinematic meal .
Eating Out is a sometimes-enjoyable trifle . But make no mistake . It 's a trifle .
This low-budget college-campus farce succeeds in being occasionally playful but is mostly annoying .
While there 's zero chemistry between any of them in any combination , there is an awful lot of the excruciatingly shrill Gwen .
Everything you wished Will & Grace would be .
A tasteless comedy that nevertheless leaves a nasty flavor on the tongue .
May be predictable and silly , but it 's never dull .
The story does n't make any real sense , and the production values are home movie-cheap .
Tacky .
A slight sex comedy that would work far better on stage than screen , where it seems far too talky and too slow .
Within the terms of broad , even crude comedy the pic sets for itself , Eating Out is funny more often than not , hilarious on occasion .
In this dreary erotic roundelay , Caleb -LRB- Scott Lunsford -RRB- is a straight man who likes tough women .
Not every filmmaker can be the next American Idol .



@highlight

The cast recites lines of forced wit that are n't funny , and the clunky plot has too many contrivances .