Until an inexplicably awful revelation at the end , The Prestige is a taut , exciting portrait of obsession and the dark competitive spirit of professional magicians .
Risible inanity
Although the slowish pacing early on over-indicates how both magicians ' marquee misdirection -LRB- a disappearing act -RRB- will be achieved , The Prestige still manages a neat trick of its own .
Show me a director better suited for a movie about magic than Christopher Nolan and I 'll show you ... a magician ?
The film is never less than engaging , though considering that the title The Prestige refers to the moment in a magic act that gives it its `` wow '' factor , it 's kind of a shame that the ultimate `` reveal '' in the movie is a little too tricky for its own good .
`` The Prestige '' is a cinematic trick , nothing more , and the deadpan seriousness is part of the effect , and not an end in itself .
In a movie about people who make their livings on misdirection , The Prestige utterly forgets to employ its own .
It 's quite a movie -- atmospheric , obsessive , almost satanic .
Nolan balances Hollywood and indie sensibilities pulling off a film that is smart , complicated and carries a big look .
As is his want , Mr. Nolan jumps between time periods and voice-overs with reckless abandon . The movie 's real trick is that it all somehow manages to congeal .
An example of old-fashioned storytelling , the kind of magical movie that could have been made fifty years ago and , consequently , will still be watched fifty years from now .
An interesting if not entirely satisfactory theatrical interpretation of magical rivalries .
... one of those pictures where the journey is more important than the destination .
The who 's - bilking-whom mind games make for compelling fun , but once the presto moment of The Prestige is revealed , you 're left with nothing but shattered illusions .
The Prestige is a ridiculously , almost uncomfortably engaging film .
Mientras unos encontrarán enigma y adicción % u2014como si se tratase de una historia del genio Hitchcock % u2014 otros , aquellos que buscan el piso falso en el tablado del escenario , porque simplemente no creen en la verdadera magia , saldrán desilusionados
full review in Greek
Odd , but brilliantly so . It 's a small film that feels big , a period drama that looks modern , defying comparison to anything but Nolan himself .
Like a great magician , Nolan makes the pledge , takes the turn and delivers the prestige .
Magical ? Not so much .
Christopher Nolan presenta la rivalidad entre dos magos como si se tratara de un vistozo y complejo truco de magia cuyo secreto nos es develado .
Tout comme le magistral Batman Begins , The Prestige se veut une % u0153uvre de marque dont le raffinement et l'intelligence n'ont d'égal que sa grande accessibilité .
-LSB- The Nolans -RSB- could not have conjured a more chimerical story than this transcontinental thriller about two men selling their souls to destroy each other .
It 's a very cool piece of filmmaking -- as it has to be , given the intellectual sleight-of-hand that lies at its heart . Yet it succeeds as both great entertainment and an absorbing rumination on the dangers of playing God .
A sleight-of-hand thriller set in Britain 's Victorian era where magic was mysterious and performing it precarious , the film is a dark and aggressive emotional roller coaster that challenges the imagination .
If movies are among our greatest , most enduring vehicles for illusion , then a movie about dueling illusionists should , in theory , offer that same sleight of hand -- only amplified . In this case , it does .
Perhaps it is because the film focuses so much on the mechanical and the material that the sudden intrusion of the genuinely magical feels forced and even somewhat silly .
Rarely has magic been presented less magically .
Há filmes que se tornam ainda mais fascinantes quando revisitados , já que o fato de sabermos seus segredos oferece leituras novas e surpreendentes ; em outras palavras : o que era mera surpresa transforma-se em rica ironia dramática . é o caso deste longa .
Gripping , suspenseful , mysterious , moving and often darkly funny .
The Prestige looks great and there 's too much class involved for it to be anything but entertaining . Even so , a suspicion that Nolan overstretched and overdeveloped his story is inescapable .
The Prestige is a superb puzzle-box thriller .
Part ` Sleuth , ' part ` Itchy & Scratchy , ' part science-fiction ...
It is n't my favorite Nolan film , but it 's better than most of the films I see .
We invest in the furious battle because there is more at stake than a magic trick : each man has to sacrifice things near and dear to him
Not only does it tell you how it 's all done , it takes so long about it that you 've got time to look up its sleeves and work it out for yourself .
It lodges itself as not much more than a -LRB- perhaps shockingly -RRB- bitter little pill .
Part homage to the art of performance , part admiration of science and technology , part unexpected turn to science fiction , and total mind-melting madness .
... this odd tale about obsessive Victorian-era magicians and their blood feud is n't nearly as enchanting as it should be .
This dazzling film and first-rate thriller holds you spellbound and does n't let go .
The Prestige is about dueling magicians , but the movie itself is the magic trick .
The Prestige 's magic pales in comparison to other ` magical ' films released this year .
The supporting cast are excellent , particularly rising British star Rebecca Hall as Borden 's wife and David Bowie , looking disturbingly like Ricky Gervais in a bizarre turn as mysterious scientist Nikolai Tesla .
The PrestigeH is infused with faux intellectualism -- it pretends to be more cerebral than it really is , when all it really wants to do is be the new Sixth Sense .
Had the Nolans held their cards closer to their vests for the first half of the film , The Prestige would have been one of the best of the year .
Watching Bowie as Thomas Edison 's archenemy Nikola Tesla , you wish the role -LRB- a glorified cameo -RRB- were more integral to the story .
Clever story up the sleeve , but nothing in the way of the wonder of magic . Honestly , I found the mood rather miserable .
Not to be confused with `` The Illusionist , '' although it will be , is `` The Prestige , '' the second period piece about magicians to hit the big screen within the last few weeks .
It may be dry and sullen , but it 's also smart and classy .
Stylishly twisty turny
There 's no real magic here .
What The Prestige and filmmaker Nolan seem to have forgotten about magic is the very important element of misdirection . Without misdirection , an audience is bound to discover the trick and not be impressed .
It might even get a best screenplay nomination come Oscar time next year .
... an ingenious Chinese box of a movie ...
`` The Prestige '' is a terrifically entertaining thriller even if you spot the false bottoms and secret trap doors in the screenplay .
This guy knows how to tell stories for audiences who can hold their own hands , thank you .
Tightly plotted and thematically well-crafted .
Jackman and Bale give standout performances as rivals whose mutual obsession destroys all sense of perspective and ruins lives .
This is a thriller , an education in stage magic , a mystery , and even a bit of a science fiction film .
The film is lavishly mounted , set-wise , costume-wise , makeup-wise and special-effects-wise . But the magicians themselves are cold and devious , and the chill permeates the whole film .
Its greatest trick is that it 's a meditation on the nature of reality and identity disguised as entertainment .
The year 's most intricate screenplay ... The Prestige pinpoints an unspoken torment of creative artists , where being second best represents failure when first place is within grasp .
It 's a magic trick that 's all showmanship and craft , but lacking true whimsy , ultimately failing the audience .
The Prestige takes its title literally , asking us to believe in the power that stature and esteem has over two dark , desperate men , to witness how far both will go to achieve it ... and more importantly , prevent it from happening for the other .
It 's no illusion - `` The Prestige '' is the best film of 2006
Nolan has nothing special up his sleeve in this hazy smoke-and-mirrors drama , especially in Jackman 's climactic trick that 's too sci-fi and fantastic to be believed .
The obsessive-compulsive disorder that propels the drama into a miasma of misplaced morality is as fascinating as it is designed to be with perhaps a repetition or two that takes some edge off the otherwise crisp showmanship .
It does n't want to explore epistemological questions about the nature of perception and memory ; it just wants to mess with our heads . And as a wily , slightly sadistic chess game of a movie , it succeeds quite nicely .
The film begins to teeter slightly as it reaches its climax ; it takes too long to unveil the many twists and surprises , but up to then , this is impeccable , enormously invigorating filmmaking .
Though mostly a leaden affair , it has its few diversionary magical moments .
Do n't move , do n't blink , and do n't breathe ... make The Prestige your new dark obsession .
Marvel as I take a page from the U.S. government and snap my fingers to create a 700 mile fence around Scarlett Johansson 's cleavage . Yes , that would leave 350 miles of bosom unprotected , but we must all sacrifice for our art .
The Prestige quite brilliantly replicates the experience of a great magic trick . You know what you have just seen is n't possible , and while you recognize some of the trickery , you ca n't spell it all out . You walk away completely amazed .
` The Prestige ' is one of those weird movies that plays better in memory than it does on the screen .
It will have you talking on the way out of the theatre and maybe thinking about that one glaring error in logic , but it 's like an illusion , if you think about it too much , it will spoil the magic .
Following The Illusionist , The Prestige is this season 's second thriller about stage magic at the end of the 19th century . The Prestige is the more satisfying .
The magicians are ever fooled , as each believes he is the more original artist . Ironically , this makes them , as Olivia observes angrily , `` perfect for each other . ''
A major reason Nolan has become one of the premier filmmakers in the industry is because he never casts an actor that is n't completely deserving of the role .
Watching The Prestige is like observing a magic act where the magician 's sleight-of-hand is n't deft enough . The trick almost works , but not quite .
The Prestige is a trick box with too many false bottoms .
Chris Nolan has firmly established himself as an innovative , A-list director who knows how to tell a story .
The Prestige is filled with lots of suspenseful twists and turns , deeply engaging performances from co-stars Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale and a powerful conclusion that will make you want to see it again .
Like Memento , Nolan 's Prestige is an ever-shifting hall of mirrors so masterfully executed that its emotional hollowness actually manages to be beside the point .
Returning to more intimate filmmaking after helming Batman Begins , director Christopher Nolan manages to make The Prestige 's complex story as easily understandable and effective as he made the outwardly straightforward comic book adaptation
The Prestige 's chief pleasure lies in -LSB- Jackman and Bale 's -RSB- increasingly ornate games of deception , which Nolan orchestrates with a showman 's aplomb .
For something as nasty as this it 's a really fun film .
The Prestige is wonderfully engrossing , darkly mysterious and entertaining from start to finish .
The film 's prestige is a doozy , both dazzling and preposterous , but if you 're watching closely , it 's flawlessly set up .
A pleasing puzzle of feuding conjurers played by Christian Bale and Hugh Jackman .
For all the film 's murky misdirections , it is very enjoyable .
An assured bonbon of a film that 's thoroughly and deliciously entertaining .
The `` reveal '' was a surprise and quite deliciously executed .
Director Nolan 's fascination with magic and with tricks in general comes through without question , but he approaches the subject with a seriousness that soon turns grim .
It is good for magic to be , in effect , confounding . It is not so good for a movie about magic to be confusing .
The Prestige plunges us into a world of deception as means , end and the whole point , really .
There are nifty tricks galore up the sumptuous sleeve of this offbeat and wildly entertaining thriller .
Christopher Nolan brings a shadowy , gas-lit aura to The Prestige , and gets strongly diverse performances from Jackman and Bale .
A frequently dazzling display of cinematic sleight-of-hand from writer/director Christopher Nolan , The Prestige is an entertaining , handsomely produced period thriller .
Siblings Jonathan and Christopher Nolan 's adaptation of the novel by Christopher Priest offers three acts of exasperating muddle .
For my money , there was too much turning and not enough prestige in The Prestige .
A terrific cast , a gloomy tone and a few well-placed little bits of magic and real history bring a long-ago time and place to life .
It 's a gorgeous , strange little piece , but I did find myself wishing it poked fewer aces out its sleeve after urging us to pay such close attention .
Unfortunately the script is too smart for its own good .
The film 's title is defined as the big finish to a magic trick , but the prestige of The Prestige just lies there like an abracadaver .
The tit-for-tat scenario ought to be wildly entertaining , but the magic is crude , the characters flyweight , and the story protracted and unpleasant .
By describing the structure of a great trick in a movie about a great trick , The Prestige makes a promise it ca n't keep . Its third act is about as convincing as a photo of a cow jumping over the moon .
Befitting a story about magicians , The Prestige is certainly tricky and deceitful . But it 's also too elegant and classy to resort to cheap third-act revelations as a way of juicing its story .
Passionate , atmospheric entertainment .
The Prestige is the kind of popcorn movie that M. Night Shyamalan should dedicate himself to making -- a dark , freaky thrill ride , committed to old-fashioned storytelling that does n't take itself too seriously .
A lavishly mounted but maddeningly uninvolving piece about dueling stage magicians .
It bounces seamlessly from the present to the past and back again while juggling magic , science , trickery and lies , creating a mood that transcends the story .
It 's more confusing than absorbing .
Nolan 's slick sleight of hand creates enough abracadabra moments to make for an entertaining diversion .
A great contraption of a film , The Prestige is a classy little maze of distractions , obsessions and showmanship , a magic trick of a movie that keeps the viewer mesmerized and then ends with a flourish .
The Prestige is as entertaining as it is intricate and as enticingly mysterious as its title , which comes from the professional magician 's lexicon .
The most disappointing film to date from director Christopher Nolan , whose track record was pretty much perfect up to this point -LRB- 2000 's Memento , 2005 's Batman Begins -RRB- .
Nolan delivers a movie in which the complexity of plot sometimes exceeds the complexity of the ideas . Still , he manages to create some captivating cinematic magic along the way .
Christopher Nolan 's directing skills are in evidence with The Prestige , which follows the long feud of Victorian-era illusionists .
Visually spry and contemplative , what more can one say about a forceful film that asks us to unmask our hidden Houdini within ? Hey , it 's just plain magic !
The elegant contours of The Illusionist are even more impressive compared with Christopher Nolan 's clutter of double and triple crosses in The Prestige .
Christopher Nolan 's The Prestige revisits some of the same themes -- questioning appearances , reality and perceptions -- as the director 's previous Memento but with less satisfying results .
This is grand , half-crazy fun , and Jackman and Bale are committed to their parts : Genuine madness glints in their eyes .
A vividly crafted and cunning whodunit .
Jackman and Bale are phenomenal , delivering three-dimensional beings so electric and alive I almost felt I could have reached through the screen and shook their hands had either been open or willing to let me touch it .
The key is in the title ... and the dawning realization that the movie is structured like a truly original magic trick .
A mean and nasty film about men consumed by the goal of triumphing against their competition in the most merciless way .
This dazzling and spellbinding tale about the intense rivalry between two magicians in London tutors us in the art of watching closely .
M. Night Shyamalan could learn a thing or two from the Nolans when it comes to dramatic tension and payoff . A good story is n't just about the twist , it 's about people .
This opulent , multi-layered mystery offers unconventional , cleverly intricate , intriguing entertainment .
A complex revenge drama and an intriguing mystery that , like the old magic act standby , attempts to pull a rabbit or two out of its hat by the end .
Nolan 's supreme confidence , narrative skill , and taste for complexity make for unusually rich popular entertainment . Where was The Prestige this summer when we needed it most ?
The plot is somewhat complicated , and only a little bit predictable . However , like any good magic trick , even if you know the outcome , it 's fun to watch the process .
Throughout , -LRB- director Christopher -RRB- Nolan creates not so much an atmosphere of suspense as one of anticipation .
Not since Hitchcock has a director been so good at holding out their films ' greatest secrets until the very end .
If you hate that sort of thing , then stay away . But if not , then go enjoy the trickery .
The Prestige retains a mesmerizing hold on the audience , and it returns magic to the realm of the real , where craftsmanship and stage presence are just as thrilling as the physical act of disappearance .
-LSB- A -RSB- s smart as it is shifty , like some lost Alan Moore graphic novel come to life , like something Jules Verne would have written if he were Neil Gaiman .
You 'll fall in love with it . It 's not just Nolan 's best film ; it 's one of the best of the year .
The Prestige earns high praise as a terrific historical thriller , but also because it grasps the medium 's links to this subject so uncannily well .
A brilliantly plotted , smartly directed , fiendishly entertaining merry-go-round .
Nolan has used the same illusionist 's ruses to craft an entertainment whose power lies not behind the curtain but right in front of all the types of magic imaginable .
a thrilling movie with great twists and turns , fantastic acting and an intensity that can only be matched in theaters by The Departed .
If The Prestige is something of a let down as a magic trick , it 's more successful as a tale of obsession .
It begs for repeated viewings and will likely get them from moviegoers who want to crack Nolan 's own theatrical magic trick .
The plot is , likes its characters , a master of misdirection
the wunderkind director 's latest in a growing line of masterpieces .
The Prestige is rife with philosophical ambiguities , and I wish I could say it uses them well .
It entertains for awhile , but it grows increasingly desperate as it reaches third-act explanations .
Nice sleights of hand but lacking in emotion .
Take the movie 's first words to heart : watch closely . You 'll be well rewarded .
If you can forgive some woeful casting and a plot that is as creakingly thin as an old staircase , you can enjoy director Christopher Nolan 's The Prestige .
Entertaining , spirited and shamelessly gimmicky , Christopher Nolan 's film tells the intricate tale of two rival magicians practicing their art in late-Victorian London .
A twisty , tense chiller .
Although the new film comes with a superior pedigree , it 's just about equal in terms of quality with its earlier-in-theaters rival .
Parts of the film really stand out , but taken as a whole , it 's a labyrinth of conflicting ideas .
The Prestige is plot-heavy , but it has its moments .
A story about a third act that begins to come undone in its own third act .
Okay , I 'll say it : If you see only one magic-at-the-turn-of-the-century movie this year , make it this one .
Despite good acting and direction , the dénouement in the film was so feeble it rendered the entire movie meaningless .
The first words in the dazzling The Prestige are , ` Are you watching closely ? ' You 'd better be .
-LSB- The Nolan brothers -RSB- have collaborated on a script that is sometimes on target , but hopelessly hamstrung by a wobbly second half for which its grand finale can not compensate .
Expect to leave exhilarated and more than a bit disturbed .
An oddly lopsided yet compulsively absorbing movie .
The Prestige gets to be a bit of a grind after a while , despite all the finery and the elegantly detailed atmosphere .
Itchy and Scratchy and Houdini
The twistiest thriller since Memento .
The movie is a mind-tickler that makes the viewer actively engage with the story and try to penetrate its elegant sleight-of-hand .
Many films are under-written or not well thought out enough , Prestige is the opposite - it 's almost too clever for its own good and consequently thinks it can outsmart the audience at every turn .
As dark as it gets , like Batman Begins before it , it 's also a wildly entertaining movie .
Ultra-stylish and handsomely acted by Bale and Jackman , The Prestige is a workout for your mind and entertainment of the highest order .
Nolan continues to surprise with his choices . Sharply uneven , Prestige is both complex and convoluted , logical and contrived , distancing -LRB- first part -RRB- and involving -LRB- second -RRB- , worth seeing for those interested in Nolan 's evolution as auteur .
A dark , complex story full of twists and turns , complete with flawed heroes and voice-over narration -- The Prestige is pure Victorian noir .
... the rare magic trick that still holds its power even after you 've learned all of its secrets .
The Prestige is a good escalating battle of wits . Obsessives are compelling . They 're usually right about their obsession , devoted and clever . We do n't have to live with their social dysfunction . We just see the cool parts .
Nolan has handed himself a difficult task by tackling a complicated , often downbeat story with two cold , central figures . ... But Nolan , like Angier and Borden , has no shortage of tricks up his sleeve ...
It 's all about prestidigitation , folks - and Nolan 's hugely entertaining film performs the best sleight-of-hand this side of Vegas .
It 's a battle that 's played out every day at recess in kids ' imaginations : Who would win in a fight between Batman and Wolverine ?
... a dazzlingly complicated narrative ; indeed , it might prove a little too complicated for many viewers .
The Prestige winds up a mediocre muddle .
Because the movie is exemplary on a number of levels -- the production design is immaculate , and the cast members consign themselves to Nolan 's dark vision -- it does n't need to live or die solely on the strength of the script 's cinematic sleight of hand .
The Prestige is n't art , but it reaps a lot of fun out of the question , How did they do that ?
The movie is more infuriating and contrived than suspenseful and clever .
A ponderous tale of envy and one-upmanship that promises much but in the end delivers surprisingly little ... seriously short of cinematic magic .
You 'll spend hours after seeing it trying to figure out how -LSB- the Nolan Brothers -RSB- did the trick .
I 'm sure that multiple viewings of the movie will bring out the richness and the details , but even on first viewing , I was completely and totally engrossed .
Underneath the film 's tantalizing stratagems lies little more than mundane truths .
By film 's end , the notion of a rational and satisfying climax has hopelessly disappeared in a silly spiral of one-upmanship and a barrage of half-baked revelations that wo n't make you marvel so much as shrug and forget about them .
An enchanting puzzle , not flashy , but fiendishly clever in the plotting and even more fiendish in the telling .
Audiences might enjoy this cinematic sleight of hand , but the key characters are such single-minded , calculating individuals that the real magic would be to find any heart in this tale .
Pic insists on a depth of human emotion that is n't developed -- protags emerge as one-dimensional , despite the efforts of two of our best leading actors -- amid increasingly elaborate , uninvolving plot mechanizations .


@highlight

Full of twists and turns , The Prestige is a dazzling period piece that never stops challenging the audience .