As a comedy , Moms ' Night Out draws on a lot of different directing skills , yet the Erwins once again stay centered on the characters and their experiences .
Moms ' Night Out looks back nostalgically to a time when both gender roles and women 's vaginas remained effortlessly tight .
I am not sure how -LSB- Mom 's Night Out -RSB- is a Christian movie if we go by the Gospels that show Jesus comforting the afflicted and afflicting the comfortable .
Moms ' Night Out seems , despite the technology , curiously dated and a leap backwards for moms .
Only silly on the surface and examines more truth than some are willing to admit .
It might be easier to appreciate the efforts of these women if they were n't so shrill and obnoxious , which sends the opposite of the intended message .
Bland faith-based comedy supports traditional gender roles .
Mom 's Night Out is a movie only a mother could love .
Less outrageously hilarious than it is predictably silly , if harmlessly so .
... generally fares better than most of the heavy-handed endeavors that tend to populate this increasingly profitable subgenre ...
If the concept of a moms ' night out is premised on the notion that mothers can never get away for fear their families will collapse in their absence , then this movie cruelly confirms that fear .
The entire thing is about all the crazy -LRB- but not too crazy -RRB- disasters that occur when mothers step away from the house for even a single night , let alone ever .
A beautiful , touching , truthful idea that deserves so much better than this generally obnoxious , unfunny movie .
Moms ' Night Out is the kind of movie you can take your mother to without worrying that she 'll get offended , and you can still have a good time with it .
They are n't caricatures , per se , but in the behavior-reinforcing fashion of simple sitcom , we see an unflattering portrait of brittle , hostile , hustling , neurotic modern suburban control freaks . Who ought to listen to their man , and the Father .
Ugly sexism in what 's trying to be a harmless feature , pandering to the female audience with a mean-spirited attitude toward men and their habitual boobery .
What ensues is frenetic and never as funny as it should be because directing brothers Andrew and Jon Erwin are not skilled enough at pacing the action and varying the volume .
Moms ' Night Out is purposefully un-hip , but that does n't keep it from trying to keep up with the times in ways that are so painfully , unconvincingly of the moment that they already feel dated .
Basically , the moral of the story is : Do n't go out . Because if you do , all hell will break loose - or rather , all heck .
The big problem is that none of the moms are interesting .
Some of these plot twists require more than the normal suspension of logic that often happens in similar comedies . Yet the characters are all appealing .
Seldom has wackiness been as tedious as it is in `` Moms ' Night Out , '' a Christian-themed film that is desperate to make adherents seem wild and crazy but mostly makes them seem incapable of raising children .
It 's rare that a movie fails on absolutely every level , but `` Moms ' Night Out '' is a remarkably vivid example .
What this PG comedy lacks in cursing , it also comes up short on plot , character development , originality , and overall pleasure .
While the characters are mostly one-dimensional and the children here merely props , whiny and overwhelmed main mom Allyson proves a particularly galling , unfunny creation .
There 's no fun to be had - and not a drop of originality - in this chaotic and contrived mess .
A screechy , vapid , childish domestic comedy that makes fathers/husbands look bad and mothers/wives look worse .
`` Moms ' Night Out '' possesses the production values and awkward pacing of a lame amateur production with big ambitions .
`` Moms ' Night Out '' is really all about moms staying home , where , according to this movie , they apparently belong .
Too-long , one-joke scenes with a flakey restaurant hostess -LRB- Anjelah Johnson -RRB- and a dim-witted clerk in a tattoo parlour -LRB- Manwell Reyes -RRB- are typical of the sins of lengthy excess committed by Mom 's Night Out .
Rarely have I so missed the comedic subtlety and social insight of Daddy Day Care .
The Christian agenda here is far more welcoming and less assaultive than previous attempts of its kind . As a movie , Mom 's Night Out has more practical problems than the gentle sermon buried between the lines .
The film never seems hectoring or preachy . Unfortunately , it never seems funny either , coming across like a sanitized remake of some raunchier laughfest .
The first half of this mommy-comedy could be charitably deemed `` gently amusing . '' But it 's hard to find new laugh riots in kids trashing a house , and there 's no evidence anyone tried .
It 's wacky fun rather than raunchy and its PG rating makes Moms ' Night Out pretty safe for all audiences .
Needed more Patricia Heaton , More Trace Adkins , more mayhem and more laughs
Outrageously enough , the moral of Moms ' Night Out seems to be that moms should never get a night out .
A very funny movie with an exceptionally likeable cast and a warm-hearted , surprisingly touching tribute to moms and their families .
A frenetic but none too original comedy with a vaguely religious theme and a cast of mostly TV names .
A timely testament to motherhood that just might make the perfect Mother 's Day gift .
A shrill feature-length sitcom for the faith-based family values crowd , if nowhere near as good as that sounds .

@highlight

Cheap-looking , unfunny , and kind of sexist to boot , Moms ' Night Out is a disappointment from start to finish .