Mirrormask eventually establishes itself as an thoroughly interminable piece of work that substitutes endless creativity for context and character development ...
Dense , dreamlike fantasy is n't for every kid .
An alluring original piece of fantasy ...
The story is interesting , in a twisted fairytale sort of way , but the novelty of this dream world does eventually wear off , and we 're left checking our watches .
MirrorMask proves that a movie can be brilliant and awful at the same time .
This one-of-a-kind fantasy film may be seen as a classic someday , possibly quite soon .
... one of those movies that might be improved immensely by the consumption of certain mood-altering substances .
What a disappointment ! The greatest fantasy novels and films are products of the unconscious - they have the authority of visions , glimpsed though imperfectly understood . But the creators of MirrorMask remain all too wide awake .
A wonder of imaginative design and a failure of imaginative storytelling ; after 101 minutes of this , you feel like a starving man being taunted with a Faberge egg .
`` MirrorMask '' may prove fascinating for fans of McKean and Gaiman , but I was left chilled and irritated .
-LSB- Director Dave -RSB- McKean 's pacing is abominable but , more importantly , he does n't spend enough time building his characters .
An impressive sheen on some familiar themes .
Could be Exhibit A for anyone arguing the case that modern filmmaking lacks a strong sense of story .
It is so fresh , so bold and so fantastical on the visual plane that it seems to re-invent the language of dreams and widen the possibilities of fantasy storytelling .
Leonidas walks this tightrope quite engagingly , showing us a girl on the cusp of womanhood , torn between two competing needs -- to become an adult , to remain a child , to vilify , to revere .
None of the exceptionally designed characters have a soul that stirs the senses .
McKean 's inexperience as a director trips the film . There is so much going on that the viewer ca n't take in all the imagery , and McKean 's devotion to his skewed vision slows the story to a crawl .
This strange , imaginative children 's adventure has a fantastic visual sense that looks like nothing you 've seen
Too long , and too rich , for its own good , but clearly Gaiman and McKean were bursting with ideas . Those ideas fly all over the place , sometimes landing with a thunk , but more often taking the breath away .
A 30-minute idea wrapped in a 100-minute movie . It 's a jewel box filled with cubic zirconia .
The narrative is simplistic and lacking in energy , and the characters are sketched instead of fully formed .
The story is such a mess , it 's no wonder so many characters are running around hiding their faces .
Luscious evidence that the look of modern fantasy cinema can amount to more than bald-faced Tim Burton swipes arriving 15 years after the fact .
It 's a near-flawless marriage of content and form , a movie that kids , adults and graduate students of computer imagery will all have their own reasons to love .
Emotionally direct and visually baroque , MirrorMask reminded me of Queen 's epic songs , which find over-the-top ways to explore everyday situations .
Many graphic novels are being turned into movies these days . MirrorMask is a movie that would work better as a graphic novel .
An ideal cerebral escape for that advanced learner in your family who 's biding time between Eragon and Harry Potter novels .
Shows plenty of visual imagination but is totally devoid of charm , wit or emotional resonance .
looks as amazing as anything onscreen this year .
With its mind-numbing excess of digital imagery and lack of compensatory storytelling , MirrorMask suggests that something of Gaiman 's is getting lost in translation .
A muddled and maudlin mystery tale that has little emotional impact and ca n't deliver on its potential .
Gaiman 's vision for the film is cluttered , but commendably ambitious , and he succeeds more than he fails in crafting an adventure/fantasy for thinking audiences .
A unique new world , crammed to the gills with invention , which comes off as almost completely static . A fantasy can be a lot of things , but dull should n't be one of them .
Winsome in the tradition of The Dark Crystal and Labyrinth .
It 's so beautiful and so different and has such a unique feel to it .
Gaiman lays the groundwork and then McKean ... well , does what McKean does : he brings it to visual life and then blows you away with it .
-LSB- An -RSB- entertaining if sporadically overstuffed package of magic .
A study in communicative detachment ; it has the look down pat , but what is underneath holds the expressiveness and passion of a store window mannequin .
Each scene is a masterwork of composition and execution .
It is visionary in the best sense of the word , if also somewhat thinly plotted , narratively derivative and even at times dull . But it is eye candy of Godiva-like richness .
-LSB- There is -RSB- little to hold your interest beyond the surreal imagery and occasional flashes of droll wit .
See this film .
one would think that getting beyond the mere weird would something they and the Henson shop could do . `` MirrorMask '' proves that , at present , they can not .
Other efforts of this sort have succumbed to terminal whimsy , but director Dave McKean gives us enough reminders of the girl 's fragile emotional state to provide some grounding .
Often feels embalmed by art direction and needless exposition . It also begins with a sock puppet sequence , which more experienced filmmakers would have known is among the best ways to start a movie off on the wrong foot .
The densely worked-over look of this dark , hugely stylish fairy tale directed by mixed-media artist and first-time filmmaker Dave McKean is ultimately more absorbing than the story .
Too strange and disjointed to attract much of an audience , but its astonishing visuals showcase a major new talent : first-time feature director and book illustrator Dave McKean .
Like many dreams , you wo n't remember it when you wake up .
A blur of arty effects .
One of the most visually stunning , imaginative fantasies in recent memory .
If you can fall into it , you should be amazed , if not enchanted .
Aggressive visual invention is rarely its own reward , and this movie does nothing to better the odds .
I love the look and creativity of this film . Too bad the story is n't something worth dreaming about .
McKean , who both directed and designed the film , employs an array of techniques -- cel animation , computer animation and puppetry -- in wild and witty variations .
Some very creative comic book artistry morphs into a film but fails to find significant connection with the sought after unconscious .
Sometimes art direction really is enough .
I struggled mightily to stay awake through large stretches of Mirrormask .
Inarguably a visual masterpiece , its story has been so stretched past all barriers of comprehension it leaves its viewers bewildered about what they experienced .
Its quaintness probably stands as its most recommending characteristic .
Plays less like a cohesive film and more like a collection of amazing scenes .
this admittedly stupendous-looking film deserves quite a lot of credit for trying , even if the end result never quite makes it
If MirrorMask is a marvel of visual ingenuity , its monochromatic panoramas are too busy and flat to yield an illusion of depth or to convey a feeling of characters moving in space .
There is something oddly intoxicating about Dave McKean and Neil Gaiman 's coming-of-age fantasy .
So single-minded in its reach for fantasy , it becomes the genre 's evil opposite : banality .
At best , Helena 's wiggy adventures recall such Jean Cocteau films as Orpheus and Blood of a Poet . At worst , they resemble the Vegas act of Cirque du Soleil .
The magical images will engage and fire the imagination of the audience , even if the story sometimes feels cool and understated .
For all its flying cats with rainbow wings and navigational library books , MirrorMask barely has a story , its talent and vision focused entirely on its singular dreamworld facade .
The fever-dream universe cooked up by McKean is so brimming with off-the-wall imagination , one wishes it were n't all so hard to penetrate .
Mirrormask is as breathtakingly beautiful to behold as it is tedious to slog through .
The eye is sated , but the mind wanders .
The movie is a triumph of visual invention , but it gets mired in its artistry and finally becomes just a whole lot of great stuff to look at while the plot puts the heroine through a few basic moves over and over again .
At its best , no film this year can match the degree of invention and whimsy displayed by cult author Gaiman and noted illustrator McKean .
It 's obvious and obviously for a young teen audience .
Has something to astonish everyone .
The film galumphs along in static panels , prioritizing flash over thought , hyperextending a story that would barely sustain a children 's picture book .
Brilliant !
Like with any magic show , the delight is in the illusion -- not the story . It is , however , a showcase that defines visual creativity .
An evolution in fantasy filmmaking , creating an entire universe that is forbidding but beautiful .
An amalgamation of so many disparate artistic influences that any hint of originality ultimately stems less from creative invention than imaginative synthesis .
This is a film packed full of vivid imagination and brilliantly realized visual concepts -- all in the service of a so-so story with forgettable characters .
An overproduced novelty picthat looks and feels more like a company promo reel than an engaging piece of storytelling .
Mirrormask is above all else a feast for the eyes .
Reminiscent of a whole raft of artistic styles - from the Impressionists to Dali and Picasso - McKean 's vision has a truly dreamlike quality .
An all around awful experience .
If The Wizard of Oz were reborn in the 21st century , it might look a lot like MirrorMask .
Hats off to superlative artists Neil Gaiman & Dave McKean for constructing something this endearingly odd and utterly enjoyable .





@highlight

While visually dazzling , there is n't enough story to hang all the fancy effects on .