The beyond-goofy collection of Commandment-inspired vignettes has funny moments , but it 's a wildly uneven anthology , with three or four clunkers for every genuine chuckle .
Rudd , whose wry deadpan proved indispensable in Judd Apatow comedies like ` The 40 Year-Old Virgin ' and ` Knocked Up , ' is used here mostly as a straight man , the host in charge of introducing stories that drift along without any real destination .
... brings to mind the fondly remembered Kentucky Fried Movie/Amazon Women on the Moon anthos from the '70s and '80s .
A blasphemous parody so painful to sit through it seems designed by the Almighty as punishment for heathens and sinners .
Most of the segments are as clueless about their designated commandment as they are about what 's supposed to be funny .
Some bits ... are shockingly funny . Others , like the surgeon who causes a woman 's death `` as a goof , '' are just shocking without the funny .
Three of the comic segments in The Ten are sort of funny . Three others are just so-so . And the remaining four are just dumb , painfully unfunny and/or downright crude .
The Ten is , while not `` bad , '' nor `` unfunny , '' surely not as good as it had ought to be .
One guesses the talent that signed up for this negligible movie did so out of good will for Wain and Marino . Or maybe they all did it ... as a goof .
we leave the theater feeling like we 've just been at a church service that went on a little too long .
Those worried about incurring God 's wrath by seeing The Ten , do n't concern yourselves -- by watching the film , you 've suffered enough .
If you 're looking for ha-ha funny , then The Ten is probably not for you -- you 'll be more likely scratching your head in befuddled wonderment .
Any of the film 's concepts would be pretty funny in a tossed-off ` Saturday Night Live ' skit , but presenting these absurdist ideas in the context of an impeccably produced albeit low-budget motion picture somehow sucks the comic air from the room .
Yeah we liked this movie -LRB- with our self-proclaimed warped senses of humor -RRB- , but we KNOW it 's not for everyone , so thou shalt not blame us if you do n't enjoy it as much as we did .
Thou shalt be funny . Thou , in this case , is n't .
Wain is a big fan of offbeat , exaggerated humor that either hits so big you think he 's a genius or misses so badly you wonder whether he 's sane .
As ridiculous as it is uproariously funny .
There is a fun film in there somewhere , especially for those who know what they 're getting into and are willing to just go with it . If you 're not bothered by naked men frolicking and jokes about prison rape , then this is the film for you .
... The Ten wields its bad taste like a blunt instrument , bludgeoning you with buffoonery that 's hard to resist .
Not exactly the stone-etched last word on biblical moviemaking , The Ten at least has a rare flair for the non sequitur , and a sassy , spasmodic charm .
The Ten commits the mortal sin of comedy , it 's simply not funny . It thinks that just being crude or extreme is enough to merit the label of comedy .
Where is Monty Python when you need them ?
The problem here is that I harbor the quaint idea that comedy needs to make you laugh . And , sorry , if this makes you laugh , you 're either high or easy or both .
By flaunting its own stupidity , The Ten practically dares you not to laugh at it , like a stand-up comic who sells an unfunny joke through the ferocity of his delivery .
Perhaps the Bible needs an 11th Commandment : Thou Shalt Not Bore . That might stem misfires such as The Ten .
If there were Ten Commandments for filmmaking , one would certainly be : Thou shalt not pass off sketch comedy as a feature film , especially when charging $ 9 a ticket .
The Ten is nowhere near a 10 . Let 's call it a six .
The Ten has a meticulous rhythm and consistency , with aspects of early commandments informing the latter .
This is a take it or leave it proposition , but worth a place on your NetFlix queue .
It never really quite works up the energy to be as wild and outrageous as it clearly wants to be .
The humor in The Ten is hit-or-miss , with some of the comedy and performances feeling kind of forced . Still , if you 're in the mood for an unconventional Sunday school lesson , go see The Ten , `` as a goof '' !
The actors are so good , and so funny .
The Ten is devious and inspired enough to juice you past any weak spots . Thou shalt be amused .
The comedy itself is hit or miss -- mostly hit for me , but humor is incredibly subjective , and this style of humor is particularly prone to the ` either you like it or you do n't ' effect .
It 's not an ice-water shock that The Ten turns out to be merely the fuse to a satirical firecracker that never quite explodes . What did we expect , Kryzsztof Kieslowski 's The Dekalog as a comedy ?
I wish that the batting average in The Ten was a little higher , but I 'm happy that Wain and Marino got up to the plate and knocked a few out of the park .
It is as if the filmmakers created an 11th commandment of their own : Thou Shalt Not Laugh . And we do n't .
The Ten may be the funniest movie of the year . It 's so earnest , they follow the most ridiculous threads to the logical extreme . All of the characters are completely committed to the reality of the film .
Everyone involved seems to have been operating from the presumption that gross and blasphemous equals hilarious . Would that it did .
A lame and irritating comedy that is an endurance test to sit through .
Not so much blasphemous as it is very silly , and it lives up to the one unbendable commandment of comedy : It 's funny .
A resoundingly mediocre film that commits the cardinal sin of tedium .
It 's more a frivolous spoof than a pointed satire .
Multi-segment movies tend to be notoriously uneven , and this definitely proves to be the case with The Ten .
The Ten is so proud of its own wit and irreverence that when you fail to be equally impressed , you are likely to wonder if your own sense of humor is , in some way , deficient . Rest assured it is not .
Too often , The Ten is simply not funny enough , stretched thin by ideas played out too long .
Darkly satiric .
In other words , I hated it , and if there are a better three words in the English language to adequately explain my feelings I must admit I have not yet been able to find them .
... never fully takes advantage of its biblical premise .
A Decalogue for special-ed students , The Ten leans too often toward the bizarre and the bewildering .
This is one of those films where the humor is of the hit-and-miss variety , and it misses more often than it hits . The jokes are transparent . It 's not difficult to divine what 's supposed to be funny .
Despite many giddy moments , the conceit becomes gradually more exhausting , until somewhere around the seventh commandment you 're ready to choose God 's wrath over any more overproduced , A-list-acted throwaway TV sketches .
a foul-mouthed , dirty-as-diapers , Republican-baiting retelling of the Ten Commandments
Where Kieslowski 's work always had a goal and a sense for how real people think , nothing about The Ten suggests that the filmmakers ever thought any further than the next meager , uncomfortable titter .
The film is far from a perfect 10 , with hit-and-miss writing , an over-reliance on cheap shocks and solid laughs in maybe five of the sketches . Given their brief running time , the weaker efforts are off the screen in short order .
It does n't make for much of a movie .
Like the comic masterpieces of -LSB- Woody -RSB- Allen 's '70s heyday , the first five short films represent a brilliant , laugh-out-loud combination of grad-school braininess and vaudeville goofiness , highbrow absurdity and lowbrow shtick .
In spite of its shortcomings , `` The Ten '' is an inspired and imaginative bellwether for where modern American comic sensibilities lay at the moment . It pushes the envelope in all of the right ways .
You really have to be in the mood to get into The Ten 's forced goofiness .
Apart from an occasional bright line and amusing throwaway bits of business , the humor here is juvenile and flat ... The Ten is at best a five .
The Ten never breaks out of jejune noodling and into something truly provocative .
For Bible-related fun , The Ten is at least a higher power than Evan Almighty .
The success -LRB- of each sketch -RRB- varies not just according to quality but how tickled you find yourself -- from moment to moment -- by this kind of high-wire comedy .
Anytime you compile a series of vignettes and call it a feature film , you 're going to have hits and misses . It 's the nature of the structure .
Lacking a steady hand , this flimsy amalgam of bad jokes is without form and void .
A slightly patchy tapestry that tickles about as much as it annoys , full of unexpected laughs but also some torturous dead spots .
The Ten 's biggest letdown are the interstitial sequences featuring Paul Rudd , -LSB- who is -RSB- usually the best thing about some of the worst movies .
The Ten is , I guess , sacrilegious in the strictest sense of the term , and its interest in investigating the commandments can be skin deep , as they 're often used as mere pretext for ribald nonsense .
This anthology promises to be wild and blasphemous , but only three episodes are funny or witty -LRB- the usual problem with compilations -RRB- ; the all-star cast , particularly Paul Rudd and Winona Ryder , is good .
Any film that casts Oliver Platt as an Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonator and takes the name of Dianne Wiest in vain gets my vote .
One problem : The movie 's just not funny .
Many of the films have little to do with the Commandments , and none has anything provocative or profound to say about them .
The Ten , admittedly , is not Krzysztof Kieslowski 's Decalogue . -LSB- Director -RSB- Wain 's pieces are just jumping-off points for screwball improv and inspired throwaways .
The product of restless comic imaginations that would rather bounce to the next idea than milk the previous one for every drop . Some viewers may be exhausted by the barrage , but few will complain of not getting their money 's worth .
Let 's talk about Paul Rudd . I think he may be in every film in 2007 and that 's okay by me , because Paul Rudd has become an acting Man-God .
90 minutes of random , really bad sketch comedy .
I discovered a solid handful of worthwhile chuckles in the flick , most of which came from the smoothly reliable Paul Rudd and the still-adorable Winona Ryder .
Hilarious stuff , though many of the segments go on too long , so that the gags tend to wear out their welcome .
Uneven but often hilarious . Bad-taste quotient is cranked up here , ditto the overall conceptual giddiness .




@highlight

Although a few of the sketches that make up The Ten are humorous , the uneven and random tone of the film cause it to fall apart .