This is a grown-up , intelligent , beautiful film . Rejoice .
Ten years after premiering at the Venice Film Festival in 2004 , Jonathan Glazer 's Birth remains as powerfully mysterious as ever .
What begins as a promising and provocative melodrama gradually turns into na conventional and frustrating movie , aimless and pretentious .
What were they thinking ?
Kidman has another turkey for her resume .
Manhattan-based supernatural thriller done in the tone of `` Rosemary 's Baby '' starts out strong but loses all steam in its third act .
The setup of Glazer 's hypnotic movie suggests a supernatural thriller , but the execution is pure European art film . Kidman gives a bold performance as a woman in extreme distress , but the script is hooey . Birth is ridiculous , and oddly unforgettable .
The film fudges the conceit by pulling you back and forth between disbelief and acceptance , planting compelling doubts but contradicting them .
all the best and all the worst things associated with the phrase `` art film ''
Nadie debería ir a ver esta película sin estar dispuesto a sumergirse en un clima extraño , donde conviven el misterio , la sensualidad y la locura .
Frustratingly stillborn .
Birth channels the style and tone of -LSB- Buñuel classics -RSB- exceptionally well , but ultimately the dramatic resolution is unsatisfying .
Apesar de contar com sua parcela de defeitos , merece aplausos pela honestidade com que aborda sua história e pela coragem de Glazer em investir em um ritmo lento e estudado .
`` Birth '' is a creepy , well-acted examination of how grief can give itself over to irrationality . It pushes its share of buttons - and then pushes a few more .
For a certain kind of moviegoer , Birth will provide allusive ancillary thrills ...
Birth is the beigest , most suffocatingly tasteful film I 've seen since Woody Allen 's Another Woman .
You want to like a movie made with the poise and precision of Birth , but the film feels only partially conceived .
Managing to be both stilted and bizarre , Birth never achieves life .
-LSB- Bears -RSB- all the hallmarks of a too-long-in-gestation pet project : over-planned , over-thought , and meticulously fussed-with to the point of stasis .
The picture is n't scary or convincingly dramatic and is thoroughly devoid of humor or irony .
Mesmerizing .
Unusually austere and ambiguous .
Looks , sounds , and feels like a Carl Theodor Dreyer film .
Hilariously pretentious , it 's Nicole Kidman 's funniest movie since The Hours and 2004 's barmiest motion picture disaster area .
Copious strands of skill are wasted in a futile attempt to capture us in a net that 's insupportable . Adult minds should rebel .
It takes care and precision to make an audience go along with a premise as peril-fraught as this one , and Birth does n't quite manage it .
effective at creating a desolate , haunting atmosphere , an uncanny visual strategy that sustains the film for much longer than it deserves .
Flashes of brilliance which are ultimately squandered .
Creepy pedophilia .
There 's a mysterious , hypnotic quality to the atmosphere of the film that grabbed me and would n't let go .
Although slightly exploitative in its provocative skin , Birth is a daring but stylishly sluggish mysterious melodrama that misses its mesmerizing , tawdry mark
Although Birth is not a complete disaster , it comes pretty darn close .
Cara Seymour 's visceral reaction , amid the film 's overwhelmingly somber , ethereal weirdness , is finally believable .
Do n't tell the Catholic Church , but Nicole Kidman 's latest dramatic vehicle is pregnant with laughter .
Probably the most simultaneously brilliant and screwed-up filmmaking in recent memory .
By trying to turn Birth into a thriller , the filmmakers undermine its intriguing issues .
A dismayingly skillful exercise in high-style creepiness .
A creepy thread flows through Jonathan Glazer 's `` Birth '' that imbeds this wannabe thriller with a decidedly unpleasant austerity ... **
Had -LSB- director -RSB- Glazer made Anna and Sean 's relationship worth rooting for against their adversaries , he would have hit something truly unsettling .
I did n't find it spellbinding at all .
If you ever wondered what was going through the head of Mary Kay Letourneau ... ` Birth ' offers a possible answer .
The kind of movie you come away from with your mind whirling with possibilities about what has happened and what it means .
Enervated and lifeless .
Interminally slow film of torpid self-indulegence based on a ludicrous premise .
`` Birth '' never springs to life .
It 's a perplexing , compelling and finally frustrating film that turns entirely on Kidman 's sincere , wonderfully subtle performance .
The picture , as a whole , never gets beyond its surface .
A ludicrous , entertaining pic .
You 're almost tempted to laugh at Birth by the end , but by then you 're too busy cursing it to bother .
Kidman does such a spectacular job with this moment that we can almost feel her jagged thoughts tearing through her fevered brain .
Too highbrow for the multiplex and too literal for the hipsters , it 's unsatisfying both as gothic camp and serious cinema .
Mystery is fine . We like mystery . Muddle is another thing altogether , and jerking around the audience in the name of ` art ' is pretty unforgivable .
Presents an intriguing premise about death and the possibility of rebirth in an elegant , melancholy and deliberate fashion .
Not every scene works , but the elegant production design and powerful performances gloss over the glitches .
Lingering performances by Nicole Kidman and 11-year-old Canadian actor Cameron Bright , as well as assured direction by Glazer ... complement an unusually thoughtful script that uses a minimum of dialogue to maximum effect .
Strangely inert , a beautifully filmed bad idea .
The movie never delivers on its promises .
It 's about a love beyond death and beyond resolution , and its risks remind us : Movies are about more than entertaining ourselves silly .
Its ridiculousness is exacerbated by how seriously it takes itself and also by its highfalutin pretensions .
Offers a preposterous premise and then fails to help us believe it .
The jaw-dropping crassness of the bathtub scenes blows the whole thing to smithereens .
Possibly , this idea would have worked as comedy . Say , if the kid had said something like , ` I am dead people . '
The pedigree is impressive , but no technical skills could redeem this nitwit story .
An odd little picture that finally provides some unsatisfying ` explanations ' for all the previously , intriguingly inexplicable things that have gone before .
It is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma that ultimately reveals ... not much .
It 's corny , plodding , implausible and -- on occasion -- seriously creepy .
As a demonstration of the power as well as the limitations of exceptional filmmaking , it 's as unsettling and unusual as anything you 're likely to see .
-LSB- Bright 's -RSB- gravity makes the story not as queasy as it might otherwise seem .
A sumptuous film with beautiful cinematography and a lush soundtrack , but they 're wasted on a film that boasts neither great scares or shocking plot twists .
Turns into an unintentional creepshow because it sets up a ` love ' affair between the 37-year-old Kidman and a 10-year-old boy .
In the context of the film , the scene where Anna and Sean make the rubber ducky blush is perfectly appropriate .
The movie does n't have the courage to fully embrace the material -- neither the scandalousness of it , nor the psychological and metaphysical implications .
Despite its trappings , despite its style , Birth is just a tall tale with a short reach .
Birth is a haphazard discombobulated mess with a major talent drowning in the film 's placenta-like goo .
Kidman takes care of the arty material like the great actress she is . And for what it 's worth , Bright has an eerie look that you ca n't help but focus on .
Its odd allure comes from the sad reality of its story . The monsters here are memories that wo n't leave , that we cling to and fall prey to , illusions that will not fade .
Begins taking turns that simply make no sense , even in this quasi-mystical context .
The film does n't go nearly as far in exploring its central concept as it could have , but much of this material is in extremely poor taste .
Ambiguity can be an effective dramatic tool , but it also can result in unsatisfying evasions , which I 'm afraid is the case here .
A mess , elegant at times , but a mess nonetheless .
An effective thriller precisely because it is true to the way sophisticated people might behave in this situation .
Birth is entirely misconceived .
Such a meticulously wrought piece of hokum that it 's both easy to admire and impossible to warm up to .
After building anticipation throughout most of the film , Glazer fizzles out near the end . ... Once again , a brilliant filmmaker falls victim to the sophomore slump .
`` Birth '' is n't a horror film or even really a thriller , although it 's calm , deliberate pace does create a palpable and spellbinding tension .
It may compel at first , but Birth just does n't deliver , especially for those looking for anything resembling a logical payoff .
This bizarre , surreal , even salacious drama , tackling one of society 's ultimate taboos , is a creepy yet compelling metaphysical concept .
It might be an interesting premise , but it 's a bit too pretentious to include the audience in the story .
The only shocking thing is how a talented filmmaker , working with one incredible cast could end up with a film that equals far less than the sum of its remarkable parts .
-LSB- H -RSB- overs dangerously close to romanticizing pedophilia ...
An imaginatively conceived meditation on grief and mourning , not entirely persuasive , but a thought-provoking and elegantly made film , nonetheless .
This is a great picture , unafraid to explore the notion that loving who you do is always an impossible thing to defend .
One of those films that is so strangely , off-the-wall awful that collectors of such things may well have a blast watching it .
Birth is a meticulous film that moves glacially , but holds attention with a Hulk-sized grip for every moment of its running time .
Definitely the kind of movie you 'll be talking about the rest of the day .
In the middle of a story that lurches from unsettling to preposterous by way of sheer ookiness , there is one moment of sheer , breathtaking bravura .
An unsatisfying shaggy-dog story .
Birth is an engrossing psychological drama that starts out as a tale about reincarnation and morphs into a sobering examination of grief .
An interesting , puzzling and intense journey sure to provoke conversation among some moviegoers and disdain among others .
The story line remains faintly plausible , because Kidman makes us believe she 's Anna , and Anna makes us believe .
An odd , slightly icky little film , deftly shot and self-assured but unbelievable on just about every level , emotional and otherwise .
Without Ms. Kidman 's brilliantly nuanced performance , Birth might feel arch , chilly and a little sadistic , but she gives herself so completely to the role that the film becomes both spellbinding and heartbreaking .
Although the picture succeeds in getting under your skin , you 're likely to find the sensation more irritating than satisfyingly unnerving .
The eerie tale is steeped in brooding atmosphere and psychological suspense thanks to Glazer 's hugely imaginative visual style and creative use of music , sound , and silence .
Strange , miraculous and clear-eyed about how grief and hope intertwine , Birth is hypnotic .
Captures the triumph of pretentiousness over intelligent filmmaking , and willful morosity over character dimension .
Those characters almost always behave in a refreshingly logical manner , which makes the premise more intriguing .
The film can only be enjoyed as laugh-out-loud camp .
Becomes more labored , its plot twists more predictable and its characters less believable .
A stylistically bold movie that -- flaws and all -- has the power to haunt your dreams .
Birth makes its oddball supernaturalism seem completely , compellingly real .
A load of preposterous twaddle .
An austerely creepy , ethereal spook show in which the things that go unexplained -- which are many -- are far more unnerving than the things that are .
Combining the surrealist daring of Luis Buñuel with the austere technical mastery of Stanley Kubrick , it poses tantalizing questions about grief , longing and imagination as it traces chilling fingers down your spine .
May be the most futile application of cinematic and acting skill I 've seen all year .
For awhile , the stately symphonic score , urbane setting and understated dress make Birth feel powerful -- until it feels empty , lacking what Glazer so furiously exhibited in his equally stylized freshman endeavor : heart .
Strangely mesmerizing .
Plays as if the filmmakers were doing an experiment to see if they could pull one over on the audience , the studio execs , and the actors .
I think Nicole Kidman let the Lenny Kravitz lovin ' distract her while reading the script for Birth .
A brutal explanation of the meaning , strength and application of love , marriage and the afterlife , all under the most awkward of circumstances .
Blithely confuses a `` possession '' story , laced with unsavory sexual undertones , for a daring take on Eastern spiritualism .
All I could think was , What in God 's name do the filmmakers think they 're doing ?
plodding and pretentious
Jonathan Glazer 's direction is splendid , but I could n't get over the flawed storytelling .
Charged with an impossible hunger , Birth has a mordantly humorous undertow , recognizing as it does the cognitive dissonance at its core .
Has one of the best scenes of the year .
Evoking Stanley Kubrick in its slowly spellbinding pacing and meticulous , always unpredictable technical attributes , Birth is a visually sumptuous work .
Supports a sense of doom that toes the line of horror and leaves a lingering perception of disquiet .
No one in the film comes across as a flesh-and-blood character ... Birth is overdressed with nowhere to go .
Compelling and emotionally riveting . I have now forgiven Kidman `` The Stepford Wives '' and next year 's `` Betwitched . ''
It 's beautifully made and very well-acted , tantalising us with its central mystery even if it 's rather mopey and dull .
It 's Mary Kay Letourneau meets `` Ghost '' ...
A brooding , original drama that commands attention .
It has no suspense because it has no belief in itself .














@highlight

A well-mounted production is undermined by a muddled , absurd storyline of questionable taste .