It ... challenges the viewer to reconsider simpleminded moralizing when it comes to war action .
The fact that war really is hell is always kept front and centre throughout . Tobia Schliesser 's cinematography is brilliant . This one 's an adrenaline - packed ride all the way .
Peter Berg 's latest directorial effort , the Navy SEALs drama Lone Survivor , is no better than a limp retelling that fails to get underneath the surface of the actual story .
It 's what an action movie should be at its best ; the shots fired are less interesting than the personal struggles of the men in battle .
Berg 's film is beautifully shot and thrillingly paced ; he and his actors have a real affection for these men and feel a real duty to portray them honorably .
Berg 's direction is as energetic as ever , and there 's rarely a moment that 's not both engaging and horrifying to watch .
` Survivor ' has a ` you are there ' feeling ; sound-barrier-breaking rounds , RPG explosions , and Navy SEAL-scripting of real firefight lingo : ` Left is not good ! Right is good ! '
`` Lone Survivor '' is n't a classic , but it 's a modestly affecting war pic that artfully pays tribute to some real American heroes - exactly what it sets out to do .
This is war at its most thrilling !
The unwillingness to `` engage '' in larger questions disconcertingly reduces a real-life tragedy to an action movie .
Despite the lack of character development , watching these guys struggle to prevail was enthralling and heartbreaking all at once .
Whatever the political undercurrent at work , every so often you have to remind yourself that this happened to four young men , no doubt the brightest stars of loving families .
Peter Berg is effectively offering four Rambos for the price of one - the Seals ' bullet-whistling gunfight scenes are a combination of Saving Private Ryan on a ridge , Heat on a hill and Open Range out in the open . Bang , bang , bang ! And bang again !
Lone Survivor comes off as a celebration of the martyred American soldier , that myth that makes it that much easier for old men to send young men to their deaths .
Knowing the outcome tends to lessen the intensity of the well-shot action sequences .
`` Lone Survivor '' thrills , horrifies and also punches home the simple point that individual acts of conscience can save lives , and even change the world .
Encontra seus melhores momentos em suas sequências de ação .
This is an intense film . You get a clear sense of the panic these guys felt and the hopelessness of their situation .
Narrative cohesion is not the film 's strong suit , but battlefield authenticity most certainly is .
Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy , but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context .
Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy , but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context .
The most harrowing combat film since Saving Private Ryan .
Small in scale but just as intense , Lone Survivor 's extended battle recalls the opening of Steven Spielberg 's Saving Private Ryan . like its hardy protagonists , is determined to get the job done .
If there 's one major message at the core of Peter Berg 's outstanding , realistic , fact-based war film it 's that no amount of new-fangled military technology can take away from the brutality and human cost of frontline fighting .
Though the film predictably finishes on just one of its number , it is in the many that Lone Survivor 's components best succeed .
Not since Mark Bowden 's Black Hawk Down has there been such a vivid account of a mission gone wrong .
If Mark Wahlberg stars as an interesting character , the movie has a fighting chance at the box office - and this one became a hit .
It will be remembered for its bone-breaking , blood-splattering , white-knuckle skirmish - not for its performances , characters , plot or dialogue . On this level , it works .
For all its flaws it is both a gripping action thriller and an unforgettable depiction of the cold realities of war . My first reaction after seeing it was a simple one : this must be how it was . It may be the highest tribute I can pay .
The film does n't glorify war , it pays tribute to courage and determination ; while it does n't play politics , it does show the Taliban as vicious , bloodthirsty and mercil
... a disappointing , underwhelming actioner from Peter Berg ...
A portrayal of strict military excellence and grueling physical performances , to which Mark Wahlberg brings his best game .
It 's a heartfelt tribute to the brave young American soldiers who sacrifice their lives for their country but it also makes that sacrifice seem like the most exciting extreme sport imaginable .
Captures the raw intensity of combat and carnage on both sides of the battlefront , and the heroics that forge an indelible spirit in combat
It 's not perfect ... but this is a major step up from Berg 's previous travesty . This is actually quite good .
Lone Survivor sticks pretty closely to the facts , has real momentum and a series of impressive action sequences
While the violence is horrifying , the encasing narrative is perversely `` heroic '' , with corn-fed dialogue presented as solidly non-ironic , and images of the real-life combatants used to stirring , manipulative ends .
While its aspirations are high and its intentions are genuine , the film is a slick and hollow war drama that benefits from some harrowing battle sequences .
An occasionally smart script - and four excellent actors - keep the project grounded .
Authentic military detail , generic storytelling and manly patriotism battle it out in a gut-wrenching war movie that celebrates heroism under fire .
Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible . It 's not a very nice film . But it is a splendidly effective one .
Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible . It 's not a very nice film . But it is a splendidly effective one .
The relentless intensity quickly grows numbing .
Replete with a certain kind of self-importance and self-forgiveness , this Afghan war movie starring Mark Wahlberg has a distinctively martyred America-at-bay feel .
There are nuggets of honesty amid the gung-ho jingoism in Peter Berg 's starry-eyed war story .
The picture may not be in contention for Oscars but it 's a first-class modern war film : visceral , exciting and thought-provoking .
The film alternates between the pulverisingly immediate and dismayingly generic .
-LSB- The second act -RSB- is the core of the film , and it works very well . What falls on either side has been designed to support it , but comes close to achieving the opposite .
Lone Survivor is well made and well acted but its refusal to pass comment on the central mission means that it ultimately feels like a gung ho fantasy that lacks emotional impact .
Luttrell 's remarkable story of survival is worth telling . Inevitably , the temptation to depict US military as consummate heroes creeps through . Yet it 's a more balanced account than you might expect .
nothing if not a deeply felt paean to the characters ' toughness , bravery , and , most importantly , humanity
Berg reconstructs the gunfight brilliantly . Superb stunts , a dizzying use of handheld cameras , great editing and brilliant acting combine to make this the most intense war movie since Black Hawk Down .
Lone Survivor is n't always sophisticated ... But there 's moral complexity and a climax in an Afghan village which is tense and surprisingly moving .
A severe portrait of fortitude under extreme pressure , somewhat marred by blinkered politics .
Mark Wahlberg stands firm as Luttrell and he also produced this version of events which , ultimately , celebrates the brotherhood of soldiers and hits hard , on a gut level .
The direction pummels and the cast impress , yet Berg 's war movie promises more than it delivers .
Hard edges , clean visual lines of action , very little gung-ho boo-rah .
A noble , moving tribute .
Lone Survivor ' hits home and hits hard .
A harrowing bone-crackling blow-by-blow account of a failed reconnaissance mission that finishes with a dose of humanity .
The film shows us the landscape of modern warfare , which when it is men with guns facing each other is pretty much the way war has been in the trenches since the Civil War .
-LSB- Mark -RSB- Wahlberg in particular has really come into his own these past few years , doing the best work of his career . His level of commitment here is second to none .
In its quieter moments , the movie aptly displays the bond of brotherhood that unites the SEALS , as they tease , chide , encourage and protect each other .
You will endure much pain and suffering on the screen , yet there is rare power in this story of survival , a glimmer of hope when it feels like all has been lost .
This movie kept me on the edge of my seat , but I ca n't be sure if it was the result of some buffed and beautiful performances from the brawny cast , or a latent sense of sympathetic jock itch .
Think Zero Dark Thirty minus the happy ending .
While it 's obvious he means well - Berg clearly reveres these soldiers - he does n't seem all that interested in depicting who they were as men . Heck , Die Hard 's John McClane was a more fully sketched character than any of these real-life action heroes .
It does n't matter whether you are for or against military involvement in Afghanistan ; this is a film that captures the bond between those who serve .
At its best , it recalls the intimate fist-to-face , bayonet-to-belly battlefield films of yore ; less successfully , it wears its -LRB- purple -RRB- heart on its sleeve , almost demanding at times that you rise from your seat with your hand on your heart ...
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- All films are political . All film is propaganda . Conscious awareness that Peter Berg 's seemingly straight-ahead war picture is a two-hour recruitment commercial designed for the U.S. military to seduce testosterone-filled American males ...
Battle scenes have about as much realism as `` Kill Bill '' . Politics are vintage Chuck Norris/Sylvester Stallone .
Berg 's direction is super intense , especially during the prolonged fire-fights in the mountains - sequences which will likely leave viewers feeling as bruised , breathless and scared as the soldiers themselves .
A tribute to anyone standing up for themselves on the front lines of any dangerous conflict situation .
A mediocre military drama and just a sub-par human drama ...
It would be hard to make the story any grimmer on film
Never get involved in a land war in Asia .
Lone Survivor is writer/director Peter Berg 's best to date ...
The battle sequences are as grueling , as excruciating , as the running gunfights in ` The Wild Bunch . ' Indeed , in places ` Lone Survivor ' feels more like a revisionist western than a war movie .
There 's a gruesome , you-are-there authenticity to the action as the heroes spill their blood and guts on the battlefield .
Employing only the most minimal of brushstrokes to differentiate the men , Berg does n't seem particularly interested in them as individuals , meaning that instead of their real-life monikers , the credits might as well read `` Navy SEAL 1 , '' `` Navy SEAL 2 , '' etc. .
Berg does n't seem to have made the film as a piece of propaganda . He made the film to celebrate American heroes who put their lives on the line , and suffer the consequences .
The full impact does n't come until the very end , when we see actual photos of Luttrell 's three comrades and the 16 others who died trying to save them . If seeing their faces and realizing how much was lost does n't shake you , nothing ever will .
`` Lone Survivor '' is a pretty good war movie based on an incredible and moving account of courage and survival .
For battle-worn returnees of the struggles in Afghanistan , I suspect this film will trigger deep-seated memories of the military brotherhood they experienced , and the unspeakable losses they endured .
... the real reason why one man could be left standing while 19 others actually died gets rushed into a 30-minute climax , featuring a surprising wartime humanity that wo n't be revealed here .
The film effectively assaults its audience almost as aggressively as its subjects .
The film 's director , Peter Berg , wants to immerse you so deeply that you feel as if your bones are breaking , too . There 's a price , of course , for that kind of immersion : It becomes tough to see the movie for the drum-beating .
The unwillingness to ` engage ' in larger questions disconcertingly reduces a real-life tragedy to an action movie .
Works as elegy , action film and in other ways . Berg can be hit and miss . This is hit .
Lone Survivor is a brutally effective movie , made by people who think that they 're serving their country . But they 're just making us coarser and more self-centered .
Lone Survivor is an exciting war tale wrapped inside a Navy SEAL recruitment commercial . That does n't make the central story any less powerful on its own , but it mutes the impact it might otherwise have had .
Berg 's fine achievement is in relaying that sense of abject danger even as he and his actors honor the utter connection of the men who lost their lives that day .
It 's not for everyone , but Lone Survivor is a moving -LRB- and disturbing -RRB- look at Operation Red Wings - and a thoughtful glimpse at the men that gave their lives for it .
Emphasis on realism and maximum peril keeps this fact-based action movie from being merely a stunt movie .
A powerful telling of a true story that reminds us there is a qualitative difference between America and the evils we fight at such great cost . This devastating movie will make you proud .
Great acting . Terrific movie . It 's flaw is one faced by most directors doing a military biopic . Peter Berg fails to realize that less is more .
With a conventional style , the film puts us in the center of a relentless , fatal battle in Afghanistan . Lone Survivor will make you squirm , but earns every wrenching minute .
Basically a more meatheaded version of Argo , a story of heroic Americans that 's somewhat one-sided and plays fast and loose with the truth at points and has a preposterous Hollywood ending , but is pretty entertaining nonetheless .
This is brutally efficient filmmaking - Berg seems to never pass up the chance to show us a bullet wound or a broken bone , and many of both accumulate .
A tense -LRB- story -RRB- told with visceral imagery ... moves along with a gutsy churn .
A testament to what the men and women of our armed services put on the line when in hostile environs . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
It is a somber and respectful movie that , maybe more than any film since Saving Private Ryan , tells something of the truth about war and the rough men who do hard things to keep us safe .
As war movies go , it 's effectively disorienting and gets the job done , but it does n't even dare to try to go above and beyond .
There 's not much time between fighting for the audience to contemplate the tricky ethical questions that surround the mission , so the film becomes a tale of courage , professionalism and persistence .
... a hell of a good film .
A unfailingly intense look into what life -- and death -- is like for America 's fighting men and women .
It 's a pretty by-the-numbers war flick that does itself a disservice with its spoiler-ridden title .
A brutal and realistic war film that smartly focuses on the fraternal relationships these soldiers share before sending them into battle .
The sensation of being pinned down and shot apart is so harrowingly conveyed by Peter Berg 's fact-based war movie Lone Survivor that one almost forgives the movie 's failure to be quite as persuasive in almost every other respect .
It 's hard to be all that you can be when you 're a corpse . In essence , the film admires the team but exposes the game . And the game is ugly indeed .
A step-by-fateful-step study of human endurance , of desperation , of resolve , and resignation .
Anyone watching has to be blown away by the amazing bravery of the real men who faced a fight 99.99 % of us could n't even fathom .
There may not be another filmmaker in better position to create the next ` Saving Private Ryan , ' but this represents another passion project for Berg that fails to give audiences a reason to care as much as its director .
As a war drama , `` Lone Survivor '' is brutal and unsparing . When the picture tries to become `` important , '' it falls the way of maudlin pandering . Less would have been more .
The story of Lone Survivor is all in the title , which may make you wonder what the point of it all is .
Despite Berg 's painting in broad strokes and reveling in the violence too much , Lone Survivor is itself a glowing tribute to the drive , determination , and spirit of our armed forces .
Their courage , dedication , and skill were unparalleled and the tragic stupidity of war presented them with a series of awful choices and unthinkable danger .
Make no mistake , these are men who deserve nothing less than sincere respect , but Berg is determined to turn them into action heroes , which makes the film rousing and exciting .
Director Berg shows the intense reality of combat
Lone Survivor comes on like a raised fist .
Peter Berg delivers an appropriately harrowing , horrifying and humbling war film that 's imperfect but offers indelible ideas , images and performances . If it ultimately goes Hollywood , it 's only after running an exhausting gauntlet of authenticity .
Lean and mean as a U.S. Marine , Peter Berg 's fact-based military drama Lone Survivor contains zero percent narrative body fat .
Berg gives us a movingly bullet-chipped plaque of a drama that 's good as far as it goes . But it does n't go far enough anymore .
We might look through the movie toward appreciating what the actual men went through , but that alone ca n't turn `` Lone Survivor '' into a satisfying movie experience .
What 's missing here is something , or rather , someone , to care about .
The Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts have spawned some powerful documentaries , but few memorable narrative films . The fact-based drama `` Lone Survivor '' is not the first to be set there , but it is surely the most horrifyingly intimate .
Gripping , unrelenting , brutally proficient moviemaking , a just-the-facts war movie about four Navy SEALS on an Afghan mission gone fatally wrong .
There 's some strong filmmaking here , but it does n't do anything especially groundbreaking . The film is a noble effort , but a missed opportunity .
Without taking sides or glorifying its subjects , Lone Survivor depicts a real band of brothers who put their bodies on the line even as their mission fails .
This has relatively little to say about why the U.S. armed forces invaded Afghanistan in the first place , but it 's effective as genre filmmaking and surprisingly respectful in its depiction of non-Taliban Afghans .
Like the best war movies , Lone Survivor laces action with moral questions that haunt and provoke .
Captures the intensity of the 2005 mission ... -LSB- but -RSB- fails to go beyond first-rate reenactment ... to a deeper assessment of how and why it happened in the broader context of the war .
`` Lone Survivor '' illustrates for a new generation the difficulty our young women and men face in fighting an enemy that wears no uniform , marches under no flag and calls no country home .
A virtuoso , brutal rendering of a SEAL team 's fight for life in a forbidding patch of Afghanistan .
There 's a stronger version of this story in which we get to know these four guys before going through Hell with them instead of racing to get there .
Wahlberg remains one of our most reliable and least actorly of movie stars , innately macho but vulnerable enough to seem like a human being caught in an inhuman situation .
It glorifies these soldiers , much as Zack Snyder canonized the Spartans in 300 , as cartoon symbols of American heroism .
It 's not as imaginative as `` The Hurt Locker '' or as poetic as `` Platoon , '' but it convincingly depicts the heroism of its SEAL characters .
Opens and closes with a loose grasp on how to turn authentic courage into an action movie . In between , though , wow .
Not since 2001 's `` Black Hawk Down '' has the bloody chaos of war been so graphically portrayed in a Hollywood feature .
... a nail-biting , visceral narrative that falls off a little toward the end only because it is a chronologically faithful to Luttrell 's story . Berg 's enthusiasm is felt throughout ...
Makes Oliver Stone 's Platoon look like a Night at the Museum movie .
Berg 's screenplay does n't give them the chance to become real people . In a film where character development was going to be vitally important to the story , it 's rather shocking that he would skip it all together .
Such ritualistic fawning makes for a thin cinematic experience , irrespective of how you feel about the military .
Peter Berg 's harrowing combat film may not be the most fun or the pleasant release of 2013 : it may be one of the most profound .
A hard-hitting , bloody account of a failed combat mission , giving enough time to the man who survived , as well as to the men we lost .
In an age in which everyone who wears a uniform is called a `` hero , '' it may be jarring to see a movie that is based on an actual heroic event .
Berg avoids jingoism . These are men doing their job , one that is unfathomable for most of us .
Berg has made a powerful film and an important reminder of what really happens when we send men and women off to war . It 's just too bad that subtlety is n't a stronger weapon in his arsenal .
Berg clearly has nothing but reverence for the armed forces , but that admiration renders him incapable of portraying anything dispassionately .
What starts out as a well-crafted but formulaic vehicle for Mark Wahlberg , an ode to machismo and the warrior code , becomes something a little more interesting by the time it ends .
for long moments , Lone Survivor is fantastic
Heroic , well done , a must-see
Most war films try to be epic in scope and intent . Lone Survivor opts for a smaller focus and succeeds on its own terms .
A practically-pornographic tribute to fearless , fallen heroes strictly for patriots with a strong stomach for gratuitous violence , however historically accurate .
Acknowledges the powerful fraternity of soldiers without being jingoistic , and depicts the intensity and adrenaline of a battlefield without being pornographic .
The director Peter Berg 's exciting and harrowing re-creation of an actual operation that took place in Afghanistan , in 2005 .
Ultimately , yes , it does seem to be making an anti-war statement : Here are elite fighters who have given their all in the service of absolutely nothing .
The action scenes - basically , one protracted , harrowing firefight - feel as realistic as any we 've seen on the screen for some time .
Lone Survivor 's lack of suspense never works against it . If anything , the fact that the outcome is , at least roughly , known in advance only adds to the film 's sickening tension ...
The title kind of gives away the ending of this harrowing true story , which is worth a look despite its tendency to exaggerate the heroics .
The sheer irredeemable gruesomeness makes learning something from the tragedy of the failed mission difficult .
There are no false heroics here , only the bravery of men under fire who trust each other with their very lives .
The gut-punch gift of Berg 's punishing true-life action drama is how it locates intimacy and fraternity , and mines deep reservoirs of feeling amidst much frenetic mayhem .
A searing portrait of men lost in the fog of war , under fire from every direction with little hope of immediate rescue .
The movie is purely visceral , generating adrenaline , alarm , and even tears . Berg manages to avoid high-minded seriousness while still respecting the material .
Berg is relentlessly unsparing - in Lone Survivor , we discover what it is like to topple downhill from rock to rock , and what it is like to reach for your gun and find that your hand is missing - but never Tarantino-sadistic .
Well-executed and humane . A suitably suspenseful tribute to the soldiers who put themselves in grave danger to keep our shores safe .
... one of the most dramatically lean and excruciating combat films ever made .
It 's a well-executed survival story , but it misses the chance to amount to anything more .
... intense and graphic ... this shows the real violence of battle ... a movie that stays with you long after you leave the theater .
the filmmakers use their over-the-top action to accentuate the desperation of the team members ... in trying to survive .
The logistics of the situation holds enough drama , but the filmmaker indulges in ... the violence done to these men . It 's `` The Passion of the Christ '' missing the self-sacrificial will .
Peter Berg 's screen version of Marcus Luttrell 's book is remarkably good at dramatizing the notorious 2005 Navy SEAL operation that went horrifically bad .
What makes `` Lone Survivor '' work as well as it does are the human exchanges . Whether friend or foe , the moments feel all too real .
That these events actually happened does n't necessarily make it plausible or powerful in a movie , or keep it from seeming like convenient propaganda .
`` The Passion of the Christ '' for U.S. servicemen : a bloody historic episode recounted mainly in images of hardy young men being ripped apart , at screeching volume .
Despite early glimpses of respect to the responsibility of duty , Lone Survivor would rather flex its matinee muscles instead of dissecting the true drive of military service and its unbearable demands of sacrifice .
It is a modest , competent , effective movie , concerned above all with doing the job of explaining how the job was done .
a mostly steady , honest picture that shreds the right nerves by keeping humanity at the forefront
A jingoistic snuff film
Maybe the true story of Marcus Luttrell 's astounding survival is blinding me with patriotism , but I firmly believe Lone Survivor pays proper tribute to many deserving souls through entertaining , respectful filmmaking .
For all his directorial shortcomings , Berg has a knack for capturing men at work ; his depiction of special-ops maneuvering -- of silently casing the enemy base , of planning the attack -- is as compelling as the chaotic violence he orchestrates later .
Harrowing , intense , and entirely too much like John Wayne 's `` The Green Berets '' or a SEALs recruiting film for its own good .
The story is nothing short of miraculous .
`` Lone Survivor '' offers glorification with little characterization .
Story of super-soldiers in Afghanistan , a failed mission , and two surprising act of mercy in the midst of all the bloodshed .
Without delving much into the paradoxes of modern warfare , `` Lone Survivor '' embodies them .
A gripping tale of men pushed to the extreme and rising to the occasion , right up to the moment they no longer can .
This is the sort of bare-bones story that well served plenty of World War II movies once , and it would work here , if Berg had the sense to develop these men as characters , first .
It 's ` The Passion of the Christ ' for military enthusiasts - an epic of pain and suffering , meant to bludgeon civilians into a guilt trip .
Low-key realistic , yet brutal and sobering - the sad title , itself , is a spoiler .
A slam-bang action film that 's plenty realistic , with a full two-thirds devoted to the battle for survival that ensues when a mission to capture or kill a top Taliban leader goes about as wrong as any mission can go .
Reliable director Peter Berg , a great all-male cast and spectacular photography by Tobias A. Schleissler are compromised by Berg 's excessively action-leaning screenplay .
A solid effort from director Peter Berg in turning Marcus Luttrell 's story into a edge-of-your-seat military thriller that never feels over-the-top or sensationalistic .
What the picture lacks in perspective it makes up for in visceral force : This is a brutal portrait of warfare that emphasizes every crunching bone and whizzing bullet .
Berg may be adhering to the basic facts , but his movie 's childish machismo is a disgrace to all involved .
The visuals are gripping , the sound effects magnificent . But to what end ? This is a movie about an irrelevant skirmish that ended in near-total catastrophe , during a war we are not winning .
Pro-military battle film with a lot of graphic violence , blood and awful wounds . This tale of savage warfare also begins and ends with acts of noble courage , self-sacrifice , compassion and decency .
Cinematographer Tobias Schliessler shoots the violence as if it 's both horrific and saintly , a Passion play of blood , saliva and bodies battered to pulp for a higher cause .
The War is Hell film , even though apolitical and pro-military , raises the question if America 's heavy blood sacrifices are worth it for such an unwinnable and hard to define war .
Like his prior The Kingdom , Peter Berg 's film pretends to dabble in a frothy moral ambiguity , swiftly betraying its true aims with trigger-happy jingoism .
Approaching a true story in which several men died is always difficult , so it 's a shame to have to report that this is one of the dullest films about war ever made .
Given the title , clearly this drama wo n't end well . Dir . Peter Berg showcases the talents of a bearded band of actors : Mark Wahlberg , Taylor Kitsch , Emile Hirsch & Ben Foster . No peacenik critique , `` Survivor '' could inspire grunted praise from John Wayne .
War , in case you 've forgotten , is hell .
The film lapses into a few Medal of Honor video game moments as we see Taliban picked off via the SEAL teams ' gun sights , but this section is also Berg at his best ...
Wahlberg heightens the already considerable amount of immediacy Berg brings to the film . Lone Survivor is a visceral movie , with every punch , shot , and explosion conveyed with great technical skill .
A deeply intense , detached museum piece -- hosting a small , intriguing plaque that might lead you to the denser story elsewhere , if you so wish .
An intense look at 19 American deaths and one survival in a vividly re-created chapter of the fighting in Afghanistan .
Bloody , brutal battle scenes give us in the audience a solid view of what we 're up against by fighting in Afghanistan .
There is definitely bravery and sacrifice in Peter Berg 's modern warfare film - but - it operates best as a body horror film .
Berg shoots their every wound - and they suffer dozens , because while it takes one or two bullets to kill an Afghani it takes ten just to slow an American down - with a loving attention that calls to mind Mel Gibson 's The Passion of the Christ .
A scorching , often unbearably brutal account of a June 2005 military mission that claimed the lives of 19 U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan 's Kunar province .
Berg sets up the cathartic moments we 're used to in movies like this , but then he pulls out the rug , reminding us that the cavalry does n't always miraculously show up in time to save the day .

@highlight

A true account of military courage and survival , Lone Survivor wields enough visceral power to mitigate its heavy-handed jingoism .