It 's a shame that The Marine did not receive a theatrical release in Australia . Not only was much of it shot here , but as an action popcorn adventure , it has reasonable merit .
Some crazed jewel thieves get trigger-happy in a gas station , and kidnap John Cena 's wife . This is useful , as it adds the dangerous excitement of having an angry pro-wrestler chase them through South Carolina forests .
The story is minimal and the action is preposterous , but it does n't try to be much else .
Derivative in the extreme , but some good stunt work and humorous touches make it a lot more tolerable than it could have been .
It has the air of garbage , but is kind of cute , despite the awful dialogue .
The Marine subscribes to the notion that there 's no such thing as a gratuitous explosion .
It is not particularly a bad film . It is just nothing special .
The Marine often feels like an oddball black comedy about a dysfunctional band of sociopaths , just masquerading as an action movie about one tough ex-Marine .
Cena 's dialogue is held to a monosyllabic minimum ...
There are people who will see `` The Marine '' just because it features John Cena , and those people will not be disappointed : The movie does , in fact , feature John Cena .
Brimming with testosterone , `` The Marine '' explodes and punches its way onto the screen .
A delectably bad '80s - style actioner .
So bad that it 's very nearly sublime .
The Marine settles for action pieces performed by broad character types . In other words , it 's a lot like a night of wrestling .
Yes , Virginia , there is a John Rambo . But he lives now only in our memories .
A movie so dumb it may actually cause brain damage .
A happy surprise .
A movie so dumb it may actually cause brain damage .
This brain-damaged action mistake is about as understated as a mortar blast .
It 's not a good film by any practical standard , but The Marine is bad in just the right way , a mindless throwaway that 's at least smart enough not to take itself too seriously .
If there ever was a reason why studios do n't screen films , this is the Rosetta stone .
The Marine proves a poor showcase for the homeboy charisma Cena shows week in and out with the WWE .
The genius of the film is in its unapologetically obvious crowd-pleasing moments .
Such bizarre touches remind one of the appeal of WWE televised bouts .
The Marine will trigger a strong sense of deja vu for anyone who recalls the slapdash , slam-bang action fare that was standard-issue drive-in fodder during the 1970s .
kicks *** at being totally lousy
This is a Supersize movie : Supersize Guns , Supersize Knives , Supersize Muscles , Supersize Boobs and Supersize Explosions !
Harmless , tongue-in-cheek , mayhem-filled fun .
Low-budget , logic-free action shlock...explosion-laced , fisticuff-heavy , utterly brainless stuff .
A big , hilarious , stupid meathead of a movie , destined to be a huge hit on The Violence Channel .
What 's a muscular guy like John Cena doing in a flabby movie like this ?
While The Marine 's real-world connections to the War in Iraq are brief and incidental to its minimal plot , that fact does n't make its reductive attitudes any more pleasant to swallow .
The Marine proudly admits that it 's junk . Who am I to disagree ?
An unrepentant B-movie , The Marine features the sort of bare-bones plot that would in previous years have served as a vehicle for the likes of Charles Bronson .
It 's as fast and loud as you 'd expect , but where it catches you off-guard is in its breathtaking stupidity .
If you 're the kind of fan who digs movies like Road House and waxes nostalgic for the heyday of Seagal and Van Damme , you owe it to yourselves to at least rent this one someday .
Apparently -LSB- Cena 's -RSB- some WWE superstar ; for the uninitiated , he looks kinda like Matt Damon , if Matt Damon got freakishly buff .
These guys do n't much about making movies , but they know how to stage a smack down .
Absurdly over-muscled WWE star John ` The Franchise ' Cena makes his bid to be the next Schwarzenegger in this lunkheaded but entertaining action flick .
Already used to bad acting , lame action , and unbelievably stupid stories Cena 's fans will love it .
There 's not much about The Marine that 's even slightly diverting . Including , alas , John Cena , the film 's villain-dispatching star .






@highlight

Overblown in every possible way , The Marine is either so bad it 's good or just really , really bad .