Two problems that plague too many films labelled as erotic thrillers cling to this work : It is neither erotic nor much of a thriller .
The Canyons rapidly evolves into a film hopelessly at odds with itself .
Bret Easton Ellis 's screenplay is filled with the worst kind of tin-eared dialogue and situations that seldom rise above their soapish base instincts , and in the third act , he clearly just gives up and turns one of his characters into Patrick Bateman .
Very little animating emotion to explain why the film had to be made , why the story needed to be told .
With the pungent combination of a script from novelist Bret Easton Ellis , a performance by Lindsay Lohan and direction by Paul Schrader , The Canyons might have been a micro-budget sensation , but sadly it reeks of laziness .
Schrader 's idea of a modern-day noir has promise but Ellis ' script lets him down and leaves the actors adrift with no scenes to play .
Merely confirms Schrader as an all-but spent force -LRB- it 's been largely downhill since the dismal Dominion -RRB- and nails Bret Easton Ellis as a one-trick pony .
Although the movie is flawed , -LSB- Lohan 's -RSB- pretty terrific ...
The first question you 'll ask yourself while walking out of The Canyons is , `` What were they thinking ? '' The second may be `` Were they thinking at all ? ''
Largely set to go down as an embarrassing footnote in the careers of both its screenwriter Bret Easton Ellis and director Paul Schrader - unless , by some miracle , it gains cult success for its awfulness .
The group sex sessions are briefly interesting , not for their titillation value but the shifting powerplays that emerge between the main characters .
Lindsay Lohan 's car crash career receives another nasty bump in The Canyons , a turgid , very low-budget wallow in Beverly Hills sleaze .
The Canyons deserves a look .
Lindsay Lohan lights up the screen as a fallen starlet in Paul Schrader 's much-maligned noir quickie .
Underneath The Canyons ' plastic deadness rattles a broken Lohan ... And we really believe her .
It believes it 's taking risks it actually has no interest in taking , that it 's seeing profundity in the showbiz shallows .
... feels like a toxic kiss-off note to Hollywood , and the only thing I 'm really wondering about is whether Lohan and Deen -LRB- and others involved in the production -RRB- are the director 's collaborators or victims .
It might have felt at home alongside various overly lurid thrillers from the late 1980s and early 1990s . Now , however , it feels only cheap and passe .
The bubbling-over sexuality of Paul Schrader 's The Canyons is surely tongue-in-cheek , amusing in its semen-splashed excessiveness .
The Canyons is Easton Ellis cannibalising himself , Schrader badly forging Drive and hack stunt casting of a walking appendage and a starlet that should have been in rehab .
The weathered , wayward but undeniably talented Lohan , the poster child for Hollywood 's indulgent lifestyle -LRB- frankly , it 's sad that at 25 she already appears too old for the part -RRB- , imbues Tara with a depth not evident in Ellis ' script .
A boring failure , for the most un-thrilling reasons imaginable : the characters do n't ring true , the dialogue is heinous , and most of the cast ca n't act .
The low-budget film is loaded with conversations about nothing in particular , along with a collection of sex scenes that are neither especially shocking nor titillating .
A little twist at the end of the film is not enough to salvage the other ninety minutes of cinematic torture .
-LSB- A -RSB- dispiriting , narcissistic slog .
The Canyons is no style and no substance , an exercise in poor judgement and stunt casting gone horribly wrong .
The Canyons is n't a sex film , it 's a film about sex , and about our cinematic expectations of sex ; this is a world in which the thrill of the act has been lost because everything has become pornography .
Ellis throws in lots of references to social media in a desperate bid for cultural currency , while Schrader intersperses the drama with pretentious shots of boarded-up movie theaters to suggest this is all a metaphor for the death of cinema .
`` The Canyons '' is one of those movies that makes you feel worse just for having watched it .
Bleak film has unlikable characters , much sex , little point .
Partly funded by Kickstarter and notoriously troubled , The Canyons is hardly worth the effort , an impotent attempt at contemporary noir that ultimately ca n't perform .
It sidesteps tawdriness only to succumb to torpor .
Movies that allow us to wallow in a trashy story for a couple of hours can often become a guilty pleasure , and this lurid concoction blends the skills of Easton Ellis and Schrader for an entertaining story of sexual depravity with Hitchcockian overtones .
... takes the shards of a tacky Hollywood soap opera and transforms it into a pointed , sometimes brutal comedy .
If the creation of self-important tedium were a competitive sport , `` The Canyons '' would take home the gold .
An inept , misanthropic melodrama written by novelist Bret Easton Ellis and funded mostly through a Kickstarter campaign .
A tale of young , vapid , sexually insatiable Z-listers in Hollywood had the credentials to be deliciously awful fun but almost every time something tawdry -LRB- and potentially interesting -RRB- is about to happen , the film pulls its punches and leaves the action .
Lohan , whose caked-on , tear-streaked mascara brings to mind Divine , is the very personification of the lost soul ... It may be early to talk comeback , but this is easily her best work in years .
The Canyons is inept and de-energizing , and Lindsay Lohan is enough to make you cry .
Imagine American Psycho if Patrick Bateman only killed because he was angry about other dudes banging Evelyn .
The Canyons appears to be the only movie of the last 25 years to be scandalized that movie producers are sketchy liars , young actors sometimes have to sleep with people to get better roles , and movies are produced more to make money than to create art .
Sadly , this is a case when the behind-the-scenes story is more intriguing than the one told in the film .
Considering this is a film directed by Paul Schrader and written by Bret Easton Ellis , The Canyons is a limp and toothless piece of work from two artists who should know better .
The Canyons '' is n't a good movie by any stretch of the imagination , but Lohan makes it highly watchable , and is the film 's best inadvertent argument that the movies are n't dead after all .
A stylish , bold and bleak sociocultural commentary . Effectively cold , sad , empty and unpleasant , just like its characters .
An oddly fascinating creation that offers viewers some skilled filmmaking and a performance by Lindsay Lohan that is among the most galvanizing that I have seen this year .
This dud is too busy pointing fingers at the people it thinks are ruining Hollywood to realize that the dream factory goes down one bad movie at a time - including this one .
It 's something you 'd watch when you need to catch up on your magazine reading ... Even as exploitation , The Canyons is a failure .
Laced with real-life psychodrama , it holds your attention almost in spite of itself .
The Canyons is n't just bad , it 's rank - and it takes a peculiar sort of integrity to denude the frame of life to the point where it smells to heaven .
Schrader just seems angry , as if he 's using this film as a tinny megaphone for an announcement of his displeasure with a Hollywood that 's left him behind .
You could put a lot of work into figuring out what 's wrong here , but why bother ? Pretty much everything 's wrong .
`` The Canyons '' is n't a movie , it 's a small , sad , real-life object lesson : This is what happens when you do n't hold on tight to all that you 've earned . This is what happens when you throw away what you 've been lucky enough to be given .
Two good leads are not enough to make The Canyons feel like anything but a failed experiment in intentional low-budget pretentiousness .
Any hope of sneaky commentary or ironic appropriation of porn 's tawdry incompetence disappears long before Deen 's pants .
There 's no feeling , no energy , no sense of the internal lives behind these zombies . It 's nihilism , personified .
As a visual symphony , `` The Canyons '' is often masterful , and while it may be pornographic in places , it 's never campy .
Despite rumours of diva-like demands and general flakiness on set , -LSB- Lohan -RSB- gets the job done , which is more than one can say for her co-stars .
Despite its impressive pedigree and unorthodox methods , `` The Canyons '' is hopelessly thin , clumsy and dull .
All performances register high , including Lohan and her husky voice , but Deen , even inhabiting a must-hate character , truly impresses as an actor who `` gets '' the craft and its nuances .
Those open to a chilly exploration of Hollywood anomie may be surprised at how compelling this tale of amoral showbiz outsiders often manages to be .
A stylish , tantalizing , and highly watchable film . Lindsay Lohan makes a scorching comeback .
Weird and creepy is pretty much what 's on offer in The Canyons , but not so much of either that it gets interesting .
A dispiriting , unpleasurable work punctuated with flashes of vitalizing vulgarity .
The Canyons does n't play like the cure for a moribund industry , so much as a mildly effective , highly depressing administration of the last rites . ... The movie seems to despise itself .
If the subtext of this misbegotten parade of lame shock tactics is the death of cinema , then The Canyons certainly knows how to nail the coffin shut .
Resembling the all-time dullest episode of MTV 's ` Undressed , ' The Canyons unfolds like Lifetime tried to make a Cinemax movie .
The Canyons , a howlingly bad soap-opera-meets-soft-core-porn mash-up , sticks a cinematic fork into Lindsay Lohan , signalling her screen career is well and truly done .
Lindsay Lohan 's raw , passionate , haunted performance is easily the best thing about `` The Canyons , '' a film that depicts the superficial and passive-aggressive without finding any deeper comment or point beneath the surface .
Ellis ' script seems to invite cartoonish over-stylization-an invitation that Schrader 's jagged , jarring direction resists at every opportunity .
There is much ... noirish kink and duplicity on hand . But Schrader tries to find the human side of it all , and he scores with Lohan , who taps a vulnerability beneath her dissolution to remind you why she 's still a movie star .
This highly ballyhooed , self-and-kickstarter-financed , low-budget film from director Paul Schrader and screenWriter Bret Easton Ellis certainly bears the imprint of its makers ... watchable trash
This pitiful would-be-sleazy melodrama is so terrible it ca n't even manage to be cheesy .
Insufferable and eternal , The Canyons has spent the greater part of its production life dodging bad press , only to deserve every single journalistic lash .
While not about pornography , The Canyons ca n't help but possess that same lurid whiff of XXX material , from the crotchy , skeevy sweatiness , right down to its poor acting , tossed-off dialogue and visibly low production values ...
A movie can be highly imperfect , stilted , or implausible in all sorts of ways-and still be everything you go to the movies for .
When he is n't indulging in pretentious shots of abandoned , ruined movie theaters , -LSB- Schrader -RSB- traffics in the kind of dirty-old-man cinema he used to be able to criticize from a distance in films like Auto Focus .
A deeply ugly film from top to bottom , but more importantly , how can a collaboration between Lohan , Deen , Ellis and Schrader be so dull ?
Lindsay Lohan is NOT the problem with The Canyons . She 's arguably the only interesting thing about this train wreck , a film so vapid and worthless that it 's clear that , no matter what the troubled Ms. Lohan did on-set , there was no saving it .
Paul Schrader and Brett Easton Ellis do n't have the sense of play this kind of narrative of one-upmanship requires , as we 're never allowed to enjoy the characters ' misdeeds .
Paul Schrader 's miscast , poorly executed and utterly soulless drama is an example of the failing art form it seeks to indict .
Lohan haters gon na hate , but she 's impressive in this luridly retro erotic thriller
The banal script , from `` American Psycho '' novelist Bret Easton Ellis , feels like a Schrader parody . One effort at `` Gigolo '' - like neon-lit perversion looks more like an orgy in a laser-tag park .
I 've seen high school hygiene films that are steamier than this snoozer , notwithstanding the underwhelming `` mainstream '' debut of popular porn star James Deen , who should n't give up his day job .
Has all the elegance and depth of a daytime soap opera .
The Canyons might have been more fun if it had a trashier , or less austere , style .
The guerrilla shoot seems to have reinvigorated Schrader , and the result is his most stylish picture in years , probably since `` Auto Focus . ''
A lame , one-dimensional and ultimately dreary look at peripheral Hollywood types not worth anyone 's time either onscreen or in real life .
A fitfully intriguing but ultimately aimless psychosexual thriller about pretty young things behaving badly in Hollywood .

@highlight

Oppressively misanthropic and ineptly made , The Canyons serves as a sour footnote in Paul Schrader 's career -- but it does feature some decent late-period work from Lindsay Lohan .