It 's not a film for those who go to movies to escape life .
Well intentioned yet utterly dull ...
draws viewers in close and never relinquishes its grip
This kind of story is happening much more frequently with the economic recession that is affecting much of the world now .
A great deal of the reason for that belongs solely to Buy . This is , without a doubt , one of the finest performances by an actress I 've seen this year , nearly up to the same remarkable plateau as Kristin Scott Thomas ' work in I 've Loved You So Long .
Days and Clouds , despite its darkness , warmly reminds us that if we have each other , sometimes that 's all we need .
... or all the emotional integrity and observational exactness , it 's more social study than character drama .
Evidently we are n't the only ones feeling nervous about the economy .
Days and Clouds serves as a primer in coping with depression , financial and/or personal . But it is stirring , serious and , ultimately , mercifully optimistic cinema .
Elsa and Michele 's story is such a deft study of what can make a relationship go to pieces that it 's a satisfying watch in spite of all the bitterness .
The movie 's success in Italy is partly a matter of frustration : Women need their men to grow up .
a thought-provoking and powerful story that will appeal to mature audiences and those who appreciate fine filmmaking ... that is worth laying out 12 bucks to see it at the theater .
Soldini gets at all the nuances of a marriage of many years in crisis , and , without a typical ` happy ' ending where all worries are neatly resolved , wraps with hopeful poetry ...
An intelligent adult drama that 's especially relevant in these harsh economic times .
Little is surprising about either characters ' behavior , but there is n't a single anguished expression that plays forced or false .
It plays out more like a 12-step program than a human drama .
What seemed at first a provocative study of a family tragedy becomes a two-hour immersion into minutiea until you start thinking that the exits are where the action is .
This is a portrait of nerve-racking economic times , and it cuts close to the bone in detailing how a marriage suffers when its financial underpinnings are suddenly knocked away .
Dude , where 's my wife and job ?
One way to look at this movie is as an elegantly acted , art-house woman 's picture .
Nothing is forced and the acting is just as sunny .
A brave film simply for daring to portray a nightmare lurking in the minds of middle-aged workers , people who might fear a film that addresses their insecurities this bluntly .
Money makes the world go round in Days and Clouds , a darling relationship drama that probes our collective fears about financial instability with an almost profoundly empathetic detachment .
While the context , in the U.S. as well as its native country , lends Days And Clouds added resonance , Soldini 's main interest is in the politics of marriage .
A flawlessly directed drama about an Italian couple 's life together in love that is besieged by unemployment and the drastic downsizing of their lives .
Elsa -LRB- Margherita Buy -RRB- and Michele -LRB- Antonio Albanese -RRB- have a problem : They 're a married couple in a middlebrow arthouse movie .
It 's a 110-minute-long ending with no end in sight .
Soldini 's finely observed , marvelously sensitive writing and direction draw you in like a subtle whirlpool .
Sensitive and subtle , it sympathetically details the devastation of economic insecurity and the regeneration of a marriage .
Deliberately paced and naturally limned by all , the family 's ups and downs make for a satisfying journey .
Decent performances from the two leads .


@highlight

An elegantly acted art house film about a middle class couple 's struggle to hold their lives together , Days and Cloud is both sensitive and engrossing .