The ability to mount staggering epics that seize both the heart and the head has apparently become a lost art in the 21st century .
A disappointingly detached and tame film for such a subject matter .
... the film falls flat under the weight of its period-drama conventions and three performances that epitomize paycheck joylessness .
Cynicism for another true story of a reckless white adventurer finding redemption and purpose helping 3rd World unfortunates evaporates with stunning and moving WWII scenes .
It radiates intelligence . Of how many historical epics can that be said these days ?
The real test of endurance is on the shoulders of an audience challenged to sit through more than two hours of predictable plot turns and recycled sentimentality .
It is , however , such a spectacular-looking movie , as shot by cinematographer Zhao Xiaoding that it is , to use that old cliche , worth the price of admission .
Though there are some powerful performances , notably those of Michelle Yeoh and Chow Yun-Fat , and some sweeping visuals , the movie feels melodramatic and overheated .
Very pretty but very stiffly written , The Children of Huang Shi strives for epic canvases relaying an intimate story .
If you can get past the Eurocentric focus , there are worse ways to pass the time than to see The Children of Huang Shi , if only because the glimpse into the time and place are captivating and the images are gorgeous .
Nothing in this film is subtle or unexpected , and even the hero 's several near-death experiences create no real tension
... an inspiring tale of a man answering a call to greatness even if he does n't fully understand why it 's fallen to him .
Xiaoding Zhao 's cinematography is splendid , Roger Spottiswoode 's direction is workmanlike .
Perhaps it would have been wise for the director , Roger Spottiswoode , to make more efficient use of Chow Yun-fat , who shows up now and then as a resistance fighter .
It is missing conviction .
Its anti-cynical faith in the value of altruism is encouraging .
History is never easy to capture in a fiction film , especially with a war in the background . But you have to at least try to embrace the whole of it , not just tear off a convenient chunk . Real life is inconvenient ; great movies still deal with it .
Unfortunately , like so many movies that celebrate a historical hero , Children is plagued by an overblown sense of its own importance .
The Children of Huang Shi is so desperate to be the Asian Schindler 's List , an example of atrocity draped in abject artistry , that it forgets to lay out the context .
... an affecting portrait and a strong story with a compelling backdrop , and Chinese cinematographer Xiaoding Zhao makes the gorgeous locations look magnificent .
The settings in remote China are wonderfully diverse as seen through Xiaoding Zhao 's lens , and the passionate and heartfelt saga unfolds beautifully , capturing our hearts .
Director Roger Spottiswoode captures some gorgeous Chinese scenery , much of which is chewed by Rhys Meyers ' histrionic performance .
Its wartime , period and regional production values are persuasive , the character is larger than life and the climax is sobering .
Frankly , we 'd much rather hear the stories of the orphans themselves .
The film 's closing credits ironically emphasize its dramatic shortcomings : Here we see the real , now-elderly children of Huang Shi , reflecting on their adventure . Their compelling recollections suggest that ... perhaps a documentary would 've been better .
The Children of Huang Shi is an old-fashioned story of courage and self-sacrifice in the face of war and deprivation . It 's also sappy , boring and obvious .
It 's a sturdy film , vivid if utterly workmanlike , that builds to a crescendo of personal sacrifice and misty noble uplift .
What should be a moving story is ruined by hideous acting and sloppy filmmaking .
The characters in The Children of Huang Shi can conquer famine , war , disease , natural disasters and addiction but not a truly horrible script .
If it does n't measure up to the label `` epic , '' it 's still an engaging account of one man 's journey through war and those circumstances that give meaning to the saying , `` Heroes are made , not born . ''
Audiences tolerant of clichéd uplift may dab their eyes , but demanding moviegoers will look elsewhere .
Ah , white people . What ca n't they do ?
A dull dramatization of -- and ill-fitting testament to -- British journalist George Hogg 's experiences in war torn China .
Clearly made with the best of intentions but never anything but boring .
The Children of Huang Shi means well and actually has a solid story at its core . But what Spottiswoode and company do to that good story is unforgivable .
There 's a feeling of skimming the surface of a true story that would be better served by being grittier or more challenging . As well , the narrative deserves more than an obvious and improbable love story between two good-looking movie stars .
It 's a compelling story , with only a few jarring notes .
Too intense for kids but just right for sentimental , strong-stomachs adults who are n't too fussy about accuracy .
The Children of Huang Shi is an engaging story and the film is beautiful to look at .
As predictable as it is picturesque , The Children of Huang Shi is one of those international co-productions full of good intentions and blandly polished results .
Director Roger Spottiswoode uses the children and action sequences to good effect , but a lack of chemistry between Rhys Meyers and Mitchell makes the love story fizzle .
Tells an engrossing story of a remarkable man , but nevertheless it 's underwhelming .
An ill-conceived weeper that just wo n't say die .
High-minded and good-looking , but plodding and emotionally rather shallow .
The best thing about Children is the cinematography by Zhao Xiaoding -LRB- Hero , House of Flying Daggers -RRB- , which is so distracting because it so out-classes the rest of the movie .
-LSB- Rhys-Meyers 's performance is -RSB- the perfect microcosm for the entire film : capable but bland .
With all the stories to be told about the war between Japan and China , it 's hard to believe that this one was the most compelling or most in need of telling .
You can be 100 percent in favor of rescuing adorable orphans from war-torn zones and still find The Children of Huang Shi a tough haul .
In alternating between an epic remove and a pro forma romance , The Children of Huang Shi stints on the messy middle ground , where the unscripted human element resides .
With its clunky dialog and wooden acting , the film never rises above being a gorgeous tableau .
There 's a documentary on this very subject that 's much better .
Period tale of real-life heroism does n't fully come to life .
Breathtaking photography , but Hollywood 's view of history as usual , no matter where on the planet , as mere backdrop for the personal lives of glamorous white people . Casablanca meets the white man 's burden , and does n't amount to a hill of beans .
It 's like Schindler 's List crossed with The Sound of Music , and Roger Spottiswoode directs it in a stiff , lifeless , utterly dated style of international squareness .
A TV movie in disguise .
Roger Spottiswoode directs with old-fashioned style , avoiding the saccharine with realistic depictions of a war-ravaged China -LRB- where he filmed -RRB- and a cast well versed in stiff-upper-lip .
It 's a polished , beautifully shot story , and it acknowledges the messiness of real life . But like real life , it 's often baffling and frustrating .
A gripping melodrama with great historical import that also manages to foreshadow the contemporary zeitgeist of our present day .
This film oozes saccharine self-importance to the point finding an honest emotion not covered in treacle is a virtual impossibility .
history as drivel , rebellion as Sunday-morning hangover
Like an eager frequent flyer , Western paternalism changes destinations but not its baggage .
Too much flat love interest , too much love triangle , and three stock-character grown-ups are in the end too much baggage for ` The Children of Huang Shi . '
It 's a heroic story , but one delivered in a ploddingly familiar fashion with beautiful actors doing their best to give their noble characters a trace of humanity . The film 's lack of emotional vibrancy is rather remarkable given the historical events .
Such an old school bore that you 'll be tempted to wonder if it 's actually satire played inexplicably straight .
Dares to explore the creativity and the courage that go into compassionate action during wartime deprivation and violence .
A tale as ploddingly familiar as it is good-looking and worth telling .
A film whose gorgeous cinematography and endearing subject matter almost mask its mediocrity .
A competent though formulaic wartime drama focusing on the young Chinese survivors of the Japanese invasion and how one Westerner went above and beyond to save them .
Chow actually gets saddled with the line , ` You have to tell the world what 's happening here , ' which was hoary back when D.W. Griffith was making movies .
If it does n't get your heart pounding with the thrill of cinematic discovery , that 's OK % u2014old-style craftsmanship like this is a heartwarming curio in this day and age .
Develops engagement only by the inspirational value of the historical subject -- not by the artificiality of the presentation .
Director Roger Spottiswoode 's skills for physical production outpace his ability to generate vitality and bring out the best in his actors .







@highlight

This beautifully photographed but dramatically flat war drama recounts an important chapter in history with little cinematic freshness .