This dark comedy includes scenes of kidnapping , torture , murder , and a kind of autopsy scene where Stalin 's brain is removed from his skull , yet it remains , essentially a comedy . Comedy is serious business .
If only the real world was , in fact , this tame in its political nonsense .
... in an era where villainy does in fact seem to keep prevailing , it 's satisfying to watch them stumble and scramble for our amusement , if only for a while .
Directed and co-written by Armando Iannucci -LRB- of In the Loop and Veep fame -RRB- , the film incorporates farce , wordplay , sight gags , and satire into one hilarious Molotov cocktail .
The movie veers into slapstick territory at times , as Iannucci continually takes the spark of a true story and sets it on comic fire .
This film 's grave , absurd , brilliant , and brutal historical context has a way of making the future look , if not hopeful , then at least familiar .
An incredibly funny film about a not-very-funny historical event .
a ruthless livewire comedy ... It tempts and teases the rigidly ideological portions of our minds to step into the light and laugh .
I only wish the -LRB- functional -RRB- realization was at the level of its -LRB- dazzling -RRB- performers . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Iannucci is at it again in his usual uproarious fashion , slinging gags like weapons and flinging devastating one-liners like Molotov cocktails .
It 's a gamble that pays off handsomely-this is far and away the funniest film of the year so far .
Iannucci takes some historical liberties , da , and super-compresses all the post-Stalin angling for power ... But the reverse-courses , doublespeak , and obfuscations are 1984-ish dystopia-politics at their bitter best .
Even if the motivations and events are n't always clear , the performances are often hilarious .
As I say , the movie has its moments . Just way fewer than expected and than many reviewers have promised .
Even those turned off by the very thought of watching anything political at this point in time will find themselves caught up in this clever political farce .
Comedy as dark as it gets , but a great cast and crew produce the laughs .
Nobody does mordant political vaudeville like Armando Iannucci . His touch is swift , sure and utterly poisonous .
The film manages to be both scabrously funny and bone chilling as it nails Stalinism 's absurdity and inhumanity .
Rousing slapstick political-comedy .
The funniest , smartest , most unforgiving comedy in years , and the best satiric film of the 2010s .
A world gone mad , shaped from fear , chaos , cronyism , toadyism and limitless corruption . It 's not the present day .
It may be savagely satirical but it 's not very funny .
A devastatingly funny dissection of power politics , stripping the mystique from it and those who worship it . Iannucci has done it again .
Comedy is not the obvious genre for dealing with a brutal autocrat who killed millions of his own people , but The Death of Stalin mostly works .
Maybe the movie does n't live up to the most lavish praise that 's been heaped on it , but there 's a certain grim pleasure to be had from seeing its knaves and fools stripped down to their essential , vulgar meanness ...
-LSB- We -RSB- laugh , and we get why we laugh , but everything about the humour is painfully uncomfortable .
Although it would be facile to compare modern politics to the horrors of Stalin 's purge , there is something queasily resonant about a movie depicting a country on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
-LSB- Steve -RSB- Buscemi is just brilliant as pragmatic Khrushchev .
The Death of Stalin is signature Iannucci - absurd set-ups leading to even more outrageous ends via the spitefully delicious cadence of his dialogue .
Iannucci 's fondness for chat does overwhelm certain scenes , but this is still ruthlessly funny , if not quite knockabout hilarious , which makes you wonder if something more subversive and satirical is going on .
In The Death of Stalin , you will find a political comedy so dark , the punchlines are all but blacked out . So be warned : while there is much to admire here , you may find little to be amused by .
`` Buscemi leads the cast valiantly in what are sharp comedic performances all around , guided by Iannucci 's most savage political satire to date . ''
Enormously witty dialogue ... the finest of ensembles , headed by Steve Buscemi , in the performance his entire career has been leading to ... something of a satirical masterpiece , and a bloody good history lesson to boot !
The Death of Stalin overcomes several obstacles to prove that it is both funny and cinematic .
Tales of the venal , the selfish , and the desperate , lurking -- when not preening -- in the halls of power .
Kind of like Veep with a hammer and sickle , smart , tart and daftly topical .
-LSB- Armando -RSB- Iannucci goes out of his way to really push the envelope to create some super memorable caricatures from living memory .
If satire is dying , then The Death of Stalin , the latest film from Scottish writer-director Armando Iannucci , is a defibrillator , shocking the genre back to life .
Death is the liveliest movie about brutal oppression I 've seen in a while -LRB- since 1995 's Underground , anyway -RRB- ; it 's funny as hell - then suddenly chilling - and it 's more audacious than just about anything else playing now .
The Death of Stalin is obviously a farce , in the best sense ; the primary aim is never verisimilitude . The film shares something of the attitude and atmosphere that pervades a work like Dario Fo 's .
The Death of Stalin manages to capture and contain a multitude of perspectives and players , both large and small , in its frames , while never losing sight of the very serious historic notes .
Do n't believe the hype . A far more intriguing , follow the money power struggle off screen instead , pitting corporate interests against the mass popular discontent of the downwardly mobile US population in progress . In other words , who funded your movie .
`` Veep '' creator Armando Iannucci and his remarkably comedic cast produce some very big laughs , particularly in the early going .
Iannucci made the bravura decision to make a factual film of that event dressed in the black robe of English satire at its darkest . Surely , there was no other intelligent way to bring the story to an audience 75 years after the event .
If you like your movies black , thought provoking and hilariously funny , you will adore this audacious , irreverent satire that delves deep into the bowels of Russian politics and picks off scabs .
`` The Death of Stalin '' is a deep farce , but it is rooted in enough political reality that it hardly feels sensationalized . And given the current state of politics , it 's as on-point as a breaking news alert .
While much of this is certainly hilarious , there are also scenes that drag .
The performances from Buscemi and Tambor have to be rated for their comic timing more than for historical nuance , and of the group , Beale stands out the most as he feels the walls of conspiracy closing in .
It 's cutting-edge political satire worthy of Russian dramatists Gogol or Bulgakov - farcical and frightening . Throat-cutting edge , you might say .
A timely satire for those moviegoers who are fine with taking the film at face value - as a silly ribbing of government corruption - and those who find comfort in comparing the nonsense on screen to America 's own political reality show .
Iannucci hits these Communists so hard , so often you 'll wish he 'd let up a little on these murderous comrades .
... offers the chance to observe a world ruled by absurdity from a safe distance ...
Once again , if you know how Iannucci works , you can expect Stalin to be as hilariously foul-mouthed as his previous works .
I ca n't think of another movie exactly like The Death of Stalin , which is part of the reason this movie feels so unsettlingly original .
The Death of Stalin is actually a lot like Veep , except with gulags and executions .
If the mixture of brutality and wackiness does n't always gel , Iannucci earns points for audacity alone . Any movie that 's been banned in Putin 's Russia is worth seeing ,
Like the '60s British political comedies it resembles , The Death of Stalin may be too clever , too mordant . But it does have tang , Tom Stoppard-like wordplay and some big and surprising laughs .
It 's often raucously hilarious , neatly crafted , sometimes visually striking , packed with excellent performances and abrasively profane dialogue . Most significant of all , it 's true .
Director and co-writer Armando Iannucci puts it all on black -LRB- comedy -RRB- , betting that the vast discrepancy between great power and small souls will make you laugh at the absurdity of it all - or at least not scream in horror .
`` The Death of Stalin '' should please moviegoers who appreciate humor that 's significantly more sophisticated than we 've become accustomed to encountering on the big screen these days .
`` The Death of Stalin '' makes real-life horrors the source of hilarity - and it is hilarious - while never making light of the insanity that inspired it .
For Iannucci , who loves to mock the craven , unprincipled pursuit of power , the scenario is an antic delight and plays to his talent for hectic plot turns and -LRB- pardon the expression -RRB- rapid-fire dialogue .
What better material to employ so many fine comic actors , masters all of the anxious flutter , the pained smirk and the deftly parried bon mot ? You do n't need to know a lot about mid-century Soviet politics to thoroughly enjoy this film
Blend The West Wing with Fawlty Towers and add a smidge of Dr. Strangelove , and you 're getting close to the feel of The Death of Stalin .
The hint that he and the writers are dropping is that if we can guffaw at these monsters , we can deal with anything . See The Death of Stalin and face the future unafraid .
They sit around kibitzing and laughing , with one eye on Stalin to ensure that they have n't crossed some line that will have them and their families shot at dawn .
This is a film about monsters , yet Iannuci successfully turns these monsters into the pathetic miscreants they were . Much strength can be found in that .
Labors inside the sort of buffoonery that Burn After Reading achieved with much more cohesive performances and comic richness .
Armando Iannucci explores how people in lofty offices do n't have to be evil geniuses to cause irreparable harm ... Iannucci skillfully manages to poke fun at pettiness while never losing track of how horrific Soviet purges were .
Iannucci did not intend The Death of Stalin to be a direct commentary on the Trump presidency , and it should not be taken as one . But as they say : First time tragedy , second time farce .
This is n't just a picture about the state of the Soviet Union in March 1953 ; it 's very much about today .
The Death of Stalin is Iannucci 's most complex and almost nihilistic rendering of what politics is :
In The Death of Stalin , Iannucci brings his sharp ear for political doublespeak and workplace absurdity to the days after the demise of the notorious Soviet dictator ... It 's Iannucci 's best work yet , although it might not be his funniest .
Iannucci has taken a gamble with this movie , and that gamble has paid off handsomely . A tale of mortal sins as well as venial ones , The Death of Stalin adds modern urgency to his comic storytelling trademarks .
From start to finish , director/co-writer Armando Iannucci -LRB- creator of HBO 's brilliant Veep -RRB- delivers an audacious and insightful and ridiculous and hilarious send-up that reminded me of the classic Monty Python films of the 1970s and 1980s .
... apart from Iannucci 's own In The Loop , there 's not much in recent English language cinema to even compare it to . Very recommended .
The actors give top-rate , impressively in-character performances .
There 's a universality to the humor that will reach even those with only a vague knowledge of who Stalin was .
The central conceit of The Death of Stalin is that what is funny is not always just funny . In this sense , the film is closer in spirit to Dr. Strangelove than , say Mel Brooks 's The Producers .
Amusing but broad , Marxism meets Mark Bros. take on last days of dictator from Veep 's Armando Ianucci .
` The Death of Stalin ' may sound daunting , but poking at a dead dictator has n't been this much fun since the days of Chaplin and the Marx Brothers .
An often interminable misfire ...
Comes close to perfectly balancing comedy and savagery .
There is something revelatory about transporting the bureaucratic machinations featured in Iannucci 's previous work to the gulag archipelago that was Soviet Russia .
The film is ruthless in its dissection of these people ...
Armando Iannucci 's satire is blisteringly on point and delightfully scathing
This is satirical history that invites prophecy - imagine a future Trump Administration version .
It 's some of the darkest humor you 'll see on the big screen this year .
Iannucci may have turned Nury 's somber novel into something of a goof , but he also takes a more complex view of Beria ... Death of Stalin is a priceless political satir but what 's really impressive is how hard it tries to fit Beria 's story into the puzzle .
If it 's a romp , then it 's a romp that does what anything on this topic must do : leave audiences a little rattled , with a hint of ashes in the mouth .
Vladimir Putin 's Ministry of Culture ministry has banned `` The Death of Stalin '' from being shown in Russia . There can be no greater praise .
The Soviet Union may be no more , but we can still laugh about the bad old days .
If you thought Armando Iannucci 's takes on modern British and American politics were entertaining , just wait till you get a load of this hilarious and horrifying spin on a key moment in Russian history .
Veep creator Armando Iannucci directs this bumbling display with consistently biting wit that does n't venture too far into farce to be taken credibly .
`` The Death of Stalin '' is a weird sort of hilarious , in that you easily might not laugh for minutes at a time . Instead of one big pie in the face , doled out at intervals , the movie presents an unending series of comic jabs ...
The Death of Stalin never mocks historical horrors . Instead , the broadness , the outrageousness , with which it dramatizes the banality of evil - and bureaucracy , too - is what makes it so very chilling .
Sight gags and slapstick erupt from a pervasive atmosphere of dread and terror .
It is a propitious material for the most incisive humor , for its sociopolitical core ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While its shtick runs out a bit sooner than its runtime does , The Death of Stalin milks the sick irony of its setting for all it 's worth .
Contributing to the theatre-of-the-absurdism , there are no phony accents . Which means we get Steve Buscemi as Nikita Khrushchev sounding exactly like Steve Buscemi . It suggests craven self-interest is universal and not just a `` Russian thing . ''
... the blackest of humor . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's funny ; ten times funnier , by my reckoning , than it has any right to be , and more riddled with risk than anything that Iannucci has done before , because it dares to meet outrage with outrage .
Historically speaking , you might say the dossier has been sexed up but I totally wallowed in the thing like a pig in muck ...
Satire or farce , it misses the mark showing murderous , heartless brutes as akin to Keystone Kops . If they want to use real people and real names and real events , tell the real story . Chaplin changed everything but you knew it was Hitler . That 's farce
... a hilarious political satire that uses its titular event as the launching pad for a revisionist romp with subtle contemporary resonance .
Language , violence in amazing , absurd historical comedy .
High-stakes politics , small-minded men : It 's a sweet spot for filmmaker Armando Iannucci .
When it comes to contemporary crafters of political satire , Armando Iannucci exists in an exalted realm all his own .
It 's a rich ensemble with varying accents , from Cockney to American , and uniform comic brilliance , including Michael Palin as Molotov , Jeffrey Tambor as Malenkov and Jason Isaacs as Zhukov .
In `` The Death of Stalin , '' a rambling , messy , fascinating film , the laughs come with a poisonous sting .
Morbidly hilarious . And a great reminder why all right thinking Americans hate these bastards .
It never asks us to laugh at cruelty ; it does make us laugh at the absurd pettiness and ultimate small-mindedness of the men perpetrating that cruelty . And Iannucci is a superb ringmaster .
The Death of Stalin is a breath of fresh air and a genuinely great screen comedy . Iannucci conducts the proceedings like the conductor of a great orchestra with an array of virtuosos at his command .
A breathtakingly dark comedy of errors with petty sniping and profane insults , cheerfully mining laughs from ghastly true events .
Though The Death of Stalin is a one-joke movie about how plotting and pandemonium invariably pour into a leadership vacuum , it 's a deadly serious joke that we 'd do well to attend to .
The script feels like a great writers-room comedy , where only the leanest and meanest bits stay , and the most startling and intriguing ideas persist .
The chaos is darkly hilarious ...
Steve Buscemi , Simon Russell Beale , Michael Palin , Jeffrey Tambor and Jason Isaacs create a formidable and selfless comedic quintet , while Iannucci 's unyielding script and direction constantly stirs , twists and builds without ever overwhelming .
Even played for comedy , the conditions surrounding , the characters affected by , and the succession struggle that followed Stalin 's death are so rich in human drama as to be potentially Shakespearean .
As long as The Death of Stalin is sticking it to the hypocrites in the Kremlin-mocking their vanity , pride , and other deadly sins-it 's got the righteous riotousness of its creator 's best work .
It is n't history but free-range fiction , a venomous farce containing nuggets of fact , and if its subjects bear any resemblance to present-day dictators and authoritarian mugs or thugs around the world , then the movie has hit its archetypal target .
a deft achievement , the telling of a treacherous historical event with the comedic chaos of the Marx Brothers and abrupt physical farce of the Three Stooges .
`` The Death of Stalin '' is by turns entertaining and unsettling , with laughs that morph into gasps and uneasy gasps that erupt into queasy , choking laughs .
If anyone has a gift for ferreting out the `` petty '' in petty tyranny , it 's Veep creator Armando Iannucci .
Thankfully , `` Stalin '' does n't tucker out completely , and Iannucci 's vision stretches without snapping , managing to make a biting but silly comedy out of political anxiety behind the Iron Curtain .
This is a comedy of terrors that creates laughs but does n't let you forget that Stalin and his coterie caused the deaths of untold numbers of Soviet citizens .
As Stanley Kubrick did with Dr. Strangelove , Iannucci has built a satire not by twisting the truth but by nudging reality just a few inches further in the direction it was already going .
The Death of Stalin brings Iannucci 's love for political satire to a period in history that nobody could have expected .
It takes some time to adjust to the mix of silly , peevish bureaucrats and the serious atrocities they inflict . But that 's the beauty of the thing .
Not since Ernst Lubitsch 's To Be or Not to Be has there been a movie satire as audacious as Armando Iannucci 's The Death of Stalin .
Armando Iannucci 's hilarious , profane satire about politburos pole-positioning for power could not be more timely . It 's the funniest , fiercest comedy of the year .
I admired its daring and its ambition , but though it 's well worth your time , it does n't entirely come off .
There 's an irony here : In the interest of dramatic expediency , Iannucci has made the power players of The Death Of Stalin look more competent and more decisive than their real counterparts .
... we can expect great work from the director -LSB- Armando Iannucci -RSB- in his major specialty : the ingenious insult ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is still a fascinating , engaging , and tongue-in-cheek look at one of the most chaotic of political times and the final moments of one of the most ruthless dictators the world has ever known .
... pedestrian pulling humor . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I enjoyed this so much that I screened it twice , back-to-back .
Armando Iannucci satirizes the manner in which political power is accorded to those who can mask cutthroat ambition behind an outward projection of bland inoffensiveness .
There 's much to satirize about the struggle for power in the Kremlin after Stalin 's death , but this juvenile , overly-broad comedy does not rise to the level of parody .
What luck we 've had that Armando Iannucci was in charge of bringing this book to the screen . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This goofy cinematic vantage on the petty jealousies , backstabbing , and political maneuvering of Russia 's Central Committee gives its audience a not so unrealistic sense of how politicians operate regardless of their country of origin .
`` The Death of Stalin '' is a wickedly funny , pointedly scathing satire of corrupt power run amok .
... some genuinely hilarious set ups and a nice mixture of farce and other styles of comedy .
There 's real horror in it too at times ... It 's a risk , where it could 've been guilty of overreaching , but there 's a chaotic tone here established into which it all fits quite snugly .
Kudos are deserved everywhere for a well-written , beautifully played and offbeat piece of re-imagined history that 's always funny despite humour sometimes stemming from a distinct sense of unease .
... a little gem of black humor and historical revision . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A dark , hilarious tour de force .
This dark and absurdist comedy is hugely enjoyable ; but when it comes to authoritarian regimes , some more tragedy might have felt more affecting .
The Death of Staling feels like a play , but does n't feel like watching one . It feels like being in one , and it 's a raucous , hilarious , hard-hitting play at that .
A film that rides the line between irreverence and farce without trivialising the plight of the victims .
Playing it straight is the secret . Turn down the volume and the picture would resemble any costume drama . Crank it back up again and the air becomes saltier than the Seregovo mine .
Audacious , outrageous , bleakly funny . Not since Charlie Chaplin sent up Hitler and invited us to laugh at terrible reality has there been a movie like this .
Jeffrey Tambor is perfect as the lugubrious Malenkov , and Beale oozes malice as Stalin 's sadistic henchman Beria . And what a masterstroke it was to cast Steve Buscemi as Khrushchev .
An impressive-looking and well-acted production that allows Jason Isaacs , as Field Marshal Zhukov , to show off his little-known talent for comedy , and which should see the genuinely brilliant Beale land a generous hatful of award nominations .
Taken on its own terms , the movie is so enjoyable that niggles can easily be set aside . Above all , it 's rich in good performances .
A comprehensive rebuttal to those who say comedy can not be fashioned from the most miserable circumstance .
In a rather weak year for big screen comedy , The Death of Stalin can easily stake a claim as the year 's funniest film .
Just because The Death of Stalin is not Iannucci 's funniest or most consistent work does not mean it 's a total letdown .
A frighteningly funny satire that finds humour in historical horror . Watch and feel better about the world .
The tone ends up being oddly serious , the comedy bleak rather than black , and the final product is somehow both more sombre and less caustic than Iannucci 's sharpest , silliest work .
Actual quantities of laughter are diluted by the difficult satiric point , but the acting and the farce 's whirring clockwork occupy you anyway .
The film is uproariously funny but painfully close to the bone in a world where once again the lunatics have taken over the asylum .
For all his dream-team cast and assured direction , despite capturing the laughable sycophancy of the apparatchik the film is n't that funny .
The film is savagely , often uproariously , comic but the laughter freezes on your lips as you question if something this horrible can ever be truly funny .
... punchy , raucous , savagely smart screen comedy ...
It makes Stalin and his gang look as absurd as they were abominable , which ca n't be a bad thing .
Comedy of the year by a country mile .
Generally , though , The Death of Stalin is an entertaining and often funny film , the tone of which will be familiar , if not wholly so , to fans of Iannucci 's excellent previous work .
This is not Iannucci 's best work , but as Iannucci on a bad day is better than most on a good day , and there are brilliant moments , and you just ca n't argue with Simon Russell Beale -- in anything -- it 's not nearly two hours wasted .
Witty and scarily pertinent to almost any organisation , The Death Of Stalin is so brilliant it 's a privilege to watch it .
Darker and more violent than Iannucci 's previous work , this is a brilliantly acted and very funny black comedy underscored with a jolt of genuine horror .
Depending on your point of view , The Death of Stalin is either a sly , wintry satire on Armando Iannucci 's usual theme of squawking political idiocy , or an insidious attempt to destabilise the Russian establishment with relentless dagger-blows .
Iannucci 's version of events may be well researched but it still gives us a very British , very witty but facetious version of a dark story which might have been better told by an insider .
... Armando Iannucci 's passable screwball comedy which might aspire to satire but actually is n't so .
An audacious comedy of horrors , the film has the feel of a bad dream you find yourself not wanting to wake up from .
A riotous farce of doublespeak and plotting laced with moments of bitumen-black horror .
Make sure you pay your respects to the funniest film of 2017 , as Monty Python meets TV 's The Thick of It in this outrageous and brilliant historical satirical farce .
Taken strictly as a workout in elastic ensemble performance and rapid-fire verbal pugilism , The Death of Stalin is consistently entertaining . But enjoying Iannucci 's film means depoliticizing the source material .
Mixes hard shocks and big laughs to often dazzling effect .
A film as riotously funny as it is alarmingly pertinent .
This is classic comedy gold , in many ways reminiscent of the old Monty Python show sketches skewering politicians , but with a slightly more serious spin .
Armando Iannucci pulls off a balancing act that 's more remarkable the more you think about it : this is a movie that 's both mercilessly grim and uproariously funny .
The Death of Stalin is full of pithy one-liners and cringe-inducing power struggles laced with black humor .
Surreal , intriguing and strangely affecting , The Death of Stalin is simultaneously familiar and totally different to anything Armando Iannucci has done before .
-LSB- Armando -RSB- Iannucci has never turned in a film that looks this ravishing , which serves as an interesting juxtaposition with all the top-shelf cruelty on display .
Heaps of praise will be deservedly lumped onto the core cast members , but some of the movie 's sharpest moments come from the supporting cast .
The Death of Stalin is a scathingly funny satire about power-mad nerds and bumbling bureaucrats that could only come from Armando Iannucci .
This may be Iannucci 's weakest-written film , but it 's by far his best-directed one .
For those who 've enjoyed Armando Iannucci 's latter day career as the driving force behind The Thick Of It and Veep , The Death Of Stalin reassuringly offers more of the same .
As perfectly conducted as the orchestra performances that open and close the film , The Death Of Stalin zips along merrily as alliances are formed , plots are hatched and lives are destroyed .
The Death of Stalin is Iannucci 's most complex and almost nihilistic rendering of what politics is : A team of bumbling and weak-minded people who lack any real conviction other than a desire for power and position .
Iannucci masterfully blends dark humour about an authoritarian regime and farcical comedy performed with perfect timing .
Its application of -LSB- Iannucci 's -RSB- signature barbed comic voice to such grim history -LRB- executions are a constant source of gallows humor -RRB- packs its own punch .
A delicious black comedy ...
It will more than satisfy Iannucci 's fans at arthouses ; here 's hoping we do n't have to wait another eight years to see the director 's next film .
The Death of Stalin marks the first instance in which Iannucci has applied his style to real-life figures , and it 's as though he has crafted a historical foundation for the rest of his work .
Master satirist Armando Iannucci 's new film is ostensibly a comedy , but the laughs do n't come easy and the jokes are often laced with malice and paranoia .
There is one thing that power ca n't stand , and that is to be mocked : The social importance of this topical romp should not be underestimated .
An occasionally funny , often straight-faced film about a cruel leader 's cronies and how self-interest does n't stall for death .
A raunchy , hilarious history lesson .
Although the laughs do n't come as frequently as In the Loop or Veep , The Death of Stalin is still consistently funny and delightfully mean-spirited .
Iannucci 's brand of political satire is applied to one of the darkest chapters in modern history , with sensational results .
n our age of real life self-mocking , opinionated hogwash , the surrealist/satirist Iannucci has , with The Death of Stalin , once again nailed it .
Armando Iannucci , always a sharp observer of the complex motivations that fuel political behavior , does n't miss a beat .
As lurid as dark comedies go , The Death of Stalin is one of the year 's most outrageously fun and provocative films .
The Death Of Stalin is superbly cast , and acted with icy and ruthless force by an A-list lineup . There are no weak links . Each has a plum role ; each squeezes every gorgeous horrible drop .
If only the end result were as funny as the idea that anyone would undertake a film about the turmoil surrounding the Soviet despot 's demise .

@highlight

The Death of Stalin finds director/co-writer Arnando Iannucci in riotous form , bringing his scabrous political humor to bear on a chapter in history with painfully timely parallels .