This movie plays like the classic Smurfs ... It feels like the true , blue Smufs . Even all the subtle things look how they were drawn in the original and the comics .
If only the filmmakers decided to be more ambitious and plant a few things for older family members to enjoy ... or work with a familiar narrative framework so part of the fun is watching the variation unfold .
While the movie has more in common with the eighties animated television series , it disappointingly turns into more of a conventional journey than where it begins .
You may just zone out in this very ordinary story that has very little to offer adults .
It 's strange as can be but slightly more fun than it sounds .
The movie made me realise how much I miss the childlike innocence of cartoon characters .
All I know is that I can not complain this time about a Smurf movie being a vehicle for misogyny or a direct highway to the toy store . On the other hand , the whole franchise is product placement .
It 's more suited to a rental than a big-screen viewing .
`` This is a movie that kids will like more than their parents that grew up on the Smurfs . The nostalgia is there , just wrapped with a modern twist . It 's still worth Smurfing your way to theaters to see all the Smurftasic fun . ''
There 's little here for accompanying parents or older siblings . And the film never does figure out what the smurfing point of Smurfette is .
The digital animation is bland , the use of 3D ineffective , and the gags largely an endurance . The background music score is sappy .
Smurfs : The Lost Village resets the film franchise , but the movie -- despite some nice insight about Smurfette -- feels more made-for-TV than worthy of a 3D upcharge .
Remember this , moviegoers : You deserve better than the Smurfs .
A fully animated and partially boring film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kids will love it . Adults ? Not much . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While kids may enjoy it , adults who have no interest in the finer points of animation technique may find it very difficult to sit through .
The decision to do Smurfs : The Lost Village without any live-action sequences was a smart one . Solely utilizing computer animation feels like a much better fit for the material .
Let 's just say that girl power is not lacking , as it usually is in these Peyo-inspired stories .
A decent film that will entertain all family members . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It still features a talented cast and professional production , but a half-baked theme and low-conflict plot leave the movie feeling bland and forgettable , as hard to distinguish as its primary characters .
The Lost Village is standard , kid-friendly entertainment , but it succeeds at bringing the colorful Smurfs universe to playfully-animated life .
What drives some , possibly most , of the positive response to the `` Smurfs : The Lost Village '' is its non-sequel status , doing away with the flatness of the other features to become a true cartoon .
Smurfs : The Lost Village is easy to sit through , and I know I 'm repeating myself here but , once again , young children are likely going to be delighted with the film in ways they never were with either of its live action ancestors .
The performances by each of the actors are touching and funny enough in their own right , but the motivations of all of the characters , apart from Smurfette , feel as recycled and cliche as humanly imaginable .
Smurfs : The Lost Village undercuts its central plot by suggesting that Smurfette 's identity is n't about her self-discoveries as much as how the male Smurfs perceive her .
It 's a candy-coated sugar rush , though its mind-numbing repetitiveness -LRB- and haphazardly-written screenplay -RRB- will likely test even the most patient parent .
They blue it .
Despite its stunning backdrops and inspired new designs , Smurfs : The Lost Village is a smurfing waste of time . The only thing bluer than the main characters are the poor saps who pay to see this manic drivel .
Smurfs : The Lost Village has Smurfette facing an existential crisis . It will put a smile on youngsters faces , the parents not as much .
Smurfs adventure has girl-power message , some peril .
Last year 's `` Trolls '' was dissed as a cheap `` Smurfs '' knockoff , but , honestly , the trolls had rich inner lives compared to these little blue guys . And the Trolls come in different colors , too .
Smurfette 's existential journey will probably fly over the heads of the film 's target demo of 7-year-old kids , but they 'll likely find this totally animated Smurfs movie far more enjoyable than the previous two .
Serving as a fantastic introduction to a familiar property , the film serves new and old fans alike , while also challenging that world to be something more expansive .
The acknowledgment that it is aiming solely for the kiddie audience this time around at least makes it slightly more palatable than its predecessors .
I think it 's great that people churn out movies and TV shows to entertain younger kids , but even those such viewers really deserve something better than this . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Scenes , etc. - also Available -RRB-
There are plenty of ambitious set pieces boasting visual ingenuity , and the witty , perceptive script includes well-constructed subtext and lessons about breaking free from patriarchal norms and the benefits of learning about different cultures .
The Smurfs began as drawings and animation so they can live here . That does n't mean they have to be one dimensional .
A star-studded voice cast ca n't do much to improve the sluggish Smurfs : The Lost Village , another tale that will leave fans of the globally loved forest folk feeling a little blue .
Whimsically imagined and a lot of fun .
The result is a harmless , fun and largely forgettable film that will keep the littlies happy these holidays .
The film does n't even feature the Smurfs ' la-laaaa-la-la-la-la theme song , which is one more reason to like it .
The Smurfs might keep the little cherubs diverted for an hour and a half , but only if they 're not too discerning .
The film 's not Smurfless but it 's not as Smurftastic as it should have been .
Asbury sticks to the basics , with obvious Saturday morning-style fare based on groaners and pratfalls about the earnest little creatures with self-defining names like Nosey , Grouchy and Jokey .
This is sham feminism in the first degree no matter how colorful the animator 's palette or how cool fire-breathing dragonflies are in 3-D .
Young children will be entertained , but for the rest of the audience , pretty colors just are n't enough .
The rare modern kids movie that offers absolutely nothing to anyone over the age of five .
You feel a little bad for the writers and animators , who clearly put in some hard work . But they did n't work hard enough to ensure the kids watching it would n't mostly forget it , as you mostly forgot the show .
Most people would be better off sticking with `` Teletubbies . ''
It veers sharply away from the abominable union of animation and live action and the resulting juvenile humor that made the first two films so unpleasant , and aims its jokes and joys at a younger audience .
If The Lost Village were a Smurf , it would n't be Brainy . It would be Jokey , the one who gets his jollies with the same exploding-present prank over and over and over .
It never digs very deep into its characters or its themes . Still , it 's always encouraging to see a children 's movie that actually tries to say something to its viewers .
Setting a quick montage to Eiffel 65 's dance hit `` Blue -LRB- Da Ba Dee -RRB- '' might be the most inspired touch of all .
The finest film ever made about the Smurfs .
Here 's a two-fisted shero prepared to prove , in convincing fashion , that a girl can grow up to be anything she wants to be . A priceless primer for impressionable tykes !
Little kids will probably laugh . Parents will count down the minutes until it 's over .
It 's still fun , peppy and fluorescent enough for its target under-7 audience . And this one comes with a heavy dose of girl power .
At best , it 's an adequate cinematic babysitter . That said , few parents will have any residual anger for spending the money .
Young kids will like the movie well enough , but they 'll like it just well when it 's free on HBO in a year . Twelve bucks for this weak pablum ? Smurf that .
Harmless , family-friendly school holiday entertainment aimed at younger audiences .
This is the Smurfs ' first fully animated CGI outing . It is not only respectful of the source material , but also charmingly pretty in parts .
Another trip into the Belgian blue hell
As for the voice talent , Homeland 's Mandy Patinkin is the standout , as Papa Smurf -- his warm tones are perfect to play the aged patriarchal figure .
Moana writer Pamela Ribon gives the brand a spring clean while keeping its very young target audience in mind .
A film that is antiquated , predictable and inane . Smurf blue has become an outdated color . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is very much about the whole `` Smurfette Syndrome '' thing ...
Smurfs : The Lost Village is content to be the sort of film parents can throw on an iPad to ensure 90 minutes ' worth of relative peace and quiet away from their antic children .
Smurfs : The Lost Village is a jolly all-animation outing for the thumb-sized blue creatures ; the previous two films combined live-action and animation .
A product of a far less interesting time , there simply is no necessity for Smurfs anymore . Instead , Sony Animations continue to prove they 're one of the worst modern animation studios producing films today .
An adventure crammed with junky slapstick and garish animation that seems to believe it is feminist , but only doubles down on Smurfily regressive notions of gender .
Fans of smurfiness may well like it , and Gargamel gets some nice lines , but I have to say that both script and animation seemed are entirely predictable , as if generated by some computer software .
Is n't quite as mind-numbingly awful as the last two -LRB- bafflingly successful -RRB- live-action movies from a few years ago .
Those little blue men in poky hats and long white underwear are back in a garish , irritating shoutfest .
Fast-paced , colourful and fashionably girl-powered fun that , while treading no new territory , is perfect entertainment for younger kids .
Colourful settings and fantastical beasts might appeal to young ones but the bland plot and awful puns make this an ordeal for grown-ups .
If you know what Smurfs are , you 've only got yourself to blame .
It 's serviceable and bland .
Even if this was n't the third Smurfs movie from Sony in seven years , it would feel uninspired , with a first-base plot and nondescript animation .
Whatever I was expecting from the latest Smurf movie , it was n't a sophisticated work of revisionist fan-fiction centred on the controversial figure of Smurfette .
The storytelling style here is far less zany and irreverent than in the typical Pixar film or Lego Movie . The voice cast is intriguing enough but a certain soppy blandness comes with the territory .
That lost village is n't the only thing that goes astray in the ungainly return of Belgian artist Peyo 's little blue critters .
Never . Smurfing . Again .
A mediocre effort that nonetheless succeeds in its main goal of keeping its blue characters alive for future merchandising purposes .
It 's a pure digital fantasy , with elegant and tactile animation , so it 's more true to the Smurf spirit , and should perform solidly .
It 's significant that two female writers have taken a character who 's mainly just existed to be cute and seductive and turned her into a full-fledged member of this universe .

@highlight

Smurfs : The Lost Village may satisfy very young viewers and hardcore Smurfaholics , but its predictable story and bland animation continue the franchise 's recent mediocre streak .