This film has steam but it generates no heat .
The rendering of the characters and backgrounds is so rich and precise , that at times , it skirts into the third dimension .
Animated film is too violent for younger kids .
Works more than it fails .
The film 's extended debates on the ethics of science , government and personal responsibility would recommend it to critics of a medium that too often panders to audiences .
Visually impressive , but I thought it was never going to end .
It may be one of the most expensive anime features ever , but there is n't a wealth of entertainment on offer in Steamboy .
It 's a sensationally designed piece of work .
In the movies , action does n't necessarily equal a reaction .
... techno-fetishism at it 's worst .
Its problem is not a lack of things to look at . There 's plenty of them , and they 're all cool . It 's just that , in this world of clanking , hissing machines , even the people seem like robots .
The movie never transcended its elaborate production work to achieve an independent reality . It 's simply pictures of what never happened .
While Steamboy lacks the emotional resonance and psychological complexity of Akira , it is state-of-the-art anime made by one of the masters .
When massive bursts of steam are frozen into giant flowers of jagged ice , Otomo gives us a literal Cold War , to remind us of the folly of the arms race .
I 'm all for anime getting wider release here domestically , but not if it 's top heavy with the Explodo and half-baked philosophy .
... for a fun drinking game , take a sip every time steam loudly hisses out of something
No matter how big and impressive , all of this pales in comparison to the human soul , which this film simply does not have .
I would have preferred less moralizing and more character development .
Until it careers into cacophony ... it 's a lot of fun .
A lot of chore for a tiny bit of reward .
The talky debate over scientific morality is simplistic to say the least , but there is a sneaky undercurrent of social satire and a retro glory to the animation ...
Exhausting ... While -LSB- Otomo 's -RSB- return from the wilderness is certainly cause for celebration , it 's hard not to wish that he had spent a little more time tightening things up .
Masculine brooding -LSB- fuels -RSB- Steamboy , with its monolithic , steam-spewing tower , powered by balls , constantly rumbling out of control .
Though it falls short of the crossover standard set by Hayao Miyazaki 's Oscar-winning Spirited Away , the attempt is far too accomplished and inventive to dismiss .
Steamboy , ultimately , shares deep-seated themes with the futuristic Akira . Both offer cautionary tales about scientific responsibility and the evils of war . And both look pretty cool , too .
Character development and story line , unfortunately , evaporated during the decade of this film 's production .
With its stunning visuals , exciting set pieces and larger-than-life characters , Steamboy often succeeds as a ripping good yarn -- but only in fits and starts .
You 'll see things in this film you have never seen anywhere else .
The result is a welcome and exhilarating steam-powered flight of fancy .
When the `` steam castle '' morphs into a Spielbergian mother ship , I knew that Otomo 's overheated fantasy had , yes , run out of steam .
Steamboy is breathtakingly detailed and ambitious beyond anything I have ever seen in the realm of animation . But the chase goes on much too long , and Ray and Scarlett are never still long enough to develop any inner resonance or romantic rapport .
Despite its wild dreams , it becomes just another rusty piece of animated machinery , going through the motions somewhat mechanically .
Storytelling and philosophy do n't measure up , leaving only audio and visuals to entertain
It 's nifty to behold , but about the only drama in Steamboy lies in waiting for this colossal hovering machine-monster to blow a gasket .
In spite of ... obvious and unfortunate flaws , if you 're going to see Steamboy do so on the big screen so as to be reminded of the marvels of hand-drawn animation
By being less talky , Steamboy could 've achieved a surreal , dreamlike narrative flow instead of a lurching , unsteady one .
Like cinematic Pop Rocks : it 's eye candy filled with explosion after explosion after explosion .
As ever , Otomo 's attention to the most minute details of setting and character are beyond reproach .
Visually , the movie is a gearhead 's fever dream , a mesmerizing fantasy rooted in the industrial revolution , combining traditional animation and computer effects .
This refreshing and enjoyable alternate history anime film packs quite a lot of action and adventure in one film .
The sci-fi wonders ... are truly marvelous and go a long way toward making up for the film 's erratic pacing .
Feels as needlessly over-engineered as the movie 's own city-demolishing retro-futuristic hardware .
A fine example of how anime uniquely contributes to world cinema .
The ` wow ' factor in Steamboy 's visual energy is powerful enough to enthrall everybody 's inner 12-year-old .
A profoundly silly exercise in adolescent excess .
Loaded with eye candy , though it lacks the sophisticated storytelling and character development of Japanese director Katushiro Otomo 's classic Akira .
The weak story and bland hero are no match for the increasingly exciting visuals , while the score by Steve Jablonsky should be on exhibit in the Hall of Lead .
Never really pops its rivets except in several thrilling action sequences , but the sharp imagery and inventive technology make it worthwhile for animation fans .
I gave up trying to make sense of any of this at around the halfway mark , but I never stopped marveling at the ever more baroque spectacle that Otomo 's teams of hand - and computer-animators have lovingly , obsessively created .
There are moments when dialogue , action and the dramatic music by Steve Jablonsky interlock .
Its action could n't have been much more thrilling if done entirely by computer or shot in costly live-action .
It 's a roller-coaster action film that thunders along with top-notch set pieces and studiously researched period settings .
By mixing explosions with discourses on the limitations of science , Ôtomo has created an action film that 's really smart .
This is just too little invention , too much hot air .
An exciting adventure film with handsome , state-of-the-art animation .
The visionary backgrounds are far more interesting than the story or the characters .
Sometimes a rousing action movie , and always a visual delight .
There may be possibilities here , but they 're lost in the extraordinary boredom of a long third act devoted almost entirely to loud , pointless and repetitive action .
Often immensely thrilling in the most elemental ways , even in a US-release cut that 's 23 minutes shorter than the Japanese original .
Ôtomo is a good enough storyteller to keep ` Steamboy ' from overheating .
Otomo 's artwork and the super-sized action sequences are spectacular . Alas , the sparse storyline and hot-air dialogue turn Steamboy into an insubstantial movie . ***
A highly entertaining ride , but the visuals are just about the only thing that 's truly fresh about it .
The end credits play over a series of still drawings of Ray and the steamball 's further adventures and EVERY SINGLE ONE of them looks more interesting than the movie .
It serves -- it 's charming and inventive enough -- but greatness consistently eludes it .
Jules Verne would appreciate all the flourishes of ... Industrial Revolution gingerbread ... But no amount of cool visuals can make up for the thin plot and weak characters .
An exhilarating action film , a stunning and singular work from one of the best animation directors in the world .
Otomo 's film is highly inventive , refreshingly epic in scope , and the English voice cast fits strongly with the characters .
In this mind-bending , elaborate anime , the industrial era is reimagined as a time of steam-powered aggression .
A feast for the eyes and a thrillingly brazen transposition of the high-tech on the old-fashioned , fueled by a dose of what-if historical fantasy .
frustrating , challenging the imagination with pure spectacle but failing to supply a clear road map to follow .
Otomo outdoes his Akira with this cinematic feast .
Though Steamboy could have been smarter and more dramatically engineered , this razzle-dazzle ride wo n't disappoint if you just need to blow off a little you-know-what .
Offers stunning background art but characters that are drab ... with apologies to Jude Law , just call this ` Private Pipsqueak and the World of Yesterday . '
The movie 's true genius lies in the exquisite animation , a blend of hand-drawn and state-of - the-art digital technology that suggests an old world being bullied into a new one .
The visuals are nothing short of stunning .
As per usual in animated films from Japan , the backdrops are triumphs of imagination and architecture , but , as is not always the case , Steamboy has a dandy story .
With pipes groaning , gaskets warping , rivets failing . steam jetting and boilers overheating in every direction , it looks like a giant set of inverted bagpipes . One thing is for sure : If I were a plumber , Steamboy would be my favorite movie ever .
Though visually stunning , suffered from some jarring edits , bizarre character reversals and general lack of narrative cohesiveness .
By the 100th beautifully crafted plume of smoke and explosion of twisted metal , this gorgeous film has lost more than a little steam .
Flashy visuals ca n't overcome dull story and characters .
The good news : Unlike Akira , I could actually tell what was going on most of the time . The bad news : After a while I just did n't care .
Despite its investment -LRB- it is the most expensive animé ever produced -RRB- and tried production -LRB- which began in 1995 -RRB- , Steamboy is an uncommonly disappointing effort .
Otomo continues his reign as the George Lucas of Anime !
Has as many explosions as a Jerry Bruckheimer production . ... It 's too long . Seventy-five minutes would have been plenty .
A slow even pressure cooker -- very nicely done .
Younger viewers may start squirming with boredom during the heavier debates , but there 's always another cool piston-powered machine on the way .
A mostly entertaining visual treat and while better than a lot of other films out there , pales in comparison to what might have been .






@highlight

The story is n't the greatest , but there 's an abundance of sci-fi eye candy to compensate .