`` In heaven , everything is fine , '' but in Eraserhead -LRB- 1977 -RRB- nothing is fine . David Lynch 's debut feature is grim , disturbed , mutated , claustrophobic , a world that appears to be unraveling-or , more accurately , decaying-before our eyes .
Linear plots with easily defined cause and effect are the kinds of stories we are used to , but sometimes it 's refreshing to enter a world where logic takes a backseat to purely evocative storytelling .
It is the vision of the paranoid transposed upon the screen ; the fact that it remains extremely interesting ought , I suppose , to be worrying . But perhaps our eyes have become so desensitised that nothing , any more , will widen the iris .
It 's beautiful and strange , with its profoundly disturbing ambient sound design of industrial groaning , as if filmed inside some collapsing factory or gigantic dying organism .
What makes Eraserhead great -- and still , perhaps the best of all Lynch 's films ? Intensity . Nightmare clarity . And perhaps also it 's the single-mindedness of its vision .
David Lynch never explains because he does n't need to , his is the faith of the irrational , disconcertingly childlike in its illusionism .
A murkily pretentious shocker .
David Lynch 's Eraserhead must stand as a pinnacle of screen surrealism to rival Bunuel 's Un Chien Andalou .
You may never figure out the story or what it is meant to convey , but the lighting , effects , editing and directing are so dead on and beautifully executed that the visuals carry the piece over every question mark . In the end the questions beckon you back .
a nightmarish spin down an industrial-wasteland rabbit hole that is equal parts surreal head-scratcher and emotionally driven horrorshow
Sculpted out of blocks of stark light amid pools of impenetrable darkness .
... expertly crafted , wildly imaginative and deeply , deeply disturbing
The most terrifying film ever made .
By now , the most interesting thing about Lynch 's cult-classic debut may be the evidence it offers of how fully his sensibility was formed .
As pure cinema , Eraserhead is in a universe all its own , writing and obeying its own oblique rules .
David Lynch 's filmic immersion into the surreal world of his distinctly odd protagonist Henry Spencer -LRB- Jack Nance -RRB- comes through in a creepy black-and-white black comedy that functions perfectly as a nerve-wracking exercise in existential horror .
Eraserhead was David Lynch 's first feature length film , and it 's the real thing : raw , uncompromised , more visceral than anything he 's done since .
David Lynch 's remarkable first film , made in 1976 , still looks like a minor masterpiece , mixing Gothic horror , surrealism and darkly expressionist mise-en-scène .
David Lynch has `` cleaned up '' his freaky feature debut , but do n't worry - it 's still an amazing industrial nightmare .
David Lynch 's 1977 feature debut Eraserhead is one of those rare films that really deserves its cult status - a nightmarish , heavily symbolic story set in a postapocalyptic future .
... unwrap this baby and you will discover a whole universe of untold depths and hidden textures in which to become trapped , lost or sublimely elevated . Lynch 's debut feature is freakish perfection .
Disturbing , repulsive , hilarious , frightening , sensitive and challenging .
The mind boggles to learn that Lynch labored on this pic for five years .
Some of it is disturbing , some of it is embarrassingly flat , but all of it shows a degree of technical accomplishment far beyond anything else on the midnight-show circuit .
Lynch 's films exist independent of space and time , and only after twisting and turning through their labyrinthine visual corridors can we begin to piece together how they came to be in the first place .
Lynch , as he does with all his films , refuses to explain anything , although he does say that he has yet to read an interpretation that matches his .
What a masterpiece of texture , a feat of artisanal attention , an ingenious assemblage of damp , dust , rock , wood , hair , flesh , metal , ooze .
Whether there is more here than meets the horrified eye , is debatable , but ` Eraserhead ' leaves no viewer cold .
Nothing more than a pretentious , incoherent and boring exercise in self-indulgent weirdness .
The discomfort we feel with the film indicates that the truths contained in Eraserhead , whatever they may be , are as surely true as they are unexamined .
A stream of subconsciousness work of art , Eraserhead is Lynch 's most surreal film . Packed with grotesque physical deformity and quest for spiritual purity , the film flaunts eerie sound and brilliant imagery .
David Lynch 's first feature and , arguably , his best .
Lynch 's remarkable first feature is a true original .
Eraserhead is a work of rare genius and real bravery ; it 's a comic nightmare we all have at once and whose meanings lay just out of reach .
If you ca n't rejoice in David Lynch , what is there to be happy about ?
May be the greatest debut by an American director after Citizen Kane .
Insanely inventive and evocative .
Weird for weird 's sake , but certainly memorable
Seen today , Eraserhead may make no more sense than it did 30 years ago , but its casually sinister air can now be seen as so much a part of Lynch 's mature work .
It represented a monumental shift in how movies are seen and digested -- one that raised the level of aptitude and film literacy throughout the world .
The purest essence of David Lynch . The DVD may be $ 40 , but it 's worth it , particularly if you 've never seen it .
Gets under your skin in ways that very few movies ever have .
Riveting , indecipherable and absolutely bizarre .
Eraserhead is a film that seems to require interpretation . Answers , however , are so distant that one wonders if they are even intended .
Compared to the rest of Lynch 's work this is a crude assemblage of ideas that would be used to far greater effect in later movies .
This is a classic , no matter how comfortable it is to watch .
What 's it about ? I can hear you shout . Therein lies the rub : not much really .
... I found this imaginative work to be one of the more interesting films to come out of the '70s .
Offers so much to look into , and decipher for yourself .








@highlight

David Lynch 's surreal Eraserhead uses detailed visuals and a creepy score to create a bizarre and disturbing look into a man 's fear of parenthood .