The high-spirited shuttle crew demonstrates how much fun it is to work in space .
A uniquely thrilling virtual trip that one is unlikely to get to experience first hand -- in this lifetime , at least .
Hubble provides a vivid , breathtaking look at our solar system like never before . And it leaves us pondering not just science , but faith .
Too brief an exposure to the accomplishments of Hubble-enabled astronomy -- but everyone should see it , nonetheless .
A wonderful film for anyone who still has a passion for watching the skies and wondering what 's out there .
This is so jaw-dropping in terms of both content and quality that you wo n't want to miss a single second by blinking .
Awesome spectacle in outer space ; pity about Leo 's narration .
Space lands on Earth in 3-D glory in this kid-friendly docu .
After becoming blasé about CGI effects in movies that pretend to take us into other galaxies far far away , we know this is for real
Star gazing with Leonardo DiCaprio is an awesome out of this world experience . On the giant Imax screen in breathtaking 3D , this is probably the closest you or I will ever come to space travel
Hubble 3D does n't weigh in heavily on theories of Big Bangs , evolution , or creation . Instead , it lets the visual data speak for itself .
... a truly amazing trip ...
What sent me over the boohooing edge was an overpoweringly beautiful shot of the astronauts at work with Hawaii 325 miles behind them , shimmering in the blue , blue Pacific .
A zero-gravity repair job does n't sound like a thrilling cinematic spectacle , but this 43-minute film is utterly gripping .
A movie like this can get you thinking .
This , then , is how a star is born .
While at its heart a standard PBS-style documentary , the film ends up being an extraordinary standout achievement when viewed in a state of the art IMAX theatre .
I 've been to two launches , Apollo 11 and Apollo 12 , and Hubble 3D is the first film I 've seen -- and felt -- that does more than hint at the skeleton-rattling power of those stupendous rockets .
Follows seven astronauts on a mission to repair Hubble telescope , and if you do n't find the ride absolutely thrilling , you lack imagination !
Hubble is a wonderful machine , and this is a phenomenal movie .
In the end , Hubble is exactly what we watch IMAX for .
... there are sights here to awe adult as well as child .
Dazzling to look at of course . But such ponderous , cliché-heavy narration .
It 's an out-of-this-world , real-life adventure for kids of all ages , budding Neil Armstrongs and Ray Bradburys alike .
Contains some of the most spectacular 3-D footage I 've ever seen ...
The daring mission by astronauts to repair and upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope in May 2009 is the perfect subject for a brilliant , thrilling 3-D Imax movie . Such a movie , alas , has yet to be made .
It is not hubris or hyperbole to say that Hubble 3D has to be seen to be believed . In its scant 43 minutes , the film reveals some of the most astonishing images your eyes will ever see . And every single one of them is real .
It 's a movie that not only puts you in space but lets you travel through it with a speed and wonder that would make James T. Kirk go a little weak in the knees .
A typical IMAX spectacle of enormous proportions , the film is both a fantastic summary of the knowledge we 've gained through Hubble and an often edge-of-your-seat documentary about some of the specialists who 've serviced the telescope five times .
Leonardo DiCaprio , as narrator , sounds very nearly reverent , and not without reason .
What does it say about me that when I see a state of the art 45-minute propaganda piece for NASA , I come away convinced I 've had a deeply personal philosophical experience ?
Although most of the film is about repairing the telescope , there are some eye-popping shots of the Universe .
The IMAX screen is the ultimate planetarium in the awesome documentary Hubble 3D .
Audiences expecting a blissout of swirling galaxies will wonder why so much time is spent on astronauts sweating over screws and bolts .
If you want an eye-popping cosmic epic , rent Star Trek . If you want interactivity , take the kids to the planetarium .
It 's a short film , but a fascinating one that contains breathtaking imagery . It 's as simple as that .
Not only deposits you in outer space , but for the first time ever makes the old Star Trek gimmick of `` warp speed '' a reality .
The newly resurgent 3D format gets an out-of-this-world showcase in Hubble 3D .


@highlight

Offering a stunning , expansive viewing experience , Hubble 3D takes advantage of IMAX and 3-D technology like no other film .