An intelligent film that does not aim to make you cry , but to present the harsh reality of a young man for whom being diagnosed with cancer at 27 years old is the last thing he expected . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a truly moving story that , despite a tendency toward the facile , never relies on tricks to make us feel something .
It is n't sentimental , schmaltzy or melodramatic , which is n't to say that it is n't touching , because it is ; only you 'll be smiling instead of breaking out the tissues .
Cancer 's guaranteed to shake your life up . What if you discovered you had a 50/50 chance to live ? If your life 's stuck in a rut getting cancer can actually be a good thing , and this movie shows why .
Gordon-Levitt is so good he compensates for the film 's lacks , even if he ca n't erase them ... 50/50 is n't quite worthy of this performance , but that does n't mean it is n't occasionally elevated toward something special by encompassing it .
Rogen 's vulgar , unexpected decency is quietly moving .
It 's a film about cancer , but it never succumbs to the morose trappings of its cinematic cousins ... it 's done with such a subtle grace that it 's easy to forget your heart is being tugged at by filmmakers .
An honest , earnest and powerful look at a young person 's battle with cancer .
Even with all its faults , it 's pretty difficult not to be won over .
It 's a brave plan to make a cancer movie that 's moving , uplifting and pant-wettingly funny . But against the odds , it 's definitely a case of remission accomplished .
Wonderfully played , with a marvelous humanity about it .
50/50 is a thoughtful and challenging story , grounded in real world characters , that also manages rewarding and cathartic laughs .
50/50 is smartly written and well acted enough to have you fully invested once it 's time to find out if those titular odds come good .
In a world where we are either given silly comedies or serious dramas , Jonathan Levine manages to bring both together in perfect harmony for 50/50 .
50/50 is funny , sweet , moving , well acted and touching story of friendship .
The tears are earned , no small thanks to the touching performances .
A powerfully empathetic performance by Joseph Gordon-Levitt saves 50/50 from succumbing to the annoying presence of Seth Rogen and his hophead propagandizing .
... a Gen-Y Terms of Endearment that bullseyes both the existential dilemma and piercing clarity that cancer sufferers experience .
For all of the attention 50/50 has gotten for being the ` cancer comedy ' , it 's received not nearly enough praise for being so moving and emotionally satisfying .
Deeply affecting and admirably even-keeled ...
The honesty driving this picture is undeniable and is evident in every frame , Adam a compelling protagonist and for my part I could n't take my eyes off of him .
Gordon-Levitt turns depression and despair into comedy of the edgiest kind , while making his character all the more sympathetic for his occasional outbursts of anger and aggression .
Todo está muy bien observado por el guionista Will Reiser con pinceladas de humor muy efectivo -LRB- casi siempre gentileza de Seth Rogen , que hace el mismo personaje de siempre y lo hace bárbaro -RRB- y también con algunas cuotas de emoción esperables .
This film is thin .
Will Reiser 's emotionally rich script -- which is based on his own battle with cancer -- never hits a wrong note , and he finds the comedy in Adam 's life as easily as the drama .
Dark humor , smart characters and a script with a heart make ' 50/50 ' one of the best films of the year . You 'll take some emotions with you when you leave the theater .
-LSB- A -RSB- n honest , hilarious , laugh-till-you-cry look at how very much it sucks to get very sick as a young person ... The characters are all uniquely vivid and unforgettable ...
To those unfortunate enough to have a potentially terminal illness , it could be inspirational .
-LSB- A -RSB- beautifully played , precisely observed and surprisingly thoughtful buddy movie , which is based on a true story .
It 's the performances that really make it work , with Seth Rogen bringing his usual wonderfully loose comic energy to proceedings .
The absence of self-pity and sentimentality is something of a change . The women involved , however , are given a rather hard time .
This frequently funny and moving film proves humour can be wrung from tricky subjects , providing it 's done with sufficient thoughtfulness and wit .
This film leaves a strange taste in the mouth .
Gordon-Levitt 's uptight everyman hero fully earns our sympathy and Kendrick is superb as the rookie therapist , but the film suffers from an overly strong dose of Rogen 's crudity and mawkishness , which must surely be reaching its use-by date soon .
So well-meaning you want to hug it .
The picture scores highly for tackling tricky , thought-provoking subject matter and contains some humorous and touching moments .
A rom-com with brains that - at key moments - feels as sly and sweet as Annie Hall .
It 's not a major landmark on anybody 's résumé , but it 's nothing to be ashamed of either .
The Gordon-Levitt-Rogen bromance is one of the most exciting and fun ones in recent comedy history , and the pair have a wonderful natural rift ...
Seth Rogen might be there to puts bums on seats , but it 's Joseph Gordon-Levitt who will keep you watching .
It may be a marketing nightmare , but as examinations of mortality go , few come funnier , wiser or more astutely acted .
50/50 is about right .
Whether you 're after a comedy-drama about cancer or a Rogen laugh-fest with added heart , this does a remarkable job of balancing the odds .
This is the terminal illness weepie for people who do n't watch terminal illness weepies , and it 's much the better for it .
It 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces the ugly side of what happens to complicated personal relationships . Its quite uncomfortable at times , and the frank exploration of the cancer patient journey makes the comedy even funnier .
It is tough to make a comedy about cancer , since it touches us all . It is not funny . When you have Seth Rogen in a film , however , anything can be funny .
The elements of 50/50 that do work are strong enough to carry the film along and affecting enough to bring losers like me to tears in their cinema seats .
Tackles a distressing subject with a healthy dose of humour , thanks to a sharply observed script , well-rounded , likeable characters , astute direction and a trio of terrific performances from Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Seth Rogen and Anna Kendrick .
There could n't be a more serious subject , yet Gordon-Levitt and especially Rogen -LRB- who co-produced the movie -RRB- make the comedy seem both spontaneous and organic .
Nimbly switching gears between heartful drama and uproarious comedy , 50/50 tackles the near-impossible and makes a film about cancer that 'll have you crying like a baby one minute and laughing so hard your sides hurt the next .
Jonathan Levine directs a film that may be one of the year 's best but still makes one yearn for the serious and uncompromising films of the 1950s and 1960s .
Yes , cancer can be funny . Sort of .
Films about cancer are n't generally this funny . And while this movie is n't a comedy , beyond its generous dose of realistic humour , it has a smart , personal script that dares to face a difficult situation head on .
Life is hard . Cancer is hard . Relationships are hard . Family is hard . ' 50/50 ' managed to find the power in all of those things and give us plenty of laughs so we 're not simply in a ball crying .
A near-great movie made out of the hardest-to-thread , most oxymoronic genre imaginable - `` cancer comedy . ''
a good movie with a moderate sense of daring that ultimately spends too much time telling the wrong story
With its excellent cast and emotionally intelligent script , 50/50 is n't necessarily a feel good movie about cancer , but is an exceptional telling of one man 's story , mixed with a perfect balance of sympathy and laughs .
Interesting commentary on how we deal with difficult situations , and makes a strong case for our desperate need for each other -- especially when the odds are stacked against us .
... surprisingly funny , while also honestly poignant and dramatic .
... one of the unexpected pleasures of the fall movie season .
`` 50/50 '' is a tear jerker film that has me calling it one of the best films of 2011 .
Add 50/50 to your want to see list . And then make an appointment for your annual physical with your doctor .
Even with its flaws and age limits , 50/50 is n't half bad .
50/50 is noble in its own way but not especially affecting . In its homey style and jokiness it 's as comfortable as an old shoe , and I do n't know that a movie about cancer should be comfortable .
You 'll walk out a stronger person than you were when you went in .
50/50 is not just another crude piece of mockery . Crude at times , yes , but at its occasionally uneven soul is a very funny and bluntly moving tale of living within the fringes of potential death .
Does n't even quite pull off ` very good , ' but it easily walks off with a solid ` good . ' And in 2011 , good may be good enough .
Swapping out the usual relationship tangle for a cancer-centric plot , 50/50 feels like this year 's -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days Of Summer .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's performance is heartbreaking and inspiring .
As honest as -LSB- screenwriter Will Reiser -RSB- could make it within the parameters of an uplifting crowd-pleaser .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- tap into the wonderful complexity of the material : Cancer is awful , but it 's instructive and loving and funny , too .
Not the comedy I expected but instead a well acted but depressing film .
Cancer patient questions his life in mature dramedy .
50/50 keeps the highs high . That 's easy . Keeping the lows high is much more tricky . The lows are where most dying-of-a-disease movies go to die .
Funny , heartfelt , well-acted and refreshingly honest . It 's one of the best movies of the year .
Amazingly upbeat and comical despite realistically depicting what it 's like to know you have only a 50/50 chance of surviving a rare cancer .
As Adam in 50/50 , Gordon-Levitt is low-key , but very human . His expressive face shines and darkens . Director Jonathan Levine brings him back to simple , expressive humanity .
' 50/50 ' plays cancer for laughs .
50/50 centers around a cancerous presence , and that refers to Seth Rogen as much as it does to the malignant tumor found on the spine of Adam -LRB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- . Carve Rogen out of the picture , and its chances of being a truly moving film increase .
Emotionally cathartic serio-comedy , ending on a convincingly upbeat note .
A good cancer movie should make you both laugh and cry , and 50/50 did exactly that for me .
If you are open to the experience of a ` Cancer Movie , ' this is a pretty good one . It 's funny where it should be funny , dramatic where it should be dramatic . It does n't try too hard to wring the tears out of you . -LRB- Movie Review for Parents also available -RRB-
50/50 is n't interested in defeatism , except as one inevitable way station of the film 's appealing emotional ramble .
If you want to draw some life lessons from it all , go ahead : That 's your choice , and it 's easy to do . But ' 50/50 ' is n't going to beat you about the head with it .
Still , it 's Gordon-Levitt 's choices that continue to impress . Sure , he owned one of the most jaw-dropping sequences in last summer 's blockbuster Inception . But the actor remains drawn to profoundly human-scale hurts and quiet triumphs .
Gordon-Levitt is an agreeably undemonstrative actor who plays well opposite the burbly Rogen .
Chances are about 90/10 that you 'll enjoy 50/50 .
Mixing humor and painful subject matter is , naturally , very difficult . The beauty of this movie is that it does so with ease .
Emotional without being cloying , honest and funny and low key .
Scene by scene , 50/50 can be both amusing and moving , with the tightly wound Gordon-Levitt and the boundaryless Rogen forming an oddly complementary pair . But as a whole the movie never quite coheres .
The emotional payday the Jonathan Levine-directed 50/50 dowels out is hugely rewarding .
Has humorous moments and heavy ones , and neither half feels forced .
Cancer is not funny ! And yet , in the hands of Seth Rogen and his posse the real story of one of his friends , Will Reiser , who battled and survived cancer , is a tour-de-force tale of love , friendship and triumph !
Without knowing the background of the real story , as will likely be true for most moviegoers , there is real suspense as to the outcome .
In other hands , Adam might well be hard to take . But as the comedy in 50/50 turns darker , Gordon-Levitt , who 's maybe the most natural , least affected actor of his generation , makes prickly plenty engaging .
Splitting the difference , 50/50 gets a comparable assessment : Not half-bad , but not 100 % either . Given the topic of fending off death , it 's surprising that the story never quite sparks to life .
There are some hearty , mordant laughs to be had in this uneven `` cancer comedy , '' but the best reason to see it is the admirably self-effacing and deeply affecting performance of Joseph Gordon-Levitt .
... it 's a pretty neat trick to blend comedy with a story that 's moving and relevant ; it helps to have a smart screenplay , a strong cast , and an overall good vibe . Those qualities make 50/50 one of the bright spots on the fall movie map ...
An everyman tale with plenty of heart and honesty , the serious subject matter is regularly enlivened with jolts of genuine hilarity , some of it in delightfully questionable taste .
What ensues is `` Beaches '' meets `` Pineapple Express . '' Which , I 've got to tell you , is pretty much what living with cancer is like .
The tightrope act of a script by Will Reiser is elevated in remarkable ways by one of the best ensembles of the year , led ably by the great Joseph Gordon-Levitt , doing career-best , Oscar nomination-worthy work .
Somehow remains prickly and funny through every moment of its running time .
Fact-inspired yet unpersuasive , transforming neurofibrosarcoma into a lucky break -- a short cut to a more purposeful life , complete with an attractive age-appropriate cancer therapist to replace the unfaithful girlfriend .
`` 50/50 '' is an unusual comedy that should be taken seriously .
It wrings comedy from cancer and surrounds its saintly protagonist with sickly stereotypes . But the closer it gets to the mortal abyss , the more it feels real and revealing .
Director Jonathan Levine has the ideal approach to the material , which is to stand aside , frame each scene honestly and let the actors drive the story .
The truly outrageous idea , that you can use being gravely ill to get sympathy hookups for yourself and your friends - as underlined in the movie 's original , better title , `` I 'm With Cancer '' - is given short shrift .
It succeeds mostly thanks to stellar work by the wonderful Joseph Gordon-Levitt , who capably handles the dramatic heavy lifting , and Seth Rogen , who delivers big laughs as his raunchy bud .
`` 50/50 '' takes the hackneyed convention of illness-driven melodrama and reinvigorates it with honesty , clear-eyed compassion and unsentimental wit .
Whatever laughs and tears the film wrings out of you do ultimately feel earned .
`` 50/50 '' is a low-key , authentic , warm-hearted film ; the cast is one of the best of the year .
... a remarkable film . Not one single moment rings untrue .
One of the best movies I have seen this year .
A wonderful , cathartic pleasure .
Some people might take offense at the movie 's tone . But it is that very attitude that sets `` 50/50 '' apart from your typical movie-of-the-week feature . It actually strengthens its appeal .
A remarkably tough-minded meditation on mortality , willing to confront the audience with harsh realities and to grapple with difficult , scary questions .
There 's a simple elegance to way -LSB- screenwriter Will -RSB- Reiser and director Jonathan Levine tie these bonds .
No one is transformed into saintliness or transcendence but there are lessons learned , losses borne , and hurdles overcome .
An uncompromising gem , the kind of film that hits all the right notes as it navigates from gentle , unforced humor to knowing pathos .
For every caustic one-liner and hip indie-rock song in 50/50 , there are just as many hanky-requiring sentiments and just as many moments of stomach-churning disquiet .
50/50 nimbly draws humor out of a young man 's illness , walks a tightrope of tragicomedy and touches on all the right points .
50/50 is very entertaining and touching , but rhythm eludes the movie from the very beginning .
You may look and sound ridiculous when ' 50/50 ' makes you laugh and cry at the same time , but the embarrassment is well worth it .
`` 50/50 '' will be liked and appreciated even by people who ca n't imagine wanting to see it .
It 's an impressive balance between humor and heart .
I admire the audacity of the script , which was written by Will Reiser from personal experience , and I laughed in most of the right places , as people in Adam 's life struggle , often absurdly , to say or do the right thing .
The movie deepens in the second half . Eisner based Adam on someone he knew extremely well , so the unsentimental dialogue rings true .
Mostly it 's just terribly funny and sad and beautifully acted and terrifically feel-good for being , you know , a cancer comedy .
Gordon-Levitt capitalizes on the best role of his career , one that justifies a potential Oscar nomination .
Emotionally honest even when it 's going for big laughs and filled with lived-in visual detail , it 's raunchy and touching without ever being crude or mawkish , a small , sharp comic jewel with a big heart .
The movie has an inescapably autumnal quality , but it 's funny throughout ...
... easily the year 's best comedy .
It almost seems as if `` 50/50 '' is leaning too hard on the lighthearted shtick , until the final act , when everything comes together with genuine emotional heft .
Neither the actor nor the filmmakers can get under Adam 's skin , despite all the close-ups and the moodily shot scenes filled with the kind of movie silence that feels more like the groping of an uncertain screenwriter than of a man facing his mortality .
`` 50/50 '' deftly blends tragedy with comedy - in a way that feels , often effortlessly , like real life .
I do n't think there has been a movie so far with this many good things going on .
Too pat and contrived to be the Oscar bell-ringer early reports have claimed , `` 50/50 '' is most affecting when it shows callow young dudes struggling to come to terms with the ultimate party crasher .
sweet but sometimes a little too aggressively normal .
As a comedy about a young man with cancer , it needs to be serious enough to be real as well as light enough to be funny . Though it falls off the wagon at times , it maintains its balance remarkably well .
Levitt , the definition of nuance , is touching , funny , and fierce - an unusual combination of moods , but deeply affecting .
An amusing , heartfelt , but unexceptional portrait of friendship and survival , 50/50 gets a mostly favorable diagnosis .
A touching portrait of a courageous young man 's journey with cancer and the varied responses of the people around him .
To the extent that 50/50 works , it because of Gordon-Levitt , one of my favorite actors .
The movie is more subtle than the trailers indicate .
This nervy film avoids being blatantly `` life-affirming '' or `` feel-good , '' helping it earn its tears and laughs . The premise covers the first of those . Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Seth Rogen merge it with the second .
Refusing to hide from pain or bow to it , 50/50 makes its own rules . Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Seth Rogen are a dream team .
The result is a story that feels genuinely balanced , that provokes laughter or tears only when they 're earned .
Just like the many bits of advice that are so convincingly strewn throughout 50/50 , it emphatically validates one of the most enduring ones : Laughter is indeed the best medicine , especially when the stakes are so high .
The fear , anger , and despair of terminal illness barely pierce the movie 's easygoing vibe , which becomes something of a problem in the second half , but for the most part this is fresh , sincere , and inquisitive .
50/50 is sentimental but never too much . Not with this cast . It 's irreverent about cancer and that could be inspirational . And it 's surely one of the most enjoyable movies I 've seen all year .
The picture could be so much better than it is , and yet it 's also the kind of movie that makes you want to grade on the curve , adding extra points for good intentions .
There 's a better than even chance that you 'll find it both funny and touching .
This ambitious comedy may appear benign on the surface but it 's likely to stay with you and develop into something more than you might have thought . And in this case that 's a good thing .
... what makes this `` chuckles n ' chemo '' film so watchable is that it is , at its core , a fish out of water tale .
50/50 is crude and funny , and it demands that you laugh . And you will .
A funny , thoughtful film , less about surviving cancer than about the agonizing process of growing up .
A picture with a commercial sensibility and a quippy streak , yet one honest enough to transcend the usual .
Although `` 50/50 '' is structured with the efficiency of a sitcom , there 's an undercurrent of truth and real feeling .
More interested in healing through laughter than confronting the tough stuff . That 's why the treatment goes down so easy .
By the end , it does manage to grab hold of your emotions , but it 's a long way to get there and not really worth it in the long run as there have been other films that have dealt with this subject matter in better fashion .
The ever-nimble Gordon-Levitt sells both sides of the transformation with ease , he 's an ideal leading man for smart , sensitive dramedy .
It 's the Rogen-Goldberg touch , with the duo 's characteristic Superbad mash of the sweet and the bracingly coarse , that sells this unusual downer/upper of a life-and-death comedy .
`` 50/50 '' is a tremendous movie . It 's also a really funny one , which does n't mean it wo n't make you cry .
An edgy concept , promising director , and a fine cast done in by bromides .
My reaction to everything that happens in 50/50 was `` Why do n't they just walk out ? '' But nobody did , so I did it for them .
Too much humor and we lose the characters . Too little humor and it becomes a Lifetime Movie . Balance is the key and , for the most part , Levine finds it .
A tremendously endearing , emotionally complex motion picture that gracefully inspects the stages of grief , worry , and , of course , catharsis , approaching a delicate subject matter with a disarming confidence .
Odds are you 'll find something of substance , a few life lessons in between the laughs in `` 50/50 . ''
The characters and dialogue are so cool and hip and accessible , the movie almost succeeds in making us forget this is Terms of Endearment with a heavy ladle of testosterone and a smirk .
Unsentimental , smart and funny , this dramatic comedy is the best film about illness I 've ever seen .
50/50 mostly succeeds as a movie about a young man fighting cancer that does n't give in to sap or sentiment .
Builds to the confidently sincere movie you hoped it would be , after dithering around in tired cutesiness .
... delivers some hard-core truths as well as therapeutic humor while treating more than one kind of death .
Levine has accomplished a tricky bit of juggling here : He 's made a film about cancer that 's effortlessly affecting .
This film could use a lot more affliction and a lot less cure .
A small winner ; the director , Jonathan Levine -LRB- `` The Wackness '' -RRB- , has a great touch , mordant but light-handed .
It proves that it 's possible to be emotional and thoughtful - and funny - at the same time .
What a tightrope this movie is .
`` 50/50 '' is a gem .
More than a cut above disease dramas , 50/50 spins eccentric humor out of savage heartbreak . And targets both the sick and supportive with equal opportunity satirical relish , that taunts without trivializing the human condition as universal borrowed time
The most upbeat cancer comedy ever made , 50/50 is effective as brom , romcom , and more .
There 's a vital difference between , say , the trumped-up day-seizing of The Bucket List and this , a funny , moving , well-grounded take on a potentially traumatic experience .
... brilliantly manages to blend big laughs with high drama .
A pitch-perfect blend of comedy and tragedy that will leave you with a lump in your throat , and a tear in your eye .
That leaves it to Gordon-Levitt to take on the emotional weight of the film . And while he 's always convincing , the surrounding story elements make for a less than resonant experience .
I think it navigates some tricky tonal shifts in ways that are impressive and at times quite moving .
Will Reiser 's semiautobiographical script initially prescribes too artificial a story treatment for its characters but is rescued by a genial , low-key vibe that builds in sensitivity and emotion up through the final reels .
Rises above its difficult subject matter to create a movie that 's warm and poignant but incredibly funny as well .
A soft and sweet cancer drama that hits with the force of an ill-timed hug , 50/50 is the winsomely told story of a young man blindsided by his own body and the ways in which his inherently lonely struggle upturns his life .
Reiser has written his characters with an indelible sweetness and vulnerability , which allows the cast to deliver performances with some depth .
Takes what I believe is one of the most realistic approaches to cancer and cancer treatment you 'll see on screen , but remembers to treat its potentially delicate subject matter with a blunt sense of humor .
Even hardened cynics will embrace the cliché -- yep , you will laugh , you will cry .

@highlight

A good-hearted film about a difficult topic , 50/50 maneuvers between jokes and drama with surprising finesse .