Induces a rare kind of cinematic immersion and nervous intimacy , thanks to its deft treatment of sexual confusion and awakening .
It 's sort of Romeo & Juliet , but with the same kind of urgency the story of star-crossed lovers must have had for the Bard 's first audience ...
Director/co-writer Ziad Doueiri captures the tenderness of young love and the volatility of Lila 's sexual openness -- a bottle of nitro that even Doueiri ca n't handle .
Lila says what 's on her mind . And what 's on the frankly speaking , flirtatious blonde 's mind is sex .
Just because a cupcake looks like a tart does n't mean it 'll taste like one . Big lesson .
Give Lila Says points for accuracy in titling .
As sweet as it is dirty .
West Side Story with the songs replaced by Lila 's sexual chatter .
Lila ... comes across as a Larry Flynt fantasy of a compliant temptress .
A so-what story , but nicely put together and well filmed by John Daly .
Though beautifully photographed , there 's something creepy at the heart of Lila Says .
The community atmosphere of the vibrant but volatile cultural mix and the tender relationship ... are more interesting than the familiar steps of the plot .
Mostly succeeds in conveying the real - life risks that disgruntled teens will take to prove they 're more powerful , more sexy and more in control than they really are .
Doueiri has an unerring sense of place as well as an ear for talk and silence .
In the end , Lila Says is far less interesting than its premise , primarily because we never know what anyone is really thinking .
An underdeveloped exercise in carnal awakening that thinks its characters are far more special than they ever prove to be .
-LSB- An -RSB- unabashedly erotic cross-cultural love story .
-LRB- O -RRB- ne of the hottest , sexiest movies sans nudity . Vahina Giocante creates a fully clothed sexual tension reminscent of Kathleen Turner 's `` Body Heat '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- .
A pretty slight coming-of-age story that hides its message of hope in a stream of dirty talk .
It 's the performances make this film compelling , especially the subtle , noble vulnerability that Khouas brings to his role .
Raw , earthy yet tender and perceptive , Lila Says marks a strong directorial debut for Doueiri .
Doueiri ... imposes a grungy beauty on the lovebirds and their no-exit backdrop .
An uplifting fable about the power of hope cloaked in the conventions of high-toned smut .
You wo n't be as easily impressed .
Thanks in part to the glow of mystery Doueiri gives her , it 's impossible to take your eyes off Giocante and her arsenal of ruthless smiles .
A film that 's more exploitative than sympathetic .
The director has an intuitive , buoyant sympathy for young people .
You can see where this one is going early on , but that does not diminish the shock and allure of Giocante 's unrelenting provocateur .
Superbly acted , especially by Giocante as the teasing 16-year-old instigator .
An exploration of sexuality by a stunningly attractive and alluring sixteen year and a shy Arab boy who is fascinated and frightened by her playful expressiveness
A vagina monologue scripted by a ventriloquist .
Like Spanglish , it uses a college entrance essay as its framing device , which is not to say it hawks a naïve liberal 's vision of assimilation and cultural identity .
It 's not so much that Giocante breaks new ground for candidness about sex , but that she does it with such dazzling and vital force .
A solid , visual exploration of an adolescent 's sexual fantasies .
Never puts a foot wrong .
It 's adolescent innocence presented here with brutal honesty , creating a rollercoaster of emotions .
... -LSB- director Ziad -RSB- Doueiri does manage to paint an indelible portrait of this small town and it seems clear that he 's destined for bigger and better things .
All tease and no delivery .



@highlight

Lila Says is a vibrantly told coming-of-age story , helped by the sultry charisma of Giocante .