The Innkeepers starts unevenly , but ratchets up the tension until the explosively weird finale . And it will teach you to cover your freakin ears .
It 's what your own brain fills in that makes The Innkeepers so chilling and effective , and -LSB- Ti -RSB- West knows it .
The indie king of the slow-burn horror flick is back , and this time Ti West is bringing along an unexpected dose of wit , warmth , and weirdly effective character-based comedy .
What finally sells The Innkeepers is the fact that the payoff really pays off .
A suspenseful and well-crafted old-fashioned ghost story .
Sometimes all it takes to make a decent little horror film is some good atmosphere and realistic characters .
Just enough depth of character and place that it 's smarter than your average paranormal flick .
The acting is pretty good , and the characters are interesting , but the screenplay lacks the imagination it takes to elevate this story above the ordinary , predictable level of a common ghost story . It does n't help this was also done on the cheap .
Entertaining creepy B horror pic .
When it delivers in horror and scares , it really excels with some shocking special effects and plays on sound effects ...
Sometimes all it takes to make a decent little horror film is some good atmosphere and realistic characters .
` A perfectly creepy scarefest with standout performances across the board . '
Diverting and certainly worthy of examination ; given all these pluses , I 'd like to have seen more of West 's compelling backstory threaded into his narrative .
An enjoyable chiller that is n't afraid to show less .
The pleasures here are small , but sure to be resonant for horror film fans .
A gruelling trial of audience patience .
The film is scary enough to keep you alert in the cinema , but unlikely to give you a sleepless night .
West continues to tread a delightful path between winking dread and the real kind , but his pacing 's off in the build-up , partly because of the many , many opportunities Paxton has to flee out the front door .
It has some charm but is quite underwhelming .
The movie never entirely flatlines , and there are some funny touches , but it annoyingly fails to do anything with the kooky situation it elaborately establishes , and there are no real shocks or laughs .
Naturally , if you do n't like the sight of blood on screen stay well clear , but , for the most part , this is an atmospheric , ghost-hunting piece with a greater emphasis on old fashioned chills .
Unmissable and one of the best films of the year .
West knows how to shoot an empty room and make it unnerving and has fun with characters hearing sounds through recording devices that are n't evident to the naked ear .
Hardcore horror heads may scorn its snail pace and shaggy-dog sweetness , but for discerning viewers , ` The Innkeepers ' is a slow-burning charmer .
Among the current crop of ghost stories , this is an outstanding effort . Ti West is shaping up as an authentic Master Of Horror .
Although not up to the high standard of writer-director Ti West 's previous film The House of the Devil , The Innkeepers is another often chilling exercise in building mood and atmosphere .
While the ghost story is familiar , The Innkeepers ultimately stands out from other contemporary horror films because it 's easy to like and identify with the characters
You can see a thinly-veiled repackaging of The Shining if you look hard enough , but as many patrons will be watching through their fingers , the similarities wo n't matter that much over the course of this terrific ghost story .
Sara Paxton is so photogenic and her acting is so nice that I wish there was more for her to do . Instead she just wonders about the near-empty hotel , reacting to cheap scares . Ho hum !
West has delivered a genuinely involving and disconcerting chiller that 's closer than anything else to a decent 50s B-movie .
Like his work or not , Ti West 's follow up to `` The House of the Devil '' is another fine piece of craftsmanship .
The Innkeepers is an eerie , haunting and sometimes funny ghostly chiller that 's bound to win over those with a taste for classic nail-biting horror .
Interview with Director/Writer Ti West . I liked this movie !
Writer-director Ti West goes where many -- especially Stephen King -- have gone before ...
West not only bypasses the gore galore but also largely avoids those cheap gotcha scares that directors employ when they 're unable to generate genuine suspense .
With The Innkeepers , West has both perfectly followed up his previous film and improved on it .
For those willing to let the film 's modest charms work on them , however , West 's latest can be a heck of a pulse-pounding ride .
We ca n't dissociate ourselves from the evil because , as in much of the best horror , what 's scaring us is n't external ; it 's everything we fear seeing when we look in the mirror .
Fans of the horror genre can expect to get all nostalgic about the 1970s feel to the action , which most certainly includes people going down the basement , all alone , in the dark , and that sort of thing .
The Innkeepers feels more like The Puffy Chair and the 1963 film The Haunting had a non-annoying hipster baby .
West freshens up the horror genre with a distinctive , careful camera style and an ability to write with empathy and humor .
It retains an eerie elegance in the last few minutes : not as arbitrary as the traditional horror twist , but duly earned by the slow development that precedes it .
... oddly unremarkable : less surely controlled than House of the Devil , less interesting in terms of form and , perhaps worst of all , not scary in the least .
The Innkeepers makes such youthful passivity seem nearly as treacherous as opening the cellar door .
The film has a real voice , and it 's apparent that West is getting more and more comfortable as a filmmaker .
This film has some of the usual scary cues and tense moments , but the setting , the old Yankee Pedlar inn , emerges as a more interesting character than any of the people .
The meandering film starts slowly and with too many teases before delivering a few solid frights .
The place offers West plenty of odd , creaky spaces to inspect as the innkeepers ' project of capturing ghostly events on video -LRB- a joking reference to the Paranormal Activity franchise -RRB- begins to bear fruit .
A nice change-up . Not much gore , but some good scares .
` The Innkeepers ' offers room with a ` Boo ! '
`` The Innkeepers '' may have some of the retro charm of a boardwalk spookshow . But the ride is too long - and too few of the attractions seem to be up and running .
Two slackers becalmed in dead-end jobs at a rambling , supposedly haunted Connecticut inn decide to play ghost hunter in this shaggy-dog story with a sharp little sting in its tail .
West attempts to pad out the film 's running time by offering up one lackluster sequence after another ...
What happens next is a weird exercise in slow-burn tension that only pays off by force of directorial will .
It 's so effective at capturing the natural rhythms of being bored at work that the supernatural stuff feels like an unnecessary intrusion .
It 's just too bad , innit , that The Innkeepers is n't much of a keeper .
So entertaining are the characters that you may leave the theater before realizing that the film 's specters might emanate from somewhere much closer -- much , much closer -- than the haunted history of a Connecticut hotel .
There 's a skillful appreciation here for the kind of subjective dislocation behind the best ghost stories , and in this era of bloody-disgusting , that kind of smart ambiguity is welcome indeed .
`` The Innkeepers '' is no masterpiece , but you may well leave with your nerves expertly jangled .
Up until near the end ... you could mistake it for a low-key haunted-house comedy .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's unclear whether West intended to make a comedy and wound up making a horror movie or that he set out to make a horror movie and wound up with a comedy .
what begins as something of a lark succeeds in generating what feels like real stakes
A hugely effective thriller that confirms Ti West as one of the more interesting new voices that the genre has seen in a long time .
Ti West knows how to get under our skin and make us danse macabre .
Smart , funny and creepy , The Innkeepers does a great deal for Ti West 's reputation as an up-and-coming filmmaker while simultaneously making rustic hotels seem a lot less quaint and charming .
A satisfyingly old-fashioned haunted-house thriller , less about shocks and violence than atmosphere and dread .
Luke and Claire are guilty , above all , of being dumb and bored . Even their interest in the ghost that may dwell in the dark corners of the Pedlar seems tepid and lacking in conviction .
For too long , this movie asks us to be interested in something that rarely in the history of the service industry has been sustainably entertaining : how dull certain jobs can be .
There 's a lot to be said for horror that does n't hit you over the head with shock and gore and special effects . But if you 're going to go that route , you need to have more than The Innkeepers delivers .
The trappings may look familiar , but `` The Innkeepers '' is a new twist on the good , old-fashioned ghost story : It 's the bored-slacker horror movie .
West understands the unsettling power of silence , making the banshee-like howl of visceral terror that caps the film all the more effective
A well-shot but generically dull disappointment .
As a ghost story , The Innkeepers is n't chock full of scares , but the few that it has are strong ones .
A traditional ghost story set very much in the here and now , The Innkeepers proves that the Spanish and the Japanese do n't have a monopoly on the sub-genre while confirming writer/director Ti West as one of the major talents in horror today .
Sometimes with horror movies , it 's all about tone .
`` The Innkeepers '' is a nifty little scary movie with slacker trappings , another winning deconstruction of a genre film by writer and director Ti West .
One of the most effective horror movies of the last several years , a true gem of the genre that reminds a scary movie junkie like myself why I fell in love with them in the first place .
Few horror movies deliver a triple threat of strong characters , chilly mood and clean storytelling . The Innkeepers is one of those few .
Each visit to the root cellar is an exercise in nerve-tightening ; the first time we hear the overloud telephone at the front desk , it 's both alarming and funny .
To his credit , West eschews the gore and mayhem of most modern horror movies in favour of slow-building atmospheric menace .
The Innkeepers suggests that West 's greatest strengths may lie with the way he handles the meeting between normalcy and terror , and how characters cling to the former longer than is advisable ...
Ti West knows how to build suspense with quiet and timing .
More so than in West 's previous film , which worked on its own steam right up until the end , The Innkeepers feels like a devoted horror fan 's attempt to reinvent a classic genre by sheer force of quality .
A textbook study on how to do horror in a way that offers scares and surprises at every turn .
I ask myself , how can any movie that calls itself a horror film also be boring at the same time ? You will find the answer in The Innkeepers .
A cellar sance is nerve-racking ; less so are a few loud-noise gotchas that seem lifted from Hollywood 's trick bag .
West only manages to wrangle a tepid horror film out of a fine opportunity to explore the territory of paranormal belief in a down-to-earth way .
In a genre lately given to gluttonous effects , West is the rare minimalist .
... makes me wonder how things would have fared with a better screenplay .
Winding up the tension to an almost stubborn degree , Ti West forestalls the inevitable disappointment of its release , a blow that 's further softened by how immaculately the whole movie is shot .
A poky but blood-freezing throwback to the gothic horror films of the seventies , when ingénues moved tremulously down dark corridors without holding digital video cameras .
An unoriginal story , but West puts enough authorial expressivity on the piece to deliver something that may not feel fresh , but is still refreshingly nostalgic .
... about the only really scary thing about his `` The InnKeepers '' is the apparent lack of towels when you need them .
The filmmaker takes his unlucky couple of innkeepers seriously : He gives them living , breathing personalities , independent of their relationship with the house ghoul .
Retains some personality and a reasonable case of the creeps . West keeps the festivities rather subdued , but those exhausted by the current state of shock cinema might find themselves appreciating this spooky breather .
Director Ti West is carving quite a niche for himself by exploring horror genres popularized by others by stripping them down to the varnish and actually deglamorizing them . It 's effective .
A diverting , low-key riff on the traditional `` haunted hotel '' set-up .
` The Innkeepers ' makes up for its low budget and even lower body count with an excellent cast .
With slow , deliberate pacing , seemingly endless amounts of paranormal prattle and few spooky scenes , it 's quite tedious .
However admirable the director 's formal intentions , the movie itself is kind of dull .
A beguiling entertainment as it deals out its grab-bag of soul-searching , good-willed humor , and particularly serious gasps .
A galloping mish mash of horror clichés that comes up with too little , too late .
Though not original this ghost story is worth seeing for Sara Paxton 's terrific performance
-LSB- An -RSB- offbeat ghost story .
A decidedly old-fashioned haunted-house movie that sidesteps boredom with banter .
allows a genuine sense of dread , rooted in the ambiguous relationship between character and circumstance , to build in its own time .
West 's latest feature is well-directed and funny , but low on scares and quite camp , presumably unintentionally so .
-LSB- The Innkeepers -RSB- brings to mind Disney-channel style spookfests like Hocus Pocus , but still follows through and gives us some gory , horrifying money shots in the final act .
West 's most assured film yet , a slow-burning creeper that pays off in spades .
When the big scares come , they do not come suddenly . Instead , West builds tension steadily and gradually , eventually delivering some good funhouse terror .
It 's this profound synchronicity between what the audience thinks and feels and what the characters feel -- a synchronicity all too often missing from most horror movies -- that elevate West 's already remarkable instincts even higher .
West and lenser Eliot Rockett deserve considerable credit for being able to generate suspense and occasionally spring scares without relying on familiar haunted-house atmospherics .
The Innkeepers is both a celebration and deconstruction of jump-scare style horror .
A good campfire style horror movie . The scares are light and fun , not deep horrific terror .
The result is a largely entertaining picture with too few -LRB- and late-arriving -RRB- scares to satisfy the multiplex crowd , but one that will please many die-hard genre aficionados .
The Innkeepers an enjoyable enough experience to counterweigh the fact that it is ultimately a fruitless , disappointing venture from a story perspective .


@highlight

It does n't break any rules of the genre , but The Innkeepers serves as additional proof that Ti West is a young director that discriminating horror fans can trust .