It all goes down about as smoothly as an apple in the Garden of Eden .
Loathed during its initial theatrical run , I fail to see the ultimate sin of Evan Almighty , outside of some painfully lazy screenwriting and irritating pace issues .
Fans of the original film will find much to enjoy , though they really should n't and it would be morally indefensible to encourage them .
There 's a great deal of comedic talent working here , and none of them can muster anything more than a decent chuckle .
The Bruce Almighty spinoff gets a touch preachy and saccharine at times , but it 's still fun and funny enough to work as a nice , family-friendly diversion .
Horrid , Tim-Allen-was-not-available treacle
Only Wanda Sykes , as the movie 's obligatory reaction-shot deadpanner , exhibits a functioning wit .
Evan Almighty is an ungainly melding of religious paean , big-budget studio comedy , feel-good family niceties and summer-blockbuster spectacle .
This movie is n't about logic , faith or family , and does n't have many laughs except when baboons carry things -- that 's always funny . It 's just mindless summer popcorn .
It makes sense that the sequel to 2003 's hit Bruce Almighty should star Steve Carell instead of Jim Carrey . Hilarious as Carrey was , everyone knows Carell stole the show ...
Even more blatant religious propaganda and preaching than the first installment .
Heaven help parents if Hollywood stops making silly , good-natured , PG-rated family comedies .
Carell 's morality tale much milder than Carrey 's .
Evan Almighty could have been a lot worse , but anything with Carell has -- or had -- the potential to be a lot better .
Embarrassing attempt to replicate the success of the 2003 Jim Carrey vehicle Bruce Almighty .
For long after the waters have subsided , there remains a very wide gap between havoc and hilarity .
Unapologetically , aggressively unfunny .
While Bruce Almighty was an inventive and often hilarious parable about divine intervention , Evan Almighty is mighty short of laughs .
There are more jokes in any chapter of the Book of Job than in the whole of Evan Almighty .
A FUN comedy of epic Biblical proportions with Carell in fine form .
Should have been a lot more amusing than it turns out .
Safety over satire at almost every turn .
Even the finest of actors would require a miracle when working with gags centred , predominantly , on bird droppings .
Avoid like the Ten Plagues .
One very expensive flop .
Staggeringly unfunny .
Beyond Heaven 's help .
Anyone expecting a reprise of Bruce Almighty will be disappointed .
A comedic disaster of biblical proportions .
Often mainlining its message at the expense of laughs , this is unassuming fare that just about holds the line between floating and sinking . Carell 's a solid centre , but someone needs to tell him he 's better than this .
As modern-day re-stagings of Bible stories go , this is oddly less funny than The Reaping . Next time , for real laughs , do the story of Job .
Evan Almighty is saved by a strong supporting cast and a decent climax , though the rest of the film is underwritten and disappointing in places .
And God looked out onto the teeming plains and and He saw that there were many suckers who dwelt upon the land who did lust to spend their shekels upon bird-poop jokes .
Mildly amusing .
click for full review
Evan Almighty belongs to that sorry cinema subgenre , Comedy without the Funny Bits .
` Evan Almighty ' misses so many tricks , it ultimately misses the mark .
It has to be one of the flattest , unfunny comedies that I 've seen in a very long time . Honestly , the best I could manage was a weak smile here or there .
Better than `` Bruce ' '' by at least two turtle doves and a 40-year-old virgin ...
It 's a trifle of a thing ; the kind of thing you 'd see on a broadcast network on a Saturday afternoon , at least before you grew bored and changed the channel .
Unless you 're a devout Christian or one of those preteens who laugh at anything , there are far better -LRB- and more interesting -RRB- movies to choose from .
Evan Almighty simplistically preaches the value of faith , and its overriding belief is that beneficial societal and familial change can stem from `` one act of random kindness . ''
`` Evan Almighty '' is not a horrible film by any means , just on the low side of mediocre . But if the reports of the enormous costs are true -LRB- animal wranglers are expensive , y' know -RRB- , then this is going to be the bomb of the year % u2026and with an effort this s
Nominal sequel to Bruce Almighty finds Steve Carell assigned Noah 's job . Once you stop laughing at that , there 's not much left .
Evan Almighty strains consistently to pave the way for topical humor , yet lacks inspired comedic charm and a cogent message .
Steve Carell , a funny man in most circumstances , as been left high and dry ...
Evan Almighty is a colossal dud - a high-concept low comedy made by people who ca n't tell a pratfall from a pitfall and stumble into every one .
A tolerable sequel to Bruce Almighty .
A comedy with it 's heart in the right place
Evan Almighty is sweeter than it is funny , but it sure looks good ... interesting thought exercises do not a raucous comedy make .
Religious rhetoric attached to a flimsy plot on the strength of family and the power of government corruption . There little that 's new and there 's little that 's funny .
If I want to see a movie about a warm and cuddly guy with a white beard , I 'll just pop Miracle On 34th Street into the DVD player .
Oh come on now ... this is n't that bad . It 's actually a decent movie , and very cute .
It 's no laugh riot , but it has a generous heart ...
The Citizen Kane of fecal films .
Carell plays the uptight character straight , creating anxiety instead of comedy .
Entertaining enough to be a big hit , but the script is badly underwritten .
This is PG-rated proselytizing tinged with Al Gore self-righteousness , all with the narrative thrust of a film about the apocalypse starring Kirk Cameron .
100 % exactly what I expected . No big belly laughs but a light enough comedy to pass the time .
Neither the jokes nor the special effects seem heaven-sent in ` Evan Almighty . ' The humor consists of pratfalls , cartoonish crotch attacks and bird droppings .
Richly mixes funny , supernatural , and heart . A film the whole family can enjoy , as evidenced by my happy clan of four ranging in age from seven to sixty-seven .
Do n't bother going down with the ark ; skip this one .
It 's a paper-thin alleged comedy with a laugh drought of Biblical proportions .
It 's like a lazy summer day - too light and inconsequential to really get excited about , but you have to be pretty cranky to complain too loudly .
The story plays on a juvenile level , and surprisingly enough it works on that level .
The original Bruce Almighty took God 's place while Evan only takes Noah 's place . We 're careening fast down the Biblical food chain , are n't we ? What 's next , Zebulun , son of Jacob , Almighty ?
Both fun and serious as it bestows its important messages about family , responsibility and the environment .
despite the lack of laugh-out-loud moments , I 've got to say that I was charmed by the film 's gentle humor and family-first message
It simply regurgitates what marketing research has told it we want to hear , along with a few shots of pooping birds in a vain attempt at laughter .
The story arc definitely is aimed at young audiences in `` Evan Almighty . ''
Feeling nostalgic about those ` Oh , God ' movies that George Burns made 30-odd years ago ? Then ` Evan Almighty ' might seem like manna from heaven .
A faith-based , corporate-sponsored , family comedy for folks who do n't mind having a familiar Biblical tale about sin overhauled into a contemporary allegory about saving the environment .
Evan Almighty is proof that you can make a mainstream movie dealing with religion in a way that 's meaningful without ever sacrificing entertainment value . Amen to that .
Feebleminded slapdashery .
Follows the standard rules of a mainstream comedy and there are few surprises . The story is lifeless and the only thing keeping it from being a complete and utter mess is the talented cast .
This is the Old Testament minus the wrath , divine retribution as chicken soup for the soul -- where 's the fun in that ?
Evan Almighty requires a strong suspension of disbelief from anyone with an IQ higher than a slug 's .
When Evan Almighty dips into its obligatory music montage of arc-building mishaps , Carell hits his thumb with a hammer not once , not twice ... but three times .
If Shadyac and Oedekerk opt to take on this subject thrice , let 's hope for more comic intervention , divine or otherwise .
Evan Almighty is filled with broad , slapstick moments and one too many bits involving falling bird poop , but it has its heart in the right place and is morally laudable .
Carell , as fans of The Office know , is better playing quiet than broad , which is a key reason why Evan fails where Bruce succeeded .
It 's an almighty , humorless bore .
It 's depressing to learn that God Himself speaks in bumper-sticker slogans . Equally sad is seeing the talented Sykes once again sidelined in another clunker : Rather than a star in her own right , she 's become the Thelma Ritter of bad Hollywood comedies .
Neither biblical disaster nor heavenly treat , the underwhelming Evan Almighty can still lay claim to a superlative : it 's the bravest -LRB- or craziest -RRB- movie of 2007 .
A few scenes involving animals are irresistibly cute . But mostly we get gags starring bird droppings -- messages from the sky that are neither divine nor inspired .
Just say Noah .
On what stone tablet is it written that Christian comedies have to be this witless ?
If Jerry Falwell were n't dead already , this movie might have killed him .
The movie 's fine , but it 's more safe than interesting .
The highlights of Evan Almighty are n't the supernatural moments but the scenes in which Carell grows comically flustered with his situation .
Evan Almighty in which Steve Carell is commanded by God -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- to build an ark , is a movie far less interesting than its premise .
This film is to faith what a box of animal crackers is to nature .
No doubt there is an audience ready to receive this relatively harmless , absolutely pointless , aggressively stupid , professionally realized pap . It will delight some people who will find it cute and take its casual blasphemies for a sense of humor
Evan Almighty may not be enough to make you shout ` Hallelujah , ' but it 's not the cinematic equivalent of a plague , either .
The movie comes across as Sunday school meets Greenpeace meets Ace Ventura -- laughter , religion and environmentalism make strange bedfellows .
The movie 's message about changing the world by practicing ` acts of random kindness ' would feel a lot more genuine if Evan had cost , say a 10th of its final budget and had those involved plowed the rest of the money into various charitable causes .
Apparently all the money went into the animals . The jokes would n't earn a round of applause at open mic night at your local comedy club .
Evan Almighty emerges as nothing more than a preachy , overpriced sitcom .
Though far from a disaster of Biblical proportions , Evan Almighty is a mild , sporadically funny comedy in an oversized sentimental frame .
It 's all much concerned with the soul but regrettably lacks a heart , a brain or a smidgen of wit .
-LSB- Kids -RSB- will enjoy the animal antics best , especially when the critters start doing their part to help build the ark . Parents will have to settle for the few inspired bits by Carell , stuck with the Job-like task of keeping this leaky bucket afloat .
Here 's the funniest thing : In trying desperately to reconnect with religious Americans , Hollywood assumes religious Americans are so dumb they 'll laugh at anything .
Evan Almighty combines the easiest elements of lazy comedy with the most indulgent elements of lazy disaster movies . Even Mr. Carell , gamely mugging and wincing and snaring the random reflex laugh , gets pulled down with the ship .
My advice to you : Just say Noah .
Evan Almighty is a paper-thin alleged comedy with a laugh drought of biblical proportions , and a condescendingly simplistic spiritual message . It is so bad , I came close to throwing my caffeinated beverage at the screen .
Shockingly , this flood is less an allergic reaction to any global catastrophe and more the result of what happens when a studio has too much cash to blow on a wild effects sequence .
This bright family comedy is a great time at the movies for everyone , thanks in large part to the brilliant Steve Carell .
It takes an annoying while for Evan Almighty to launch , but laughs , or at least chuckles , do come forth .
Evan 's ark offers refuge for the lions , tigers , elephants , and other animals from distant habitats , but they , like us , would have been better off just staying home .
`` Evan Almighty '' reaffirms my theory that Steve Carell is unable to carry a film on his own .
Evan asks people to repent . You might ask for a refund . At least `` Speed 2 : Cruise Control '' is no longer the worst over-budgeted summer sequel to feature a huge boat taking a torturously long time to crash onto land .
The combination of pratfalls and platitudes does n't quite work .
Evan Almighty is the latest , terrible family film , and a chronicle of the reductive way in which mainstream comedy directors seem to inevitably lose their edge .
A truly entertaining film that invites viewers to contemplate the rather big idea that we 're all `` chosen '' to be in relationship with -- and obedient to -- our Creator .
God gave us the brains to see through the sort of shallow sermonizing that Evan Almighty wants to pass off as true faith .
As a crowd-pleasing , undemanding matinee diversion , Evan Almighty is a far more satisfying production than Bruce , and that , to me , is a great thing .
Forget wrath-of-God stuff . Evan Almighty is pure fluff , moderately entertaining but not nearly the `` comedy of Biblical proportions '' it purports to be .
Offers an inoffensive message of conservationism and family togetherness , leavened by bestiary slapstick . Harmless , diverting , very mildly uplifting ... -LSB- but -RSB- bland , generic and unchallenging .
We as an audience are to believe that `` God '' -LRB- the Christian version of course -RRB- would seek the aid of a white politician to build an ark to save less than a hundred white people in suburbia , yet he chose to do nothing about the Holocaust ?
They sure spent a lot of money on this movie .
They spent a fortune filming all those different animals and mixing the images all together , but I 'm not sure it was worth all that trouble for a movie that 's a miracle or two short of being divine .
While the cast manages to pull a few slight chuckles from the proceedings , it 's not enough to keep Evan from being little else than flimsy hackwork .
Will it make up its $ 175 million budget ? Maybe with some divine intervention . Seriously . I would n't be surprised to see buses unloading smiling families and frenzied Young Lifers hitting up theaters for the first time since Mel Gibson told them to .
This only mildly amusing sequel is stultifying , self-righteous , sanctimonious - desperately needing divine intervention .
Rumored to be the most expensive comedy ever made , the laughs come at a high price in Evan Almighty , as much as $ 50 million per snicker .
Squeezes most of the life out of Carell 's twitchy , oddball comedic persona .
When Knocked Up supporting player Hill is the funniest member of a cast led by Carell that includes the equally funny Sykes and Graham , you know something 's gone sadly wrong .
You know a movie is in trouble when most of the laughs involve birds pooping on congressmen .
More , while I certainly do n't have a problem with the strong pro-environment message and the heartwarming morals at the center of the Baxter family 's struggles , I ca n't help but think there are better ways to push them over on an audience than this .
I have no clue where anyone would come up with this idea and why they thought it would be funny , but , worse yet , it 's not even utilized in a way that makes it worth the time .
This was the best family film I have seen this year .
Its funnier that a film made to offend the fewest of people is intent on just crapping on as many possible within its frames .
Loses its footing well before it gets all heavy - and under-handed . I think it 's at the second poop joke . Maybe it 's the third poop joke , but I guarantee it is well before the fifth and sixth poop jokes .
a fun movie that does n't make you think too hard , but has plenty of little jokes for those who pay attention ,
The critic in me screams but the family man completely understands .
Sometimes it 's best to just leave average alone .
I was n't just bored ... I was actively disgusted that so much money was spent on a film that is so poorly written , and so inconsistent and incoherent ...
Evan Almighty has n't quite decided what it wants to be , and you get the feeling that if it were n't for another amazing arc -- Carell 's recent career trajectory -- it would n't exist at all .
For a premise with unlimited possibilities , director Tom Shadyac and screenwriter Steve Oedekerk are awfully small-minded .
The sum effect is mild yet strange , lacking both the zing of smart comedy and the cohesion of sensible plotting .
For a movie that 's supposed to be about reconnecting with God and ourselves , and cherishing the Earth we live on , Evan Almighty is a surprisingly dispassionate picture .
God is played , once again , by Morgan Freeman , whose suave charm can sell all sorts of silliness , but not the amiable imbecility peddled by this film .
The fact that God is depicted as a black man makes this post-Katrina flood tale particularly disturbing . Apparently , God was n't concerned with finding a righteous man in New Orleans ' Ninth Ward , but here he saves a rich white suburb from drowning .
God -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- is not at all unlike Br ` er Rabbit , whose amorality was often a positive force against white masters -- and just as often a destructive force against all .
If there is one thing that kills comedy , it 's sanctimoniousness .
With Carell in the lead , it sails along smoothly and merrily , with enough laughs and feel-good messages to help it overcome its inherent weaknesses .
Historically , throwing money at a comedy has never made it funnier , because there 's nothing more cost-effective than a joke , and nothing more ruinous than a spectacle trampling all over it .
The warm likeability and atomic-clock comic timing of Carell , Lauren Graham -LRB- television 's `` Gilmore Girls '' -RRB- as his wife , and Wanda Sykes as his Congressional aide -- and the quick running time of just over 90 minutes -- keep it mildly entertaining .
Even the editing betrays a sense of desperation about the material . It 's cut so tight that no one ever breathes , they just talk .
Once or twice the film reveals its good intentions and gets a laugh , but mostly it feels like a store-bought mix of jokes and sentiments .
There is a simple sweetness about this film when it sticks to the likable Carell , God and his family , but it 's overcome by the deluge of effects that pay homage to Hollywood 's sole focus of worship : the box office .
The divine guidance afforded the title character does not extend to script doctoring .
Somehow this boat floats along , a lasting tribute to lightweight construction .
Might be saved if the laughs equaled the number of scenes with critters pooping .
With God and Noah providing the animated sermon , the faithful fan base is bound to flock to the theatre pews . The studio has no reason to fear disrespectful numbers .
There really are n't any laugh-out-loud moments . Even comic pros like Wanda Sykes , John Michael Higgins and Goodman are straining a bit here .
Smartly done : ` Evan Almighty ' is a preposterous , moderately funny film that will warm the hearts of millions .
By all accounts , Evan Almighty should n't work , but it kind of does .
The pieces do n't all fit into place and much of what should be its emotional substance is simply rushed . But as a chance to see Carell fill the screen with his brand of angst and Freeman to charm , it 's worth a visit .
Carell 's funniest when he is n't trying to be Jim Carrey , but he gamely goes along with kicks to the groin and smacks to the head .
This is a limp , slow-moving and desperately unfunny comedy , a sequel to Bruce Almighty and about the only thing that could possibly make that minor Jim Carrey film look better in retrospect .
The effects are so gargantuan and so distractingly cheesy that the movie loses track of the idea that this is a normal guy who has to do strange things that seem crazy to his friends and wife .
There are laughs , good effects , fine beasts and a mood of goofy apocalypse .
Ultimately , Evan Almighty is too sappy , too sanctimonious .
Dressing thy star in vestments of outrageous design and a wig maketh not a joke .
If the Lord does indeed work in mysterious ways , he or she had absolutely nothing to do with the making of Evan Almighty , a predictable and totally typical piece of Hollywood comedy overkill .
The shamelessly juvenile , pseudo-religious , mock-sincere Evan Almighty is the most expensive Hollywood comedy ever made . Problem ? It 's not that funny .
There 's enough stupidity here to insult both theologians and politicos .
The extensive mayhem by tsunami that Shadyac unleashes is portrayed as comic and casualty-free , but of course adults ca n't help but be disturbed by imagery of a catastrophe that would have cost many thousands of lives being dismissed so casually .
Every decent bit is in the trailer , which means someone spent nearly a quarter of a billion dollars to make a funny 90-second advertising spot .
What makes the film transcend its limitations is Carell , whose square , Father Knows Best demeanor belies a supreme comic self-confidence and whose implacability in the face of the movie 's CGI-intensive animal antics can be marvelous to behold .
Though the strain sometimes shows , Carell 's skill with physical comedy is a saving grace that makes Evan Almighty at least tolerable .
This is idiotic , but it 's so good-natured I did n't mind .
When the film ultimately does deliver on the threat of a flood , there 's not much to think other than that the special effects are adequate and that Carell 's movie is one big washout .
Evan Almighty is expertly forged to be a superficial audience friendly phenomenon , the kind of movie that has critics and the cultured scratching their heads over its continued success .
If the producers of Bruce Almighty locked themselves in a room until they came up with an idea for a sequel , this must be the one they hit upon around 3 a.m. .
While the film has a good heart , it 's arteries are filled with cheese .
The idea to show characters dancing to a song with lyrics that go `` Everybody Dance Now ! '' is indicative of the movie 's creativity level .
Already heralded as the most expensive comedy ever made , Evan Almighty may need heavenly intervention to achieve ultimate financial success . Critical success is even less likely .
While I admit that Evan Almighty is n't as ineptly constructed and poorly realized as its predecessor , this still is n't a wise investment of anyone 's entertainment dollar .
It 's a gentle , warm , ` big tent ' big-budget comedy with all the rough edges rubbed off . Not an edge to be found .
Nothing can offset the picture 's dutiful Sunday-school intentions or the generic qualities of the CG animals that follow Noah in twosies .
A soggy mess ... To think it 's any good would require a supreme act of faith .
With EVAN ALMIGHTY , the sorta , kinda , not exactly sequel to BRUCE ALMIGHTY , we learn that treacle is neither better nor worse than puerile . It 's a lateral move and they are both annoying .
At times the visuals can be impressive , but the climactic flood -- the ark 's raison d'etre -- looks surprisingly cheesy and fake .
A family film with the right , saucy touch .
A fairly straightforward retelling of the Noah 's Ark tale ... lacking one important aspect of any comedy -- funny jokes .
Yes , it 's sentimental and you have to suspend disbelief -LRB- why would the crowd mock Evan as a loon , since after all , 100 pairs of animals are watching him build the ark ? -RRB- , but it 's an entertaining enough pic albeit one not crammed with laughs .
Much of the slapstick comedy involved in the building is feeble , and the film never does something unexpected once the wheels are set in motion .
The problems with Evan Almighty mostly boil down to questions of scale . The movie warns of an imminent flood , yet delivers only sprinkles of laughter or anything approaching magic .
Maybe I 'm nuts , but beyond the mediocrity on display , I started to see the seeds of what could have been a masterpiece ...
Evan Almighty runs out of comic invention early , and the filmmakers fall back on what real politicians do when they exhaust their small stash of ideas : brainless piety .
New leading man Steve Carell is charming , even when burdened with long white hair and huge beard , not to speak of company of creatures of every size , but the ultra-expensive comedy is too conceptual and overproduced and only intermittently funny .
Sticking Steve Carell in awkward situations is a guaranteed way to get laughs .
Will presumably charm wee ones , and ... go over like gangbusters with the holy rollers , but others may notice this comedy of faith skimps on the comedy .

@highlight

Big on special effects but short on laughs , Evan Almighty underutilizes a star-studded cast that includes Steve Carell and Morgan Freeman .