Shot in jazzy black and white by cinematographer Chris Seager , and thundering with taste and tempo , Andy Goddard 's film just sings .
Set Fire belongs to a genre that might be called Close Encounters With Greatness . They 're not biopics , but glancing views by nobodies in a position to observe the backstage workings of genius . It 's a formula , and Set Fire never gets beyond that formula .
Although the screenplay lacks insight into his creative process , the film playfully dissects stuffy postwar academic ostentation .
Gorgeous , evocative and well performed ...
Set Fire to the Stars may be thematically uneven , but the aforementioned performances and Chris Seager 's cinematography more than make up for it .
The film wallows too much in its subject 's glumness , but it comes alive whenever TV actor and co-writer Celyn Jones , whose only previous film credit is 2005 's Lassie , plays Thomas as a big shaggy dog .
As tedious as `` Set Fire to the Stars '' gets , it remains watchable courtesy of the stunning black and white cinematography by Chris Seager .
`` Set Fire to the Stars '' barely skims the surface of characters you wish had been given more dimension , but as a snapshot of postwar academia and its pretensions , it exerts a creepy fascination .
Stylistically assured and tastefully appointed .
-LSB- A -RSB- watchable but thematically repetitive drama about Welsh poet Dylan Thomas ' arrival in America in 1950 .
Story of the love/hate relationship between the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas and his tour-agent during his first visit to America .
To me , the Great Men Who Wrote Epic Poetry But Were Otherwise Intolerable trope leaves much to be desired .
It 's a terrifically rounded portrait that captures both Thomas 's depressive neuroses and his zest for life .
It 's left with little to do except point out that difficult artists can be hard on the people around them and to showcase some good poetry being read poorly .
A harrowing but tedious chronicle of Welsh poet Dylan Thomas ' time in America in the 1950s .
It 's almost as if everyone involved in Set Fire To The Stars got a little too understated for their own good .
Pretty good , and melancholy . But it could 've been great .
From the get-go , Set Fire feels movieland-hokey , and more dumb than the people in it ...
A steady , austere treatment of a notoriously and riotously rambunctious subject , Set Fire to the Stars takes a non-incendiary , safe-hands approach to potentially combustible material .
At least it does n't make the biopic mistake of attempting to check off every moment of a man 's life over the course of a few hours ' worth of running time .
A haunting account of Welsh poet Dylan Thomas ' first tour of America in 1950 , `` Set Fire to the Stars '' is at once curiously subdued and unnervingly unpredictable .
Its appeal probably wo n't reach outside of an art-house audience .
This chapter from Thomas 's later years does n't provide enough narrative tension to sustain a conventional three-act film . But it does provide ample material for compelling , duelling character studies .
A boisterously rotund performance by co-writer/star Celyn Jones provides the heart of this slight but diverting tale ...
When it comes to Thomas himself , despite Jones 's spirited performance , the film does n't succeed in bottling lightning . There are flashes of the poet 's genius amid the boozy windbaggery , but the demons that drove him remain elusive .
Director Andy Goddard makes atmospheric use of black-and-white cinematography and 1950s settings , but aside from one scene of drunken confession by the fireside in a Connecticut cabin , the story fails to engage .
Set Fire to the Stars benefits from crisp monochrome cinematography and two solid lead performances , but the end result feels somewhat flat , and it 's difficult to see who the film will appeal to .
There is no sentimentality in Andy Goddard 's direction and in fact , Thomas 's utter disregard for how his actions impact on Brinnin -LRB- and his wife , back home in Wales -RRB- makes him tough to like .
It 's a good-looking film , shot expressively in black-and-white , but in some ways it 's like a sketch for a stage play .
Filmed in black and white with a light , jazzy score courtesy of Gruff Rhys , Set Fire To The Stars offers a slice of biographical remembrance without a great deal of substance .
Not exactly a revelation , but a novel take on the biopic format .
This ambitious low-budget Welsh drama never quite finds a way to make its emotional drama matter much to the audience .
Told in episodic narrative bursts , it is fitfully engaging and rousingly acted .
There are solid turns from the leads but the drama never quite catches ablaze in the way you 'd think the fiery Thomas would have wanted .
Think My Week With Marilyn but with Dylan Thomas and shot in luscious black and white and you 've got some measure of Andy Goddard 's debut feature .
Its appreciation of Thomas ' work remains superficial , while the polished filmmaking never quite finds its own poetry .
Set Fire To The Stars , like Dylan Thomas himself , has the ability to stir your deepest emotions .
This is a snapshot of a very small period and should be appreciated for its style , rigour and occasional astonishing moments of poetical majesty .
The tone is curiously flat and the script light on genuine insight : we see the torment fuelling Thomas , but too rarely share or understand it .
A character - and film - overburdened with poetic profundity .
Andy Goddard 's stylishly shot movie does n't succeed in forming a sustained emotional connection with the viewer .

@highlight

Set Fire to the Stars does n't quite do justice to its legendary real-life protagonist , but thanks to Celyn Jones ' spirited performance , it occasionally comes close .