While the heroes of DreamWorks ' film claim to be the guardians of childhood , their tattooed , hoodied posturing actually diminishes it .
Some of the best animation I 've seen in quite some time .
Charming , sweet and enchanting , but not without its flaws , Rise of the Guardians is the hopeful , feel-good movie for kids that 's fitting for holiday movie watching with the family .
-LSB- Rise of the Guardians -RSB- acknowledges the courage of children and teaches the audience to see the signs and symbols of life more deeply and to listen to good inspiration .
Just interesting and colorful enough to hold a child 's attention for 90 minutes but a thundering bore for anyone that 's been around the cinematic block .
The film has a square-jawed elegance that occasionally hits a note of grandeur when it 's not just being silly .
Energetic animation and a handful of amusing character touches help , but they ca n't compensate for the paper-thin story and muddled messages .
A beautiful fantasy adventure that might change a few minds about the power and importance of these childhood fantasy characters .
DreamWorks ' newest picture is definitely one for the kids , but director Peter Ramsey makes it fun enough to put a smile on parents ' faces .
An entertaining experience , whether you see it in 3-D or 2-D , ` Rise of the Guardians ' is an enjoyable adventure for all ages .
The animation 's usually a visual delight . There 's enough visual spark and inventiveness to make this animated adventure rise above the Christmas crowd of flicks .
Alas , a sweet heart and a tender message are n't enough to save Rise of the Guardians from its overly sugary ways .
Rise of the Guardians delivers a giddy , kinetic excitement as its heroes whoosh and swoop through the air , or glide and skitter on ice .
In one of the best , brightest , most beautifully realised and visually sumptuous tentpole animation films of the year ... an absolute joy to behold , as lovingly made a piece of corporate entertainment as you 're likely to find at the multiplex .
One of the best surprises of 2012 .
Delivers an entertaining twist on the fabricated mascots that kids will enjoy .
From the wind rustling through Jack Frost 's white hair to the panoramic vistas as they fly through the sky , it all looks amazing .
Whatever its agenda might -LRB- or might not -RRB- be , Rise of the Guardians is a surprisingly rousing tale with a story that resonates easily , if not deeply .
Rise of the Guardians is both reasonably quirky and mildly serious . It wants children to believe there 's more to animation than fast food tie-ins .
This lovely fantasy has been brought to beautiful 3D life by Peter Ramsey , the visual effects are really something .
The villain begins by kidnapping Tooth 's worker fairies : it 's never clear how she 's so human-sized and they 're all fairy-sized and have no voices , or how they 're the workers and she 's management .
More exhausting than exciting , but there are enough amusing gags to prevent on-the-fence viewers -- and critics -- from going full Scrooge on the final product .
Youngsters will enjoy the diversion with the film 's cute characters and creative visuals although there is a frenetic feel about the action that tends to overwhelm the story on an emotional level . As a result , there is little heart that resonates
While the concept is novel - and the animation often dazzling - the story and characterisations soon prove trite , condescending and dull .
An unusual 3D tale about a playful free spirit who is thrilled to become a Guardian who watches over children .
Less-than-compelling storyline .
Rise of the Guardians is kind of like The Avengers , except that instead of superheroes , the characters are people your parents lied to you about when you were a kid . It could become a perennial family favorite .
A visual feast and a serious miscalculation : The movie tells us that if kids do n't get toys and colored eggs , they stop believing , and Christmas and Easter die .
Turning the Easter Bunny into a boomerang-wielding warrior voiced by Hugh Jackman is n't the worst idea . Sidelining Christmas in a Christmas film , however , just might be .
Children may well enjoy it , despite the absence of anything that might pass as imaginative sustenance .
Like a treasure hidden in plain sight , this is one film that will no doubt be cherished by children and adults who are fortunate enough to recognize its enchanting glimmer .
Rise of the Guardians is harmless enough , and the lack of easy pop-culture jokes represents the post-Shrek direction of DreamWorks well enough . But this is the studio 's least entertaining film .
The conceit has its charms but too much of this movie , directed by Peter Ramsey , is more clamorous than inspired , and little kids might find parts of it too scarily intense .
A family film full of wonder , originality and good-heartedness .
The years most entertaining animation .
To fully enjoy this you will have to leave your cynicism at the door and embrace your inner child . But that inner child - and any child for that matter - will be touched by the story and impressed by the action .
Destined to become definitive holiday entertainment for all the family .
This version of Christmas does look a little like that found in the windows of upmarket department stores , but it is undeniably seductive and comforting .
Will touch the hearts of anyone-of any age-who can reconnect with the magical childlike power of believing .
Vividly colourful details in the animation and script bring mythical characters to life in ways that are thoroughly engaging as this riotous action-comedy soars through its epic story .
Pixar clearly still have the edge when it comes to organic storytelling , but if Dreamworks ' latest effort is anything to go by then visually at least the playing field has been levelled .
It takes a unique film to make Santa Claus , the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy seem dreary or even unappealing .
Despite some formulaic trappings of the genre , it 's thankfully more of a win in their column .
A true surprise .
A candy cane of a kids ' flick which supplies a genuine sense of seasonal cheer .
Compare this moderate entertainment to , say , Monsters , Inc. , and it really looks feeble .
Here is another kitschy kiddy fantasy about Father Christmas , witless , gaudy and hyperkinetic .
Deplorable .
Holiday kid fantasy has wondrous artwork and sound engineering , plus a generous world-view .
A good animated family film but does n't have what it takes to be a huge success .
It 's perfectly pleasant , just not charming or funny enough for a classic Christmas film .
Practically embracing the commercialism of childhood and clearly made with one eye on the franchise , it 's arguably the least hypocritical holiday flick of the modern age .
Beautifully animated and sharply written , this is an engaging , enjoyable and frequently funny family adventure with terrific performances from a superb voice cast .
Cartoons from the DreamWorks stable always feel rather calculated and overcooked - and Rise Of The Guardians is no different .
Constantly entertaining , cleverly written , enthusiastically played and with a distinct and very appealing look .
The musty story is at least somewhat compensated for by the iconic figures involved .
` Rise of the Guardians ' is an effervescent dose of fantasia that 's pretty hard to dislike . Unless , of course , you 're a cynical grump .
The film is fun and clever with a post-modern re-invention of nearly all your childhood fantasy figures
Family-friendly fare that 's so frenetic that it gets exhausting .
Adults hoping for the double-layered comedy of the Shrek series will be left disappointed . Still , smaller children will probably be enthralled by the action and the animators ' beautifully rendered 3D visuals .
Like the old man 's sleigh , it 's designed to offer an easy , breezy ride with a few new bells and whistles added to old-fashioned elements .
If Cirque du Soleil overdid the Calpol , it would probably look like this .
It 's gorgeously designed , deftly written and frequently laugh-out-loud funny . For child or adult , this is a fantasy to get lost in .
Yes , Virginia , there is not only a Santa Claus , but a Tooth Fairy , a Jack Frost , an Easter Bunny , and a Sandman , too !
Lovely to look at with thrilling action and a funny script , Rise of the Guardians delivers a sweet and hopeful message about the importance of embracing the magic of childhood
It is a battle between light and darkness , but not a simple one . It is about the strength of belief , kindness , courage , love , self-sacrifice and fun . It is a very nice , positive message .
So full of yuletide razzmatazz that only true Scrooges will have trouble stomaching it . If only Santa 's workshop had given the script more of a tinker ...
Who can resist seeing a movie with Christmas Wookiees in it ?
This one is fun and is worth a couple of extra dollars for the 3D version .
The script seems to have been written by committee , with members lobbying for each major character , and the action , set in vast environments all over the map , spreads itself so thin that a surfeit of motion vitiates emotion .
Too cluttered and manic to bring real pleasure .
Wraps so much kids ' mythology into one holiday package that it ca n't avoid tangling the ribbons .
This hyperactive 3D animated adventure tries to be both subversive and kid-friendly , but it does n't have enough amusing moments to overcome its predictable tendencies and sledgehammer sentiment .
... the story and the entire production is focused more on its marketable elements than on its narrative ones .
A few colorful details aside , Rise of the Guardians goes light on the type of wide-eyed wonder it purports to champion .
A children 's fable reimagined as a superhero flick -- a peculiar but delightful hybrid that just may be the best animated offering of the year .
Like most children 's movies , Rise of the Guardians mimics the patterns of adult entertainment . Where is the magic in that ?
Along with ` Frankenweenie , ' it is the most beautiful animated film of the year .
In a down year for animated features , this is a terrific blend of PG-rated battles and soulful character dynamics .
As its cleverly rendered fairy tale heroes whiz past , it 's hard not to feel manipulated , but it 's not too difficult to enjoy the ride .
DreamWorks Animation - which minted a fortune by making animated fantasies that spoof and/or ridicule the traditional fairy tale foundation of the form - finally embrace its inner child , and the result is the company 's greatest film to date ...
... a charming fantasy that children will appreciate more than cynical adults .
My suggestion is to hire a babysitter to take the kiddies -- then go see `` Silver Linings Playbook '' in a neighboring auditorium .
My only complaint is the filmmakers seem to condone snowball fights that make it okay to smack your target in the face . It 's a form of cartoon violence that is meant to be humorous , but instead is cringe-inducing .
The overarching message will be hard to translate for non-believing adults , but the film still offers a worthwhile dose of harmless fun and worthwhile heart .
And as much as I often found myself enchanted by this 3D animated film , based on the series of books by William Joyce , I could n't help noticing that this movie falls into a conundrum I like to call `` You did n't clap loud enough -- Tinkerbell 's dead . ''
Even if the cause and effect of the plot proves fairly impenetrable ... one ca n't deny the film is frequently visually resplendent and imaginative ...
Rise of the Guardians offers an amusing contrast , designed like a reverent Hallmark holiday card that you open to find a Shoebox joke inside .
You leave feeling like they took the images of these characters of childhood wonder and emptied them out of all their wonder .
An engaging mash-up of holiday icons , sort of a `` Justice League '' of fairy tales .
Holiday icons defend childhood in gorgeous adventure .
An ode to the wonder of childhood , a salute to the importance of preserving it , and both a love-letter to and an example of the power of imagination .
Offers up a sense of wonder for children and adults alike .
All this feels formulaic and the believe-in-magic message is even more treacly than typical , but give first-time feature director Peter Ramsey credit for his visual panache .
A satisfying holiday treat for adults and children alike .
The main thing the movie has going for it is its distinct animation style and character design .
It 's not fantastic , but it 's fun ...
The Guardians make a winning team that is a prime candidate for a sequel , just like `` The Avengers . ''
The joy of Peter Ramsey 's clever and well-paced film is how it maintains its focus on the experience of childhood wonder rather than on holiday loot .
`` Rise of the Guardians '' seems a sure bet for kids who still believe - or wished they believed - in magic .
You 'll perhaps need a little patience to fully appreciate Rise of the Guardians , which is likely to grow in stature over time .
The movie 's bid for distinctiveness works in lots of little ways ...
Rise Of The Guardians boasts a great deal of visual energy and amounts to a lot of fun ...
-LSB- A -RSB- dour animated adventure that aspires to holiday joy , but is as enjoyable as a sock full of coal .
A charming if slightly dark and cobwebbed animated feature about how believing in something makes it real , or real enough .
This 3-D cartoon manages to be frantic and bizarre , yet boring .
Peter Ramsey and his art team have created a crisp , colorful fantasy world , sharper-edged than many feature-length children 's cartoons .
An optimistic film for an increasingly cynical and pessimistic age . I really loved it . A film like this should be cherished , celebrated , recommended , and -LRB- yes -RRB- believed in . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
... despite heavy lifting from children 's tales which have come before , `` Rise of the Guardians '' is nonetheless its own delight , largely due to clever jokes , clueless minions , upended traditions and stunning animation .
Rise of the Guardians has the requisite action sequences ... but they are kinetic and have the spark of a conceptual struggle beneath the flashy visuals .
The characters , storytelling and animation reach Pixar-level of greatness and `` Guardians '' is the best action/animated film since `` The Incredibles . ''
A wasted concept that fails to take advantage of its own originality .
There 's more `` wow '' factor involved than genuine charm . It 's fun-enough once , but repeat visits wo n't be necessary .
`` Rise of the Guardians '' gives classic holiday heavyweights a fresh and funny new spin , but it 's the delightful fleshing out of the fantastical `` B team '' that really makes the movie click .
There is a lot to savor in `` Rise of the Guardians , '' but sometimes too much of a good thing can be exhausting .
Hardly an instant classic , being too busy and derivative by half . But portions of it possess a lovely , ethereal charm , and visually it 's very impressive .
Visually rich but cluttered .
With its fanciful razzle-dazzle , Rise of the Guardians is appealing , if slightly hectic , family fare .
A dumb , blandly sloganeering love letter to blind faith and willful denial .
As revisionist holiday fables go , you 're better off watching Aardman 's delightful Arthur Christmas than this lump of coal .
Has a harder edge than I 'm sure most families will be expecting , yet this focus on adventure and concentrated evil creates an engaging movie with plenty of excitement and a true sense of character motivation .
Lost in a dizzying sea of images that will no doubt dazzle the senses , the viewer will cling to the handful of scenes where we 're treated to dramatic dialogue and character development -- because they 're surprisingly solid .
The busy , 3-D animation relies a bit too much on madcap flight sequences and vast , vaulted spaces , but the character design has real warmth , and the animation is frequently witty and sometimes mesmerizing .
Kind of a gateway drug for kids too young for The Avengers , Rise Of The Guardians is what happens when you pump Santa , the Easter Bunny , the Tooth Fairy and the Sandman full of cinematic steroids .
It 's easy to be cynical about holiday movies or even the holidays themselves . Rise of the Guardians simply wo n't let you , though , even if you do n't partake in Christmas or Easter .
Innocence and joy are threatened by the Boogeyman , and from there the plot comes pretty close to mirroring this summer 's The Avengers movie . Mostly in a good way .
It 's not a movie that feels designed to sell toys , it 's a movie that feels designed to spark imaginations .
This animated , 3-D film is essentially a Marvel-ized version of old fairy tales , but `` Rise of the Guardians '' has several things going for it .
`` Rise of the Guardians '' is not the first holiday effort to explore this `` Polar Express '' - style concept , but it 's one of the most inventive .
At times , it approaches some of Pixar 's best .
Gorgeously animated children 's film about the mythical guardians of childhood just misses being magical .
Rise of the Guardians is an unexpected treat , a clever and heartfelt love letter to the wonder of childhood that should delight audiences of all ages this Thanksgiving .
Good thing it 's fun to watch .
Rise of the Guardians is n't the year 's best animated film -- that honor is still held by Wreck-It Ralph -- but it is , more impressively , the year 's best animated film for kids
There 's genuine magic here . Dark magic , even . That 's a good thing .
This spirited enough yarn is sincere and heartening in its belief that our devotion to these youthful myths is healthy for our sense of wonderment .
As vapid and false as The Polar Express , Hop and the tale of Dwayne Johnson becoming the Tooth Fairy . Combined .
The worst animated movie to ever wear the DreamWorks logo .
If I were ten years old again , I 'd be mildly amused .
An act of darkest cynicism
Mostly , the movie keeps things on the near side of fun , and pushes a not-entirely-insipid life perspective . The ratio of staggering craft to innocuous content brings this to a level of better-than-average-contemporary children 's fare .
A real pleasant surprise .
Rise of the Guardians is enjoyable as a stand-alone adventure - not groundbreaking animation but a solidly entertaining 90 minutes for older children and adults .
-LSB- Rise Of The Guardians -RSB- provides plenty of action and colour for younger kids but rarely builds up the sort of emotional momentum necessary to grab the rest of the family .
The story is standard issue : good vs. evil . But the presentation is quite magical , and briskly-paced .
Rise of the Guardians should please family audiences with its strong central characters and its delicate touch with humor and observation , and while it 's a little soft in certain stretches , when it connects , there is magic here .
... a holiday classic in the making .
If Rise of the Guardians is finally never more than the sum of its parts , the parts themselves have real appeal .
All style and no substance , Rise of the Guardians ' gorgeous visual presentation boasts a lot more dimension than its underwhelming script .
A lively and derivative 3D storybook spree for some unlikely action heroes .
Even tots may emerge feeling slightly browbeaten by this colorful , strenuous and hyperactive fantasy , which has moments of charm and beauty but often resembles an exploding toy factory rather than a work of honest enchantment .

@highlight

A sort of Avengers for the elementary school set , Rise of the Guardians is wonderfully animated and briskly paced , but it 's only so-so in the storytelling department .