The dark side of Hollywood is a subgenre in itself and , within it , Maps to the Stars does not navigate a particularly original route . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
By the end , the only thing I really wanted more of was Moore and the sparkling script .
It 's bleak , funny and twisted .
-LSB- Moore is -RSB- back this week in Maps to the Stars , baring her all -LRB- literally -RRB- in a film that just is n't worthy of it .
... as fitting , seductive and gruesome as it is , Maps to the Stars somewhat feels at odds with the director 's insistence that the film is anything but a satirical apocalypse .
Maps to the Stars romanticizes the mentally ill and their darkness . Agatha and Benjie are n't real characters . They 're incest victims , sexual predators , half-baked half-sketched people-types .
Part of what 's exciting about Maps to the Stars , David Cronenberg and Bruce Wagner 's new film about Los Angeles , is the inventiveness and ease with which it stakes out a dark corner of territory under the bright California sun .
The film becomes the purest of horror film , the sort of picture where once the lights come up , we thank whatever deity we adore that , despite our own ample flaws , we are not these people .
So here 's a mean , nasty little piece of work - and I have a feeling director David Cronenberg would take that as the compliment it 's intended to be .
Something of a fascinating misfire , still shot and edited with the precise authority that has defined Cronenberg 's recent period , but jumbled in the search for narrative control and originality .
Bitterly comedic but utterly sad .
Really this is more a barrel of fish than of monkeys - mostly a jaded movie-industry satire -LRB- in a cameo , Carrie Fisher plays herself -RRB- , but also , being Cronenberg , a horror film , full of ghost stories and little monsters .
There 's a cruel honesty to it all that 's engrossing , when it 's not grossing .
We watch to see the worst in Maps , it 's revealed , and absolutely nothing about it is surprising . -LRB- Even the ghosts are predictable . -RRB- Also , unforgivable in the inside-Hollywood canon , Wagner ca n't craft dialogue or be funny to save his life .
It 's an easy , obvious target , which is probably why Maps To The Stars feels like such a crushing disappointment from a filmmaker I usually revere .
One of the ugliest films of the year , Maps to the Stars finds no visual storytelling methods at all , which is especially disappointing given the director 's trademark audaciously sexualised grotesquery would have been a perfect fit ...
`` Maps to the Stars '' fails to entertain or even make sense , at times . It 's more odd than comical . It 's peculiar without being droll .
Maps to the Stars has to be one of the most horrific black comedies I 've ever seen ... and for a meditation on the rich and famous , it felt a little too shallow at times .
Cronenberg is seriously late to the party .
At any rate , you 're not going to bump into anything else this year that resembles it much at all .
Likely fascinating only to people who ca n't believe celebrities get constipated too .
If the mission given to cast members involved depicting the worst of human nature , then mission accomplished , for sure .
Cronenberg 's films are always interesting to look at even when hobbled by a so-so script . Interesting that the screenwriter lets the studio brass off the hook , which indicates a certain tameness .
The characters are tainted in the eyes of society , but these eccentrics are clamoring over each other for their fifteen minutes of fame . Its tangled narrative is convoluted , but there 's just enough in Maps to the Stars to worship in your own way .
The movie is also unfocused and a little too generalized for its targets to really take a hit .
This is n't a lousy film ; it 's a mediocre , ugly film about lousy people .
Hollywood has been disemboweling itself since ... Sunset Boulevard and The Bad and the Beautiful , but those movies seem like Cream of Wheat compared to Cronenberg 's wicked vision .
Maps zeroes in on all the worst things about Hollywood -LRB- especially actors -RRB- and cynically pushes them to the limits of grotesquery , but does it have anything insightful to offer ?
Cronenberg does n't pull any punches in his excoriation of this world , but he does n't provide much revelatory insight either .
`` Maps to the Stars '' loses some steam near the end , and its resolution has the predetermined quality of Greek tragedy writ small . Still , I found it -LRB- as the Replacements song says -RRB- sadly beautiful .
The movie never really gets beyond nastiness , ending with grotesque scenarios that say little about the characters or their circumstances .
This is not the Hollywood satire some have taken it for , but instead , a four-hankie dry weep for the soul of a society where sensation high and low can not match urge and habit .
Nothing about the film is all that titillating or revealing after years of True Hollywood stories , TMZ and weekly Kardashian adventures .
It is not for every taste . It is for the moviegoer who feels kinship with the Japanese gourmand who prizes those toxic slices of puffer fish that numb the lips and tongue .
According to Cronenberg , the script for `` Maps to the Stars , '' by Bruce Wagner , began life more than twenty years ago , and it shows .
Scurvy , hilariously over-the-top ... as much Grand Guignol as show-biz farce ... Cronenberg and Moore get down and dirty , luxuriating in the fetid underbelly of a business built on greed and insecurity .
A dark film to be sure , even for -LRB- director David -RRB- Cronenberg . It emerges as an unpleasant , overly harsh critique . Only Julianne Moore 's knowing take on the self-absorbed , washed-up actress can be called truly significant .
It 's as if the film takes place after the cautionary tales of A Star is Born and Mulholland Drive have been told , and promptly ignored .
The movie becomes so over the top , that Maps -LSB- to the Stars -RSB- devolves from satire into farce .
It 's more effective in the quieter and intimate moments , when the exaggerations reveal a dark sense of humor layered with sardonic wit .
Cronenberg keeps this spinning in such a disorienting way that you 're never really sure where it 's going to go . I felt dead inside after watching Maps to the Stars . But , when I zoomed out , it became more interesting .
An unappealing drama about two families in Hollywood with dreadful family secrets .
Dark sendup of Hollywood mixes wit with abuse , dysfunction .
Maps to the Stars is the work of a stellar ensemble , fired up by the script 's sharp dialogue .
Although it 's been dismissed in some quarters as minor Cronenberg-and criticized for `` getting Hollywood wrong , '' or something-it 's a sneakily powerful movie .
There 's a difference between tart and vinegary and Maps to the Stars is consistently on the wrong side of it .
As if `` Day of the Locust '' had been remade by actual locusts .
There are scads of scabrous inside-Hollywood psychodramas , but never a festering pyre on the order of David Cronenberg and Bruce Wagner 's Maps to the Stars . What a hyperfocused duo of ghouls !
In 2015 , this is what a major work of cinema looks like .
The acting is often as flat as the L.A. sunshine looks in this movie , and the whole thing just has a too-obvious feel to it ; as if the makers watched `` The Player '' a few too many times .
Moore delivers something remarkable here : a completely ego-free portrait of a woman who knows only ego .
MAPS TO THE STARS forgets its initial goal and winds up being what it hates the most : a Hollywood movie .
The movie can be over-the-top and the characters are rarely anything more than vile . And yet , the whole thing is mesmerizing .
David Cronenberg has fashioned a distinguished career making films about death , disease , sexual perversity and violence . But it 's doubtful he 's ever directed anything as scabrous and self-loathing as Maps to the Stars .
You may be feeling not so charitable about the dream factory . If so , boy howdy , does David Cronenberg have a movie for you .
Although the physical and emotional brutality on display is tough to take , it 's hard to dismiss the film 's pitch dark ironies , painful truths and incendiary metaphors .
Julianne Moore caps off her recent triumph as Best Actress in Still Alice with the portrayal of an actress who is simply the worst .
A dark and twisted Hollywood Gothic that - with its mixed-together helpings of incest , murder , madness and surreality - can feel a little more like David Lynch than Cronenberg .
Disturbingly excessive , but perversely funny and emotionally roiling .
For all its venom , `` Maps '' is one of the more compassionate movies from Cronenberg .
A lot of the movie works , but enough does n't for `` Maps to the Stars '' to go down as a lost opportunity and one of this director 's braver missteps .
Cronenberg 's dark comic blast into the dazzle and depravity of Hollyweird . Moore delivers a tour de force of ego unleashed . You can laugh with Maps to the Stars , but you ca n't laugh it off .
an insider 's account of Hollywood inhumanity with nothing new or particularly unique to report
Contains as much sex and gore as any film the Hieronymus Bosch of body horror has created , to less value .
It 's a little too chilly , and in some places too easy . But you may find yourself drawn back to it , and retracing its route from the familiar to the uncanny , from entertainment to revulsion , from dream to nightmare .
Love it or hate it , ... clearly the work of a filmmaker with a unique -- as well as provocative -- vision and a distinctive , compelling style .
An entertaining tour of Tinseltown served with poisoned popcorn .
It rests quite comfortably in the realm of Greek tragedy , dealing in incest , ghosts , and devastating family secrets . It should be noted that Maps to the Stars is also supremely creepy and really funny .
Beyond performances from Moore and Wasikowska that rank among their best , Maps to the Stars is compelling as a weird statement on one directing stalwart 's experience looking inside the machine that he avoided for so long .
The cast offers up an impressive variety of grotesques , even if no performance seems to occupy quite the same tonal register as any other .
If a pointless and nasty Hollywood satire filled with vile characters and no one to root for sounds like a good time , go see Maps to the Stars .
An entertaining entertainment satire that 's long in the making , even though there 's nothing we have n't seen before .
Mr. Cronenberg 's reputation for daring defeats him here .
`` Maps to the Stars '' is an ugly little movie , unrelenting in its despair and depravity , which is exactly how director David Cronenberg wants it .
Cronenberg 's elegant framing and camerawork are reminiscent of a photographer shooting wild fauna - he 's fascinated and amused by this strange land - but his fondness for horror and disturbing imagery eventually seep into the picture .
While it lacks outright Cronenbergian pleasures , `` Maps to the Stars '' repeatedly connects as a dark comedy and insidious display of rancid human behavior .
Maps offers almost nothing but recycled insights , regurgitating ancient anti-Hollywood clichés . It 's a movie you 've seen many times before , just never in the perverse key of Cronenberg .
A cool , messed up movie from Cronenberg .
This is n't a parody of a bad Hollywood satire ; it 's like an alien world that 's an antiseptic recreation of Los Angeles shot in bland digital - where even the Hollywood sign is on a tiny , disheartening molehill .
This train wreck is nasty and mean without making any coherent point .
Ultimately , `` Maps '' does n't take us anywhere we have n't been before , but it 's an occasionally fascinating , if messy , ride .
The goal here is cynical satire . The result , sadly , is just a yawn .
Whatever celluloid renaissance David Cronenberg once experienced seems to be cracking and his latest production adds a nasty fissure .
Even the kinky stuff seems dull , after a while
Whenever Moore 's onscreen - which , thankfully , is often - Maps to the Stars works like gangbusters .
Exercising spectacular control , director David Cronenberg permits not a single iota of humanity or altruism to sneak into this twisted tale .
It is a difficult movie -- at once bitterly funny , deeply unsettling and sometimes a little silly . That 's not a bad description of Hollywood and the cult of celebrity , too .
Maps To The Stars is never less than queasily compelling .
This does n't feel like a movie where grown-ups were involved .
Quite hilarious in a deeply disturbing way that you wo n't want to look straight on at , lest it forever ruin you as a lover of movies .
Has elements of `` The Players , '' `` Mulholland Drive , '' and `` Myra Breckenridge . ''
Though hardly a feel-good film for the ages , this drop down the other side of a career peak lands exactly in the very place it should .
It offers up plenty of reasons to avoid Hollywood , but few reasons why you 'd want to watch the movie . Is it a sendup of the film business , a ghostly nightmare , or a stone-cold drama about dysfunctional families ? It 's hard to say .
A scabrous journey through Hollywood 's malignant mindset that starts with narcissism and ends with death rituals .
An abrasive , funny , smartly acted meditation on life in contemporary Hollywood .
I was distanced but not bored .
Technically very simple , Maps lacks the style and flair we associate with the master Canadian auteur . But the money here is in the performances ... It 's fun and bizarre and laugh-out loud funny at times .
With its themes of incest , suicide , death and greed , Maps to the Stars is a caricature masquerading as a satire and playing like a nihilist expose .
Using the worst of Hollywood to glue its string of unlikeable , disturbed characters together , David Cronenberg has created a bizarre and repulsive reality of extremes .
More ghost story and psychodrama than satire , Maps to the Stars suggests a world of the inescapable , in which everything comes back to haunt you .
The nadir of David Cronenberg 's progressively spotty career ...
Setting up his characters like so many whirling dervishes in an open square , Cronenberg lets his humans spin in circles , where every so often , they bump into each other and make a bruise , or worse .
Cronenberg 's vision is as bright as a sunlamp , sterile as an operating theatre and still as a morgue .
David Cronenberg pans satiric gold from the muck of celebrity ills , in a Tinseltown where reality depends on your dosage .
With none of the characters happy at work , Cronenberg turns the screw on all of them at home in a brazenly unhinged , classy psychological horror thriller .
Digital filmmaking has a lot to answer for - much of it good , but a lot of it bad . Its biggest crime , however , may be eradicating David Cronenberg of style .
It could be a long time before Canada 's favourite son finds himself invited to an awards after party .
A script written in venom , Cronenberg on bullish form and a cast on full power ; this is one of the best Hollywood take-downs ever mounted .
A tale of terminal Tinseltown wastrels with the twisted structure of a Greek tragedy and the rictus grin of a freshly poisoned sitcom .
As it explores Hollywood 's inbred underbelly , this film becomes increasingly deranged and also rather dark and creepy , but it 's so fiercely entertaining that it 's impossible to look away from the screen .
Horrifying , hallucinatory and deliciously compelling .
Cinematographer Peter Suschitzky 's glossy fug and all that ugly beauty makes it impossible not to think of David Lynch 's Twin Peaks on Ambien . Repugnant in the best sense .
Hollywood , with all its surface chumminess and lingering , murderous hatreds , provides an ideal backdrop for Bruce Wagner 's scabrous screenplay , and Cronenberg tackles the subject with an almost gleeful relish .
As `` Havana Segrand , '' an actress dying for a big comeback , Moore illustrates her most vibrant and fruitful interpretation since `` Cathy Whitaker '' in Far from Heaven .
It reveals itself as far more Cronenbergian than it first seemed , full of that dreamy enrapturement with aberration and perversity , offering no moral stance .
Cronenberg 's movie fuses elements of Mommie Dearest and Sunset Blvd with the dreamy surreality of David Lynch 's Mulholland Drive ...
Full of intrigue and well-orchestrated twists , it 's a brutal yet funny viewing experience .
Remorseless , relentless and underscored by a pitch black humour , this is an acidic assault on a Hollywood stoned on the self-delusion that it 's a hard-working utopia , an altruistic fountain gushing the milk of human kindness .
David Cronenberg indulges in a grotesque inter-family orgy on the golden sidewalks of Hollywood .
The Canadian horror maestro scrapes away the surface of Hollywood to discover a magnificently Cronenbergian outbreak of tortured families , reprehensible behaviour and extreme violence .
A significant disappointment , more grim family saga about a literally incestuous show business family than lively , entertaining or even vaguely amusing comedy .
The whole thing rarely rises above in-jokey parody , and we hardly ever care enough about the characters to feel anything at all .
Moore makes the character 's inner fury and outer serenity simultaneously accessible to us without either predominating . Her carefree external laughter can not extinguish the screams inside .
David Cronenberg , master of horror both of body and mind , offers a Machiavellian tribute to Hollywood ; an elaborate circus of errors that 's not too far from the fake smiles and boardroom handshakes of the real thing .
The dialogue bites and scratches and there is the sting of something like the truth in certain situations , but as the clunky plot laboriously joins the dots towards a melodramatic finale it all feels desperately obvious and not a little silly .
For these fractured family units , incest seems the natural endgame of a merit system based exclusively on pernicious nepotism and inveterate ass-kissing .
A rude and raucous LA cesspool reality check especially for star struck audience obsessives , the film walks an exceedingly fine line between exposing Hollywood self-dehumanization , and crossing it . Along with retaliatory menstruation , and other delights .
A `` map to the stars '' can be two different things : a tacky accessory of celebrity culture , or a diagram of cosmic energy .
... the satirical tone feels off-key and the narrative is disappointingly disjointed but seemingly aware of it , as if it 's playfully reveling in its lack of cinematic coherence .
The metaphysical bores Cronenberg , and it shows ...
Better than COSMOPOLIS but goes off the rails in the second half . Has some brilliant moments .
Maps to the Stars sees Cronenberg relapsing into old habits , for better or worse .
Moore delivers the film 's most consistently , fascinatingly insecure performance , embodying an entire industry 's desperation and determination within the fraying persona of a nearly-there has-been .
So crisply directed , furiously paced and gleefully performed that you go along for the ride .
It has some of the satirical flavour of Nathanael West 's Day Of The Locust and some of the warped , dream-like feel of David Lynch 's Mulholland Drive .
Jaded Hollywood satire and portentous family melodrama make for a wearisome combination in David Cronenberg 's misjudged latest .
If Sunset Boulevard , All About Eve and Kenneth Anger 's Hollywood Babylon took a bunch of prescription medication ... had a three-way and conceived a child , nine months later the child would look something like Map To The Stars .
There 's a clinical detachment to -LSB- the film -RSB- ... evident in the soap-opera cinematography , the half-hearted plotting and the contempt with which -LSB- Cronenberg -RSB- treats his characters .
For a movie that has so many problems , it is one of the more watchable ones .
Cronenberg 's film takes place in a kind of pharmaceutically heightened hyper-reality of its own : it 's not so much a twisted dream of making it in show-business , as a writhing , hissing , Hollywood waking nightmare .
Cronenberg never strays from the big picture of a world not only comprised of destructive impulses , but designed to breed more of them .
I do n't get it . I look at these images in this film , and I ca n't imagine this is what anyone had in mind .
This creepy portrait of Beverly Hills screw-ups is deeply silly , but it has just enough venomous bite
A gripping and exquisitely horrible movie about contemporary Hollywood - positively vivisectional in its sadism and scorn .
The film does n't quite get away with its attempt to reconcile satire with pathos , but it comes perilously close .
Comes off like a prank more than a coherent take on 21st century Hollywood , even if there are crumbs of truth and wit scattered throughout it .
Part showbiz sendup , part ghost story , part dysfunctional-family drama , the movie instead comes across as so much jaded mumbo-jumbo .
Cronenberg is now in a phase that simply no longer speaks to me , a cold and dreary cinema that 's as dull as it is forgettable .

@highlight

Narratively unwieldy and tonally jumbled , Maps to the Stars still has enough bite to satisfy David Cronenberg fans in need of a coolly acidic fix .