No matter how good all this looks , there 's not enough tension to keep us on our toes and not enough depth of character to make us care how it all plays out .
The leads , including a demeaned Gemma Arterton , are sparkling high-rollers but no one really emerges a winner from this forgettable low-risk , low-stakes drama .
There may have been a good movie somewhere in Runner Runner but it 's not even in sight as it stands nows .
The story is so inconsequential that the best performances in the world would hardly make a dent in its snooze-worthy screenplay .
Ultimately , Runner Runner is really just a movie designed to provide some background noise as you update your Facebook .
Mixes the vacuous and tedious , slick and predictable , smarmy and smug . There 's gambling lingo , racism or sleaziness spouting from the mouths of male a ** holes , conversations steaming with banal bluster , and tropical scenes out of perfume and liqueur ads .
A bland retelling of a familiar story that lies in the shadow of smarter and sleeker films like ` The Firm . '
... it 's ultimately impossible to downplay the rampant ineffectiveness of virtually every aspect of the proceedings .
Its pedigree may seem like a trump card , but make no mistake -- Runner Runner is bluffing .
Five years from now , I can see this movie constantly slotted on networks like USA and TNT to fill the programming gaps .
Justin Timberlake can not carry a movie on his own and this one sinks under his efforts . Still the plot of the movie is pretty much run of the mill in its own right
There 's nothing glaringly wrong with it , but it 's so glossily mediocre that it 's impossible to recommend to anyone not contemplating a lengthy plane journey .
Stars Justin Timberlake , the perfect vanilla pseudoadult for a story of pseudoadult intrigues and pleasures .
Runner Runner gives both -LSB- Justin Timberlake and Ben Affleck -RSB- room to show what they can do , and rather than pump up the volume , they play it close to the vest , as good gamblers would .
The actors hit the jackpot , but only in terms of their paychecks . The audience gets a tension-free , tight-assed , Casino ripoff that leaves them thoroughly fleeced .
Director Furman and cinematographer Mauro Fiore make lovely work of the tropical light , but the film has none of the loose-limbed energy of Furman 's stealth hit , The Lincoln Lawyer .
The mannered speech is fun , the players are charismatic , and director Brad Furman maintains an agreeably brisk pace .
This lurid and choppy morality tale is a pale copy of those Ben Mezrich books about Ivy League guys who get in over their heads by gambling .
Will Richie regain his moral compass ? Can our young turk turn the tables on his scheming mentor ? If you 're hoping for a surprise answer to any of these questions , then you are watching the wrong movie .
The eye rolls are plentiful during this far-fetched thriller that provides little insight into corruption in the high-stakes world of online gambling .
No reason to run run to see Runner Runner .
Unremarkable Internet gambling thriller , where every move made is a losing one .
Runner Runner feels like a movie you 've seen a hundred times on cable , and hearkens back to numerous , thoroughly average , mid-budgeted dramatic thrillers of the mid - '90s that will fill programming slots on late night forever .
It looks like everybody 's lying , and that 's only because the acting is pretty bad .
A generic Hollywood thriller that has dumbed itself down and forgets about characters .
The movie mostly wants to look timely and seem topical . Instead , it feels irrelevant .
Various subplots are given short shrift and the whole thing feels more like a Cliff 's Notes version of a longer piece than an actual finished motion picture .
Runner Runner '' is a lifeless dramatic crime thriller that is never able to wake up from hibernation . It 's like a tasteless alcoholic concoction that no amount of shaking or stirring could possibly add any sort of flavor to .
Runner Runner is elevated by solid performances but , for a story about gambling and striving for greatness , the film -LRB- ironically -RRB- takes very few risks .
Runner Runner falls flat , and keeps getting up when it really should just stay down .
It 's a fast-paced thriller that simply refuses to establish any sense of tension or danger , and the characters are paper thin .
Just when it seems like the writing ca n't get any lazier , Richie fills in the narrative blanks via a voice-over that squeezes in every gambling metaphor this side of Las Vegas
This dicey melodrama stacks the deck , meaning that buying a ticket is a gamble that does n't pay off . Rent ` Rounders ' instead .
You want the movie to get outrageous , but it 's too dignified to go there . Much like its central villain , it ca n't decide what it wants to be .
Paying for this movie wo n't make you angry , but it will give you a chance to catch a solid nap in a nice cool theater .
This is more the fault of the lacklustre script than the actors , who do what they can with a story that never quite gets out of first gear .
Title refers to 4.2 % chance you have in poker of hitting flush ... Any poker player will know that initial set of cards is known as the `` flop , '' a fair description for this film with even longer odds at finding an appreciative audience .
Lame ` Wall Street ' knockoff . Timberlake is Leo-lite , but Affleck is fun as the heavy .
not to put too fine a point on its subject matter , Runner Runner feels like a safe bet for its filmmakers . But thankfully , smart playing on their part makes it a safe one for audiences as well .
-LSB- W -RSB- e 're not really sure what the message is ...
What begins as a potentially interesting peek into the seedy world of online gambling quickly becomes a bore . Just fold and walk away .
The ultimately forgettable Runner Runner is , for a gambling film , markedly risk-averse .
It 's easy to imagine how much better Runner Runner would be if it had a little more grit and a little less gloss , a little less humidity and a little more humanity ; as the film stands , it 's a losing bet for all concerned .
By the time the turn is flipped , ` Runner Runner ' is left crossing its fingers , praying for coherency .
Lightweight and predictable . A waste of time .
Affleck is too personable to be convincing as an amoral scumbag , especially when the crocodiles gather to make acquaintance with a stooge who 's fallen into disfavor .
Takes us inside the world of Internet gambling which proves every bit as fascinating as you 'd imagine , by which I mean , not at all .
Feels like it was made by people who saw Wall Street and Rounders and thought they were just too damn exciting .
`` Runner Runner '' is card dead , a middling , mediocre thriller that uses some poker lingo to try to wrangle the audience that got hooked the first time around .
He 's back ! Behold , the second coming of . . . Badfleck .
`` Runner Runner '' is the kind of meat-and-potatoes genre picture that might be passable if the people involved in making it had given the same thought and concentration to the development of the plot and the ending as they did to the fairly involving set-up .
You see `` Runner Runner 's '' hand before it 's played , and there 's nothing to keep you playing .
The film will make a decent rental in a few months time . But to lay down good money now , to see it in a theater ? That 's a chump 's move .
The odds of hitting a ` runner runner ' flush -LRB- in Texas Hold 'Em -RRB- are ` roughly four percent . ' Coincidentally , those are the same odds you 'll be satisfied with your purchase of a ticket to Runner Runner .
As a thriller , the film is languidly paced and predictable , low on threat or narrative momentum . As a character drama , it is superficial and two dimensional , the people onscreen either stick-figure constructs or too wishy-washy to make an impression .
Packs mucho star power , boasts a gorgeous Costa Rican locale , and yet lacks the one thing that every thriller needs to succeed : actual thrills .
` Runner Runner ' is a thriller that does n't want to do the leg work to actually be a good thriller . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Watching Brad Furman 's tedious ` Runner Runner ' feels like learning the rules of a card game you do n't want to play .
Justin Timberlake lacks the charisma needed to make his quest believable .
Exactly the kind of movie that should be lost in the cracks .
After an intriguing setup , Runner Runner devolves into a by-the-books thriller .
You 've seen all of this before . There 's nothing new in the story beats or in the movie 's construction .
`` Runner Runner '' is less than mediocre , but it 's not repellent , which means that to watch it is to root for it - and to be disappointed .
Even with Affleck doing his Rat Pack best , by the end of `` Runner Runner , '' the chill is gone .
`` Runner Runner '' is a bummer . Bummer .
Not even a stellar turn from Ben Affleck can completely save Runner Runner from its banal , brainless script . Vacant performances from Justin Timberlake and Gemma Arterton only add to the sense of overwhelming futility .
This crime thriller 's script plays more like an early draft that still lacks the nuts 'n' bolts crime and nervy thrills
It 'll be gone completely from my memory by Monday , and that seems like a shame considering all the talent assembled to try to make it work .
Forgettable fun for a Saturday afternoon on cable , but do n't bet on this to be a worthwhile experience at the theater .
`` Runner Runner '' comes up short of being a full house at the movies .
Runner Runner is a run-of-the-mill rise-and-fall story , treating its hero to fabulous , exotic luxury before tugging the rug out from under him .
The movie is like a set-up to a set-up .
It feels like a halfhearted bluff and has the stale smell of yesterday 's after-shave .
Even with its glossy Costa Rican setting , Runner Runner is a vacant excursion with plot holes the size of a small Caribbean island .
Here is a film in which a man is covered in chicken fat and thrown into a pit of crocodiles , and you still can barely keep your eyes open .
Even when you have no clue what they 're talking about , you know exactly where the movie 's going and can pretty much tell from your watch how and when they 'll get there .
A piece of lurid pulp ... -LSB- whose -RSB- similarity to ' 21 ' is so striking that it should really be titled ` Rerunner Rerunner . '
It 's not that `` Runner Runner '' is predictable . It 's that you do n't care , either about the characters or what happens to them .
Do Affleck and Timberlake , who together should have enough cash to make Midas jealous , need a payday this badly ? That 's the only real mystery at the heart of Runner Runner , a dull , slow-jog of a thriller that 's less whodunit than why bother .
Feels like it could drag on forever , and drag us down into a purgatory of stupefaction with it .
It is oxymoronically a thriller that fails to live up to the genre , playing it safe from start to finish with an insipid hero , a pedestrian plot and a conclusion that is as predictable as the phases of the moon .
Be aware , poker fans . `` Runner Runner '' is bluffing .
Could have been a legitimately great film , instead we 're left with the trappings of one , with mere opulence substituted for substance .
It puts a premium on sleight-of-hand cleverness and glossy style , but it is n't particularly clever or stylish .
Reiterating that onscreen cool and edge ca n't be faked , Runner Runner feels a little like an offshore , Internet-era version of Wall Street .
The opening teases discomfort and desperation , only to end as easily as a network television drama . Now where 's the risk in that ?
Ben Affleck does n't do `` sinister . ''
Provides the world with very little except some great clips for Ben Affleck 's eventual Golden Globe Life Achievement reel .
The only passion attached to this production is Lab Colour Timer , Jim Passon .
A nifty , fast-talking , energetic film that dares turn the virtual - and virtually unfilmable - world of on-line gambling into a high-stakes thriller full of fights , gringos , hungry crocodiles and a perpetually pouting , glammed-up Gemma Arterton .
Odds are you 'll have forgotten most of the film before the end credits finish rolling .
Should you take a punt on gambling thriller Runner Runner ? The high-stakes plot , glossy locations and even glossier cast certainly look tempting , but stump up the cash and you 'll probably come away feeling cheated .
A 50-50 bet for anyone fancying a Saturday night popcorn punt .
-LSB- Affleck is -RSB- the only good thing about Brad Furman 's glossy , Costa Rica-set thriller .
Like a game of online poker , the thrills in Runner Runner come in small increments . Pretty but vacant , it 's unremarkable and entirely forgettable .
The director and writers give up and abandon us to a soggy mess of uninteresting gangland disputes .
The film moves quickly initially , mostly to blow past the fact that its premise is hard to swallow , but it settles into an attractive pace as the tension rises .
The cast are excellent but the script reveals its hand too soon . There is n't surprise or suspense in the third act .
This is a lazy , trashy film that barely goes through the motions . It wallows endlessly by the swimming pool and then gives a perfunctory frown of pious disapproval .
Dull and perfunctory , this is a crime thriller that sets itself up as a revenge story but ca n't manage to drum up any excitement or suspense , and precious little revenge , either .
Makes up for its lacks of originality with more flash than a One Direction press conference .
An insipid , incoherent thriller which trades solely in slick one liners .
A bland and unsophisticated crime thriller set in the world of online gambling which sees Justin Timberlake and Ben Affleck go head to head and through the motions .
A crime-and-gambling thriller with Ben Affleck going head to head with Justin Timberlake . Result : they knock each other out like football players rising to head the same ball .
Runner Runner starts off with a solid draw , then folds on the flop .
Clearly something went horribly wrong as this thriller was being made , because despite a solid cast , gorgeous locations and an intriguing premise , the film is an incoherent mess .
Once all of the film 's cards have been revealed , it 's hard not to feel a little cheated .
In poker terms , Runner Runner is the player who wins an average stack of chips , bets moderately , cashes out even and leaves before the game gets interesting .
One day , our kids will ask where we were when we first saw Runner Runner . That , or it 'll get lost in the annals of time ; caught between the metaphorical couch-cushions of The Firm and Boiler Room .
It 's not so much the well-worn template that 's the problem here , it 's the superficiality with which the story unspools .
Despite -LSB- its -RSB- stacked deck of a cast , `` Runner Runner '' adds up to little more than a charmless , paint-by-numbers thriller ...
An uncompelling , sketchy telling of an intriguing crime story .
The movie is burdened with plenty of gambling-as-a-metaphor-for-life platitudes and two stars who never fully convince in their roles .
The entire cast is short-changed in a film that prioritises cheap thrills over characters you can invest in , and the problem is compounded by a plot that is designed by the numbers .
Occasionally engaging and sometimes thrilling ; just not often enough
Risk taking and assessing the odds are the key components of this taut and highly enjoyable thriller in which dreams rely on a dice toss ... a guilty pleasure of a rollercoaster ride with high stakes . And a satisfying one , at that
Justin Timberlake and Ben Affleck give their best poker faces but ultimately fail to convince you to gamble your cash away on this limp , unoriginal story of a man out of his depth .

@highlight

It has an impressive cast and an intriguing premise , but Runner Runner wastes them on a bland , haphazardly assembled thriller with very little payoff .