At least in Big Miracle people stop haranguing others across the aisle and start working together .
But even more delightful is to see so many favorite actors , some of whom you 'll know and others of whom you will recognize , having so much fun in a film that could have failed in so many different ways and instead triumphs .
Big Miracle has all the important elements required to deliver a heartfelt family drama .
`` Big Miracle '' is quite the whale of a tale . Miraculous ? Maybe . Predictable ? Mostly . Delightful ? Absolutely .
A heavy-handed script and an obnoxious main character help sink this environmental drama .
There are more subtle movies out there , but few more uplifting .
Big Miracle is invested with solid craftsmanship and a nuanced view of how idealism , pragmatism , and politics intersect .
This is , well , huge .
Political cynicism , media opportunism , dogmatic native traditions , corporate greed and environmentalist stubbornness are each , in turn , dashed against this sunny confection .
funny , tear jerking , smart , and not a little subversive with a few well-place jabs at unexpectedly deserving parties as well as a few kudos in a few surprising places
Genial feelgood story inspired by a true story that made headlines in 1988 .
Big Miracle , beyond its bland , nondescript title , delivers exactly what the coming attraction promised , an enjoyable save-the-whales '' tale .
The makers attempt to coat their fascinatingly bitter pill with saccharine . They are , however , only partially successful .
-LSB- S -RSB- urprisingly pleasant ... Feel-good hokum is achieved with a minimum of groans induced thanks to director Ken Kwapis ' light touch ...
Big Miracle has some decent special effects and a young boy will help it to feel more relevant to children .
Ponderously sincere but it does tell a good story .
Krasinski and Barrymore are very likable characters with screen charisma . They seem at ease having previously worked with Kwapis . The movie 's other chief strengths are the excellent casting choices , the cinematography and the lifelike animatronic puppets .
It is a laborious , sentimental drama featuring a self-parodic performance from Drew Barrymore , based on a TV news event that briefly gripped the US in 1988 .
Inspiring as any family-centric film can be , without being too insipid and manipulative .
A grounding in the real-life story makes this film much less sentimental than it looks .
The whales are so appealing , and the fight to free them from their ice prison so excitingly feel-good , that all cynicism is put aside , making this very decent family entertainment .
Much better than the poster or trailer suggests .
Well made and superbly acted by a strong ensemble cast , this is an enjoyable , warmly written drama that resists the temptation to overdose on sentimentality and delivers a strong message .
Gripping , funny and uplifting with some lively characters ...
It 's a worthy story , straightly told .
If it was n't based on a true story it would be laughable , but since it is , it is enjoyable .
The simplistic script draws broad strokes not making anyone a clear villain , assuring that everyone can rest easy knowing that sometimes even evil oil barons -LRB- Ted Danson -RRB- are willing to free Willy .
By-the-book dialogue and lame performances do the film no favours but , hey , worse things happen at sea .
May not be a miracle , let alone a big one , but it is a genuine delight .
When I was twelve , I remember thinking , hoping and praying for the trapped whales . ` Big Miracle ' does just enough to bring those feelings back .
The sledgehammer emoting should let you know you 're in a family drama .
I 've got to say , Big Miracle is a heck of a lot more entertaining and enjoyable than I remotely figured it was going to be before I stepped into the theatre .
Barrymore , in full granola mode with righteous fire in her eyes , has seldom been so appealing onscreen .
This is a movie that did n't grab me at first , but it pummeled me into enjoying it by the end .
Big Miracle manages to be funny , emotional , and entertaining without being manipulative . It 's a good family film that will tug at the hearts of the audience .
The biggest miracle is that director Ken Kwapis and screenwriters Jack Amiel and Michael Beger did not turn this beautiful , inspirational nearly-true story into an over - sentimentalized farce .
It 's heartwarming and inspiring to see human ingenuity rise up to overcome the inordinate number of obstacles that threaten the operation .
A decent family-friendly film for animal lovers that 's reminiscent of Warner Bros ' surprise box office hit of 2011 , Dolphin Tale .
The film comprises innumerable expository scenes , leavened with uninspired comic relief .
Big Miracle is all formula , but with just enough savvy to temper the gentle-spiritedness and qualify it as that rare family film with an emotional manipulativeness that does n't leave a sick slick in the mouth .
The title pretty much gives away the ending , as if there was any doubt .
Animal-rescue tale has one death but otherwise OK for kids .
A story of big whales and big media
For one great big Warm Fuzzy , it 's an extremely watchable movie . The cast , led by John Krasinski and Drew Barrymore , are enjoyable to hang out with .
There 's something refreshing about a kids ' movie that manages to get through its entire length without a poop joke .
Ends up feeling like some kind of saccharine paean to the virtues of self-interest , a Hallmark special scripted by Ayn Rand
Yes . The plight of the whales and the world 's reaction is a real story . The movie , however , does n't feel authentic . But take a hanky just in case . Authentic or not , Big Miracle is n't bad .
It 's not quite a miracle , but it is impressive how much this respects the intelligence of its young viewers .
The inherently compelling premise is , in the film 's early stages , heightened by the efforts of an impressively diverse roster of performers ...
Perhaps the title sets an expectation Ken Kwapis ' movie ca n't quite deliver .
If you 're looking for a passable film to take the kids to this weekend , Miracle offers a smart enough take on its feel-good plot to keep adult viewers tuned in .
Inspiring , real and heartwarming .
Wins most of us over by being nice about 90 % of the time .
`` You 're not as easy to hate as I thought ! '' Barrymore says to Danson . Those initially resistant to Big Miracle may reach the same conclusion .
With its big heart and congenial cast , this family-friendly eco-drama is an easy movie to like .
Family-friendly , fee-good , inspirational story - and watch the closing credits for a glimpse of young Sarah Palin as an Anchorage sportscaster .
`` Big Miracle '' might be subtitled , `` How Hollywood Turned a Real Story Into Bogus Fiction . ''
Big Miracle is what Free Willy would be if everybody in the latter movie had cynical motivations .
Big Miracle is not one of those whale tales that leaves the audience blubbering , but it 's open to the allure of the imposing creatures , which resemble long boulders that have come to life .
`` Big Miracle '' should n't really work , but it does .
Cold War-era bonding over whales ? It would sound utterly absurd if it were n't based on fact . And that 's part of what makes this movie fun for adults .
There 's something admirable about the attempt to incorporate so many diverse beliefs , but Big Miracle does so to the point of sacrificing narrative cohesion .
Too naive for the tricky grown-up issues it tackles , but not smart or sweet enough to get away with it .
It 's a surprisingly layered film that is at its best when it steps out of its black-and-white main narrative and explores the gray areas of what happens when competing interests get involved for a good cause -LRB- Parental Review also available -RRB-
... a bit of a miracle itself , with its complicated story told with wit , passion , and excitement . It 's a family film that ought to please all ages .
One of those formulaic , bare-minimum efforts that confuses meaning well for being worthwhile .
Given the abundance of one-dimensional human portrayals , it becomes apparent that a documentary on the subject might have been more powerful .
Whale fans will blubber , but uneven Miracle flounders in its hunt for narrative focus .
`` Big Miracle '' gets off to a shaky start , but once revved up , it becomes an involving work-against-the-clock-and-the-odds action movie .
It is a whale of a comic tale , if also one overly crowded with characters and incidents .
Manipulative in the extreme but surprisingly enjoyable nonetheless ... It 's a minor miracle that ` Big Miracle ' is as pleasant as it is .
Instead of this being a story of a bunch of lovely people doing a lovely thing , it 's rather the story of average people who become much better people as a result of doing a lovely thing , even though some start out doing it for less than noble reasons .
There may not be a second of say , Whale Rider 's lyricism -LRB- that 's still the best whale movie out there -RRB- , but this energetic family movie is less insipid than it looks .
It 's amazing a movie has n't been made about these Reagan-era events before now . But the enjoyable `` Big Miracle '' offers perspective , balancing sentiment with healthy skepticism about human motivations .
It needs only to entertain . And that it does thoroughly , leaving us both charmed and enriched without feeling very preached at . Praise be .
The longer Big Miracle goes on , the more it settles for an amiable communitarianism chased down by a PG group-hug finale .
... what really recommends it , besides the obvious ` Save the Whales ' appeal , is a fascinating central story about disparate groups ... all joining forces for good .
The genuinely sweet nature of this sometimes clunky movie is mixed with a little sass , and wins you over .
`` Big Miracle , '' perhaps inadvertently ... delivers a message custom-made for our times : That somewhere between avarice and ideology there 's a path people can walk together to save the planet .
pretty much resembles a message-y family-friendly movie about saving some whales , which obviously is n't the worst thing in the world
The stereotypes are bruising , built into a laborious script that piles on the setbacks , stretching the story out with a routine of disaster every 10 minutes , making any new design of whale rescue a predictable failure .
If you think it 's absolutely not your kind of thing , you might be surprised .
A thematically rich drama about the efforts to save three trapped whales that speaks volumes about cross-cultural misunderstandings , media circuses , and the good that can rise to surface when opposing groups work together .
It 's not as inspiring or heartwarming as it should be , and footage during the credits suggest it would have made a better documentary .
Corny but more effective than a poster pleading ` Save the whales ! '
The whales at the center of the story ... get lost amid all the criss-crossing love stories , political wheeler-dealing and well-intentioned but inadequate rescue missions .
With such a large and likable cast , the whales are a relatively small part of the movie . But the wonder of `` Big Miracle '' is that their fate can make a cold-hearted audience blubber .
Any goodwill it boasts is terminally suppressed , buried beneath a layer of bulls -- as thick as blubber .
The movie balances its sentimental side with a healthy dose of cynicism .
A real life-based drama that 's pleasantly warm but overly busy and short on emotional oomph .
`` Big Miracle '' tells its sort-of-true version of events in a democratic and humane fashion , by way of a rangy , lively group of competing interests who actually do on occasion act like real people .
Far better and far more adult than it really has any right to be .
Keeps the film from getting too cluttered by with performances that give us an instant connection to the humans literally trying to save the whales .
Things go wrong then right then wrong again , with ... too many convenient romances , trumped-up crises and reversals of conscience to clear up while those poor whales suffer . Big Miracle is n't an entirely bad movie but a wholly misguided one .
Fictional treatment of the 1988 effort to rescue three whales trapped under Alaskan ice features a wide-ranging cast of characters and offers solid family entertainment .
Formulaic and predictable in the way most Hollywood versions of inspirational true tales are , Big Miracle benefits from the likeable personalities of its characters and the actors who play them , Krasinksi and Barrymore .
Like a whale itself , `` Big Miracle '' is large and unwieldy -- but it also has its moments of splendor .
Miracle eschews black and white - even the Inupiat have ulterior motives - for shades of grey .
While rooting for the marine mammals -LRB- and wishing for more footage of them-and even of their animatronic incarnations -RRB- , your heart will also go out to the cast , stuck even more pitiably in syrupy manufactured crises .




@highlight

Big Miracle uses real-life events as the basis for a surprisingly satisfying family drama .