Elle Fanning is vivid in her conveyance of the hurt , anger and loneliness of being different .
An interesting look at a little girl 's struggle to control her disease .
The whimsical and outlandish flights of fantasy are what initially grab the attention , but the greatest virtues are the authentic performances by the cast .
Believable and engaging , Fanning nearly renders the ensuing bore watchable
An off-putting , misguided disease-of-the-week picture that tries to disguise itself as something else before finally coming clean .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- resists being pigeonholed or easily labeled -- because , like Phoebe herself , the movie is brilliant and a little strange and wonderfully unique .
Ultimately , watching the film becomes a frustrating and annoying experience .
Movies featuring exceptional young actresses have always been near and dear to my heart . Elizabeth Taylor , Tatum O'Neal , Anna Paquin ------ to mention a few ----- are particular favorites of mine . Now I must add Elle Fanning to that list .
`` Phoebe in Wonderland '' gradually morphs into a psychological drama of deep intensity , with an astounding performance by Fanning .
It needs the power of imagination to be done effectively and I just did n't think it was here .
I thought this was delightful , a little depressing at times but with three stellar performances from Fanning , Huffman , and Patricia Clarkson .
Elle Fanning , the ten-year-old sister of Dakota , can act like nobody 's business , and it is her remarkable ability that carries an otherwise artistic mess of a movie .
There 's a lot more perspiration than inspiration .
It 's ` Fanning ` tastic !
Though Phoebe is nearly too dark for children and nearly too simple for adults , it succeeds as a swirling reminder of what it felt like to get lost in imagination
Phoebe in Wonderland has strong , well-nuanced performances and occasionally moving scenes , but often feels pretentious , uneven and slightly vapid .
Despite slow pacing and stretches of clunky dialogue , it is visually imaginative , frank and sensitive as it avoids being another tearjerker about children who are different .
A small movie in size , but large in heart and enthusiasm . Global warming be damned , Elle Fanning 's smile alone could melt the polar ice caps .
The taxing whimsy of Phoebe in Wonderland proves more grating than poignantly escapist .
Visuals aside , what drags Phoebe in Wonderland along is Fanning 's performance , but the rest of the film never rises up to the level of her simple moments counting steps or explaining that she has to wash her hands a certain number of times .
-LSB- Elle Fanning is -RSB- an astonishingly natural and unmannered actress who carries this rather ungainly movie on her narrow shoulders .
Barnz has made a poignant family movie that , despite its thematic material and brief profanity , is appropriate for mature 10-year-olds and older .
Let Clarkson and Fanning take you to the rabbit hole of seductive enchantment that defines this movie .
Touching , at times intense drama teaches tolerance , empathy .
Writer-director Daniel Barnz manages to achieve a true and delicate balance for much of Phoebe in Wonderland , his first feature , but ultimately undermines himself with heavy-handed and rather hackneyed whimsy .
It 's a rare thing when a labor of love turns out to be worth both the labor and the love .
Phoebe in Wonderland introduces us to a smart new talent in Barnz and lets the more established members of its cast work at their top capacity . It 's a film about kids graced with a mature aesthetic and rare behavioral wisdom .
The screenplay is unusual in its reliance on children for many of the scenes , and its understanding of the drama in the heart of a troubled 9-year-old .
It leaves you frustrated and annoyed .
An uneven , unfocused amalgamation of ideas and moods that is at times deeply moving nonetheless .
It 's that kind of movie , full of therapeutic notions paraded as poetry and scenes that seem to carry explanatory labels .
Elle Fanning , and her audience , deserve better .
There 's no denying the cast -LRB- which also includes Bill Pullman and Campbell Scott -RRB- is terrific and that first time writer/director Daniel Barnz has stacked the deck for his precious indie flick .
The intentions ... are good , and the picture boasts a fine lead performance , but ultimately ... it 's just a fancy disease-of-the-week movie that comes off confused and overly cute .
... has the advantage of having the marvelous Elle Fanning in its title role . She gives a performance of nuance and intensity ...
Make no mistake , there is a euphoria to Phoebe 's journey , a delicious wonderment to her ability to see the world through a prism entirely her own .
Abstract portrayals of kids with OCD and Tourette 's do not , it turns out , make great entertainment .
... an involving and empathetic drama of mothers and daughters .
Phoebe in Wonderland gradually loses its grip on tone and believability , climaxing with a show-must-go-on moment that 's just plain silly . Thankfully , Barnz knows exactly where to end his film : on the face of a girl , and an actress , at the crossroads .
For all its cop-outs , Phoebe still trumps the ` how to be a better person ' hoo-hah of so many middlebrow dramas , if only because the problems it depicts are real , not overcooked reactions to trumped-up traumas .
Unfortunately , the film is insultingly soft in its portrayal of neurological disorders , linking the disease to Phoebe 's fanciful conversations with characters from Alice in Wonderland .
An impressive family drama that salutes the power of the imagination and the challenges faced by unconventional children in a world where conformity is rewarded over creativity .
Barnz shows a firm directorial hand , most impressively by keeping the troupe of child actors from becoming cloyingly adorable . But despite a unique and refreshing vision , he fails his film by explaining its mysteries .
Phoebe appears to have obsessive-compulsive disorder -LRB- or something -RRB- , but Phoebe in Wonderland is so intent on celebrating her as ` special ' that it quirks up the trauma of her issues .
Barnz 's feature debut is well intentioned but dramatically unfocused , unable to decide exactly what it is propagaing , thus navigating between fantasy and reality and the serio , whimsical and lyrical .
The performances are transcendent -- especially Fanning 's , as the little girl who wants to get better , who wants to be better , as she slowly disappears through the Looking Glass .
It 's a young-girl-cracks-up movie in the mode of I Never Promised You a Rose Garden crossed with a theater vs. reality subtext that feels like A Child 's First Synecdoche , New York .
Elle Fanning gives one of the great child performances in this otherwise mixed study of a child with Tourette 's Syndrome .
Mystical and mysterious , with a delightfully out of focus child 's perception of the world sure to give adults pause for reflection on the ethereal nature of reality , while Fanning 's poetically expressive performance is luminous to behold .
Barnz arbitrarily posits a nonsensical series of school `` rules '' to embody conformity , while imagination is repped by Tourette syndrome .
Phoebe may not be schizophrenic , but any movie that simultaneously wants to trouble and reassure , to keep it real and then traffic in wish fulfillment , certainly is .
The mesmerizing performance of -LSB- Elle -RSB- Fanning as the gifted and troubled young Phoebe sparks the picture .


@highlight

Blessed with a good cast , Phoebe 's heart is in the right place , but its execution is dicey .