Sugar is worth seeing not because it invalidates baseball 's meritocracy , or because it makes us feel guilty for enjoying the national pastime , but because it shows us with empathy and insight how baseball players are more than what they do on the field .
A raw and insightful film that will appeal to viewers who may or may not be sports fans .
Sugar 's personal achievement is uplifting-and it 's also cause for celebration when artists create just for the love of the game .
This captures many moving moments and atmospheres in the diverse settings , bu the narrative arc is n't quite as engaging as it could be .
The problem is that it is incredibly tedious and at some point very uneventful .
A familiarity with baseball is probably crucial to getting the most out of this quiet , absorbing drama .
Just as Hoop Dreams had the urgency of great storytelling , Sugar exhibits the patience of the most penetrating documentary .
The cinematic equivalent of an investigative Sports Illustrated two-parter .
You get the perfectly calibrated story of one young man 's travels , not just to the United States from his tiny island country but to the land of expectations that come with adulthood .
I 've watched thousands of baseball games and seen tons of baseball movies , but Sugar opened new doors of understanding and insight .
Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck , the makers of Half Nelson , return with another subtly observed drama about a character on the outskirts of mainstream America .
Sugar , a baseball movie , an immigrant parable and a thoroughly entertaining drama that accomplishes the seemingly impossible task of putting a fresh face on the fractured American Dream .
Not only have director-writers Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck crafted a poignant immigrant tale , they 've made a sports saga rife with rare truths .
The camera is on Sugar the whole time , but the faux-documentary approach keeps him out of reach in all the ways that really matter .
To tell you what happens to him from here would be a tremendous disservice . We 'll just say that , refreshingly , nothing about it is sickly sweet .
Boden and Fleck are attentive to detail and the nuances of social interaction -- in the cornfields of Middle America as well as in the Dominican Republic . And Sugar is a thorny but endearing hero .
It is full of so much humor , grace , and unexpected detail , and arrives in such a truthful place , that in the end it 's far more enthralling than the typical rags-to-riches tale one might have anticipated .
A rich and moving reminder of the way professional sports aspirations can shape someone 's destiny in the real world .
This is a tragic sports movie that shies away from every element of tragedy .
As the film plays out its melancholy story , we realize that what we are watching is far rarer than the usual sports flick .
Follows its own path , defying stereotypes and avoiding just about every sports-movie cliché and fish-out-of-water convention , all the way to the end .
We begin to get the feeling that the United States of Baseball is somehow grander and more generous than the United States of America .
A portrait of an immigrant , a sports movie commentating on the machinations of American sport and a coming-of-age drama : Sugar is not short of subject matter .
Steroids enter the equation , but `` Sugar 's '' narrative turns feel more generous than obvious - emphasizing baseball 's calming , community ideas over its cult of personality . The gravity of Miguel 's plight stays with you , but so does his eventual peace .
Fresh perspectives offer fresh ideas , even if they do n't result in a smile and a happy Frank Sinatra song about love .
At a time when sabermetrics break players down into pages of predictive statistics , Sugar delivers a potent reminder of off-the-field challenges that affect performance on the field .
Not your usual film about chasing the American dream , Sugar gains mileage instead from a more sober brand of inspiration while imparting wisdom in the form of welcome reality checks .
In a word , Sugar is extraordinary .
Though a little long at two hours , Sugar is a treat for any serious student of baseball .
Sugar makes my top ten list of baseball films . It 's not your typical sports film , it 's emotionally honest , and it 's delightfully detailed , yet subtle .
Scarcely a manipulative or fake moment
Sugar showcases a lovely performance by Soto , a match for the modest , low-key filmmaking style of Boden and Fleck ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Full of life , even sexy and at times bouncy -LRB- and with a fine score -RRB- , Sugar is a lovely , moving treat ... full of rich supporting characters .
Sugar is a refined and appealing love letter to baseball , and a reminder of all that makes it matter .
Pays such attention to detail ... that it 's easy to forget you 're watching a work of fiction and not a documentary about a real-life star on the rise .
... an immigrant 's song , a story about cultural dislocations and human connections that happens to be one of the year 's best movies .
We 're so used to sports movies hitting certain dramatic beats that when `` Sugar '' completely avoids them , it forces us to sit up and pay attention .
What 's this ? An inspirational sports flick whose every step does n't lead up to the climactic Big Game in which the underdog hero must score that touchdown/hit that home run/kick that goal/deck that opponent ?
Sugar is a slow-burning exploration of the immigrant experience that grows more compelling as Miguel starts to realise he might not be good enough to realise his dream .
In ` Sugar ' , the pair skilfully dismantle the timeworn themes , characters and story patterns of the conventional sports movie and then reassemble them as a rich , socially astute realist drama .
As a sports movie the film perhaps lacks the pace and punch to capture the genre 's traditional audience . But Sugar is much more than a sports movie . It is a picture of integrity , intelligence and empathy that studiously avoids cliché .
Sugar is a revelation , not least in the way it ducks an onrush of cliche to expose the whole rags-to-riches mantra as a bright and shining lie .
Sugar , winningly played by the complete newcomer Soto , is n't a cut-out ingenu but a testy , competitive , driven but fallible person . The road he follows is modest , but the film is beautiful and searching in letting him find it for himself .
Poignant and beautifully written , directed and performed , Sugar confirms Boden and Fleck as eloquent chroniclers of the underbelly of the American dream .
Sugar might look like a typical underdog sports movie on the surface , but over the running time it transforms into something much more interesting .
The final reel veers away from the sports movie formula - and the narrative loses some of its drive - yet there 's a believability about the twist . If anything , Sugar underlines the fact that this particular immigrant experiences is not all sweetness .
Sugar is a human story told with immense skill , right down to the deft transitions and the soft fuzz of the electronic score .
Great cinema can extend our own experience by making us understand how it must feel to be somebody else - and this is , in its gentle and unpretentious way , great cinema .
A compelling and compassionate stranger-in-a-strange-land drama , it 's a film brimming with insight , integrity and life . I reckon we 're looking at one of the films of 2009 .
Sugar is dazzlingly free of message creep . We are perplexed , yet fully persuaded .
The story 's slow-burn never quite flares into dramatic wildfire .
This masterfully pitched exercise in sombre revelation may frustrate sports fans looking for an easy hit .
Brilliantly directed , superbly written and thoroughly engaging drama that skilfully blends sports movies , immigration dramas and coming of age movies , while avoiding the usual cliches .
A powerfully engaging coming-of-age immigration sports documentary-style drama . And this unpredictable genre mash-up is pure magic .
Like a slow curve ball , its journey unexpectedly going off course , Boden and Fleck deliver their magnificent take on the American dream by skewing it sideways .
Sugar is a completely convincing character who inhabits what appears to be an utterly authentic world .
Naturalistic performances , even-handed characterisation and the utter eschewal of genre cliches ensure that this tale of a stranger in a strange land hits home .
This sophomore effort from the writing and directing duo of Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck -LRB- `` Half Nelson '' -RRB- is not your typical sports movie , but rather focuses on the immigrant experience of a foreigner on a work visa to play minor league baseball .
Sugar is a baseball movie in the way that Macbeth is a play about kilts . The description is accurate as far as it goes , but it does n't go nearly far enough .
It resists cliche at every turn and puts something solid in its place : raw yet controlled observation that gives the film the form of a flexing muscle .
Dominican natives pursue their diamond dreams in the U.S. .
It is a gently persuasive , bittersweet run around the base paths in the game of life .
That the movie manages to avoid some of the customary cliches and formulaic machinations of the sports drama genre makes the film rewarding , as do the performances by its mostly fresh-faced cast .
While it 's interesting , it 's never truly absorbing .
A penetrating exploration of the hardships that Dominican baseball recruits face in making to the major leagues .
This is a film that finds certain purity in disillusionment and freedom in failure . Which may not be sweet , but it is tasty .
A terrific film that 's not just for sports fans . Written and directed by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck , it 's as insightful as it is entertaining .
A story about expectations , the division of work and play , and the terrifying but terrific ability human beings have to change their minds .
Sugar is a subtly engaging film about a world -- indeed , a string of worlds -- that hums energetically all around us and yet remains invisible .
the feeling of it when it 's over is exhilaration at time spent with real characters placed in real situations .
With the moving , absorbing drama Sugar , Boden and Fleck not only avoid the sophomore slump , they demolish it , delivering a film of rare intelligence , beauty and compassion .
Fleck and Boden probably will get better at making movies , but for now , they can get by with this : They are curious about what makes people tick , and they have a talent for making us curious , too .
Please understand that I am not praising `` Sugar '' just because some scenes were filmed here in the Quad-Cities .
Put this one in the Win column .
A sports movie that transcends its genre .
Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck 's film is a modest but masterful triumph .
Sugar has its own knuckle curve - it takes familiar images of the U.S. and flips them , giving us an idea of how strange our country can look to an outsider .
Of course , calling a movie ` too humane ' is n't really all that much of a complaint ...
With all the scandals surrounding baseball lately , Sugar is so good that it reminds people that stories of drug-induced superstars are the exception and kids like Miguel `` Sugar '' Santos are far more common .
-LSB- A -RSB- terrifically human account of a young Dominican pitcher 's discomfiting odyssey from his tiny village to a major league training camp to A-ball in the American Midwest .
The film 's strength is reportorial , sensitively exploring a theme that has grown ever more prominent with the globalization of sport .
This is a drama of shifting values and compromised ideals , arriving at a view of life that 's wise , complicated , and tinged with melancholy .
Sugar is a departure from movies of its kind in quietly observing that life is often a series of base hits rather than grand-slam homers . The film has few moments of high drama and the games played matter only in how they shape Soto 's character .
They have instead chosen a low-key and realistic approach that is so effective that when I saw the film for the first time , I was convinced for the first 10 minutes or so that I was watching an actual documentary .
Easily one of the year 's best , Sugar is an intelligent and sublimely moving film that should not be missed .
The approach is flighty at best and a cinematic bait-and-switch at worst .
Algenis Perez Soto plays the character so openly , so naturally , that an interesting thing happens : Baseball is only the backdrop , not the subject . This is a wonderful film .
An authentic , timely `` immigrant experience '' tale about trying to score .
This Sugar does n't blend the sweet with the bittersweet as deftly as it might have .
... an interesting tale of a young man devoted to his family back home , trying to come to grips with surviving in a completely different culture .
Some of the surprise of seeing a major new talent appear from thin air is lost in even a strong sophomore effort , but Boden and Fleck have set and met a high standard for their work . I found it sublime .
Sugar is a gripping look at the immigrant experience , with small moments as important -- and visually arresting -- as any on the baseball diamond .
In its unhurried fashion , Sugar can take its place with the best baseball movies . Where most focus on the grand slam , this one 's about the life that surrounds the game and everything that comes after .
Scenes that would usually be mere setup ... become engaging in their own right . ... game and practice sequences have an easy authenticity from the start .
In this carefully observed and impressively minimalist movie , Sugar redefines and refines his art .
Fleck and Boden are clearly storytellers .
It 's got an authenticity that most sports films lack .
... a rich character study of the title ball player and his metamorphosis into something greater than he could have expected % u2013 to live as a free and happy man doing what he really wants in his life .
This is one of my favorite movies of the year so far ...
An often engaging drama that tackles provocative issues , but , without a sensitive and intelligent screenplay , it ultimately fails to be truly moving , profound or memorable .
A striking document of an immigrant 's journey , in some ways reminiscent of Elia Kazan 's Oscar nominated 1963 film , `` America , America '' .
Let down by a manipulative script recycled from dozens of sports and immigrant movies . At least it dispenses with a Hollywood ending .
A thoughtful drama about guys who have a moment in the big time before returning home to an odd reflected glory .
Sugar is an inside-the-park homer .
A moving , surprising and provocative baseball flick that rises immediately to No. 1 with a bullet on my personal list .
Sugar stands the baseball movie on its head by approaching the genre with off-speed material , instead of the plot equivalent of sizzling fastballs and home runs .
A combination sports story and immigrant account that reveals the wisdom of downsizing our dreams and making choices that affirm our deep-seated need for community .
It 's a beautifully made film about a young man 's journey of self-discovery , about how Miguel `` Sugar '' Santos makes his way in the world and tries to figure out , as we all do , who he is meant to be .
It is both sad and hopeful , but the film 's sorrow and its optimism arise from its rarest and most thrilling quality , which is its deep and humane honesty .
Boden and Fleck are exceptional talents who refuse to sweeten Sugar for mass consumption . The result is raw and riveting .
A quietly surprising drama .
Think of it as a subtle arthouse antidote to the groaning galaxy of baseball movies , a film more concerned with character , mood , and capturing a highly specific cultural milieu than with big games that invariably come down to the very last inning .
a movie in search of the yearning for even the smallest American dream
How many sports dramas dare to think beyond winning , losing and how you play the game ? The narrative thrust of Sugar comes from somewhere less expected .
Quiet , deliberate and naturalistic ... refreshingly truthful , especially for a picture about sports
The most remarkable thing Sugar does is give American viewers a sense of how our country must seem to a newly arrived immigrant , without caricaturing or condescending to either guest or host .
It seems Fleck and Boden did n't have much of a game plan for the main character off the mound after all , and this wearying aimlessness waters down the tension of Sugar 's rapidly imploding life , grinding the film to a disappointing halt .
Such indie banality -- linked to liberal message-mongering -- proves Fleck-Boden go into a slump long before rookie Miguel .
This is a sports drama of total originality , as well as the most authentic inside view of the immigrant experience the movies have given us in quite a while .
Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck have transformed some of the saggiest , most clichéd genres with smarts , non-screechy politics , superb acting , and visual beauty .
As inspirational as it is heartbreaking , a moving story about pursuing one 's dreams and how one can still find a life for oneself even if those dreams do n't come to fruition .
The filmmakers ' confidently modest helming ... allows events to feel , if not fresh , then at least real .
A more bitter than sweet tale told with uncommon sensitivity and uncanny scrutiny of race and class , about exploited immigrant ball players in a game that has evolved into ruthless baseball capitalism .
An immigrant 's saga more than `` a baseball movie , '' Sugar ultimately runs headlong away from the clichés that mar formula sports-related narrative films .
The gifted team behind Half Neslon has now made another compelling and honest film that 's emotionally effective as a sports saga as well as immigrant and culture-collision tale .
Fictionalized tale of a Dominican baseball player trying to make it in the States is also a wonderfully observant film about acculturation and the immigrant experience .
A deeply felt , personal story , exposing in very specific microcosm the struggle experienced by thousands of immigrants each year .
The sweet title character just might prompt American audiences to call for an open door policy to all immigrants who want to live in America .
In a world where too many filmmakers are content to bunt their way onto second base , Sugar swings for the fences , and knocks one out of the park .
Directors Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden use Sugar 's tale to draw attention to pertinent social and economic issues . Thankfully , they do so with a light touch and an immense feeling of sympathy for their characters .
Rich in texture and colour , music and aura .
Boden and Fleck know what they 're doing , and I 'd expect we 'll see many more films from this pair in the coming years . They 're just warming up .
The immigrant experience has been seen many times on film before but rarely with the authenticity , wit and intelligence of Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck 's Sugar .
Sympathetic , genial and exceedingly wholesome , it 's a film that , once seen , will permanently and favorably influence the way viewers regard the characters ' real-life counterparts .

@highlight

Sugar is an exceptionally-crafted film -- part sports flick , part immigrant tale -- with touching and poignant drama highlighted by splendid performances .