A classy B-movie , paying homage to masters -LRB- and masterpieces -RRB- of the genre without ever taking itself too seriously .
Nimród Antal is a B-film classicist ... whose skills have little to do with `` delivering the goods '' and a lot to do with bluntly , crisply delineating characters , actions , relationships and group dynamics .
No over-the-top acting , not a really compelling plotline , but entertaining yet .
Innocent but skillful .
If Aliens featured just a handful of xenomorphs , would n't you have been disappointed ?
A decent cast , great effects and costumes and satisfying blood and gore make this a pretty decent horror remake , which you do n't find too often .
A fun homage to the 1987 original that 's every bit as explosive and exhilarating .
Predators never overcomes the fatal miscasting of Brody as the group 's take-charge , tough-guy leader .
Despite forgettable characters , this drama offers enough surprises to satisfy many fans of the long-running series .
A good old-fashioned bad action movie ; the type the eighties used to churn out on a regular basis .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- should go back and revisit the original film to discover what made it good in the first place .
This is Predator karaoke - a film which looks and sounds like the 1987 film , but lacks the zest .
It has no real new thoughts in its head but it updates all the old thoughts into a slimy new package just fine .
The real enemy is too much exposition .
It 's nothing to shout from the rooftops about but , given the standard set by the majority of Predator movies , you 're unlikely to be disappointed ...
Despite pacing problems , Predators is a wildly entertaining picture that bends the franchise back to more captivating quandaries , erasing much of the bad taste left behind by previous installments .
There 's something to be said about a movie with a Predator in it that is actually decent , especially after three previous tries in 20-plus years .
Forget Predator 2 and all that Alien Vs Predator rubbish - this is the sequel that the Arnie-starring '80s actioner deserved .
Predators lovingly embraces its B-movie roots , but drags along the cinematic trappings , too .
I could n't get past Brody as an action hero , and I did n't jump from my seat once . I wanted at least that much from a film that spent so much money on bullets and bazookas and bombs and bombast .
Adrien Brody se toliko nabildao da je potpuno uvjerljiv kao mrcina koju biste voljeli imati na svojoj strani ako provod u narodnjačkom klubu krene po zlu
full review at Movies for the Masses
If Predators had plunged deeper into the bloodsport-honour-hunting , kill-or-be-killed psyche of both sides , this could 've been a truly jolting reboot .
This film deserves more praise than I ever expected to lavish on a `` Predator '' movie .
Nowhere near as thoughtful as the original , but between the impressive set design , upgraded enemies , battle sequences and gore , it 'll satiate your appetite for Predator action .
After two poor Alien vs. Predator showings , Predators returns to the tried , true , and successful formula off setting 'em up and knocking 'em down .
If you do n't know the original 1987 classic Predator line-for-line and inside-out , you will probably miss half the gags in this one .
Funciona surpreendentemente bem ao descartar qualquer tentativa de se estabelecer como uma ficção científica séria e ao investir , em vez disso , na ação quase contínua .
Nimbly directed by Nimrod Antal , this is something of a throwback to 1980s action-exploitation : The emphasis is on special makeup effects and brawny physicality rather than computer-generated imagery .
Most sequels are inferior to the original film , but `` Predators '' is an exception , a film that stands on its own and is the equal of the original film .
` What planet is this ? ' asked Adrien . ` Wherever it is , my iPhone 4 keeps dropping calls , ' said Danny Trejo .
A big-budget B-movie made with some A-level flair .
You know priorities are out of whack when the film 's most interesting performer , Machete 's Danny Trejo , checks out waaay too early .
Like many sequels , remakes and reinventions , Predators rarely assumes a life of its own .
Adrien Brody turns a spindly blow-away into an ass-kicking grunter
Just pure awesome .
A startlingly good comeback for a franchise nearly spoiled for good with the horrendous `` Alien vs. Predator '' films .
Seeing The Pianist 's Adrien Brody doing one-liners is like watching Patrick Stewart cover Public Enemy 's 911 Is A Joke .
Predators reboot a pleasant , gory surprise .
The drive-in -- and all that it entrails -- awaits .
Predators culminates in a glorious battle royal of explosions , blood , bullets and beatings that set the screen on fire .
The movie never manages to come up with an ending , but why bother ? There 's going to be a sequel anyway .
As soon as the movie starts , with Royce falling from the sky , ` Predators ' is declaring you 're going to have a fast , fun time . And for the most part , this movie totally delivers .
If the nicest thing you can say about Predators is that it 's the best sequel that Predator has ever had , well : that 's just not a very high bar to clear , now is it ?
A cross between The Most Dangerous Game and The Twilight Zone with a touch of Cube ... ` Predators vs. Humans , ' anyone ?
Nimrod Antal has crafted an insanely action-packed science fiction flick while simultaneously paying homage to the original material and creating his own .
Ca n't get the Governator ? Cast a real actor !
The odor of musty , late - '80s nostalgia may still hover around this already threadbare brand , but you simply do n't see movies that leave both the curious and the fans who truly care this viscerally satisfied anymore .
Nothing can disguise the fact that it 's ... contrived , chaotic and ultimately pointless
It 's no `` Aliens '' , but it does have an intriguing setup , good pace and a surprisingly action-ready Adrien Brody .
If it 's not going to be smart , it could at least have the decency to not also be boring .
Starts out with a bang but ends up with a thud .
An obvious improvement over the two Alien vs. Predator movies ...
When Mr. Brody starts running about bare-chested near the finale -- you 'll want to applaud his exquisitely chiseled torso . Sadly , a six-pack does not a movie make .
to say that it is the best of the Predator sequels is little more than faint praise
Antal is a good enough action director that some of the combat is pretty exciting .
At the midpoint ... it got more and more confined , claustrophobic and flatter .
If you 're one of those people who do n't want to be annoyed by those irritating elements like plot , characterization , depth , common sense or logic , then -LSB- this -RSB- is the movie for you ...
You wince at the cheesy dialogue poor Brody is obliged to mouth and wonder what such actors as Laurence Fishburne , Alice Braga and Topher Grace are doing here .
Antal 's and Rodriguez 's determination to pay tribute to the original film sometimes slips from homage to simple repetition . But they do bring enough new stuff to the table to make it worth any B-movie lover 's time seeking this out .
Since these aliens just live to parachute humans into their game preserve , you 're left thinking they instead play canasta , cuddle with one another and hop through open fields like bunny rabbits because they sure have n't evolved to modern expectations .
It was decent . I wish it had been great .
An unapologetically violent , B-movie popcorn chomper , Predators is the true successor to 1987 's beefy , steroid-friendly original and real summer movie fun . Adrien Brody , action hero ? Who knew ?
A sad attempt at rebooting an already used up storyline .
The return of some much needed intensity , excitement and darkness to this game of hunter vs. prey
Producer Robert Rodriguez has assembled a team of filmmakers to create what feels like the only genuine Predator sequel to date .
Keeps the Predator tradition alive . Adrien Brody found his true calling as an actor . He 's got that face you ca n't trust but want to .
The third-act developments feel a bit too hasty , but beyond that and some cheesy-looking digital fire , Predators generally makes for 100 minutes of run-and-gun fun .
It 's the kind of back-to-basics approach to B-movie filmmaking that fans will love , filled with great characters , snappy dialogue , and plenty of action . What more could you want ?
What it lacks in imagination , it makes up in execution . It fulfills its limited potential , which is more than can be said of most of this summer 's movies .
Predators is a movie you love if it 's your thing . Key word : if . It 's not mine .
Antal knows how to hit it and quit , a skill that bombastic directors like Michael Bay and Roland Emmerich will never develop .
They are still hunters . And this time , they 're hunting us .
If you ca n't guess which group members survive , you probably have n't seen too many of these formulaic predictable action films .
It 's amazing how just a little extra effort can make an action film 's `` talky parts '' almost as much fun as the mayhem .
Antal conjures up some arresting visuals , like the opening shot of Brody waking up in freefall , and some well-paced action sequences as the cast is killed off in reverse order of billing .
Predators is brisk and busy , with plenty of other threats to contend with besides those monsters .
Almost a quarter-century after the B-movie that launched an improbable franchise , we get a reboot that simply spins it wheels , content to deliver exactly what most will expect from it and absolutely nothing more .
Fans had hoped that having Robert Rodriguez as a producer would revitalize the series . Sorry , this is just more of the same .
It 's too bad the film about fighting to the death against high tech thugs from space is n't more , oh , scary .
None of this is scary , and nothing makes sense .
There is n't anything as comically grisly as the exploding head or Carl Weathers ' arm removal , both well-remembered moments from the original Predator .
Predators needed more predators .
A spirited , slickly mounted production that suffers more from sins of omission than commission , yet is anchored by performances that remind us while otherworldly hunters may be the stars of Predator series , humans still matter .
It has fun showing us that humans can , indeed , be the most dangerous game .
This small-minded reshuffling of the `` Predator '' franchise that began in 1987 is little more than a modern sci-fi B-movie filled with more plot holes than you can count .
Often lazy and somewhat tedious , but mindlessly exciting and thrilling on a purely visceral level thanks to Nimród Antal 's deft directing skills .
It took twenty-three years , but Predator has finally found a worthwhile heir .
After the opening scene , there 's not a shred of originality in this frantic sci-fi sequel .
Predators may not be the instant classic Predator was , but as an action-oriented Sci-fi thriller and an entertaining summer diversion , it fills the bill .
Antal is better with surprise than with suspense and as long as there 's lots of action going on the film is good , old-fashioned Saturday afternoon fun ...
Predators mostly just suggests a bunch of grown-up men playing with toys and not bothering to invite the rest of us into their circle .
Some genre movies simply work out this way : Whatever their intentions or origins they percolate for about an hour . And then they sputter and hope that a promising first half will be enough to get by .
The dialogue is dumber than dirt , and the plot crumbles at the halfway mark , but the movie does what a loud summer blockbuster should , which is loudly bust blocks .
A stylish , lean and , well , familiar outing .
This chaotic stew of fire , blood , mud and explosives is so devoid of terror and suspense that any metaphorical analysis is rendered moot .
A fun call-back to its gruesome predecessor . What it lacks in machismo , it certainly makes up for with atmosphere .
Predators is just another movie-machine , running on action formula .
The B-movie pleasures found in Predators make the original look like high art .
There is a point where I thought this was a misguided Apocalypse Now homage . There was another point where I thought : Adrien Brody is no Arnold Schwarzenegger . But in the end what really disappointed me were the underdeveloped character tensions .
Perhaps its best that Predators keeps its ambitions humble , but a dearth of inspiration makes this fifth Predator film dangerously close to a rehash of the first film .
Adrien Brody does what he can , but at the end of the day , he 'll never be as badass and physically imposing as Arnold Schwarzenegger .
The main suspense lies in figuring out the order in which they 'll be eliminated and who will be alive for the finale . Except not really : Algorithms could predict these things .
`` Predators '' is a B movie that knows its job , and does it .
Adrien Brody is trying to use the gravelliest , froggiest voice possible to sound tougher than he looks . Then he takes off his shirt and proves he is no Arnold -LRB- he 's no Taylor Lautner , either -RRB- .
Predators is good if gory grindhouse fun . It tweaks the conventions of the summer monster movie , even as it observes them .
After 23 years and three attempts , Predators finally delivers a solid sequel to the Arnold Schwarzenegger B-movie classic .
Predator fans , fearing another lapse into disappointment , can relax . Although it 's arguably not saying much , this is the second-best movie of the series to have `` Predator '' in the title .
Predators tries to spice up the hunt-or-be-hunted thesis , but from the get-go , director Nimrod Antal 's movie has nowhere to run .
If you plunk down money for a ticket hoping to see some mindless carnage , you 're in luck .
I would n't say Predators is a great movie , but it 's good enough , executing its simple premise with tension and testosterone to spare .
It 's silly , bloody fun .
Predators is a pretty good action movie for about 45 minutes . Unfortunately , it lasts 106 .
All these years after Predator , these decades past the classic film , Most Dangerous Game , that inspired this genre , it 's good to see the idea of the hunter becoming the hunted still gets the blood racing .
Right from its memorable opening ... Predators is an adrenaline rush .
Brody does his best Clint Eastwood/Snake Plissken impression -LRB- yes , there is such a thing as good miscasting -RRB- , but he knows what kind of movie he 's in ; watch him practice his `` tough guy '' faces even when he 's in the background of a shot .
This movie is admirably stripped-down and simplified .
But it is fun and I did have a good time , and as matinee entertainment is concerned Predators does deliver on a fairly respectable scale .
The make - up effects , by maestros Greg Nicotero and Howard Berger , are well done and not over the top .
A spine-ripping good time that evokes the spirit of the original films .
Predators does n't live up to its potential , but it is a step in the right direction for the franchise
It always bugs me that sloppiness and/or distracting elements end up making their way onto the screen . But the action is decently handled and the film pretty much delivers on what its target audience is looking for . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
While it may be better than `` Predator 2 , '' the difference in quality between the two is almost too negligible to notice .
It will surprise , disappoint and ultimately anger those hoping this film may have , at least , upped the stakes to give Predator the Aliens sequel it always deserved . That shot in the trailer of multiple laser sights trained on Brody is a cheat .
-LSB- A -RSB- Xerox copy of the 1987 original ... It 's competently executed , but someone forgot to ask what the point of the whole endeavor was ...
With significant input from producer Robert Rodriguez , director Nimrod Antal pays homage to the original while taking the franchise to the next level conceptually .
A stolid , uninspired imitation of the original ...
Brody has the makings of a first-class action hero . Unfortunately , he is strutting his stuff in a third-rate action movie .
Predators is something different , a tone altogether absent since the days of the original . That it also stands up as a film of today makes it all the more enjoyable .
A vast improvement on that Vs. Alien nonsense ...
Little Richard is sure to be proud .
quite possibly the best fan-service sequel of all time , and one of my favorite films of the summer .
What starts with so much promise and intrigue devolves into a more predictable cat - and-mouse game . The fascination wears off as the initial premise never becomes fleshed out and plot holes loom larger than the monstrous mayhem .
Fans of the original have likely grown resigned to disappointment with its descendents ; Predators will not change that entirely , but it may summon enough fond memories to sneak by .
Does almost too good a job of following a roadmap conceived for maximum excitement in 1987 .
A pretty decent , grim little lost-patrol mash-up of the original Predator and Pitch Black -- a perfectly fine night at the beer-theater , in other words .
If you come out of ` Predators ' thinking you 've seen it before , it 's because you have .
Antal leaves the door wide open for a sequel , which is good news for fans of the genre . But please , do n't invite the Alien to the party .
This time , the big , disappearing , dreadlocked hunters from outer space must face off against ... Adrien Brody ? Do n't worry , action fans , it plays out a lot better than it sounds . Just pray he does n't run for governor afterward .
Brody is not the odd choice one might think as the leader of the pack here - he gives gravitas to his performance and throws out a good Hemingway quote .
Fanboys will jump foursquare upon this movie , rolling around barking in delight and waving their collective paws in the air . That 's me over there , third from the left .
The only interesting person is Grace , who grasps the essential absurdity at work here and , eyebrow cocked knowingly , runs with it
A faithful , respectful hat tip to a franchise loved the world over .
Predators is reasonably entertaining , thanks to some enjoyable set-pieces and mostly decent performances , but it 's never as thrilling as it ought to be .
Predator purists -LRB- is that an oxymoron ? -RRB- have nothing to fear : This is a worthy follow-up .
This story has been done to death , but the twists screenwriters Michael Fitch and Alex Litvak came up with are really inane . One of them is completely predictable , when you think about the casting .
A well-crafted , solidly entertaining meat-and-potatoes action movie that gives the titular creatures their best showcase since the original Predator .
A much need shot of adrenaline in a summer dominated by emo-vampires , and ten year old action heroes .
` Predators ' is the sequel to the original movie that we 've been waiting for - for a very long time .
After so many iterations in every possible medium , the Predator series needed a shot of vitality , not another workmanlike go-around .
Frankly , one expects a little more from Robert Rodriguez
Predators proves to be the '80s revival movie that 's most adept at tribute , homage and other euphemisms for stealing , primarily because it performs its salvage job with such playful energy .
Antal is a professional who respects your dollars . In a season where the blockbusters are as flat as month-old soda , that 's the most romantic gesture a commercial filmmaker can make .
In the end , Predators devolves into a succession of warrior-to-warrior battles . This stuff is fun but not terribly exciting .
More is not necessarily scarier in this often lively but scattered reboot .
What we really have here when all is bled and done is a fan-friendly homage to the original 1987 Predator .
For a movie with an all-action style , there 's a little more down time than you 'd expect but both sci-fi and gore fans should easily get their fix .
A tight , surprising , well made action flick that relishes in macho-ness .
It 's a dumb action movie in a summer full of dumb movies , and yet it 's always entertaining . And you wo n't really miss Arnold at all .
Predators is a well-crafted film , but it is joyless .
This film 's big innovation is a Hemingway reference and the creation of two different predator tribes involved in a -LRB- gooey green -RRB- blood feud . But my biggest question is : Why do you and the other `` elite '' fighters waste all your ammunition shooting like , a
A great film whenever the actors are n't actually required to deliver any lines .
Unlike the original Predator , helmed by the intuitive and typically fast-and-loose director John McTiernan , Predators is clearly the product of a self-conscious craftsman .
Predators begins with a freefall and dive-bombs from there , toward a closing line summing it up : `` Let 's get off this -LRB- blank -RRB- in ' planet , '' one survivor of alien evisceration says to another , speaking for anyone ready to get out of the -LRB- blank -RRB- in ' theater .
One of this summer 's few movies that deserves to be called fun ... Suffice to say that Predators has the perfect amount of oozing , neon-green alien goo .
Predators is a midsummer surprise that should restore some life to a franchise that seemed to me to be well past its expiration date .
As the humour and colour drain out of the film , the same-old monsters arrive and we end up in near darkness , barely able to comprehend what we 're doing watching this nonsense one more time .
Superb pacing , robust acting and a very fishy Fishburne all help to overshadow some poorly directed set pieces and ensure that the mandible-possessing aliens are back hunting with the requisite bang .
Let 's be honest : you see a Predator movie for the bone-crunching battles between alien and man , and on that front , Antal 's film delivers in spades , with blood spilled , spines split and heads separated from bodies at regular intervals .
It 's not a ` reboot ' , or a ` reimagining ' , of the 1980s , Arnie-starring , cult classic , man-versus-monster pic . It 's more like the ultimate work of fan-fiction .
It lacks the quiet suspense of the first Predator , and please do n't even mention the Alien vs. Predator pictures , which lacked the subtlety of Mothra vs. Godzilla .
Here 's to director Nimrod Antal , who since coming to Hollywood has managed to not only overcome an unfortunate name but also at least two unpromising movie assignments .
Nimród Antal 's movie makes for a far more satisfying sequel than the weak 1990 follow-up or any of the `` AVP '' movies , maybe because it makes more of an effort to create the vibe and tension that worked so well in the original .
PREDATORS is a pretty awesome flick ... -LSB- it 's -RSB- loaded with action , gore , and freakin ' cool Predators ; this is what summer movies are made of .
Predators sets out to pay homage to the original movie by echoing it , but instead it mostly ends up duplicating it .
An unnecessary reboot of the 1987 cult movie . Quite literally every image , every idea in Predators , is a straight steal from another film .
Better than Predator 2 , not a patch of the original . A throwback game-of-death , Rodriguez and Antal 's sequel hurls out plenty of gore but few surprises . Left wide open for unlimited sequels , could this be a vehicle for RR to blood new directors ?
While it 's as fresh as the skinned corpses hanging from the trees , the ` ten little Indians ' set-up never tires and Antal keeps the action brisk and bloody enough to make you forget you 've seen it all before .
As a fan of Schwarzenegger 's macho , heart-of-darkness original , it gives me no pleasure to say that Predators is an uninspired mess of mediocre action scenes strung together until the final reel .
This is the kind of film you go to expecting gore and shocks ; ultimately these two elements , along with the predators themselves , are sadly awol in this latest version .
It 's not as much sheer fun as Predator , but then again , what is ?
Predator fans rejoice ! Finally a sequel has arrived that is worthy of its 1987 predecessor , in the ultra serious and equally bloody Predators .
Gory , action packed and full to the brim with rampant Predator action . What more could you want ?
This is the sequel that John McTiernan and Arnold Schwarzenegger 's 1987 original deserved , as director Nimrod Antal delivers enough hard core sci-fi , explosive action and monster mayhem to justify its belated arrival .
A solidly okay Saturday night effort , but unambitious considering the talent involved . Maybe Rodriguez should direct Predator Resurrection , but get a science fiction writer to script it .
It 's a return to the suspenseful , high-velocity form of the original Predator .
Though Predators is n't quite as well put together as the original film , nor do the sequences offer the same sustained threat , it 's still enough to get your adrenaline flowing .
Full of surprises and twists , the action and the relationships between the contrasting characters keeps us glued
Delivering on its promise , Predators is a moody , unrelenting and attention-grabbing sci-fi thriller , filled with action , splendid visual effects and packed with undulating tension
While the first Predator movie was a vehicle for its star and the second did n't make a whole load of sense , Predators foregrounds the action and brooding menace of the bloodthirsty aliens .
For the most part Predators is B-grade fun in the best possible way .


@highlight

After a string of subpar sequels , this bloody , action-packed reboot takes the Predator franchise back to its testosterone-fueled roots .