Prince of the New World
I would imagine that if you have a close connection to Ellis Island immigrants , you will be similarly touched by this movie .
The film 's cinematography by Agnès Godard is breathtaking at times , especially early on during exterior scenes .
Crialese presents enough historical detail to give many 2nd and 3rd generation Americans today an idea of what physical and mental scrutiny their grandparents might have been subjected to in order to be accepted through the `` Golden Door . ''
The journey to America by an Italian peasant and his family , conveying their yearning for a new life in scenes of magical realism .
is all facade and no force
Although the movie 's plot line is rather flimsy and its characters somewhat distant , the movie 's images are hard to forget .
Not as inspiring as it should be .
The early parts require some patience , but the film richly rewards that patience . I know of no film that so patiently and so completely documents the Ellis Island experience .
Sicilian writer-director Crialese adds another to the list of great immigrant films with this evocative , poetic drama about a family of his compatriots who make the fateful Atlantic crossing in 1904 .
Punishing but eye-opening immigrant tale .
So enjoyable and visually stimulating is the experience , it 's tough to knock Crialese 's Door .
Although it has a gorgeous , lyrical visual style , it contains no stirring speeches or sentimentality .
Golden Door belongs to -LRB- Vincenzo -RRB- Amato -LRB- Respiro -RRB- . He makes this tale of woe and wonderment the charmer it turns out to be .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Crialese 's talent for poetic illusion , and for finding the general within the microcosm , is reminiscent of Steven Spielberg .
There 's a certain remoteness to the story that might keep some members of the audience at bay .
Yes , the details are spot-on and realistic in the extreme . But we 've seen them before . It 's the story Crialese hangs this detail on that 's weak .
Cinematographer Agnes Godard 's camera caresses every moment ...
At its best , The Golden Door generates the excitement to be had whenever a historical movie achieves the shock of the new .
The whole picture , real and surreal , is hauntingly beautiful .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Crialese establishes moods beautifully , whether in surreal visions -LRB- such as Salvatore swimming in the river of milk flowing in California -RRB- or in hardscrabble realities .
Thanks to the director 's own mix of fantasy and social commentary , there 's nothing quite like Golden Door .
-LSB- Crialese 's -RSB- gorgeous , evocative images ... are housed , like a great exhibit in a museum with overly long hallways , in a sluggishly paced narrative .
Its minutiae do n't bring a lump in the throat -- just a drumming of the fingers .
The film is touching , imaginative and makes the best of its cash through a minimalist skill that shows Crialese to be a genuinely original director .
The details of this chaotic odyssey to the New World are so intricately and poignantly handled that throughout a voice in your head insists : this is how it must have been .
It 's an eye-opening insight into pre-Virgin Atlantic travel , beautifully acted by its mainly Italian cast and guaranteed to make you count your blessings .
Making the most of an evidently limited budget , Crialese makes the Promised Land seem as poignantly out of reach to us as it is to his tragic characters .
Except during the pointed and crisply staged scenes of testing and quarantine , his movie feels thoroughly adrift .
His excellent new film gives us the fierceness without the syrup : a solidly constructed film with a brilliant visual sense , tremendous performances and an eloquent , dreamy sense of time and place . It held me in every frame .
Gorgeous to look at , unfashionably optimistic and quirkily seductive , this is a robust joy of a movie . It 's certainly one of my favourite releases of the year so far .
A wonderfully poetic film offering a fresh perspective on America 's early immigrants , Golden Door is as affecting as it is innovative
Director Emanuele Crialese makes this touching story very entertaining by injecting wild visuals -LRB- through neat fantasy sequences -RRB- and utilizing a somewhat modern score and soundtrack .
The rhythms of the movie are slow and daydreamy , but -LSB- director -RSB- Crialese delights in breaking up the realism with his protagonist 's mystical -- almost madcap -- visions of the New World 's abbondanza .
Tedious and bland - entry denied !
The film never really coheres , and although some scenes are amazing , the total is slow , ponderous and sometimes silly .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Crialese ends his film on an exquisite note of fantasy : an indelible image of hope and good fortune . His vision is unique ; his film , strange and lovely .
Emanuele Crialese 's wondrous Nuovomondo -LRB- Golden Door -RRB- recalls America 's erstwhile promise with a mix of exhilaration and delicacy , peppered with judicious insight .
Images on a movie screen can either show the truth literally or evoke it emotionally . The Golden Door , tries to do both , alternating visions of stark realism with poetically dreamlike material in an unsteady and , ultimately , unsatisfying blend .
Director Emanuele Crialese passes no judgments , capturing the mundane and miraculous alike .
Turns an old story into something completely new .
Despite the hardships depicted , Golden Door is a sweet film at heart , playing witness to the birth pangs of modern America with both due respect and the occasional comic grace note , but not , oddly , one single shot of the Statue of Liberty .
Painted onscreen in a hypnotic mix of hypercharged naturalism and magic realism , Golden Door is not about the destination but the journey .
Writer/director Emanuel Crialese gives his atmospheric film a look of daguerreotype authenticity .
As close as the movies come to poetry .
There 's a big difference between slowly unfurling a difficult story so that it rewards a patient audience , and simply teasing viewers nearly to the point of torture . The Golden Door -LSB- skirts -RSB- dangerously close to the torturous .
I 've got to be honest here . In the interest of full disclosure , I must confess that I was not entirely awake all the way through .
Darkly painted , but loaded with humour and ultimately sweetly optimistic .
Unfolding like a gorgeous coffee-table book of photographs , Emanuele Crialese 's film Golden Door is as lovely to look at as it is dramatically inert .
The folkloric tone that seemed so pretentious in -LSB- Respiro -RSB- is powerfully effective here .
A STRIKINGLY shot tale of Sicilian villagers seeking a better life in America , Golden Door is so minimalist , it 's practically a silent film .
A three-paneled piece , where the strength lies in the detail work rather than the larger brushstrokes .
A movie about immigration that even Lou Dobbs can get behind . It 's so hypnotically breathtaking , you do n't realize you 're not breathing . By the final shot , you do n't realize you 're crying either , but there go the tears .
There 's an old Zen saying , ` It 's the journey , not the destination . ' The Golden Door offers an extraordinary journey of its own .
It remains an extraordinarily strong , fascinating look at the genesis of the traditional immigrant tale , not the idealized finale .
Italian director Emanuele Crialese has infused the age-old plot with dazzling visual style , dollops of magical realism and profound emotional truth that infuse what we think we know with new verve and resonance .
An often lyrical and moving movie .
Rather like a sociological document narrated in a flamboyantly rhapsodic visual style ... more affected than affecting .
All too successful in evoking the simple-mindedness of its immigrant naifs and the interminability of the Atlantic passage .
Tired , poor journey to Golden Door .
It excels at documenting the humiliating -LRB- and sometimes terrifying -RRB- physical and mental tests that face these weary travelers .
Can someone please call for a moratorium on gratuitous magical realism ?
-LSB- A -RSB- beautiful , spacey , trans-oceanic odyssey .
-LSB- A -RSB- draggy Italian epic that 's big on production values but skimpy on inspiration .
An enlightening , historically accurate look at what the ancestors of many Americans went through . At a time when another kind of immigration debate rages , it 's also an important reminder of where many of us ` Americans ' came from .
Beautifully made but simple-minded Oscar bait , a film guaranteed to offend no one and to attract a large contingent fans who will love it for the nobility of its intentions and the earnestness of its performances .
A modest film , both in its aims and the emotions it solicits .
The acting is superb , especially the always alluring Charlotte Gainsbourg as a mysterious Englishwoman taking the ship to America . Agnes Godard 's lensing is painterly , and Crialese 's direction is seamless .
The movie never really comes alive , and -LSB- director -RSB- Crialese 's coyness with Lucy 's character is more frustrating than mysterious .
What makes Mr. Crialese 's telling unusual , apart from the gorgeousness of his wide-screen compositions , is that his emphasis is on departure and transition , rather than arrival .
Emanuele Crialese makes the star of his new film his director of photography , Agnes Godard .
Golden Door resounds with moments of pure cinema seldom encountered anymore , where sound and image combine to create a lyricism that transcends the story
After countless films in which immigration plays a central role you 'd think the canon was essentially complete . Yet this visionary work adds to it by combining harsh realities with magic-realist fantasies .
It 's easier to respect Crialese 's accomplishments than understand his characters .
A powerful look at the quirks of human nature , weaving in a subtle but overwhelmingly powerful political message .
Despite a few welcome bits of whimsy , Door feels as long as a transatlantic voyage .
Emanuele Crialese 's poetic tale of emigration at the turn of the 20th century follows an illiterate Sicilian farmer -LRB- Vincenzo Amato -RRB- and his family who , after seeing doctored photographs of money growing on trees , set their sights on America .
A defiantly idiosyncratic film that summons the spirits of great Italian directors long past .
Hung up on the nature of procedure , the film transpires in very distinct , hellish parts , as if moving slowly along the links of a great and heavy metal chain .
A cinematic treasure , dipped in the delights of magical realism and the enchanting dual consciousness of cultural relativism .
A series of static , poetic tableaux rather than a full-blown cinematic experience , screenwriter-director Emanuele Crialese 's Golden Door drains the drama and iconography out of an inherently dramatic , iconic story .
An imaginative , intelligent and attractive Italo pic precisely when the country needs it most .
Proof of the director 's unwillingness to improve on the scattershot ideas and shaky character development that also plagued his previous effort Respiro .






@highlight

Slow-moving but ultimately rewarding , Golden Door is a profound drama with scenes of fantastical magical realism , lively humor , and stunning images .