Ultimately Patriots Day becomes a Berg and Wahlberg branding of our misery . They probably set out with the best intentions , but turning a tragedy into a fictional fantasy only creates a fragmented sense of reality that likely wo n't suture any wounds .
This is a worthy tribute to the folks in Boston who helped solve the case , and well worth watching .
It was really well done it was a heavy movie . Mark Wahlberg was great the characters were great -- so great in fact it 's weird to call them characters because they are based on real people so the people were great and it does a lot of justice .
-LSB- Patriots Day -RSB- is gripping and intense , with the entire cast doing an ace job of bringing humanity to a horrific event .
... the nationalism that prevails on Patriot 's Day dulls its premise , but prevails thanks to the mixture of darkness and the importance of fraternal union in difficult times . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film has a cast that certainly testifies to the effort behind the production . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It shows that when society is knocked down , it unites . That single important theme is never lost throughout the duration of the film , and for that -LRB- along with some terrific performances and realistic look at the bombings -RRB- , the movie is a success .
Patriots Day takes us behind the scenes of the week that followed the Boston bombing in April 2013 .
Despite the film simply ticking the boxes with the dramatics , its action sequences are some of the most intense and harrowing seen this year .
Intense and thoughtful , the film salutes those who show extraordinary courage and resilience in the face of terror .
With the film unfolding in its all-too-familiar multi-stranded way , we are left with the growing impression that a real-life tragedy has been cynically turned into a conventional commercial thriller .
This is a decent tribute to the heroes and victims of the tragedy .
You have to wonder what it is in audiences that wants to replay such horrible events : Is it that watching a movie about them allows us to feel that we have grasped them ? If so , I ca n't agree that it 's a good thing .
Director/co-writer Peter Berg 's Patriots Day honors the Boston strong who faced and triumphed over that horrific tragedy .
The film perfectly understands what a city , a country and the citizens look for in the revision of a trauma and it 's delivered with the highest technical precision . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Equal parts heartbreaking , tense and thrilling .
A nightmare that gives us images and moments of great ambition in its elaboration and in its content . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Whatever the reason , Patriots Day gets the job done . And it does so , even in these deeply divided times , in a manner that makes all of us a little proud to be , well , patriots .
The interest is maintained thanks to this eagerness for detail that allows to integrate this film in a middle step of the most meritorious procedural . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film in favor of the United States , but it 's effective in its objectives . More than a drama is an exciting film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that honors the citizens of Boston , its spirit and the authorities who gave their best for this tragedy to unite the human race . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Patriots Day is a film that will keep you on the edge of your seat . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It may have been a real masterpiece , but unfortunately it ends up as a sentimentaloid monologue . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A correct film that stays within its limits without ever forgetting the weight of what is being narrated . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Peter Berg 's Patriots Day is a thrilling telling of a tragic and uplifting event , brought marvelously to life through an excellent cast , skilled direction , and a well-structured script that takes the time to flesh out its characters .
What Patriot 's Day manages to do , and do well , is take a story whose ending we are all familiar with and make it not just suspenseful , but emotionally wrenching .
Watching it is an upsetting , discomfiting experience , but also a necessary act of recognition for the people involved , the lives irrevocably changed .
Simplistic to an extent , the good guys-versus-villainous ` others ' narrative is further undermined by the occasional undercurrent of jingoism .
It 's the anti-Trump movie America needs right now .
It is the most effective at the end when Berg shows off some of the real people from the film . Their stories can still bring audiences to tears . Too bad the movie itself could not get closer to that .
At a certain point , consideration becomes clinginess , and Berg holds on so tight to his emotional pandering , it comes at the expense of everything else
-LSB- Patriots Day -RSB- emphasises the heroism of a city full of individuals , united by tragedy and resilience .
This human cross-section , spliced archive clips and visceral location shooting , create a throbbing sense of the city 's pulse that becomes the engine of Patriots Day .
This film manages to get the balance right between gritty action and inspiring heroics .
Unfocused like a 1970s cast-of-thousands disaster flick , and with little point beyond engaging in bland and easy propagandistic cheering . Boston deserves better .
In this case , however , the honest , straight-up public servant -LSB- Wahlberg -RSB- plays is kind of a fake .
Ultimately , there is a vacuum where the real investigation should be - into the characters and the human heart .
A taut , multi-stranded account of the Boston marathon bombing .
A vivid , evocative and unflinching retelling of the April 2013 Boston marathon bombings and their immediate aftermath .
Throughout , Patriots Day does walk the line between moving historical account of a real-life tragedy and hokey soap opera . Fortunately , it manages to be much more of the former than the latter .
Berg licks the story along at an efficient pace , imparts a powerful sense of a city under siege in the overhead camerawork , and wrings tears in a final reveal involving the actual participants . Dramatically , though ... not quite enough is at stake .
The subject matter could have easily been mishandled but it is un-waveringly respectful to the victims and the heroes of that fateful day .
It 's not suspenseful so much as commemorative and even , in paying tribute to the resilient spirit of Boston and all of those caught up in this attack , celebratory . It 's a kind of civic tribute .
There 's a lingering sense of awkwardness that springs from the way the film leans on easy cliches , stereotypes and emotions for entertainment .
This is old-fashioned , no-frills action film-making , the sort of efficient macho-minded entertainment that Berg is good at .
It may see the world in black and white , it may tug at the heartstrings a little enthusiastically at times but at its best Patriots Day is a taut , pulse-racing thriller that tries to take something positive from the darkest of times .
A great story told sensitively and tactfully .
Berg brings his customary technical flair to this efficient dramatisation ...
A film that 's undeniably tense and about as exciting as action movies get . Yet it never feels exploitative or artificially emotive .
This movie chronicles the hours before the bombing and the manhunt over the days afterwards , often in forensic detail , combining traditional crime-thriller drama with real CCTV , news and mobile phone footage .
The strong narrative pulse overrides the irritation of Wahlberg 's blue-collar alpha-saint .
The hard-drive details of the day 's horror stay with you .
Patriots Day is stirring , well-acted , moving and built with conviction and flair .
The first half hour of Patriots Day is riveting .
Peter Berg 's direction is never mawkish , and provides many moments of unexpected sensitivity .
Berg deserves more recognition than he gets - he 's Michael Bay with a social conscience .
A senseless outrage is handled with sensitivity in a stirring film that does n't need an A-list hero .
This film is a real masterclass in the notion of storytelling , and with the commitment to realism , it makes for a truly challenging film to sit through .
The third part of Berg 's unofficial Americans-in-crisis trilogy will play better for US audiences than overseas , but it 's still a pacy and often enthralling disaster movie .
Berg never shies from the horror of an attack which killed three civilians and injured over 260 more , yet the emphasis is firmly on humanity , hope and bravery .
But Wahlberg 's persistent Masshole persona grates quickly , as does the perpetuating of the idea that somehow Boston is the only city that would respond this way to an attack .
As well as demonstrating the impact the docu-drama format can have by placing you right in the middle of events , Patriots Day also shows how the battle against terrorism requires ordinary people standing up .
As Berg demonstrated in his last film , Deepwater Horizon , he knows how to find his way around a broad canvas .
Patriots Day is a watchable film that tries not to delve into politics -LRB- although it goes close some times -RRB- and pays tribute to those who risk their lives to keep us all safe from harm .
Much of this feels familiar or worse , especially the cringeworthy finale .
Nailbiting and poignant .
A great strength of this film is a focus on extended scenes , some quiet , some explosive , ones that remind me of the best recent television such as True Detective .
... a passable endeavor that probably would 've fared better had it been helmed by almost anyone else ...
Berg shows respect for the Tsarnaevs ' victims , while demonstrating his knack for the chaos of urban carnage and combat .
Indicative of how Patriots Day keeps getting the basics right is also evident in how it approaches the dicey issue of depicting the bombers themselves .
A surprisingly solid thriller , Patriots Day paints a compelling picture of a city in crisis but fails to strike the right balance between fact and fiction .
It 's ... a gripping portrayal of an hour-by-hour response to terror , with strong supporting players and an effective score by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross .
A dramatized story with the tension and urgency of a thriller that keeps suspense and expectation high . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Two films , one perfectly competent , the other one a skillful blend of character study and taut suspense .
Astonishing technical filmmaking that never quite graduates to anything more .
`` Patriots Day '' touches on vast phenomena , looking at an event that packs a huge amount of modern mental space in its crisp narrative confines . That 's why its blandly reductive simplicity is all the more unfortunate .
With a strong director at the helm , Patriot 's Day is a successful representation not only of tragedy but of the love , determination and support that can spur out of the ashes .
Overall , Patriots Day succeeds in accurately portraying what happened during the Boston Marathon bombing and its aftermath . It also gives a glimmer of hope for the American people .
Patriots Day is too little . There 's too little new information , too little character development and too little reason for it to exist .
For this tense real-life drama , director Peter Berg weaves a wide , vivid tapestry of Boston ; it 's an admirable feat , but his unrefined techniques grow exhausting after a long 130 minutes .
a very good film , when it should have been a great one
The kind of all-star disaster movie you might 've seen in the 70s -LRB- with photos of Simmons , Goodman , Bacon , and the rest of the supporting players lined up in a neat row at the bottom of the poster -RRB- , complete with half-baked backstories and dopey romances .
Perfect pacing , ultra-realistic special effects and great acting make this an action thriller not to be missed .
The film maintains a balance between various plotlines in a similarly fact-base retelling ...
Too many compromises undermine the latest Peter Berg/Mark Wahlberg collaboration .
` Patriots Day ' marks the second collaboration between director Peter Berg and star Mark Wahlberg in less than six months -LRB- and a third overall -RRB- , but their awkward mix of pride and terror might be their best .
The standard disaster film plot , combined with the police investigation plot , works well for this film , and the actors are convincing . The depiction of the bombing itself is almost too effective .
The film serves us best as a shout out to Boston for remaining unified , calm and vigilant in its reaction to such evil .
Patriots Day is more effective as a suspense thriller than a stirring docudrama that explores the complexities of real-life heroism .
A gripping , tense drama centered on a man who exemplifies American values of decency and integrity and shows exceptional ability to rise to the occasion .
The film then works best as this kind of warm testimonial to the grit of those that fought back , and a truly terrifying glimpse as to what can happen , and how very much worse it could have very easily been .
Wahlberg is the perfect actor for the role , but it 's the role that feels artificially grafted on to nearly every scene .
A superhero in his ability to be in every single location that matters ... A teenage boy 's savior fantasy : if only I am always in the right place at the right time , I will be the greatest hero my friends and family and my town has ever known !
As a thrilling , emotional and reverential experience , ` Patriots Day ' goes the distance .
At its best , there 's a frenetic authenticity to the plotting . But at other times it reads like schlock , recalling the pulp realism of Dirty Harry and Black Sunday .
While the film has its moments of real potency , both Berg and Wahlberg bullishly proceed with a certain tone-deafness to the nuance of it all .
... a slick and straightforward docudrama based on real events that generates enough suspense and emotional resonance to overcome its heavy-handed embellishments .
A film content with the charming , if chuckleheaded , cartoon of the Boston local that Wahlberg has regularly inhabited throughout his career .
Patriots Day continually surprised me with details I 'd forgotten or missed .
An offering that hits the right emotional notes at the right dramatic moments . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Berg 's primary accomplishment is his ability to create tension and suspense in a story that everyone already knows .
The film , which swivels frantically between first responders , survivors , and investigators , has a percussive force .
Patriots Day is a profound and moving film about a city , ripped apart by hate , that quickly comes together to heal through love , heroism and patriotism .
A noble effort that honors Boston 's law enforcement and citizens in equal measure .
An efficient and intense thriller that mines the best tropes of the chase genre .
It 's a story about one city , but it honors the essence of America , and it shows that when the going gets rough , we 're all Boston Strong .
A tense and tightly edited police procedural that never sinks to cheap emotional manipulation of the awful event at its center .
Works with the vigor and momentum of a weeknight crime expose .
Celebrates competence over bravado ... and the people of Boston over any attempts to circumscribe their freedoms , dampen their enthusiasms or clean up their language .
At its best , Patriots Day is extremely effective filmmaking . ... It is too bad ... that the rest of the film is less taut .
Nakedly manipulative ... Mixing fact with fiction for the purposes of emotional blackmail ... Off-putting , bordering on sleazy .
The film surges forward with a satisfyingly staccato , police-procedural rhythm .
... well-made , traditional movie with a great sense of place and a cast of characters you can identify with . .
Patriots Day lands between the absorbing and the problematic .
It is n't quite Captain Phillips or Zero Dark Thirty , but it 's a more thoughtful and restrained film than you might 've been expecting .
Far from being exploitative , `` Patriots Day '' honors the Bostonians who responded to terrorism with strength .
Berg 's chronicle of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings and the subsequent manhunt is a first rate docudrama .
A more personal approach would have elevated Patriots Day from a solid effort to retell a familiar story to a deep and moving reminder of the kind of personal damage that comes with this kind of tragedy .
At its best , the film is a tapestry of pain and various forms of bravery .
Though Patriots Day is plagued by the requisite cheese , it remains remarkably apolitical , preferring to present a black and white battle of good vs. evil rather than muddle in the complicated shades of gray .
Details the accounts of not only the bombing , but the shooting and gunfire in the streets , and ultimately the capture of the suspects .
Patriots Day is a very good thriller about a horrifying moment of real American trauma -- the Boston Marathon bombing of 2013 . But it 's also proof of what William Blake tells us : enough is too much .
You leave the theater impressed , inspired and moved by the unique community spirit known as `` Boston Strong . ''
At its core lies a clear and hugely suspenseful timeline of the bomb plot and the four-day manhunt for the perpetrators .
Overall , this is a Boston Strong film about one of the worst terrorist attacks ever on American soil , and a community 's resounding response .
Did the real story all go down like this , and does it matter ? The answers are `` not exactly '' and `` probably not , '' since Patriots Day is meant as an ode to teamwork , civic pride and doing what a man 's got ta do .
An engrossing procedural that immerses us within the tragedy that killed three and injured hundreds more .
After dispensing with the sluggish setup of the film 's first act , Berg shifts into high gear , powerfully evoking the feelings of dread and white-knuckle excitement that much of America no doubt felt as the manhunt progressed .
The film seems comfortable with -LSB- the police 's tactics -RSB- , and also with removing the pesky question of motive from its prime movers : it 's enough that they 're bad guys who did a very bad thing and must be brought to justice .
Packed with verisimilitude and visceral punch , `` Patriots Day '' is a harrowing film , and one not to be missed .
If Berg had dug deeper , he could have had a great film on his hands ; as it stands , he 's delivered a rote , but occasionally thought-provoking , misfire .
It 's not exploitative or overtly political , and the violence is both sickening and sad . That 's what makes it effective , but also impressive as a still-fresh take on a recent tragedy , messy as it is .
Patriots Day is ultimately a tale of hope and inspiration ... The survivors live on and honor those who died , and the people from whom so much was taken came together , stood together , and healed together . Patriots Day honors them , as should we all .
Berg 's film is n't seeking answers ; it 's seeking solace . Patriots Day puts forth a vision of a multicultural society that rises up to reject the fear of terrorism . Its heroes are of all colors , immigrants and Southies , alike .
I 'm conflicted about Patriots Day , a new drama based on the events of the Boston Marathon bombing , which I wanted to like more than I did .
Overall , there 's a disjointed feel to the proceedings as the fictional Saunders is inserted into this factual narrative , which also employs news footage in its visual design .
A well-meaning , well-executed movie that tells the story of the Boston Marathon bombings of 2013 as a crime thriller - an interesting choice that works well , for the most part .
A competently-made thriller that 's overtly about love and coming together as a city but has a near-constant , icky subtext of authoritarianism .
Because of the subject matter ... it ca n't help but have strong emotional impact , even if ultimately it does n't measure up to Paul Greengrass 's ` United 93 ' -LRB- still the touchstone of this genre -RRB- - or the previous Berg-Wahlberg films .
An uplifting depiction of a town and its citizens united , tough and determined to not let the bad guys win .
This is an undeniably effective movie that I mostly enjoyed , even though I 'm not altogether sure it should ever have been made .
The movie becomes more about its own heroism than the people who lived through the harrowing events .
Berg 's managed to do the impossible : he crafts a respectful portrait of the Boston citizens who pulled together in the face of trauma while he creates a taut , electric action movie .
For all its rough edges and gruesome touches , `` Patriots Day '' is a heartfelt and ambitious attempt to turn mayhem into something that 's emotionally valid .
Patriots Day is a tense movie that honors human strength during the darkest of hours .
Patriots Day lands with all the subtlety of one of the deadly explosions that claimed three lives and injured 264 others . Terrorism , bad . Law enforcement , first responders , marathon runners and onlookers , good ... But , boy , it 's effective .
-LRB- Director Peter Berg -RRB- also takes time to focus on the human toll of the tragedy - interweaving stories of those injured , the suffering they endured and their determination not to allow this calamity to ultimately define them .
Like Deepwater Horizon , it 's better than I expected -- albeit nowhere near as good as it might have been .
Peter Berg has fashioned something both immersive and beautiful out of tragedy , namely his best film yet .
What saves it is the surprising amount of nail-biting suspense .
Through storytelling skill , attention to detail and narrative momentum , Berg again takes a story well all know and makes it compelling , engaging and downright riveting .
Patriots Day is a poignant portrait of heroism in the face of horror .
` Terror bad . Boston strong . '
Peter Berg 's Patriots Day ... combines action-movie flash with commemorative-movie solemnity ... Neither insultingly exploitative nor piously dignified , it is a nearly ideal example of pop-art historical filmmaking .
Sober , by-the-numbers docudrama , simplistically concluding that tragedy can bring out the best in everyone .
In other hands , Patriots Day could have been a paint-by-the numbers action thriller , but strong performances and well-paced momentum make it an engrossing watch .
`` Patriots Day '' personifies the phrase `` Boston strong . ''
Ultimately , Patriots Day looks at how the city and its law enforcement officials came together in the face of this horrible tragedy .
Patriots Day is not only one of the most important films of the year ... it 's one of the best of 2016 .
Peter Berg and Mark Whalberg are back together again , and once more they do a commendable job bringing a true story to life .
The film is too choppily made , rushed and heavy-handed to be anything greater than a by-the-numbers , `` based on true events '' pic .
This whole nauseating enterprise smacks of the basest exploitation .
Vividly crafted , suspenseful , and respectful to those involved in violence and law enforcement , the feature is easily Berg 's best work .
Patriots Day is the third Berg-Wahlberg collaboration and although it does n't measure up to the chills and excitement of their first film , Lone Survivor , it does raise goose bumps with its accuracy , realism , and attention to detail .
Wahlberg playing the everyman seems forced and makes the film less impactful than I would have preferred .
Like other films of its ilk , `` Patriots Day '' holds us in its grip despite the fact we all know the outcome .
Patriots Day benefits from a robust , concentrated timeline and sheer bat-out-of-hell pacing .
Holding things together is Mark Wahlberg as the smart-mouthed police detective who helps break the case .
Tommy 's movie-magical appearances in so many places are less an emotional through-line than a mechanical contrivance , as you wonder , more than once , how does he happen to be on that street in his cruiser , right at that moment ?
It 's hard not to respond with tears seeing how individuals-and a community-faced with tragedy pull their lives back together . I found it humbling . Patriots Day packs an emotional wallop
You always feel like you smack in the middle of the investigation . But that 's about all you feel until pictures of the real victims pop up at the end . It 's then that you dissolve into tears . But by then , you may have already dropped out of the race .
uses the tragedy-procedural mode to , rather conspicuously , reassert pivotal cliches of our no-end-in-sight War on Terror moment , from the banal to the bizarre
As any good historical drama should be , this is much better than a documentary , but , unlike most historical dramas forced upon us by Hollywood , this one is very close to what actually happened . Well-paced and acted , this a film not to be missed .
Patriots Day may strike some as unwelcome fuel on a smoldering political fire , but it does n't seem intended as such . Its only goal is to provide the nail-biting tension and visceral thrills of an action-blockbuster , and it succeeds .
Berg 's unquestioning faith in law and order could have used , well , a little questioning . But this is a a raw , riveting , emotionally wrenching docudrama from Peter Berg and producer-star Mark Wahlberg .
By seeing this kind of story in the context of ultimately triumphalist entertainment , we risk seeing every tragic event , every terrorist activity , as just more fodder for big-screen storytelling , rather than as part of a larger picture .
An unblemished ensemble , partnered with a near perfect crafts team , makes for a pure sentimental outing at the movies .
Berg and company have recreated familiar events in a gripping and immediate narrative .
At best , it 's unnecessary . At worst , it 's vaguely insulting .
With `` Patriots Day , '' the big irony is that the film would have worked a whole lot better if its star had been excised entirely .
Peter Berg and Mark Wahlberg reteam for a stirring and fascinating movie that focuses on the aftermath of the Boston Marathon Bombing and the heroic efforts of a few who helped define the term ` Boston Strong ' .
Balancing the perspectives of perpetrators , policemen and victims with wiry tension and tender human interest , it 's not entirely the rah-rah flag-waving exercise the title promises .
Police procedural captures the horror and urgency of the Boston Marathon Bombings . Watertown shootout is amazing real-life recreation .
It works so hard to evoke a sense of teary patriotism it leaves behind a grimy feeling .
The best thing about Patriots Day is that it bespeaks cherished values without framing them as messages .
The story ca n't help but be stirring , but director Peter Berg 's spare , flag-waving ode to Beantown 's beating heart frequently comes across as more dutiful than dramatic .
a strong topical thriller
These people deserve a more interesting and more measured film instead of this messy hybrid that tries to have it every which way .
A relevant true story that continues Peter Berg 's hot streak with Mark Wahlberg , respects those who perished during the week of the Boston Marathon bombings , and celebrates everyday heroism .
As he did in `` Deepwater Horizon , '' which had the fortune of being merely anodyne , Peter Berg tacks on an extended coda featuring the real survivors , asserting that he 's done them right when he 's done nothing of the sort .
Another dynamic , real-life thriller for Berg/Wahlberg , with a standout performance by Alex Wolff .
A harrowing but inspiring look at a deplorable act of terror that brought a number of brave individuals and a city together to find those responsible .
A great American movie about the greatness of ordinary Americans , `` Patriots Day '' combines an electrifying manhunt with the intimacy and feel for character writer-director Peter Berg showed in his brilliant TV series `` Friday Night Lights . ''
Patriots Day could do with a bit more subtlety at times , but it 's a well-made if somewhat slight memorial to the victims and their families that embodies the Boston Strong spirit .
-LSB- A -RSB- heartfelt tribute to guys who get the job done . Even when the job is almost unimaginable .
Whether they are celebrated filmmakers or ordinary folks , tragedy can bring out the best in people , and `` Patriots Day '' is the latest example of both sides of the equation .
`` Patriots Day '' works so well on a dramatic level that my qualms were silenced almost entirely from the start .
Patriots Day by and large withstands the inevitable charges of too-soon opportunism , exhibiting some of the very same traits it extols in its local-hero characters-namely , diligence , competence , and a proportional sense of urgency .
Everyone involved in this movie should be ashamed of themselves .
Patriots Day is not the Hallmark sham you might fear , as it focuses on the people of Massachusetts whose strength will be remembered in history books .
Watching the shootouts , the audience might say , `` Looks like another video-game scene '' and yet we 're told that the action throughout the movie is an authentic working of actual events during Boston Marathon .
This third Wahlberg/Berg salute to American heroes is as purposeful , effective and unnerving as it should be .
This fine adult thriller casts the successful pursuit of those responsible for the Boston Marathon bombing as a cathartic victory for a nation still scarred by the 9/11 attacks .
As long as Patriots Day is concerned with recreating the sense of ambient chaos among sparring investigators and an anxious community , it 's immersive and thrilling .
The powerful docudrama Patriots Day is a salute to the better angels of human nature .
When Peter Berg focuses solely on the moments in his films , without letting sentiment or messaging seep onto the screen , he 's among the best directors of pulse-pounding , you-are-there suspense working today .
Captures the confusion of the bombing and its aftermath , but also highlights the organizational forces of law and medicine that push through .
Patriots Day is n't an easy watch , but it 's a necessary one - perhaps now more so than ever .
The action is merciless , expertly choreographed - and as a result , energizing .
Berg 's film is most effective when it recognizes that heroism does n't come from bombastic shows of force or grand pronouncements , but the assured execution of a given task when the moment demands it most .
`` Patriots Day '' is a crackling action-thriller , but that technical facility has such a dismayingly anonymous precision to it that the film begins to feel like a soulless , mechanical exercise in pure kinetic showmanship .
Like the heroic Bostonians it celebrates , civilians and law enforcement both , Peter Berg 's Patriots Day gets the job done .
The tension that slowly builds as the inevitable finally happens is brilliantly wrought , with the score - provided by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross - proving a swelling drone which creeps up and peaks in all the right places .
An intense , jittery re-creation of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing and the four-day manhunt that followed , `` Patriots Day '' is the movie CBS Films was put on this earth to produce .
It 's not interested in why the bombers committed this act or in the mechanisms by which they were captured . Still , as a retelling of a tragedy that had moments of heroism among uniformed personnel and indefatigable civilians alike , it gets the job done .

@highlight

Patriots Day offers a stirring , solidly crafted tribute to the heroes of a real-life American tragedy without straying into exploitative action thriller territory .