Cynical and raunchy comedy for adults only .
It 's a shame that the film 's main impetus turns out to be focused on such a pedestrian and predictable plot .
Messy , squalidly funny
Director Terry Zwigoff presents a scathing satire of art school student existence but derails the movie , about a talented young artist -LRB- well-played by Max Minghella -RRB- , with an artificial sub-plot about a campus serial killer .
Unfortunately , the tender observations Zwigoff and Clowes specialize in are largely missing from Art School Confidential , which spends its energy on the zany people who 'd usually pepper the edges of their films .
A stilted satire of teenage passion and apathy , sex and death and crime ... so concerned with aping style that it never bothers to consider its characters as people .
It 's too crass to be a plausible satire , and not funny enough to be a dumb comedy .
It 's the work of two misanthropes in an even worse mood than usual .
Simultaneously champions creative desire while calling out the artistic realm 's share of pretentious blowhards .
An ingenious satire of the pretentious mindset of the elitist art world from the perspective of a rapidly-disillusioned kid who had no idea what he was getting into .
Making fun of art students is like shooting Darwin fish in a barrel .
Suffers from snail-like pacing , an underwhelming central character and the `` shooting fish in a barrel '' syndrome : The film 's targets are all too obvious .
Maybe this material is n't entirely fresh , but Zwigoff delivers it with the snap of a quick punch to the face -- which is , in fact , the first image in the film , and a model for innumerable excellent sight gags to follow .
... generally comes off as nothing less than a substantial disappointment .
The few characters we might have cared for become increasingly shallow , and it all lapses into clichés about the relationship between art and infamy , between personal integrity and selling your soul , and so on .
Curiously , this relentlessly cynical tone turns out sounding refreshingly original compared to the usual pieties in the genre .
The true merit of the movie is the momentary pleasures of the dialogue and the performances , but the story itself leaves you wanting . So , is it art ? Looks like it .
Has the makings of a mediocre , after-school sitcom
Art School Confidential s ` avère une autre belle réussite pour les deux artistes -LSB- Zwigoff et Clowes -RSB- qui , espérons-le , collaboreront à nouveau dans un avenir rapproché .
Unfortunately , Clowes ' script is lame and littered with stereotypes , and the performances of Max Minghella , Sophia Myles , John Malkovich , Jim Broadbent and Anjelica Huston ca n't save it .
Director Terry Zwigoff and comic book artist-turned-screenwriter Daniel Clowes follow up their Ghost World success with a less satisfying collaboration .
Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s fine that this film feels uncomfortable indulging the shopworn tropes of coming-of-age story or black comedy or romance or mystery thriller , but , well , ambivalence is self-propagating .
Rather than observing the intimate details that make an Art School project special , the filmmakers opt to focus on Art School partying -LRB- i.e. , drinking and vomiting -RRB- instead .
Well-meaning , but ultimately flawed .
This smarty-pants campus yarn is on fire with satire .
This has the feel of a beginner 's film and has some fun moments and a good performance by John Malkovich , but overall does not have enough to keep it going .
The end itself is unsatisfying , as is the movie as a whole . It 's unfortunate , especially when you consider what might have been .
It 's quirky , it 's campy , and it 's meant to be a dark comedy , but unfortunately , funny scenes like the ones that occur early on in this film are nowhere to be found later .
An inspired work .
Zygoff and Clowes do get the most out of their first-rate cast and prove that hollow laughs are far superior to no laughs at all .
In almost any medium , Art School Confidential would draw a failing grade .
It 's a sardonic , subversive , heavy-handed black comedy , painting a nasty picture .
The fictional Strathmore Institute is populated by wannabes , poseurs , hangers-on , and has-beens , just like a real art school , but the satirical caricatures , though grounded in truth , strain credibility .
Bitter , flawed , a bit sophomoric , but compelling in a way that better balanced cinematic efforts rarely are .
... a sort of John Hughes revamp of Fritz Lang 's ` Scarlet Street ' -LRB- another film in which sexual desire leads a struggling painter down a path of death and stolen artistic identity -RRB- .
... if the lack of chemistry between the leads and the glued-together nature of the plot bring the movie down , they do n't totally extinguish its subversive spirit .
Promises to be different and then descends into the most tedious kind of bland conformity .
`` Art School Confidential , '' compared to Zwigoff 's other masterpieces `` Ghost World '' and `` Crumb , '' is a paint-by-numbers picture .
Underdeveloped and tedious , `` Art School Confidential '' left me irritated and annoyed .
One half of a funny movie .
If you 're an art student , you 'll probably buy the movie on DVD and rub it all over your body .
When his own , very earnest work is dismissed in class , Jerome suspects that talent and quality of work are not , in fact , the means to the end he wants so badly .
An absolutely hilarious performance fine-tuned to perfection by producer John Malkovich is worth the price of admission alone ...
Their humor comes not from a need to be loved or a need to win awards , but rather straight from an acute awareness of the world 's follies .
With an inert suddenness the picture looses both its charm and its nerve , descending into a subplot about a serial killer that stalls everything out completely .
No matter which is the real imitator , life or art , Art School Confidential does its own fine job skewering both .
The film loses its way with multiple subplots , becoming a hodgepodge that is n't particularly hard to follow , but , far worse , provides no compelling reason to bother .
The movie has no supportive theme or rhythm , nothing to bind its dotty patches together .
This tale of a naïve young student who is thrown to the arrogant wolves at an art school comes off as both insecure and insincere . I often did n't believe it , and I was n't sure the creators really believed it either .
A movie with the odd , tired joke about art and artists , a college romance that is n't romantic , and a plot twist that does n't twist at all .
The movie , as a whole , does n't hang together .
It feels deflated , disgruntled and pathetic .
Despite running out of juice in its last half-hour , Art School Confidential has enough solid laughs and insider jokes to become a cult perennial .
Makes you want to dunk your head in a paint can .
Zwigoff 's angry exposé of this intense , tiny subculture is n't fair to anyone in the art world , but if you can stomach the overstatement , it 's often scathingly funny . And it 's sometimes scathingly smart .
What keeps the film from being altogether snide and smug are the well-intentioned performances .
Takes some getting used to , but ends up being as bleak as Zwigoff 's coal-blackened Bad Santa .
The film does seem pleased with itself and is so smug and superior that it 's off-putting .
By the end , it feels as if Zwigoff and Clowes skimmed through a sketchbook without figuring out how to make a fully realized painting , a task that might have mattered less had the movie been either thematically more ambitious or more consistently funny .
There 's not a single person to like in Art School Confidential , a crucial mistake in a movie filled with mean , shallow and self-absorbed characters .
Simply runs out of things to do once it establishes its ground rules of defining stereotypes and mocking pretension .
As is , the dark comedy comes off like an ill-prepared yet cocky student , lacking a clear sense of vision and only getting it right every so often .
There is something in the Zwigoffian universe that values such characters -LSB- as Jimmy -RSB- ; having abandoned all illusions , they offer the possibility of truth . I also much enjoyed Broadway Bob .
Even if one disagrees with some of its points , as I do , it offers plenty to mull over .
It becomes the sort of thing Zwigoff usually holds in contempt , and how depressing is that ?
This sharply drawn satire gets so much about art school right .
-LSB- Director Terry -RSB- Zwigoff and -LSB- writer Daniel -RSB- Clowes take great joy in skewering the pretensions of the art world .
An attempt to be great that does n't quite have all the colors in the right place ... more like a finger-painting than a Picasso .
An embarrassing and unsatisfying canvas unfit even for hanging .
... a cartoonish valentine to youthful dreams of self-expression ...
Art School Confidential ai n't a big screen Picasso , but it 's also not that ceramic ashtray you made in third grade .
Starts off as a funny , smart and witty look at this art school subculture and the characters within it , but falls apart
Enjoyable and reprises the same dyspeptic attitude that infused Ghost World , but ultimately it lacks its predecessor 's originality and humanity .
-LRB- Director Terry -RRB- Zwigoff paints it all with broad strokes and bright colors , the easier to transform it into a snarky cartoon .
It 's pleasant enough , features fine acting in smaller parts , rises occasionally to laughs or plot , but its ambitions and its accomplishments are modest .
Feels forced and gimmicky .
The movie chases its own tail , making fun of itself making fun of itself . By the end , whatever targets it had in its sights are so far off you can barely see them anymore .
As much as you want to like him , by the end Jerome is just kind of a whiny twit . And as much as you might want to like the movie , it turns out to seem no more substantial than a rough sketch .
The movie accomplishes the simple-enough task of demonstrating that art school types are pretentious and self-centered . What it fails to reveal is why anyone should care .
Against this atmospheric background the characters have the depth of stick figures .
The movie wants to skewer the vapidity of the faddish art world and those who long to break into it , but the film is angrier than it is humorous , and it is ultimately overcome by its own bile .
Bitterness can carry us only so far in a movie . Director Terry Zwigoff and writer Daniel Clowes , who adapted his own comic book , do n't know what to do after they 've impaled their targets .
Proposes to paint a black comedy , but instead has the outsize ears and lopsided , leering grin of bad caricature .
It 's a ruckus , veering from one picaresque episode to the next in its eagerness to debunk Hollywood clichés and art world stereotypes , but I prefer untidy novelty to paint-by-numbers storytelling any day .
Risks more highs and lows than the plaintive , even-toned Ghost World . But both , improbably , have made themselves more or less at home on screen .
It 's often as naive as it is knowing and can feel as unfocused and sketchy as a film one of Strathmore 's students might make .
Cynically presents a culture of weirdos who would n't know talent if it poked them in the eye with a paintbrush .
grabs you by the backpack and sends you hurtling into a realm of false praise , vicious backbiting and pretentious gallery openings . A rich , bleedingly authentic cast of characters emerges .
If you 're expecting another Enid , forget it . That kind of lightning only strikes once .
Less satisfying overall than it could have been , it nonetheless boasts a sublime cynicism and just enough of a twinkle in its metaphorical eye to let most of us in on the joke
Fails to find a suitably funny or illuminating target at which to direct -LSB- its -RSB- mordant negativity .
Starts out as a great movie that eventually devolves into a pretty good one .
A movie that only a Rupert Pupkin could enjoy guilt-free
An admittedly amusing , completely miserable picture filled with too-easy yuks that make you feel cheap and dirty the second you 're done chuckling .
Displays an affectionate/mocking attention to detail that extends into countless memorable little touches and peripheral characters .
This might have played better if the same riffs were n't already explored in Six Feet Under .
Zwigoff too often picks up his putty knife when he should be running with scissors ... does n't quite add up to the sum of its parts , but some of the parts are pretty amusing all the same .
Terry Zwigoff 's third feature also does n't come close to fulfilling the promise he showed in his documentary debut , Crumb , or in the marvelous Ghost World .
In handing such a major role to such an untested actor -LRB- he 's the son of film director Anthony Minghella -RRB- , Zwigoff takes a risk that ultimately does n't pay off .
Though Minghella is a fine actor , there 's not a lot he can do with what is essentially a stick figure .
Every teacher is a burn-out , every student is a fraud and experimental artists are the worst burn-outs and frauds of all .
Jerome eventually learns that talent has nothing to do with the success he craves - and , sadly , talented filmmakers and actors do n't add up to much in Art School Confidential .
There are two movies vying to occupy the same space here : a teen comedy about artistic pretension and academic double standards , and a darker , nastier movie about a serial killer .
A low-key satire of the consensual illusion of art world success , Art School Confidential deftly evokes the peculiar , funny-sad heartbreak of the aspiring genius .
The surplus of plot and characters does not translate into an abundance of interesting situations .
The best elements of the film rest in Minghella 's personal coming-of-age journey and in the wonky personality that the Zwigoff-Clowes collaboration brings to the screen .
Is it satiric ? Is it sincere ? Go figure , but know this for sure : There 's nothing confident about Art School Confidential .
When you 're lampooning a subculture like the art world , one that already easily lends itself to parody , hitting the target demands more -- not less -- of the satirist taking aim . And this movie settles for less and misses .
Art School Confidential 's various plotlines never quite gel to form a cohesive whole .
Lashes out at straw men .
It 's almost fascinating to watch Art School Confidential slowly start coming apart before it finally crashes and burns .
A comedy about a young man 's wild quest to become the greatest artist in the 21st century .
Terry Zwigoff and Daniel Clowes plod through a grouchy attack on and example of the pretense and hypocrisy of self-declared artists .
I appreciate the intelligence of the script and the style of the film .
Zwigoff captures quite well the backstab aspects of this world , its rampant phoney baloneyness . But his funk does n't allow him to capture something far more enticing : the power of true artistry .
-LSB- The film -RSB- is at once an awkward coming-of-age story , a scabrous take-down of art-world hypocrisy , and even a murder mystery in which a serial strangler preys on Strathmore 's nascent aesthetes .
Whether the joke 's meant to be on us or on the storytellers , I 'm not buying the punchline .
Offers some solid laughs , but then gets bogged down in a rather dreary crime drama story that is n't as much fun .
Art School Confidential shows the kind of backbone needed by limp parodies like Thank You for Smoking and American Dreamz .
A strange concoction of weird stories and styles ... The elements of the plot clash continually , never meshing .
Possibly there has never been a movie about the art world that 's as much of an eyesore as the coming-of-age oddity Art School Confidential .
Art School Confidential is replete with humorous detail -- in that respect , the student art projects are particularly fine -- but it 's the attitude that rules .
The matter-of-fact filmmaking style is made up for by the vitality of the all-around fantastic performances , the striking use of color , and dialogue that 's as tasty as an Ernest Lehman/Clifford Odets cookie full of arsenic .
Almost as much satiric fun as ` Thank You for Smoking . '
I like Dan Clowes , but this was n't one of his better comix , and the film is n't one of Zwigof 's better either .
It was dead , pitch perfect . And realistic and funny .
a minor work from the maker of off-kilter gems .
Art School Confidential constitutes two-thirds of a worthy follow-up to Ghost World , but it does n't feel nearly as substantial .
A lazy , unsatisfying comedy noir .
Its final shot is a beautiful masterstroke of the separation and desire involved in personally connecting with a piece of art and is the kind of frame-worthy moment that more students should be learning about .
A satisfyingly bilious satire .
It 's a look at art school life . It 's a love story . It 's a coming of age tale . It 's a serial killer murder mystery . None of these themes fit together and it makes for a really disjointed , confusing watch .
Part satire of art school , part love story , part serial killer mystery , but not satisfying on any of these levels , Zwigoff 's new film is rambling , lacking dramatic center and emotional focus .
Art School likely will entertain a sophomoric audience and etch some winning college-kid figures , but art house audiences will be disappointed by its paint-by-numbers storytelling .
These characters are dead-on stereotypes .
-LSB- The film -RSB- feels insubstantial , echoing without equaling both the coolly ironic edge and heart of Ghost World .

@highlight

Art School 's misanthropy is too sour , its targets too flat and cliched , and Clowes and Zwigoff stumble when trying to build a story around the premise .