Begins as a standard quirky , indie coming-of-age film , but slowly -- like melting ice -- turns into something more profound and genuinely touching .
Satisfaisant , mais on commence à connaitre la chanson un peu trop par cur .
Left me too much in the cold to warm up to it .
Here is an absurd black comedy that is not afraid to give us some insight into the often dark dealings of the teenage psyche .
Holds the attention with imaginative detail and a veneer of deadpan humor , like thin ice over a sea of despair
A quirky , amusing little film .
Kári 's deadpan humor instills the film 's emptiness with a warm glow .
A better-than - average tale of teenage angst that balances its tone between sorrow and buoyant good cheer .
Its unusual ambiance and quirky turns make it a peculiarly affecting addition to the coming-of-age genre .
The director is constantly playing off the bleakness -- as well as the beauty -- of the Icelandic surroundings .
After spending most of an hour being made to care about how Nói will solve his problems , our emotional investment evaporates like dot-com stock .
If you see only one quirky coming-of-age movie set on a remote Icelandic fiord this year , make it Noi .
Proceeds at a , no pun intended , glacial pace ... but the film is possessed of something more important : a bone-weary honesty at the travails of being young , different , and stuck somewhere you do n't want to be .
Who can resist a movie set in a town where the natural history museum , filled with stuffed polar bears and such , is ` the wildest place in town ' ?
Meditation on loneliness and isolation not highly entertaining but offers food for thought
Unfortunately , we 're not given much reason to care about this mopey bore , and I found my mind wandering as it did in a previous Icelandic film , Reykjavik 101 .
Kári captures the contradictory sense of claustrophobia and emptiness that is both real and metaphoric . And Lemarquis is very watchable , as is Hansdóttir as Iris .
Like Donnie Darko and Rushmore , Noi marks the arrival of a young filmmaker whose career is full of promise .
Kari may eventually go far , but for now he 's one of the less interesting inhabitants of international art cinema 's disaffected-youth ghetto .
The movie is kind of like Nói - going nowhere fast . There are interesting characters that are good for some laughs , but the story runs out of gas and never quite recovers .
As a drama , Nòi seems as cold as the icy land in which it takes place . But it still offers a glimpse into a rarely seen world , and more adventurous moviegoers will find it eye-opening .
A memorably bleak Icelandic exercise graced by the arresting performance of Tómas Lemarquis in the title role .
The film is so recessive that at times it threatens to disappear into itself , but director Kari saves it with delicious images of absurdity and entrapment .
Noi should appeal to those with more quirky tastes .
... a hip rendition of a familiar tale made unfamiliar by its exotic location and it 's genuinely surprise ending . Writer/director Kári is one to watch .
A wry comment on coming of age and small-town life .
Who knew a movie in a setting so cold could be so warm ? Read on - >
Strictly ironic yet surprisingly touching portrait of a lost , latter-day Viking who would n't know what to do with a rudder even if he could find one .
As many times as we may feel we 've seen this story -- maybe not in Iceland , but somewhere -- Kári approaches the material with a sensibility closer to the deadpan grace of Aki Kaurismäki than the suburban melancholy of John Hughes .
Droll , dry and delicate , it 's the kind of humor that makes it hard to decide if Noi is a comic story with tragic elements or the other way around .
A film of wry , black humor and small moments ... whose ominous ending combines the mythic and the everyday , leaving an unsettling ambiguity and many questions .
looks at first like an episode of Northern Exposure .
Like its hero ... it 's just a little too uninterested in being liked -- and a little too devoted to being flagrantly , foolishly odd .
Noi is a quirky coming-of-age drama about one troubled youth 's yearning to escape the ice , the snow and the predictability of his home in Iceland .
Too funny to be considered a tragedy but too melancholy to fit neatly in the comedy category , this bittersweet delight from Iceland is as about as unique and unclassifiable as its hero .
The laconic Lemarquis does a solid job carrying off Kári 's dryly mordant wit , making this eccentric story well worth watching .
Kari successfully meshes comedy , ennui and tragedy , much in the manner of Jim Jarmusch and Finnish auteur Aki Kaurismaki .
This crowd-pleasing tale of growing pains is a work of undeniable charm and unexpected gravity , endowed with an offbeat sense of humor that will appeal to fans of Jim Jarmusch and Aki Kaurismaki .
The title character of Dagur Kari 's debut feature is an albino teenager who lives in a small town in a remote part of Iceland .
Quirky , heartfelt acting makes this a superior entry in the perennial teenage-misfit genre .
Teen angst , Icelandic style , rendered with a slyly humorous .
Paced a bit too glacially for my taste , yet it 's worth sitting through for its trick ending , a twist of events as ominous as the landscape .
A lightly comic slacker drama that takes the desperation of teenage tedium seriously .
A playfully quirky and , ultimately , unexpectedly affecting portrait of a 17-year-old slacker .
Coming of age stories are often populated with teens who are alienated , but this teen really looks like a pale brother from another planet .
Features Nordic emotions held typically in deep check -- and flurries of dry black irony .
Has the deadpan , melancholic tone that brings to mind the poker-faced entertainment of Finland 's Aki Kaurismäki .
A terrific picture crouched in the centre of a blasted Icelandic winter .
A terrific feature debut from a filmmaker to watch .





@highlight

A darkly humorous , quirky coming-of-age film , enhanced by its Icelandic setting .