Would have benefited greatly from Singer trusting his talent and assembling a Superman movie that attempted to soar beyond the heights previously achieved decades ago .
For all the mountains of kryptonite ranged against him , you never fear for Superman or Lois Lane , never experience anything more intense than the fret of mild peril .
Superman Returns is a great kick start to a potentially knockout new franchise , which ultimately leaves the audience , like the people of Metropolis when its greatest hero returns to the skies , brimming with hope .
The movie runs nearly half an hour longer than it should , with a new plot strand introduced in the third act that has questionable vitality in the presumed sequel .
One of this summer 's best action movies .
More stolid than awe-inspiring
None of which would register if Routh were n't a Superman whom if we do n't need we can at least feel for .
Underneath its mechanical safety and mild-manners , this movie does have some heart and some muscle . You 'll come to like having it around , even if you thought you 'd already moved on .
Superman Returns feels eager to please , and it frequently succeeds , but despite its best intentions , it seldom soars to the height of 1978 's Superman : The Movie
Superman Returns is a bombastic , rousing , explosive burst of summer fun and fantasy , enriched by its predecessors and rejuvenated by the new blood and slavish religious devotion of director Bryan Singer .
Solid and emotionally direct but not the concussive powerhouse many will be hoping for .
the tragedy of 9/11 and Lois ' super sex with the ` man of steel ' are two major selling points of the film , but they remain as sublimated as Clark Kent 's secret identity .
Ignore the hype , ignore the budget , ignore the expectations , sit back , relax and let Superman return .
The Man of Steel as a morally-compromised and ethically-challenged figure has the potential to be quite compelling , but if and only if he is portrayed as confronting his demons in a more meaningful way .
better than 3 and 4
May be the most reverent superhero film ever made .
Singer has crafted a generally exciting and dazzling entertainment .
It 's too long , but then so-called ` event movies ' always have been .
Resembling Reeve both physically and vocally , Routh certainly has large red boots to fill . And he fills them admirably
Yes , the new Superman Returns movie flies . It just does n't soar .
After nearly 20 years in hiding , one would expect Superman 's return to be special . Alas , the most noteworthy thing about director Bryan Singer 's new movie is the hype surrounding it .
click to read full review -LSB- Greek -RSB-
Emphasizes the reasons I do n't find Superman all that interesting .
It 's been 5 years since Superman -LRB- Brandon Routh -RRB- left Earth to search for the remains of his home planet Krypton . Upon his return , the Man of Steel discovers a world in turmoil and a changed Lois Lane -LRB- Kate Bosworth -RRB- - engaged to be married and the mothe
The film 's weaknesses aside , there is no denying that Singer has pulled out all the stops in his bid to make the biggest , loudest summer blockbuster possible .
The film has a parallel universe that extends beyond the losses the characters suffer to the ones the audience has , based on who we are and what has happened to us .
Superman returns with a vengeance .
In a time where the youth of this nation are fighting and dying to defend this country , the film argues that each one of us can be super under the right circumstance .
By taking a step backward and remembering what we loved about Superman in the first place , Singer goes two steps forward and produces a triumph of not only good over evil but faith over cynicism .
Quite capable of leaping tall buildings in a single bound , -LSB- but -RSB- does so without much care or conviction .
Rapturously engaging !
Super return for Superman ...
A good start at revitalizing a dead series . Get rid of Kevin Spacey for the sequel and you might have something spectacular .
A tender film that steps outside of its expected genre .
As a superhero film it 's really extremely impressive , probably higher in quality than even the first X-Men film and right up there with the Spiderman films .
This Superman takes flight like few before and one wonders whether the film 's minor flaws mean only that the sequel , like Singer 's X2 , is destined to become a real classic of the genre .
Romántica , emocionante , trepidante , mística y entrañable , es un digno homenaje al héroe más grande del mundo y un perfecto ejemplo de que el cine sigue siendo la fábrica de sueños , pues ahora , más que nunca , es posible creer que un hombre puede volar .
A lovingly crafted homage to the greatest superhero of all time , and a tribute to the real life hero who best embodied the character of Superman , Christopher Reeve .
The battle is won : but only just .
Many happy returns , Superman , you 've been away too long . Unfortunately , you deserve a lot better than this .
It 's all about heart -- not that the spectacle falters ; this is the finest popular entertainment since the Rings trilogy closed . Superman does n't fly -- he soars .
Filme auto-indulgente e sem ritmo que transforma o Homem de Aço em um galã sem personalidade .
The effects are terrific - you will , indeed , believe a man can fly , especially during a showstopping set-piece involving an out-of-control aeroplane .
The plane taking off , flying and nearly crashing into the earth almost serves as a metaphor for the entire Superman Returns experience .
El Hombre de Acero vuela nuevamente y , además de Lex Luthor , ahora enfrenta a un nuevo enemigo : el olvido .
Spirited and somewhat bittersweet , Superman Returns remains a fascinating and very entertaining ride most of the way % u2014 though it 's probably at least 20 minutes too long for optimum interest .
... enjoyable enough for the casual fan , and the superinitiated are going to find plenty of details to worry and rub . It 's got humor and a reservoir of respect for the character 's history and place in American culture .
Lois Lane may have won the Pulitzer prize for journalism , but she is one lousy speller ...
Five bravos to Bryan Singer and his team for showing us that Superman 's heart is commensurate with the power in his muscles . I 'm all wrapped up in his cloak .
The Man of Steel returns in body but not quite in spirit .
Film of the year so far .
Routh also conveys the same sense of deep-seated decency without the alienating self-righteousness , which is what makes Superman such an appealing character .
One of the most interesting , if not the most successful , comic book adaptations ever produced .
The film struggles to find its own rhythm most of time , but eventually finds it in the climb to climax and resolution . Some great action . I like the new suit .
There 's no spark . No life . A chuckle here or there but no romantic tension , no wit , no inspiration .
... an enjoyable - if overly long - tribute to the original spirit of the comic books and the series of films that starred the late Christopher Reeve .
It may never generate an epic scale , but that 's only because it stays so relentlessly intimate .
Bryan Singer 's Superman Returns is good ... damn good . It 's just not great . As a matter of fact , it misses greatness by a margin measured in just a few filmic fractions
... while I ca n't call it a home run , I 'll say it 's a solid base hit .
I expected it to be either very good , or very bad . What I got was very OK -- and you should get a little more from something with a price tag in the range of $ 250 million .
by the time those end credits rolled , I had laughed , cried , and cheered far more than I have for any other film in a very long time ... and is n't that feeling of being both emotionally drained and exhilarated what we go to the movies for ?
Superman Returns is one of the best depictions to date .
Logical progression , intelligent reappraisal , and nostalgia trip all in one , Superman Return is better than we dared hope .
Flled with so many grandly iconic images that it 's rather easy to dismiss the film 's not-inconsiderable shortcomings .
This latest movie based on the D.C. comic comes off like a harlequin novel-cum-Christian pageant set in a planetarium .
When you clamor for Supes and -LSB- director Bryan -RSB- Singer to deliver a knockout rush of blockbuster excitement , they instead settle for being merely entertaining .
A return to the screen worthy of the title hero .
Singer 's revival of childhood wonder and timeless heroism -LSB- is -RSB- an extraordinary feat of movie magic .
With so many superheroes flooding the market , the world may not need Superman , but the movies are a better place now that he 's back .
A magnificent , dramatically rewarding homecoming .
His mother tells Superman , `` The Universe is a big place . '' Later , Lois Lane tells him , `` I forgot how warm you are . '' Any movie with lines like these deserves to be avoided , despite the appealing IMAX 3D .
... resonates with energizing purpose and reminds moviegoers why Superman was such an escapist treat when it first hit the big screen almost three decades ago .
A dismal affair with robotic acting and humorless dialogue .
The lasting accomplishment of Superman Returns is that it manages to free itself from the mountain of expectations weighing it down .
-LSB- It -RSB- looks exquisite , is reasonably well acted , and has some entertaining dialogue , but has no story whatsoever .
Superman Returns is slavishly reverential and morose -- The Passion of the Christ from Krypton , with a sad , erratic pulse .
It would be easy to carp about the predictability of this film and its lack of freshness , originality and compelling characters , and point out that Posey would have made a better Lois . But what 's the point ?
Bryan Singer 's Superman Returns is amazing entertainment , a vital , exciting vision of a pop-culture legend that brings respect for the past and re-invention for the future to the screen in equal measure .
Dazzling .
Despite its Messiah complex , Superman Returns successfully revives the series for the big screen .
Well-intentioned , sure , but in the end , clumsy , inept and ineffectual
Routh is n't given much else to do except act as a Flying Plot Device ... Kate Bosworth 's Lois Lane is a study in the art of still life .
Our caped hero does not turn the world backwards to relive time , but much of director Bryan Singer 's film is lifted from the 1978 Richard Donner version .
This is a film that Superman fans of all ages will enjoy .
Sidelines the prospect of solid character exploration in favor of a plot so silly and clumsy that even children would find reason to roll their eyes at it .
I take this whole `` Superman '' thing pretty personally .
It 's great to know that Superman can still fly , but it 's more fun when we know what he 's thinking and feeling as well .
With child 's - eye exuberance , Bryan Singer brings an obvious respect , even reverence for the mythology of America 's most enduring superhero and his cinematic legacy ...
The movie may not be a single-bound building-leaper but Bryan Singer reconfigures the daddy of all comic-book sagas into something knowing , witty , and even sensitive .
The movie is probably about as good a Superman epic as you can get without taking some crazy , universe-shaking chances . This one 's a safe-but-solid start ; maybe the next one will take it to a new level .
Yes , this Superman soars , but he does n't always take us with him .
What could possibly justify making a Superman movie that runs 154 minutes ? Plenty of films last longer , but their characters are generally sharp enough to recognize a guy with or without his glasses .
For young children , and a lot of grown folks , superheroes signify a basic good in their lives -- something `` Returns '' does n't forget and , in fact , honors .
I 'm not a fanboy , but Superman Returns is a great triumph , an ode both to the DC icon and the late Man of Steel who played him before , and it is a terrific adventure all around .
Look ! Up in the sky ! It 's a bird , it 's a plane ... no , it 's the biggest turkey of the year , featuring a would-be Superman so wooden he might as well be acting in a pine box lined in kryptonite .
The Man of Steel returns ... more super than ever and no less entertaining .
Brings back all the nostalgia from the classic series with the modern joy of the digital box of toys .
The writing of SUPERMAN RETURNS is full of holes and the film is poorly edited . Audiences may respond to the film 's look at Superman 's personal life , still superficial , but at greater depth than in the past .
There 's a thin line between preserving an icon and merely delivering on an expensive franchise , but Singer 's genuine connection to the Superman legend overcomes his predilection toward playing it safe .
A good performance by Routh , solid production values and great action ca n't overcome a heavy-handed script , weak characters and poor pacing
Brandon Routh does an excellent job representing the iconic hero Superman .
So 30 of the 150 or so minutes are a bust . There 's still ample reason to see the thing in first run , if only for the chance to be part of an audience that cheers en masse at the exorcism of its darkest , most up-to-date fears .
Superman Returns is never dull ... but it rarely takes flight ; and , when it does , it never soars higher than its 1978 model .
... I would still recommend it pretty hardily , especially to the new generation of kids that have n't seen the original movie ...
this decent story is hampered by possibly the worst rendition of Luthor to ever hit the screen
This is a truly spectacular experience ... Superman Returns joins -LSB- the 1978 Superman -RSB- on the short list of all-time great superhero films .
For me the length was the real killer , if it was cut to 80 or so minutes and made with more of a spontaneous joy I think I could have jumped on board .
By emphasizing Superman 's virtual omnipotence and also his sense of eternal heartbreak and loss , Singer 's epic and lyrical movie has the same poignancy of a classic Greek tragedy .
Bryan Singer delivers the beautiful new Superman Returns , an impeccably made film , but with little inside .
Reverent to the point of stasis .
For fans of Donner 's 1978 model , the pleasures begin immediately .
This is no ordinary Superman .
Outside of Routh 's surprisingly capable performance , the rest of the movie is ho-hum .
If Singer respects Superman he is downright reverent toward ` Superman , ' and this continuity with Donner 's film is what 's right and wrong with ` Returns ' ...
a lot to admire , but not much to get excited about .
All of these elements -- the casting , cinematography , design and score -- ultimately serve Singer 's greatest achievement , which is the storytelling .
Superman , born in 1938 , is still very much alive in 2006 . The Man of Steel has so skillfully bent the bars of our imagination that he seems real to us . And in a sense , he is .
The much ballyhooed movie , far from great and far from short -LRB- 2 1/2 hours ! -RRB- , is still great fun .
World-saving , all-powerful , hero-to-everyone stuff must be lonely work , and Singer 's Superman bears the responsibility with the slightly clenched dutifulness of someone who 's immortal enough to accept his destiny but human enough to suffer the weight .
Nothing like an old friend to save a lackluster summer movie season , especially if that friend is the dependable Man of Steel .
Long thought to be impervious to everything except Kryptonite , the Man of Steel ultimately falls victim to another , even more insidious force : a frustrating , hit-and-miss screenplay .
A dull , muddled and uninspiring film that combines pedestrian acting , lackluster special effects and deadly pace with a pseudo-religious theme that makes The Da Vinci Code seem like it was written by the College of Cardinals .
Strictly for fans on school vacation .
It 's clear that Superman Returns wants to lay claim to being a true successor to the first film , not a sequel so much as a full-blooded offspring . But these bold hopes are tempered by a risk-free strategy .
As the title character , relative newcomer Routh impresses -- he 's clearly trying to channel Reeve . And Spacey is obviously having fun playing a villain and is considerably more menacing than Gene Hackman was in the same role .
Like many superhero movies , Superman Returns relies on special effects to create the swooshing sense of exuberance that should also be a part of the storytelling .
Singer 's first flight into Superman territory generates enough thrills to ensure a return engagement . And next time , the director may feel less compelled to reassert his famous superhero 's importance .
The main point of Superman Returns is that Singer spends 2 1/2 hours avoiding a franchise-size fumble .
... Singer and company are so concerned about doing justice to Superman 's past , they fail to generate much interest in what , if any , future the franchise might have .
-LSB- Director Singer -RSB- reinvigorates an original American archetype . ` Superman Returns ' gets it exactly right .
Look up the sky ... it 's a bird ... it 's a plane ... no it 's Brandon Routh manly manning up the horizon in form-fitting tights ...
Yes , he still means to save this world , but the triumph is less complete now , the costs more visible .
Overlong and occasionally unfocused , it may have flaws , but like its formerly unknown star , it weathers its early uncertain steps by providing memorable moments of its own .
Watching two hours of a listless , lost , Superman is n't exactly fun . Compared to Reeves , Reeve , Newton , Cain , and Welling , Routh is a total lightweight . Not only that , but this movie feels old , dated , and like it 's 25 years too late .
Seeing that big red `` S '' on the big screen again is an exciting experience . Welcome , home , Supe . We missed you .
Although Singer 's take on Superman is slightly reminiscent of Peter Jackson 's remake of King Kong - epic , breathtaking and a bit over-indulgent - Returns is a welcome addition to the cinematic superhero library .
The bittersweet love story is interesting , -LSB- and -RSB- the digital action looks as costly as it obviously was ... but despite the considerable amount of time that Superman spends flying around the sky , his return never really takes off .
Superman as a lonely savior who in a moment of desperate need must rely on the help of some friends .
It 's a bird . It 's a plane . It 's a downer .
Superman Returns flawlessly repackages charismatic characters , further dips into the Man of Steel 's mythology and adds effects that were n't available 20 years ago without doing a George Lucas-esque animation overkill .
IMAX 3D review : The 3D scenes were disappointing at times , but at other times one could garner an idea of what the technology can offer .
... the most effective and flat-out entertaining installment in this ongoing series .
Try to ignore the parallels Singer draws between Christ and Superman ... go ahead , I dare ya .
Brandon Routh has no problem filling out the Superman suit -LRB- quite nicely -RRB- , but he ca n't quite fill the shoes .
He remembered the cape , the spandex , the shiny boots and the big red S on his chest , but wait ... . Where 's the personality ?
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a summer popcorn movie , no question , but it looks great , has laughs and thrills , and even a few moments of genuine drama .
It 's a thinky blockbuster , yes , though there is plenty of deft humor and breathtaking visuals and nods to the earlier films , too . And when the story calls for action , Singer delivers it .
A case of `` good , sometimes very good , but definitely not great , '' which is kind of a small-yet-nagging disappointment , considering the talent and passion that went into the thing .
It 's got all the heart and soul that 's been missing from every other superhero movie that is n't about the X-Men .
Director Bryan Singer nimbly navigates the tricky balance between the old-school purists and 21st century sensibility , with existential questions : does the world need Superman ? Does he need us ?
There is something to be said for having the Man of Steel back on the silver screen for a tune-up , but that 's really all it is -- same old story , all new presentation .
The event of the summer ? Maybe . After a hideous May and June , unadulterated competence feels like an event .
Gaining momentum seems easy for Superman Returns . Sustaining it is another story .
Shame on Honeycutt , Gleiberman , McCarthy , and Corliss for giving away the big twist , but even their idiotic and unprofessional decisions ca n't stop you from loving the movie . Put on your red cape and tight red underpants and get in line RIGHT NOW !!!
While his movie can be cumbersome , it 's consistently alive , and that is saying a lot when many such productions are dead in the water , on land or in the air . Also , how can you resist the charm of a fantasy in which everyone gets his news from newspapers ?
It 's stately , elegant , too long , a little dull and fanatical in its fidelity to the earlier films , resurrecting everything from John Williams ' theme and the goofy ` futuristic ' credits treatment to the late Marlon Brando .
Is anyone else out there drumming their fingers waiting for the superhero craze to be over ?
When the film lets Superman do his thing , it really flies , with thrilling action sequences and a fanboy 's sense of what the Man Of Steel can really do .
Superman Returns careens along at wild speeds while still stopping for thoughtful moments .
`` Superman Returns '' is a sumptuous cinematic experience where its necessary spectacle never takes a front seat to the drama 's emotional core ...
The film 's conservatism is one of its strengths . We do n't have to get used to anything really radical , so the new stuff fits fine .
Brandon Routh strikes memorable iconic poses , but his Man of Steel lacks personality . ... Similarly , Kate Bosworth 's Lois Lane is D.O.A.
... both the film and its star maintain continuity with the earlier films while having their own unique qualities . Superman Returns has an emotional depth that the earlier films did not .
... this new Superman is going to be huge and will spawn its own set of sequels .
In one of the most exasperating recent examples of directorial overindulgence , what had been a fun film starts wearing out its welcome , leaving audiences with twenty minutes to slog through after the movie feels like it already ended .
It delivers all the thrills , suspense and amazement fans could demand of a comic book story , leaping from scene to scene with superheroic agility .
Superman Returns was a tall order , and for fans it 's a heaping plate of old-fashioned comfort food .
When it was all over , something was missing . Oh , yeah . The fun .
What is finally most surprising about Superman Returns is how unexpectedly moving it is -- for its nostalgia ; for its yearning for hearth and home ; and for its overarching belief in the fundamental goodness of people .
It is easily the best superhero film since Spider-Man 2 and strongly resembles the 1978 film Superman .
... a rare sequel that deserves many happy returns all its own .
... Superman Returns brings a richer , grander perspective to a seminal character without changing his essence .
... a surprisingly tender and gentle film - one that feels like it came from somewhere very personal and deeply felt . It 's good to have him back .
A beautifully-shot , impressively scored , and competently-acted romance about a dorky alien who saves the world as an afterthought .
Superman Returns should swoop away with a big chunk of the summer box office , and deservedly so .
It fulfills the minimum requirements for summer blockbusters without going the extra mile as last year 's Batman Begins did .
Singer maintains a tone that 's serious but inflected with enough comic touches so that the picture never grows too dark .
This Superman is good . Very good .
It will get to you , if you can be gotten to .
The movie has an undercurrent of personal drama that leaves you with a lump in your throat and an urgent need to see Superman return again .
A beautifully crafted , emotionally resonant and heavily nostalgic Man of Steel guaranteed to appeal to several generations of Superman fans .
Singer gets the details right but the big picture is uneven .
I 'm battening down the hatches as I write this -LRB- sticks and stones may break my bones , but fanboy e-mails will never hurt me -RRB- , because the truth is Superman has always struck me as a generic character .
Superman Returns is a comic book movie for people who like virtuous superheroes , soap-opera storylines and blatant messianic allegories .
There 's a lot riding on this Superman 's broad blue shoulders . Not only does newcomer Brandon Routh have to deal with a comparison to the late Christopher Reeve -LRB- the definitive screen Superman -RRB- but `` Superman Returns '' has to blow the stink off two very weak
The world needs him , all right , and it should welcome his Return .
Singer has succeeded beyond anyone 's expectations -- and establishes himself as someone to whom any film aiming for taste and intelligence could be trusted .
Superman Returns is arguably the most expensive film ever made , and yet you leave the theater thinking , wow , those Spider-Man movies are really good .
The film has such an expansive , likeable spirit that you feel petty quibbling about details .
This is a glum , lackluster movie in which even the big effects sequences seem dutiful instead of exhilarating .
A generally thrilling entertainment that 's not quite the grand slam you want it to be .
Superman stands for truth , justice and ... not the other thing .
elaborate adventure , rich in suspenseful action sequences ... does not revitalize the Superman saga in the same way ` Batman Begins ' overhauled the Batman legend , but it 's an entertaining update .
Nothing can stop Superman : not bullets , not plot holes , and certainly not mere mortals like the occasional movie critic . A gravity-defying success !
The Man Of Metropolis Steals Our Hearts !
Like the strands of Kryptonite that Lex Luthor uses to challenge Superman , this film grows weaker the closer it is drawn to its 1978 predecessor .
The director and his writers do a slam-bang job of bringing the superhero into the 21st Century , allowing the audience to see this last son of Krypton as they 've never done before .
I treasured the experience of watching Superman Returns , both as a rabid fan of Richard Donner 's initial gamble and as a filmgoer starving to witness filmmakers with an actual grasp on the idea of an epic cinematic vision .
Not since Gus Van Sant 's shot-for-shot Psycho remake has a commercial filmmaker strived so laboriously to step in another filmmaker 's footprints .
Measured against the relatively high bars of other recent superhero fare , it feels uncomfortably familiar . For those looking for a slice of high-flying entertainment , however , it certainly suffices .
Winds up failing on such a colossal level that the dispensing of parts three and four takes on an ignorance that rivals the reign of the Salkinds .
A majestic and exhilarating blockbuster that captures for the first time in the series the sheer awe-inspiring feeling of what it might be like to fly .
It 's terrific , appealing to the child in all of us . Superman soars !
Honors and builds upon the strengths of its predecessors while gracefully minimizing their weaknesses .
Alas , a pumped-up forgery .
It did n't blow me away , but Bryan Singer and his cast have delivered a beautiful film with solid performances and first rate effects .
Brandon Routh , in a charisma-free performance , makes a superhero super boring and , with his airbrushed appearance , makes Superman look like a department store mannequin .
One of the few satisfying event films so far this summer .
A reminder , something to make the memories of the Donner version of Superman fresh again , affirming the role of Superman as our ultimate superhero savior .
It 's good to have him back , even if he is a bit more fragile .
An action sequence is n't just about spectacular visions but about making audiences care about those visuals , about what they mean for the characters . There , Superman Returns comes up short .
The film is magnificently mounted , it moves like a speeding bullet and it 's so respectful of Superman traditions that even the pickiest of die-hard fans should love it .
Welcome back , Man of Steel , you 've been gone far too long .
Maybe The Incredibles has spoiled me for superhero movies . The new Superman has its visionary charms , but there 's only so far you can go without great characters .
The saddest , most desperately lonesome and melancholy mainstream film in recent memory .
Superman Returns ' real hero is director Singer . He gives us a movie that is mellow when it should be and rousing when it should be . That ca n't have been an easy juggling act .
Though his movie is a blink-of-an-eye too long , Singer and company have given us a reason to be excited about Superman all over again .
Where once the Man of Steel flew up , up and away , in a leaden new film he flies down , down , down , sent from above to save mankind from its sins .
-LSB- Singer -RSB- has brought the venerable superhero soaring back to life by delivering a satisfying blend of action , story and character development . If the movie is half an hour longer than it needs to be , there also are moments when you wish it would never end
Using an old hero and basically old ideas , Superman Returns rises above the franchise fatigue of been there , done that .
It 's not that Superman Returns does n't have any ideas , it 's got too many ; this is a film that tries too hard and wants too much .
This Superman is like nothing you 've ever seen before , but it tickles something primitive and comforting at the back of the mind . Gorgeously detailed and meticulously realized , it 's a homecoming of a movie .
Its deliberate lack of originality is demoralizing .
At every turn in Superman Returns is a sense of respect for all that 's preceded it .
Superman Returns is pop mythology reinvigorated with intense grandeur , infectious energy and fierce conviction by director Bryan Singer .
Does the world really need Superman ? Maybe not everyone . But people who love movies do .
-LSB- In -RSB- isolated moments Singer honors the myth and finds a fresh way to dramatize it . The director is scheduled to do a sequel , to be released in 2009 . Maybe in that one we 'll get more magic along with the reverence .
High-flying , super-fun entertainment that 's perfect for summer .
The final scenes would make Wagner check his watch . It 's not that the movie is 157 minutes ; it 's that it feels like 157 minutes .
Superman Returns is near the top -- if not at the top -- of the superhero movie pile . It offers nearly everything : romance , action , humor , and plenty of goose bumps . For Superman , many happy returns .
Picture my disappointment as I realized that , for all the pizzazz of Superman Returns , its global weapon of choice would not be terrorism , or nuclear piracy , or dirty bombs . It would be real estate .
Love triangles , maternal and paternal instincts and overcoming vulnerability are given graphic-novel seriousness . But the film never detours into something so solemn so as not to be a good time . A bit shy of great , but another fine modern superhero movie .
Superman Returns is a thundering epic of Spielbergian proportions : colossal action , grandiose effects and a breathtaking story .
Move over , Spider-Man -- the Man of Steel is back , and he 's flying higher than ever ... a lushly lyrical , stately epic with a surprisingly strong emotional core .
Emulating -LSB- Richard -RSB- Donner may not be the most innovative path , but it 's certainly the smartest ... and the Man of Steel is all the better for it .
The cinematic rebirth of Superman could not have been put in abler hands . Director Bryan Singer has taken us soaring back into the sky .
In a moment of near-romance , Lois hugs Clark : ` I forgot how warm you are , ' she says . ` And I forgot I do n't have a bulge , ' he replied . ` That makes one of us , ' said Lois .
Drab looking , underwhelming and inferior to all four of the Superman films that starred Christopher Reeve ... But at least it 's better than Supergirl .
Superman Returns is a pleasant enough piece of hackwork , anonymous in all the right ways so that it neither offends nor thrills .
It is a superior popcorn movie that deftly juggles action and emotion .
It 's straight-faced , square-jawed stuff , but that 's apt enough for the boldest , simplest superhero concept of all .
Bryan blends his beautiful vision with an elegant , intimate story and the result is a work of real art .
never forgets its sense of fun , and more importantly , its exhilarating sense of wonder
The story is heavy on the bittersweet , but do n't let the doldrums scare you away : Superman Returns is ultimately an uplifting , action-packed big screen adventure .
Routh is delightful ... he looks and sounds so much like poor departed Christopher Reeve that it 's a bit eerie . But he 's his own charming self , too , with a sense of vulnerability that is at once sweeter and edgier than Reeve 's was .
There 's nothing duller than a hero without flaws .
Like his superhero , director Bryan Singer carries an Atlas-like burden -LSB- but -RSB- ... with thorough , fan-friendly fetishism , Singer honors the Superman mythos .
That 'S ' on his suit has a whole new meaning : He 's a Soul man .
Retaining the spirit of the comic strip , Superman Returns delivers a larger-than-life hero a sardonic villain , splashy special effects and an emotional heart that reinforces the Man of Steel 's vulnerability .
Singer 's work is generally strong , but Superman Returns is only two-thirds of a good , never great , film .
I wish that Superman Returns were more original , and -LRB- in its first 45 minutes -RRB- better paced , but Singer , after two X-Men films , is now a commanding orchestrator of pop spectacle .
It 's terribly cast , poorly conceived , extremely light on action , features a romance that is not remotely romantic , does n't feature a single memorable , `` gosh , that was great '' repeat-to-your-friends moment in a positive way ...
This is everything it should be . And if it does n't work for you , I ca n't imagine what would .
Next to Singer 's champagne , most recent superhero adventure movies are barely sparkling cider .
The best Hollywood movies always knew how to sneak a beguiling subtext into a crowd-pleasing story . Superman Returns is in that grand tradition . That 's why it 's beyond Super . It 's superb .
A heartfelt Superman movie that plays to a broad audience thanks to an emotionally troubled Man of Steel .
Sure to rate with aficionados alongside Spider-Man 2 and , for many , Batman Begins on the short list of best superhero spectaculars .
Bravura technology and dazzling effects ca n't overcome the film 's shortcomings : Standard plot , poorly conceived villain flatly played by Kevin Spacey , and similarly wooden performance from newcomer Brandon Routh -LRB- who lacks humor -RRB- in all of his roles .
Holy Caesar 's Ghost ! They 've done it ! - `` Superman Returns '' is super-exciting , super-fun , and super-bly performed ! This is the only Superhero film you need to see this year !


@highlight

Bryan Singer 's reverent and visually decadent adaptation gives the Man of Steel welcome emotional complexity . The result : a satisfying stick-to-your-ribs adaptation .