The film is enigmatic and ethereal , but above all the brightest are Annette Bening and Jamie Bell as the actors Gloria Gahame and Peter Turner . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool may not be profound , but it entertains , projecting an elegant drama that mimes the stories of love from the golden age of cinema . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A biopic whose greatest merit is , perhaps , to let young moviegoers know who Gloria Grahame was . -LRB- Complete review in Spanish in the Mexican newspaper Reforma -RRB- .
As Grahame , Bening is boldly unglamorous , unravelling from insecurity and illness .
Annette Bening 's talent is overwhelming ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Perhaps that sweet look at a happy past explains the film 's lack of depth ... but it is insufficient to do justice to Grahame . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Annette Bening is clearly having fun in the ageing-actress role that has a touch of Sunset Boulevard 's Gloria Swanson about it .
Has all the raw and refined talent in the world , magical sets , transcontinental charm , a diamond in the rough when it comes to source material , and a love story to boot , and yet , it falls short .
The passage from contention to excess turns a worthy film into a film worthy of the Hallmark Channel . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Annette -RSB- Bening clearly identifies with Grahme , her nostalgia and pain , and also her will to live . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
McGuigan 's artistic flourishes and Greenhalgh 's observant script carry the audience through this story in ways that will spark memories even if the film does n't have much subtext or weight .
The delicacy to the subject matter is fortunate as it could have easily been a by the numbers film about illness , love and separation . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool is not your typical romance , and we love it for that .
As in -LSB- Gloria -RSB- Grahame 's life , Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool 's best moments happen in the past , when the love affair between the woman in her fifties and twenty-year-old Turner flourishes ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film shot with elegance and good taste that ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Paul -RSB- McGuigan allows his characters their dignity , and his actors the opportunity to suggest rich inner lives for their creations .
It 's very much Annette Bening and Jamie Bell 's film when all is said and done , and they are stunning in it .
You ca n't help but feel that the movies have shortchanged Grahame once again .
It 's a fairly straightforward film that 's quite innocent and charming . While it wo n't tell you everything you need to know about her , it gives you just enough clues to make you want to go find out more about just who Gloria Grahame was .
A multi-layered portrayal of a multi-layered figure ... benefits enormously from Bening 's stellar performance .
Fine performances from chemistry rich leads Annette Bening and Jamie Bell provide the right amount of heart and sorrow .
I knew nothing of these individuals beforehand and so it serves as an eye-opener and a fitting tribute .
... for all its unlikely and fantastical nature , Film Stars is a lovely love story .
Quite the odd couple , they nevertheless seem perfectly suited , and Bening and Bell play them with plenty of heart , horny humour and a powerfully realistic , anti-Hollywood pain .
Ultimately , Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool is an extremely rewarding romantic drama and should appeal even to those unfamiliar with Gloria Grahame
As Grahame , Annette Bening captures both the actress 's vulnerability and her flintiness , holding her own against a case of talented British actors
McGuigan 's role is essentially to serve the script and the performers , and we can be grateful the project was n't handed to a director more bent on imposing an authorial stamp .
A kind of a cross between My Weekend with Marilyn , An Education and the 1980s TV series Bread , Film Stars is a sumptuous slice of movie making that deserves to find a wide audience .
As a tribute , the film is very tender . As a biography , it might have benefited from a more objective point of view .
Still , there are moments of emotional truth , especially a key scene when Peter finds a way , however briefly , for Gloria to realize her dream of playing Juliet onstage . And if this movie revives interest in Gloria Grahame 's vintage movies , I 'm all for it .
-LRB- Annette -RRB- Bening embraces the quiet desperation of a star whose time has cruelly passed her by , abandoning her to the junk heap of has-beens .
Annette Bening and 28-years-younger Jamie Bell both turn in excellent performances .
It 's really Bening and Bell who sell this ; Bening is especially good , calibrating Grahame 's magnetic presence with her crippling vulnerability .
A love story that 's told with respect and restraint .
The bravura performance of Annette Bening , as late , great femme fatale Gloria Grahame , is the main reason to see it .
Though entirely sympathetic toward Grahame , it fails to animate whatever was unique about her .
Bening finds the shattered beauty in Grahame , the tragedy of an ex-star hanging on for dear life to her waning looks and fame that has long since passed her by .
Bening is good as Grahame , but it has practically become an annual ritual for her to excel in something forgettable .
An Oscar nomination would have been nice . Just see the movie . It will be more than enough to tell you all you need to know about Annette Bening .
The two -LSB- actors -RSB- have enough chemistry to get you past any queasiness about the age difference .
Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool plays the will-she/won ` t-she tell him and spoil a lovely romance too long . Yet the revelation is staged wonderfully by McGuigan as part of a breaking point quarrel .
It 's Annette Bening who powers the film , holds our interest and makes us care about a woman heretofore mostly unknown to us .
Above all , the chemistry between the marvelous Annette Bening as Grahame and the likable Jamie Bell as Turner makes the intimacy believable and touching .
Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool is a generic , sentimental attempt to pay tribute to one of the more intriguing femmes fatales to ever grace the silver screen .
Bening is outstanding as a woman who fears that her fame and beauty are slipping away , and Bell -LRB- `` Billy Elliot '' -RRB- brings to his character a heartbreaking vulnerability .
Bening and Bell unveil a spectrum of talent that stamps their performances throughout with the seal of equal engagement , not only as characters , but as the co-stars .
The result is a well acted film that conjures up a Golden Age of Hollywood vibe , enlivened by references to a halcyon era gone by .
We are n't accustomed to seeing older women partnered with younger men , which is , at least for its novelty , a more interesting and uncharted dynamic , and one elegantly captured in Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool .
Turner can keep his story to himself . Bening and Bell deserve better . Heck , even Grahame deserves better .
Bening can elevate even the dullest flicks to a higher level . You might even say , to paraphrase another noted Liverpudlian , she takes a bad movie and makes it better .
The biggest problem is a lack of any overarching reason why this was the story to tell about Grahame
What saves Film Stars from the emotional murk is the passing sense of time . McGuigan captures the layers of sediment as they fall to the bottom ... The result is something like a sand jar : a million moments miraculously sifted into an unnatural pattern .
Annette Bening is one of those rare actresses who makes a movie , however otherwise deficient , worth seeing .
... the lovingly crafted movie is quietly emotional , darkly funny , and deeply marinated in Old Hollywood nostalgia ...
This somber cousin of My Week With Marilyn could really do with more ruminations on acting , on and off stage , and fewer on the ravages of terminal illness .
These are full-bodied performances , with Peter 's ardency and Gloria 's kittenishness signaled in a hungry look , a wag of the eyebrows . Fittingly , the film 's best scene needs no words
Worth seeing for Bening 's brave and touching performance as an actress past her prime .
If the movie meanders , it 's refreshing to see a May-September romance in which May is played by the man for once and where the sex is happy , frank , and frequent .
Sluggish and strangely unaffecting ... an essentially mediocre tearjerker that is nonetheless notable for showcasing yet another striking turn by a superb actress .
The mournful , sentimental Film Stars misfires , perhaps because -- in focusing on Turner 's book -- it slices too much meat off the bone of Grahame 's tumultuous life .
... a passable yet predominantly forgettable piece of work .
Here -LSB- Bening -RSB- nails the part of a flighty , impetuous , tempestuous , needy showbiz type .
The screen romance of Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool may seem as odd as the real-life pairing was , but it 's a credit to all concerned that the validity of it is never in doubt .
Annette Bening is reliably great opposite Jamie Bell who gives knocked knees genuine poise and gravitas thanks to the source material .
If viewers buy into the lovers ' May-December relationship , `` Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool '' is an affecting romantic drama . Cynics , however , should steer clear .
Bening avoids doing an impersonation , but she 's obviously studied the actress , and is able to suggest aspects of Grahame that made her so watchable on screen .
... the wonderfully artificial-looking sets have a charm of their own .
Regardless how shaky the movie around her is , Bening is always worth watching .
It 's the lack of one other ingredient -- saccharine -- that makes the emotional life of a film about a faded movie star feel true and real .
`` Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool '' contains performances bigger than the film itself , but the movie is also a solid take on the waning years of an aging Hollywood film siren .
Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool shows Gloria Grahame 's softer side -- so it 's the absolute opposite of the noir films that made her famous . Bening convinces us that Grahame was , for all her eccentric genius and pride , quite soft-boiled .
The movie never delves that deeply into who Gloria Grahame was , aside from a femme fatale slinking across a black-and-white screen .
Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool contains upper-echelon work from everyone involved and is a powerful portrait of Hollywood love that never gets unbearably mushy .
Director McGuigan and screenwriter Matt Greenhalgh paint Film Stars Do n't Die ... in unapologetically sentimental tones .
Together these characters generate so much chemistry that - for awhile at least - we can ignore the movie 's shortcomings .
-LSB- Annette -RSB- Bening 's is a real character study and conveys the bundles of emotions and memories of an actress at the end of her career .
As in her `` 20th Century Women , '' Benning once again seduces a younger man with her dance moves , she and Bell grooving to each other and a disco beat . But director Paul McGuigan ca n't find the hook to elevate this story ...
There is no escaping the essential flaccidity of the story .
Annette Bening is so good in `` Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool '' that it makes up for a story that 's slighter than it should be .
... a tearjerker which wo n't necessarily jerk your tears .
Bening and Bell sell the material , creating an unlikely partnership that earns your compassion .
Annette Bening lights up the screen in this stunning portrait of a fading star .
Glum and self-serving , with only Bening 's spot-on performance to recommend it .
The central pairing lends it a touching intensity ...
The movie is n't too concerned with age differences or hitting biographical highlights . Rather , it tries to get at the heart of how these two connected .
What an astounding actress Annette Bening is . And she 's at her very best playing Gloria Grahame , a screen siren of the 1940s and 1950s , who faced a health crisis in her final days with the help of a new love -LRB- a terrific Jamie Bell -RRB- .
Director Paul McGuigan pulls off some marvelously theatrical effects that collapse time into emotional memory .
Even if it lacks deeper context and emotional resonance , the film winds up as a poignant and sensitively rendered love story with some powerfully intimate moments along the way .
Provides scant evidence about why we should care about Grahame to begin with and how her fate was perhaps emblematic of movie sirens both past and present .
Film Stars is no portrait of Grahame ; it 's a pair of points that barely form a line . No shot in the film dares attempt to communicate more than one idea or emotion at a time .
These characters exist in a bubble of happy-go-lucky romance and inevitable tragedy .
The fleshing out of the story feels thin , and sometimes nakedly contrived ... Yet the film has moments of surprising grace and tenderness .
Bening 's expert runs up and down the emotional register leave no room for doubt about Grahame 's charisma even when she 's playing her own worst enemy .
Film Stars is a basic biopic that , in spite of its fantastic leads , does n't leave an impression .
The reason to pay attention to `` Film Stars Do n't Die In Liverpool '' is the reason it got made in the first place : the opportunity it provides to see star Annette Bening in action .
Bening forgoes vanity and digs into the humiliation Grahame felt as she aged out of the vampy roles Hollywood typecast her in . Bell brings a sturdy humanity to Peter ...
McGuigan - whose previous films include `` Victor Frankenstein '' and `` Lucky Number Slevin '' - seems like a bit of a hack , particularly when it comes to his on-the-nose music choices .
What the Grahame of Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool is missing in detail , Bening makes up for in affection . Her performance is a kind of rebuke to the arc and tragic Norma Desmond view of aging movie actresses .
Landing lightly on the loneliness of fame and the ravages of aging , `` Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool '' is a fond farewell to a distinctive talent .
Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool is a rich romance that mixes Old Hollywood with new .
The frequent chronological jumps ... give a sense that the director is assembling a puzzle in which half the pieces are missing .
Brief nudity , language in drama based on real-life romance .
A padded wisp of a drama , the first half 's evocative mystery gradually giving way to the second half 's surface-level reenactments .
Bening - who , let 's be real , is about 15 years and eight performances overdue for her own Oscar already - holds the movie in her hands .
In everything from the score to the costumes and hairstyling , McGuigan seems to think that there 's no such thing as too much , a lavishness that just is n't supported by the film 's obviously modest budget .
The title is better than the film .
The film shows no interest in the inner workings of a relationship that 's defined by unusual circumstances .
Annette Bening delivers a powerhouse performance , as does Jamie Bell . It 's subtly poignant , another Tinseltown tragedy .
Between the artful direction and incisive script , there 's plenty of wit and romance and never a whiff of sentimentality . And while it never feels particularly deep , the movie is packed with points of resonance that linger in the mind afterwards .
While the script by Matt Greenhalgh does n't soar , the performances do .
Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool is an insightful and touching love story .
... has a lot of charm ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The acting is wonderful , with Annette Bening outstanding as the vain , deluded and not always likeable actress , and Bell at last finding a period and part that really suit him as an adult actor .
It 's essentially a weepie , and as such it 's a winner : nicely acted , fairly restrained in its emotionalism and bringing us a curious true story .
The performances , and chemistry , are great and there is much to enjoy in a My Week With Marilyn kind of way .
The actors ... bring a so-so script to life .
Had the film simply been The Annette Bening Show , we 'd certainly have coped . But she 's matched every step of the way by Bell , in a flat-out career-best performance achieved so naturally it 's a marvel .
An overwrought score pushes the film into the territory of melodrama , but mostly it works , with tender performances from the two leads .
Brittle and insecure , yet also steely and magnetic , Bening 's performance is full of nuance .
Directed with imagination and sensitivity by Paul McGuigan , Film Stars Do n't Die In Liverpool is a real heartbreaker filled with laughter , tears and all the authentic rollercoaster emotions of a great and tragic love story .
This film has taken decades from conception to screen , but to Bening , it must feel as if it was meant to be .
We knew Bening could do sexy , but this is newer terrain for Bell , who has played a few too many boys and bit parts in recent years .
This is essentially held together by the two lead performances . On paper , Bell has the lesser role , but this is his best performance to date ... As for Bening , if she does n't get Oscar-nominated this year , I will eat my hat , and also yours .
A film that really earns it 's epic title and the lush Elvis Costello ballad over the final credits .
Director Paul McGuigan ... gets great performances from his leads , making a virtue of their chemistry together , particularly in the early joyous stages of their relationship when Peter , charmingly , has no idea who Grahame is .
Bening 's performance is subtle and courageous .
McGuigan goes for easy wins throughout , doggedly incurious about his own characters , underlining the literal-minded script , repeating entire scenes in case anyone missed the point .
As screen chemistry goes , they 've cooked up the strongest of stuff .
Annette Bening is terrific as the effervescent Grahame but it 's -LSB- Jamie -RSB- Bell who works real magic on a role that would otherwise be an adoring -LRB- frequently shirtless -RRB- puppy dog .
A real-life May-December romance , movingly told and acted . Bening and Bell give performances to cherish .
It 's a classy weepy with some killer dialogue , but Bening is the big sell here . Given one of the juiciest roles of her career , she makes every moment count .
A tremendously sensitive and complex portrayal of a forgotten star which forgoes caricature in favour of a deeply personal story .
A touching , tender love story and a respectful , fully cinematic biography of an underappreciated talent , whose scandalous tastes eclipsed her star power .
What makes Grahame 's story eminently watchable , and even fascinating in spurts , is the magnetic performance by Annette Bening , who always seems to shine right around awards season .
Bening does n't dodge the lens which highlights her own ageing face and gives a superbly brave performance .
McGuigan manages to tell a truly touching story without resorting to any superfluous narrative devices . His generosity toward his actors is second to none , giving them just enough melodrama to work with without ever overdoing it .
Even if you know how it was fated to end , it 's a captivating journey , from the fun of their first days to the touching postscript .
` Film Stars ' could 've been a dull bio-drama , and for fleeting moments , it is -LRB- in particular , their cycle of fights and reconciliations gets dreary fast -RRB- . But Bening 's charisma and verve gives the picture a much-needed goose .
Paul McGuigan 's few keyed-up aesthetic flourishes actually prove more than apt to the story of a woman whose life frequently resembled the heated movie melodramas that made her name .
A candorous film , but the ending provides a couple of sequences directed with such subtlety that it ends up seducing the viewer . Please , someone give Bening an Oscar ! -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Annette Bening makes this story of Gloria Grahame 's last days a must-see .
First rate performances from the two leads , and a fine supporting cast , confirms this as an awards season contender .
`` Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool '' is a tawdrier , more tragic , but similarly superficial `` My Week with Marilyn , '' devoted to the dying days of an actress who always lived in Monroe 's voluptuous shadow .
Over-production-designed as the film is , Bening and Bell manage to hold their own within it .
Improbably , while Annette Bening is incredible playing a fading Hollywood starlet in Paul McGuigan 's `` Film Stars Do n't Die In Liverpool , '' it 's her co-star , Jamie Bell , who might be the film 's real secret weapon .
It 's a beguiling story and Bell and Bening are tremendous as the star-crossed lovers .
Despite a few quibbles that viewers may have , there is no denying the emotional force that this film develops , and for that , we can credit talented filmmakers and two stars working at the height of their powers .

@highlight

Film Stars Do n't Die in Liverpool showcases brilliant work from Annette Bening , whose performance is more than enough to outweigh this biopic 's basic narrative .