Designed to make us feel like we 've just witnessed a powerful experience . The reality of the film is that it 's nothing but a shallow and underdeveloped position paper .
The sort of schematic slog that stirs more discussion about the cluelessness of the filmmakers than anything else
Rendition features decent performances by all its actors , although few are given any chance to shine .
Rather then telling a story with characters growing and exploring the politics of the world around them , they simply take up the roles of well-dictated automatons .
The film unfolds brilliantly and methodically , as director Gavid Hood 's vivid characters are unwittingly drawn together .
But Rendition , in the end , is a Lifetime movie with pretensions toward being a political thriller . -LRB- They could even call it YOU HAVE MY HUSBAND ! since Witherspoon shrieks that at Streep in a ludicrous scene . -RRB-
The film exists in a gray zone that acknowledges the existence and relevance of both sides .
Jake Gyllenhaal gets better with each role and here he is impressive as the novice CIA analyst forced to confront his own conscience
-LSB- A -RSB- spotty , but ultimately effective thriller .
Un thriller político bastante crítico hacia los métodos anti terroristas de Estados Unidos y sus aliados , en la misma línea de Syriana , Munich y Leones por Corderos -LRB- aunque mucho más efectiva que esta última -RRB- .
Apresenta-se simultaneamente como um bom filme e , lamentavelmente , também como uma oportunidade desperdiçada .
Rendition 's heart is in the right place , but feels like a desperate single attempt to get it all out at once out of fear of losing another chance . I am glad I saw it , but I do n't ever need to see it again .
The film does n't know or care who Anwar El-Ibrahimi is outside of how his plight affects the white folks connected with him .
Rendition gives its take on this practice with enough complexity to keep us engaged - and on the fence about how far our nation should go ...
`` Rendition '' is well-acted and well-written with a surprising twist that I did n't see coming . It 's difficult to single out one performance - making it high on my list for an ensemble award . Powerful renditions by all involved .
While Reese wo n't take no for an answer from the suits in DC and fights for her man , Meryl Streep 's ambitious and wicked CIA boss fights for her career , but this time around the devil wears pistols .
Hood 's greatest concern is the line between moral courage and cowardice .
And what the heck does this title mean , anyway ? Competing with `` Things We Lost in the Fire '' for its fuzzy appellation , `` Rendition '' refers to the U.S. policy of `` extraordinary rendition '' that allows the government to arrest and keep imprisoned anyone suspe
The thought that my life might be turned upside down merely by someone calling me is very frightening indeed .
Rendition is an important film . Art , by definition , is supposed to provoke , to spur emotions , to enlighten . On those counts , this movie scores a bull 's - eye .
The stories are unflatteringly forced together , neither of them highlighting the thematic relevance of the other .
Rendition proves its own case by not finding an audience for its message -- and that is perhaps more disturbing than its scenes of torture .
The film 's message is still relevant , but it 's already universally recognized how far the executive branch will go to get its latest war on .
... housing top-notch actors and their hefty paychecks but nothing else beyond the obviousness of the melodramatic malarkey it spouts with empty conviction .
I do n't fault Rendition for its liberal politics . I fault it for hammering home those politics in such pounding , slanted fashion .
Thanks to the current administration , Hollywood now has mroe villains than in the Cold War era .
Probes deep into a serious problem , and will entertain those who enjoy current events sprinkled over their cinema .
It 's easy to get outraged over an innocent man being tortured , but should n't we be outraged by the very idea of torture ?
Deserves to be commended for just being made .
The movie 's insistent message about the morality and effectiveness of torture packs an unexpected and politically timely punch .
I have no qualms with any of the performances , or with the film 's individual components . It 's the overall effect that 's lackluster . This is a film that 's good and decent , but not as deep it wants to be .
Although South African director Gavin Hood gave us the searing , Oscar-winning foreign film Tsotsi , he may not yet have enough experience to handle something on a grander scale .
If these new , allegedly topical movies are to make us feel anything -- to move us toward any action or even just toward any fresh realization -- they need to at least seem alive on the screen , instead of just courting our polite , measured applause .
While Rendition does show terrible torture , it does n't quite rethink the cultural context , the conditions that produce such monsters , again and again .
A political potboiler guaranteed to get your heart racing . It pushes all the buttons these kinds of suspenseful dramas usually do .
Rendition 's approach feels additionally preachy and one-noted because its message is bigger than both the story and the human element .
A movie that has only two major scenes for Streep and one for Arkin has talent to spare .
That it 's embarrassingly plausible , that it depicts things that have happened and that are probably still happening , is enough to make Americans sick to their stomach .
What finally gives Rendition its headlong narrative momentum is the sense that we 're rarely certain what argument the filmmakers are endorsing .
Toss in a bunch of one-dimensional characters , a major flashback that is n't triggered by a memory or a theme but simply by the convenience of the plot and an ending that makes absolutely no sense , and you end with a big , fat mess .
It 's one thing for a thriller to be timely , quite another for it to function as Rendition does , a gripping piece of entertainment with a clear head on its shoulders .
It justly questions whether information gathered through torture is ever reliable , and whether human-rights violations only fan the flames of deadly anti-Americanism and revenge .
Rendition , while engrossing , does not grab us as it should .
As it goes about hitting its predictable marks , including a reassuring burst of moral outrage , Rendition suffers , finally , from not being extraordinary enough .
Wavers between tepid star turns and a Romeo and Juliet subplot involving an al Qaeda assassin and the daughter of the lead inquisitor -- a story that 's ridiculous even broken up and bookended as it is here , to give this flat movie a trick ending .
Give us a genuine dilemma , put us on the spot . Rendition -- though it is a very good , challenging film that will have you thinking and talking afterward -- does n't .
The film takes a matter that every American with an ounce of decency should be concerned with and handles it so poorly that the Dick Cheneys of the world will have no trouble dismissing those who take it seriously .
Rendition has been made with an awful lot of volume and outrage , but you wish it had some intellect and artistry , too .
Morose instead of outraged and static instead of penetrating .
-LSB- Hood -RSB- can be accused of one-siding the debate over interrogation tactics like water-boarding and electrocution . But since when do movies have to be fair and balanced ?
The kind of movie whose own self-importance is a turn off .
A pat and generic , if serviceable , political thriller .
In trying to respect every character 's point of view , Hood does n't reveal enough about any of them to make us truly care .
Rendition offers a reprieve right when it should really be tightening the screws .
While truth is stranger than fiction , even melodramatic films can focus those truths .
It dilutes its message .
Rendition succumbs to a fatal imbalance brought on by terminal star power .
A movie whose hot-button political issues already seem too warmed and worried over .
The performances are surprisingly lackluster . Witherspoon practically sleepwalks through the whole thing , as does Gyllenhaal .
It raises worthwhile quandaries and delivers flashes of acting prowess -- from Streep in particular .
It 's all too simplistic to really engage the deeply complex dilemma it seeks to pass judgment on .
Streep 's skill is , as always , breathtaking .
What the film documents is that we have lost faith in due process and the rule of law , and have forfeited the moral high ground .
Occasionally a movie 's subject outweighs any aesthetic flaws , as it does in this unsettling thriller about the extraordinary rendition of terror suspects .
or all these faults ... the film has many plusses : n unsubtle emotional power that comes through in Abasi 's fear and Isabella 's rage , an honest view of the political machinery in Washington , and an outrage about the way we -LSB- can -RSB- behave .
Rendition is a reminder that , in the wrong hands , political outrage can be a slog .
Rendition grabs hold of a super-charged subject and squeezes all the life out of it .
A brave piece of work , but by no means perfect .
A pacy , twisting thriller .
While Rendition is timely and invigoratingly noble , it does n't really have any perspective . It 's to torture what Amistad was to slavery . It 's a $ 30 million AP brief .
... a limp drama in which too many good actors ... get not enough screen time .
The audience is unduly flattered , never once forced to question its own complicity in allowing this foul and almost always counter-productive flouting of international law to flourish .
Rendition is a well-intentioned film , and an enjoyable one , but , in the end , that 's not quite the same as a good one .
A chamber-orchestra cousin to Paul Greengrass 's topical symphonies of discussion . Sharp , damning and , at times , funny , this intricate thriller wisely chooses a puzzle-box pace , with no big speeches or easy outs for any character .
This movie is composed in the increasingly familiar international hectic-mosaic style , with a note of justified paranoia .
This certainly is n't dull , but it is a touch uncinematic and more than a little preachy .
Considering the incendiary subject matter - the use of torture to extract information - this political thriller should be a lot more compelling than it is .
There is a smart , piercing film in here somewhere , but Rendition never fully connects with its subject .
http://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/film/film_reviews/article2678874.ece
Rendition is the result of such pompous over-pronouncements . It 's a well-intentioned screed undone by its desire to make all sides of its conflict saintly simplistic .
A watchable but rigged and strangely forgettable drama that loses its nerve in the way its real-life political quarry rarely does .
Rendition 's beef with the injustices of the US Patriot Act would have had a lot more power a couple of years ago .
It 's a weapon of mass distraction , designed to stop you realising this is about as challenging as a GCSE in General Studies .
Hood becomes a Hollywood player with a powerful , politically challenging film that pulls no punches . An impressive cast at the top of their game , plus a killer twist that 's anything but a flashy gimmick .
A worthwhile but somewhat underwhelming effort , perhaps too level-headed for its own good .
It goes without saying that Rendition is a matter worthy of your utmost attention .
Its clumsy efforts are toward an honest and difficult goal , which is to use the resources of mainstream movie-making to get viewers thinking about a moral crisis that many of us would prefer to ignore .
Hood squanders the film 's considerable starpower by failing to elicit sharp performances from his marquee names .
Disappointingly dull given the explosive subject matter , this at least attempts to get a message into the mainstream . An extra star for effort rather than execution .
A good film that 's at its best when it 's not talking so much .
This is the kind of movie I 'm fine with . I do n't seek out movies about political issues where horrible things happen so we can be aware of them . I do n't mind seeing them either . They 're just there and they do their thing .
Rendition wastes a serious amount of time and effort force-feeding the viewer lessons on how injustice breeds contempt . For the sequel , I hear the producers plan to explore how fire is hot and water is wet .
-LSB- The torture -RSB- scenes are pretty graphic ... but every American should be forced to watch this movie ... in order to see what is being done in our name , and in the name of , supposedly , freedom and justice .
Get ready for the absolute worst performance of Meryl Streep 's career !
Does its job , keeping the action involving , but in an increasing pool of U.S.-policy-and-the-Middle-East movies , it also feels like one of the crowd .
If you 're going to lecture us on the evils of torture , you better not make a film where in the end we feel there 's more information to be discovered .
The filmmakers ' clumsy manipulation of the facts to fit their bias misses a golden opportunity to examine a troubling issue in an even-handed manner .
can be best described as a fantasy .
While many of the individual pieces work brilliantly , the final tricky answers to the puzzle simply do not work ; the twist at the end neither earned nor welcome leaving a bad taste in my mouth refusing to go away .
It stirs sympathy for one man 's plight but little passion over the policy that imprisoned him .
The movie is not exciting , original or instructive enough to justify the unpleasant experience .
As Hollywood tries to make sense -- or at least drama -- from current events , it is inevitable that the early attempts will seem cardboardish and melodramatic .
At every turn the screenplay turns geopolitics into Lifetime Channel pablum .
Relevancy is n't the only barometer worth reading here , especially since it 's one of the few elements the film has going for it .
Rendition 's worst flaw is its political deck-stacking , with its willingness to win the viewer 's sympathy by showcasing the least defensible instance of extraordinary rendition imaginable .
What a cast , indeed . And what a bust as persuasive drama .
A naive , poorly-thought out , badly-reasoned left-wing -LRB- nut -RRB- manifesto that gives the Right all the ammunition it needs .
Scenes of powerful realism alternate with melodrama .
Explores the dark side of the so-called war on terrorism where human rights are ignored by the CIA and spit upon by Islamic terrorists .
The script by Kelley Sane is full of outrage but not enough depth .
A stale , murky drama so oversimplified that its politics boil down to a single tidy , elementary-level message : torture is bad .
Do n't imagine that you 'll find much beyond lip service to serious public debate in this slick thriller .
A movie about secret government procedures can probably do without a subplot about a terrorist in love .
Reduces issues of burning domestic urgency to a rubble of burnt melodrama .
Every aspect of Gavin Hood 's direction underlines the `` importance '' of the project .
Aims to appear courageous but in the end comes across as mealy-mouthed ... its political stance is feeble , its dramatic sense weak , and its execution flawed .
Despite the high stakes involved ... Rendition plods along with little vitriol and even less energy .
Director Hood did the satisfying South African Oscar winner Tsotsi , and he wrangles Rendition 's multiple storylines with skill . He can not elevate the writing , however .
Rendition is watchable enough thanks to decent direction and strong performances .
By crafting an intricate and engaging story out of this country 's most despicable ` weapon ' in the war on terror , it 's possible that its message may be more well-received than the dozens of damning documentaries that have preceded it .
It all adds up to a dilution of the real issues at hand ... With friends like this movie , who needs Dick Cheney ?
One of the most heart-wrenching , dramatic films of the season .
Everything is black and white here , a tremendous disservice considering the complexity of the issue .
Well-crafted political pot-boiler almost succeeds at being neither manipulative nor sensationalistic . Almost .
Rendition makes the case that torture , whatever name it goes under , is indefensible , yet one can agree with that view entirely and still feel that the movie is just a borderline exploitation of what anyone who reads the papers already knows .
Hot off the headlines , this is one timely thriller that delivers its message with a huge punch and no heavy speechifying .
Laughably melodramatic and agonizingly inert .
Terrific character actors such as J.K. Simmons furrow their brows . Streep responds by speaking in Red-State bumper-sticker slogans , ordering up some torture and then gnawing the heads off newborn babies .
Rendition manages to take an urgent , important topic and turn it into standard Hollywood melodrama . What a waste .
We are ambushed by a simplistic storyline that 's more interested in sermonizing and demonizing than existing in the real world where things are n't as clear-cut as the movie would like us to believe .
An issue that springs from collective fear and the baser instincts it engenders deserves a better , more intelligent , and more perceptive treatment than the trite platitudes Rendition offers .
Rendition has multiple crisscrossing plots , a cliff-hanger climax , and a strong current of hope -- that an individual 's conscience can triumph over careerism and bureaucratic moral blindness .
Hollywood kick-starts another Oscar season with a modish globetrotting guilt trip that histrionically explores how government policy and our involvement in the Middle East affects people in America on a personal level .
In the end , there 's enough excitement , dimension and an involved level of acting by an ensemble of first-rate players to make the time rendered worth spending .
Works both as a tense thriller -LRB- complete with a skilfully handled time twist -RRB- , and as an urgent warning about the track the world is currently on .
After overblown stories of mass walkouts by critics during its Toronto debut , Rendition proves to have enough substance , momentum and surprise to validate its entertainment value as a politically charged thriller .
As is usually the case in movieland , a powerful US agency is the villain . The use of torture is frowned upon , and a complex plot provides reasonable tension .
As soon as the hood comes out , start talking . Rendition leaves the question of guilt or innocence to each viewer .
South African director Hood -LRB- Tsotsi -RRB- turns what could have been yet another Hollywood potboiler into an edgy dramatic thriller .
Hood , who knows what kind of movies win awards , crafts his tale so that every little detail falls neatly into place .
There is a crying need to publicly explore the U.S. government 's policy of `` extraordinary renditions '' ... But Rendition tackles the concern in a heavy-handed thriller with simplistic characters and manipulative story lines .
The right ingredients for a timely political thriller are here-good cast , relevant concept-but Gavin Hood proves the wrong helmer , lacking the requisite perspective and skills to unify the Syriana and Crash-like saga into a coherent and poignant film .
Hood 's direction globe-trots with a spring in its step , and he 's got a handle on action , too .
Three or four years ago , a movie about innocent citizens being pulled into secret torture prisons because of the color of their skin might have raised an eyebrow or two , but those days are long gone .
It 's not until the pieces finally start to fall into place that Rendition becomes the hard-hitting , thought-provoking drama Hood clearly wants it to be ...
The script is n't particularly impressive and with so many films exploring similar material , the film seems predictable and redundant .
Even Witherspoon , normally the most spirited of performers who can inject even limited characters and blah scripts with her own spark , can do little but mope around and search for different ways to look worried .
Hot off the headlines and onto the screen , this is a rarity -- a political film that delivers its timely message with a cinematic punch and no undue speechifying .







@highlight

The impressive cast can not rescue Rendition , which explores complex issues in woefully simplified terms .