Although the film suffers from complacency , it is still a visual spectacle , full of emotions , great performances , an impressive production design and above all , much intimacy within the pain . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not without aesthetic interest , the movie is still a complete mess , weighed down by an expositional script and extremely mannered performances .
Shot beautifully by cinematographer Stephanes Fontaine . The haunting score by composer Mica Levi drives home the grief felt through the entire picture .
Sometimes when people say a film is all about one singular performance , it 's meant as a slight . In Jackie , that 's the point .
And yet , for every element in Jackie that 's obvious and overplayed , there are stray , marginal details that manage to resonate , moments during which the pretense falls away and its amorphous stew of ideas finally coalesce .
`` Jackie '' shows us how Kennedy gave birth to the legend of the modern-day Camelot , but it also captures the ongoing evolution of a star , right before our eyes .
As much as Jackie is about emotional process , it is also about Kennedy 's liberation .
... an examination of the character and hher need to purge or repair her pain . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Portman does a tremendous job balancing an accurate impersonation of Mrs. Kennedy 's unique voice and mannerisms with a performance that is genuine and fresh .
In her portrayal of former First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy , Oscar-winning actress Natalie Portman is absolutely superb in Jackie .
Director Pablo Larraín 's biopic JACKIE is soaked in atmosphere , bleeding emotion , life , death , happiness , sadness and anxiety .
A disturbingly intimate portrayal of Jacqueline Kennedy , ` Jackie ' is a film that unmasks her in such a tender yet objective manner ; you feel like an intruder who is tailing the first lady of America and a widow in her most trying time .
It 's one of the must-sees of this award season .
It 's easy to recognize some of the shared elements between Jackie and Neruda . But it 's still striking to see Larraín tackle such quintessentially American material -LRB- and with a largely different crew -RRB- and managing to hit the mark so cleanly once again .
If Jackie has a conceptual emblem , this is it : messy reality splattering all over a carefully maintained façade .
Pale and gaunt , Portman not only looks the part - those vintage costumes are perfect for her - she manages to channel the grief and pain powerfully .
I can testify from firsthand experience that Natalie Portman , in what is certain to be an Oscar-nominated performance , gets it very right .
Not your typical biopic , Jackie is an extraordinary exploration of a complex woman navigating her loss , her children 's grief and a nation through an unprecedented political and personal tragedy . Do n't miss it .
It 's an intensity that never lets up - you have to take your moments to stop and remember to inhale and exhale when you can . But that intensity is also to the film 's detriment , as at no point does it allow warmth to seep in .
Jackie is too focused to teach history to the young and too invasive to appeal to the old , who watched TV that November .
Portman 's portrayal is nothing less than amazing , perfectly capturing Jacqueline 's intense drive , strength , occasional pettiness , and overwhelming grief .
Jackie is a self-serious affair , and despite its dedication to getting under the skin of the former first lady , it remains largely on the surface of things - glossy , sleek , and to a certain extent oddly detached .
Pablo Larraín 's disappointing Jacqueline Kennedy biopic tries but ultimately fails to reconcile the person with the persona .
It tries not to fall into cheap patriotism and for the most part succeeds , but more than anything is the Portman show . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Here 's how you know the new film Jackie is working : You move from trying to decide just how credible Natalie Portman 's impersonation is to thinking about anything and everything except that .
For the most part ... Jackie keeps things clear and preserves its subject 's sadness in amber .
A look at a woman who uses the cameras to transmit the version that suits her . Part of Jackie 's success lies in not knowing when we are seeing the woman or her creation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As a whole , the movie is very cold . Director Pablo Larraín shoots much of it in a very controlled , almost Kubrickian way
A movie that is as brilliant as it is frustrating .
This is essentially asking us to celebrate the birth of spin in modern politics .
Larraín is an artist , and his skills show throughout , both in his ability to meld so many different sequences into a narrative whole and in how effectively he uses Portman to portray one of the world 's most memorable figures .
Jackie is a great recreation of a very important time and context , but it did n't stimulated me emotionally or intellectually as much as I would have liked . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Jackie '' may not be the highest point in the career of the Chilean filmmaker , but there 's enough material on the film to avoid going unnoticed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While the movie may not sit well with those looking for perhaps a more conventional Hollywood approach to biopics , it is worth seeing for Ms. Portman 's outstanding performance alone .
The emotions are muted , suggested in gestures and details , as is the drama . Jackie does n't deliver the catharsis you might expect from the subject matter . It 's more interested in the nuances of character ...
The center of the whole film is Jackie and neither the witty narrative nor Larraín 's staging would have worked were if not for Natalie Portman 's performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What a tense , absorbing , startling film it is . Natalie Portman is simply astounding .
The result of the film is in some ways a bit disconcerting , but - beyond certain moments dominated by coldness and calculation - it 's still a valuable film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Distinct and sensitive , this unique feature offers an emotional and enthralling look at the former first lady .
`` Jackie '' is artful when it needs to be heartful ; its overly ambitious visual dramatics are often a glass wall between Portman and the audience . But when she breaks through it , watch out .
The director shows us the mourning as a staging , but does n't condemn , shows ; criticizes and also builds bridges for compassion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that questions the show within the show , opening up to unpublished meditations and contexts , to continue surviving adversity and internal dismemberment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It ended up pushing me further away from the character . In other words , I can appreciate the formal achievements of the film , but what surrounds this calculated and talented woman could n't interest me less . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite some impressive visual flourishes - the slain President 's limousine racing to the hospital - the much-hyped Jackie is ultimately a big let-down .
Portman does a stellar job of drawing out all the hundred emotions of sadness , grief and hopelessness that one would have thought are humanly possible . Her performance , however , is not as nuanced and varied as in the ... Black Swan .
Jackie , the first English-language film by Chilean director Pablo Larraín , offers a compellingly uneasy and nuanced portrait of one of the best-known first ladies in American history , engagingly played by Natalie Portman .
As a tightly controlled exploration of the pageantry of grief , Jackie works very well , even when the stylisation tips into excess and the close-ups begin to feel more intrusive than intimate .
An artificially enlarged portrait that has empty , superficial and apolitical reflections . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although the film does n't reveal any secrets , it constructs a dramatically powerful x-ray of what Jackie might have experienced . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Larraín , working from a script by Noah Oppenheim , delivers a frequently mesmerizing drama that benefits greatly from Portman 's striking performance ...
Natalie Portman shines on Jackie , a film that is far from the traditional biopic , focusing on the feelings that follow a tragedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Pablo Larraín 's direction ties every loose strand together with ease and grace , his camera condemning , challenging , coaxing out meaning , and wringing beauty from a bloodstained pink suit .
A spiritual look at Jacqueline Kennedy 's search for meaning after the death of her beloved husband .
It manages to circumvent the conventions of biopics or ordinary historical films thanks to its spooky but alway sober atmosphere loyal to the period portrayed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The minimalist style of the film , full of silences , sounds like the tears of a woman as they hit the ground . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jackie is a mesmerising tour de force , as brutal as it is gentle and as jaw-droppingly gorgeous as it is bleak .
An educated and transparent film , which tries not so much to reconstruct or imitate reality as to recreate it on the inside and make it possible in the strict margins of the myth . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Portman , with her fabulous upper-crust accent , is the best thing in this piece , essentially a longish radio play .
Natalie Portman as Jackie Kennedy is perfectly imperfect in one of her best roles until today and the music of Mica Levi drags us to follow the same path of despair that she must have had . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This idiosyncratic polysemy is gradually digestible thanks to a well-grounded narrative structure . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The great performance of Natalie Portman , the incredible score by Mica Levi , and the direction of Pablo Larraín make a very relevant reflection on modern celebrity culture .
Politics is given a back seat , and that 's what makes Jackie interesting - it unspools as a deep character study of its subject rather than a history lesson .
Portman skilfully mimics Jackie 's mannerisms but more importantly , you understand her character 's complexities .
Jackie is one of the most conflicted films I 've had the pleasure of watching . It is good -- but it does take a while to work out exactly what type of film it is supposed to be .
An incredibly immersive experience that is hard to shake after the credits role , a film that illuminates and moves in its artistry and its spirit .
-LSB- Portman is -RSB- at her best here in the moments when Jackie is quiet , when the grief , anger and doubt are in her face more than in her words .
Portman returns to form in `` Jackie . ''
It feels both random but suddenly relevant today , when the American presidency has become something other than Camelot .
That the film is nearly as good as Portman 's performance is remarkable .
This is Portman 's film through and through : she gives one of her best performances -LRB- better even than her Oscar-winning turn in Black Swan -RRB- .
It 's a time-fractured but close-focused look at the bereaved First Lady , and thanks to Natalie Portman 's performance as the fragile , ferocious Jackie , it 's one of the strongest dramas of the year .
A fine film boasting some notably detailed period recreation ... As a historical drama about how a nation looked to a single person for its cue about how to react to the murder of its leader the film does make for a solid , if somewhat repetitive , journey .
While brilliant French cinematographer Stephane Fontaine paints the picture , Noah Oppenheim 's screenplay makes you wonder why it 's taken so long to essay this endlessly fascinating historical figure .
Bizarre yet irresistible .
Portman is excellent but it 's hard not to know why the story is being told .
From the saddening glissando strings of the opening theme , with its falling invocations of death and discord , Levi provides the unifying emotional glue for Larraín 's deliberately shattered film .
A brilliant depiction of shock .
With eyes wide and startled , pale skin drawn tightly over cheekbones , Portman is hypnotic .
It 's a complex , provocative film , artfully directed by Chilean filmmaker Pablo Larrain and anchored by a riveting performance from Natalie Portman .
Clever , beautiful images about a clever , beautiful image-maker .
Portman 's portrayal of explosive yet restrained grief packs a punch , and Jackie 's loneliness is palpable , emphasised by the White House 's enormous rooms , Mica Levi 's disquieting score ... and cinematographer Stéphane Fontaine 's long shots .
-LSB- An -RSB- engagingly unconventional chronicle of the days between JFK 's assassination and his elaborate state funeral .
-LSB- Jackie Kennedy -RSB- is played to perfection by Natalie Portman .
Do n't expect a comprehensive biopic of the wife , mother , widow , tastemaker and White House style icon . This is a rigorous exploration of Jackie Kennedy 's steely determination ...
Daringly intimate and unusually insightful , Jackie sees a South American provocateur take on an all-American idol - and the results are unforgettable .
A fascinating film with a complex , moving performance from Natalie Portman , sounding strangely like Marilyn Monroe in places , and a sentimental belief in the enduring promise of Kennedy 's brief , shining moment as president .
In a word : Oscars !
By immersing us in Jackie Kennedy 's -LRB- Natalie Portman -RRB- subjective experience rather than observing her from the outside , Larraín gets closer than a traditional biopic to capturing an individual 's capacity to shape history .
Was I riveted by Natalie Portman as Jackie Kennedy ? I was ... But was I aware it was Natalie Portman , Acting ? Always . And there is n't much else here .
For all the bustle around her , the film insists on Jackie 's aloneness and Portman gives a performance in which there is as much tantalisingly concealed as fearlessly exposed .
It is well made , handsomely furnished , punctiliously designed and the use of Richard Burton 's sonorous tones on the Kennedys ' LP of the musical Camelot is a nice moment .
There is kitsch but no corn in this piercingly intelligent film . Even the press-interview framing device , a tired trope in some cinema , proves its sly mettle .
Has almost unbearable extra resonance in these waning days of the Obama administration ... The themes are big but the focus is tight as a drum ... astonishingly effective production and costume design ... Portman -LSB- give -RSB- s -LSB- a -RSB- tremendous performance .
More mood piece than standard narrative , more character sketch than study , Jackie is a fascinating film that rewards as it confounds .
It 's the incongruity of the Jackie Kennedy story told in Pablo Larrain 's Jackie that makes the film so compelling .
The woman comes across as imperious , mercurial and sometimes eccentric , but always real .
Larraín has made an incomparable film on the process of moving queasily into uncertainty .
To be moved by this film , directed by Chilean filmmaker Pablo Larraín , it is important to absorb it as a visual experience first and allow yourself to be entranced by its images .
An interpretation of how the bereaved woman at its core copes ... purposefully restless in look and in mood yet still attuned to the impact of glances , choices , words and objects .
Breathes life , hope , blood , sweat and tears into despair .
A captivating and unflinching portrait of private grief amidst one of history 's most public tragedies .
Jackie does what the very best biopics should : it makes you view someone you 've seen countless times as if you were seeing them anew .
Portman 's Oscar-worthy work crowns an unconventional study of an icon , while Mica Levi 's score is sublime .
A mesmerising reflection on celebrity , memory and the determined individual crafting history .
Natalie Portman 's central multi-layered performance is unforgettable for many reasons . Beyond the physical illusion ... her portrayal is both internal and external
Natalie Portman captures every facet of Jacqueline Kennedy . The smiling , laughing young woman and the embittered widow , refusing to change out of her clothes , stained with her husband 's blood
Immensely powerful .
Natalie Portman 's performance is as good as everyone says .
Working from a nuanced script by Noah Oppenheim , Larrain has fashioned a solemn film that mourns what never came to be more than what was lost .
A beautiful , bewildering film that bounces from haunting to overblown and back again without a moment 's notice , ending up an oddity most befitting of its subject .
The entire movie resonates with an authenticity that stems from Portman 's performance . From the wardrobe to the re-creation of historical moments , there are no shortcuts taken .
-LSB- Jackie -RSB- is held together by a startling performance by Natalie Portman , who goes beyond mere chameleonic imitation and offers something truly emotionally wrenching .
A fascinating , high energy , character study and well worth your time if you do n't mind the emotional cost .
A bewitching study of mythmaking that underlines Pablo Larraín 's status as cinema 's most daring political filmmaker .
Portman and Larrain have done a terrific job presenting a complex , conflicted and often-contradictory character , who struggled at times to be the person others wanted her to be .
This is a cinema of no escape , and few if any actors will have to shoulder the same burden of expressive responsibility this year - yet the never-better Portman simply shines beneath it , giving a performance of mesmeric complexity and commitment .
Larrain has carried off a perfect fusion of the personal and the political . The story of one woman 's loss has become a study in America 's sustaining need to turn its leaders into myth .
This film is less an isolated Jackie Kennedy biopic than a dark and conceptual statement on how the American people classifies , experiences and remembers historic tragedies .
By the end of the film , Portman has drained the iconic Jacqueline Kennedy of every last drop of her famously fluid grace and poise , and we have watched it harden into resilience and defiance .
If the winners write history , the survivors become guardians of the legacy .
... sets the new standard for the biopic genre against which all future attempts will likely be measured .
Pablo Larrain has crafted a visually stunning and emotionally raw film but what really brings Jackie to life is Natalie Portman 's extraordinarily complex performance .
-LSB- Jackie is -RSB- a tour de force that works precisely because it does n't have to be totally convincing , just insightful .
An intelligent and emotional biographical piece . It 's the tragedy in the face of a young widow . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
From the beginning of the film , with its mournful , atonal music score by Mica Levi , it 's obvious that this is no conventional dramatisation of the events that arguably brought to an end America 's innocence .
There are two narratives at war in Jackie : One is a decent but disposable showcase of dialogue , the other a masterpiece streaming through sentiments .
History comes to life and a former First Lady becomes a walking ghost in Pablo Larraín 's strange , disquieting biopic , Jackie .
Torture-lot .
Yes , the actress nails Jackie 's soft , breathy , almost brittle voice . Yes , she moves about with the perfect posture and grace that Kennedy was known for . Yet her Jackie rarely feels lived-in .
A movie like this stands or falls by its lead performance . Fall it does .
-LSB- Here is an -RSB- ill-conceived movie further hobbled by an inarticulate script ineptly executed by miscast actors - gross political exploitation at its lowest .
One could excuse the lack of factual detail if the movie had some focused impression to suggest .
Viewers who were alive and witnessed it will find it inspiring . Those who were not will find it flat .
The film is not a document , nor a myth , nor a political indictment , but a completely subjective , artfully wrought fragment of the American mystique .
A brilliant performance surrounded by an otherwise unremarkable movie . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Director Pablo Larraín 's Jackie is a powerful if traumatic achievement , in approach as well as execution . So is Natalie Portman 's performance in the title role .
... A mesmerizing picture that stays with you after the lights go up , but it 's not one to be enjoyed .
It is , in its own way , a eulogy not just to Camelot but to the American dream itself . It is grace in the midst of madness .
... a psychodrama more than a standard biopic .
We 've known for some time that Natalie Portman is a fine actress , but with her portrayal of Jacqueline Kennedy she steps into the front ranks .
Portman 's body language , a profound interior burn , is brilliant .
Jackie paints a chilling portrait of the former first lady , spectacularly portrayed by Natalie Portman , in the moments and days after her husband 's assassination in Dallas .
This is a movie about power , and its spectacle is that of a woman almost losing all of it . Larrain portrays all of this with the appropriate degree of horror and sorrow .
The success of any biopic rests squarely on the shoulders of the actor playing the subject , and Natalie Portman harnesses every bit of the strength and fragility she displayed in her Oscar-winning role in 2010 's Black Swan to astounding effect .
Love and ambition struggle again , this time to world-shaping effect without and -LRB- in the devastating last scenes -RRB- despair within .
The film does n't dwell exploitively on these things . It just makes abundantly clear what this woman was dealing with when she insisted on dealing with the details of her husband 's funeral .
The serviceable movie you make about this subject . But it does offer a little bit more , peeking through with an interesting insight every quarter-hour or so .
Portman 's performance reaches past mere impersonation to capture her sense of dignity that allowed her , in the face of her husband 's horrific death , to complete the task of establishing his place in history .
There 's no denying Portman 's depiction of class and grace under pressure , capturing the emotions of that time and showing people who were scared and confused a way to heal .
Natalie Portman 's performance is a masterpiece of carefully controlled emotion ...
... ` Jackie ' is an extraordinary and intimate look at an iconic figure who put her stamp on the White House , the nation and our perception of grace and beauty .
An impressionistic portrait that says more in images than in words .
Portman is simply brilliant , getting to the essence of Jackie without resorting to a mere impersonation .
Larrain spins a tale of dignified anguish and calculations less sympathetic . Anchored by Natalie Portman 's uncanny impersonation - wispy voice , aristocratic posture - Jackie fascinates and frustrates , sometimes at once .
The film instead becomes preoccupied with trendy period detail and the mannered performance of its star , rather than in finding deeper truths about the subject .
The best film about any Kennedy since `` JFK . '' This is not a safe , comfortable , amber-encased reminiscence people may want . It 's a mesmerizing , insidious suggestion of how deep the American political rot may run and for how long it has done so .
Jackie breaks new ground inside the biopic genre , thanks to a magnificent direction by Pablo Larráin and Natalie Portman 's best performance to date . One of the best films of 2016 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Natalie Portman is sensational in what ends up as a powerful , intimate and award-worthy portrait of a very public grief .
Natalie Portman delivers a tremendous performance in a movie that marches to its own beat without ever taking its eye off the ball .
The title character never emerges from the iconic shell she inhabits to become a fully fleshed-out individual and the filmmakers are perhaps too reverential to make her seem real .
This is a cinematic work of art , and taking the time to see it in a theatre should be priority number one .
There 's an eerie rightness : the bright Dallas sun ; the long Washington shadows ; the delicate bouclé of that pink Chanel suit ; the clarion clip-clop along Pennsylvania Avenue .
Portman 's scarily composed performance is laser-focused , an act of empathy without tears .
Jackie proves that grace and composure are qualities that matter in our leaders in a year when many Americans want to deny it .
Whether ... this amounts to much more than a bit of tabloidism with pretensions ... is open to question .
`` Jackie '' is a gamble , and Portman makes it pay off .
Together -LSB- director Larrain and star Portman -RSB- trap the character on film , like a rose frozen in a block of ice .
The casting of Portman turns out to have been perfect .
Jackie begins at a fever pitch and never lets up . What Noah Oppenheim 's dazzling screenplay & Pablo Lorrain 's direction manage to thrust us back in time and make us see a series of historical events in a way we never have before
All the perfectly manicured technical elements assembled by Larraín are the reasons to watch Jackie , even as they overwhelm a slight and not particularly revealing story .
How about just telling the story straight ?
It is a fever dream of a movie , tracking its subject as she tries to maintain control , maintain her composure , her sanity .
Enormously moving , but flawed .
Larrain 's gorgeously grim and austere vision bolsters a bravura performance from Natalie Portman . She inhabits Jackie as a woman who has been shaken to her core with grief .
Jackie 's power is in the sticky quality of the moments of pure cinematic composition . Those images , moments and chords in the score flicker in your memory long after the viewing .
`` Jackie '' is mesmerizing ; a familiar story told from an entirely different angle .
It 's an impressively bold go at such a revered presidency , and much of the project 's success hangs on Natalie Portman 's fully immersed and utterly mesmerizing portrait of the grieving first widow .
How do you dramatise history on film without adding a large dollop of fiction to the mix ? Many have tried and most have failed . But Pablo Larraín succeeds better than many with Jackie .
It 's a very intimate character study that shows this woman , who is known for her poise , break down like any other human being .
... wrenching and unforgettable
Portman nails the intonation and characteristics of the famous First Lady without them ever feeling like imitation
Larrain succeeds - to a point . His hindrance is Portman , whose Jackie exists without an inner-life .
Portman reconciles the indulgent and extravagant aspects of Jackie 's character with the strong-willed first lady looking to create something for the American people out of a nationwide tragedy .
Revealing her strength during the end of the presidential Camelot , ` Jackie ' is a royal depiction .
Portman 's Jackie is certainly haughty -LRB- she can not hide her disdain for the Johnsons -RRB- , and she 's got that excessively breathy speech pattern down pat .
Yet another film about the Kennedy family may seem like an eye-rolling prospect , but Pablo Larrain 's `` Jackie '' is so painfully alive , so painstakingly intimate , it rises above such simple descriptions .
Powerful and profoundly spectacular . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
To watch Portman 's every move is to not only watch history being recreated , but to also witness history being made . No one will ever be able to touch this role again . Or , at least , no one should .
A Slaughterhouse-Five adaptation starring the former First Lady . I 'm pretty sure most people are going to hate it .
Portman 's performance carries the day .
Natalie Portman is flawless as a string of pearls , and Peter Sarsgaard lends valuable support underplaying Robert Kennedy , but the ghoulishness of reenacting the assassination for the millionth time overwhelms the film 's pretended merits .
At the core of it all is Natalie Portman 's masterful performance of a strong , tightly-reined personality , seen in almost painful , constant close-up .
The film is wise in the way it sees Jackie as a constructor of narratives , and it 's tragic in its recognition that those narratives have little to do with her .
What emerges is more serious docudrama : a fully rendered vision of a woman ill-served by most previous accounts , featuring an Oscar-worthy lead performance by Portman . It 's also one of the year 's best movies .
Instead of devolving into a Warholian pop artifact , the prescient Jackie offers a raw blast of electoral catharsis .
An iconic performance packaged in a film good enough to support it .
`` Jackie '' would have been an exceptionally smart , intriguing movie as an astutely conceived , well-crafted meditation on political mythmaking . In Larraín and Portman 's hands , it becomes something deeper and more emotionally potent .
Even if it lacks full dimension , and a final imaginative leap past the biopic strictures , `` Jackie '' pulls you into its web , shot by shot , moment by moment - most of them Portman 's .
It 's not a one-woman show but it 's clearly Portman 's film , and she makes the most of it , helping Larrain to answer the question : How are myths made ?
A carefully compiled dossier on the life of an ordinary woman in extraordinary times whose dignity and grace under pressure humbled the world at the time and influenced future generations without planning to .
While the gorgeous and mesmerizingly subversive biopic itself is destined to be cult rather than classic , Portman 's is a performance for the ages , and one that makes Jackie utterly irresistible .
Dazed yet undaunted , grief-stricken but determined , genteel yet steely , Jackie is the role Natalie Portman was born to embody , swaddled in a brilliant skin of a score by Mica Levi .
If the film is about grief , then the film must act as grief acts . Unmoored and aimless , Jackie acts like a bad dream .
Jackie is a triumph of production design , period costuming and vintage cars and props , all captured by Stephane Fontaine 's formal camera lens in a mix of sharply defining close-ups and scenes constructed of Kubrickian symmetry .
Though Larraín sometimes fails entirely to convince on that emotional level ... his talent and intelligence have never really been in question . And then there was Jackie .
Unlike previous projects , this unique film zeroes in on a particular timeframe , in which the indelible legacies of both Jack and Jackie Kennedy first came to pass .
It 's the feel of the piece that 's so unique .
What is this movie trying to do ? Simply dramatize everything that can go on inside a woman simultaneously marginalized and revered .
What is the tension of the movie ? Where is the drama ? There 's nothing at stake , no transformation to witness , just the weird spectacle of Portman 's peculiar Jackie impersonation and the promise , hinted at throughout , that the assassination will be shown .
There 's no way around it . Natalie Portman is astonishing in a surprising and engrossing look at a Jackie Kennedy we only thought we knew .
Portman 's portrayal of Jackie is almost startlingly immersive , and the film is an invaluable glimpse into the mind and heart of a tragic figure .
takes a topic that could so easily have become a one-dimensional hagiography or a cruelly biting hatchet job and turns it into a powerful study in loss and resolve
Intense , complex film about assassination and aftermath .
One of 2016 's most interesting , adventurous , and just plain best films , the most thorough revivification of the biopic form in a good long while .
The scene of Jackie playing the original song `` Camelot '' while she drinks wine and floats through their White House rooms in a daze is as heartbreaking a sequence as any I 've seen . For just these moments , Portman deserves an Oscar nom .
Portman 's turn in `` Jackie '' may end up to be the defining one of her career , even though she 's only thirty-five . The more the film moves along , the more convincing she becomes .
`` Jackie '' transcends mimicry to achieve something greater - bringing the first lady 's grief and resolve in the face of unspeakable loss to vivid life .
The many nonlinear flashbacks in ` Jackie ' made me feel like I was lost in a crazy time machine .
Solemn and mesmerizing , propelling Natalie Portman into serious Oscar contention ...
Yikes , could they have gotten worse performances out of an outstanding cast ? Portman plays Jackie as if she 's a moron . Sarsgaard , Hurt , and Crudup are perfectly awful , but Laurence Olivier would n't have been any better given the lines they utter .
If Portman 's portrayal seems studied , that 's because the woman herself was , and not since Black Swan has the actress been so in command of such a substantial role .
-LSB- Larraín 's -RSB- film deepens the general understanding of this person at this terrible time , while also keeping her truest and deepest thoughts exactly where they must be - out of our reach .
It is well acted and informative , revealing a side of Jackie Kennedy that is relatively unknown .
It 's a revelation , a steady gaze into the early years in which the American presidency was a site for crafting an image not just for the history books , but for the cameras .
Stéphane Fontaine ... uses rigidly composed frames for the interview which anchors the film while operating more fluidly in flashbacks , a device which mirrors Jackie 's carefully composed legend building against real life .
-LSB- Portman -RSB- captures Jackie 's mincing , tinkly speaking voice and brittle politesse , but some inner emotional core , even in Jackie 's most resonant moments , as in the weeks after the assassination , is lacking .
It 's as beautiful as it is sorrowful , and as reassuring as it is disheartening .
It 's a stunning historical snapshot and nifty piece of filmmaking .
One of the most barbed and breathless movies of the year ... grief and social pressure haunt -LSB- Portman 's Jackie -RSB- like Freddy Krueger .
Unfortunately , Portman 's performance is the kind of boilerplate biopic mimicry that , while certainly attractive to Oscar voters , is the antithesis of the kind of critique she and Larraín are attempting .
Every detail shines with significance .
Natalie Portman is stunning as Jacqueline Kennedy in the aftermath of her husband 's assassination . Chilean Director Pablo Larrain crafts a sublimely artistic and intimate portrayal of her struggle .
A brilliant exploration of Jackie 's role in creating the Kennedy mythos , though it also does n't really ever question that mythos .
Pablo Larraín 's Jackie is an elegy to two slandered traits : self-consciousness and superficiality .
There are two movies in Jackie . One of these movies is just OK . The other is exceptional . The first one keeps undermining the second .
The movie devolves into a suffocating examination of its star as she unleashes a tsunami of acting-weeping , simpering , smoking and snapping-much of it captured in relentless , oppressive close-ups .
Jackie is at its strongest not as a making-of-history biopic , but as a perceptive and aphoristic essay on history .
We all know the Kennedy story by heart , but you 'll still never look at Jackie the same way again .
It 's a very rare thing when a movie transcends so perfectly making the viewer feel something of what its tormented protagonist experienced .
Jackie is not a feel-good movie ; if you have any empathy in you , you 'll feel sad at best and terrible at worst . It 's meant to upset , and maybe motivate
Vibrant and melancholic .
In some roles , Ms. Portman stiffens up and never seems to get out of her head ; in `` Jackie '' this works as a character trait .
A profoundly haunting and powerful film that examines grief in its most raw form . Natalie Portman is extraordinary .
Although often gut-wrenching , the movie is supremely compassionate toward its subject . Yet Larrain and Oppenheim pull no punches when it comes to Jackie , who emerges as incredibly complex .
There 's a mesmeric intensity to Jackie that 's unlike any biopic of its kind , marked by a deliberate effort to narrow the scope to one woman 's actions and reactions over the course of a few fraught days .
It 's not a conventional biography , or even a historical drama . It 's deeper and darker than that , and Portman bores down to the complex , most challenging parts of its core .
The real question is what Jackie as a whole adds up to , and the returns are mixed .
A potent cinematic provocation . Powered by a transfixing Portman as Jackie , Larrain 's film - one of the year 's best - is appropriately hard to pin down and impossible to forget .
Portman is simply magnetic in the role , but it 's a performance that works when in concert with all the other elements of the filmmaking ... It 's entirely of a piece ; a perfect film because all of the details are perfect together .
Moving but fitfully realized .
He offers glimmers of what lies beneath the near-mythic , elegant exterior , but Larrain 's take is more impressionistic than revelatory , more presumptuous than knowing .
`` Jackie '' does more than a disservice - bordering on an insult - to its subject : It 's so obtuse about the history of mores that it 's the equivalent of showing Abraham Lincoln reading the Gettysburg Address off a teleprompter .
Jackie is a remarkably composed , artful piece of storytelling about storytelling , as an examination of the gauzy reputation of the Kennedys and the darker myth-making involved .
For all its disorienting intensity , emphasized by Mica Levi 's keening and discordant score , Jackie operates at a chilly remove from the viewer .
Larraín pieces together the fabric of Jackie 's character with striking command and unmistakable purpose .
Ultimately `` Jackie '' is n't that different from `` Manchester by the Sea . '' Both films deal with bottomless torment , but also with the way the death of a loved one brings headaches big and small .
There are no shortage of stories about the Kennedy assassination , but this may be the first to show us the event through the eyes of the woman in the pink suit and hat . It 's beautiful , and ugly , and long overdue .
Both wildly stylized and feverishly intimate , a surreal collision of private and public selves played out simultaneously in the exclusive back rooms of power and on the world 's biggest stage .
Jackie is a hard movie to love , but its brittleness might be its most admirable quality .
Director Pablo Larraín and screenwriter Noah Oppenheim have crafted a dazzling 99-minute drama .
An ambitious but jumbled drama in which the central figure remains elusive . Portman 's performance gets lost in the chaos .
Larraín told his producers he would n't do `` Jackie '' unless Natalie Portman agreed to take on the role , and her superb performance , utterly convincing without being anything like an impersonation , vindicates his determination .
Natalie Portman falls back on excessive Acting 101 shtick that seems aimed for generating film awards rather than seriously trying to decipher the soul of a beloved figure .
For Portman , this is n't so much the role of a lifetime as maybe the roles , plural : The notion of multiple Jackies affords her a range of personas ...
Natalie Portman excels in this uncanny portrait of Jacqueline Kennedy 's anguish and dignity following the murder of her husband .
A searing , almost scary thrill ride through the psyche of one very determined woman ... a reminder that JFK 's visage owns the half dollar because Jackie owned Americans ' hearts .
The opening frames of Jackie lead one to believe they 're about to see a horror film . One would n't be far off .
Pablo Larrain 's Jackie , a work of probing intimacy and shattered stereotype , is an electrifyingly fractured portrait of the former First Lady .
Gorgeous and emotional , Jackie is the kind of introspective film about American history that just does n't come around very often .
All those beautiful artificial vistas remind us that we are strangers here , that all we can do is watch ; that the real Jackie , and her celebrated pain , are unknowable .
Portman brings life to a complicated character , infusing it with a high level of consistent intensity and a sympathetic malaise that is beyond reproach .
Pablo Larrain taps into a challenging and intriguing perspective on the traditional White House bio-pic .
Portman 's been a committed , in-the-moment actress since she was a skinny kid running after `` Leon : The Professional '' but `` Jackie '' is an accomplishment on the Oscar-winning order of `` Black Swan . ''
The iconic first lady is given emotional complexity and rich understanding through a stirring and ambitious performance by Natalie Portman in director Pablo Larrain 's powerful drama .
Natalie Portman depicts the former First Lady not as an enigmatic glamour icon , but as a flesh-and-blood woman grieving her husband - as well the end of her fairy-tale Camelot life .
A well-conceived intimate portrait of the widow First Lady , Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy -LRB- Natalie Portman -RRB- .
Pablo Larraín 's film bluntly hammers home the notion that history is framed by perception rather than reality .
I happen to find the result intrusive , presumptuous , and often absurd , but , for anyone who thinks that all formality is a front , and that the only point of a façade is that it should crack , `` Jackie '' delivers a gratifying thrill .
A film that manages to circumvent the conventions of biopics and common historical films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is real grace , sorrow , and beauty to Jackie , and it is a rich and rewarding cinematic experience .
A biographical film that tries to break the mold and play with the pieces , where Jackie 's troubled face is the perfect complement of Larraín 's aesthetic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though the unconventional biopic does not often spring to life , Natalie Portman 's awards-worthy performance must be seen .
It is both the Oscar bait drama we thought it would be and yet fuller , richer due to Larrain 's direction and Portman 's vivid , unforgettable performance .
When it comes to making films that work as much for the sake of artistic expression as for capturing a moment in history , there 's little question Jackie might be one of the finest pieces of cinematic storytelling we see this year .
Every scene is kind of perfectly-honed .
Rarely has a picture about events 50 plus years in the past felt so immediate and bruising .
A biopic that breaks the barriers and conventions of the genre , Pablo Larrain 's `` Jackie '' layers itself as a deeply felt drama masquerading as a new form horror venture .
The film is fascinatingly moribund , more meditation than narrative , a sort of monument to a singular act of public and private mourning .
Jackie -LSB- delivers -RSB- a way for Portman to give one of the best performances of her career , maybe her best performance .
Natalie Portman gives a tour de force with her performance , that will possibly make her win another Oscar . Nevertheless , I believe that the movie suffers from the film festival hype . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Her elegance , pedigree , and fame made her seem the most remote of figures , but for just over 90 minutes , ` Jackie ' seems to exist alongside her . It 's an electrifying and unexpected piece of work .
While it 's certainly of interest , this predictably grim , grainy , gloomy movie only periodically splutters into life .
Good enough to make Portman this year 's best actress Oscar front-runner .
Jackie is Natalie Portman 's show , and she never wastes an opportunity to dazzle as JFK 's glamorous grieving widow .
It 's unorthodox but good approach to telling her story .
It 's an intellectual experience rather than an emotional one , but the ideas in play are so heady they 're enough to sweep you away on their own .
Eclipsing her work in Black Swan , Portman flutters like a sail in a brisk wind . She is scattered , tense , wrecked and compellingly defiant in the face of those who would have her act a certain way .
Natalie Portman is wondrously good in this part : surely her best and an Oscar contender .
It 's a singular vision from an uncompromising director that just so happens to be about one of the most famous women in American history .
Instead of observing its historical subject from behind a glass case , Jackie offers a piercing portrait of a woman 's psychological and emotional journey .
Larraín does n't see a hero or a victim in Jackie Kennedy but a person , and with the aid of Portman 's astonishing performance , we feel like we come to some truths about her even if those truths are n't the pretty picture of Camelot .
There is much to like about Jackie , from the pitch-perfect period detail to Noah Oppenheim 's inspired script , but it 's Portman 's portrait of grief that will linger long after the credits roll .
Extraordinary in its piercing intimacy and lacerating in its sorrow .
It 's a character study that projects its subject 's inner turmoil onto the whole map of the movie . A final cliché : it 's as if we 're inside Jackie 's head . It 's a thrill to have Portman give us a tour .
Jackie is Larrain 's first foray into English-language film and his first attempt to tackle non-Chilean political issues . The result is supremely accomplished and fascinating .
`` Devastatingly human . ''
An elegant , highly intelligent attempt to humanise a legend - while showing its subject 's acute awareness of what it means to become a legend .
A strange , refreshingly cynical , and unexpectedly cerebral account of former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy 's actions in the immediate aftermath of John F. Kennedy 's assassination in 1963 .
Chilean helmer Pablo Larraín makes an extraordinary English-lingo debut with this daring , many-leveled portrait of history 's favorite First Lady .

@highlight

Jackie offers an alluring peek into a beloved American public figure 's private world -- and an enthralling starring performance from Natalie Portman in the bargain .