Witty , macabre and funny , The Guard is a well-paced , well-acted movie that should not be missed if you 're a fan of crime comedies .
Much like its protagonist , the film appears to enjoy taking the piss out of its audience , giving them a cynical yet cheeky neo-noir that tweaks the usual conventions and comes up with a story that may be familiar , but is told in fresh fashion .
The Guard can sometimes be a touch too clever for its own good such as when the villains discuss their favourite philosophers but quality acting keeps things the right side of quirky .
Following a surprisingly conventional climax , `` The Guard '' concludes in an open-ended fashion .
To paraphrase Nigel Terry in `` The Lion in Winter , '' `` The Guard '' is a stinker and it stinks .
An ode to shabby nobility much stranger and sadder than expected .
Gleeson and writer-director John Michael McDonagh are in lock step in characterizing the decidedly unorthodox Gerry Boyle .
A laugh-out-loud comedy as hard as `` The French Connection , '' a modern spaghetti Western on the windswept wastes of Ireland . ''
This film belongs to Gleeson - he seems to have effortlessly conjured up a complex and charismatic mix of world-weariness and caring , all wrapped up in that enigmatic Irish charm .
John Michael McDonagh is having a lot of fun deconstructing the cop procedural in The Guard , because almost nothing goes as planned and everything has a satirical bent . It is a very funny black comedy with a stylish palette .
An impressive performance by Brendan Gleeson as an eccentric , independent and surly cop in a small Irish seaside town .
Self-conscious gestures in the direction of fish-out-of-water comedies , buddy-cop movies and Westerns do n't amount to much in and of themselves , but they tie together as a functional clothesline for character comedy ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
The Guard offers an offbeat take on a genre without skimping on the violence or gunplay .
Gleeson 's enigmatic character : really smart or really dumb ?
Despite its flaws it remains entertaining , good for a few laughs .
This impressive directing debut is a well acted , caustically funny Irish thriller , a classic fish out of water comedy
For all of its seeming conventions , this surprisingly plot-heavy character drama is a wonderfully UNconventional cops-and-robbers picture .
McDonagh 's older brother John Michael McDonagh has done him one better with the awesome new The Guard .
Has the promised elements -- though the action is n't very over-the-top -- but it has an inner depth that is n't normally found in films of its supposed type .
The film 's more interested in spending quality time with this unlikely pair than solving crimes . Thanks to McDonagh 's sparkling script and some charming central performances , you will be too .
It 's not exactly Ireland 's answer to Hot Fuzz , -LSB- but -RSB- the film is a darkly humorous take on the buddy cop genre that fans of the British comedy will enjoy .
The Guard is raw , modest and charming - maybe the only movie possessing all three characteristics .
Writer-director John Michael McDonagh 's film plays like a cynical , foul-mouthed version of `` In the Heat of the Night . ''
Amusingly subversive , it 's filled with nasty , impudent Irish humor .
The Guard is a vulgar , Irish treat . While many movies recently have ended with contrivance and disappointment , McDonagh 's ending is satisfying . And his choice of the last song is ideal . But the dialogue of The Guard still is a puzzlement to me . WTF ?
The Guard is terrific entertainment , and I ca n't wait to re-watch it on Blu-ray , when I can turn on the subtitles and catch the handful of lines I could n't locate under those thick brogues .
Funny and entertaining from first moment to last ...
The ambiguous ending raises a smile rather than a frown , and leaves one hoping that the McDonagh brothers will continue to find charismatic and interesting roles for Brendan Gleeson in films to come .
It takes a special skill to make this sort of complex schematic coherent , and , the attractive performances aside , it does n't always work here .
An Irish black comedy with thrills to go along with its un-PC laughs , The Guard features a cracking turn from Brendan Gleeson and a witty script from writer/director John Michael McDonagh .
The Guard is the sort of movie that makes you smile and squirm , often within the confines of the same scene . It 's certainly engaging , though many times I felt the film 's stylistic choices overwhelmed its sense of itself .
Brendan Gleeson 's performance in The Guard will be remembered as one of the best of 2011 .
If you like your cops and robbers stories laced with Irish humour , you 'll want to see The Guard , a film that blends crime and blarney in equal measure .
Although The Guard is primarily a language romp , it 's also a terrific showcase for veteran pug-faced character actor Brendan Gleeson .
Brendan Gleeson is a blooming marvel .
The film is foul-mouthed and not without its flourishes of violence but it 's irresistibly likeable -LRB- and unpredictable -RRB- .
Boyle is probably the first screen hero in a long time whose heroism comes out of boredom and ennui . He gives nihilism a good name .
Augmenting a smart , witty screenplay is magnificent Scope camerawork by Larry Smith , using beautiful locations around the west coast of Ireland .
A shifty , cunning and gloriously off-kilter affair .
It 's a good thing the two main characters are played by actors who can make these shifts in tone work otherwise this could have been one big mess
Driven by pitch-perfect performances and a darkly humoured script , this ends up an hysterically funny and immensely enjoyable romp .
Delightfully dark , The Guard is the latest buddy comedy classic , and a must-see for fans of Hot Fuzz and In Bruges .
The film falters when it gets into the somber philosophising that was done so much better in -LSB- Martin McDonough 's -RSB- In Bruges . Still , that movie was primarily a drama , and this one is absolutely a comedy . One of the funniest of the year , no question .
Gleeson is perhaps the only true reason to sit through The Guard , a satisfactory yet oddly monotonous police adventure in dire need of the actor 's perfectly timed delivery .
The Guard is certainly good for a laugh or two , but those that are claiming it to be funnier than In Bruges are claiming things that are n't true .
Gleeson 's Boyle constantly wrong-foots those around him . He has no time for political correctness , yet it 's his mealy-mouthed PC-Plod colleagues who are the real racists ... McDonagh 's film shares his jaunty irreverance .
Great fun when taken in the right spirit , which would be Old Paddy with a Guinness chaser .
We are never in doubt that it 's a comedy , but there are some fairly serious matters and a surprising amount of dramatic action
It is the characterisations and their actions that catch us off guard in this nicely written and played film whose genres blend as comfortably as the characters
Crisp , acid-tongued and sharply acted , it 's the sort of exercise in tangy Celtic cynicism that 's become one of the Emerald Isle 's most reliable imports .
There are few things finer in cinema than Brendan Gleeson 's fat , happy face .
McDonagh 's script is agile , darting between the ridiculous , the sage and the surprisingly sentimental . His love of language and the absurd has hints of the wisecracking Quentin Tarantino . But the story is decidedly more rooted in Ireland 's loamy turf .
Gleeson is triumphant in this portrait of a complex man who is concurrently sensitive , boorish , brilliant , singular , and unforgettable .
Like bacon , Brendan Gleeson makes everything taste better .
The Guard , like its unconventional hero , is a true original .
Spiteful , ironic and human in turn , The Guard is an entertainment that makes most of the year 's American comedies look impoverished , and in Gleeson it has a palpable star .
`` The Guard '' is violent , profane and funny .
The reasons it 's worth seeing are Gleeson 's impish performance and the sparkling dialogue , which marries Irish blarney to Tarantino-lite philiosophising .
There is something smug and roguish-by-rote about the usual Gleeson performance . Yet who else could play this protagonist ?
The always-unbeatable Gleeson is on simply outstanding form , conjuring a character both dignified and ridiculous , heroic and hardly bothered .
`` The Guard '' is not the most original buddy-cop movie you 'll see , but it well may be one of the most entertaining .
Assured and well-written , it may totter uncertainly in the third act but it 's a pleasure to listen to a script with such an ear for shocking insult and knowing offence .
Offering shades of Sidney Poitier 's In The Heat of the Night , The Guard is a good character study with an above average script .
The funniest action comedy for a long time .
There are n't a whole lot of leading roles out there for guys that look like a 56-year-old version of me . So there should be no wonder why I like the guy and want to see him do well .
A hugely entertaining but frustratingly disorganised film , packed with priceless moments which never quite coalesce into a rewarding whole .
It may be well-worn territory , but thanks to the awards-worthy leading performance from Brendan Gleeson and a sharp , witty script , The Guard is a winner .
It 's great to watch Brendan Gleeson have his fun at the expense of all the other characters .
Among the most purely entertaining films of the year , which cuts its laughter with a dose of Celtic melancholy .
While the film treads close to caricature at times , with standard-issue country cop vs. city cop conflicts , and a trio of self-consciously quirky baddies , McDonagh 's wildly inventive writing compensates for any boilerplate aspects in the plot .
Brendan Gleeson is always worth seeing , but there are much better places to see him .
`` The Guard '' himself may be no angel , but his movie is a wee slice of heaven .
The film has visual and verbal flair , spry energy and deep wit . In a year of not-so-funny films and dull crime stories , keep an eye out for `` The Guard . ''
Like an Irish version of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' the profane and frequently hilarious `` The Guard '' watches the sparks fly as a smart African-American detective teams up with an unapologetically racist County Galway policeman .
Rich with inspired musings on pop culture , literature , philosophy , race , sex .
Wickedly funny and irreverent . The best dark comedy since In Bruges . It will leave you in stitches .
It belongs to Gleeson , whose thickly accented growl lends a lyrical quality to McDonagh 's wordplay in one of the year 's funniest and most spirited offerings .
Patrolling the dark/light divide so confidently even the IRA nab legitimate laughs , The Guard is a cracker of a film and Sergeant Gerry Boyle a comedy creation for the ages .
... screenplay combines the overall drama of finding the smugglers and stopping them with some very wry humor , mostly from Gleeson , with his irreverence toward any authority .
The film is entertaining , surprising and Gleeson is once again on top of his game . If only director McDonagh had made some room for Cheadle and Mark Strong to shine as well .
Irish noir ` Guard ' is one to watch .
McDonagh 's pithy dialogue sparkles like pixie dust . And yes , everything sounds better in brogue .
This black comedy needed to be a whole lot blacker and funnier .
Brendan Gleeson , as beefily Irish an actor as anyone since Victor McLaglen , is always believable and frequently hilarious .
What could have been a clichéd oil-and-water buddy movie in a lesser writer 's hands feels organic and genuine .
When it 's over it evaporates , leaving only the acrid smoke of its dialogue and the memory of Gleeson reducing lesser mortals to cinders .
Gleefully , hilariously profane and proud of it .
`` The Guard '' is a pleasure . I ca n't tell if it 's really -LRB- bleeping -RRB- dumb or really -LRB- bleeping -RRB- smart , but it 's pretty -LRB- bleeping -RRB- good .
McDonagh 's Connacht-set cop story would be too clever by half if not for Brendan Gleeson 's canny performance .
McDonaugh 's reflective script and darker tone separates it from the usual pacing of the standard cop film .
Joins a growing list of darkly witty contemporary Irish gangster movies ... Gleeson never seems to run out of ways to surprise an audience .
A nifty little Irish summer vacation .
If you can imagine the whimsicality of `` Local Hero '' crossed with the dark , British Isle ruralness of the `` Red Riding '' trilogy if its criminal elements had immigrated from `` Fargo , '' you 'll have an idea of McDonagh 's deft tonal touch .
This thing is so confident , so very well-constructed , and it goes down smooth from the very first frame to its absolutely perfect final shot .
The range of personalities and fine casting choices helps distract from a less than thrilling central mystery
This movie made me smile and even laugh out loud . In fact , it gave me more pleasure than any aliens , robots or superheroes have all summer . That 's because it 's doggedly offbeat and completely original ...
If the movie 's mix of nihilistic violence and snarky attitude suggests In Bruges , it 's a family resemblance .
`` The Guard , '' alas , is just as flawed as Gerry . But occasionally - when Gleeson or Cheadle or Flanagan is on screen - it 's nice to pretend it is n't .
McDonagh indulges in too many '90s affectations , from blaring chapter titles to philosophizing gangsters . But he captures his misty setting 's insular atmosphere beautifully .
McDonagh is your man when it comes to cruelly funny dialogue , and Gleeson makes it sing and sting .
An impish and impudent black comedy that knows where it 's going and how to get there , it gives veteran actor Brendan Gleeson one of the tastiest roles of his career and introduces a gifted writer-director with a familiar family name .
Mr. Gleeson 's rogue is a treat , however conceptually contrived , and Mr. Cheadle 's lightly played gravity is a pleasure .
A brisk , engaging , if ultimately inconsequential oddball police procedural .
From its assaultive , nihilistic prologue to its last flat invocation of American culture , The Guard foregrounds the extent to which it is leaning on artifice and affect to get over .
... icepick-sharp humor that 's as vicious as it is deadpan .
Only Boyle 's unstoppable tendency to mouth off sustains the routine plot , but McDonagh pushes the limits of what he can make Gleeson say without making the crude nature of his asides overwhelm their comic potential .
Filmmaker John Michael McDonagh proves his talent for casting with his first feature , the lively , often funny , always thrilling Irish crime comedy The Guard .
Though Cheadle is good as a man pushed to his breaking point at every moment , the movie belongs to Gleeson , who keeps his character enigmatic even while engaging in every possible act of slovenly excess and gross negligence .
Don Cheadle , as an FBI agent trying to stop a drug ring , makes the perfect foil .
This is a very Irish , very McDonagh , very Gleeson production , with the requisite amount of cheerfully abrasive humor and mayhem .
In a cinema world so awash in either corporate flatness or high-art pretension , `` The Guard '' is a proud , foul-mouthed exception .
As Cheadle drifts around a vaguely thought-through role , The Guard bets everything on Gleeson 's boyish twinkle -- and tends to overestimate its own raffish charm .
-LSB- Gleeson -RSB- is both the comic center and the melancholy heart of a film that 's content to put its sprawl of engaging characters above their meandering trail of misdeeds .
Scabrous , profane , violent , verbally adroit and often hilarious , this twisted and exceptionally accomplished variation on the buddy-cop format is capped by a protean performance from Brendan Gleeson .
Rudely funny and faintly melancholic ... screenwriter John Michael McDonagh 's directorial debut is a stylish lark whose many disparate elements somehow manage to go down as smoothly as Guinness .
John Michael McDonagh 's droll debut feature makes an ideal vehicle for Brendan Gleeson as an eccentric cop battling drug dealers in the west of Ireland .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- With a pinch of `` Trainspotting '' irreverence and a dose of `` Pulp Fiction '' social satire , debut director John Michael McDonagh cobbles together a lilting black comedy set in the Gaelic region of County Galway .
Gleeson and Cheadle are a pair of sharply matched pros who pour their heart into a narrow range of riffs and mannerisms that take the place of character and thought .
After the screening of The Guard , a retired British schoolmarm from Leicestershire , who stays with me annually whether I desire it or not , noted , ` What a joy ! How refreshing ! Do you think it will be a success ? '
Don Cheadle is Brendan Gleeson 's ideal fish-out-of-water foil .
Brendan Gleeson 's inevitable march towards Oscar 's podium has taken a few great big f *** ing leaps forward thanks to John Michael McDonagh 's foul-mouthed , feisty , utterly lovable small-town caper , The Guard .
Impressively directed and sharply written , this is an engaging and frequently very funny comedy-thriller with a terrific central performance from Brendan Gleeson .
McDonagh takes what could be a hackneyed tale of mismatched buddy cops and spins it to blisteringly funny effect .
McDonagh 's direction is smooth , but it 's his writing that carries the day , treating genre elements with both seriousness and subversive humor .
We 're never quite sure if our hero is the smartest man in the room , or a disgusting racist with a Clouseau-esque knack for careening into victory .
A side-splitting tour de force for Brendan Gleeson , who 's award worthy . If you enjoyed IN BRUGES , THE GUARD is the film for you !
`` The Guard '' is a fish-out-of-water story , an upside-down Irish Western , a crime drama , a diabolically self-aware comedy and a marvelously acted character study .
It seems unlikely anyone but Brendan Gleeson could pull off a character like Sgt. Gerry Boyle and keep the crowd on his side .

@highlight

A violent , crackerjack comedy with a strong Irish flavor and an emminently likable Brendan Gleeson in the main role .