The result feels schizophrenic : The Spy Who Came In From The Cold Remedy .
An offensively condescending tourist 's eye
A sad , taut , and excellent global mystery .
Fernando Meirelles , codirector of City of God , stresses old-fashioned storytelling and takes full advantage of his cast , including Danny Huston .
What it adds up to is a good yarn that uses real political concerns to make itself look beefier than the average Hollywood thriller .
Mr. Fiennes , drawing his lips inward and adding just a slight quaver to his voice , gives his finest performance in almost a decade .
a deeply intelligent and profoundly moral examination of a world where the political and the personal can not ever be kept apart .
Elaborate , cynical , ambitious , eager , visually arresting , the film wants it all and gives plenty .
The pornography of Third World damage and suffering for the popcorn munching voyeuristic entertainment of more economically cozy moviegoers .
While le Carre 's narrative returns an unequivocal guilty verdict on the drug companies , the jury on Meirelles 's storytelling abilities remains hung .
The Constant Gardener '' has strengths that are n't apparent until the final credits start rolling .
Fiennes does a brilliant job of communicating his character 's inner turmoil through subtle facial expressions and inflections of his voice .
click to read full review -LSB- Greek -RSB-
Admirably composed , even if it ultimately feels a bit of a shame that it all has to come down to good guys and bad guys .
Serious , topical filmmaking of a very high order .
It 's the artiest conspiracy theory movie in a while , not too pulpy or too auteurish , but just right .
Interesting but flawed examination of multinational corporation criminality
A timely , daring movie that skillfully weaves the corruption of big government and drugs -- the pharmaceutical sort -- deep into its equation .
Fiennes and Weisz , who have worked together before in Istvan Szabo 's Sunshine , make a glamorous pair . And while this may not have been the effect le Carre was after , it does no lasting damage to his theme .
This multi-faceted masterpiece works successfully on more levels than any ten remakes or sequels pumped out of the habitual humdrum Hollywood hit machine .
Finding love in the world 's deadliest laboratory
taut , intelligent thriller that delves into the motives , good and bad , that fuel human passions or the lack thereof
Beyond the superb and elegant performances depicting a complex and real relationship between a husband and wife , Gardener stands out because its backdrop is Africa .
I do n't remember being thrilled even once .
... Ralph Fiennes gives one of the year 's subtlest , yet most exciting , screen performances ...
El Jardinero Fiel es una de esas películas que importan más que nada por su tema -LRB- ... -RRB-
It takes the guise of a political thriller about a murderous international conspiracy , but it is really a love story .
-LSB- A -RSB- haunting and highly-intelligent thriller .
There is a terrific pulse of energy in this film , a voltage which drives it over two hours .
The film is able to be a thriller , a political statement and a haunting romance all at once .
Meirelles ' handling and the performances of Fiennes , Weisz , and Postelthwaite keep it from being little more than a propaganda exercise .
A lot of righteous finger wagging along the way but many punches are pulled . More stylistic bark than substantive bite .
A dense and absorbing political story with elements of conspiracy , mystery , murder and romance .
THE CONSTANT GARDENER packs a real wallop in its study of the interconnections of global business , international medicine , and government . A film that has solid and relevant content , a good romance , and is still a good story is very rare . This is one of t
It 's a sign of the competence of everyone involved that The Constant Gardener never feels hectoring or self-righteous .
Weisz delivers what is perhaps her best screen performance to date ; her relationship with Fiennes is complex and genuinely affecting .
This haunting film will linger with you as a portrait of love lost and found .
Meirelles is n't interested in either character or suspense . He 's interested in political issues and the scenery .
Um dos melhores filmes do ano , O Jardineiro Fiel é , também , um dos mais importantes .
The political ambitions of le Carré and ... Meirelles are quite insistent , but the story feels like a story , not like the truth-it 's both far-fetched and predictable .
-LSB- Novelist John -RSB- Le Carre pens intelligent thrillers and , when tackled by the right director , they translate to intelligent films , like this one .
I 'm not sure if it 's just luck or if Le Carre has had a hand in it himself , but every author should be as lucky as he has been with movie versions of their novels .
Fiennes carries Le Carré 's spirit with a slow-burning performance that operates on two fronts : As a powerful indictment of third-world abuses by pharmaceutical companies , and as a widower 's moving investigation into his shattered relationship .
Meirelles 's technique -- bravura camerawork coupled with crisscross editing -- makes what might have been a straightforward political thriller his own .
A somber , angry , cynical , slow burn of a political potboiler that is also , against all odds , an effectively moving love story .
Strong performances highlight an uneven film .
... -LSB- an -RSB- astoundingly gripping conspiracy thriller ... there is an unblinking complexity about the socio-political climate that smothers this fetching African campus
The Constant Gardener is a rare murder mystery in which the victim is more than a body and the mystery is less who killed her than who she was when she was alive .
Mixing love and loss with conspiracy and commerce , The Constant Gardener is in the running to be one of 2005 's best films .
What 's most startling about the movie is the gale force of its love story .
A brisk , galvanizing journey through the political thicket in Africa , -LRB- it -RRB- positions Meirelles as a leading director of electrically charged dramas with social consciences .
Peel away the melodramatic posturing and the stylistic overkill , and the African poetry proves stunning and very hard to shake .
The Constant Gardener is a scathing political thriller filled with terrific ensemble performances directed by one of cinema 's most innovative filmmakers .
If Meirelles ' style were any murkier , audiences would have to bring flashlights and a shovel .
As -LRB- Fiennes -RRB- straps on toughness , courage and understanding , he is also molding one of his finest performances .
Meirelles paints the squalor and misery of rural East Africa on a striking canvas - sometimes to the disservice of what he wants his film to tell us .
As a cinematic work of art , Gardener is one of the best films in this -LRB- so far -RRB- bleakest of years .
There are lots of twists and complications , but , even if you do n't figure them out exactly , the template is so standard that you 'll know what sort of twist to expect .
It would be nice to see Meirelles apply himself to looser , earthier , fleshier films in the future .
The Constant Gardener starts out a routine murder mystery , but like all the best mysteries , turn into something quite a bit more significant before it 's done with us .
A slow , plodding film that never satisfies until the end when all the pieces fit together
Greed , corruption and murder conspire to make The Constant Gardener an unusually intelligent thriller .
Not only preserves the book 's flaws but has added to them ... the combination of drama and soap box proves an uneasy , and ultimately unsuccessful , one .
This is one of those rare movies that feels genuinely alive ; it 's about something substantial and there was n't a moment when I was n't involved .
Directed with signature smart ferocity by Fernando Meirelles .
Meirelles continues to distinguish himself as a director and notches another beautifully shot film .
Canny and well-crafted .
`` The Constant Gardener '' fairly blooms with award potential in a lush , serious romance that 's also a political thriller .
Meirelles has performed a minor miracle . He 's made a film that introduces us to a little-known world , which hums with suspense , and which celebrates the power of love . And he has created something that is irresistible .
Fiennes is perfect as the straightbacked British functionary ; Weisz excellent as his wife and political opposite whose heart is in the right place , even as some of her actions embarrass him .
Fiennes does more with silence than almost any actor I 've ever seen . An early scene where he learns of his wife 's death is stunning , the emotions passing through him as he slowly waters the plants in his office as multifaceted and profound ...
Meirelles captures the beauty of Africa as well as the quagmire that is African politics - hitting the right sympathetic notes without getting too bogged down in controversy .
... a visually intelligent and textured film that touches on the residual shame of colonialism , the inherent amorality of global capitalism and the indestructibility of love .
Take rock-solid international talents , add a healthy dose of cash , plant in a sublime location , and soon you 'll have the bloom that is The Constant Gardner , the smartest thriller in recent memory .
While Gardener really wants to come off as daring and politically aware , at its heart it 's a mystery and love story , and it succeeds on both of those counts .
The Constant Gardener helps end a truly scary summer -LRB- worldwide -RRB- with a grandious blunt show of the magic of film and its power ...
A disappointment , but only because we know the director is capable of so much more .
Rises to a pitch of terror and outrage that leaves one shaken .
The film is engaging , still it never connects with much more than a curiosity . The emotions run , but not deep .
The Constant Gardener can boast of prime cinematography , an engaging and multi-layered storyline , and a handsome , controlled performance by Ralph Fiennes .
it 's one of those movies you should n't see if you loved Deuce Bigalow : European Gigolo .
A solid Gardener . Political thriller intriguing .
The odd-couple melding is n't without a crack or two ... Still , at the film 's -LRB- considerable -RRB- best , the contrasting styles of the novelist and the director dovetail beautifully .
Ultimately , it offers reassurance that the rat-infested system does n't need to be smashed , only cleansed .
Patience pays off in this immensely satisfying , rapturously urgent thriller-romance . Fernando Meirelles breaks from traditional trappings for one of the year 's best movies .
Drug company execs will probably say Carrot Top 's Chairman of the Board was better made , but The Constant Gardner definitely has the Oscar formula down .
-LSB- Fiennes and Weisz -RSB- turn the movie from a conventional political tract to an emotional rite of discovery .
A gorgeous , often gorgeously brutal film with great performances from a talented cast , a genuinely urgent and relevant subject and a director capable of astonishing artistry .
As its taciturn title might suggest , The Constant Gardener could have used a major injection of forcefulness .
It 's interesting and absorbing enough that I ca n't call it a failure , but it does n't cohere enough to qualify as a success .
Solid old-fashioned thriller that is a murder mystery , a love story and a social conscious tale all rolled into one .
A spectacular oasis in a desert of summer disappointment , The Constant Gardener blooms with a tragic , bittersweet beauty that should make it an early Oscar contender .
Meirelles clearly trusts his actors , particularly Fiennes and Weisz : The plot of The Constant Gardener is fairly intricate , but in the end , the story is told mostly in their faces .
The Constant Gardener is beautifully structured , an artful mix of forward motion and flashbacks .
The director 's fluttering hand keeps the ground constantly shifting beneath our feet , which is just what this beautifully wrenching adaptation for the screen requires .
A political drama that assumes you 'll be able to keep up .
Smart , well-crafted and satisfying .
An engrossing , intelligent , emotionally powerful and mostly well-acted adaptation of a thriller by John Le Carré that works as both a nail-biting adventure and a sobering lesson on the ongoing apocalypse of the continent .
The filmmakers ' extra effort to ensure authenticity results in that rare feature film that informs as well as entertains .
Noble intentions and some lovely performances ... too bad the director keeps getting in their way .
The filmmaker 's assurance and vision in reimagining the novel are downright inspiring .
If the personal story works better , though , it 's partly to default : As a political thriller , Gardener has a few holes .
Viewers who like real-world issues interwoven with their fiction -- much in the style of author John Le Carré , whose novel is the basis for this movie -- should find plenty to chew on .
An intriguing thriller for grown ups .
At least the folks who made this visually striking , sometimes heartrending , swift and tense adaptation of John le Carre 's novel try to say something significant about the current state of the developing world .
The Constant Gardener is a powerhouse film that can not possibly escape Oscar recognition in almost every major category from direction to performance .
The Constant Gardener does n't self-destruct , implode or fall to pieces the way other movies do when they end badly . It just loses its form and drifts away .
A character-driven drama of actual import that delivers a message and dramatic punch , but with a visual edginess and narrative ingenuity that is in the service of the story , as opposed to the filmmaker 's cleverness .
The Constant Gardener manages to fight through its own pretensions to deliver a tale you care about , featuring characters you care for .
Fiennes gives perhaps the most emotionally rich performance of his career .
They compel us to care about impoverished women used to test dangerous drugs , about doctors and preachers and reporters who fight an uphill battle for them , even about introverted Justin , a civil servant who resorts to desperately uncivil behavior .
If it sends audiences home to log on to the Amnesty International website , terrific -- but that still does n't make it a very good movie .
A film that grips us dramatically , intellectually and emotionally .
Fernando Meirelles 's excellent adaptation of the novel by John le Carré is likely to linger in your mind and may even trouble your conscience .
A slick , fast-paced production with first-rate performances and an emotional punch you wo n't soon forget .
The film has a dimension and depth that suggests it 's , once again , that time of year when it is safe for adults to return to the cineplex .
This is not a movie that will shock you or thrill you or rock your world . Instead , it will move you , it will stick with you , it will give you pause and effect you in ways not easily described -- which is something the best films always do .
Yes , the cast is certainly seductive , and the direction often beguiling , yet ultimately we 're left with a distinct sense of abandonment , of a story insufficiently told .
Simply befuddling .
The Constant Gardener is more like walking past a series of paintings than watching a movie . You can admire the skill that went into work , but it never carries you along .
awell-acted film with an impressive literary pedigree , but it 's Meirelles and his directorial style who really makes the film into something special .
This is one of the year 's best films .
A sweaty , vital masterpiece that 's always one step ahead of its audience .
It harkens back to an era when movies about socially relevant causes came without irony and with the conviction that wide exposure could bring about needed changes . In other words , this is n't your usual multiplex offering .
While not nearly as kinetic as City of God , the film shares its grainy , blown-out look -LRB- both were shot by cinematographer Cesar Charlone -RRB- , and in its own quiet way , is just as explosive .
A masterwork of suspense , romance and political intrigue . It is a taut and gripping thriller that dazzles the eyes and engages the brain in a way that few recent films have come close to approaching .
The Constant Gardener is one of the great films of the year .
It is comforting to know that , in his tireless commitment to doing Chekhov and Ibsen on the London stage , Fiennes has n't forgotten how to be a movie star .
The Constant Gardener is the latest movie to try and take a grown-up look at government trickery and subterfuge , and it 's the best since 2001 's The Tailor of Panama .
It 's smart , sexy , allusive , fresh and real , getting under the skin like a fever dream . No fictional feature this year has been so grown-up , so provocative , so assured , so good .
Its creeping pace will bore many viewers , but it 'll inspire more than a few to march in the streets .
Fiennes , giving one of his finest screen performances ever , beautifully illustrates every step of Justin 's journey ... a fine thriller -LRB- and -RRB- a genuine heartbreaker as well .
The outcome seems rushed and predestined , rather than exposed .
The personal and the global are at frustrating odds ...
Like The Insider , from a few years back , Gardener is a thriller of the conscience ...
Fiennes alone drums up enough support to keep viewers from leaving the theater , but Meirelles ca n't find a decent pace for the overall film .
Under the weight of its own self-imposed expectations , Gardener can not help but fall short on many counts , particularly its emotional connection .
Places us within the mindset of love lost which then provides us the motives to direct our outrage at the pencil pushers who are responsible .
The Constant Gardener is a thriller with plenty on its mind . It leaves us wondering how well we know the world around us , not to mention the people we love . It 's appropriately unsettling .
... this film has more texture and depth and righteous anger and genuine emotion than any Big Hollywood Movie released so far this year .
Even if it does n't run entirely smoothly , The Constant Gardener carries a nobility in its purpose that 's worthy of attention .
A preachy but gripping socio-political thriller ... directed by Fernando Meirelles with the same unblinking , sweaty , ground-level grittiness he brought to City of God .
Unbalanced ... disingenuous ... cares no more about Africa than do the story 's evil villains at a make-believe drug company .
Meirelles ... takes the same street-level viewpoint of -LSB- City of God -RSB- to the impoverished , HIV-stricken population of Kenya 's slums and villages .
A wildly determined piece of cinema , Gardener ultimately takes on way too much and topples , though very admirably .
Fiennes has seldom been better , but then has he ever been bad ? He 's indeed our Montgomery Clift for this new millennium : sensitive , moral , and yet strong .
It might inspire you to haul out those garden spades and get digging .
A complex , timely tale that spurs you into conversation at its conclusion .
-LSB- Fiennes -RSB- gives an Oscar-worthy portrayal , holding us with his quivering half-smile and his wounded eyes .
This is an extremely well made movie , and despite it 's ham-handed politics , is well worth a look-see .
For an English-language movie with recognizable stars , its measure of social maturity can be startling , but it 's also a bristling demonstration of the formal difficulty of liberal narrative , and of ambitious third-world tourist-cinema .
The Constant Gardener is a masterful mixture of suspense , Third World strife and a heartfelt love story for the ages .
Stunning cinematography ... propulsive narrative momentum and solid characterizations
City of God director Fernando Meirelles invests Le Carré 's political thriller with a moving story of love lost , then most profoundly found .
A gripping thriller , an unbelievably romantic love story , and a biting political take-down of pharmaceutical corporations that have Godlike power over life and death .
The Constant Gardener is a movie with something to say , and it speaks its message loudly and with eloquence .
The fact that none of the above is satisfactorily answered , and that we nevertheless emerge from the movie feeling nourished and stirred , is a tribute to Meirelles and , of course , to le Carré .
People murdered in Africa , a plague on the way and large corporations behaving badly . Tea at the British embassy , anyone ?
It is a complex story and it 's the kind of thing where afterward , you really want to think about this movie and talk about it .
A gloriously rich cinematic experience -LSB- that -RSB- combines an intelligent script with awards-worthy performances and innovative direction .
A bit staid in its thriller mechanics ... -LSB- but -RSB- engaging in its drama , amusing in its fragments of bone-dry wit , and suspenseful in its dual mystery .
A triumph of style over storytelling .
Human indignation and social intent run throughout , and the heart is in the right place , but that does not spark the creature to life .
Rich , eloquent and purposeful .
Well-crafted and sufficiently disturbing .
One of the most gripping and powerfully moving thrillers in memory ; absolutely everything about this film works .
-LSB- Rachel Weisz -RSB- gives what is easily her best performance to date
Romantic , sure , and it would have been without sinking the Titanic .
Fiennes cries -LRB- again -RRB- playing a boob diplomat with a wife who is jeopardizing his career and her life . You wo n't care .
A smart , beautiful piece of storytelling .
There is , I realize , always the chance that such a serious , it 's - good-for-you description makes The Constant Gardener sound like a lemonade glass of medicine . It 's not .
A gripping thriller that exposes the shadowy parameters of a war against the poor and the powerless that is animated by corporate greed and political amorality .
An unusual love story that deals with complex issues , both personal and socio-political .
Even though a counter factual premise diminishes its point , it 's still an interesting and entertaining mystery , despite a 129 minute running time .
Timely and trenchant , it 's a suspenseful , intelligent , provacative thriller , relentlessly delving into resonant , relevant issues .
While it runs too long at parts and may not be accessible to the average moviegoer , it 's a testament to love and the way it can change the world .
Muckrakes through Big Pharma 's soil . If you hated Vioxx , you 'll like this one .
Topically urgent and ripe with outrage over the myriad injustices visited upon the African poor .
Director Fernando Meirelles gives a Third World p.o.v. to John le Carre 's often talky , Euro-centric tale of betrayal , venality and corporate malfeasance .
Though not as preposterously enraged as The Interpreter , the film still chooses to fan the flames of liberal guilt from a safe distance .
Prepare for a thrilling ride .
There 's much to absorb here , all played out against a teeming canvas of human turmoil , in a blistering human drama that is positively electrifying .
A rarity this summer , a smart , gripping thriller that takes politics seriously and is also effective as a personal love story , with top notch Fiennes and Weisz in the leads
If this film serves as a model , translation to film should do wonders to enhance le Carré 's appeal .





@highlight

The Constant Gardener is a smart , gripping , and suspenseful thriller with rich performances from the leads .