Funny , bittersweet , its understatement yielding surprising depth charges , Broken Flowers is a triumph of close observation and telling details .
... Broken Flowers , coming from a postcode of its own , does n't quite deliver .
Murray shows us that what was behind his early-period jaded-hipster shtick was a melancholy and fearful man .
Many will relish Broken Flowers ' refusal to serve up a resolution ; others will find it frustrating . Inevitably , that 's Jarmusch : like Murray 's character journey , the rewards lie in the small moments that fade as much as the ones that linger .
Insightful , entertaining , and a worthy addition to the filmography of one of America 's more interesting modern directors .
Throbs with compressed emotion
Murray 's performance is a highlight in a very entertaining dramedy .
Funny , disciplined , and acted with great skill and warmth .
The ending is sublime , a set piece that almost makes up for the overwhelming slightness of it all .
Each encounter is a finely observed and beautifully performed vignette in its own right , but together they sketch out a past from which our grey Lothario has been irrevocably set adrift .
Womanizer cads may be front and center in movies . But surprisingly sometimes , so are the impressive accompanying ensemble righteous females who cut them nicely down to size , and the quirky and twisted Broken Flowers is no exception .
The auteur 's unbeatable weirdness here mutates into preciosity .
After a career of deadpanning , Murray 's impassive performance is still fresh , funny , sympathetic and restrained .
This is a film about insufficiency on so many levels , a film not of hipster indifference , but of a certain effete inability to react .
Subtle , warm direction from Jim Jarmusch and another Oscar-worthy performance from Bill Murray -- will the Academy just give him a statue , already ?
It 's about questions , not easy answers , and its refusal to provide them might frustrate some viewers unaccustomed to Jarmusch 's elliptical style .
In Murray -LSB- Jarmusch -RSB- has found his quintessential actor .
A marvelous movie , with Bill Murray scoring again in the realm of drama .
Jim Jarmusch vuelve a sorprender con una película minimalista donde los pequeños detalles , varios personajes episódicos , y un casi imperturbable Bill Murray , nos conducen hacia una travesía extraña y sugestiva .
... anyone with a ` past ' will find something that resonates .
How absolutely fascinating and depressing it must be to have a past .
Features an interesting concept , charming performances , dry yet effective humor , underlying questions and suspense ...
A quirky delight with Bill Murray at his droll best .
A beguiling road movie , where the stops along the way are of the heart , Broken Flowers is a sublime delicacy .
Murray manages , almost impossibly , to come up with still another rich variation on his Depleted Man persona , and his performance is at once enormously generous and fiercely , concisely witty .
... um retrato perfeito de seu protagonista , revelando-se mais interessante quando visto à distância .
As Bill Murray tells a young drifter after buying the kid a sandwich , ` All there is , is this . The present . That 's it . ' If Jim Jarmusch knows what that is , he 's not telling .
Aggressively unsatisfying . It is an anti-road film that is also anti-entertaining .
ending is predictable in its unconventionality
Murray is terrific as Don % u2013 there 's a genuine sadness to his character and he makes you feel the pain of the emptiness he does n't know how to express .
very much in the Jarmusch style , with considerable attention to nuance , a disregard of urgency , and a willingness to let the camera linger on the faces of his actors ...
Moving , mirthful and minimalist , Broken Flowers is a bittersweet treat from indie great Jim Jarmusch .
Murray , continuing his string of more serious roles , finds a remarkable balance between wanting to fit in and hiding a reservoir of unspoken pain .
Broken Flowers is a quiet , contemplative film of the sort Bill Murray has been allying himself to lately , but so quiet that I am not to this day sure what exactly I heard .
Jarmusch admittedly wrote the story with Bill Murray in mind for the lead , and in many ways they are perfect for each other ...
`` Broken Flowers '' is layered with sophisticated symbolism , amusing wordplay and a strong cast , yet it remains an unsatisfying film .
This is a movie made for adults with real people in real situations . And coming smack in the middle of the Summer Blockbuster season , that 's the best surprise of all .
Bill Murray reluctantly goes on the road to find the son he did n't know he had in Jim Jarmusch 's brilliant , sentimental-but-surprising film .
Movies like this classically low-key , slightly off-kilter effort by Jim Jarmusch are the reason the term `` art house film '' was coined in the first place .
There 's a real poignancy in watching Murray 's emotional chill thaw from the heat generated by even the idea of romance , or at least its more libidinous evil twin , lust .
Inspired , serendipitous and unfinished all at once .
What Jarmusch has accomplished -- at least up to his indie-er-than-thou ending -- is not to be sneezed at .
A very gentle and wry outing for Jarmusch and his star .
... Murray 's movie from start to finish .
A numbed , exhausting rigidity -- which could be read as an echo of whatever 's bugging Don for reasons that are clearly none of our business -- infects the whole movie .
Broken Flowers wo n't win any fans for Jarmusch or late-model Murray , but as an eloquent and compassionate study of regret and self-mourning , it 's a wonder .
I 'm not sure how to define an art film any more . But I do know that Jim Jarmusch 's latest , `` Broken Flowers , ' is an art film , and it 's out-arted itself right out of an ending .
Deadpan funny drama , played against a minimalist backdrop , brings home some simple truths about the desperate lives most people lead .
... a compelling portrait of loneliness that is the best movie of the year so far .
Murray 's performance in -LSB- the film 's -RSB- last sequence is quite possibly the best bit of acting he has ever done .
Despite occupying nearly every scene , Bill Murray is a virtual non-presence in Jim Jarmusch 's latest puzzler .
When the end credits started to roll , an awed numbness came over me ; I was more moved by the film than I had expected , and I knew I had seen something great .
Jim Jarmusch writes and directs the darkly comic relationship drama . With Bill Murray in the lead role , it 's a marriage made in subtly droll heaven .
Murray does what a lot of great actors do , using film as a way of discovering more about himself .
Jarmusch Fails Murray by Failing to Offer Visual Poetry to an Empty Vaccum of Pathetic Despair
Watching Murray alongside a daffy collection of former girlfriends is akin to the pleasure of seeing a staring Jack Benny surrounded by his wild TV cast .
`` Broken Flowers '' is a time capsule contemplation of an American generational zeitgeist similar to that in John Sayles ' terrific `` The Return Of The Secaucus Seven . ''
Jarmusch does n't just let the audience be a fly on the wall ; it 's more like the whole ant and the magnifying glass experiment on a hot summer day .
Jarmusch is the director of ... discursive movies long on character and short on plot .
Jarmusch 's movies are rigorously strategized and impeccably designed , and his attention to detail testifies to an intense commitment to a personal vision .
Brilliantly complex and vivid performances make this film a moving exploration of all we do to find meaning in our lives .
Forget all of those critics ' raves about it being a masterpiece . ... The film 's joys are slight and derive mainly from the story 's baffling mystery .
The laconic minimalism never seemed piquant or probing to me ; it just feels minimal , except in its moments of creaky exposition and frustratingly overt finger-pointing .
Admittedly , some may find the movie 's pacing a bit self-indulgent and its sense of humor more than a little odd , but this rewarding , cinematic voyage of self-discovery also provides some real food for thought .
... a beguiling excursion indeed ... for audiences who do n't mind a movie that takes its time , keeps to the byways and delights in the twists of the road along the way ...
... a sharply observed and delightfully droll comedy about a Don Juan in a midlife crisis .
With another actor , this role might be a straitjacket , but Murray delivers something surprisingly touching .
Despite its melancholic tone , Broken Flowers is as much a celebration of the male ego as any carefree sex romp .
The film 's singlemindedness , like Murray 's solipsism , keeps it from feeling fully formed .
Exhibits a confident delicacy and palpable , mature sadness .
All he 's left with is a look of blank existential exhaustion . From this stoic clay , Murray 's every twitch and flicker sculpts complex inner wounds .
The emotional quest for something meaningful is more important than the ambiguous destination .
Like a flower , Jarmusch 's story grows more beautiful as it slowly unfolds to reveal delicate but intoxicating inner truths .
I have no idea what Broken Flowers is supposed to be , beside an inconsequential study in awkward reunions .
Broken Flowers manages to charm us with its encompassing fragrance , the pungency of life forces emerging from the muck .
if you are an ardent fan of Bill Murray 's , this is a must-see performance -- truly his best thus far .
the film is 100 times more palatable than any movie featuring car chases , fiery explosions and other overdone special effects .
wo n't satisfy mainstream audiences looking for easy resolution , but Jarmusch rightfully refuses to make the films that Hollywood demands
Jarmusch 's touch is magical ; the movie a sublime meditation that left me wanting more which , in this case , is actually a very good thing .
Jarmusch writes dialogue as if he 's allergic to punchlines .
Immensely moving and funny .
Less is more in Broken Flowers , Jim Jarmusch 's minimalist masterpiece .
Completely charming , but ultimately slight .
You ca n't take your eyes off -LSB- Murray -RSB- , and you leave Broken Flowers hoping he 's feeling better -- about life , love , everything .
It is not an unpleasant way to spend time .
It kept me absorbed all the way through , especially the collaboration between acting auteur Bill Murray and Mr. Jarmusch in virtually every frame of the film .
Broken Flowers is ultimately more interesting than it is good .
Murray has never been more inward and unanimated ... It 's a deeply chilled-out performance ... -LSB- and -RSB- like the rest of the movie , it 's worth seeing .
There 's so much going on behind Murray 's sad eyes that words are n't necassary . A great performance .
Don 's journey peels back the surface of so many American dreams to find them wanting , while Winston , dodging kids and doting on his ` perfect ' wife , seems as rich as a king .
... both Jarmusch and Murray ... do what they do best , even if their specialty is starting to feel like spinning wheels .
Don 's journey becomes a vision of lost opportunities and paths not taken , and in Murray 's hands it is sublime .
A wholly and ingeniously realized joy .
... has a bottomless poignancy that Jarmusch cements in quiet character moments , symbolic imagery and out-of-reach temptations that wiggle effectively into the subconscious .
Jarmusch is n't blessed with as rounded a social collision as Mystery Train and Night on Earth . But it 's the best of his post-Dead Man output .
Smart and moody , but the lack of a human connection to the story 's main character left me wanting .
A Jarmusch gem . Murray delivers best performance ever .
It 's clear that Jarmusch is less concerned with resolving the `` mystery '' story than with the ways in which the process changes the initially reluctant Don .
Bill Murray 's empathetic performance makes it worth following .
May hit some rough patches as it wraps itself up , but at its core is a film that is gentle and wise .
Broken Flowers is a road movie in the same sense that Sideways is a buddy movie - it takes on a familiar genre in order to screw with our expectations .
Broken Flowers is okay , but should have been much better .
It 's chock full of really winning performances ...
Jarmusch catches life with nuance and charm ... it 's like a delicate variation on About Schmidt .
`` A simple and blissful melding of sensibilities which may be the year 's best film thus far . ''
Bill Murray proves that not only can an actor be a comedian without laughing himself , but that a deadpan delivery can be essential to comic effects .
On this road trip , Bill Murray gets a little closure and we get a lot of laughs .
-LSB- A -RSB- well-meaning but remote picture .
Jarmusch and Murray can mix fine mood martinis , yet their film is all vapors and hints , murmurs and ricochets ... these flowers wilt before they can break .
It takes someone with Murray 's reservoir of audience goodwill to make such a maddeningly passive character even worth watching .
Flowers is smartly observational -- but a little screen heat would be worth a bouquet .
The pace of `` Broken Flowers '' is slow , but Jarmusch treats us to an almost dizzying array of vivid , unexpected details .
Former goofball Murray , who 's aged into a glacial icon of chilly sadness , is the perfect vehicle for writer-director Jarmusch 's brand of detached , hipster cool .
Those hound-dog eyes , and that weary sneer , reveal a man who understands the value of understatement .
Jarmusch shows us , as he has in the past , that the journey , not the arrival , matters .
The movie does n't come to a definitive point or make an explicit , but the movie does illustrate , in a penetrating way , the sadness of going through life emotionally disconnected .
An engaging exercise in mature poignancy , existential consciousness and deadpan drollery .
There 's an all-male point of view to this movie that will be off-putting to some viewers . Fifty percent , say .
A sort of minimalist male melodrama , Broken Flowers tracks a journey through regret and hope .
It 's many things : a terrific performance piece for a handful of good actors , an engaging metaphor and a so-so piece of storytelling .
Don 's is a journey more bittersweet than riotously funny . But then , Murray is becoming a relentless minimalist .
Broken Flowers is a road movie , and like the best road movies , it does n't take a straight path .
Broken Flowers is Jarmusch 's most conventionally entertaining film , but it 's still visually rigorous , swimming in pregnant silences , and un-filled-in in a way that 's tantalizing .
The combination of the patented Jarmusch touch and a cast headed by a droll Murray make it more than well-worth seeing .
Jarmusch is a brilliant critic of the dead-ends of American culture and society and a first-rate painter of the absurdities of the Now and the traps of the Then .
A Jarmusch film through and through , with the stars shining against the same minimalist backdrop .
Audiences will laugh , mainly to prove they 're awake , but the humor is pretty thin .
Each encounter provides a master class in close observation and character work , Murray 's minimalist expressions careening against the many and varied responses of Jessica Lange , Sharon Stone , Frances Conroy and Tilda Swinton .
A minimalist miracle that transcends comedy and drama to wind up in a bigger and wiser place .
Hold on to your hats . Jim Jarmusch , a director who always marches to his own strange drumbeat , has made an entertaining movie .
Jarmusch 's narrative setups are often artificial and implausible , but his stories are usually charming anyway because the sense of character runs deeper than plot .
Broken Flowers overcomes its shortcomings through Murray 's ability to make a nearly nihilistic character human .
The best American film since Lost in Translation .
Here , minimal is more .
Has little more ambition than to make Murray the funny valentine of one of Jarmusch 's mood pieces ... indeed , some of the best moments are wordless .
A wonderful collaboration between two unique talents , Broken Flowers perhaps is n't for casual mainstream tastes , but it speaks eloquently to what 's broken in all of us .
The little moments , and the chance to participate in them , make Broken Flowers good
Since this is a Jim Jarmusch film , that road is a slow , lingering , lonely one with minimalist music and many unhappy endings .
For those who appreciate -LSB- Jarmusch 's -RSB- style of film manipulation , and slow and steady storytelling , run to the theater this weekend . Enjoy .
Propping the film up ... is Murray , here given only a bareboned subset of his emotional range to work with and still able to create a being of identifiable depth .
It has a straightforward , cleanly structured story and a few solid laughs amid the existential agonizing .
Can there be such a thing as too much a good thing ?
This is a nice return to form for Jarmusch , for his quirky , casual style enlivens the material agreeably , and often hilariously , making for one of his best films to date .
You want to go to Broken Flowers to see Bill Murray put in yet another Oscar-worthy performance
-LSB- Bill Murray 's -RSB- languidness walks a fine line that could have been a detriment to `` Broken Flowers '' and the helmer/writer handles it with skill .
Rushmore 's Herman Blume bored by too many conquests or Lost in Translation 's Bob Harris if he 'd never left his hotel room
Has some of the same self-absorbed sarcasm that permeates Wes Anderson 's films , but unlike Anderson , Jarmusch backs it up with real tenderness and sophistication .
Jarmusch has given the movie an intriguing structure that begins outside Murray 's character -- at first , we think he 's a lech and a slob -- but gradually gets closer to understanding him .
A richly weird excursion that delights in its vagueness .
Has a good deal of off-handed charm and enough satirical moments . . to sustain interest , but it 's no more than Don Juan Lite , offering a veneer of profundity , lacking in payoff .
It 's too cold and too uninterested in talk in general and the stories people tell themselves about their romantic lives in particular to do its premise justice .
Take this trip with him and chances are , you 'll find the journey increasingly funny and touching .
Mr. Jarmusch has always worked in the rhythms of the great European directors . With Broken Flowers , he has found a story , and a star , to gracefully match his style .
With Broken Flowers , Jim Jarmusch 's sly , touching new film , Bill Murray reaffirms his status as the quietest comic actor in movies today .
An elegant , evocative film .
Long on atmosphere , light on dialogue and courageously willing to leave its puzzles unresolved .
-LSB- Don 's -RSB- a character far more interesting in his past than his present , and when the film finally arrives at its ambiguous , unsatisfying climax , it provides less closure for the viewer than it does for our protagonist .
Ultimately , the Jarmusch-Murray matchup , for all its flaws , offers a uniquely bittersweet experience , a movie with some broken funny bones and a questioning heart .
With such pointillist precision does Bill Murray create a portrait of the melancholic at midlife in Broken Flowers that he seems perfectly capable of painting The Last Supper with a single eyelash .
As with previous Jarmusch rambles , Broken Flowers risks getting overpowered by aridity and drift . That it barely avoids such a fate can be credited entirely to Murray 's graceful empathy with loss and regret .
With no emotional conflict , no character revelation and only minimalist acting and episodic direction , Broken Flowers is as flat as Bill Murray 's motel-room beds .
I doubt there 's any other living actor who could turn a simple bit of business like eating sliced carrots into the summer 's most exciting and cathartic action sequence .
Bill Murray delivers another master class in movie-acting minimalism .
No actor is better than Bill Murray as doing nothing at all , and being fascinating while not doing it .
Murray has been playing this role - the sad clown , the bitter and aloof lonely man - for a decade now .
Provides an anatomy of a middle-aged burned-out man who is led unwillingly to a place where he can get in touch with his feelings .
In the wasteland of August releases , this entry shines like a beacon lighting the way to a theater .
If an actor can be an auteur , Murray 's making a case for himself .
Treats of serious matters , but in a delightfully quirky and curiously affecting way .
A movie of uncommon sweetness and delight .
... an imperfect but sometimes beautiful comic story about a man helplessly lost in his own life .
A Jarmuschian bouquet of episodic structure , desultory road-tripping , and droll dislocation , each comic setup as simple and plywood-dry a contraption as ever .
Jarmusch , himself approaching middle age , has Don looking back with Zen fortitude and deadpan sobriety , but what 's missing from the film is sensitivity .
Broken Flowers is all of a piece ; it 's maliciously observed , and it has a neat formal style . But it 's an art object without the energy or courage to be a work of art .
Quietly robust and keenly insightful in its melancholy mode ... unconditionally infectious as a wry commentary mixing pathos and pleasure at the expense of an aging Don Juan
Jim Jarmusch 's strongest film in years
One of the smartest , funniest and most touching movies of the summer .
Sweetly peaceful & quirky , warmly awkward , daring , top not acting by Murray . But road shots drag , drab image quality distracts , climax wanes .
The mix of humor and heartbreak brings out the best in Murray .
In a film about a lonely eccentric 's attempt to make sense of his alienation and bring order to his chaotic past , convention fits like a gray flannel suit .
Murray showing no emotion ; Murray sitting and thinking ; sorry , I do n't call that compelling moviemaking .
A mystery-comedy that grew out of a marriage between Jarmusch 's inclination toward radical filmmaking and Bill Murray 's grounding in often hilarious deadpan .
... the best film Jarmusch has made since DEAD MAN ... a natural extension of what Jarmusch has always done rather than just an excuse to work with a movie star .
The master of the un-reaction shot and the non-double take carries an entire movie .
Broken Flowers ends on a pleasingly poignant note without relinquishing its sense of gentle absurdity .
Maverick Jarmusch goes the more mainstream route with this serio comedy , which benefits from the minimalism of Bill Murray and the grace of four good actresses
Working in his typically idiosyncratic and episodic vein , Jim Jarmusch has nonetheless pitched the film slightly more toward mainstream tastes than usual for him , using excellent thesps in the service of accessible material .
Broken Flowers could break Jarmusch out of the art house , but admirers may question the film 's overly conventional approach .





@highlight

Bill Murray 's subtle and understated style complements director Jim Jarmusch 's minimalist storytelling in this quirky , but deadpan comedy .