Lofty recap of the Apollo moon program .
The single most stirring and satisfying feature of 2007 .
It never hurts to be reminded of our potential and our insignicance , and who better to do the reminding than clean-cut American boys who 've covered up the entire world with their thumbs .
I would n't have missed this chance to revisit one of earth 's most significant encounters with deep space for anything .
At the heart of the film is the beautifully remastered footage of the 1969 Apollo 11 moon landing -LRB- some previously unseen -RRB- , interspersed with testimonials from not only two of the men who were there , who describe their innermost thoughts and feelings .
The crowd-pleaser has enough ambition to pitch a one-size-fits-all philosophy based on the Apollo crew 's revelation that looking down from space , our problems seem trivial .
Thoroughly engaging documentary that takes a fascinating look at the moon landings using some breathtaking never before seen footage and some remarkably candid interviews with the surviving astronauts .
Inspiring .
Respectful , enthusiastic and occasionally rather touching as the men , now in their seventies , recall how it felt up there . Yet the really important question never gets asked : what was it all for ?
The shots of the Moon , even after so many effects-heavy studio films have tried to recreate the look , are uncanny .
Stirring stuff , packed with as many beautiful images as portentous outbursts .
There is something thrilling and moving in this documentary about the great era of the Nasa moon landings .
You probably wo n't find a more comprehensive document of space exploration on film .
A solid , engrossing affair intercut with footage from the time , including live coverage of that famous day in July 1969 when Armstrong and Aldrin first walked on the lunar surface .
A timely tribute to the 12 men who landed on the moon during the 1960s and 1970s . The remastered , rediscovered documentary footage is incredible , although the absence of Neil Armstrong is disappointing .
The heart of Sington 's film is the dry humour and boundless humility of his interviewees .
A bunch of old guys talking about the old days - but what old days . An absorbing doc from a filmmaker who knows a good story , and a handful of men who 've lived the best story of all .
David Sington more than makes up for the straightforward nature of his film with the quality of its interviews and plenitude of staggering archive footage .
This wonderful documentary succeeds as a reminder of human endeavour .
It shows how great we were , once upon a time .
It seems more like a television program one would see on the Discovery Channel than a movie .
The movie fills us with wonder , and pride , and a tugging sense of loss .
Successfully recaptures the feeling of what made the Apollo missions so special .
A fascinating , surprisingly funny and extremely moving new documentary about the Apollo space program that really does have the right stuff .
... a moving reminder of an impressive achievement ...
The documentary would play well in a double feature with something on the four food groups .
A rousing achievement that makes us wish we could once again reach for -- and touch -- the stars .
... an entertaining and informative film that reveals so much about an event you think you already know about .
A stunning artifact , a reminder of a time when Americans of all stripes could look up to the sky and feel uncynically patriotic .
The astronaut interviews are fun and occasionally moving ...
It 's a satisfying and heartening reminder of what a glorious thing a small group of men once contrived to do .
The film is a history lesson , certainly , but history as seen through the eyes of the men who made it .
The contrast between the near-surreal space footage and the down-to-earth men who were actually in those spacesuits is awe-inspiring .
It 's a well-timed tribute to American initiative and courage ...
There 's vibrant visual poetry here .
Fills you with pride for your country and your species ...
This is an enthralling documentary even if you have seen the story told before .
It certainly is fascinating .
A fascinating , funny and moving documentary -- possibly the best screen exploration ever of the Apollo program .
An enthralling documentary .
Rather than an in-depth political look at what the space program meant then and now , Sington instead concentrates on getting us as close as we 'll ever get to taking the trip ourselves .
When it comes to the Apollo program , nobody relates the saga of men going to the moon quite like the corps of 24 who actually made the trip .
In the Shadow of the Moon tells a riveting story , even if we know how it ends .
To say these guys still have the Right Stuff is an overwhelming understatement .
-LSB- B -RSB- ittersweet ... chock full of funny , warm , human memories of the moonshot astronauts ...
At a time when our space program is mostly distinguished by its tragedies , we may need this more than we know . For 90 minutes , at least , the gee-whiz pioneer spirit proves alive and well .
A moving and masterful documentary by British filmmaker David Sington .
If you 've seen such NASA boosters as For All Mankind , Apollo 13 and From the Earth to the Moon , do you really need to catch the latest one , In the Shadow of the Moon on the big screen ? In a word : Yes
For those of us old enough , it is another magical reminder of how these missions gave us some hope in very challenging times . For those of us too young , this will give you an idea of what it meant to watch those baby steps that led to one giant leap .
In the Shadow of the Moon is , quite simply , a revelation .
A striking and moving narration-free documentary about the Apollo program .
Though Shadow could use a bit more confessionals and a bit less history , it still succeeds as a reminder of America 's can-do spirit at its best .
A movie about the space race , In the Shadow of the Moon recalls a different kind of sixties high , the out-of-planetary experience of landing on the moon .
If An Inconvenient Truth was the hard lesson about what we 've fouled up on Earth , In the Shadow of the Moon is the gentle reminder of what we 're capable of achieving and what truly matters .
In our own time of war and discord , this movie offers the rousing gallantry of peaceful risk and sacrifice -- and hope .
The story -LRB- even more so if you were n't around in July of 1969 -RRB- is gripping , eloquent , and powerful stuff , the right stuff right down to its pioneering heart , taking manifest destiny to the stars themselves .
I sat riveted watching David Sington 's `` In the Shadow of the Moon , '' a documentary where 10 astronauts recall a time and era that made America , and the world , proud .
By 2020 , when NASA 's Orion lunar spacecraft is scheduled to launch , it 's unlikely that any Apollo veterans will still be alive . Sington has done us a service in helping preserve their memories .
The real selling point is an astonishing wealth of footage from the NASA warehouses .
An active and engaging look at the human side of the Apollo program .
Seeing ` In the Shadow of the Moon ' brought back all of the excitement I remember experiencing in 1969 when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin took those first steps on the moon . What a fabulous achievement that was -- for them and for all of us !
If you can appreciate the incredible bravery and intelligence exhibited by these talented men , and if you want to see some glorious shots of our planet from 240,000 miles away , this is your ticket .
For all its swelling soundtrack and magnificent imagery , it leaves its most compelling story unexplored .
A researcher for this production spent years screening NASA footage that was still , in many cases , in its original film cans and had never been seen . The film was cleaned up and restored , the color refreshed , and the result is beautiful and moving .
It 's so simple , so obvious -- and a revelation .
Now , finally , we know what it was like to walk on the moon : unbelievably cool . Amazing . Fantastic . Scary .
It has the air of an officially sanctioned tribute rather than a probing study , but it 's stirring all the same .
Poignant but never sappy , Moon is also very timely , documenting universal achievements at a time when America is n't exactly seen as a team player .
It has taken a British director , David Sington , to do what nobody has done before : sit down with surviving Apollo astronauts and get them to talk us through what was , in retrospect , the happiest public event of an unhappy century .
Documentaries these days tend toward doom and gloom , so Moon is a welcome relief .
I came out giddy , feeling lighter -- by about five-sixths -- than I did when I went in .
A beautiful , exhilarating , and sometimes deeply moving documentary about those long-ago Apollo missions of the late 1960s and early 1970s .
These are old stories told with minimal artistry , and the film lacks the vision that might separate it from a crowded field .
David Sington 's stunning documentary sweeps away the layers of cynicism and familiarity , giving nine men who were there the opportunity to tell their riveting stories .
One small documentary for a filmmaker and one giant leap in inspiration for audiences .
Want to know what the ` right stuff ' really is ? Take a look .
One of the best documentaries of the year .
Imagine a time when we actually could set ourselves a national goal -- and meet it within a decade . Imagine an era when the whole free world cheered us on to do it , and then celebrated with us when we did .
It 's a stirring reminder of a time when anything seemed possible .
Oh , what stories these heroes have to tell .
It feels good to remember those days , even now . Especially now .
In the Shadow of the Moon stirringly relives the moment and points the way toward a future when the feeling could again be achieved .
That human touch is what distinguishes In the Shadow of the Moon from run-of-the-mill documentaries and is a timely reminder , in these dark days , that mankind is capable of much that is good .
In the Shadow of the Moon is a morale booster . The power of its archival images has n't diminished with familiarity .
An awe-inspiring film suffused with reverence and wonder ... with the power to coax tears and goosebumps from even the most jaded viewer .
Ten astronauts try to tell it like it was , but weighted down by the heaviness of the politics that created the lunar exploration program , the best stories will have to wait for later
This Sundance Film Festival winner will give you a lump in your throat and a sense of pride reliving a great moment the whole world once shared that now seems virtually forgotten . This movie guarantees it wo n't be .
This is n't just a documentary , it 's an aria of hope and togetherness stretching from this world and into the stratosphere beyond .
In the Shadow of the Moon touches on the tip of a great and still virtually unexplored iceberg , and one that not only can melt our hearts but our currently frozen imaginations .
Moon is a deeply respectful motion picture , clearly endeavoring to shift the moon landings back to cultural regality , away from all the naysayers and cruel conspiracy theorists .
might also be called In the Shadow of Neil Armstrong because the absence of his towering presence in the film is a big , gaping hole in the narrative
Thanks to who they are and what they 're talking about , the ten talking heads of In the Shadow Of the Moon are more dramatic than the heroes of most dramas .
Those old enough to remember optimism and expectancy , and to retain the child 's wonder at the authentic universe , will find inspiration here .
This magnificent documentary about the Apollo missions to the moon contains oodles of original , beautifully remastered NASA footage that has never been seen before .
A film full of wonders .
Such an elegant enterprise you might say it has gossamer wings .
David Sington 's In the Shadow of the Moon moved me to the extremes of nostalgia , regret and outright admiration as no other movie has moved me this year , even though -- or perhaps because -- it is a mere documentary .
A stirring documentary about the experiences of the ten astronauts from every single Apollo mission that flew to the Moon .
With humor , humanity , and staggering images , In the Shadow of the Moon brings home the sheer guts it must have taken to ride a rocket to a barren rock in the sky .
In the Shadow of the Moon recalls the wondrous moment when America had the entire world looking up , up , and not away .
A gorgeous , powerful and moving film ... not only the best documentary of the year , but possibly one of the best films period .
In the Shadow of the Moon reminds us of a seemingly distant time when the United States was not so alienated from the rest of the world .
In the Shadow of the Moon finds new resonance in the moment when America redefined progress -- but also when it heeded the siren song of a world so desolate it reminded you what a paradise ours truly is .
Absolutely awe-inspiring , it manages to be almost as naturally funny as it is uplifting . It offers viewers a nearly perfect ` you are there ' experience .
This exquisite documentary about the Apollo program takes the magic of moon flight and miraculously makes it downright down-to-Earth .
It 's thoroughly crowd-pleasing , although it 's weakened by a relentlessly earnest tone .
It 's hard not to see the magic in the science .
The excitement , majesty and extraordinary human accomplishment of the American lunar program of the '60s and early '70s is rousingly captured in In the Shadow of the Moon .





@highlight

Director David Sington poetically interwove 20th Century 's cosmonautic history with its effect on the public 's view of their country , their heroes and their future .