Although this is very much Schumer 's picture - and she has several scenes which show what a surprisingly touching actress she can be - it has lots of other delights , too .
Ultimately , I feel Pretty pulls its feet out of that fire by prioritizing Renee loving herself over having enough confidence to make the world love her , and that 's the film 's biggest accomplishment . Well , that and Michelle Williams saying `` Kohl 's . ''
Perhaps save this one for when you 're feeling sorry for yourself with a bucket of ice cream and a bag of cholesterol in front of you ?
Ironically ends up perpetuating what it 's trying to tear down .
Only for fans of Amy Schumer . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- I Feel Pretty -RSB- never manages to resolve its contradiction between the defense of being an authentic person and the slapstick . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The message is n't bad in theory -LRB- love yourself and you can do anything -RRB- , but it 's crammed into a messy , retrograde plot that does a disservice to any nibble of authenticity one might be able to find .
It 's what 's inside that counts , despite what Instagram says . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a comedy -LSB- with -RSB- bad jokes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- I Feel Pretty -RSB- confuses trivialization with lightening . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I Feel Pretty is nowhere near as funny as it should be . It has little to do with Amy Schumer 's skills as a comedian -LRB- who I think is often unfairly maligned -RRB- , but the jokes she 's been given to work with .
I Feel Pretty is presenting itself as the kind of film that reveals how ugly we are for laughing at body-related stereotypes , but then why make those your jokes ?
` I Feel Pretty ' is n't exactly beautiful .
Directors/screenwriters Kohn and Silverstein , who previously gave us `` Never Been Kissed '' and `` He 's Just Not That Into You , '' do a fine job keeping the story moving in their feature directorial debut .
It 's the kind of movie where the audience will be a few steps ahead of the narrative as opposed to the other way around .
A slickly satisfying vehicle for Schumer 's comic everywoman persona , and she rises to the occasion .
Self-confidence is everything , they tell us again and again , and leave us with the feeling of having attended a self-help sermon disguised as comedy . -LSB- Full review Spanish -RSB-
The film 's body-positive preaching is clearly well meant , it 's also muddled .
Not really Amy Schumer at her best .
The big problem I have with this film is that I do n't get the ` I 'm ugly ' shtick . By any barometer other than the barmiest of body fascism , Amy Schumer is a very attractive woman . And if you think she 's fat , well then you 're stupid .
It 's clear that there was a more complex intent with the message of I Feel Pretty that unfortunately failed to see the light of day . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Is this stuff supposed to be funny ? These scenes are cut and shot like they 're jam-packed with laughs , but our audience was so quiet and uncomfortable , you 'd think we were at a rep screening of ` Shoah . '
Like a few too many films churned out of the predominantly male studio system and marketed to a female audience , you get a sense that , deep down , it does n't have a particularly high opinion of women .
The film might have had more impact if the star was less photogenic . But it 's hard to imagine anyone else milking this set-up to such hilarious effect .
I do n't quite know how Schumer managed to connect with me on this level in this film , but I 'd like to guess that somewhere in between her self-deprecation , there was a relatable authenticity .
Did Amy Schumer read the script before signing up ?
A shame .
It could have done , dare I say , with a makeover .
An interesting comedy premise , about the superficiality of contemporary metropolitan life , is turned on its head by some shaky plotting and even shakier directorial choices .
A film about peering beneath the surface , I Feel Pretty ultimately ignores its own advice .
The familiarity of the story is the least of the problems .
The only means it can find to be funny is sabotaging its own message , which is n't a great starting point , let alone finishing point , for a body-positive comedy .
But if the script is patchy and the logic that powers the story seriously flawed , it 's still consistently amusing in an undemanding-on-the-brain way .
It is more a parable of how celebrities like Schumer , on becoming successful , suddenly get an inkling of how beautiful people have always felt . I Feel Famous would be an alternative title .
A minor comedic fable about the power of body image , I Feel Pretty by first time directors and long-time rom-com writers Marc Silverstein and Abby Kohn has a couple of worthy assets .
Sadly , it 's impossible to ignore the fact that the main central joke is essentially that it 's comical in itself that anyone of Schumer 's build and appearance could be attractive .
At its best , I Feel Pretty plays like a feminist version of The Nutty Professor .
Schumer is Schumer - a likeable comedian in need of a better movie , or at least one that does n't leave you dizzy with contradictions .
When the film fails it is because it often perpetuates what it is trying to destroy : the idea that judging by appearances is a legitimate mode of assessment .
Amy Schumer makes the most of a half baked idea , but the material is n't enough to make this film more than passable .
Not totally lifeless , but not anything special either .
... the narrative adopts a decidedly repetitious and meandering feel in its midsection ...
It might not be PC to admit but the movie 's premise is the society 's gold standard - beauty ranks high .
Mixes slapstick silliness with a empowering message .
A well-meaning , well-done comedy about body image and self-respect that delivers its unfortunately timely message to young women with the subtlety of , well , an Amy Schumer comedy . It 's ham-fisted , sure , but it works .
Heartfelt and hilarious , but most importantly empowering , and not just for women .
Thankfully , Kohn and Silverstein know that they 've got Williams as an ace in the hole here , guaranteeing that I Feel Pretty has a real shot at winding up a winning hand .
We 've had a few great comedies along the way , but I Feel Pretty shows us that the march of progress in equal comedic representation also means we get the equivalent of an Adam Sandler movie sometimes .
Most of the movie is just different versions of the same joke .
This film is predictable and derivative , and its message is so old and hoary . To wit : Beauty comes from the confidence generated from inside us women and not from a mascara wand or concealer stick .
`` I Feel Pretty '' is sometimes funny , sometimes inspirational , but mostly an exasperating attempt to appeal to all women as it blatantly marginalizes some .
The strong notion of the beauty industry reimagining what it sees and promotes as beautiful is weakly executed , and we are n't left with a solid resolution that things will get much better .
The good news is , unlike most self-help tomes , this is one is sweet and rather clever and even charming .
The comedy is at times spot-on , but those moments ca n't beat the bloat .
I Feel Pretty is the apparent result of someone advising Amy Schumer to tone down her edginess in order to win a wider audience .
I Feel Pretty , is such a letdown . It 's an idea with plenty of opportunities to go to interesting places . Instead , it stays in a spot that feels clichéd , dated , and even narrow-minded .
It 's been downhill since Trainwreck , a film the star wrote herself . If her latest has anything to say , it 's that it 's time to remind fans what made her so appealing in the first place . Everything she needs to turn things around is inside Amy Schumer .
The only thing you 'll feel after seeing I Feel Pretty is pretty damn crummy .
There 's tons of fun to be had with the core concept , but when the time comes to say something meaningful about self-doubt , I Feel Pretty does n't earn the important message it tries to send .
I Feel Pretty is the second movie comedy within the last year in which Schumer 's inventive artistry is misused .
Toward the movie 's end , Schumer 's Renee delivers a powerful speech about women feeling confident in their own skin . But , she 's doing so in order to sell cosmetics . So much for finding the beauty within .
I Feel Pretty is much too narrow in its scope of womanhood and its exploration of a very important , topical subject to succeed .
Kohn and Silverstein -LRB- along with Schumer -RRB- concoct a tricky goofball fantasy -LRB- that 's truly funny -RRB- , while never forgetting the fact that these folks have all been damaged in some way when others judged their real-world image and idiosyncrasies .
I Feel Pretty finds a whimsical , funny , relatable , and entertaining way to convey a meaningful message .
Amy Schumer tries hard but fails to lift this ordinary and preachy comedy to the heights of Trainwreck or her considerable talents .
... its positive message of self-esteem and female empowerment risks being buried under too many subplots .
Of course , Renee learns her lesson by the end , but the film 's muddled messages do little to similarly educate viewers .
After an early ` powerhouse ' scene in front of the mirror , it becomes shallow , superficial sludge , squandering Amy Schumer 's exuberant talent .
This movie , premised on the idea that self-esteem trumps physical beauty , does n't even believe in the product it 's selling .
... leaves a very bad taste , not just in the mouth , but in the adjacent olfactory organs . Maybe one of the auditory ones , too . It also made my eyes smart .
I 'm not a woman - and therefore I 'm not the target audience - but I reckon most women would be perplexed by what 's on display here .
Thanks to Schumer 's ability to be Debbie Reynolds and Oliver Hardy in the same breath , even the most predictable gags find a nugget of truth that pulls them out of the corn field ... Now , if only we could get past the idea `` pretty '' is the equivalent valued .
There are certainly laughs to be had , but questions to be asked as well .
The movie 's heart is in the right place , I suppose . But the execution of the thing is problematic .
Despite a final-act empowerment statement , I Feel Pretty is a meandering comedy with a troubling message that 's all about hating who you are unless you 're gorgeous .
I Feel Pretty gets a lot of things right . ... But it falls short of indicting the beauty industrial complex in favor of feel-good platitudes about body positivity .
The most damning aspect of this movie , more damning even than its pandering or blatant commercialism , is how deeply unfunny it is .
`` I Feel Pretty , '' at its core , feels like the kind of movie that Schumer would have previously mocked as something she would never make
The bigger issue is that Schumer 's performance feels uneven and not all that different between her `` before injury '' and `` after injury '' characters .
Despite its mixed message , the Amy Schumer vehicle has some laughs and charm ... The truth is , there is something refreshing about a rom-com that stars a woman who feels relatable .
I feel pretty dumb for having had such high hopes for this one .
This is first and foremost a comedy , but it is one with moments of real emotional connection .
Another failure for Schumer , no doubt , although this film at least fails in a much more interesting and thought-provoking way .
Very messy ... a comedy about female self-image that is unsure of its own identity .
If anything great comes out of this film , it will be that Michelle Williams gets to do more comedy .
The film 's message is `` All About That Bass '' expanded to nearly 120 minutes .
While not without its merits and its laudable aspects , this socially conscious comedy is a strange , unfocused misfire I almost wish I could somehow forget .
In what should have been a major breakthrough for this comedian , I Feel Pretty instead becomes a good idea totally hamstrung , gutted , eviscerated by poor writing .
I do n't believe that the cure for our hashtag-flawless-obsessed culture is easy encouragement . But you do n't have to save the world to make a good movie .
It 's just a pity that there was n't as much attention paid to the script as the costuming department , because to paraphrase -LSB- Michelle -RSB- Williams ' airheaded Avery , this movie is `` super weird '' and only partly effective .
I Feel Pretty may fail at starting any sort of cultural conversation , but it 's a perfectly agreeable comedy for a spring weekend .
The movie keeps trying the bank shot of propping up its crazed premise while its lead actress , gamely , almost bravely , tries to undercut it .
Fun but uneven comedy tackles self-esteem ; some racy bits .
This is what happens when Amy Schumer makes a film just to fill out her schedule . Everybody does it , but still ... Idiotic .
I Feel Pretty comes so close to doing something unexpected with Renee 's transformation , but does n't have the guts to follow through .
Despite the worthwhile sentiment , when you dig beneath the surface of this gimmicky female-empowerment comedy , the screenplay needs a makeover .
It would n't necessarily matter so much that the film allows itself such hackneyed material , but for the creeping feeling that -LSB- Amy -RSB- Schumer and the filmmakers lost an opportunity to do something that actually challenges the normativeness .
Amy Schumer is always fun company . But who the hell thought that making plus-size jokes then simply tacking on a moralizing ending was hilarious ? Or acceptable ?
I Feel Pretty 's message is on point , its delivery is not .
The sentiment shifts from GET IT GIRL ! to JUST GET ON WITH IT ALREADY , GIRL !
Female comedians have been self-deprecating about their attractiveness for decades , but the film 's corporate sheen and feminist lip service -LRB- not to mention an abundance of SoulCycle product placement -RRB- feel all too 2018 .
Do n't let those Social Justice Warrior scolds stop you from enjoying the film 's modest pleasures .
There 's a long barroom bikini contest , complete with wet t-shirt , that goes on too long when it should n't be going on at all .
Can Renee 's insights into the world of dumpy women save the company ? Or will she hit her head again .
Schumer 's actual chutzpah , so boldly showcased in her stand-up and sketch comedy , is not enough to carry this offensive conceit .
Amy Schumer shines in an adorable fantasy that both draws from and slyly subverts the classic Cinderella story .
There 's definitely a movie to be made that takes on society 's obsession with appearance in a sharp , focused manner , but `` I Feel Pretty '' is n't it .
One mostly wants to credit I Feel Pretty for what it does n't do wrong .
I Feel Pretty has an ambitious meta premise . I do n't think it quite figured out how to pull it off , but I like what it 's trying to do .
I Feel Pretty should be a movie full of jokes and laughs ... but the script falls remarkably short ...
-LSB- `` I Feel Pretty -RSB- attempts to deliver an inspiring message but ends up undercutting itself at every opportunity .
Caught between its modern feminist intentions and its retro stereotypical plot construction , serving neither one well .
Viewers will sense I Feel Pretty 's buttery didacticism well before it gets spread across the final act .
You 've got to love I Feel Pretty more for what it 's trying to do than for how good a movie it is . Or in other words , judge it on its personality and not its looks .
Not only does I Feel Pretty score low on credibility , but the writing/directing team of Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein lobs a softball .
In the case of I Feel Pretty , as corny and contrived as the final scenes are , you might actually applaud the message . If not , at least you 'll have the proper and fair ammunition to back up your argument .
I Feel Pretty is plainly a message movie , but part of the fun is that we 're given multiple messages to choose from .
I Feel Pretty takes some really interesting ideas about insecurity and empowerment and buries them in a high-concept , low-yield comedy with a constant , unavoidable buzz of wrongness .
The way in which I Feel Pretty presents its message is one of the film 's biggest problems . If there 's something less subtle than a sledgehammer , it applies here .
What starts as a silly comedy quickly becomes a joyous and emotional story that reminds us why we fell in love with Amy Schumer in the first place .
-LSB- Schumer -RSB- is digging at something real here , despite a seriously silly plot , and some even more seriously mixed messages .
Tending to be a paint-by-numbers romcom over an innovative comedic treatise on superficiality , it 's noticeably lacking in Schumer 's branded wit , wisdom and acerbic bite .
I Feel Pretty is n't just a regression from Inside Amy Schumer ; it 's a less shrewd treatment of almost identical themes .
I Feel Pretty fumbles its message so badly that the end result is less inspiring than just plain baffling . At its worst , it does more to reinforce society 's punishing beauty standards than dismantle them .
On the minus side , it muddles its message with an overstuffed script , choppy editing , and some unnecessarily over-the-top moments .
This movie belongs to the effervescent , sincere Schumer who excels at portraying the wisecracking , loose floozy traditionally consigned to being the leading lady 's comical sidekick .
I Feel Pretty has a girl power , love yourself message that is easily embraced . It just does n't make that lesson entertaining for long enough .
Schumer redeems I Feel Pretty by completely and fearlessly buying into the premise , and delivering a few good lines that slice into the shallow idiocy of valuing beauty over brains and celebrities over common folk .
Setting aside ... larger objections , one can dismiss it as simply not as funny or insightful as it ought to be .
At third blush , after I thought about what I 'd seen , the premise never had a chance of working out well in the hands of filmmakers whose take on their subject is sitcom-deep .
This movie was sweet and heartfelt . Not as funny as it wanted to be , but it was alright . I mostly enjoyed the message .
This film is unlikely to impress the Academy , but it 'll probably make you feel better about yourself .
Schumer is perfectly cast here , wringing a lot of laughs out of her oversized but not misplaced new found belief in herself , but -LSB- the -RSB- film only works in fits and starts , a number of plot strands underwritten or trailing off into the ether .
It 's clear that Ms. Schumer knows a thing or two about sexist ideologies , real power struggles and all the deeply unfunny , unpretty rest . She can go more than skin deep .
A loose-cannon comedy about an attractive blond woman who longs to be ... a more attractive blond woman .
When it 's good ... and when Schumer 's fully locked into her take-no-prisoners charm assault , it 's pretty undeniably delightful stuff .
It 's an unbridled display of enthusiasm . We 're laughing with her , not at her . If only the rest of the film had such complete confidence .
Unfortunately , those shades of meaning get mangled up in nonsensical plot contrivances and tired running jokes . If it 's offensive , it 's because of its blandness , not its political incorrectness .
What ultimately disappoints here , however , is the conventionality of the movie 's narrative arc , its mushy characterizations , and a rushed conclusion that ties up the loose ends with a sloppy bow that diminishes the movie 's message .
An interesting concept but one that feels rote while playing to the stereotypes it intends to subvert .
Schumer , who 's spoken publicly about the many potshots she 's taken about her looks and her body -- many of them disgustingly , disturbingly nasty -- here boldly confronts them head-on .
`` I Feel Pretty '' takes a talented comic and casts her in the worst possible light -LRB- and I do n't mean that literally . She looks fine -RRB- .
I Feel Pretty 's heart is in the right place , but it kind of forgot the funny along the way .
It 's trying to be about something that very few films are about , which is internalizing the mystical power of beauty so much that just your belief in it can change your behavior positively or negatively .
The film wants to encourage us to find our beauty within , while turning a blind eye to those external , industrial forces that profit from our insecurity .
Shockingly sweet .
Swan dives into tedious formula do n't help an already weak , borderline mean-spirited endeavor from achieving its intended entertainment and educational value .
I would gladly watch a version of `` I Feel Pretty '' with a less privileged celebrity in the lead , but I ca n't deny the sweet-and-salty verve that Schumer brings to this one .
Spends too much time laughing about the outside to ever place value on what 's within .
An honest-to-God fiasco . Virtually every single aspect of this rigidly unfunny comedy is botched , from the characters to the plot , the themes to the core message .
... a lazily-written , quickly forgettable beige-o-rama .
Like its appealing main character , `` I Feel Pretty '' is a smart , funny comedy that is n't always confident enough in its potential greatness .
Despite some laugh-out-loud physical humor from Schumer and bizarre performance by Michelle Williams , the film is too shallow and misdirected to be given a free pass .
The net result is a mildly likable movie that , in comedy terms , wo n't win any pageants .
It 's a gross miscalculation that might mean well , but fails to balance the sharpness and delicacy necessary to tackle the emotional carnage wrought by self-hatred . That it forgets to make us laugh is the final insult .
I Feel Pretty is n't designed to be taken that seriously . In fact , to do so is to deprive yourself of a movie that is , all in all , funny , cathartic , and more than a little bit moving .
If only this project examined that eagerness to laugh at female unattractiveness in the viewer , instead of giving them a pat on the back for getting on Renee 's side .
Mostly fails in its larger critique of the fashion industry , but it 's reasonably charming as a conventional rom-com .
Schumer is the movie , shamelessly comic ... but also willing to take us straight into the character 's pain . I Feel Pretty may go down as her signature picture .
As sweet as `` I Feel Pretty '' often is , it 's also at times depressing .
I Feel Pretty could have used more work to be ready for its moment in the spotlight .
More than anything , it is guilty of merely being not all that funny , or properly thought out .
Ersatz and predictable , I Feel Pretty just wanders in circles of amiable confusion , and the star never finds a groove that connects the two halves of Renee into one believable woman .
The comedy rarely addresses 2018 image issues in an intelligent or self-knowing way . Instead , it sticks to the basics , such as the revelation that beautiful women have boyfriend problems too .
Offers a subtle but clear message , although I 'm not sure whether that message is ` Confidence is Sexy ' or ` Possible Brain Damage is Sexy . '
It 's a vision of self-love as self-care , but it 's exhausting , and expensive . And it gets us nowhere .
I know how `` I Feel Pretty '' wants me to feel . I 'm just not sure it actually makes me feel that way .
To be clear , my criticism here is not '' -LSB- Amy -RSB- Schumer is n't fat enough for I -LSB- Feel -RSB- Pretty 's premise to work . '' It 's that I do n't want to laugh at this premise at all .
I Feel Pretty wants to eat its cake and have it , too -- inviting us to laugh at women because of how they look , while scolding us for doing so .
Super-trendy with moments of real feeling , Amy Schumer 's latest delivers .
It 's sweet and silly with a scene-stealing performance from -LSB- Michelle -RSB- Williams , but it ultimately could learn from its own lessons . It 's not confident enough in its central premise , leaving the audience wanting something more .
With the irrepressible Amy Schumer leading the way , `` I Feel Pretty '' excels at being both fiercely entertaining and perceptibly wise .
It never slackens in its conviction that the world reflects how you feel about yourself , or in how empowering that can be if you come at it from the right angle .
There 's a definite satisfaction watching supermodel types squirm when they ca n't derail Renee 's cheery blind confidence , and her courtship with Ethan is a riot of mixed messages and bikini contests .
It would be pretty nice at this point to report that I Feel Pretty is pretty funny , but alas , it is not .
Its glossiness is what prevents Schumer from utilising her darkest edges , the same properties that have defined her ongoing comic schtick . Now will the real Amy Schumer please stand up ?
I Feel Pretty is an intermittently funny vehicle for Schumer 's talent that never really gets to grips with the ramifications of its high concept . Its heart is in the right place , but its head is somewhere else .
This is a nice movie , but its message about self-improvement and confidence is only skin deep .
A good-natured comedy with a sweet-and-saucy performance from Schumer .
It 's just not funny or fresh enough , and that has everything to do with the material and how it 's handled visually , and nothing to do with the people on the screen .
Schumer remains likable , and the film has its moments , but there are so many excellent opportunities here for poignant cringe comedy that more often than not I Feel Pretty feels like a missed opportunity -- and a slow , ponderous one at that .
I Feel Pretty is as mean-spirited , unfunny , and vapid as its infuriating heroine .
Amy Schumer plays yet another shallow New Yorker with self-esteem issues in I Feel Pretty , but it seems that with each starring role , the characters become more pitiful and the life lessons more corny .
The bracing promise of the setup steadily loses fizz and the overlong feature grows smaller - constricted , deflated - as it travels familiar routes .
The lessons at the end are as superficial as the culture the film was originally trying to critique .
The on-fire actress comes across as trying way too hard to convince herself of what anyone can plainly see : that she 's amazing .
I Feel Pretty ultimately winds up feeling like a cosmetics company co-opting the language of self-love to sell its products : Empowering , but also a little hollow .
Rather than pointing the finger at society for inducing insecurity in women , I Feel Pretty suggests the onus is on women to change their attitudes .

@highlight

I Feel Pretty has a charming star and the outline of a worthwhile comedy -- but unlike its suddenly confident central character , it suffers from a fundamental lack of conviction .