Wahlberg loses , and The Gambler craps out .
Wahlberg is a miscast ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You 're just going to spend the two hours annoyed by all of the stupid decisions Bennett makes .
Directed by Rupert Wyatt -LRB- Rise of the Planet of the Apes -RRB- , the film is glossy and shiny , giving it a superficial sheen that does n't make any sense .
Some casting decisions should never happen-Shaq as Tinkerbell-hmm ... actually that might be fantastic , scratch that . But Mark Wahlberg as a professor of literature ? Just no .
` The Gambler ' is just shy of a great movie - it does n't quite add up like it should - but it is a reminder that there 's a very fine actor lurking in Mark Wahlberg .
This remake not only fails to justify its own existence , it very nearly calls into question the necessity of the material in any form .
Watchable scene-to-scene as an old-fashioned character study .
Mark Wahlberg is intense and compelling ... but his character 's self-destructive behaviour strains the viewer 's sympathy almost as much as it strains that of the people around him .
A lame remake of the 1974 original , this Gamble does n't pay off
The screenplay by William Monahan bears great responsibility on the finished product . It 's important to get the characters right . It 's not happening here .
He 's an interesting character ... but I ca n't use that same adjective for the film itself .
But every single scene of this film features a man treating everyone around him like dirt while pissing their money up against a wall and acting like the world owes him a living .
This is a slick , fast-paced film that maintains its sometimes unbearable tension until the last roll of the dice .
In what amounts only to an intermittently intriguing movie experience , a tug of war is going on between the compelling and the confounding .
Director Rupert Wyatt pulls no punches in vividly portraying the moral gutter gambling addicts can find themselves in , and Mark Wahlberg 's boyish face reflects the desperation that keeps him from wising up .
What 's left is a frustratingly superficial film that alienates its characters as much as it does the audience .
The Gambler is about the lure to triumph over potential disaster and finding a way to `` treat those two imposters the same . ''
In its portrayal of the seedy gambling world , Rupert Wyatt 's dark crime drama excels ; less so in its ability to deliver a satisfying journey for its self-loathing protagonist , albeit effectively portrayed by Mark Wahlberg
Despite stylish direction by Rupert Wyatt , who pulls off a few arresting set pieces , The Gambler never manages to make sense of William Monahan 's often laughably overripe screenplay .
The Gambler feels academic and slightly out of time .
This is a misconceived and strangely cast affair that ca n't work out its own attitude toward its main character .
Mark Wahlberg is always a physically articulate actor ; here he wrings despair and disillusionment from every beaten-down gesture , every curt exchange .
The Gambler ... has become an advert for gambling . You could n't make it up .
Swaggering and dialogue-heavy , The Gambler certainly talks the talk , but ultimately it lacks the courage of its convictions .
When the randomly appearing lip balm on the main protagonist 's lips becomes a source of distraction , you know you 're not hooked .
Mark Wahlberg 's designer-suited performance is shallow and self-admiring ... and William Monahan -LRB- who wrote The Departed -RRB- devises a new narrative direction which is contrived and preposterous .
It does n't quite work as a package , but Wahlberg is a real pleasure to watch as he crafts a portrait of a tormented anti-hero with an apparent death wish .
With a strangely simplistic screenplay by William Monahan -LRB- The Departed -RRB- , director Rupert Wyatt and his cast struggle to dig beneath the surface in a meaningful way .
A rare grown up thriller , full of interesting bits and a strong turn from Wahlberg . But as a whole Wyatt 's film does n't grip as it might .
Hate the players , not the game .
Chockablock with interesting performances -LRB- Jessica Lange is the professor 's wealthy mother , John Goodman is a Jabba-like loan shark -RRB- and silly self-indulgences -LRB- slow-motion pole-dancers gyrate to Dinah Washington 's recording of ` This Bitter Earth ' -RRB- .
With dialogue as acidic as this delivered by actors like these , The Gambler somehow transcends its pomposity to be really quite fun .
It 's hard to know what to make of Mark Wahlberg 's character in The Gambler - but at least that puts you on an equal footing with Wahlberg himself .
Wahlberg can deliver a soliloquy on life as a game of chance with rat-a-tat rhythm , but he walks and talks like he 's too cool for school , never properly conveying the deep well of angst that he keeps banging on about .
Monahan 's script is far too wordy for its own good and the uneven score -LRB- by two composers -RRB- seems to be taken over by a Michael Nyman fan at all of the wrong moments .
Wahlberg finds his most interesting role since The Departed in a film that 's heavy on atmosphere and suspense but shy of a full deck when it comes to characterisation .
The movie has the sheen but lacks the sweat of James Toback 's original riff on Dostoevsky 's autobiographical story .
The Gambler is a remake that effectively updates a subtle yet nihilistic story ; Wyatt and Monahan stick to their mean-spirited guns and offer up a sour view of addiction and the havoc it wreaks .
The script is painfully overwritten whenever we want action and woefully underwritten when we need explanation .
An impeccably constructed genre picture . It does n't have a whole lot to say , but it 's entertaining
Mark Wahlberg is a sure bet in `` The Gambler , '' an update of a James Caan movie .
It 's better than it has to be , and director Rupert Wyatt ... handles the story with economy and intelligence .
The dialogue never leaves the surface and the running across Los Angeles that happens in the last sequence is supposed to thrill you , but it 's such a cliché that your embarrassment extends to the crew member who has to follow with the camera .
Lack of necessity notwithstanding , The Gambler is also plagued by its vacancy of spiritual tissue .
James Toback laid his cards on the table with 1974 's quasi-autobiographical The Gambler , drawing on personal experience with a soul-killing gambling habit . Maybe he still owes money , the only logical explanation for the remake he approved .
While -LSB- Wahlberg is -RSB- no James Caan , he 's certainly able to infuse this mesmerizing character study with enough rancid brio to make this self-flagellating hustler believably doomstruck .
2014 's slickest bender , The Gambler provides enough pleasure in its visceral storytelling .
Though Wahlberg is a fine actor , there 's no way I can buy him as a college English professor holding forth on Shakespeare and Camus .
I do n't think Dostoyevsky would care much for the movie -- but it wo n't make him spin in his grave .
For all Wahlberg 's self-flagellating , we never really understand his suicidal petulance . He 's an ennui-soaked brat .
The film as a whole does n't do much to separate itself from the superior source material despite some intermittent intrigue .
Are there no original ideas left in Hollywood ? It 's difficult to fathom why anyone would want to redo this nonsense .
The script is more than a bit unrealistic , and annoyingly insulting to the audience 's intelligence .
The hopeful ending comes off as too little , too late . Wahlberg gives the role his all , but sticking with him is a futile gesture . The Gambler never pays off . It 's a sucker 's bet .
You ca n't win with a weak hand .
A richly realized exercise in style , in which an action director -LRB- `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes ' '' Rupert Wyatt -RRB- and an action star -LRB- Mark `` I think we got a Trans-foamah '' Wahlberg -RRB- dive deep into a '70s noir classic and come up aces .
The best things about `` The Gambler '' are the supporting characters .
A dark coming-of-age movie about a grown man who ca n't let himself win . Brilliant performances .
As The Gambler becomes less about its protagonist 's dashed intellectualism and more about the gathering danger of his predicament , the film gains power .
Redundant , but Goodman is great and the rest is not bad .
Original and atypical `` The Gambler , '' though intriguing , is ultimately less than satisfying .
An agreeable if ridiculous slice of old-school Hollywood machismo ...
A bad remake of a bad 1974 movie .
In a way , it 's more alluring and less profound than the original , but enough of a cautionary tale that it 's still worth a look .
It 's not quite a holiday movie , but a powerful performance by Wahlberg makes it worth seeing .
We ca n't be expected to care about every protagonist with a boner so long as he can string together a few polysyllable phrases about his own disaffection . I have enough whiny depressives in my life , thanks .
A movie that displays a winning hand for much of its length should never turn up snake eyes at the end .
It 's just like the Kenny Rogers song says : `` You 've got to know when to hold 'em , know when to fold 'em . '' It 's time for this `` Gambler '' to walk away .
The return is as miniscule as the stakes .
If someone is really that intent on self-destruction , why should we be his audience ?
The Gambler is pretty much a misfire of concept - even if it makes the admirable move of going for a different thematic angle on the original material .
`` The Gambler '' should have been called `` Three Supporting Characters in Search of a Lead . ''
A dull , self-consciously arty wallow in the messed-up life of a character we do n't care about .
It 's easy enough to watch , but it did n't engage me any more than watching some high roller do his or her thing at a casino with thousands on the line . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
There are moments of moral muddiness that stick to the movie in fascinating ways , but this is not cohesive work from director Wyatt , who 's often caught trying to make a pretty picture when the material begs for ugliness .
A remake of the 1974 film that starred James Caan , Rupert Wyatt 's new movie is never short on style , but it lacks some of the grit of the original .
What 's mostly missing from `` The Gambler '' is a sense of why Jim is so insistent on squandering his money , privilege and patrimony .
This certainly is one driven narrative . Wahlberg reportedly lost 60 lbs . for the role , and his gaunt look makes Jim seem all the more haunted as he repeatedly throws away vast sums on games of chance .
In a role that would have been ideal for Tom Cruise in psycho mode , Wahlberg is merely OK . Unfortunately , the film 's effectiveness turns on whether we buy into his angst .
Ultimately , this version of The Gambler suffers from the same problem as the 1974 version , which starred James Caan at the height of his James Caan-iness : There 's simply no one to root for .
Another wet battery about a week in the life of a gambling addict .
The character as written is so pretentious and self-destructive that it 's difficult for the audience to connect with his story .
It 's not hard to understand why Wahlberg and friends were drawn to remake ` The Gambler , ' but they botched the job badly .
By suppressing Wahlberg 's more typical sparkling unpredictability , this new reading of the character recasts him into someone more frustrating than free .
The Gambler is a solid remake - a film that retraces the path of the original while carving out its own identity .
It is easy ... to observe this character with a certain degree of fascination . It 's enough .
A string of powerful performances , particularly Wahlberg 's , and a killer soundtrack - including M83 , Dinah Washington and St. Paul & the Broken Bones - redeem a middling entertainment gambit .
The extent to which The Gambler may intentionally or unintentionally glamorize or romanticize gambling does raise concerns , but ... -LSB- the film -RSB- remains a study in the self-destructive personality .
This remake of Karel Reisz 's 1974 film ... features a great performance by John Goodman and falls together well enough as its anti-hero keeps shuffling his deck the more he 's backed into a corner , but ... never really gets us into his protagonist 's head .
The Gambler does n't dig far below the surface of Jim 's addiction , but there 's still entertainment value in watching a man go down in flames .
A remarkably entertaining drama that 's also , at times , a deep pit of sadness .
Like Jim , the movie is all swagger and no follow-through .
The Gambler is about the torturous dissatisfaction some people feel when they 've managed to do everything right but still do n't feel fulfilled
This remake of the 1974 James Caan film written by James Toback ... crackles with mordant cynicism .
The Gambler is a hollow , overwrought and glibly cynical remake of a '70s drama about a self-destructive academic .
Low on action and tension , long on grand speeches . Wahlberg gets an A for effort in an unlikely role .
Slick but slight , The Gambler is an unnecessary remake of a well-regarded 1974 film .
Mark Wahlberg deals a cool hand , but THE GAMBLER still loses big .
Despite terrific , witty performances by Williams and Goodman , most of the talent is wasted in this picture .
Watching a hostile pessimist purposefully sabotaging his own good fortune just is n't as fun as it sounds .
The bulk of the movie simply does n't live up to the promise of its great opening sequence .
Wyatt ... brings some bristly , swaggering energy to the thing , and that in turn may have loosened Wahlberg up : He 's both more intense and freer than he 's been in years .
Its central flaw of having an unwatchable protagonist is simply too massive to ignore , and sours everything that comes as an extension of it .
At the risk of overselling what is a good but not great movie , The Gambler is a slick , stylish thriller about gambling , self-destruction and personal redemption .
It 's a mess , pure and simple , and remaking it turns out to be a sucker 's bet .
Mark Wahlberg , William Monahan and Rupert Wyatt are all working at the same level of comic intensity , and the thrill of the ride with them is enough to distract from some conceptual sloppiness .
This remake is just a watered-down version that hits all of the same beats as the original , only judges its nominal hero far less harshly , and emerges an oddly amoral film with an ending that borders on being ludicrous
Avoids the typical bombast of the normal crime thriller , instead focusing its efforts at being a densely-scripted character study .
The Gambler only truly comes alive towards the end ...
Wyatt 's showy direction gets in the way of the story more often than it should , but Wahlberg and a solid supporting cast will keep you invested in the outcome .
We did n't really care enough about Jim to be invested in his ultimate fate .
Almost any actor would have been hard-pressed to make this baffling , attention-deficit mess into anything other than the Love , Actually of gambling films .
Whether Wahlberg 's been miscast or misdirected , we never buy him as a desperate addict . Still , the movie is so quick and cool that for much of the time , we barely notice how little is actually at stake .
The ending may be a total cop-out , but Wahlberg never embarrasses himself .
It suffers from a bloodless unwillingness to put too much on the line , made corporeal in the editing , with music-slathered time lapse standing in for Bennett 's adrenaline-fueled epiphany during a roulette binge in Reno .
Generally entertaining but Mark Wahlberg is no Kevin Spacey .
The Gambler is a consistently entertaining game of chicken Jim plays with his life .
Too bad the main storyline of The Gambler is so obvious . With a little more finesse we 'd have a great film instead of a very good one .
The Gambler had all the right ingredients ... but it 's a disappointing misfire that fails to capitalize on its intriguing premise .
Blackjack is more of a noose than a needle for this self-destructive blowhard , and if that sounds less dramatic than the tale of a man who just ca n't walk away from the table , it is significantly funnier .
The one bit of good news is that the first Gambler is currently streaming on Netflix . Do yourself a favor and watch that one instead .
Mark Wahlberg puts forth one of his better efforts in The Gambler , a character study that 's more `` Hollywood '' than `` deeply reflective . ''
A searing character study unfolding against a variety of visually-captivating L.A. locales ranging from the seamy to the posh , and underscored by an appropriately-gritty soundtrack .
Those looking for a typical Wahlberg thriller might come away disappointed . Others looking for a less sure bet might reap the rewards .
The Gambler asks us why we root for a hero , just because he 's the protagonist . I 'm not talking about an unlikeable hero or an antihero , but one with whom it is actually foolish for us to identify at all .
Our anti-hero has a gambling addiction . He is depressed . He is trapped . And the arc of the movie is about him trying to ditch his unhappy life and pull it out . Snore .
`` The Gambler '' is a flawed , well-shot throwback that feels swayed by studio interference , full of performances serving a script that limits their efforts to one-liners .
This is a rare remake that stands on its own two feet .
A cooly entertaining countdown narrative whose stakes rarely feel as life-and-death as they 're meant to .
In nearly every scene , Wahlberg carries off the central role with what could be called determined elan .
There 's enough swaggering cynicism for three pictures but barely enough soul to sustain even one in Rupert Wyatt 's `` The Gambler , '' a stylish , energetic but disappointingly glib remake of Karel Reisz 's still-potent 1974 drama of the same title .
Tone trumps all in The Gambler , an exercise in studied cool that 's commendably idiosyncratic , although ultimately not to any great effect .
It 's no mystery why actors and directors want to relive the magic of American studio movies from the fabled 1970s , but if you 're not going to take the risks that the originals did , or illuminate as much about the characters , why redo them at all ?
... screenwriter William Monahan , director Rupert Wyatt , and star Mark Wahlberg have made something that lives and dies on its own merits , in its own voice , worthy of its own conversation .

@highlight

Well-paced and reasonably entertaining in its own right , The Gambler still suffers from comparisons to the James Caan classic that inspired it .