The film moves smoothly , but it is segmented into two clearly delimited and uneven parts ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For the most part Focus is a slickly entertaining popcorn movie .
Too many convenient situations soon become distracting .
In Focus , Will Smith 's suave con artist Nicky Spurgeon tells his protégé/part-time lover Jess Barrett -LRB- Margot Robbie -RRB- his version of the done-to-death cliché : there are two types of people , hammers and nails .
Focus is a bit too slick , but engaging nonetheless .
Nowhere near as clever as aims to be .
The best thing about Focus , as with any successful caper flick , is that you are never quite certain when the con is on and when it 's off .
It 's one of those movies where everything turns out to be a con so you never have to think about which thing is a con , meaning you can sit back and enjoy an OK-enough comedy about a May-December relationship built on a foundation of gambling and thievery .
Smith and Robbie gamely try to get it on , but Jack Foley and Karen Cisco they are not .
It reminds us why he became a star in the first place , and provides a glimpse of where he might go from here .
Regardless of its gleaming production and costume design , smooth technical style and frisky musical score , Focus is largely seductive because Smith and Robbie are the seducers .
While Focus is probably instructive for those wanting to know how to create a diversion and steal a wallet , it lacks the tension and jeopardy required to give this film the momentum it needs to be more than just forgettable fun .
Vacuum-packed free of charm and charisma .
Ficarra and Requa understand the genre and know what makes it effective-they just ca n't quite execute correctly .
Focus takes some pride in its tidy arrangement of con-man movie clichés .
If it 's so easy to guess what women want , why is this movie so utterly devoid of any of it ?
A slick and entertaining cocktail of crime and romance in which Smith plays a , wait for it , bad guy . Sort of .
Entertaining and surprisingly unpredictable .
The first half of the film ... is somewhat entertaining , and some of the comedic dialogue in that section also periodically hits . It is the second half of the film , set three years later in Buenos Aires , where things fall very flat .
Focus stars Will Smith as a master con artist who lets a small-time scammer into his crew , and into his heart . Or ... wait , does he ?
Focus has so many elements that I enjoy in a movie , but I wish its casting had n't made me spend so much time pondering who should have played the male lead in this picture .
If the movie nonetheless leaves us feeling unsatisfied , that 's because the characters , reduced to flies in the writers ' tangled web , never quite give us a reason to care .
Focus was made by the writing/directing team of Glenn Ficarra and John Requa ... The twisted charm -LSB- their -RSB- earlier titles generated is utterly missing this time around .
If it feels like the prequel to a smoother , pacier heist film , at least this is sufficiently charming that we might see a follow-up one day .
Ca n't con us into believing
After a solid decade of dreck , the seductive con man rom-com Focus allows star Will Smith to slip into a little suave adult sophistication , while rehabbing his image by playing the familiar part of the brash , smooth-talking charmer .
It is chiefly the chemistry between the lead pair that makes this movie quite enjoyable .
No new ground is covered , no unknown secrets revealed , but instead you get a mildly entertaining trip into the world of professional crime by some attractive , terrible people .
A good con-job movie , unlike a real-life con-job , finds a way to make you enjoy getting taken for a ride . Focus offers some of that giddy pleasure but it can also be , like its lead character , a bit too smooth and slick and sure of itself .
It 's a caper movie you can keep up with if you just ` Focus . '
It 's nice to see Will Smith having fun in a role again , and Margot Robbie makes for a good partner in crime .
Focus is fun , slick , engaging and sexy . Also Margot Robbie .
The leads are appealing together , and that turns out to be the most crucial element of the movie .
The hole in the story is Smith , who holds onto his detached Will Smith screen persona too closely to make his portrayal on a con man convincing .
Focus would like nothing more than to evoke the easy style and playful personality of the Oceans movies , but surface glamour is no substitute for character .
You do n't want to be any of these b ******* .
It 's ironic that a movie titled `` Focus '' never truly provides a focal point for its audience .
For the start of 2015 this is a strong film that audiences will enjoy !
If I wanted to see a thief not have a good time , I 'd just find footage of Robin Thicke hearing the `` Blurred Lines '' plagiarism verdict .
Focus is a movie with an arbitrary title , but full commitment from its cast .
The film bogs down , certainly , and it bogs down in some very damaging places . But it soars just enough to be , on balance , an enjoyable bit of fluff .
Surprisingly enjoyable in spite of its flaws , Focus almost ` cons ' you into having a good time .
Fails to ensnare its audience thanks to fatiguingly frequent `` ah , bet you did n't see that coming '' narrative twists .
Focus is great fun -LRB- if morally bankrupt -RRB- .
Focus is not a picture that reflects reality , and requires a true suspension of disbelief to fully get along with . However even then , it 's still something of a struggle .
Will gets into pulling off the somehow simultaneous unusual challenge of getting into the trickster head of his artful dodger character Nicky manipulating the world around him , and impressing the audience with believable master con moves as well .
Enjoyable , disposable , twist-laden fun , the film does suffer from that weird , ironic movie syndrome wherein it works so hard to be unpredictable that it adopts a predictable pattern .
In Focus , -LSB- Smith is -RSB- quieter , graver , more emotionally remote , more ... substantial .
One twist and turn too many . Robbie shines while Smith does n't .
It has so much eye-candy razzle-dazzle , and it looks so fabulous , you forget its flaws and get lost in its cool , groovy vibes and its long-con gamesmanship , and-hey , where 's my wallet ?!!
Focus has some hard swallows , including a last-reel speech so inessential it 's comical , but it 's also got a unique syncopation about it that 's admirable , if not entirely effective .
-LSB- Writer-directors Glenn Ficarra and John Requa -RSB- set exactly the right tone as well as tweaking the plot with enough twists to keep your brain engaged . And it looks good too .
There are a few problems with the film , not least the ending -LRB- no spoilers -RRB- , but it has the pizazz and all the elements that you would expect from a film like this .
Focus , while being generally entertaining , is a largely familiar and overly glossy run through cinematic con artist conventions
Never boring but not all that engaging , `` Focus '' proves that Will Smith still has all the charisma he ever did . Unfortunately , that 's not enough to distract us from a mediocre flick .
Once the real game begins , the humor starts to miss and the plot points get ridiculously unbelievable . While Smith shows flashes of his classic charisma , Robbie is under-used and no one else is around to step up and make us care .
Focus is fun , slick , engaging and sexy . Also Margot Robbie .
Focus is about the sensation of having your wallet lifted by a pickpocket with nimble fingers . And it 's skilled enough to earn the viewer 's emptier billfold .
The biggest con is its lack of cons .
That sound you hear is the high-fives in the writers ' room , and that , unfortunately , is where the filmmakers ' focus remains .
Can they trust each other ? Of course not . Do we care ? Not really .
It 's slick and fast and crammed with cons both big and small , but it 's the irresistible dynamic between Will Smith and Margot Robbie that makes this smoke and mirrors flick so enjoyable
This is a fun movie with a lot of twists and turns in the plot . There are some nice set-ups and the story is clever in places , but not quite clever enough . The acting is solid , the pace is fast and the production values are good .
Based on 2013 's Now You See Me and this picture , it 's obvious that Hollywood 's hustlers have lost their sting since the days of Paul Newman .
The first half of ` Focus ' is close to flawless as it slickly delivers laughs and tense set pieces that more than pay off .
When a character refers early on to a manoeuvre called the ` Toledo panic button ' , anyone familiar with Chekhov 's loaded rifle just knows it 's going to be pushed before the movie 's end .
By the end , it feels as though moviegoers are the ones who need to check their pockets .
Had this been a stepping-stone project for Smith in the mid-90s , it would have been perfectly fine . However , I expected more from Will Smith .
... it 's finally impossible not to wonder if the film might 've fared better had it not contained such a ludicrous romantic pairing .
Though it may not go the way you expect it to , Focus makes up for that small disappointment ... with a denouement that 's refreshingly uncynical .
A load of con-artist movie hooey with two spectacular looking leads .
Focus is a movie about con artists that itself is a complete con . It swivels logic and loyalties when necessary , borrows from better cinema scams like The Sting , and plays everyone for suckers . Focus is also a decent amount of fun .
A smart , often wickedly funny look at two people trying to be true to themselves while being utterly false to everyone else .
Despite its ` never lose focus ' catchphrase , unnecessary tangents and underwhelming reveals make Focus a somewhat unfocused , though still enjoyable , viewing experience .
-LSB- For Smith , -RSB- Focus is n't a full return to brilliance but a welcome stop , hopefully , on the way there .
With Smith back in his element plus the timeless appeal of a well-executed con story , Focus is undeniably fun .
Robbie brings such genuine feeling to heavier scenes and such joy to light ones that her acting fools us into thinking Jess is a more developed character than she is .
Ficarra and Requa direct some fascinating sequences , including a long , brisk montage of illegal acts that shows us how Nicky 's team operates .
Making matters somehow worse , co-directors Ficarra and Requa give the proceedings the high gloss of a luxury-car commercial in an effort to offset the film 's toxic levels of avarice with some visual glamour .
It 's a shiny , diverting ride . -LRB- And right about now , that 's OK . -RRB-
Perhaps the film 's greatest trick is the one that happens offscreen : Hours after the end credits roll , it will completely disappear from your mind .
While Focus is fun , with intrigue , twists , and turns that will likely only hold up to one viewing , the romance ends up being the focus . Unfortunately , loyalty between liars does n't equal a love story .
This is the kind of movie where we 're not supposed to know at any time who is playing whom , but since the characterizations are glossy and paper-thin , it 's difficult to get worked up about who gets fleeced .
Engages in so much rug-pulling , eventually , we just stop standing on the rug .
`` Focus '' has a flippant air to it , as if defying you to take it seriously .
Light-hearted and fleet-footed .
If we 're to look at Focus for the qualities of its con , it 'll earn your wallet , and you 'll be totally okay with that .
Mildly entertaining , but mostly preposterous .
... not a scintilla of chemistry between Smith and Robbie ... nauseatingly awful love scenes ... preposterous situations ... dialogue neither clever nor funny ... deficient acting -LRB- but what could anybody do with this script ? -RRB- ... an ending that is worse than absurd .
Charming but uneven heist film is too sexy for young teens .
Two movies for the price of one . You get a sparkling , sexy comedy and its lackluster , dispiriting sequel , both in the same sitting .
Focus is n't one con too many . It 's about a half dozen more than any story can handle .
It 's tough to take anything `` Focus '' offers seriously when it feels as though Nicky and Jess could pull out lightsabers at any moment .
Lots of hocus pocus but not much focus in Focus . Or , dare we say Focus is often out of focus ? Either works . The movie does not .
Slick , subversive and distracted , this crime caper is a mildly entertaining diversion .
As they did in I Love You Phillip Morris and Crazy , Stupid , Love , Ficarra and Requa prove to be masters of misdirection in this fluffy but fun romp .
Sure , the closer you get the more it has a cubic-zirconia feel , costume jewelry instead of the real thing , but , hey , it 's a plenty breezy diversion here in the latter days of this seemingly unending winter .
A double-cross comedy that does n't quite work .
The beautiful people are the sleight of hand that will keep you entertained .
`` Focus '' is like the beginner con artist that Margot Robbie plays in the film - not nearly as smart as it thinks it is , but smart enough to steal the price of a ticket from your pocket without you minding too much .
Someone decided to put a heaping helping of romantic comedy in my heist movie , and it does not taste good .
Getting the short con right is the charm of `` Focus , '' and the goodwill generated by the setup carries the film even when the long con is , should I say , a bit too manipulated and contrived .
The mix of longtime star and minx on the rise is one tasty element in the success of a movie that approaches the modest goals and effortless allure of a 60-year-old Hitchcock .
It all adds up to an entertaining first half hour or so before the plot begins in earnest and the fun factor starts to droop .
Drunk on its perfume-ad cinematography and does n't know when to quit with its double-double cross plotting .
Smith 's natural charisma has been dulled by special effects bonanzas and/or a desire to play against type . In `` Focus , '' he feels like himself again , and he reminds you why he became one of Hollywood 's biggest stars in the first place .
It 's not that the movie keeps you guessing with its intricacy , it 's more like it 's making it up as it goes along .
Mostly , it is fun to watch Will Smith and Margot Robbie , and to marvel at whatever divine or evolutionary miracle concentrated so much charisma in the two of them .
It does enough things right to earn a recommendation , but there are misfires aplenty for those who care to look for them .
Even if you 're willing to forgive its sinkhole plotholes and farthest-fetched conceits , the film - from cowriters/co-directors Glenn Ficarra and John Requa - ultimately makes no sense .
What ` Focus ' lacks most is - focus .
Smith and Robbie are terrific together . At various points along the way , he 's playing her , and then she 's playing him , and then we 're almost positive they 've let their collective guard down and they 're really in love ... Or are they ?
Ficarra and Requa repeatedly trying to fool the audience becomes like watching a magician do minor variations of the same trick expecting the audience to remain impressed .
The problem is the tone . It 's uneven with the dead spots designed more to show off Smith 's personal magnetism , and how good Robbie and her pulsating lips look in a red evening gown or a black bikini , than it is to further the action .
With a few extra passes through the scriptwriting phase , this could have been a classic for the genre . As it stands , it has its moments , but the best come early . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Smith Slick , Robbie Sharp in `` Focus . ''
More entertaining than it deserves to be , `` Focus '' is still a middle-of-the-pack con man movie - pretty to look at , but too flashy for its own good .
Although it 's the sort of film that ca n't pass a mirror without pointing a finger and winking at itself , it generally earns the right to do so .
Yes , it 's a trifle of a film , but it 's a super fun one , like a magic trick that you know how it plays out but enjoy the show anyway
Smith is again playing a hustler and shows his familiar charm and charisma . The film itself plays like an ersatz version of one of David Mamet 's dramas in which everybody is cheating everybody else , but it suffers from a lack of plausibility .
The clue to unravelling this entertaining tale of glamorous grifters is in the title .
This stuff is pretty entertaining on its own , so much that if you just sit back and take it in , you may overlook the fact that the plot is full of holes .
Like many a grifter , this crime caper is all style and no substance .
Smith 's smooth approach -- coupled with the smoldering stylings of Robbie -- gives `` Focus '' an odd combination of coolness and heat .
It 's an old-fashioned formula , but it still works well enough .
The Hollywood stakes for Smith are as high as they are for the con man he plays . As it stands , `` Focus '' just might be a game changer .
The problem with Focus is that it never really does - and in its fuzzy-edged attempts to pull off the long con , the film ends up picking its own pocket .
The film 's chief pleasure comes from fighting the desire to believe at any given point that the hero is finally being sincere , that now we are seeing the real man and his real plan .
In the end , we get the sense that Focus is rigged against us .
The second half feels like Ficarra and Requa ran out of ideas and just hit restart .
It passes in a blur of dullness .
A series of contrived twists ... that fails to recapture the magic of the best Hollywood caper movies of the past .
Tocks like a cheap carriage clock that 's been run over almost as often as it 's been flung down the stairs .
We ca n't say we were n't warned . Will Smith has been telling us not to trust him the entire movie .
At times ... Focus resembles a commercial for a pricey brand of liquor , an elite hotel or a luxury car more than a story-driven movie .
Like a counterfeit handbag : It looks great but falls apart when you reach into it .
... all you 'll remember is that you had a good time , and for the filmmakers , that was likely the humble bar they wanted to hit in the first place .
The story is ludicrous ... Yet Focus , Will Smith 's mea culpa to moviegoers after the post-apocalyptic tedium of After Earth two years ago , is more breezily enjoyable than it has a right to be .
Writer/director Glenn Ficarra & John Requa 's -LRB- `` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' -RRB- latest is a little bit `` Now You See Me , '' a little bit `` Out of Sight '' ... a nice bounce back for Will Smith .
a late winter season surprise .
You come out feeling you 've been had by well-intentioned crooks who are n't ready for the big show .
The film itself comes to feel like a con , thanks to a script that 's too clever by two-thirds , and butterfingered in the ways of portraying love .
FOCUS is pleasant and fizzy , but slightly too soft .
Decent but unremarkable ... the kind of movie you see with some pleasure but no dreams of sequels or remakes .
There 's much to be said for a film that does n't overreach , delivers on most of its promises and gets the audience out the door in just over an hour and a half .
The two stars are dazzling distractions . Robbie is a wow and then some . The Aussie actress shows a comic flair backed up with beauty and steel . Even when Focus fumbles , Robbie deals a winning hand .
Smith and Robbie have fantastic chemistry , and they both bring natural charm to their wary but exuberant characters .
Focus turns out to be a strained trumpeting of the return of the proverbial king of the box office .
-LSB- Will -RSB- Smith is n't at his best here . The role of Nicky tamps down his strengths as a star , forcing him to rein in his outsized persona .
You do n't have to check your brain at the door , exactly , but you might want to set it to cruise control .
There 's a ton of good stuff in `` Focus , '' but it 's frequently undercut by twist after twist after twist , which sort of make us question why we 're supposed to care in the first place .
This is maximum-gloss entertainment with its fair share of tricksy rug-pulls . But , like one of the neon-coloured cocktails Smith drinks in it , it 's more of an immediate rush than something you 'll remember in a year .
Flash trash .
I really love what `` Focus '' is trying to do , which makes it an even bigger bummer that it does n't succeed .
It 's yet another reminder that if it 's not called `` The Sting , '' you should n't get too comfortable with a con-game movie .
It 's like a thief you see from a mile away , who telegraphs his or her every move , and still steals your wallet .
Smith and Robbie , both going through the motions , do n't click at all , and Robbie in particular has nothing to play .
A slick , derivative con man movie starring a typically debonair Will Smith .
Smith wears it like a well-tailored suit , and the brisk , snappy dialogue is well delivered by an able cast .
It does n't take long to catch on to the modus operandi of the romantic comedy/drama Focus -- no matter what outrageous things happen , they will invariably be revealed as elaborate con jobs designed to hoodwink suckers , just like us .
Focus is basically two movies stitched together by the same connective tissue , and only one of the halves is any good .
Even in a lark about con artists working through their trust issues , we need more .
`` Focus '' is ridiculous in every detail . It 's a movie with no truth , that teaches nothing and shows nothing , that has only its audacity to recommend it .
It 's beautifully photographed and entertaining , with charming performances by Will Smith and newcomer Margot Robbie that tease and tantalize . You wo n't be bored .
Although it brings nothing new to the con-artist fold , or even anything thrilling , `` Focus '' is a seductive enough rehash that benefits from the built-in pleasures of the trade .
Focus is a shiny , stylish shell game of a film that , much like its protagonists , relies on breezy chatter , a good sense of humor and a lot of misdirection to succeed .
A very odd blend of caper action , dark drama and romantic comedy , this slickly made con-artist romp never quite finds its stride ...
Unpleasant , humor free , and contrary to accepted codes of movie morality . And that 's before it shows its hand as a pile of implausible sentimental mush .
If it was a real con artist , it would be led away in handcuffs . Nice try , almost got away with it , but not quite .
The aces up Focus ' sleeve are gorgeous stars Will Smith and Margot Robbie , who are so distractingly good they could pick our pockets blind .
Co-stars Will Smith and Margot Robbie remain consistently charismatic , even once the script for this heist caper collapses in a punishing pile of its own twists and double-crosses .
Works hard and does manage to generate entertainment . But the strain shows .
20 times hotter , 200 times smarter than Fifty Shades of Grey .
Sexy stars , pretty cities , nice music and some tricky action . If that 's a con game , well - I 'm happy to be had . And you will be , too .
Focus ' problem is n't that its stars lack charm , but that it 's squeezed into tight spaces between protracted explanations of setups , backstories , and twists-a poor example of the every-shot-must-convey-narrative-information school of filmmaking .
In this lame caper , the biggest scam perpetrated is the one that makes audiences think they 'll have a good time .
Inconsequential but stimulatingly grown-up , `` Focus '' rides a wave of cool to the finish .
If Grace Kelly had been raised by coyotes , she might have stalked the screen like Focus ' Margot Robbie , a va-va-voom blonde with bite
I wonder how huge the disparity between the pay of the two stars was .
What keeps the film humming along as smoothly as it does is the chemistry and charisma of its leads .
Will Smith and Margot Robbie generate enough chemistry to steam up the screen and make the farfetched romantic romp just worth the watch , provided eye candy alone can do for you in lieu of credulity .
As an audience , we should be having the same kind of fun that we had in the third act of The Sting . Why are n't we ?
A predictably unpredictable tale of conmen and women complete with the industry-mandated quantity of fast cars , short skirts , sharp suits , slippery billionaires and `` Oh , it was that guy all along ! '' plot twists .
Focus may have solved the conundrum of the con artist movie . Writer/directors Glenn Ficara and John Requa pulled off the ultimate prestige .
The hotels and high-end clubs in Focus are extraordinarily furnished , and Smith and Robbie look splendid gallivanting among them .
There 's enough to be entertained by in Focus that even when it teeters into ridiculous over-plotting , you know that you can bet on Ficarra and Requa to put together another great centerpiece scene .
A nice mix of old school romance with an inside look at the world of con men and pick pockets , which ultimately does make for an entertainment film .
Let 's just say Travolta and Idina Menzel had more chemistry , and leave it at that .
Will Smith is at the top of his game in Focus , finally back in a movie that deserves him . It 's an exciting , funny and sensual film .
Like a perfect cocktail mixes the sour with the sweet and the bright with the boozy , `` Focus '' combines seamless , superbly-crafted filmmaking with the fizz and fun created by its leads .
One of those empty , know-it-all tales about grifters working scams , and each other , wrapped around an equally vapid love story .
This kind of film needs a punchy right hook to follow up its clever , if outlandish , jab late in the game , and `` Focus '' does n't deliver .
It 's not as smart as you want it to be , but it 's a lot smarter than the worst examples of the genre .
Swindler cinema is only as good as its architecture ; once the big picture is revealed , viewers should be thrilled at having had one pulled over on them . Focus , sadly , leaves you feeling bilked .
Let 's hope this slips away before everyone realizes that terrific hot chick from The Wolf of Wall Street stars in this . Will Smith goes through it looking angry at his agent .
Unfortunately , since the major characters ' salient character traits are insincerity , opaqueness and untruthfulness , it 's hard to invest much interest in any of them .
While not quite the `` art '' it 's billed to be , if the perfect con is about diverting one 's focus , then this one keeps you distracted till the end .
A stylish , consistently diverting romantic caper that , nonetheless , leaves you feeling that you 've been jerked around without sufficient payoff .
If you can believe that two guys would each carry $ 1.2 million cash to the racetrack , you can accept anything this picture throws at you .
There 's not a ton to Focus beneath its surface pleasures , but its surfaces are pleasurable as hell .
Focus is a pretty terrific little movie .
Few films are more annoying than a con caper that has nothing up its sleeve except cool , designer style and Focus falls squarely into that category .
There 's a slinky , Soderbergh vibe in the DNA here ; Focus feels like it 's pitched somewhere between Out Of Sight and Ocean 's Eleven .
Focus , nicely filmed and very competent , delivers come snappy dialogue and fizzy , forgettable fun .
The premise is preposterous and the plot has more holes than St Andrews .
Do n't get me wrong , Focus definitely has its moments , but it 's far from essential viewing .

@highlight

Focus may have a few too many twists and turns , but it nearly skates by on its glamorous setting and the charm of its stars .