While Fellini pondered the possibilities of sin and redemption , Nine 's all-singing , all-dancing , all-laughing remake proffers a mindless celebration of capital S -LRB- as in silly -RRB- sin .
Though the film is uneven , it is worth seeing for the good parts . Daniel Day-Lewis does a credible job .
Though it was n't the best movie musical , Nine certainly had its moments .
A painfully formulaic message , trite dialogue , and a strangely episodic narrative structure that renders the whole thing exhausting .
It 's an over-the-top , eye-popping musical that does n't completely satisfy , especially compared to it 's original source classic .
Largely , the numbers just sit on top of the dramatic action , adding little to our understanding of the characters and seldom contributing to the advancement of the story .
What we get is a film that is close in story to Fellini 's film , but which needed more time for its actresses and better music to make it all worthwhile .
Day-Lewis , over-egging the angst as well as the Eye-talian accent , is charmless and insufferable . But the person you really want to slap is Marshall , whose brash directing style simply does n't suit Nine 's more whimsical charms .
It has a lot to gnaw on , but it 's worth gnawing on .
Sensual musical about love and art has mature themes .
While Marshall 's Nine may be a bit of cheeky fun , it features little worth recommending it over Fellini 's -LSB- 8 1/2 -RSB- . It 's not so much a ` cover song ' as it is a ` dance remix ' .
Nine is a searing , carthartic dissection of the creative process ; as much as it celebrates the trappings accumulated by those who succeed , it is also an engrossing examination of the deeply-troubled mindset that gets them there .
While film allows limitless opportunities to ` open up ' a work that originated on the legit stage , Marshall seems intent on making the material feel even more stagebound on the big screen .
Comes across as a very unimaginative re-working , a shallow interpretation .
Its Broadway brass tunes and mostly non-Italian cast makes Nine feel as Italian as a cold slice of Sbarro pizza .
-LSB- Director Robert -RSB- Marshall and screenwriters Michael Tolkin and Anthony Minghella can only muster a ridiculous American fantasy of Italian culture and la dolce vita .
An uneven arrangement of musical numbers surrounding a stage-to-screen adaptation that was a screen-to-stage adaptation in the first place .
Nine combines a dream cast with a dreamy script and score for a thoughtful and enjoyable musical about art , life and love .
Un musical desparejo , de gran despliegue visual , con algunos pasajes olvidables y otros muy bien logrados . Lo mejor es el elenco -LRB- en especial Daniel Day-Lewis y Marion Cotillard -RRB- y el recuerdo del maestro Federico Fellini , en quien se inspira .
Fellini is lucky that he did n't live long enough to see this .
Daniel Day-Lewis ' miscasting throws the entire movie off kilter and one is left to contemplate the holes in the material .
Bra % u0107i Weinstein vi % u0161e ne polazi za rukom povratiti `` oskarovsku slavu '' , Devet je inferioran njihovom velikom uspjehu - Chicagu
Nine does n't remake Federico Fellini 's 8 1/2 so much as it pillages the classic film for the purposes of Broadway vamping .
The lasting impression of Rob Marshall 's musical Nine is almost ... but not quite .
The musical numbers are delightful but what surrounds them drains the energy provided by those musical moments .
Rob Marshall falls flat with this surprisingly unengaging piece of eye candy .
Every song is a character reading with a revelation to convey as Guido desperately tries to sort out his future as artist , husband and lover .
Looking fabulously expensive and fairly raunchy , Marshall 's elaborate treatment here 's helped immeasurably , of course , by that amazing international female cast .
Despite the A-list cast , this musical tale of a 1960 's Italian film director with writer 's block lacks the sense of passion , mystery and pain that should accompany any journey into the imagination of frustrated artistic genius .
The film 's only fault is that it lacks the driving narrative force that Marshall had with Chicago , which may be the fault of the original author of the libretto , but it results in the film losing momentum between the awesome musical sequences .
While Fellini 's 8 1/2 was a glorious melange of myths , women and dreams , Marshall 's Nine is the product of a neat freak whose determination to tidy everything up ruins all the fun .
Nine is bold enough to embrace Fellini 's self-defeating smirk about movies being `` dead '' as soon as they leave their creator 's mind .
There 's something bumpy about the way the narrative spills into the production numbers
Even brilliant set pieces and an extraordinary cast fail to elevate Rob Marshall 's Nine into a 10
Sometimes less is more . Nine is eight too many .
Karaoke night at Victoria 's Secret
The songs here are not particularly catchy , and while the choreography and set design are tops , they do little to elevate the almost relentlessly somber mood .
A musical feast for the mind and the eye ; Marion Cotillard steals the show
It has the sleek , superficial stylishness of a fashion magazine shoot set in La Dolce Vita Italy . Instead of dazzle , we get the dull drizzle of Guido falling apart .
Enjoyable , but lighter , slighter and a good deal less offensive to feminists than Fellini 's film .
So-so scoring and the sense you 're watching filmed theatre rather than a movie proper . But whether or not you care about Day-Lewis ' tortured auteur , it 's another magnetic performance , backed by displays of motion and emotion from a bevy of icons .
Apart from a touching ballad performed by Cotillard , as Day-Lewis 's wronged wife , you could cut out any of them without affecting the story , mainly because there is n't much of a story to affect .
The worst film of the year is here ... for its absolute awfulness , for its mind-numbing shallowness , for its smug and self-satisfied cast , and for its ability to wreck Daniel Day-Lewis 's otherwise unblemished record .
Now we come to `` Nine , '' which on a scale of 1 to 10 scores a negative 20 . And that 's being generous .
Nine does have some good song and dance and not much else .
Truth be told , it 's a good , but not a great , movie , and one well worth seeing if you like musicals . But see it fast . It probably wo n't be in theaters very long .
There is n't a single intriguing , amusing , passionate or inspiring visual to be found in Nine .
Nine does n't achieve the dynamic range that might have made it far more captivating than it is .
It 's like watching a ` greatest hits ' collection without really ever being a fan of the band .
In the canon of modern musicals , Nine belongs miles beneath Moulin Rouge , and even Evita and bright , whimsical Mamma Mia .
At bottom , what you have is a good film of a fairly good show of a brilliant movie .
How does one recommend a musical that packs a putrid songbook , hires eye candy over proven entertainers and casts perhaps the greatest actor of our generation in the lead even though he ca n't sing a note ?
Marshall has always been marvelous at painting with bodies and light , and this film benefits from that touch immensely because of the abstraction of most of the songs.It may not make you a fan of the show , but it should make you a fan of Rob Marshall and
-LRB- Director Rob -RRB- Marshall injects `` Nine '' with a number of larger-than-life and vibrant musical productions , but the screenplay does n't serve much of a purpose , other than to fill in the gaps between the musical numbers .
Marshall 's staging of the musical numbers - traditionally an important component of the musical - is altogether limp when it is not inane .
Nine is to Italian cinema what Olive Garden is to Italian food . It 's culture lite . It 's Epcot Center instead of arthouse . It 's its own best satire , but does n't realize it .
I loved how the musical numbers exploded inside of Guido 's psyche , each of them having a cinematic pizzazz showing exactly what it must be like to reside within the character 's brainpan .
Director Rob Marshall knows how to put on a show , but that 's just it . It 's only a show . This film is all about the individual performances .
The biggest disappointment of the holiday season -- make that the biggest disappointment of the YEAR -- Nine proves to be both tone-deaf and flat-footed .
Nine is , if not a grand work , terrifically tasty eye and ear candy . Two numbers -- from somewhat unexpected quarters -- are worth the price of admission alone .
Nine should have been called 4Â 1/2 because it does n't come close to the work of the master who inspired it .
The film suffers from the simple fact that its songs are n't memorable .
It 's a movie about a musical about a movie about a man 's inner life -- surely we can eliminate some of the middle men .
I understand the metaphor : Director Contini turns his experiences into movies , often suppressing gritty realities and whipping up elaborate , emotionally hollow fantasies . I just wish director Marshall had n't done the same thing .
You do n't have to love Federico Fellini to hate `` Nine . '' But it helps .
If you remember the lugubriously comical Bela Lugosi accent used by Jason Segel when performing his ` Dracula ' puppet opera in ` Forgetting Sarah Marshall , ' you 've got a notion of Daniel Day-Lewis ' ` singing ' voice in ` Nine . '
Day-Lewis also performs and dances two numbers , and though he does so obligingly , the end result reveals the chinks in this great actorâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s performance arsenal . Also , most of the filmâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s music is instantly forgettable .
A gorgeous production ... but the story , the songs and the vocal performances do n't measure up to the fine trappings of the film .
Unfortunately , the execution of actual movies never lives up to the bizarro spectacles we mount in our minds . Nine is more a derailment than an actual train wreck , more a bumpy annoyance than a compellingly bloody panoply .
Dame Judi Dench singing with a boa on top of a piano ? Said director Rob Marshall , ` Judi 's is the oldest bust ever to be on a piano that did n't belong to a composer . '
Where Fellini dared us to race alongside his imagination , Marshall is thuddingly cautious .
There 's a lot of high-powered star wattage in Nine , but it never generates much heat .
Rob Marshall has neither the personal touch to connect to his main character nor the foresight to realize that a dreamlike cinematic musical about the cinema may not be best served on a damn soundstage .
As movie musicals go , Nine does n't necessarily have that wow factor , but it certainly has enough terrific performances to make it entertaining .
In concept , it 's a bad idea ; in execution , it 's much worse .
Poor Guido . Poor Marshall . Poor audiences , who likely were eager to see this movie -LRB- given the hype , who was n't ? -RRB- , but who likely will leave it knowing they deserved better .
The effect is of a giant thud reverberating amid a sea of sequins and sex , taking the sparkle off both
As a musical -- and a movie -- `` Nine '' is not at all memorable . It is cheesy and underwhelming .
A half-dozen Oscar winners shine in this slick but satisfying musical .
A movie with oodles of flash , loads of style , and a Penelope Cruz song and dance number that will leave every man in the audience needing a very cold , cold shower .
When Nine is fulfilling its duties as a musical , it 's terrific . The songs , however , are in service of a lesser script and story . As the genre goes , this is a minor musical , but worth seeing all the same .
The movie is full of risible pontifications about the nature of art but falls well short of capturing the angst of creative frustration .
The biggest accomplishment of Nine is finding two things that Daniel Day-Lewis ca n't do convincingly .
Charm is not among the qualities Day-Lewis possesses . Intense ? Yes . Intelligent ? Yes . Would sooner slit your throat and finger-paint with your blood than sing a show tune ? Unfortunately for Nine , yes .
Nine expires in every sluggish , graceless scene .
Only Cotillard , as Guido 's long-suffering wife Luisa , is in command of her character whether she 's singing , speaking or just staring darts at her philandering mate .
Fergie steals the show
Overheated and unengaging , Nine is studded with brilliant actors , only some of whom work to their highest levels and then , often , only in moments .
It 's a film within a film about a film within a film , and seems to lose layers of authenticity with each iteration , finally becoming a profoundly alienating experience .
John Lennon once said , `` There 's a great woman behind every idiot . '' This time , I 'm counting seven of them .
Rarely have so many Oscar-winners struggled so strenuously for such meager payoff .
The performances are all outstanding , even better than those in Marshall 's Oscar-winning Chicago .
Perhaps Rob Marshall suffers from an unconscionable disconnect from the material .
Parental Content Review
Fergie 's deep , rich-throated `` Be Italian '' with an almost-endless chorus line of tambourine-beating back-up singers is sheer electricity .
Nine is all songs and no story , a vulgar artistic endeavor that adds nothing whatsoever to the classic film on which it is based .
Nine does n't add up .
Nine has flaws , but I was too busy humming with the energy of this vibrant , eccentric piece of musical entertainment to really care .
A fractured film about creative and coital conundrums that is best sampled like an array of Italian gelatos . In other words , do n't complain about how it all works , just enjoy the yummy bits .
The biggest problem is that the star in the center of this universe is a black hole . Daniel Day-Lewis is arguably the finest actor in the English-speaking world . He 's also the least Italian guy imaginable .
A few vivid performances emerge from the clamor .
It makes for a bit of a confused mess , but one redeemed enough by pulchritude to distract you from the fact that it 's a musical essentially about nothing .
Only in its second half does the film start to show a suggestion of coherence .
Nine is just plain adrift in its own lack of necessity .
The biggest detriment to Marshall 's work is his continued insistence on segregating the music from the film .
The movie musical can still be a splendid bit of escapism . With Nine , the only thing you 'll want to flee is the movie theater itself .
It could use a little less star power and a little more ennui .
A film about a man who is spinning his wheels runs the risk of spinning its wheels , and that 's exactly what happens here .
How can a movie starring six Academy Award-winning actors be such a bore ?
Part homage , part recreation , part innovation -- but , happily , mostly engaging ... -LSB- there 's -RSB- a good deal to enjoy here .
The gals of Nine reach a whole new level of va. . Va. . Voom ... Show-stopping , high-class entertainment .
Let 's not all pile on at once , but Nine is really one of the worst films of 2009 , a truly hideously ill-conceived piece of work .
It 's not often that you can say Day-Lewis is miscast , but he 's too gaunt and dour for this role . Even his accent is wrong .
This has always been a show about the broads , and how they torment , tantalize , judge and revere the suffering mama 's boy . The best way to approach Nine is as a fashion spread rather than an actual story .
A hugely theatrical , often enjoyable experience .
Boasts an all-star ensemble cast , lively musical numbers , but it suffers from style over substance with an uneven balance of drama and romance that leaves you unmoved and underwhelmed .
The jaw-droppingly awful Nine is the worst Broadway-to - Hollywood transfer since The Producers -- the cinematic equivalent of that movie 's show `` Springtime for Hitler . ''
Like he did in Chicago , Marshall films and edits the hell out of the musical numbers , but Nike TV commercials look pretty cool , too .
What Svengali effect does -LSB- Rob Marshall -RSB- have over top-of-the-line actors that lures them into such assaults on good taste ?
We do n't need to see Daniel Day-Lewis and Nicole Kidman sing a duet next to a Roman fountain any more than we need to see an elephant pirouette in a tutu , but would n't you be crazy to pass up the opportunity to see either ?
Coming off his spectacular Chicago , Rob Marshall has hit the wall with this musical version of Frederico Fellini 's autobiographical 8 1/2 .
I have no idea why , whenever a studio decides to do a big musical , they never actually hire singers to act in the films
A singing , dancing Italian Daniel Day Lewis is not , I 'm afraid .
I still wish Hollywood would hire singers rather than stars to perform in musicals , but I enjoyed Nine anyway .
Moments of razzle-dazzle delights but somewhat disappointing .
If you 're looking for women in feathered boas doing high kicks to an assortment of vintage sounding musical numbers then Nine delivers . So do the Rockettes .
The rotten music is exacerbated by the cast of non-professionals trying to sing and dance and a director who substitutes quick cuts and loudness for choreography and voice .
For every couple of failures , a triumph ; the finale is perfect . And do n't you have to end well ?
Nine ? More Like a Six
Daniel Day-Lewis sings , dances and furrows his brow in a Rob Marshall 's musical that could have been a 10 but is only a 5 .
It 's all `` a tale told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . '' That , my friends , pretty much sums up this silly , formless spectacle . For all its razzle-dazzle and brouhaha , ` Nine ' is a bore , fading from memory almost instantly .
A hyperactive musical with elaborate song-and-dance explosions , energetic performances and all the restraint and measured judgment of Tiger Woods at Perkins .
It 's still worth seeing Nine for Day-Lewis 's bemused intensity and for the showstopping appearances by Sophia Loren -LRB- still looking great -RRB- , Kate Hudson , Dame Judi Dench -LRB- yes , she sings -RRB- , and Cruz .
Straining to capture artistic frenzy , it descends into vulgar chaos , less a homage to Federico Fellini 1/2s 8 1/2 -LRB- its putative inspiration -RRB- than a travesty .
Although lacking in the sharpness and precision of his previous hit `` Chicago '' this is the glossiest film with the best cast of the year . A feel good film for the Holiday Season .
Though slightly marred by a clunky structure and a lack of truly catchy tunes , Nine 's wall-to-wall first-rate performances from its stellar cast -LRB- especially Cotillard -RRB- add a touch of class .
To give Day-Lewis his due , the actor grounds the film 's sillier tendencies in a charming performance of mercurial despair .
Welcome to the Pussycat Dolls Do Italy . If we wanted to see a middle-aged has-been drooling over an Ann Summers live show , we 'd stalk Peter Stringfellow .
It looks great , but the magic is missing , sacrificed to Marshall 's steadfast allegiance to surface style and his inability to find the specific focus the material demands .
Someone call Geneva . Torture has a new name , and it 's called Nine . For there are few more agonising experiences this holiday season than squirming through the painfully misfired ambitions of this star-studded Rob Marshall musical .
A musical that is hideously naff , shallow , creepingly misogynist , badly acted and as phoney as a three-lire bill .
Nine proudly luxuriates in its perfumed idea of Cinema Italiano , but it would be a lot easier to recommend if there were any decent tunes to whistle on the way home .
Director Rob Marshall 's handsome adaptation of the Broadway musical - based on Frederico Fellini 's travails while shooting 8 1/2 - piles an awful lot of drama onto a paper thin plot . It 's certainly no Chicago .
The film as a whole is cold and uninvolving , even with Sophia Loren adding some much-needed Italian authenticity to the retro hollowness .
Marshall does his best to disguise the cast 's lack of terpsichorean talent with fast editing , but does n't entirely succeed .
Some great numbers and stunning set designs are let down by a failure to make us care about Guido 's plight .
A sexy , all-singing , all-dancing treat .
Loud , brash , brassy , sexy and sometimes tacky or silly , but always entertaining .
Bitty and frequently batty , Nine does n't have the sultry cogency or louche mellifluousness of Chicago . But it will do for Christmas ' 09 .
You will not tap your toes , you will not come out humming , you will not want to hear their like - `` Those scenes I love to see / From Guido 's p.o.v. '' - in a very long time .
A slick , razzle-dazzle entertainment that does n't engage your heart in the way that it should .
Though Nine oozes glam and sophistication , it falls disappointingly flat when it comes to engaging story .
A smart and classy film which comfortably trumps the stage show .
Nine is an enjoyable , well written musical that 's worth seeing for the terrific performances .
This musical has a nicely introspective tone as it follows a filmmaker struggling to move forward in his career after a few flops . The music is n't hugely memorable , but the characters are vivid .
Director Rob Marshall has come up with something close to an ideal modern screen musical . It is every inch a toe-tapping , show - stopping tour de force that has a big chance of snagging some gold come awards season .
Splashy , glitzy and glamourous , Nine is a raucous , sexy time that brings fun and star power back into the cinemas .
Nine has an appealingly nutty energy that plays out with more clarity and purpose than the choppy , frenetic Chicago .
By indulging the audience in shallow cinematic pleasures , Nine knows how to use style to trump substance .
There 's nothing mundane , at least visually , about the film . Bombarded with fast-cut images , the eye does n't rest for a moment .
What may have worked as a stage-bound reimagining flounders not as spectacle but as story once it is returned to Fellini 's domain .
A musical lacking enthusiasm , lacking any memorable songs , and just overall lacking any semblance of an entertaining story .
... like a big-time variety show , with Daniel Day-Lewis as the oddly selected host .
The numbers are flashy enough to entertain , and the cast appealing enough to appreciate . Just do n't expect to fall in love .
Perhaps Zero would have been a better name .
Fellini provides a tough point of comparison for anyone , but maybe Nine should have stayed on the stage , where it could benefit from having a medium all to itself .
Self-reflective and surreal , it 's dazzling yet uneven , as the sumptuous whole adds up to less than a sum of its parts .
wandering , sporadically entertaining adaptation
Lost are Fellini 's autobiographical nuances , the deep philosophical and psychoanalytical ramblings , the artistic construction of identity , and the very film specific deconstruction at play . They even scrap the circus ! It just makes you wonder what the poi
Director-choreographer Rob Marshall does for a lesser stage work what he did for ` Chicago . ' ` Nine ' scores a ten .
Rob Marshall 's best film yet -- a delirious celebration of the musical in all of its glamour and seduction , a total dazzler .
Nine offers mostly lackluster music ... Yet , without the music , Nine would be that absolutely unnecessary object : a remake of 8 1/2 .
All the heaving bosoms , coy smiles , and Italian fashion fetishism ca n't cover for the film 's frightening lack of a soul .
Marshall overlooks the potentially unsavory dimensions of a reputed scaliwag director 's sex life in favor of a succession of bloodlessly PG-13 encounters heavy on implication .
Too often , the narrative portions of Nine feel like bridges to move from one song to the next . In the best musicals , song and dialogue blend seamlessly ; that 's not always the case here .
Rob Marshall 's flawed but frequently dazzling Nine is a hot-blooded musical fantasia full of song , dance , raging emotion and simmering sexuality .
Nine represents the kind of colossal misfire that killed the movie musical back in the late '60s ; here 's hoping the genre can survive it .
Onstage , there was so much glamour I could n't decide whom to concentrate on . In the movie , they 're so obnoxious I just wanted them to shut up and go home . The movie is busy , but in their failed homage to Fellini , they 've lost his mystery and humor .
Nine thrashes about in search of `` cinema '' the way a child thrown into the deep end of a pool flails for a flotation device .
Calculated to be show-stoppers , the songs often end up as quaint throwbacks .
You long for the ghost of Lorenz Hart to be unleashed on the whole affair , with a hard blue pencil and a head full of rhymes .
If a Broadway musical loosely based on Federico Fellini 's 1963 deconstructionist masterpiece `` 8 1/2 '' sounds like a recipe for disaster , it is .
All the movie 's elements , with the exception of the irritatingly hyperactive editing during the musical numbers , are top-notch . So why is n't `` Nine '' more satisfying in the end ?
Nine is filled with treats for the eye and ear , because in the end Marshall is no slouch in the talent department .
Marshall 's staging lacks the thrilling unity he brought to Chicago . The numbers , while lively , remain cluttered and stage-bound .
A shocking disappointment . A mess without one show-stopper song .
Tackling more challenging material than Chicago , one that has cultural cache due to Fellini 's seminal 81/2 , Marshall relies too much on montage and melodrama , but the musical features a femme-driven cast that 's truly dazzling .
When Daniel Day-Lewis 's character daydreams , the screen is on fire .
Breezily superficial and emotionally hollow , it steers well clear of the surreal self-examination of its seminal source movie 8 1/2 and works best as a slick music video-styled spectacle of retro Italia .
Nine is the movie that the detractors of Chicago accused it of being .
Nine is simply sensational and is indeed a worthy successor to his Best Picture winner , Chicago in every way .
Most certainly not a failure of effort . But mistakes were made . Big mistakes .
The disappointments are many here , from a starry cast the film ill uses to flat musical numbers that never fully integrate into the dramatic story .
Sophisticated , sexy and stylishly decked out , Rob Marshall 's disciplined , tightly focused film impresses and amuses as it extravagantly renders the creative crisis of a middle-aged Italian director , circa 1965 .









@highlight

It has a game , great-looking cast , led by the always worthwhile Daniel Day-Lewis , but Rob Marshall 's Nine is chaotic and curiously distant .