It 's not a masterpiece by any stretch ; but it 's original and pacy , and those qualities are rare enough .
Hardy does an admirable job of making this monster human , which he achieves with surprising wit and a visceral , attention-grabbing passion .
... the film can barely contain Tom Hardy 's performance . It 's a Method turn so bloodily immersive it 's hard to imagine the actor getting his head straight afterwards .
The movie 's giddy brio can leave you punch-drunk , and oddly unsatisfied .
An overstylized mess , with a brave but pointless performance from Tom Hardy as a lifelong prisoner who just wants to destroy everything around him , most of all himself .
... an anthropological study in human viciousness , like a nature film done by Stanley Kubrick .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Britain 's Got Talent never looked so good .
Bronson does n't have much to say , but it 's a very fun exercise in bad behavior that 's neither glamorized nor bemoaned .
It 's content to be a kind of freak-show character study of a man who embraces anarchy , not for its own sake but for the fame and adrenaline that it brings him .
This is psychotic behavior as performance art , and Hardy makes it irresistible .
Part literate black comedy , part surrealistic character study , part horror movie , Bronson is a sophisticated confection , rich and dark , sprinkled with bitter little jokes .
For such a potentially exciting subject matter , Bronson hits way too many lulls .
In the end , `` Bronson '' is a beautiful , intense film about a man that may or may not be insane , based on events that might actually have occurred in his life .
Director and co-writer Nicolas Winding Refn strives mightily to match his star crescendo for crescendo , which can be exhausting . But the film is nimble and spare enough to absorb most of the director 's outré inspirations .
Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s a meditation on the art of rage -- an action painting passing itself off as an action movie .
Done differently , the cat-and-mouse brawling could get tiresome , but Tom Hardy as Bronson -- with his shaved head , handlebar moustache , and glittering eyes -- is mesmerizing .
If you want to spend two hours with a psychopath who loves nothing more than getting naked and brawling with prison guards , this is for you . I prefer vintage Kurosawa .
A figure this luridly fascinating , a personality this ludicrously outsized , warrants something more than your typical biopic .
A stylized portrait of a criminal famous in his native Britain as perhaps the most violent man in Her Majesty 's prison system , Bronson serves primarily as a showcase for Tom Hardy 's undeniably brilliant performance .
Strap yourself in for a jaw-dropping performance from Tom Hardy as he completely inhabits the role of Britain 's most notorious prisoner in this highly stylised piece of mischievous cinematic vaudeville .
... not a great film but garners a strong performance from its star -LSB- Tom Hardy -RSB- .
Nicolas Winding Refn -LRB- `` The Pusher '' trilogy -RRB- takes an experimental approach to the biopic , letting his subject guide the way through his life so far as if it were a piece of performance art .
Hardy 's range is impressive , and he makes Refn 's latest an arresting spectacle , if not a particularly enlightening one .
`` Nuffin ' wonky about my upbringing , '' Bronson says , early on . Nothing wonky about Hardy 's performance , either .
-LSB- Tom Hardy gives -RSB- one of the best performances of the year , maybe . It is certainly one of the most committed .
Charles Bronson seems like a bit of a sweetheart , when he 's not trying to gouge someone 's eyes out .
A pointless exercise in morbidity .
Bronson is one of those `` based on a true story '' dramatizations where the theatrically staged drama only gets in the way of the more interesting truth .
Refn presents this jolly madman in a variety of showbiz fantasies -LRB- wearing clown makeup , addressing a packed theater -RRB- to tease out the weird disjuncture between his penal isolation and his tabloid fame in the UK .
It 's impossible to deny Hardy 's astounding performance , which partially redeems the picture . Looking like a mad circus strongman , his moustache seeming to twirl all by itself , he 's so fully immersed in his character , you fear for his sanity .
He 's spent 34 years behind bars , mostly in solitary . When the movie ends , you 'll feel you 've done hard time yourself .
The movie takes on a fearsome purity , refusing to find reasons , indifferent to motives , not even finding causes and effects . It is 92 minutes of rage , acted by Tom Hardy .
The film does a good job of presenting in bloody detail the misdeeds of a misanthrope while italicizing his underdeveloped artistic abilities , but it is obtuse when it comes to character development .
Bronson just keeps coming , straight ahead , like a bull charging through the slaughterhouse door .
Stylish kick ass sympathetic but revealing biopic of the notorious and pitiful British felon Michael Gordon Peterson .
Writer-director Nicolas Winding Refn uses some inventive theatrical interludes and soliloquies to diversify what might have otherwise been a rather one-note depiction of prison life .
Refn directs as a series of episodes , each set up for maximum weirdness and black humor , always emphasizing large , blocky spaces and fluid motion .
The tone is surreal , at once visceral and clinical , making Bronson an unsettling experience : savage , disturbing , and yet somehow fascinating .
Tom Hardy gives a disgustingly excellent performance .
Hardy chomps down on his once-in-a-career role with stunning ferocity and never lets go . He 's extraordinary .
Tom Hardy proves more than ready for his close-up , cackling , snarling and head-butting his way through Pusher director Nicolas Winding Refn 's mercifully unconventional biopic .
An invigorating , refreshingly stylish biopic brimming with dark humor , surrealism and an unforgettable , brave performance by Tom Hardy .
A bit like Stanley Kubrick 's Clockwork Orange reimagined as a one-man stage show and stripped of any political implications .
Refn films much of the violence in slow motion , accompanied by classical music , which adds impact to the brutality .
Bronson is an explosive , theatrical , fourth-wall-busting project that will strike some viewers -LRB- like me -RRB- as prodigious and others as unbearably pretentious .
Tom Hardy is pure dynamite in the role , beefing up 35 pounds to play Britain 's most notorious prisoner .
Refn tells his story in a gripping , genre-breaking way , introducing broad theatricality and surreal animation . In some scenes , Peterson delivers monologues in a clown 's whiteface ; in others , we 're in an asylum as mad as its patients .
The `` doing crime for fame '' theme is more than a little played-out , but Hardy 's so boisterous -- and Refn 's filmmaking so dynamic -- that it 's fairly easy to buy in to the inherent entertainment value of bloody fisticuffs .
An unnerving , barking-mad black comedy surveying the fractured mind of `` the most violent prisoner in Britain , '' the picture is a divisive beast , shimmying between cracking wise and cracking skulls , often erratically so .
Hardy 's portrayal is more than a real-life impersonation of Bronson ; it realizes the Stunt Movie opportunity to present an actor 's thoroughly romantic admiration of force .
The kernel of an idea -- brutish antihero as irrepressible life force -- is trampled into dust by the showy Sturm und Drang of Refn 's filmmaking .
Kubrick 's A Clockwork Orange is an easy in for those looking for comparisons in terms of tone and mood and style .
Bronson is a fast , ferocious , wickedly funny portrait of one man 's acceptance of his bone-deep animalism .
A kind of second cousin to Paolo Sorrentino 's `` Il Divo '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , `` Bronson '' shares that film 's mechanical sense of ambivalent regard for its subject '
animalistic
While I ca n't say Bronson is - to lean on a running gag of the movie 's - `` my cuppa tea , '' I ca n't say it is n't art either .
Not among the best movies this year , but arguably the most creative and novel so far .
I. . . found this repulsive ; and the endless brutality of Bronson 's so-called art became numbing and tedious .
Like a cross between A Clockwork Orange and an extended music video ...
Tom Hardy is just outstanding , actually all the performances are pitch perfect for the material . It 's a class act this film , it just will not appeal to audiences who do n't want to be confronted with violence when they go to the movies .
It is a mesmerising performance from Tom Hardy . But as a study of this man , it did n't interest me at all . I thought it was rather facile .
Winding Refn has created a gripping tale of the institutionalised madness of this violent criminal who relishes in his new found alter ego .
Gripping and visceral , ugly and beautiful , terrible and haunting , Bronson is quite brilliant .
A determinedly ugly movie , as brutish in its delivery as its subject is brutish in character , Bronson fails to offer meaningful insight into the life of a singularly idiotic individual .
In addition to celebrating violence , this most brutal of biopics is virulently homophobic . And its other disagreeable overtones of pretentiousness and precious fringe-theatricality make it a uniquely gruesome experience .
Do n't let Tom Hardy turn Bronson into a caricature of what we expect mad people to be like .
The career of a real-life recidivist hardman gets a highly stylised theatrical treatment , matched by virtuoso direction and a career-making lead performance .
The problem with Bronson - and the movie is certainly a problem - is how hard it wants to be a visceral tour de force , and how stunted this objective ends up feeling .
An example of a film that is , in all likelihood , considerably more intelligent and interesting than its subject .
A weird and wonderful anti-biopic
Hardy delivers a committed if showy performance , but there are some awful smaller turns which smell dangerously of homophobia . The whole thing made me want to scrub my brain with Vim .
in a film closer to A Clockwork Orange or Blue Velvet than to Chopper , brutal ultraviolence and arthouse oddity make for an arresting mix , while it is impossible to take your eyes off Hardy 's intense serio-comic turn .
Bronson resembles A Clockwork Orange or Jubilee : brutal , arty . Tom Hardy is exceptional , snarling and uncompromising , alert and always impenetrable . We are not asked to pity Bronson , only to spectate at an exhibition of criminal creativity .
If it 's to be remembered for anything , it will be as the Romper Stomper to a next generation 's Russell Crowe .
Dark , intelligent and disturbing , supported by a force-of-nature lead performance and a clever screenplay .
Has `` cult hit '' written all over it .




@highlight

Undeniably gripping , Bronson forces the viewer to make some hard decisions about where the line between art and exploitation lies .