If there 's any justice , Role Models will see Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott propelled to the status of comedy Gods .
Two boyish mentors bond with their charges in a swift comedy that lampoons Big Brother programs and the world of live-action role-play .
Role Models is Rudd 's first screenplay credit , and to that all we can say is , what on earth took so long ?
This is an obviously contrived plot , but the script , co-written by Rudd , director David Wain , support actor Ken Marino and writer Tim Dowling , is packed with great jokes ...
Role Models plays loose and easy , but not to the point of being lazy .
Rudd and Scott are n't stretching any new muscles , but Rudd 's glum disaffection and Scott 's bozo bonhomie do gel with a satisfying stickiness . They handle the gaping innuendo with such delicacy we know that they know they 're better than this .
A formulaic movie can be lifted out of its built-in rut by making it look like it invented the formula . Almost everything works here .
Role Models could have been another formulaic comedy , fresh off the assembly line . Instead , the work of Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott here is worthy of praise and one of the funnier films this year .
A light but heartily funny diversion , best served with a raucous audience who appreciate a masterful KISS joke when they see one .
A typically underwhelming post-Apatow comedy ...
There 's a constant sarcastic rapport between Rudd and Scott right from the get-go that makes the wholly expected plot developments easier to stomach .
Role Models is a film for the nerds , by the nerds . Lucky for Role Models , the rest of our culture is catching up and are invited along as well .
Each bottom feeding joke manages to be more side-splitting than the last .
Bobb ' e J. Thompson upstages the entire cast with his wit . Thompson was so crass -- I have n't seen a kid curse this much in a movie since Linda Blair in ` The Exorcist ' !
... One of the best recent comedies not bearing the Apatow name .
No one is going to marvel at the actors ' Stanislavsky-like artistry , but Scott and Rudd are fun to watch and their bickering is hilarious ...
There are some very serious issues here about absent fathers and the lack of positive role models for young males , but they 're just a cynical hook for a film full of homophobic , misogynist humour .
What Role Models does well is extract every last loose-moral laugh it can from its who-is-educating-who ? scenario .
Like School Of Rock and The Bad News Bears , it cleverly walks a fine line by throwing kids in amongst the filth .
A great example of the Emotionally Stunted Men Grow A Heart sub-genre . Role Models staves off the January blues and puts a marker down as 2009 's laugh-out-loud comedy to beat .
` Role Models ' is n't trying to reinvent the wheel , just polish it up a little . What emerges is a memorable slice of modern slapstick , with charm to spare and just a touch of soul .
It may be slight , it may be derivative , but this comedy for -LRB- if not quite about -RRB- adults is also deliriously funny .
The upbeat ending is inevitable but the script 's undercurrent of scalding sarcasm keeps it fresh .
Role Models is exuberantly staged , fitfully funny and boasts a glorious supporting turn from Jane Lynch as the demagogic onetime addict .
Role Models matures with age , becoming sweeter and less raucous as it goes on . Unfortunately , when it finds its heart , it loses its legs .
For most of the film 's running time , Wain refuses to give in to mush or melodrama , preferring to prod hopelessly dysfunctional characters into uneasy duels , just to see who blinks first .
It 's a slackly directed , grubbily photographed , utterly formulaic comedy .
While better than it should be , if you listen hard enough you can actually hear a barrel being scraped between the gags .
The wonderful Jane Lynch -LRB- 40-Year-Old Virgin -RRB- steals each of her scenes as the charity project leader , a reformed cokehead singing from the right-on community care hymnsheet .
Neither Rudd nor Scott are naturally funny performers , and neither are nearly as effective as their two young charges . Lynch 's Sturdy Wings manager is easily the best bet for laughs .
Like so many of Hollywood 's youth oriented comedies , this is like a mound of dog turd flavoured with honey ; the crass vulgarities are sweetened by add-on humanity . But just like dog turd with honey on it , the mess is unappetising
Excellent anarchic fun with a twist of psychological truth .
Enjoyable comedy with likeable characters , strong comic performances and several big laughs , though it 's also entirely predictable from start to finish .
Kansas City native Paul Rudd is not only taking on a new lead role , but is also making an attempt at writing , and let 's say it 's a good one .
Rudd , a longtime underappreciated utility player , knocks it out on this all-too-rare outing as a lead .
Role Models invites you to celebrate the kingdom as advertised on its website : a `` fantasy world where anything is possible '' at least if you 're a boy in need of approval .
Has a very high high laugh-per-minute ratio .
Wain gets some mileage out of his humorous stars ... . But eventually the sound of little Thompson spouting obscenities loses its magic .
Offering a trio of elements so effective that they literally blot out almost everything that 's bad , -LRB- the film -RRB- finds a way to milk the current craze for anything Apatow into a sweet , sarcastic slice of coming of age affection
Well , here 's something we do n't usually see at the movies . Role Models is a raucously bawdy lowbrow comedy with a brain .
Rudd , who co-wrote the script with director David Wain -LRB- among others -RRB- , clearly learned a few things working on Judd Apatow comedies .
Wain 's loopy-minded laugher does carry some credible distinction as being somewhat earnest within its snappy , obnoxious boundaries .
For a premise that sounds a bit shaky , the cast of Role Models simply sell it .
Disarmingly likeable characters and a genuinely engaging story set this gross-out romp apart from other Apatow-style adult comedies
These guys know it 's high concept , but they play it . The idea of Scott and Rudd as Big Brother type mentors to special needs children is awesome .
Role Models follows a well-worn path , but thanks to a sure-footed cast and crew , it does n't just go through the motions .
` Role Models ' is what you might expect , a juvenile farce that celebrates a sort of nihilistic , anything-goes raunchiness before revealing its heart of gold . There 's nothing wrong with a formula like this when it works . Here it does .
Where most mainstream comedies strain to make their jokes as zany and crazy as possible , Role Models has the unspeakable bravery to base almost all of its comedy on things that could actually happen .
I really enjoyed it and definitely recommend it . And you 've got Jane Lynch in another outstanding performance . What more could you want ?
Great stuff ? No , not really . But it 's entertaining and funnier than most things that show up claiming to be comedies these days .
It climaxes poorly with a wishful pat ending . But by that time , the film had won me over .
If you can get past all the trash talk you will find a movie with a message - and it 's a good one .
It may not be the most original comedy ever , but what Role Models lacks in originality of concept , it makes up for in the natural wittiness of its actors .
I really had a lot of fun .
Role Models wobbles like crazy en route to a surprisingly strong finish .
works well enough for fans of blue humor , but does n't have enough heart to make the film into a triumph of the genre .
What works is its canny deployment of reasonable warmth and , hold on to your hats , surprising smarts .
No matter what dumbest-smart-guy-in-the-room he 's playing , Paul Rudd just makes films better . If only this ` Ben Affleck ' would move to Kiss-my-anthia with me .
If the picture sometimes seems like little more than a clothesline for gags , and its dude-child characters are beginning to look a little shopworn , and it sinks into raucous silliness toward the end , it 's still consistently funny ...
I 've been in the Kiss Army since first hearing ` Destroyer ' at age 13 , and I can safely say that , Mr. Wain , you 've gone too far .
An irresponsible frittering away of the cinematic capital amassed by Stiffler , McLovin and other beloved icons of the teen genre .
Do we really need another raunchy , potty-mouthed adults-only comedy ? Well , if that film is `` Role Models , '' then the answer is a resounding `` Yes ! '' Cleverly written around a formula , it 's the details that make this movie so funny and fresh .
-LSB- It -RSB- mixes broad characters , R-rated humor , and a slight plot yet somehow makes the formula work .
Anarchy reigns in this raunchy , profanity-laden , arrested development comedy about two immature buddies with commitment issues .
All the people behind me in the back section were cackling their heads off during most of the movie .
But even with the film 's few flaws , Wain has proven with Role Models that he could eventually be mentioned in the same breath with R-rated comedy masters Judd Apatow , Kevin Smith and the Farrelly brothers .
What it is , though , is well acted , well written and extremely polished . Most important of all , it 's really funny .
Coarse adult comedy elicits some big laughs .
As far as raunchy comedies go , I would rank this under `` eh . . ''
Just bizarre enough to work -- and when it does , it can be a howler .
Neither fish nor fowl , in its attempt to appeal to audiences both over and under 21 , Role Models finds itself betwixt and be-tween-er .
His -LSB- Paul Rudd 's -RSB- disarming , boy-next-door persona makes every movie he 's in better . Rudd should make more of them . Or not .
what Drillbit Taylor should have been if it had gone for an R rating instead of the safe PG-13
You can probably figure out how this is all going to end , but it still has more laughs than you might think .
Something bizarre starts to happen around the halfway mark , perhaps because no one knew how to develop the original premise .
It 's pretty formulaic stuff , and earns its R rating with profanity and unapologetically gratuitous female nudity , but somehow has a winning knuckleheaded charm .
There are three things that every modern screen comedy needs : references to old KISS songs , guys dressed as knights whacking each other with foam swords , and a potty-mouthed 10-year-old .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- fueled by genuine affection for its oddball characters .
Like any formula , it can work if done well , and Role Models is strewn with enough serendipities to make it a worthy variation on the dudes-grow-up genre .
It 's not the best comedy of the season , but it 's far from the worst , and some days that 's more than enough .
It 's all very wrong , but , strangely enough , also quite right .
If big , stupid fun is high on your required viewing list , look no further than Role Models .
Role Models seemed like a movie that was so easy to make . Scott and Rudd play the same characters they always play and it is perfectly formulaic . Did I mention that it is pretty hilarious ?
The equivalent of trying to sneak an issue of Newsweek into the house , rolled up inside a copy of Mad magazine .
It 's hard to remember a recent comedy that piled one memorable moment after another near the ending as this one does .
Lynch 's scenes as the chipper 12-stepping counselor -- who always seems a little too eager to talk about her days before sobriety -- are pretty hilarious .
You stand a fair chance of emerging from the movie with your lack of faith in humanity unchallenged .
Role Models proves that a drab and formulaic Hollywood studio comedy can still make you laugh hard enough to choke on your popcorn .
Shock value can only carry you so far .
Role Models crosses plenty of familiar territory , but Wain and his merry band of mischief-makers offer a likeable , laughable mix of testosterone and heart .
At times , there 's a sense the writers are trying to shoehorn sexual crudity into the plot to hit the young male market , but that feels uncomfortably out of place in a movie about helping children .
It 's not often that a film with mortifying first-act problems redeems itself , but somehow Role Models manages to grow in parallel with its characters .
... fitful laughs ...
A riotous comedy from director David Wain .
Role Models is about as irresponsible and as irreverent as a movie comedy can be .
Filth and sentimentality -- the yin - yang combo of current guy comedy -- entwine in Role Models with the naughty bits overpowering the funny .
The general tone is one of crusty , unapologetic misanthropy , driven home by the formidable Rudd -LRB- who also kicked in on the script -RRB- .
Though its grosses may not soar into the realm occupied by Superbad and American Pie , it has more sympathy for its characters .
Role Models plays well within the Judd Apatow playpen , but its shaggy-dog dyspepsia renders it both less commercial and a little more dangerous , and Rudd is why . He 's W.C. Fields trapped in the body of Cary Grant .
The movie , like its unlikely heroes , has its pungent moments . At its best , it balances salt and sap .
The script 's rampant wrongness would have been amusing enough on the page , but the delivery from the cast makes the material consistently laugh-out-loud funny .
Role Models pours sugar and cream on everything and turns it to mush .
In Role Models , Wain buys into the sturdy commercial formulas he 's spent his career mocking , but the results are so winning that they threaten to give selling out a good name .
Here , he 's actually got a story and some characters to work with , and can add offbeat , even subversive humor to a sturdy plot structure .
Do n't do as these naughty Role Models do , just laugh right along with them .
There are enough laughs in Role Models to recommend it if you 're desperate , but the first half-hour hints at a great comedy to come and it 's just okay instead .
Parental Content Review
Role Models is like a comfortable , old sweater . It may be somewhat threadbare and out of fashion , but you wear it because it 's familiar and snug and makes you feel cozy .
For every bit of frat-house jocularity there 's a quiet , off-the-wall moment to keep things grounded in this surprisingly satisfying comedy .
The goofy works when Role Models is outright goofy
The only thing that really matters is that Role Models made me laugh , and considering how little else has in 2008 that 's a gift I 'm not exactly going to complain about .
Continues the trend of R-rated comedies mixing serious do n't - bring-grandma vulgarity with totally unironic , all-stops-out sweetness and sentimentality .
It takes a one-joke premise that might have suffered quite badly in the wrong hands and pulls it off thanks to a combination of a lot of inspired individual bits and a cast of actors who deliver them in such a way that you are laughing too hard to notice
David Wain 's Role Models can both stand proudly alongside the recent spate of vulgar R-rated comedies and provide definitive proof why we no longer laugh at Sandler 's films .
-LSB- The -RSB- usual Frankensteinien assemblage of tittering about bodily fluids , casual homophobia , random emotionless sex acts , and other such expressions of apparently unoutgrowable male adolescent anxiety that passes for American comedy these days .
Paul Rudd , who has been the best thing in too many films , has co-created a film that manages to insult the intelligence of its characters without insulting the intelligence of its audience .
Although it delivers a consistent dose of chuckles , you ca n't help but wonder if Role Models falls short of its potential .
Proudly irrelevant and inconsequential as it is , Role Models is buoyant and funny and has enough sense not to take itself seriously .
Role Models is a rare mainstream buddy comedy that deftly blends the endearing and the vulgar and intersperses raucous humor with subtle wit .
In this brand of comedy , nothing succeeds like excess , and this film is seriously deficient .
... finds its humor in excess , the best of it from supporting players . Jane Lynch is at her most inspired ...
Manages to carve out a niche of its own : the formulaic , mildly post-modern , potty-mouthed After School Special .
When the finale of your movie involves a twenty-minute fantasy battle between role-playing enthusiasts , it is safe to say you have lost your way .
Like its main characters , the movie is simply stuck on stupid .
Rudd has his shot at the marquee , and he makes the most of it , mainly by defying all reasonable Hollywood expectations of what a marquee role is supposed to be .
Coming dangerously close to self-parody at times , Role Models remains a light but heartily funny diversion , best served with a raucous audience who appreciate a masterful KISS joke when they see one .
The scruffy comedy Role Models gets a nice boost from the buddy-movie casting of Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott .
Sometimes a shamelessly stoopid , proudly profane R-rated comedy is all you want out of life . Role Models more than fills the bill .
While Role Models can boast the occasionally funny joke , there 's little else to recommend this derivative buddy film .
Role Models is the kind of movie you do n't see every day , a comedy that is funny .
Role Models deals in the kind of overgrown frat-boy humor that is sometimes funny , sometimes stupid . Here , it is pretty evenly split between the two camps , though stupid may have a slight edge .
Role Models is foul-mouthed , warm-hearted , brilliantly stupid ... and the best comedy of the year .
Is it weird to call an R-rated comedy that features a kid cussing like a sailor ` cute ' ?
The year 's best , funniest comedy .
The movie never dips into crass or puerile territory , but it never offers up anything inspired , either .
As funny as some bits are , the best you can say about Role Models is that it 's imitation Apatow . It lacks the master 's crude touch .
Role Models ' sweeter , more mature perspective on manhood and people-hood avoids the Apatow curse .
The fun of Role Models is that it 's a high-concept movie executed with speed and finesse and the kind of brusquely tossed-off obscene banter that can get you laughing before you know what hit you .
has an unexpected sweetness to it that builds to a fever pitch on several fields-of-honor , real , imagined , and legal
A bit more imagination and sharper execution could have made this a winner . Instead it 's a near-miss ... a movie that plods along rather than taking off .
Is this the funniest movie from Wain or anyone involved in the cast ? No , probably not , but you should get enough laughs out of it that it should n't be completely written off as a loss .
You know exactly where it 's going , but you 're happy anyway because the most predictable part of the movie is how much it will make you laugh .
Still , it 's not complete torture -- even when exerting minimal effort , Paul Rudd is hilarious .
Paul Rudd wears the constant look of glazed-eye amusement ; everything seems to tickle him , even that which annoys or frustrates or disappoints him .
... a well-crafted concoction , from the brilliant payoff of a running gag about KISS to its unique blend of crassness and huggability .
A big part of Role Models ' success stems simply from the superb comic timing and expertly orchestrated interactions of its cast , who are for the most part very familiar with one another .
Good fun for males in the mental age bracket of 14-22 , which is most males .
With low aspirations come low expectations comes modest surprise .
A very funny comedy that celebrates misfits who reach across the generations to salute each other as the wacky and wonderful oddballs they are .
The film 's by-committee script is to blame for a cringe-worthy movie that could have worked much better had the younger characters been just a few years older .
Dynamic Jane Lynch must get her own movie franchise . George , Brad , what are you waiting for ?
McLovin runs away with the movie and exploring his nerddom pays huge dividends .
If the material has a formulaic feel and the dialogue often skews more rude than clever , Role Models nonetheless amuses throughout . That 's in large part due to the stars , whose roles very much play to their familiar comic strengths .
A broad but satisfying multiplex comedy .





@highlight

Role Models is a frequently crude , always funny comedy with the cast providing solid work throughout .