Starring four of the funniest women on earth , Ghostbusters : Answer the Call honors the spirit of the 1984 classic film .
It 's goofy and stupid in a good way , exactly as the original was .
Part of the problem is that Ghostbusters is so busy going through a karaoke-style re-enactment of the original that these new paranormal exterminators have little time to stand on their own .
It 's absolutely hilarious , whip smart , a whole lot of fun and certainly the best studio tentpole you 'll see this summer .
Ghostbusters was pretty funny , self-aware , and even subtly subversive at times .
Feel free to take a walk down memory lane with the Ghostbusting girls , confident that they have n't committed any major sacrilege against your fondest cinematic memories . Just know they have n't done anything to add to them either .
After all the arguments ... here 's the thing about the Ghostbusters movie : it is , without a doubt , average . All that argument ? A waste of time .
If you were to chug five gallons of Ecto Cooler and then throw it up , that would be better than the new Ghostbusters movie .
Hemsworth has more chemistry with the Ghostbusters than the actual Ghostbusters do with each other
The film does ... drag a bit towards the conclusion and it may seem too loud at times . Ghostbusters also takes a clear potshot at sexism in general , but by and large , it delivers a decent amount of fun .
There 's more than enough lightweight fun here to keep a summer audience entertained , and Feig , Dippold and their talented cast deliver some very funny lines .
The sense of fun remains strong throughout , even as the movie falls down a bit at the end . Everyone is obviously having a ball , and it 's tremendous fun watching these four women together .
Is the new Ghostbusters a masterpiece of film comedy ? No , but I have no problem saying that it 's better than the original .
The cast milks every laugh from the material given , but ultimately it is n't enough .
Like -LSB- Bill -RSB- Murray and -LSB- Dan -RSB- Ackroyd before them , Kristin Wiig and Melissa McCarthy have rightfully earned their place as comedic icons of this generation .
Where the film succeeds is with its talented cast .
Ghostbusters , as directed by Paul Feig and written by him and Katie Dippold , is not about plot , but about seeing how the actors interact with each other and the special effects .
-LSB- Ghostbusters -RSB- is an amazingly apt adaptation that I think improves on its source-text .
The fact that the '84 version became a phenom is as strange , really , as the 2016 version becoming a war between idiot men and all kinds of women .
It is careful not to be too offensive , or too feminist , or too much of anything really .
I really hope for a sequel , one that can break free of the original -LRB- which will remain glorious and magical forever in its own right -RRB- and give these women a chance to speak and stretch and breathe on their own .
Wokebusters this is not - and that is often a good thing .
It aims to be a good family film for the summer movie season , and it fits right in with the buttery popcorn I ate while watching it .
Unfortunately , the film squanders the talents of its cast on a poor script that 's bogged down with poor jokes , underdeveloped characters , and a juvenile approach to feminism that does n't advance the conversation .
Paul Feig 's reboot does n't re-invent the wheel . But it is plenty funny and it goes down easy .
Those willing to roll with the changes will find an entertaining comedy-adventure full of new characters , new gadgets , new monsters , and new possibilities .
The movie is more readily comparable to Feig 's other work than to its forefather . It 's a comfortable night out -LRB- or in -RRB- , pleasing and unchallenging .
Ghostbusters is far from a perfect film but it 's full of hysterical moments and goofy scenarios that makes it one of the most fun movies of the summer so far .
With these four performers in place , the movie finds some magic .
It 's a lot of fun , and allows each of the women to showcase their different comedic stylings whilst going up against `` the man '' -LRB- both literally and figuratively -RRB-
Winningly relevant , irreverent , anarchic , and delightful .
Very , very fun .
It was hard to even stay a little bit mad at the film since it starts well with a tour of a haunted house -LRB- with actual jokes for minor characters ! -RRB- and stays funny for good stretches thereafter .
That crucial balance of the old and new is just one of many things -LSB- Feig -RSB- gets exactly right .
The movie stalls at times , and the heroines never seem properly introduced to the villain . But there 's a special tang to the film .
While there is n't a cynical note in the entire film , it feels like a safe , flavorless recipe prepared from gourmet ingredients .
All up it 's a so-so comedy offering , with just enough entertainment value to not make you wish you 'd waited for the stream or DVD .
Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy star in Paul Feig 's film , but Kate McKinnon steals the show .
Ghostbusters , one of the funniest movies of the year , is so daffy and effervescent that it appears weightless , as if the film could float away at any moment . But that disguises its immense importance at a time when many felt it should n't exist .
A very neutral and profoundly unexceptional thing , but likable enough .
Wiig and McCarthy , for the most part , serve as decent straight women to McKinnon and Jones , but it seems as if Feig is underutilizing his formidable leading ladies .
... a playful romp through a haunted New York City by four extremely funny women improvising banter through a half-baked script .
Paul Feig 's `` Ghostbusters '' reboot contains some humor that works and a good deal of charm and nostalgic value , but it still ends up being a mostly-forgettable outing thanks to a lot of jokes that miss and an unremarkable story .
Kristen Wiig , Melissa McCarthy , Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon are all absolutely , brilliantly hilarious -- I could n't tell you which one made me laugh the most .
Not as bad as many have said but it 's not this summer 's best movie . Despite that , this new version will free us from the ghosts of boredom . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a very entertaining movie ! It is not a perfect movie , but considering the state of summer 2016 so far , `` does n't make me want to light my hair on fire '' is pretty damn good .
The screenplay is smart and funny , and the cast is flat-out hilarious .
The new installment is pretty damn funny and stands as tall as the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man .
I laughed twice , when I should be losing count .
The biggest surprise is that the lesser known Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones outshine both Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy .
A worthless , thoroughly tedious remake ...
Entertaining but it turns out a bit ironic that the funniest thing about it is Chris Hemsworth playing the blonde bimbo secretary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As remakes being the trend , we do n't have much choice but to accept them . The thing with this one is that it 's not a bad at all . Actually , is really good . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Funny , enjoyable and beaming with positive energy , and nowadays that 's more than enough to warrant the excursion .
It 's not a bad movie . I just feel indifferent about it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It could 've been better . Something that people forget is that the original it also could 've been better . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not as bad as everybody thought would be , but it definitely could 've been -LRB- and should 've been -RRB- better . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you dare to see this disappointing film , I suggest doing it in 3D . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More than changing the genre of the cast , Feig 's Ghostbusters it 's an explicit response to the franchise director 's sexism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dares to challenge film industry standards but fails because of its narrative and technical deficiencies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ghostbusters works because of the performances and charisma of the main cast , that manage to work with the material even if the rating restricts them a little . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ghostbusters is a great take on a classic but also a classy jab at masculine sensibilities . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun movie that expands the Ghostbusters universe and will please fans -LRB- not fanboys -RRB- and probably saves one of the worst summers in movie history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It manages to surprise us with familiar yet all new elements full of energy and comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It keeps the essence of the original while adding a new sense of freshness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Do n't be afraid of ` Ghostbusters ' reboot .
If studios are going to continue mining their catalogs for fondly remembered favorites they feel are in need of a remake , reboot or sequel , Feig and company have certainly delivered the template as to how best to do it .
The movie will make you laugh and you can enjoy it , but it can not surpass the original . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Putting funny women together with a strong comedic director works every time .
Ghostbusters is a gleeful shut-down of the online naysayers who were so offended by the idea that women could fight ghosts .
The only good thing about the movie are the cameos of the original cast and some references to the previous movies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
McCarthy and Wiig shine , of course ; Jones , too , but McKinnon steals the picture .
We have seen the story before -- it is just that the enjoyable thing here is , we have not seen it with women leading the way before .
The result is a fun , feminist reboot that focuses on the actors ' strengths and chemistry without ever appearing to provide a forced gender commentary .
More than anything else , Ghostbusters is just a quirky , goofy , loud , immature tribute to the movie we all love so much . So let 's stop those angry tweets now , yes ?
As either an effects-heavy comedy or a laugh-heavy sci-fi thriller , this is better than much of what I 've seen this summer .
Need two hours of good spirits amid this mess ? Who ya gon na call ?
This predictably stagnate Hollywood reboot picks up entertaining momentum from its talented four female leads .
It 's funny , and nuanced in its funniness : hehs to haaaaaaas to lols .
A hilarious reboot that embraces the original 's spirit while offering a unique voice all its own .
-LSB- Embraces -RSB- the spirit of the original whilst playing with its own modern bearings .
It 's not that this go-around regurgitates ... It 's the inconsistency of the dialogue , story and editing that leaves me flat .
May not have the snap , pop , and menace of the original 1984 film , but I was never bored with it ...
So much talent for so much blah .
It 's a crashing disappointment because it strains way too hard for laughs , and contains one of the most distractingly irritating performances I 've seen for a long time ...
A feminist Gunga Din , Jones 's Patty makes it possible for the SNL white pukka sahibs to feel good about repeating Ghostbusters ' Eighties line-up ... It disguises Hollywood 's entrenched biased hegemony as happily inclusive fun for all .
... A perfectly acceptable addition to the franchise .
The movie is very funny , but Holtzmann ? She 's the real otherworldly force here .
`` Ghostbusters '' Reboot a Pleasant Surprise
It 's still a fun ride thanks largely to casting .
The spectres are scarier than in the original film . And the action is slicker . But the humour is surprisingly patchy in Paul Feig 's hotly-anticipated Ghostbusters reboot .
Paul Feig is becoming one of the most interesting comedy directors today .
It 's glorious , and if it ruined your childhood , sorry bro .
Even with its flaws , the amount of talent in it make it a great success . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This reboot hits almost the same good notes as the original 1984 classic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
the new Ghostbusters are frequently very funny , although the movie as a whole is never quite as funny as you think it will be
What we do not have are characters that feel like real people dealing with problems in their lives in a funny way .
... strains to connect the lo-fi improv style of its leads with the big plot points and special-effects scenes needed to justify the eight - and nine-figure budgets .
A forgettable piece of junk .
A loopy comedy hanging out inside a Hollywood blockbuster ... Paul Feig 's female-centric remake is smart , funny and surreptitiously subversive .
As far as a remake of a beloved comedy , it is pretty good . We need good comedies in these times of hate and strife . There are few good comedies now being made . This is one of them .
It 's the fine script that runs out of steam , though by the time it does , Wiig and co have won you over and left you thinking that a sequel to this thing might not be entirely offensive .
The film works really well . It maintains the spirit of the original whilst being different enough from it -- not that anyone in the target audience would care -- it 's funny and jogs along nicely .
This oestrogen-packed incarnation of New York 's finest ghost hunters turns out to be an affectionate homage to the 1984 original , never straying too far from its source .
It 's an imperfect movie , as most are , but `` Ghostbusters '' is undeniably entertaining . And there 's something at the heart of Feig 's movie that feels almost profound .
The execution is a curious snooze , even clinical .
... wears its predecessor like a burden to be carried or an aging relative to be reluctantly visited .
Kate McKinnon steals the film with her joyously kooky , radiantly charismatic turn .
As with most culture war skirmishes of the past several years , the little boys of all ages are wrong about the new Ghostbusters . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
This is not Ghostbustiers , although the temptation to make that joke must have been overwhelming .
So , how do the Ghostbusters of today shape up against the boys of yesteryear ? Pretty well ...
`` A relatable action comedy that pays affectionate homage to its source material ''
If you truly want to see `` Ghostbusters '' remade in a fresh and reverential way , rent `` Be Kind Rewind '' -LRB- preferably on VHS ... but stay away from those power stations ! -RRB- .
What a treat to watch a remake that 's almost as good as the original movie ! And who knew Chris Hemsworth could be so funny ?
A mediocre remake that turns into slime-time for female friendship .
-LSB- The cast -RSB- add a freshness that negates the need for some of the more groaning tributes to the original movie that this version of Ghostbusters clearly feels it needs to make .
The new Ghostbusters is not bad at all and it would make a fun outing for a 12-year-old .
Ghostbusters has hilarious performances , superb effects , a killer soundtrack , phenomenal 3D , and sharp jokes . Put all those things together and they add up to 116 minutes of great ghostbusting fun . This movie is a blast .
It 's good-humoured , well performed and a couple of the gags are zingers . My 11-year-old son had a blast . It 's just spookily inconsequential .
Breezy , inoffensive entertainment .
An often entertaining , generally likable , but also uneven affair ...
On the strength of its all-female leading cast , this remake of the original `` Ghostbusters '' -LRB- 1984 -RRB- will likely be a box office smash , but not because it 's an upgrade .
This attempt at rebooting the classic 1984 supernatural comedy is all kinds of bad , neither funny , scary , or in any way memorable save for its capacity to bring on cringes at a record rate .
A dreary Ghostbusters reboot of the Ivan Reitman classic from 1984 .
As much as the original was a product of its era , so is this : making fun of hipsters , trashing those awful ghost-hunting TV shows , and even referencing that current phenomenon of rock star sceptics .
Whether on its own fearless terms or as an update of a zeitgeist-charged smash , this proves to be an oasis of entertainment in the midst of this cinematic summer drought -- a pop-culture popcorn picture designed to raise spirits in more ways than one .
There is a wry sort of bonkers at work here that pays tribute to the original -LRB- wicked cameos and shout-outs abound -RRB- , but does n't copy it .
Although parts of this reboot feel a little forced , it 's a really enjoyable movie overall . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Better than Ghostbusters II , which was so terrible that it probably actually did ruin some childhoods .
A Ghostbuster team worth calling ... this one 's a comedic win ...
It channels the original without rising above it . Then again , Ghostbusters -LRB- 1984 -RRB- is a very hard act to follow . Been there , done that , but let 's tweak it ever so slightly .
Ghostbusters wo n't win-over pre-release haters but offers enough laughs and slick special effects to satisfy series fans and casual filmgoers alike .
I like these women for completely different reasons than I liked Bill Murray and his gang . A perfect excuse to escape the heat .
The overall verdict ? It 's surprisingly good . It 's not only refreshing to see a big-budget comedy led by women , but it was a move that made this better than any sequel could have been .
McCarthy , Wiig and co remain game throughout , but you end up feeling more for them than you do for their characters .
It is daringly progressive , and it is a landmark in mainstream entertainment . It 's just a shame that it is n't a bit funnier .
The reboot of Ghostbusters feels like a Saturday Night Live comedy sketch stretched well beyond its natural running time to feature length . Its initial appeal very quickly wears off .
While there are in-jokes for diehard Ghostbusters fans and cameo roles for Murray , Aykroyd and others , including a few of the original ghosts , it 's also an enjoyable supernatural comedy for one and all .
Ghostbusters surpassed my expectations in every way . It was funny throughout , well paced , with no huge downswing . Sony has a hit on its hands .
The fault lies not with the new cast ; it 's the lackluster script and the mediocre movie that they 're saddled with .
These four women combine their efforts to help create what could be the funniest movie I 've seen in this dismal year .
Ghostbusters wants to be its own comedy , but it wo n't let go of the past , including various cameos from the former Ghostbusters cast that stick out like Halloween decor at Christmas .
he surprise is that this film has so many more laughs from start to finish , perfectly complementing its potent combination of girl-power and sweet-natured sentiment .
Is it substance-less like the ghosts that populate the movie ? Yes . Predictable ? Yes . But please : some of us just want to laugh .
The new Ghostbusters is a blast , certainly as much fun and funny as the original .
Ultimately , Ghostbusters supports the argument that Hollywood would rather recycle a known product for a guaranteed buck than take any real chances . And that 's too bad because the people involved are capable of better .
The year 's biggest crowd-pleaser and the spiritual sequel to Ivan Reitman 's `` Ghostbusters '' that die-hards have longed for since 1984 - whether they 'll admit to it or not .
Fun update on classic has lots of ghosts + girl power .
A large percentage of the moviegoing public is gon na hear the call and who 're they gon na call ? Ghostbusters .
Not terrible , but utterly uninspired .
I appreciated the girl power element of the film , but Ghostbusters is a stellar cast in a bland movie .
All in all , an agreeably silly evening at the movies . Even the end credits are peppy .
It 's a bit anticlimactic to discover that the new ` Ghostbusters ' is merely okay - neither great enough to quell its critics , nor bad enough to cheer them . It is , casting aside , a totally average studio comedy .
In a summer movie season where many movies seem to go on and on , this one feels over much too fast .
Put aside your preconceived ideas about the new Ghostbusters and just give into the silly - and slimy - fun .
Ironically , given all the Sturm und Drang over the fact that the Ghostbusters are now ladies , Kevin -LSB- Chris Hemsworth -RSB- , a man , is the best , funniest part of the film .
Ghostbusters is the remake our culture richly deserves .
Naturally , the problem with the movie is n't the four women ably kicking adversity in the teeth , it 's the man behind the camera .
Thankfully for the world -LRB- and to the detriment of Internet rage -RRB- it turns out that women can be funny , Paul Feig is still a great comedy director and Ghostbusters is a highly entertaining movie that both goes its own way and pays homage .
The movie is an unwanted , hollow vessel , floating around as a sad , lifeless shadow of the past .
I think Wiig has let all of the comic genius talk go to her head .
I 'd see this movie again just for Kate McKinnon 's unhinged grin and her ga-ga delivery .
It 's certainly far from being bad-scary , as there are some laughs to be had , but it 's clearly not the `` Ghostbusters '' you 're gon na wan na call . That would be the 1984 film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , etc. - Available -RRB-
There are enough plot variations and new inclusions to satisfy diehard fans of the original franchise .
The film is not indebted to its women ; it 's indebted only to the original Ghostbusters .
`` Ghostbusters -LRB- 2016 -RRB- '' is a weak parody of the original . It lacks heart and character development that managed to endear the original 's characters with audiences for decades .
This is a mediocre horror/comedy that deserves neither high praise nor disparagement .
Feig 's girl-power Ghostbusters was forged in a crucible of man-baby cyber-bullying and it wears a chip on its shoulder proudly .
For those willing to give it an honest chance Ghostbusters is a decent frivolous bit of summer blockbuster escapism . Nothing to be afraid of with that at all .
... a loving , affectionate , and wholly respectful new take on a much loved property ...
Pales in comparison to the original , but it 's funny and high-spirited enough to stand on its own .
A very good , very funny , big dumb blockbuster .
The cast should have been set free to run wild . Director Paul Feig , who co-wrote the screenplay with Katie Dippold , needed to make the project broader to allow the women to be more expansive and utilize their full range of talents .
The screenwriters love Kate McKinnon and dismiss Leslie Jones . The biggest laugh goes to Zach Woods in the opening scene . Stay for Hemsworth dance during the credits .
It 's funny , smart , and sweet and in every way as good or better than the original . Fanboys , have at it .
As is so often the case with special-effects-heavy movies , the character comedy quickly gets trampled by the effects -LRB- in this case , not special -RRB- .
Feig and team make sure bustin ' still feels pretty damn good .
The Ghostbusters reboot is a success and if you 're one of the thousands that do n't like that , I suggest having a wash , leaving your house and getting some fresh air and a dose of perspective .
Sends a clear shot across the bow to those who would object to its very concept and delivers an unexpectedly moving rallying cry for girl empowerment .
In her wily line delivery and cocksure swagger , McKinnon resembles nothing if not a young Bill Murray . Through her thick goggles is the impish spark that keeps movies like this in orbit .
Ghostbusters is very funny when it 's in comic mode ... for the entirety of the first act and the epilogue . The time in between those two sections ... is the problem .
These women are having fun just being together and getting to don matching jumpsuits and whale on undead spirits , and their evident joy makes us happy to hop in the hearse for a ride-along .
The blinding , brain-smacking mayhem ca n't wipe out the movie 's core of good feeling . Even after the action goes bust , the film 's gifted stars continue to radiate their own nuclear-powered , Amazonian brand of bonhomie .
How will the reboot be remembered a couple of decades down the line ? Not as beloved , or beloathed ; more likely as beliked , if it 's remembered at all .
Ghostbusters ... respects its predecessor while crossing the streams into a new direction .
Pains me to say this , but the only thing this new Ghostbusters busts is my dreams .
In trying to appease nostalgic fans , Feig seems hesitant . Defensive . But whenever his new flick relies on its own merits , it 's quite amusing .
The colorful new version is n't unfaithful to the source material 's mythology . It 's a fun , true-blue update of a classic .
Celebrates the franchise in the best way possible : by being a damn good movie in its own right , easily as jubilant and all-around fun as the revered -- but let 's be serious , imperfect -- one that started it all .
The all-female ghostbusters -- it already feels stupid to say it that way ; like `` all-male Blues Brothers '' or `` all-dog All Dogs Go to Heaven '' -- are a very funny bunch .
Feig and company have done just about as well as they could with this nearly impossible situation . And ... the ghouls and specters are mostly first-rate . But just as I ai n't afraid of these ghosts , I ai n't exactly entertained by them , either .
When in doubt , clobber the audience with a special-effects mardi gras .
Full of laughs , heart , action and some smooth dance moves , it 's a worthy return to a beloved franchise .
Bloated scenes and a lagging plot keep Ghostbusters from being as funny as it thinks it is , but the film is powered instead by a fondness for its original and bursts of comedy in unexpected places .
Melissa McCarthy , Kristin Wiig , Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones make a formidable comic team in their own right - though McKinnon steals the show as oddball physics geek Holtzmann -LRB- the Egon , if you will -RRB- .
It 's no flawless classic , but it 's an exciting and often funny ride through a neighborhood where something strange is going on .
This might have worked if the 1984 film were less well remembered , but it looms large over this production , which does little to distinguish itself .
The cast is far from the problem as they ... provide all of the entertainment value , but if ghosts can appear from thin air , comedy writing can not .
These characters might even be more fun to watch in a movie that was n't as beholden to its source . I 'm saying I want a sequel , and maybe you should too . This one 's pretty good . But it had a chance to be great .
It 's enjoyably silly fun until a third act energy slump .
It 's OK . It 's not a disaster . And it does n't vindicate the naysayers . This film fails to fly not because it stars women , but because that 's the only good idea it had .
McCarthy , Wiig , McKinnon and Jones prove to be a relentlessly inventive comic ensemble . And Hemsworth is a revelation as a guy who 's blissfully unaware of his sheer incompetence .
This Ghostbusters also improves in every way on the original , which has been insulated for years by nostalgia .
Confronts its critics head-on with freewheeling 2016 girl power .
The new `` Ghostbusters '' has its own charms , and the audience I saw it with belly-laughed its approval . `` SNL 's '' McKinnon - easily the funniest woman on TV right now - flat out steals the movie from her co-stars . She 's a total gas .
Despite a number of amusing moments , director Paul Feig 's latest suffers from a severe case of summer bloat .
I would have preferred that they simply had shut their naysayers down by producing a better movie .
It all comes off feeling tired and familiar . What was surprising and fresh in 1984 has become ho-hum and musty in the intervening thirty-two years , and the gender change is n't handled cleverly enough to revive it .
The film is n't without its charms ... but it 's never allowed to completely be its own thing .
It 's good . Take that , haters .
Haters gon na hate , but who cares ? The rest of us will be out enjoying the most entertaining film of the summer , and we do n't need their sorry company .
When it stops trying to remind us of its past , Ghostbusters can be pretty fun .
The real triumph of this new Ghostbusters is that it does n't feel like an inversion , or an experiment , or a novelty . It just feels funny .
Hovering spirits of Ghostbusters past prove more treat than trick for Paul Feig 's energetic reboot of the storied 1980s comedy franchise .
Those spiffy proton packs are in good hands .
A laff-a-minute , female empowerment fantasy far funnier than the original .
There 's no getting around how inadequate Wiig and McCarthy are . The breakout here is SNL star McKinnon , who needs co-stars who could keep up with her .
Features strong comedy with an impressively talented cast , but eventually ends up overwhelmed by the demands of its large-scale action storyline .
I found myself on the comedic wavelength of this new cast and giggling like mad throughout the majority of its runtime .
Feig ca n't completely pry himself away from his bad habits , but his refreshing of `` Ghostbusters '' is actually a substantial amount of fun when it actually makes time for the busting of ghosts .
The actresses are so quick and so supple , the force of their individual personalities and their irresistible camaraderie hoik the film up from its middling story and scripted jokes .
This reboot is a spirited effort that ends up a pale specter of the original in the end .
Not as clever as the 1984 Ghostbusters . Funnier than the 1989 sequel .
There are enough incidental pleasures in `` Ghostbusters '' to make it worth haunting .
Let 's take a moment for a tribute to McKinnon . Not only is she channeling Christopher Lloyd 's Doc Brown throughout -- the glasses , the hair , the whole thing -- but her random asides make the whole movie .
Angry nerds , take note : The ladies are the best thing about this franchise reboot . Kate McKinnon is a spontaneous eruption of hellfire hilarity .
Yes , the final 20 minutes descend into big-budget overkill . -LRB- That happened in the original , as I recall . -RRB- But until then , this good-humored bonding story emphasizes the actresses ' gifts , rather than their gender .
For all the high dudgeon with which the movie has been anticipated , it turns out that Ghostbusters -- like the girls who cheerfully dominate it this time around -- just wants to have fun . And it does .
This is what I mean about the balance between homage and originality : Ghostbusters 2016 preserves the spirit of the original while letting the new people own their interpretations .
If you 're a real `` Ghostbusters '' fan , your time would be better spent watching the original . Because this reboot does n't deserve its name .
The 2016 Ghostbusters is entertaining and funny . It never reaches the heights of the original , which is common with reboots .
Paul Feig 's Ghostbusters is terrific summer entertainment , full of great characters , spectacle , and fun .
This new entry to the Ghostbusters franchise manages to capture the essence and fun of the original paranormal comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The nearly two-hour film is akin to many of those sketches that come on after `` Weekend Update . '' You know the ones -- too-long , time-filler skits that seem to have been scrawled on the back of a pizza box in the writer 's room five minutes before air time .
The shaggy and sagging plot , together with the ancient special effects , combine for a load of not very original or entertaining slime .
Ghostbusters is a lively , hilarious crowd-pleaser , which is all that 's really required of a big summer action comedy .
Girl power and ghoul power - it 's a winning combination .
Paul Feig 's Ghostbusters is sturdy summer entertainment , at once a freaky comedy and an unexpectedly effective action film .
When Kristen Wiig quotes Tony Montana before taking down a ghost with her blaster - `` Say hello to my little friend ! '' - her line reading is anemic , as if she were embarrassed , and you cringe right along with her .
A middle finger to the screaming brobabiez . If girls ca n't be Ghostbusters , then here , guys ca n't do anything .
Ghostbusters is back , it 's not bad , get used to it .
Without memorable ghostly lore , there 's the definite feel that there should be something more to Ghostbusters , but the four women and their dopey receptionist are enough to carry it over the line .
It sits in the middle , wanting to blaze a new trail but haunted by the ghosts of its past .
The paradoxically loose , yet unadventurous approach of director Paul Feig smothers most opportunities for set-piece scenes to rise above a preordained average outcome .
... it feels like a ` Ghostbusters ' movie : lethal ghosts , dangerous equipment , and quirky personalities ... Wonderfully reimagined escapism ... for fans new and old .
`` Ghostbusters '' is a pretty good movie . Will it capture the public imagination like the first one ? Probably not .
Like so many film comedies these days , it assumed that casting funny people was the same thing as writing a funny script ; it 's not .
A comically empty exercise in empowerment .
Ghostbusters is a riot .
Feig spends an awful lot of time on an awfully scant plot , and the digital effects-bloated flick is awkwardly paced and clumsily edited and rarely generates big enough laughs , scares or interest in the characters .
Should you see Sony 's new Ghostbusters remake ? Yes . Yes , you should . Will you be entertained ? Yes . Yes , you will . Will you also be a little annoyed ? Well , yeah , probably ... it 's all a bit too self-consciously self-conscious ...
Some of you are going to love it . And some of you are going to hate it . Me , I 'm happy I chose the former .
Not only it lives up to the original but also surpasses - by a lot - its 1989 sequel . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It is what the classic Ghostbusters was : a damn good time at the movies .
The new Ghostbusters is a hoot : a giddy , high-spirited slab of blockbuster fast food , the most impressive special effects the human beings at the heart of it .
The chemistry between Bridemaids alumni Wiig and McCarthy is still comedy gold , SNL 's McKinnon is one to watch ... and Jones provided the biggest laughs of the night .
A goofy , free-floating romp with an anarchic spirit of its own , a fresh set of scares and laffs and a moderate dose of girl power that is unlikely to seem confrontational to anyone beyond the most confirmed basement-dwelling Gamergate troll .
It proudly demonstrates that mediocrity - whether in the hunting of malevolent apparitions or the making of a mainstream comedy - is not , and never has been , an exclusively male pursuit .
Somehow , this Ghostbusters remake is going to push us all to reckon with what a more equal world might look like , whether we like it or not . Fortunately , the movie is tremendously easy to like .
A slick , entertaining but not quite ready-for-slime-time female reboot of the 1980 's comedy classic .
Instead of repackaging what we know , we 're lucky enough to get new characters played by talented actors who respect the original but are also brave enough to carve out their own space .
After setting up the slightly revised premise , though , the movie pretty conspicuously runs out of gas about halfway through , yielding lapses where it does n't scare up much of anything , most notably laughter .
Kate McKinnon 's gleefully reckless physicist is brainy comic mayhem , unlike any female character we 've seen before . And there are more reasons to cheer .
Only Holtzmann thrives as a character , as the group 's intensely , almost malevolently creative armourer . McKinnon is riveting , in every sense .
This Ghostbusters is n't going to ruin anyone 's childhood . Quite the opposite . A new generation of kids -- girls included this time -- are about to learn that busting ghosts is the best job in the world .
An unexpected summer highlight . Probably the best all-around blockbuster since Captain America : Civil War .
When it 's good , this new Ghostbusters is funny , driven , sometimes even a bit scary .
While the dialogue does n't labour the point , this is a film about women brought together by a shared intellectual passion , shrugging off the mostly male authority figures who try to put them in their place .
McKinnon 's timing , physical comedy and utterly joyful presence are the highlights of the film . If anything , she 's not given enough screen time .
Paul Feig and his undeniably hilarious cast of leading ladies deserve the last laugh .
The gender politics of women demanding to be taken seriously in their chosen profession has never been this much fun .
From the very first scene , it is exactly what you 'd expect , or want , a Ghostbusters movie to be : fun , scary and silly .
the film is not as much fun as it should be
We just wish the movie had the determination to go all the way with its fresher convictions because by going the reboot route but then simply making do with rehashing the glory days , this film has not let the cast do their thing .
If the reimagining never establishes its own defining personality , it is only because it adheres so affectionately and respectfully to the legacy of its source material .
It 's a reboot , not a remake , and its four new leads are fantastic .
The new Ghostbusters is n't a horror , exactly . It 's just misbegotten . It never lives .
If the 1984 film was the supernatural spectacular , the remake 's the movie that spectacularly misunderstands the original 's appeal .
Ghostbusters wo n't define your childhood . But a good summer laugh at the movies ? Absolutely .
Crucial to -LSB- the -RSB- fun : McKinnon , who steals the movie with her mad-scientist grin , eyes that gleam like a laser pointer and unexpected random weirdness .
From start to end this film is just pure joy , a lot of which is borne from the fact that the original is so much fun that there 's no point trying to lay those ghosts to rest .
Gripes aside , this is a far better follow up to the original than 1989 's cynically lacklustre Ghostbusters 2 , and the result is genuinely warm-hearted summer fun .
The freewheeling and funny solidarity of the four leads win out in the end , even if Feig shows more timidity than he did in Bridesmaids , The Heat or Spy .
Sticks a cheerful two fingers up at the haters , and then kicks them in the balls for good measure .
While there 's no denying that the film has had a bit of a rocky path to the screen -- already winning the dubious accolade of having the most hated trailer of all time on YouTube -- the good news is that the new Ghostbusters is n't as bad as all that .
Ghostbusters is a horror from start to finish , and that 's not me saying it 's legitimately scary .
The talented stars are not to blame for a pointless , harmless and mildly funny remake that will leave most moviegoers shrugging their shoulders and musing , `` well , at least it 's better than Ghostbusters 2 . ''
It boasts four comedy stars at the top of their game and a director fresh from revolutionising contemporary comedy , but this reboot of one of the biggest hits in the comedy fantasy arena is uninspired , bland and lame-brained .
As enjoyable as this movie is , sometimes it feels like it 's holding back ; no one 's id runs wild . But the limitations of Ghostbusters make Wiig , McCarthy , McKinnon , and Jones even more valuable .
This feels far more fresh than it has any right to do , simply because it 's casually feminist , unfailingly pacy and finds an exact mid-point between razor sharp and pleasingly dumb comedy .
What it basically comes down to , as with most comedy blockbusters , is if you like the cast and the director you 'll most likely dig Ghostbusters .
The new film 's just as unabashedly goofy as its predecessor , its paranormal aspects still possessing that kind of giddy , carnival ride spookiness .
The new , bigger , bustier Ghostbusters is a rollickingly funny delight , paying homage to the classic film but rebooting it with four female protagonists who have the same laconic , ironic wit as the original men .
The new ` Ghostbusters ' is its own thing , has its own voice , and is only mildly slavish to an old commodity . Broken down it 's 30 percent a new `` Ghostbusters '' movie , 70 percent a new Paul Feig movie .
Ghostbusters is n't remotely on par with the original , but by no means terrible . Chris Hemsworth steals the film completely .
The new film will do well enough . I would n't watch it again . Mind you , I would n't watch the original Ghostbusters again .
For all its warm-hearted fun , well-crafted thrills , careful nostalgia and girl-powered gadgetry , this fast-paced family film does n't always feel like a natural fit for Hollywood 's favourite genre-bender .
Feig delivers a decent mix of scary thrills and giggles , all grounded by the credible camaraderie between the four women .
The thought of scores of young girls growing up with their own proton packs suggests Ghostbusters could be a groundbreaking moment in Hollywood history .
Who ya gon na call ? These guys , actually !
Candy floss cinema of the highest order .
A quick-witted and visually spectacular bonanza .
Several scenes where the Ghostbusters try out Holtzmann 's weapons in the alley behind their offices , and destroy everything in their path along with the bull 's - eye target , perhaps encapsulate the hit-and-miss nature of the comedy here .
A high concept and a big budget - not to mention stratospheric expectation - turned into a middling , somewhat entertaining summer fling .
Paul Feig 's remake is hilarious , forward-looking , and delightfully in touch with its origins .
An effectively spooky opening gives way to a film that 's fun , funny and full of energy .
The movie of the summer .
The 2016 vintage of Ghostbusters speaks to its time with the same withering comic accuracy and hot-air-balloon-sized sense of fun as the 1984 original .
Jones , McCarthy , McKinnon , and Wiig are so good together - and in ways that are distinctively theirs and not recycled from the past - that their message of not giving a damn resonates better than the movie 's underwhelming climax .
Paul Feig 's female-fronted Ghostbusters retool is a funny , good hearted , well-performed and highly enjoyable movie that is n't the original , but is n't some childhood-destroying travesty either .
This is n't a monumental Ghostbuster redux , but a reimagining worth its weight in gooey slime nonetheless .
No , Paul Feig 's Ghostbusters is not as good as Ivan Reitman 's 1984 hit . But it is still a fun blockbuster worthy of curiosity and delivering a great number of laughs .
While undoubtedly flawed , Ghostbusters makes for a riotously entertaining cinematic experience .
Wiig is at her best , Jones is a revelation , Chris Hemsworth is a wonderful surprise in the movie and Kate McKinnon steals the show . They 're all weirdly endearing , too , and it has nothing to do with nostalgia .
It spends so much time doing battle with its legacy that it forgets to be its own movie , putting a talented cast to waste and marking another disappointment in this dreadful summer movie season .
It 's not easy to make a good comedy , but it 's really not easy to make one this beautiful on a visual level that also still feels loose and funny enough for improvisation and random left turns into lunacy .
It successfully does what all good reimaginings do : it takes familiar source material , stays true to its intentions , but then also steps out and tries to be its own thing .
This remake is a consistently funny pleasure , never quite as sharp or inspired as the 1984 original , but radiating such good cheer that comparisons between the two films do n't much matter .
This reboot has many of the qualities of the classic original : a great cast , a true affection for the supernatural , and a varied comedic tone . Hilarious !
With a crackling sense of purpose and a surplus of reverence for their predecessors , new Ghostbusters Wiig , McCarthy , McKinnon , and Jones plant their own flag on a beloved sci-fi comedy franchise .
Paul Feig 's female-led reboot of the long-dormant franchise is thrilling , hilarious , lovingly crafted and the wild , colourful , giddy blockbuster this otherwise staid summer movie season so desperately needs .
None of it adds up to much more than an average summer entertainment - never bad enough to warrant the chauvinist hatred , rarely good enough to deserve the feminist support .
The new Ghostbusters is a fresh take on the franchise , with four strong leads and an interesting new entrypoint into the series .
It does its job , you can watch it , laugh , and move on to hating something else before you 've seen it .
The occasional missteps do n't negate the fun of the first two-thirds .
Sliding into theaters on a river of slime and an endless supply of good vibes , the new , cheerfully silly `` Ghostbusters '' is that rarest of big-studio offerings - a movie that is a lot of enjoyable , disposable fun .
This new A-team of ghostbusters are fresh and funny enough to have earned space in the summer comedy firmament .
Is the new Ghostbusters funny ? The answer is : Kind of , but not nearly to the degree it should be considering the talent involved .
When the movie is at its best , it 's scrappy , eager to please , and -- thanks to some superb comedic acting -- deliciously strange .
One starts to get the same feeling one had watching The Amazing Spider-Man a few years ago : why are we telling this story again , just with different people and a few remixed aspects ?
Kristen Wiig , Melissa McCarthy , Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones masterfully navigate their way around a ghost-fueled movie that fully embraces their brand of comedy ...
For all the value that may be contained in an intellectual property , it 's worthless if it ca n't make old ideas feel new .
If the original scrappy `` Ghostbusters '' represented the colorful bodegas of a graffiti-riddled 1980s New York , then 2016 's version represents the alarmingly homogenized Starbucks version of the Big Apple .
There 's absolutely tons of fun for the whole family to be found in Ghostbusters .
Fun oozes from almost every frame ; likewise the energy of a team excited to be revolutionising the blockbuster landscape . Let 's just hope everyone will enjoy the view .
Whereas Feig has previously managed to cross genre streams successfully , here he succumbs to the familiar curse of the digital-effects era : When there 's almost nothing the computer ca n't conjure , it falls to the director to know when to stop .
When Ghostbusters focuses on the team and the characters -LRB- always Feig 's strength -RRB- , it flourishes . It 's only when it gets bogged down in CGI ghosts that , sometimes , it starts to drag .
Feig 's Ghostbusters is its own definitive creature , an affable , inventive riff on Ivan Reitman 's proton-packing caper that exists not to score points , but only to make us laugh . For a summer comedy , there 's no nobler purpose .
The female-led cast is a promising idea , but this reboot of the 1984 classic is n't as fresh or funny as it could have been .
It 's all busy-ness , noise and chaos , with zero thrills and very little sustainable comic buoyancy .
Ghostbusters 2.0 suffers from the anxiety of influence - or , more specifically , from the fear of not wanting to alienate the fans -LRB- Gen X'ers and others -RRB- of 1.0 .
`` Okay '' is not the enemy of perfect .
A smart and exciting comedy , and a solid new entry into the classic series .
Here 's a summer movie starring a girl squad proud of its big brains and tacky jumpsuits . You could call that a supernatural event in itself .
Ghostbusters has a persistent dose of rollicking , scrappy fun that the ideal summer blockbuster should contain -- all the way past the last credits .

@highlight

Ghostbusters does an impressive job of standing on its own as a freewheeling , marvelously cast supernatural comedy -- even if it ca n't help but pale somewhat in comparison with the classic original .