I think you 're going to feel like you paid full price to watch the special features on a Michael Jackson DVD .
It 's always inspiring to see a genius at work . And that 's exactly how I felt watching Michael Jackson in This Is it -- inspired .
Do n't watch this documentary film expecting to find insight into Jackson 's troubled psyche , or to spot premonitions of his impending death , watch instead for glimpses of his peerless talent .
Sometimes he loses his voice and sometimes he even loses his temper . The film never shows us whether or not Michael Jackson had lost his mind . But it does show us that he never lost his talent .
There are some who will claim this documentary is ghoulish . I think haunting is a better word , as you fathom what the music world would have been like had he lived .
It 's a goddamn American tragedy . Let the poor sick bastard rest in peace .
Because the show was designed to be a nostalgic wrap-up of the highlights of -LSB- Jackson 's -RSB- career , This Is It works very appropriately as a eulogy .
If you 've got the slightest interest in Jackson 's music , then this is the movie for you . If you want to learn the truth about the icon , then you 're looking at the wrong film .
The total DVD package is a brilliantly conceived and assembled work that shows the love -LRB- L O V E -RRB- the filmmakers have for their muse , Michael .
... a pretty amazing labor of love ... a DVD that anyone interesting in music , live shows and the creative process should see .
` This is It ' is tied together by an aesthetic that can only be called Synthetic Intimacy .
This Is It gives us enough to see that this concert series was going to be the kind of show you tell your grandkids about , full of incredible dancing and innovative staging and energetic wowness . The missing elements serve to feature the star who has fal
As breathtaking as it is heartbreaking .
A piecemeal attempt at putting a bow on Michael Jackson 's overblown and bankrupt career , this clinical behind-the-scenes collage of the rehearsal process for MJ 's doomed London performance schedule is more propaganda than documentary .
As much as This Is It recalls Jackson 's genius , it perpetuates the exploitation that shaped his life .
Now , when I see and hear the fan worship , I do n't silently cringe . Never again . I nod my head in affirmation .
... a concert-that-never-was film that trumps that genre because of its ultimate humanity , imperfection and lack of overproduction
... unapologetically worshipful , but it delivers .
A deeply creepy and disturbing exercise , in which we 're exposed to footage that was likely never meant to see the light of day , featuring a performer who at the time was , literally , days away from death .
By the time the tour was gelling , the Weird One had left the building .
As a posthumous document , This Is It offers a veiled , vaseline-lens look behind the curtain . As a cultural event , it 's more than a little creepy and depressing .
... a footnote to a complex , creative life that can not be reduced to a cautionary tale . It is a glimpse of joy , a sequin shining amidst the ashes .
What `` This is It '' accomplishes is key to not only preserving Jackson 's memory , but also to galvanizing his myth . Onstage , he still moonwalks , but there are new moves to be had here and a voice that is still strong .
A bizarre and opportunist piece of film-making .
I can not image a visual record of any kind doing a better job of showing us what might have been , which makes it both a cause for celebration and its own unique tragedy
It 's got a story , it 's got music , it even has a hero , but what it lacks is soul .
An incomplete tune .
A joyous homage to Jackson 's music and peerless dance moves . It 's the way Jackson would have wanted to be remembered , and the way his fans will want to remember him .
For those expecting something deeper than Ortega 's High School Musical trilogy , this ai n't it .
Definitely not proof that Jackson was in good health and ready to go for a big show run . Quite the contrary .
It 's Jackson 's history of visual iconography that This Is It should aspire to more often .
Calling it a documentary is something of a misnomer . It 's both more and less than that because , let 's face it , the film is the official party line .
While this memorial to Jackson 's extraordinary talents will satisfy some , if you 're looking for insight or understanding about Jackson 's life and ethos , this ` documentary ' is not for you .
Although it is just the rehearsal footage for a big event that never happened , it is the last glimpse we have of Michael Jackson the performer . That makes it worth seeing .
... an intriguing look behind the scenes at Jackson 's attempts at staging a series of farewell shows ...
Perhaps an even greater testament to Jackson 's gifts and professional dedication than any full-blown show could ever be .
For two shimmering hours , all the ghosts of scandals past melt away , leaving in their wake an entertainer whose only desire is to dazzle . And dazzle he does .
The Michael Jackson we see here is not a self-styled Messiah or a tabloid oddity . He is , instead , what he always was underneath it all : a talented musician , a brilliant dancer , and one of the most gifted entertainers of his time .
This documentary movie can only help Jackson 's artistic reputation , and the concerts , had he lived to perform them , would likely have done the same .
What really works here is that this is n't Michael at his best , but rather Michael showing what it took to be the best .
As titles go , Jackson 's own self-penned label lingers with hints of what could have been and what never will be . Still , for anyone still looking for a little bit of his magic , This Is It contains more than enough .
A review from a true fan , and from the heart
I was underwhelmed by this concert film of the most successful entertainer of all time .
This Is It avoids the kind of messianic fervor that characterized Jackson 's career . The man 's work is simply allowed to speak for itself . There could be no more fitting tribute .
Not to say it 's a major cinematic achievement , but it does entertain , and uniquely so .
I believe This Is It brings the `` Man In The Mirror '' full circle . We may not have realized what a true musical genius Michael Jackson was , but now we 'll always have this terrific reminder .
Reveals a ` King of Pop ' whose talent was undiminished by whatever private demons contributed to his shocking death at the age of 50 .
a ferociously entertaining send-off for the musical icon , a coda that permits Jackson 's legacy to end on a high note .
It 's purpose is n't to reinvent Jackson , but to recapture some of the creative magic that made the kid from Indiana a worldwide musical ambassador .
A hall-of-mirrors investigation of extraordinary talent , emotionally stunted personality , a performer 's process , and the cruel mistress of celebrity ... but it also serves as a powerful performance version of a last will and testament .
Difficult , odd , kind , obsessive and funny , This Is It finally offers us a very brief glimpse of the real Michael Jackson .
A concert doc without the concert , this airbrushed vision of Jackson 's final months does n't really tally with the tragic reality . Still , it 's hard to take your eyes off the King of Pop as he struts his stuff one last time .
As an exercise in wringing every last penny from Jackson 's legacy , the movie may be a success . But if you 're looking for a tribute to the man who once took pop to its absolute zenith , this most certainly is n't it .
Is it better than Captain Eo ? No , but it 's better than Moonwalker . That said , this was made for the fans , and they 're very clear about that . Fans will love it .
One of the most spectacular concert movies ever .
The last song we 're shown Jackson singing is `` Man in the Mirror '' ; it 's a shame the filmmakers did not take a cue from its lyrics to put together an uncompromising assessment of Jackson , rather than delivering another attempt to perpetuate the myth .
It 's an expertly packaged -- brilliantly packaged , considering how quickly the job was done -- phantasmagoria that emphasizes , quite convincingly , the energy that Michael could still draw from whatever was fueling his wraith-thin body .
Strip away the weirdness , the accusations and the lurid headlines and what remains is a poignant portrait of an entertainer , singer and showman working his socks off to create the best possible concert . No fan could want a better legacy .
A timely reminder of what talent really is in an X-Factor age where any schmuck can be a ` star ' .
Michael Jackson 's perfectionism fails him in This Is It , and we 're all the better for it .
While it 's not a particularly remarkable film , it 's an entertaining backstage glimpse .
Not Bad , but not a Thriller either .
This Is It does n't have enough revelatory , caught-on-the-fly footage of Jackson to raise it above the level of a well-produced DVD extra .
The...world-class band , the techno tricks and state-of-the-art effects , especially the Humphrey Bogart chase sequence , are stunning . It would have been a hell of a show .
What 's missing in the electricity of a live crowd is more than made up for with behind-the-scenes insights into Michael Jackson 's extraordinary talent .
These pure , stripped-down moments of Jackson in his element on stage , music flowing through him are as close to the heart of the man as the public will ever get , resulting in an experience both joyful and melancholy .
A thoroughly captivating , well-edited and heartfelt documentary that must be experienced on the big screen . Avid Michael Jackson fans will cherish it forever .
This Is It is essentially one really big DVD Special Feature , yet it has a real humanity that is enlightening , endearing and surprisingly engaging .
... a fascinating , high-energy snapshot of a music idol shortly before an untimely death , ... whether or not you are a fan of his music , ...
Because none of the footage here was ever intended for public viewing - only for MJ 's library - the film has a unique and welcome authenticity .
Michael Jackson mesmerizes in cinematic swan song .
A film about a technical achievement that never was , not the great artist we 've all lost .
Perhaps the best way to approach it -- at least for those who are not total Jackson fans -- is to view it as an often-fascinating document on how the sausage -LRB- or magic , if you will -RRB- is made for a mega-concert tour .
It 's a fitting celebration of a controversial man 's last days , packaged prettily with a bow on top .
In This Is It , Michael Jackson is once again The Thriller , the biggest pop star the world has ever known .
A documentary would have been a better historical document than a rehearsal film -- unless you 're a big fan . If that 's the case , you 'll love This Is It . If you 're not , it 's like watching band practice .
Awesome . Even if MJ is not singing his songs . What we do see is the state-of-the-art virtuosity of lip synching technology .
Worth checking out if you ` re a big MJ fan ...
The problem is that Ortega offers only the public Michael . We witness him through the eyes of his employees in a film designed not only to illuminate Jackson 's final days but also to set the terms of future conversation about them .
Given just how much material Kenny Ortega and his editors plowed through to whittle together a two-hour scrapbook and they still could only just barely come up with the presentable material here is n't exactly a vindication .
A beautifully assembled tribute to a great artist .
Not that it ever gets beneath the surface - but that surface was so multi-faceted and exciting , at least in this context , that it makes this film impossible to ignore .
The release of the movie within only a couple of months of his death seems a little bit like a cashing-in move , and it is eerie to see Jackson again so soon . Still , fans of him and his music will find a lot to like here .
A must-see danceumentary .
Spielberg 's failure to engage Jackson on a movie-musical project -LRB- Peter Pan or Earth Song or Childhood -RRB- deprived the world of a possible Minnelli-level masterpiece .
A watchable , impressively edited documentary that wo n't disappoint fans but offers very little if you 're a non-believer .
Although it 's essentially a glorified special feature for a concert DVD , it 's a fitting eulogy for fans -LRB- and fans alone -RRB- that is thankfully not overwrought with sentimentality .
Respectful without being mawkish or sentimental , the film is fashioned with the heart Jackson always demanded of himself . It 's not a great film , but This Is It is a fabulously entertaining account of somebody striving to be so one last time .
It is not a rip-off . But make no mistake , it is a cash-in .
a film experience that revels in the mythic figure that was Michael Jackson
These are great songs . This movie , perhaps , is not the best way to remember them .
What might have been just a shameless cash-in actually hits the stage as a toe-tapping and eye-opening tribute to the King Of Pop .
This Is It is one of the best documents of live performance that I 've ever seen , a rehearsal diary that 's more intimate and immediate than a traditional concert film .
Part concert film , part backstage documentary , and all tribute to Jackson 's painstaking musical perfectionism .
Michael Jackson 's posthumously released film about the preparations for his 50-concert comeback extravaganza is a strange creature indeed .
Yes , this was worth doing ... His practice is our awesome .
It is with a mix of voyeuristic fascination , amazement and poignancy , I watched and loved this unique , spectacular film that invites us for a back-stage peek at the creative process of an enigmatic , eccentric , influential and supremely talented artist
This is his '68 Comeback Special
At best , it angrily demands to be rechristened This Is It ! Too often , however , an incredulous This Is It ? seems more apt .
Irresistible on so many levels , this rehearsal documentary delights , fascinates and frustrates .
There 's an eerie sense that Jackson is directing from beyond the grave , when not impersonating himself mimicking romance or lust on stage . While the title intimates a prophetic double meaning , as the chronicle of a singular life , and its abrupt farewell .
It was rough and half-baked , and even the big production numbers do n't come off well .
Death returned Michael Jackson 's humanity , and in a curious , tentative way so too does Michael Jackson 's This Is It .
Differing greatly from the rough , casual mood of many behind-the-scenes pop docs , this one is instead of a piece with Jackson 's body of work : dazzling and strange , blurring the line between fantasy and reality .
... Jackson was truly the greatest entertainer of the 20th Century .
Jackson 's mystery deepens , even as it dissolves between our fingers .
A fascinating and surprisingly intimate look behind the scenes of the King of Pop at the top of his game .
Originally meant for Michael Jackson 's own personal library prior to the pop superstar 's untimely death in June 2009 , This Is It chronicles four months in the King of Pop 's life as he prepared for a string of sold-out concerts that were set to have
It 's fascinating , often in ways the people behind it might not have intended . It 's shiny and slick and scary and cynical , and it 's an epic portrait of all the contradictions in American celebrity culture and one of American culture 's biggest celebrities .
This Is It is Jackson 's moment to shine . For two hours , he 's alive and kicking it .
`` This is It '' is here to rescue us from the tabloids and remind us what true star power looks like .
Die-hard supporters of Jackson will find much to admire in This Is It , however non MJ fans may find the movie 's inability to reach beneath the surface of the singer unsatisfying , as well as troubled by the slightly grubby genesis of the movie .
This Is It is n't quite extraordinary as non-fiction film goes . Perhaps it 's something better : a work of generosity .
Serving as an ethereal signal delay , this cobbled-together rehearsal footage brings the echoing presence of Jackson back into his body , and back on stage , where we came to know and love the man as a gifted performer and a musical genius ... It 's authentic .
Michael Jackson 's This Is It is heartbreaking , exhilarating , baffling . In other words , it expresses the performer 's persona in its purest form .
Michael Jackson is the star of the high-gloss documentary , which emphatically answers the question : `` What would Jackson 's comeback tour have looked and sounded like ? '' The answer : something close to a mind-blowing spectacle .
Anyone who 's a strict admirer of his musical talent , will want to observe the master -- he was n't called The King Of Pop for nothing -- at work .
Without either the effect of a full concert spectacle , or up close and personal backstage intimacy , This Is It is neither one thing nor the other .
This Is It is n't Michael Jackson at his greatest ; it 's him preparing to be at his greatest . But just watching that preparation is gift enough .
No matter the format , even in low-res video you ca n't take your his eyes off him . He truly seems like a force of nature with every signature move -- and some new ones !
Must the show really go on ? At best , This Is It is a mere sketch of what Jackson seemed capable of delivering in London , with the King of Pop only half-singing , half-dancing through his most rousing hits .
This Is It reveals little about the personal aspects of the deeply troubled man behind the sunglasses -- it naturally deals with none of the darker aspects of Jackson 's life -- but it deftly underlines his commitment to showmanship .
If you 're looking for a reminder that Jackson was a unique and irreplaceable artist when he was on stage , then this is it .
This may be as close as we 'll ever get to knowing the strange boy-man who was one of the greatest entertainers -- onstage , on record and on video -- of the 20th century . He comes across as ageless and timeless , just like the songs he sings .
It is interesting to see Jackson in a world created to his specifications after years of only seeing him in the `` real '' world he never quite fit into .
There 's no sign of sickness here , no sense of an artist past his prime . Instead , you see a performer at his peak .
It might have been far greater than this curious collection of half-baked moments suggests . We 'll still never really know .
It 's a bouncy , engaging , slightly revealing and at times downright moving portrait of Jackson , sweating to his own oldies at 50 , prepping a `` comeback '' he never got to make .
Watching Jackson pop , lock , rock , writhe , thrust , and clutch his crotch , even at 50 percent , leaves a feeling of woe : This show really would have been major .
The film is a fantastic monument to Jackson but it does us a dis-service by not giving us a sense of what made him die .
Would those concerts have returned him to his magical pedestal ? We 'll never know the answer , of course . But watching this movie , at least we get a feel of it .
Those who stuck with the troubled pop icon after his universe shifted from the charts to the tabloids probably will find equal measures of inspiration and heartbreak in the documentary . For everyone else , it 's a strange offering .
Yes , you probably want to see this .
For fans wondering if you should see the much-touted documentary memorial concert film Michael Jackson 's This Is It , rest assured , the late King of Pop delivers .
This Is It delivers neither the full-on Jackson stage experience or a revealing portrait of his complex mindset . Yet it does not dishonour his memory and you ca n't deny the power of the music .
Utterly engaging from beginning to end .
I feel fairly confident that a perfectionist like Jackson would never want to be remembered by a shoddy piece of exploitation like This Is It .
It proves that , at the end , he was still a thriller . Fans and doubters alike can look at the gentle , driven singer-dancer at the center of this up-close document and say admiringly , This was him .
Ultimately , though , This Is It is a shallow homage to the good memories of the King of Pop .
This is Michael Jackson unvarnished , the wizard behind the curtain and the man-child in the mirror , and it 's fascinating to behold .
An honorable and entertaining but not particularly probing tribute , This Is It is more interesting sociologically than artistically , and it 's hard to think of another work that epitomizes the new global media age in which we live .
Concert film documents King of Pop 's final labor of love .
Looks like the world has missed one helluva concert .
The result is one of the most revealing music documentaries I 've seen .
a chance to go behind the scenes to see the artist at work crafting his show , and it would have been one helluva show
Even a rhythmless zombie will be able to siphon Michael Jackson 's prowess now . And this time , this is it . If you thought the king of pop would n't deliver on his latest bout of 50 sold-out worldwide concerts , think again .
To remember Jackson 's singing voice at its finest , put his albums on ; if you want to experience his breathtaking talent as a dancer and showman , in what would turn out to be the final weeks of his life , well , This Is It .
The movie entertains and sometimes awes , just like its subject .
Naivete , calculation and all , it looks like it would 've been a helluva show , complete with eco-consciousness-raising , an onstage bulldozer and 3-D Thriller footage , newly created to dazzle audiences left high and dry by fate and Jackson 's demise .
I 'm a music lover , but ca n't say I 'm an MJ fan . Still , I enjoyed this behind-the-scenes/almost-concert film .
Parental Content Review
An outstanding documentary that gives you an inside look into one of the greatest performers of all time . The only thing missing was a performance of `` Dirty Diana . ''
Long live the king !
Proves that no one can pull off glittery pants -LRB- or orange ones -RRB- like Jackson and , more importantly , that no one will ever fill his shoes .
For fans of the late Michael Jackson who are hoping that Kenny Ortega 's edit of the pop king 's rehearsals will slash through the public vilification and help us rediscover his beloved music , this really is it .
Fan or not , in This Is It , you do n't see death , just life . There is no sadness or tears ; you walk out with a smile . Forget the controversies , this is truly who Michael Jackson was - his music . It 's a film that you do n't want to end .
There are two ways to look at Michael Jackson 's big screen B-roll dirge : Either it 's a touching documentary tribute or only slightly classier than stringing up Jacko 's corpse by its wig and making him perform a post-mortem marionette moonwalk .
While it reveals little about Jackson from conversation or dialogue , it offers some valuable insight into his character as a performer and showman .
There 's an incredible amount to enjoy here , and the star 's fans will be in rapture . Though Jackson looks painfully thin at times , his vocal prowess and dancing ability seem to have scarcely ebbed at all in the decade he spent offstage .
If This Is It does n't miraculously restore the middle-aged Jackson to his past glory , it at least offers glimpses of his bygone greatness , and poignant suggestions of what might have been .
A touching tribute , an extraordinary pop culture phenomenon and a unique artistic memorial that gives devoted fans one final glimps of the `` King of Pop . ''
Consistently an entertaining and fascinating film that lifts the veil of secrecy to help us get closer to Jackson in ways that may have never been possible if he was still with us .
Any evidence of eccentricity , scandal or anything else that marked our perception of Jackson the last few years is missing . In its place is a performer in full command of his gifts .
A strange and ultimately underwhelming way to say goodbye to a troubled , talented performer .
Ortega has applied himself studiously to his task , and the film is some recompense for those deprived by his death of seeing Jackson live .
This Is It a testament of a kind , and one that is no disgrace to his memory .
` This Is It ' is a film about a missed opportunity , and is also a missed opportunity itself ... a curiosity , rushed into theaters , casually stitched together , and utterly forgettable .
As a behind-the-scenes look at how a concert of this size and scope actually comes together , `` This Is It '' is undeniably intriguing but as a testament to the artistic talents of Michael Jackson , it comes up short in many areas .
The film paints Michael Jackson in a glorious light , making certain that , since he did not live to see his visions come to fruition on the London stage , this cinematic rough draft would be a swan song worth being proud of .
-LSB- F -RSB- orgeteth thou the unpleasant autopsy and toxicology reports . Seeth how Michael was a man and yet not a man , a man and yet a seraph of spirit and light and moonwalking .
Even without the glitzy appeal of Jackson , there 's a story about artistic collaboration in there that 's worth seeing .
There 's only going to be two camps concerning -LSB- This Is It -RSB- : those who will absolutely love it and those who would n't go to see it except under penalty of death .
This is It provides a valuable service-it allows a gifted musician to deliver the career-capping performance he wanted the world to see , but never got the chance .
Strictly pressed factory floor sweepings , packaged and sold with questionable intent to a public aching for closure ... takes Jackson 's musical legacy and squeezes it for every last remaining nickel .
If you had time traveled in from , say , 2008 , you could watch the entire movie and not know that Michael Jackson is now dead . That 's how restrained this astonishingly entertaining concert film is .









@highlight

While it may not be the definitive concert film -LRB- or the insightful backstage look -RRB- some will hope for , Michael Jackson 's This Is It packs more than enough entertainment value to live up to its ambitious title .