Uneven drama about unhappy family , including tragedy .
This histrionic family drama must have looked good on paper to attract such a big-name cast , but on the screen it comes off as glib , rushed , and underdeveloped .
Julia Roberts plays ultra-sensitive artiste Ryan Reynolds ' noble mother-and that should basically tell you all you need to know about this misguided soapy bunch of bollocks which somehow made its way off the shelf into theatres .
This locally shot weeper is unhappy in myriad ways , few of which manage to coalesce around its heart-stung core .
The emotional effectiveness varies from moment to moment between not pushing too hard or simply not pulling hard enough .
This stale drama is finally getting a limited release and will prove just how limited it is to the poor saps who pay to see it .
A dreadful exercise in navel-gazing that resides in a particularly trite corner of Pat Conroy-ville .
A dispiriting rehash of dysfunctional family clichés that seems to last longer than Thanksgiving Day dinner .
The actors are all good and a few scenes -- an opening family argument , a crucial battle when Michael finally fights back -- are painfully moving .
An unrelentingly grim drama about yet another dysfunctional family .
Just when you 're hitting your tolerance breaking point for these people and their nonstop bellyaching and yelling and baffling hatred for one another , the equally baffling reconciliation kicks in . What just happened ?
It just comes off a little false .
The constant shifting between past and present is handled so badly that it adds absolutely nothing to the proceedings .
The relationships are lived-in and complex , with the same hopelessness that we find in real life . People do n't change .
Lee does n't trust his storytelling or the audience .
`` Fireflies '' is probably too convoluted to pave the way for more roles of this sort , but watching Reynolds get inside Michael 's pain , you hope it wo n't be long until something will .
Those who naturally gravitate to this syrupy genre should n't be disappointed , as Fireflies in the Garden is consistent with tender moments and agonized recollections .
Has all the personality and forward momentum of a cardboard box .
-LSB- A -RSB- middling effort about the fights and reconnections experienced by a family gathered due to an unexpected tragedy ...
A fraught family drama that shows us the same family in past and present , 22 years apart . It might have been more effective if it had followed a chronological order .
the only thing more false in `` Fireflies in the Garden '' than its flaccid melodrama is its clichéd emotional redemption .
There 's a sense of emotional paralysis about Dennis Lee 's Fireflies in the Garden .
It 's a tragedy , in all of the wrong ways .
Despite an A-list roster , the performances are universally one-note , a fact largely attributable to a script overflowing with blunt dialogue and heavy-handed symbolism .
They stagger down memory lane for a little bloodletting , inspect skeletons in the cupboard and invariably end up bathing together in a hot tub of sentimental forgiveness and understanding .
A watchable but ultimately blah family drama .
We 're in the twilight land of the sensitive indie ensemble piece , something American stars gravitate to for reasons of range and prestige , but which ends up being more cathartic for them than for us .
It 's not a bad film - Lee directs with subtle grace and the cast is predictably strong - but it 's saddled with too many characters , not enough drama and a strong sense of overfamiliarity .
This is a slog of a melodrama . And with at least four sob stories competing for space , characters are left dangling like untied shoelaces , as backstories remain unfertilised .
Julia Roberts , Willem Dafoe and Emily Watson are strictly slumming it in this saccharine melodrama .
A sickly sweet family drama stuffed with exceptionally high-profile performers - so much so that they threaten to overwhelm it just by their presence .
A heavy , entertaining but slightly forgettable family drama .
The entire experience feels like it is leading up to a dramatic and well-needed climax , but sadly this never materialises and what we 're left with is a run-of-the-mill yarn , albeit one with a stellar cast .
It may be both both melancholy and intense but it packs an emotional jolt as the prodigal son reaches an understanding - if not a full-blown reunion - with his crotchety old man .
An impressive ensemble lends heft and humour to this sprawling potboiler . Watchable if never truly memorable , it 's a mid-range work for most involved that still affords the odd guilty pleasure .
A sheer slog to sit through , Fireflies In The Garden might have worked if it was n't so damn po-faced and the script actually had something to say about how families work .
The elements are all there but never fully click into place - more like a TV movie than a big-screen drama .
A thoughtful tale but it is not original enough to provide a long-lasting glow .
Consistently watchable and sometimes rather moving , although it is a rather slighter piece than the film-makers seem to think .
An agonisingly sincere drama of familial dysfunction , this is notable for some very basic miscasting .
Dennis Lee 's sentimental drama is full of big stars and good intentions but still winds up feeling no better than a tear-jerking television soap opera .
Eminently watchable but instantly forgettable .
A resolutely middlebrow dysfunctional family melodrama , it 's one of those tediously self-congratulatory movies that projects an unearned air of superiority simply because it 's not another slam-bang summer blockbuster .
A movie tomb in which zombiedom is confused with - what 's the phrase ? - `` nuanced performances '' . Fireflies may be a douche to freshen up the thesp skills of A-listers , but why do we have to suffer for their art ?
Does n't really have a plot , but it cleverly traces the interrelationships in a family over several years , and really gets under the skin
It lacks dramatic impact and fails to deliver the required emotional punch .
As tales of troubled families go , it may have aspirations to be like Ordinary People , but it falls way short .
The movie is one long argument , tiresome and repetitive , that produces more heat than light .
Despite the mega-wattage of pic 's starry cast , theatrical prospects seem dim for this clumsy melodrama , which looks and sounds no better than an average made-for-cabler .
The cast are uniformly good ; it 's all competent , but its somehow not completely satisfactory .



@highlight

Despite boasting a stellar cast , Fireflies in the Garden is just tedious , dull and predictable melodrama . Instantly forgettable .