This is a silly film , but it has some serious horror/thriller chops .
Definitely worth getting out of the house to see .
This New Zealand-made movie is essentially a whodunnit slasher comedy , with the laughs being stronger than the frights .
There 's still plenty to enjoy about Housebound , especially with a crowd .
Covers an admirable amount of genre-friendly ground before winding up with a funny , suspenseful , and kinetic third act .
First-time writer-director Johnstone 's ingenious script consistently wrong-foots the audience and shifts from one subgenre to another without ever once losing its grip on the comedic elements . It 's creepy , tense and scary .
O'Reilly is terrific as the sneery discontent at the centre of the madcap maelstrom , while Rima Te Wiata walks a wonderfully fine line between pathos and aggravation as the long-suffering/insufferable mum whose forced smile is about to crack .
Housebound does ghosts in the walls with the same wacky panache as the recent Wyrmwood did Aussie zombies .
Johnstone is one to watch .
Housebound winningly sticks two fingers up to tired genre persuasions , effecting a barnstorming crowdpleaser populated by people you want to root for and tension you can chew . It 's the stuff Friday nights at the movies were made for .
First-time director Gerard Johnstone may not possess the wild visual invention of his patron Peter Jackson , but he 's ruthlessly proficient at old-school scares .
It is never just any one thing . It is - often simultaneously - scary , exciting , suspenseful and very funny . The characters are unusual and unusually well-defined .
Housebound takes those well-honed horror conventions and flips them on their head , making us second guess every twisty move director Gerald Johnstone makes .
Housebound wo n't terrify you into losing sleep or split your side with its hilarity , but it will make you recoil with surprise and appreciate its wit
It 's always great fun when a movie is this unpredictable .
It transforms from one kind of horror film to another like it were flipping TV channels .
Housebound '' is terrifyingly funny . If it 's playing at a theatre near you -LRB- it 's already on VOD -RRB- , it 's worth a ticket to share the communal terror and laughter .
Even some of the best horror-comedy movies tend to favor one genre over the other , but Housebound strikes a great balance between laughs and scares -- largely because it does n't beat you over the head with the humor .
An extremely confident and promising debut .
The mishmash that results is by turns creepy , silly , inventive , darkly funny and , at one point , mind-blowingly bloody .
If Housebound is ultimately much more funny than scary , it 's because O'Reilly 's pugnacious performance runs so counter to the genre 's usual treatment of women in peril .
The score is suitably ominous with the requisite screeching strings and plinking piano , and the cinematography recalls early Sam Raimi .
What a pleasant surprise .
Hard to categorize -- horror-comedy ? mystery-thriller ? -- but lots of fun to watch .
Entirely too long , but funny and surprising , almost all the way up to its bloody finale .
Unusual and charming in a literally down-home way , but writer-director Gerard Johnstone 's loopy script barely pierces the surface of its promising cast of players and their upside-down world .
A welcome return to quirky Kiwi horror comedy with a juicy payoff .
Housebound features its fair share of genre conventions , but it 's always throwing some tweak or quirk at you , either in the characters or in a choice the story makes or in the tone of how a scene is played .
Housebound is a horror-comedy that ticks practically every box required of both genres and throws in a few extra for good measure .
A marvelously entertaining combo of haunted-house thriller , murder mystery and domestic comedy , Housebound marks a mighty impressive feature bow for Kiwi scripter-helmer-editor Gerard Johnstone .
You grow to feel as if you 're arbitrarily changing the channel back and forth from a diverting horror film to a promising odd-couple comedy .
Comedic elements aside , Housebound succeeds as a horror film - it 's got some great jump-scares , a compelling plot-twisty mystery , and oh yes : plenty of gore .
Housebound is a riotous horror comedy that 'll leave you in stitches , possibly from laughter , or possibly from a gruesome knife wound .
Exhibiting a bold visual style and a natural flair for funny , character-driven dialogue , the New Zealander has delivered a giggly , gory romp that both honours and enhances his native film industry 's love of the macabre .
Housebound unfolds in a borderland -LRB- on the Twin Coasts Highway ! -RRB- between the ghostly and the physical , the eerily uncanny and the hilariously banal
Underneath its comical surface lies a story about responsibility , parenting and a troubling history of neglect . With Housebound Johnstone asks his audience not to look the other way in the most intriguing and riotous way possible .
It 's a remarkably assured first feature , one that balances tonal shifts and just keeps things moving at all times . There 's no fat on Housebound , and nothing is tried that does n't flat-out work .

@highlight

Alternately hilarious , gross , and simply diverting , Housebound is the rare horror-comedy that delivers on both fronts .