The rain in Payne falls on dialogue inane .
Some of these slow-mo-shooter moments , however , veer toward parody .
Payneful
Never comes close to captivating its audience like the game did before it .
The willfully absurd action sequences help the movie slog along , but slog it does , right through to the obligatory after-credits scene to establish the possibility of a franchise .
Based on a Finnish shoot-em up video game , Max Payne is all style and little story , cheerless detective Max -LRB- Mark Wahlberg -RRB- drifting through a washed out and snowy New York in search of his wife 's killer .
It held my attention , which is more than I can say for some of the so-called `` art films '' that come out at the end of every year .
A detective story , a pharmaceutical miracle drug and winged creatures from some demonic dimension sprouting like weeds in the spring . Too much and too artificial .
Imagine The Constant Gardener after a frontal lobotomy , and that 's basically Max Payne in a nutshell .
-LSB- A -RSB- ll -LSB- the -RSB- wide-open possibilities about where this story can go get so narrowed down into something banal and bleak and ordinary that you can hardly breathe with it ...
This tired , neutered action thriller wo n't cause you max pain , but you might wince every now and again .
John Moore directs the hell out of the action , while Jonathan Sela 's glistening photography captures the snow and rain that fall on these bloody New York streets . But you 'd have to be on crack not to guess the ` surprise ' finale .
Among the best films adapted from videogames . Say no more .
Mark Wahlberg 's titular hero has n't cracked a smile in seven years . The surprise is that he makes the lonely cop seem half human with half a dozen words and a staggering amount of violence .
The film combines ferocious self-importance with lashings of really nasty , unreflective violence .
I did n't hate Max Payne , but it 's hard to summon up strong feelings of any kind about something so slick , remote and vacuum-packed you barely feel you 've seen it .
A massive waste of time and a glaring missed opportunity .
Max Payne ? Maximum Payne in the butt more like .
The occasional muzzle-flare of stylish violence , but that 's it . Dull , depressing and dragging its knuckles at 100 minutes , Max Payne misfires and Wahlberg 's leading-man jinx continues .
Director John Moore is clearly more interested in hot babes , body tattoos and slo-mo shootings than he is in story or characterisation . Max Payne offers Min Pleasure .
No high-octane , fast-paced shoot 'em up this , Max Payne may well be the most tedious trip to a cinema you make all year . Truly , the minutes pass like hours . It 's akin to one of those straight-to-DVD titles you only ever find in petrol stations .
It would be far too easy to say that max pain sums up Mark Wahlberg 's latest lead role .
Mark Wahlberg glooms about the land in the latest computer-game makeover , a noir action thriller of such scowling , benighted violence that it could send manic depressives over the edge and make newcomers to that condition of us all .
This tired , neutered action thriller wo n't cause you max pain , but you might wince every now and again .
Reasonably entertaining as long as you do n't attempt to take any of it as seriously as it takes itself .
If you can follow the plotlines of this swingeing approximation of the well-known video game of the same name , you are a better customer for John Moore 's spectacular thriller than I was .
Badly written , poorly acted and surprisingly dull action thriller that substitutes loud gunfire for thrills and does n't bother to develop the characters beyond their video game origins .
Loud and completely devoid of wit or interest , this empty-headed action movie looks terrific thanks to its big budget and heavily stylised visuals . But it 's impossible to care about anything that happens .
Mark Wahlberg shifts the dank micro-climate that is his charisma to Max Payne , a `` neo noir '' action thriller which means it snows a lot in murky New York .
The moment of the film when you should be going `` oh my god I ca n't believe it , '' you 're thinking , `` I wonder if we could sneak into the end of Beverly Hills Chihuahua . ''
I yperstylizarismeni kinimatografikotita poy koybalaei o Max Payne os paradosi sta video games , sta ohi kai toso ikana na ti heiristoyn heria toy Moore , metatrepetai oriaka se parodia , poy plakonei tin tainia toy me mia akathorista atheliti hlapatsa dithe
Max Payne . Epic Fail .
What are you going to do ? It 's cool to be the first game to put players in control of a John Woo gunfight , but to be yet another movie waving double guns in slow motion , not so much .
Slaloms between gritty action and comic-book noir before skidding out into overblown fantasy . The plotline is weak and stretched-out . As the end nears , the pacing gets choppy . But by then , Max Payne lost that important sidekick , Minnie Pleasure .
Take in the pleasure , because Max Payne is the most beautiful video game adaptation yet .
Elegaic where it should be electrifying , dundering where it should be sharp , Payne is lovely to look at and that 's about it
This trashy film is a case of big guns and small brains .
As revenge films go , ` Max Payne ' is a little less than average .
Max Payne is a junkyard dog of a film that is true to its video-game roots even as it transcends them .
Hey , it 's Chris O'Donnell ! Remember him ? In an actual movie that 's shown outside his own home ! On a big screen that is n't built into his own living room wall ! Where the viewer has a ticket he did n't receive because of a DUI !
... even less of a story than the videogame on which it is based ...
Max Payne is one of those ludicrous action movies based on a videogame that 's all style and little substance .
Much happens -- some of it incomprehensible , most of it pointlessly preposterous and all of it slightly less involving than watching algae grow on a stagnant pond .
A thrill-less video game adaptation .
Watching Max Payne is painful to the max .
I am still a big Mark Wahlberg fan but his choice of roles is beginning to try my patience
The fans attracted to Max Payne will readily leave any disbelief by the doors as the action ramps up .
Every shot , every edit is well thought out . But in the end , I did n't care about anyone .
Your quintessential guy film . If you have any significant level of testosterone in your blood stream , you 'll find something to enjoy about it .
Simple , it is as by-the-books formulaic as can be , and there 's not a surprise around that the corner that is n't obvious immediately .
This just in , Video Game movies still suck .
No . Just ... no .
Max Payne starts out promising but eventually begins to unravel , only to end in an awful mess .
Although dialogue may be less than stimulating in ` Max Payne , ' its powerful images relate what needs to be said -- and this approach worked for me .
A dumb film with a great conceptual hook from a director who visualizes better than he dramatizes .
The filmmakers aim their cynicism more at us than at any government or drug company .
It snows one day in Max Payne , rains like crazy the next , and then it snows again . But any way you slice it , the movie 's all wet .
Video game adaptation is bloody but boring .
That the freaky angels all over the ads are n't even real is akin to if audiences had flocked to see Jurassic Park back in 1993 and discovered that the dinosaurs only appeared in a couple brief dream sequences .
There were moments that needed some explanation and characters that needed a quite a bit of fleshing out . But it was violent and fun and since that 's why I played the game , I left the theater satisfied .
I do n't have a problem with brainless entertainment playing it safe and overloading on clichés but Max Payne makes the fatal mistake of being clichéd and boring .
Sexy girls and lots of automatic weapons are involved in an occasionally coherent plot .
You ca n't help but wonder where the fine actor in The Departed and even Invincible has gone . It 's not been a good year for Wahlberg : First The Happening , and now this .
Maybe somebody decided the movie was already so convoluted and leaden that throwing in a few swooping , screeching valkyries could only help . They do not .
The moviegoers are passive hostages on a long ride they 've taken so many times before . So gameboys are advised to man their PlayStations this weekend ; action-movie fans in search of red meat can wait for the inevitably more graphic DVD version .
A movie that cares much more for poetic choreography in explosive gunfights than gaping lapses of logic in a flimsy crime narrative .
There are several old adages actors should follow when considering a film role : never work with children , cute barnyard animals or do movie adaptations of video games .
Max just drags on as it drags you down . If you stay and watch the endless end credits , there 's a short scene that hints a sequel is coming . That 's what I call real pain .
Maybe fans of the game will be okay with the cinematic adaptation but for those who are n't new to Max and his world , this is n't an impressive introduction . Clunky action , chaotic plotting , and embarrassing dialogue are not ways to impress newcomers .
Mark Wahlberg , who has proved himself a very capable actor , seems to have nominated himself for the Russell Crowe Lack of Charisma Award , and is running a pretty convincing campaign .
A weak little sister to Sin City .
No amount of generosity could excuse the levels of ineptitude on display here .
Dark , moody , extremely twisted and hard to enjoy on any level .
Miserable , in every sense of the word .
Director John Moore pays homage to the video game by pushing the slo-mo button during action sequences in a fashion that would make John Woo weep tears of sorrow . He 's not the only one .
It 's stylishly directed by John Moore , and his actors do n't embarrass themselves , despite the iffy premise .
Let 's hope next time they get a literate script , an engaging plot , a better-suited supporting cast and a more restrained director .
Max Payne , game or movie , has precious little to say .
The movie is a series of glum interrogation scenes that lead nowhere special , with a not-quite-sci-fi urban murkiness that makes it look like someone was trying to shoot Blade Runner in Cleveland .
Painful to watch , but it 's nothing an aspirin ca n't fix . Might as well save yourself the headache , though .
Max Payne may be the worst movie of the year . The `` may be '' qualifier is only because the year is n't over yet .
The few thrills it does have are outweighed by its rather dumb plotting and an overly familiar sense of style .
Give ` Max Payne ' the modest credit it deserves . It 's a gloriously dumb , over-the-top slice of convoluted pulp fiction , and far more entertaining than I would have expected .
A profound feeling of laziness hovers over the entire picture , suggesting that it was as joyless to make as it is to watch .
Honestly , you find yourself rooting against Payne 's survival , even with a good actor in the hollow role . There 's nothing inside the film 's sour , slovenly spirit of vengeance .
A straight-up action picture , and a rather bombastic , familiar one at that .
Andy Samberg 's imitation of Marky Mark as Barky Bark is vastly more amusing than Wahlberg 's latest action vehicle .
A big reason why videogame-to-movie adaptations are currently batting .000 is that filmmakers work so hard at recreating a game 's look that they ignore the obvious problem of assembling a bunch of lame cutscenes into a story .
The whole thing is nothing more than an extremely well-designed and wonderfully shot shooting gallery , and if that 's your cup of tea then you 'll certainly drink your fill with this one .
The movie is styled to death % u2014 it 's hyper film noir without the philosophical resonance % u2014 and it 's certainly something to see .
Eventually , Max pieces together a conspiracy , but Max Payne spells it all out so obviously that the densest audience members will put the pieces together at least half an hour before the hero finally does .
Simply terrible . An insult to gamers and action fans . Frankly , it does n't even deserve notoriety as one of the year 's worst ; it deserves to be forgotten .
As shiny and hollow as its used shell cases , Max Payne does n't have much to offer beyond a recycled noir attitude and a progressively violent , predictable story .
The film should have been about Payne getting addicted to drugs , having a good heart , but doing really bad things to search for the man who murdered his family -- not this mess .
Wahlberg packs the talent to add depth to most roles . In this one , though , he does little more than mope around and blast away -LRB- video-game style -RRB- in this barrage of rapid fire .
It boasts a stylish surface , but there 's nothing new beneath it .
Like other video game adaptations there 's barely a third dimension to any of the characters , but there 's spades of neo-noir mood .
There simply has yet to be a decent film adapted from a video game . Why studios persist is a testament to the lobotomised throngs who encourage them by paying to see this type of gleet .
This intense action thriller will be recalled for its exciting visuals and relentless action rather than its acting .
Though the film 's action scenes wo n't win awards for originality , they ca n't be faulted for either their scale or love of slo-mo .
The producers of movies based on video games must think their audience is nothing but easy-to-entertain morons . It 's the only explanation for a movie this dark , dull , and dumb .
Visually compelling and with a cast willing to make the effort so that we 'll take it seriously , this is a solid action film .
An embarrassment to a genre that 's already delivered some of the worst movies of the last ten years .
Given the effect Max Payne has , by the close you may feel that they 've misspelled the hero 's last name .
Though the PG-13 rating of Max Payne limited the amount of violence , the film still succeeds mainly due to the dark , gritty and beautiful cinematography .
Max Payne is content to be an efficient vehicle for the delivery of a familiar range of sensations , some of which almost rise to the level of feelings .
Another laughably bad movie based on a popular video-game title .
A critic can stay alert through movies that would put elephants into comas , but I doubt most people will stay awake for Max Payne .
It is stylish , slick , loud and empty as the producers wanted it to be .
Moore artfully blends vidgame and film-noir aesthetics while editor Dan Zimmermanâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s measured rhythms yield a more coherent , less frenzied work than one might expect from the source material .
The emotional underpinnings and psychological depths of great detective fiction get tossed aside for a wallow in stylistic excess .
Did Wahlberg read the script , or was it hidden under the pile of money that the producers dropped at his door step ? ''
It 's a one-dimensional detective noir rather than an exciting shoot-em-up .
The movie 's excellent design and mood almost -- almost -- outweigh the stupid story .
Max Payne joins Fox 's steadily increasing roster of entirely ineffective action pictures , alongside such underwhelming disappointments as Hitman and Live Free or Die Hard ...
... the resonance of the mythic imagery and potential of the premise creates a fascinating film in the margins of the pulp story in the foreground .
nothing we have n't seen before
A big nothing , not even hokey enough to watch for the sake of laughing at it .
85 minutes long , rated PG-13 , released by Fox , directed by John Moore , and a screenplay based on a video game . That 's a recipe for disaster .
This action saga is driven into unintentionally self-parodic territory only a seven-year-old boy could reasonably stomach .
Unable to really turn chilly menace into tough , action-packed fun .
As good as a couple of its action beats are , Max still suffers from the heartlessness that makes games emotionally inferior to movies . Nobody ever shed a tear over a video-game character 's death .
The story , involving conspiracies , does n't always make sense . And the surprises are easy to predict ; director John Moore does n't try to hide them .
This noisy , dull , structurally messy adaptation of the popular videogame is a step down in the blossoming career of the gifted actor Mark Wahlberg .
I never trust a film in which the protagonists have conversations or even arguments in the pouring rain -- without umbrellas .
There are guns blazing , mysterious winged creatures , a symbolic tattoo , an elusive blue elixir , an unresolved murder and big stunts , yet Max Payne is surprisingly lacklustre .









@highlight

While it boasts some stylish action , Max Payne suffers severely from an illogical plot and overdirection .