Allure is an intriguing , stylishly visualised neo noir , but in the end , has neither the depth as a psychological drama , nor the suspense of a thriller , too often feeling dark and nasty for its own sake .
In this well-acted but ultimately melodramatic ordeal , the only alluring thing is the title .
Excavates sexual trauma to darkly fascinating and meaningful effect .
Despite its stellar performances , this feels like a psychological drama without much basis in actual human psychology .
Wood delivers another impressive performance but the dry , humourless script makes it almost impossible to root for her .
Teeters on the brink of pretension , but is rescued by an incendiary turn from the always interesting Evan Rachel Wood .
Allure sets itself up to be an erotic thriller , but is all the better for avoiding cheap bunny boiler tropes , and instead focusing on character .
This is bold filmmaking with a great deal to say .
Deeply unsettling , but ultimately unsatisfying psychological drama that over-manipulates its specious situation .
A weak shrug of an ending leaves an interesting film feeling less than satisfying .
It 's a valiant effort overall but it 's also one that requires further plumbing of depths to truly pull off what is being attempted here .
Allure runs out of things to say before its hour-and-three-quarters are up . But what it does say speaks volumes about human psychology , dependency and abuse .
The drama is memorable but often feels grimly unpleasant rather than moving .
One well-crafted and unsettling tale .
By any other name it 's an undercooked psychodrama that makes bad narrative choices and wastes two fine performances .
While it 's impossible to recommend this blisteringly dark film across the board -LRB- I think you can tell if it fits your mood or taste -RRB- , it does haunt , rendering it a psychological thriller that more than lives up to its billing .
It is a sophisticated debut , taut and melancholy , that is effectually distinguished by the powerhouse performance of Evan Rachel Wood . Her character will floor you .
I suppose there are worse things for a film to be than an educational conversation starter . However , Allure is a difficult , and ultimately , an unsatisfying watch as a film .
The screenplay does n't rise to the level of the behind-the-camera craftmanship or the acting .
This is an exquisite portrait of human suffering . Particularly for first-time writer/directors the film is a marvel , a brilliant objet d'art that is incredibly unpleasant to watch .
The utterly humorless script of Allure often makes for uneasy viewing .
Bad love comes in several varieties in this thriller about a woman whose relationship with a teenager has dire consequences .
Brothers Carlos and Jason Sanchez , who wrote and directed this intriguing film , may or may not reveal why Laura is so self-destructive , but viewers open to exploring her disturbing behavior will find this daring film compelling .
The filmmakers seem less concerned with telling a story than in convincing the audience -LRB- and maybe themselves -RRB- that they can handle this provocative and potentially exploitive material ... with what 's conventionally considered `` appropriate '' sensitivity .
There 's no reprieve from the dour tone of Carlos and Jason Sanchez 's film .

@highlight

Allure has visual style and an intriguing Evan Rachel Wood on its side , but a clumsily told story leaves this sexually charged thriller less than the sum of its parts .