Directed crisply and with a palpable air of mid - '70s paranoia thriller .
Dump a murderous psycho brat with a corny Russian accent into that troubled mix and you 've got a real horror show on your hands . But not a good one .
If you are a huge fan of the evil kid sub-genre of horror flicks , then this movie is definitely going to be right up your alley .
Weak adult characters and lame ending aside , Orphan succeeds more often than not , mainly thanks to Fuhrman 's performance and Collet-Serra 's direction . It 's not a fantastic thriller but it 's not bad and often far better than it probably should be .
If we could all stop for a moment and think about how excellent and uplifting garbage can be , America would rally around this movie like the treasure it is .
The movie is , as these things go , enjoyably trashy .
Decidedly amoral .
As interesting as Collet-Serra 's story is , there 's simply nothing here that you wo n't find in other better evil children films in the library ...
Alas , in the end , it 's not nasty enough .
Bad Seed-style horror movie is gory and ludicrous .
Orphan is not very good . At 90 minutes , it might have been amazing . At nearly two hours , it 's tedious .
This is the rare fright flick that is actually grounded in some genuine human emotion .
For the most part , Esther is an entertaining and solid addition to the Evil Child canon .
... more concerned with producing cheap thrills and melodramatic effects than creating any sense of mystery or suspense .
David Johnson 's script plays fair with red herrings before a devilish denouement with all the torque of a good twist . Esther does n't just want to topple the Colemans ' house of cards . She wants to torch it , and `` Orphan '' is gruesome , gripping material .
A difficult child that horror-loving parents will find hard to adopt as one of their own .
Something is n't quite working in the intended way when the audience 's primary reaction for two-plus -LRB- ! -RRB- hours is raucous laughter .
Orphan is as much a high-tension , frightening thriller as it is a straight-up horror flick , at least it is until it devolves into outright silliness in the final act .
a carefully staged deconstruction of our assumptions about horrorshows about preternaturally manipulative and malevolent children
`` A superior entertainment . ''
Collet-Serra 's film succeeds in being genuinely creepy , is commendably well acted by all concerned , and contains the best twist since The Crying Game .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra -LRB- House of Wax -RRB- endows this ugly mess with a slew of unintentional laughs , but not enough to repay the 123-minute time suck .
The movie amps up the tension to a laughable degree , using every cliché in the horror movie guidebook .
A pretty good little B-movie thriller .
Isabelle Fuhrman as Esther does her best with the material , but frankly the story lacks a strong central thesis about the nature of evil .
Audacious , silly fun .
Strange and nasty Esther is the consummate political player in a deadly game of unhappy families , in this fairly straightforward psychological thriller .
One of the good things about ORPHAN , which is directed by Jaume Collet-Sera , is that it takes itself quite seriously and manages to bring a surprising level of originality to the potentially familiar material .
Enough jump-out-of-your-seat moments to make this nonetheless trashy , implausible thirller watchable .
Much credit goes to director Jaume Collet-Serra who shows off his skills to much better affect than in his ... ridiculous 2005 remake of House Of Wax .
Although slightly overlong , the film sustains the escalating horror and keeps up its sleeve a truly shocking revelation that 's carefully prepared for , though not signalled .
Lifted above the average by a pretty nifty twist and some unnecessarily good acting .
Sticking closely to the conventions of the Evil Child movie genre , there are few surprises -LRB- or even scares -RRB- as we saunter towards that absurd ending . Just about worth a punt on DVD .
It has atmosphere and tension , and the performances are far better than usual for this sort of caper .
Preventing Orphan from surpassing its `` solid '' status is the predictability of much of its plot . You 'll be able to guess Esther 's next move well before she makes it , and some of her sinister shenanigans suffer from being too outlandish .
Nicely down horror flick with a great twist near the end . This is one EVIL child . Well-directed , too .
Daring and fresh , ` Orphan ' is easily one of the best horror movies of 2009 .
There 's something wrong with Esther says the marketing tagline to this film , which sums up my response to the film itself .
Check the return policy for this Orphan .
Predictable and been-there , seen-that , but entertaining nevertheless at times .
This wickedly entertaining , if slightly over-stretched , variation on the familiar ` evil child ' scenario displays an unusually complex grasp of twisted psychology .
A creepy premise is undermined by wilfully flashy direction as a fine cast struggle bravely to inject credibility into a tale of vanishing nuns and burning treehouses .
If you 're not easily offended or upset , there is much to enjoy in Orphan . Horror films this skilfully made do n't come along that often . You probably wo n't find a better one this year .
Some impressively committed work from Farmiga -LRB- even when Googling `` Children who kill '' -RRB- and a humdinger of a twist make this a rather good bad seed .
Directing with a wink and some style , Jaume Collet-Serra -LRB- House of Wax -RRB- knows that it 's possible to be totally absurd and witty with it -- he has that trash touch .
It 's not only the heavily-signposted `` secret '' that 's obvious , but every single scene , as square pegs fit joylessly into square holes for the full running time .
Preposterous in all the right ways , Orphan is this week 's true guilty pleasure .
Collet-Serra manages to sustain tension throughout , prudently deploying his jumps and jolts and pumping up the grue factor . So while it often prompts hoots of derision , they 're often choked off with a vice-tight wince .
There 's a lot of slow burn to endure in the first hour , but the payoff is one of the most batshit crazy finales in recent memory .
Okay , so I saw the ending coming a mile off -LRB- and no , I 'm not going to spoil it for everyone by telling you what happens -RRB- but that did n't stop me actually enjoying this guilty pleasure .
Orphan is nasty but enjoyable , and the whole film is so competently crafted and superbly acted , especially by the three central females , that I was gripped and entertained throughout .
Orphan is certainly scary enough for the story to haunt you after the film is over .
That director Jaume Collet-Serra made House of Wax , the Paris Hilton remake , does not bode well . But stars Vera Farmiga and Peter Saarsgard , as mum and dad , find a few frail pegs of humanity to hang their characters on .
A squall of improbabilities leads to a laughable late revelation , yet somehow the film keeps a clammy grip .
After a slow-burning start Orphan degenerates into an increasingly grisly , far-fetched affair with a jaw-dropping twist that has you chortling with disbelief .
Scoff-inducing twist aside , this is an uncannily astute and unnerving family psychodrama , over-garnished by final-act splatter .
A welcome addition to the Evil Child sub-genre , thanks to great performances , strong direction , a delightfully over-the-top plot , some impressive gore effects and a terrific twist .
If Esther materialises silently and unexpectedly once at the edge of the camera , she does it a dozen times - but this is merely the film warming up its trash aesthetic before heading onwards to a memorably queasy finale .
It 's not a bad idea for a horror movie , that the seeming victims are not innocent and their complicated past weighs on their present .
... an angry , bitter and abhorrent display of masochism masquerading around as a legitimate horror film .
I think that , if someone really wanted to adopt -LRB- as my dear parents did -RRB- , it would take more than a single movie to dissuade them .
An exceptional cast , including child actress Isabelle Fuhrman , make Orphan a cut above .
Distinguished by a loony plot twist and by its sympathetic treatment of characters ...
Orphan delivers the goods and then some , but it 's the pretense of respectability that overshadows its often silly , superficial but satisfying scares .
I really enjoyed Orphan and enjoyed the fact that the film went to some pretty dark and twisted places .
Balancing well-rendered melodrama with some impressively ballsy genre moves , Orphan is more enjoyable trash than it should be . Call it John and Kate Plus Hate .
Competently directed junk , with a script that abandons logic at every turn and dialogue that even some snarky teenage girls seated behind me could predict out loud .
It would be harder to find a more dark and joyless thriller on the market than this one .
As the poster says , ` There 's something wrong with Esther . ' There certainly is -- she 's trapped in this terminally dull and dimwitted movie .
I 'll give this much credit to the movie : I absolutely did not see the twist coming . This is because the twist ... is unconscionably f ----- g stupid
Not too much gore , and just the right amount of terror make this a mind twisting horror movie in the tradition of `` Carrie '' and `` The Omen . ''
Schlocky but scary with a weird plot twist that may leave you stunned .
Its many outright depictions of children in jeopardy are scary , but its marital drama is even more unsettling .
It 's bloody , you should be warned , but in the end it is worth it .
Painfully predictable .
An entertaining addition to the evil child genre , simply for its over-the-top chills and nutty plot
filled with over the top gore and unnecessary plot twists better off left unseen . Leave this one at the orphanage .
uncomfortable and wrong
It 's based on the scene that plays out every day in the checkout line at Walmart .
The most committed , downright unpleasant child-from-hell movie imaginable . It makes The Good Son play like Pollyanna .
An idiotic anti-adoption movie that skates over thin ice in its silly but vicious story .
Do n't be afraid . Horror movies about creepy kids can be frightening % u2013 just not in Orphan .
Scared me . The twist works .
A decent horror flick with a great kid villain that is undone when it hits familiar chase movie territory and dead is n't really dead dead end .
The inclusion of a twist ending that 's flat-out jaw-dropping in its audaciousness virtually justifies the entire movie 's existence by itself ...
It 's ... uh ... creepy in that other way .
I would have laughed if the movie had n't already sucked my soul from my body
There 's a surprise ending , followed by several bonus endings , and we 're not giving anything away in noting that the film 's titular adoptee has more lives than Chucky .
Clocking in at more than two hours , the movie teeters between psychological horror and violent blood-letting and , as such , probably wo n't completely satisfy fans in either camp .
While the third-act surprise twist of Orphan must have looked wicked-good on paper , on screen ... not so much .
The scares are often the generic , push-off-the-slide variety and Orphan does n't add much to the genre except , disturbingly , a fetishistic bent that 's creepy in the wrong way .
The stomach-knotting is kept taut throughout , and the acting is first-rate -- none more than Fuhrman , who seems to have the self-awareness and skill to be one of the best child actors around .
Although reasonably , cheesily suspenseful , the movie takes a long time to get going . Its tagline , ` There 's something wrong with Esther , ' turns out to be a masterpiece of understatement .
It takes too long to get started , it pulls some key punches , its dialogue is deeply uninteresting , it relies way too heavily on endless jump-scares and its finale is pure slasher-flick formula .
Scary-kid movies just are n't what they used to be .
The film rests on Furhman 's shoulders , and she 's up to the task .
As much fun as it is to follow Orphan 's improbable developments , there is also a dark undercurrent that lingers with you afterward . It 's that troubling theme that takes the movie from good to almost great .
Occasionally sinks into ludicrousness , but has enough suspense , chills and surprises to keep avid horror fans viscerally compelled and ultimately satisfied .
Oh , how I wish it were true that Orphan was a knowing parody , instead of an unwitting one ...
The best thing about Orphan , is the way it plays with the genre 's overused staples and its sophisticated audience 's expectations .
Has enough kinky Grand Guignol moments and scenes of sheer terror to make a quick killing at the box office-even though it borrows from just about every other Bad Seed flick Hollywood has ever unleashed .
It 's a cut above most spooky-kid movies , with a twist that sets it apart .
Orphan contains one of the most terrifying and intense horror endings I have seen in years but the rest of the film was just laughably bad .
While laughter may not be the intended entertainment value , you have to admit Orphan does entertain . Is n't that what really counts ?
Orphan is one of the weirdest major studio summer movies in a long time . It 's the kid at the summer movie school that no one wants to play with because he 's more than a little odd . I always liked kids like that .
Parental Content Review
This is a poorly directed wannabe horror film that nevertheless contains more laughs than The Proposal , The Ugly Truth , Ghosts of Girlfriends Past and Land of the Lost combined . Is that a compliment ? Kind of .
Actors have to eat like the rest of us , but you still have to wonder how Vera Farmiga and Peter Sarsgaard ended up wading through Orphan and not laughing .
To really get under your skin , a bad-seed horror movie needs a demon child whose dastardliness sneaks up on you . There 's nothing too subtle , however , about Esther .
So sloppy , so lowdown , so shameless and so entertaining , Orphan provides everything you might expect in a psycho-child thriller , but with such excess and exuberance that it still has the power to surprise .
It would be nice to think that Orphan brought something new to the genre , but the only thing it adds is more running time .
-LSB- Orphan -RSB- never exploits the dramatic possibilities , despite the efforts of its excellent cast and gorgeous production values .
It just never quite comes together , either as a horror movie or as a goofy campfest .
This is galling , distasteful trash . I hope the children involved in making it are never permitted to watch it .
The acting is richer than the story ... but this is a film designed to live or die on its twist . Good luck with that .
I 'm almost offended that I 'm not offended .
That 's quite a creepy premise for a horror story to live up to . That it does -- and more -- is a testament to the level of intensity in this tale of a troubled couple who adopt a 9-year-old Russian girl .
This Orphan is an atmospheric and occasionally vicious little git and an above-average entry into the `` cuddly hellspawn '' genre , overlong at two-plus hours but nowhere near as excruciatingly overdone as others of its ilk .
Just because Orphan is relentlessly bad does n't mean it 's not entertaining .
... a persuasive addition to the subgenre of bad-seed-horror films like `` The Omen '' where a creepy little kid wreaks havoc and murder on the lives of ill-equipped adults .
Nerve-shredding creepy kid home invasion alert , and takeout foundling traumas galore . Along with magnanimous curtsies , excessive doting on dad , stalking parental kitchen sex and , well , a tendency to bludgeon living things .
I did n't mind wasting two hours watching the truly ferocious Furhman teach Max how to play Russian roulette and snickering when Kate thinks to Google `` children who kill . ''
Sets up a series of increasingly queasy taboo points and then proceeds to rocket-cycle over them .
Overlong and overwrought , Orphan stays faithful to every cliché of the genre .
Surely writers David Leslie Johnson and Alex Mace deserve their own circle of hell for thinking up the story , which moves with breathtaking cynicism from disturbing to grotesque to perverse to ludicrous .
What could be an interesting horror film just turns ... horrible .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra -LRB- 2005 's `` House of Wax '' -RRB- serves up a hoot of a trashploitation flick that both follows preset patterns and upends them .
One of the best entries in the cute-as-a-button-psycho-demon-child-from-hell subgenre .
An unnerving psychological thriller with the atmospheric elegance of classics like Rosemary 's Baby , Do n't Look Now and Dressed to Kill , masterful in its blends of style and substance , violence and mayhem .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra moves Orphan along efficiently , doling out a ` boo ! ' shot every few minutes with mechanical professionalism .
If director Jaume Collet-Serra set out to make a parody of horror-film clichés , he succeeded brilliantly .
Fifty years ago viewers were both shocked and riveted by The Bad Seed , and thirty years ago they went for the ride with The Omen , but to make such old-fashioned and trashy horror flick in 2009 is both courageous and bizarre , to say the least .
During a summer with the usual transforming robots and young wizards , this chilly flick is a bit of a break , and there are worse options than letting this Orphan in the door .
The problem with Orphan is n't merely that the film is idiotic -- it 's that it 's also sleazy , formulaic and repellant .
Despite director Jaume Collet-Serra 's apt use of running children 's laughter for jolt scares , the suspense generated from Esther 's early lunatic behavior is of a mild , amusing variety .
A thoroughly enjoyable demon-spawn movie in the tradition of The Bad Seed -LRB- 1956 -RRB- and The Other -LRB- 1972 -RRB- .
Here is a shamelessly effective horror film based on the most diabolical of movie malefactors , a child .
Pristine horror fodder had the script maintained some gumption and cheerfully waltzed into a wonderland of sleaze . Instead , it pulls every last punch ... a seriously tasteless motion picture , but it 's equally as spineless .
House of Wax director Jaume Collet-Serra returns to the horror genre with Orphan , a clumsy thriller that elicits far more laughs than genuine scares . Like too many horror films these days , the movie is so rife with false scares or misleading
Solid lead performances and a moderately engaging premise make Orphan a slightly above-average evil-child movie with an infusion of Electra complex and a good , if half-hearted , narrative twist .
Teasingly enjoyable rubbish through the first hour , Orphan becomes genuine trash during its protracted second half .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra , working from a devilishly clever script by David Leslie Johnson , maintains steady suspense while mercifully mixing in some moments of dark humor .
A pretty interesting movie about the crack-up of an American family lies right under the filmmakers ' noses , but in their rush to deliver shock and gore they miss every opportunity to make a smart movie .
Orphan works because it 's a film that knows exactly what it wants to be -- creepy as all get out -- and does everything possible to achieve that goal .
It feels too slow and moody for the Halloween crowd and too absurd and silly for more discriminating horror fans .





@highlight

While it has moments of dark humor and the requisite scares , Orphan fails to build on its interesting premise and degenerates into a formulaic , sleazy horror/thriller .