On the bright side though , it works as a good introduction to the subject and it highlights radical feminism as a political ideology .
An intimate , insider portrait of the most influential art movement of the late 20th century .
... a real trip down memory lane for people involved in the early feminist movement in the United States -LRB- the soundtrack alone will push your nostalgia button -RRB- , and a great resource for teaching ...
Contrasting with the ferment of the times , the film is orderly and rather subdued , but it 's an excellent introduction to a movement that produced artists as diverse as Yoko Ono , Cindy Sherman , and Miranda July .
A compelling story emerges of a feminist art movement inspired by the civil rights and anti-war movements , its loosely organized members striving for equality and recognition through guerrilla protest tactics that were in themselves art .
This doc is real gem -- as relevant to the feminist art movement as Exit Through the Gift Shop was for street art , albeit less flashy in its composition .
An important film about the women 's art scene which has never really received its due .
What the director succeeds in doing is constructing a powerful educational tool that incorporates primary documents and oral histories of the women who made the movement , giving them space to finally have their voices heard .
-LSB- The -RSB- footage -- some 125 hours of it -- became perhaps the only known record of an entire movement of art that was otherwise unseen and undocumented .
A staunch declaration of identification and reverence .
Has meaningful things to say about race , class , power , sexuality , and economics as well .
By the end of the film , you 'll be searching out the work of Judy Chicago , Sheila de Bretteville , Faith Ringgold , Miranda July and the Guerrilla Girls , among many others .
It 's both enlightening and a bit messy , but then history is always messy .
These women deserve to have their voices heard , and this film finally lets them have their say .
An astute mix of interviews with artists , critics and experts on the movement .
It 's affecting , and the tone , which is polemical , is also rueful and realistic .
Self-described `` patchy '' documentary about a determined movement of female artists to gain visibility in a male-dominated world pummels with scores of talking heads and archival material .
We were n't all there watching the struggle take place , and a more clearly stated thesis or a simple delineation of cause and effect could have gone a long way .
Lynn Hershman Leeson introduces us only superficially to her dozens of pioneering friends .
Good politics , bad filmmaking .
To see this seismic subculture memorialized with such an amazing trove of archival clips is worth tolerating pretentious blather ; you feel like you 're bearing witness to a monumental act of reclamation .
Passionate , contentious , funny , sincere , politically attuned .
! Women Art Revolution moves briskly , unfolding as one lively sit-down after another with artists , scholars , and curators who established themselves at the height of second-wave feminism .
Rich portrait of the Feminist Art Movement .
Anyone seeking a dialectic , of course , can look elsewhere , but Hershman Leeson 's film is a valuable resource on a movement whose issues remain relevant .

@highlight

Though a tad messy in spots , ! Women Art Revolution is a worthy chronicle of an influential art movement seldom explored or documented .