One of the funniest films I 've seen in a years .
Extremely dumb and vulgar comedy ; not for kids .
You 'll laugh , you 'll laugh , and you 'll laugh % u2014especially if you see the movie in the cannabis enhanced glaze that the filmmakers intend .
` This night is about the American dream , ' Kumar promises , and you know what ? It sort of is . -LSB- Blu-Ray -RSB-
... for all its juvenile shortcomings , there 's a sweet and beguiling charm to the film .
A deserving modern classic , even if only for being so bold as to describe Katie Holmes ' breasts as being `` the exact opposite '' of the Holocaust .
... fares a whole lot better than the majority of its stoner-comedy brethren ...
An over-the-top romp which rehashes lots of dumb drug jokes but breaks far enough away from the tried-and-true teen formula to earn a high mark even from this jaded critic .
A multilayered goof on ethnic stereotypes ...
a whacky , racially refreshing breather in Hollywood 's white-dominated , politically over-correct bummer of a mainstream culture
Go ahead , it 's what you crave .
While unabashedly unsophisticated , this flick is subtly smarter , more audacious and more finely tuned than other movies of its ilk ...
Warm , crazily inventive and sometimes hysterical ...
Behind all the Farrelly-esque gross-out humour and Cheech & Chong-isms lies a sensitive little picture with a deftly handled anti-racism slant .
It 's all as serious as a White Castle slider .
... this film is dreadful ! Horrible ! Terrible ! Aaaarrggghhh !
Funny and brave ; it 's tradition with a refreshing new twist .
Frankly , if there is n't already another Harold and Kumar movie in the works , then there should be .
Will never become a teen classic , to be remembered lovingly as the film that shaped your teenage years but one thing 's for sure : it 's very funny and wonderfully dumb .
There 's an audience that will appreciate this , but they may struggle to see it through the smoke .
Director Danny Leiner has now elevated the stoner comedy to its highest peak ...
Stretches the boundaries of offensiveness in ways that both make us laugh and make us think .
A thin setup followed by thinner jokes .
Click to read the article .
Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle is the latest multicultural variant of the lowbrow buddy comedy in which the heroes just want to get high and laid .
There is a lot of imagination in this wacky ride of a film that would make ` The Dude ' from The Big Lebowski very happy .
Amid the insane goofiness there 's some serious stuff happening that actually speaks to us .
It 's what a stoner comedy should be . It 's what a buddy comedy should be . Two for the price of one sure as hell ai n't bad ... the funniest thing I 've seen in months .
Nearly every gut-wrenching turn is somehow derived from an ethnic slur , juvenile sight gag , or the glorification of an illegal substance and its side effects .
So disreputable in its premise and so fly-by-night in its technique that it 's easy to enjoy . It 's unburdened by aspirations
Features quite possibly the worst , most unfunny scene of the 2004 film year .
as far as stoner comedies go , this is a surprisingly well-done affair
Harold and Kumar discover that the American Dream is not to be Doogie Howser ; it 's to be Neil Patrick Harris .
pulls off the nearly impossible in subverting racial stereotypes by constantly evoking them
A raft of guest stars -LRB- Neil Patrick Harris , Christopher Meloni , Anthony Anderson , Bobby Lee of `` Mad TV '' -RRB- -- at their absolute wackiest -- flesh out this stoners ' banquet .
... all of which add up to nothing in terms of plot , but plenty in terms of entertainment value , laughs and fun .
An empowering idea is woven with great subtlety into a series of poop jokes , sex jokes , and pot jokes . Maybe some people will miss it . I did n't .
Once every summer season , the Holy Grail appears on screen . In 2004 , it came as a steaming sack of tiny square burgers , the good end to a long , superb stoner road revue .
The pacing is clunky , with the flat feel of a sitcom .
That the movie is dumb goes without saying . But is it funny ? You betcha .
What 's impressive about the jokes is how smart so many of them are
This new comedy offers `` American Pie '' type teen humor with John Cho and Kal Penn playing the leads .
Harold and Kumar give brain-dead comedies a good name
A stoner comedy with a clear-headed sense of wit ...
A nasty , cynical , and outrageously funny look at racism and xenophobia framed around a pot-driven food run .
A well-paced and extremely funny yuk-fest that never takes itself too seriously -- and neither should you .
Instantly forgettable but fun .
What grounds the film , always , is the likableness of leads Cho and Penn. .
Silliness is the movie 's only ambition , but there 's something mind-blowing about seeing a fratty comedy through two pairs of Asian-American eyes , particularly when those eyes belong to actors who were token minorities in other dumb comedies .
... the movie has delivery that often overshadows the punch lines , and it 's not very accessible .
The funniest road trip comedy since Todd Phillips 's ` Road Trip . '
Repeatedly , as per road-movie formula , Harold and Kumar come to expect sex and/or druggy delirium , only to be disappointed .
Often , the boys ' misadventures attain a farcical perpetual motion that 's as funny as anything playing out on today 's movie screens .
A peppy , satisfying comedy that could soon become a minor classic .
Will seem a classic if you 're stoned , and only slightly less funny if you 're straight .
This is one more ` youth movie ' that 'll put years on anyone over 25 .
The outlandish premise and greasy title may be a little hard to swallow , but Danny Leiner 's proudly moronic film embraces its boneheadedness so cheerfully that its lowbrow charms are nearly irresistible .
If it 's possible for a movie to be sly and full-on raunchy at the same time , Danny Leiner 's p.o.v.-shifting stoner-buddy comedy is it .
The rare funny scenes are dominated by predictable sex or drug jokes .
It 's a delightful surprise that Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle is so hilarious for pretty much all the reasons it should be so predictably brainless .
Has enough laughs and misadventures to satisfy its built-in audience , but it wo n't win any converts .
This is Dude , Where 's My Script ?
It leaves you hungry -- for a better movie .
A little more disturbing than it intends to be , and in the amateurish hands of director Danny Leiner -LRB- Dude , Where 's My Car -RRB- not as funny as it might have been .
Crude , tasteless , sophomoric and crass . It is also , sometimes , funny .
All too often , the movie piles on ` shock ' comedy without the hidden art that makes shock palatable as comedy .
While Harold & Kumar is n't quite a low-brow revelation on the scale of Clerks , it is one of film history 's more inspired examples of off-color Jerseyana .
A slacker tale that balances the gross-out gags and idiotic drug humor with some sublimely silly nonsense .
The most gut-bustingly funny movie so far this year .
The laugh ratio in this run-on of skits is pretty low , at least to the unaltered mind of one who 's seen enough of these films and eaten enough White Castle burgers to last a lifetime .
Whoever thought that one of the best times at the movies this year would feature a shot of Doogie Howser snorting cocaine out of the small of a woman 's back ?
What makes Harold And Kumar so good is their demented selves -- you 'll love the characters .
When the 90 minutes are up , you 'll likely wonder why you laughed so hard and so often at something so silly .
This gonzo ganja comedy is propelled more by sly charm , sharp wit and stinging social satire than by mere smoke jokes .
Plays it a little too safe and hackneyed with the comedy , but the characters and the talented actors who play them are a refreshing change of pace that make the movie feel like a minor buddy-comedy revolution .
It panders and aims way too low way too frequently .
Perfectly paired , John Cho and Kal Penn take the stereotypes of the brilliant Asian and the genius Indian for a joyride .
It 's enthusiastically vulgar , yet it adroitly takes on the topic of racial stereotyping , a surprisingly effective combination for a comedy .
H&KGTWC is a smart person 's fart movie ! It 's like a American Road Pie Trip for the intelligente - the partying intelligente
One secret of fiction is the creation of unique characters who are precisely defined . The secret of comedy is the same , with the difference being that the characters must be obsessed with unwholesome but understandable human desires .
While not as outlandishly contrived as director Danny Leiner 's Dude , Where 's My Car ? H&K is about as barely funny and just as hard to believe .
What 's engaging about all this is that Penn and Cho are smart actors doing very dumb humor . Somehow the combination proves amusing .
This movie has instances of absolute hilarity ... but unlike the burgers , it has a lot of unnecessary fillers . Dude , where 's my hamburger ?
Harold and Maude Go to White Castle might have been a better bet , but this is nevertheless a gross-out comedy with a difference .
This may not be the funniest film of the summer nor even the stoniest , but it is still an enjoyable chunk of resin-soaked celluloid .
Cho and Penn pull off the fast-food humor with a laid-back style that gets them through even when the movie lags .
Danny Leiner has n't matured as a filmmaker . And that 's a very nice thing indeed .
Perfect summertime munchies for the drive-in . Lewd , raunchy and likely to spawn a sequel or two . It 's also fearless , well-acted and smarter than it lets on .
-LRB- This -RRB- is n't your typical lowbrow comedy about dopes smoking dope . Deep down , under the buns and fun , lurks a heapin ' helping of heart .
If you 're among those who giggled at the trailer before calling your buds to say Dude . Harold Kumar . Looks funny. , you 'll probably find a solid case of chuckles here .
There is a key to good 'n' stupid lowbrow comedy : ... be proudly , shamelessly , flippantly stupid ...
I will tell you without compunction that I laughed many times during the film , and I will add that 90 percent of those laughs were at things I can not repeat here .
-LSB- S -RSB- tarts out gross ... and descends into the utterly moronic .
This buddy pot comedy 's blunted charm lacks the clarity to make it soar as high as its protagonists .
Just when we thought the stoner comedy was a hazy relic of the past , along comes a new farce that has every hallmark of having been written while under the influence .
A distinct entry in the pantheon of stoner comedies ; the `` what the hell ? '' moments are so insanely conceived that they 're often really funny .
That Cho and Penn are such likable actors and are so funny in their roles earns the movie more slack than it probably deserves and prevents it from being just another gross-out comedy .
Goes for cheap and easy laughs way too frequently .
Its very unambitiousness gives the film moments that almost approach charm . That said , it 's still mostly just extremely dumb and vulgar .
A movie that is funny far more often than it flops , and one that - more importantly - challenges the Myth of the American Melting Pot .
Harold and Kumar just need to go , period !
H&K has a lot to say about smoking pot and the silliness of its illegality ... a `` Marijuana Kills '' public service commercial ... is a stroke of satiric genius .
In those rare instances when it 's not being a dumb comedy , Harold and Kumar is a rather crafty satire of racial stereotypes -LRB- which , it must be said , traffics in a few stereotypes of its own -RRB- .
The multicultural cast gives a shred of substance to what 's otherwise a standard adolescent gross-out flick .
an epic pothead movie with laughs and smarts
It does have one thing on its side : It 's freakin ' hilarious , man .
Attacks of hunger and indigestion , comic hallucinations and episodes of flat-out insensibility are scrambled together on this goofy roller coaster ride of dope .
Sweetly silly .
The jokes are n't exactly smokin ' , but there are enough high points to make this a gratifying pot comedy .
It always takes an unexpected route . Often unexpectedly stupid , yes . But there 's also something weirdly original about Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg 's script .
There are at least three very funny things in Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle , and the stuff in between is n't bad .
In their formidable quest for junk food , Harold and Kumar end up redefining what the all-American protagonists of Hollywood movies should look like -- and prove this comedy is not quite as brain-dead as it originally appeared .
At road 's end , Harold and Kumar smells very similar to the shrine of its title , which is great before you bite in and way less appetizing after you 've sobered up .
A laugh-out-loud if not-exactly-good stoner comedy .
Just as Mike Judge 's Office Space has become an anthem for all us Gen X cubicle slaves , Harold and Kumar will resonate deeply with anyone who attended high school in the 1990s and at least saw a joint .
A funny stoner buddy movie , with nods to those original multicultural high times guys , Cheech and Chong , and flashes of the kind of party-on comedy that Saturday Night Live slackers Wayne and Garth made most excellent .
A celebration of the rights of all people from all races , creeds and beliefs to have equal access to the best-damned burger Americans can fry up !
`` Harold & Kumar Go To White Castle '' may have a better grasp of modern race relations than so-called `` serious '' films .
The script goes to acceptable lengths to make the duo more than the idiotic , giggling stoners we 'd usually see .
If you want to laugh loud and long , go see it . But for heaven 's sake , check your tender sensibilities at the door .
Smart , goofy and endearing , Cho and Penn make a terrific team , and the fact that they 're starring in their own movie suggests that , in the Hollywood comedy frat house , there 's finally room for everyone .
It is n't just another dumb druggie flick that suggests the world begins and ends with getting high .
I do n't know if it 's a revolution , but it 's a step in the right direction . Funny , too .
-LSB- Harold and Kumar -RSB- share a quality the overgrown adolescents in films like this are never allowed to possess : They 're witty , focused , and highly aware .
One of those silly , rude , crude , buddy adventure movies that hits the right spot .
It does n't make any sense , but damn if it does n't pull it off in style .
-LSB- Cho and Penn -RSB- form an immediately likeable twosome with enough chemistry to carry this comedy ... past some obvious faults .
If told as a story by a guest at a party , `` Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle '' would undoubtedly end with the phrase : `` I guess you had to be there . ''
Has the coarse exterior of a typical ` stoner classic , ' but also a prominent undercurrent that is sweet , clever , and even a little thoughtful .
Though too scattershot and uneven to be recommended without reservation , it has a loose , goofball charm that makes it a pleasant surprise and may earn it cult status .
Winds up a sweetly nonchalant and excellently unwhiny allegory of seeking and gaining entry to the Caucasian fortress that is present-day America , or at least nocturnal New Jersey .
... an instant stoner classic .
This is a hilarious , fever-dream of a road-trip movie .
As unsatisfying as its titular fast food chain 's repulsive mini-burgers , Leiner 's film shoots only for scatological silliness .
The sad reality is that the picture exists in this dimension where it will , for the space of far too many weeks , torment and agonize average , innocent Americans by its very existence .
Made me laugh loud and often as much if not more than any other movie I 've seen this year .
Its unforced mixture of the crass with the sweet may not be the likeliest of combinations , but it is a decidedly beguiling one , all the same .
What could have just pushed the usual youth comedy buttons is instead a crafty spoof on issues from racial politics to American highway monoculture that belies its cover -LRB- and marketing -RRB- as only a dumb gross-out laffer .
A blissfully silly , character-driven road movie with impressive laugh-per-minute performance specs .
You 're going to think I 'm insane , or kidding , but honest-to-God this is one of the year 's best films
A simple , brain-dead chuckler that might as well have been called Dude , Where 's My Burger ?







@highlight

The likable leads and subversion of racial stereotypes elevate Harold and Kumar above the typical stoner comedy .