This is X-Men and you should n't expect to be blown away by both the plot and action , but you can fully expect a plot that works much better than the reports are stating .
With Singer again at the helm , Apocalypse maintains enough visual elegance and emotional credibility to preserve its status as the superhero series made by , and for , adults .
If you 're looking for standard summer movie action , this movie has it . It 's like a Tiny Toons adventure version of the original X-Men films .
Ultimately , not the best film . Although it was better than X-Men : Last Stand . So they have that going for them .
Apocalypse proceeds so confidently that you feel assured that it all fits together and makes perfect sense , even if you 're not getting it in the instant .
Oscar Isaac has no time for dance numbers in this one
With Professor Xavier reminding Magneto that there is good in him , a scene from the luminous First Class flashes , making you wish you were watching that one instead . This is strictly for the fans !
Despite the long run time and obvious filler , this is a wholly entertaining blockbuster of superhero magnitude .
Despite being all too familiar , this Marvel package deal does give a bang for your buck .
Apocalypse is hot garbage because no one had an idea for it beyond `` We got ta crank another one of these out before Marvel reclaims the rights '' .
All in all , Apocalypse feels like the rise of a new generation of X-Men characters that could easily take the franchise to new heights of glory .
Apocalypse feels like it comes from the alternate timeline where Singe ... reached into an uneven bag of overheated story bits and fished out a few great X-Men moments .
X-Men Apocalypse , for as big and dumb as it is , is n't much fun at all . Instead , the mutants ' latest outing undercuts its occasional hints of heart and humor with an excessive runtime , self-serious story and , yes , a lot of big dumbness .
If this sixth instalment is not the apocalypse to the X-Men universe , then maybe it should be .
The big , silly stuff that gets played out with absolute commitment to the X-Men world makes for pretty delightful moments .
Days of Future Past was a doozy . Apocalypse ... not so much .
The set-up is sometimes quite intriguing . Especially when it features Michael Fassbender as Magneto -LRB- massively magnetic -RRB- .
Bryan Singer has managed to pump out what is probably the best X-Men film after First Class . He really does demonstrate what a difference a director can make to a mega-film such as this .
Even the publicity geeks ca n't convincingly milk as exhausted a teat as X-Men .
Will Apocalypse destroy the world , or will he spend the entire second act battle-posed with his minions in the high deserts over Cairo monologuing to Professor X ?
X-Men : Apocalypse avoids the disgrace of X-Men : The Last Stand in 2006 , but it 's certainly the weakest link of the new trilogy .
I ca n't say that I hated watching Apocalypse . It unreeled with the usual fury , but its playbook evolves over two-and-a-half hours without finding much that 's inspired .
The lesson to take from X-Men : Apocalypse is for our artists and filmmakers is to throw off the shackles of convention , and be freed from the burden of conformity .
It would n't really be accurate to accuse this of being the worst of the four major superhero movies released in the first five months of 2016 , but it is surely the least interesting .
Compared to Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice -LRB- a convoluted snore -RRB- or Captain America : Civil War -LRB- bombastic and contrived -RRB- X-Men : Apocalypse is the one that 's worth the price of admission .
Slow , then bloated , and explodes with boredom , and will probably lull you to sleep before you even get to the end . I do n't know where it went wrong since the director is the one who made the X-Men franchise super popular , but we all have our bad days .
It 's overloaded , to say the least , but if it gets a little clumsy at times ... it 's still kind of impressive how much information screenwriter Simon Kinberg crams in with the spectacle of the 143-minute film .
Singer once brought an intimacy to the social political dimensions that often made the X-Men franchise the thinking man 's superhero movie . Yet it is clear that the weight in the themes that come with ... Apocalypse has left Singer and his movie floundering .
If you go in not expecting much , Apocalypse is actually pretty entertaining .
With a cast that includes three Oscar-nominees , it seems like they may have gotten bored with their roles . All do good work here , but there almost seems to be a look of relief in their eyes that they 're done with the spandex for good .
I still liked his latest X-Men effort quite a bit , flaws and all , the aspirations fueling it almost as super as they are heroic .
Time for X to take some zzzz , perhaps .
The X-Men franchise gets bigger with Apocalypse , which brings the mutants face-to-face with the end of the world ... but the story lacks any danger .
This is certainly more of the same ; it 's just not very more-ish .
Nothing about this film makes sense .
Unlike many of his competitors , Singer finds grace notes amid the chaos , as when Xavier 's exploding mansion is freeze-framed in time so we can watch the impossibly fast Quicksilver almost nonchalantly pluck innocents from the path of destruction .
At almost two-and-a-half hours , in spite of collapsing cities , new characters and a Wolverine cameo , X-Men : Apocalypse offers so little over such a long running time .
More than anything , the series shows signs that it 's running out of steam , and that the motives for its continuation at this point are more financial than creative .
Arguably , no one knows the ` X-Men ' saga like Bryan Singer and his stalwart production team , which is evident when playing with characters and timelines , as they 've done in the past , and do so expertly here .
A great visual spectacle that can be somewhat predictable and plays it too safe . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's little distance between X-Men : Apocalypse and the films of Chinese director Jia Zhangke . Although their audiences are different -LRB- juvenile thrill-seekers and art-movie devotees -RRB- , the films appeal to the same grim taste for catastrophe .
So many beads of sweat dripping down the sides of angsty faces . So many eyes shut tight in intense concentration . So many implied intestinal blockages .
A fine addition to the X-Universe , the film has a few minor issues , but stays true to the franchise and to the spirit of its characters .
A merely entertaining movie that does n't surpass its predecessor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` X-Men : Apocalypse ' is a solid entry in the super-hero genre .
Might work in the first half , but it turns into a mess full of destruction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with no suspense , no tension and too long for what it actually offers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This 4th film in the saga directed by Bryan Singer is a big let down . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
just when you start thinking there 's something there , the film shifts into wholesale destruction mode
An obvious low point in the otherwise solid X-Men series ...
It 's a rush to squash it all into 144 minutes but writer Simon Kinberg has done an admirable job .
What it lacks in the pitch of liveliness it more than makes up for in character exposition and effective trickles of story progression .
Tolerable but disposable .
The X-Men series has found some promising new blood in front of the camera , but it 's sorely in need of some behind it as well .
There 's not much innovation in the story nor in the characters . -LSB- Full revew in Spanish -RSB-
A misstep for the mutant franchise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite epic intentions , X-Men : Apocalypse reveals a franchise running in place , its levitation twist on destruction - things fall up rather than down - now a tired visual cliche . It feels like a finale no one has the courage to admit .
It has a convoluted and silly plot and wastes several of the greatest actors working today . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
This episode is the 4th directed by the series ' originator , Bryan Singer , whose sophisticated touch always allows an audience to enjoy a relatively-cerebral cinematic experience .
For a series that has stood out for its uniqueness , this sequel feels sadly traditional and bland .
The massive cast works against the 147-minute movie -- there are just too many folks to keep track of , and we learn next to nothing about most of them .
This is one of the big dangers for the extended franchise model of filmmaking -- that characters and series will be kept alive not because there 's a story to tell , but because the franchise must be kept alive .
Its problems are crippling but not fatal , the film kept afloat by a raft of brilliant performers - even when Singer has no idea what to do with them .
A bloated and boring ninth installment of the superhero franchise .
The movie is filled to overflowing with characters , subplots and groundwork for future X-Men films . Despite being overstuffed , the plot works well enough , and there is more than enough spectacle for action film fans .
No superhero fatigue here .
Singer finds a way to revitalize one of the X-Men 's more problematic villains , mixing him in with a smooth piece of comic-book nostalgia and some solid action to make a reliable entry in the durable franchise .
Tries to be a continuation of the previous two chapters , while also serving as an origin story for characters who appeared in the first wave of X-Men pictures . This leads to a muddled story that feels like it 's going forward and backward simultaneously .
It 's basically a closing chapter to a feeble trilogy that started out pretty well and then ran out of gas , and now must serve as a prequel to shadowy X-related endeavors yet to come .
This year 's best superhero movie yet , which is n't saying much .
Overstuffed .
The over-stylization of the 80s seems to have contaminated Bryan Singer 's direction . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Glowering under buckets of gloppy blue makeup , Isaac does n't seem to be playing a godlike figure capable of destroying the world as much as the sort of grumpy uncle who always complains at barbecues that there 's not enough mayonnaise in the cole slaw .
Say what you will about ` Apocalypse , ' it 's hard to know what damn fool thing Singer 's gon na do next . See enough of these movies , and you start to value that quality .
Fassbender , McAvoy , Lawrence and Jackman are saving what they can of this grandly wasted spectacle of special effects . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In spite of some issues wth rythym , the film delivers some truly exciting action scenes and will please fans of the comics . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The latest edition in the X-Men saga may be biting off more than it can chew but thanks to Oscar Isaac 's Apocalypse it is still catnip for fans of the franchise .
X-Men : Apocalypse is a decent follow-up to Days of Future Past - albeit one that will service longtime series fans more than casual filmgoers .
Fox 's latest Marvel movie is no fantastic failure like Fantastic Four , but it does n't inspire any enthusiasm for future installments .
` X-Men : Apocalypse ' has enough going for it to keep this series from becoming X-tinct .
While it is n't as stellar as the first two - First Class and Days of Future Past - X-Men : Apocalypse still manages to thrill you with its mutant action and impeccable characterizations .
Some of the franchise stalwarts , such as Jennifer Lawrence 's Mystique , are given too little to do . Most are given too much .
If only the filmmakers possessed the mutation to travel back in time and make a different movie that 's smart and fun like the last two films , rather than labored and cliched .
A sleek sports car of a summer blockbuster junked up by too many aftermarket accessories .
X-Men : Apocalypse the assembled a cast of excellent thespians who bring the burning hot energy of embarrassment felt by a kid whose mom walked in on him masturbating .
Even though the movie is top-heavy as a result of all the set pieces , action spectacles , character arcs and back story infill , it still functions as a film unto itself because Singer never loses sight of the emotional stakes .
Fassbender , Lawrence and McAvoy class up the proceedings , and along with a cast of younger mutants and a surprise cameo , make it a lot of fun .
The movie 's overlong , at nearly 2 1/2 hours , but the first 90 minutes are the best superhero stuff we 've seen this year , full of character-building and quick action beats .
For all the mess Apocalypse makes , the quality of its cast and characters , combined with the strength of the stories that have come before , will at least make Singer 's new film entertaining as a quick fix .
Yet another superhero movie disappointment . Uninspired , thoroughly routine , seen this before-itis . Boring villain .
The ninth movie in the franchise , leaves the impression that its makers should have left well enough alone .
After the drab , shaky affairs of Civil War and BvS , it 's nice to see a superhero movie with vivid , coherent action . Unfortunately , the story is tired and the dialogue is terrible .
Maybe it 's time for the franchise to take a knee .
` X-Men : Apocalypse ' gives ` X-Men : The Last Stand ' a run for its money as the worst entry in the long-running franchise .
Without a compelling villain , it 's hard to resist feeling like it 's just more of the -LRB- mutated -RRB- same .
While not the worst version of the X-Men franchise -LRB- I 'm still wounded by X-Men : First Class -RRB- , it certainly proves the apocalypse might be near for X-Men .
As a popcorn movie/timewaster , it 's a sufficient diversion , but it 's becoming clear that this franchise is at the end of the line .
X-Men : Apocalypse hits all of the proper grace notes we 've come to crave from this second wave of the franchise .
The sight of Peters zipping through still time is so chillingly brilliant that you wish they created an Oscar for best pop song special effects sequence .
If you ca n't ever get enough of these characters , you 'll probably have a grand time . But there 's just nothing new here . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity etc. - Also Available -RRB-
A stylish sugar-bomb that throws caution , logic , and the leather budget to wring every bit of entertainment out of a threadbare franchise .
This is not one for the uninitiated . It 's also not one for people who like action and thrills .
Not bad !
Singer seems to have all but given up , dutifully assembling a collage of everything he thinks people should want in an X-Men movie , but not what they truly need .
Comic fans will be mystified . Movie fans will be confused . Everyone will leave disappointed .
There 's no spark , and everyone lumbers through the motions . The apocalypse , it turns out , is deadly dull .
It all makes for a fantasy-fun , if not deafening , two hours and 24 minutes .
Enough already . Singer throws so much mutant at us that nothing sticks . I was almost rooting for Trump to impose a quota .
Same old , tired and very worn plot line , different movie .
It still feels like they 're setting up for whatever the real story is going to be . STILL .
A disappointing , mediocre movie .
Somewhere in the midst of the computer-generated carnage of X-Men : Apocalypse , as the valiant mutant students of Prof. Charles Xavier again did battle with the evil mutants arrayed against them , I was struck by a wave of déjà vu .
In his fourth stint in the director 's chair , Bryan Singer does a masterful job weaving new material with past storylines and great imagery .
It lacks the appeal of the previous films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a fun , exciting and effective sequel that will hardly disappoint the fans , however , it adds nothing new to the franchise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
X-Men : Apocalypse is n't bad enough to kill a huge money machine franchise . But if any band of superheroes could stand a cinematic intervention , stat , it would be these freaks and geeks .
It 's the work of a madman , a poet dancing down the street in his underwear , laughing as the city crumbles around him . We need more like it .
With only thirty or so rewarding minutes , X-Men : Apocalypse is gushing with over two hours of what feels like filler for something memorable and mesmerizing that never materializes .
Watching the same origins , the same conflicts , the same struggles , you could describe it as more , but you also call it the same .
The movie seems dull and bloated .
X-Men : Apocalypse seems to know exactly what it 's doing and feels comfortable and confident in its retro , '80s - set world . The film balances its self-seriousness -LRB- featuring heartbreaking backstory side plots -RRB- with lighthearted humour .
I love these conflicted misfits , even when they 're fighting a supreme being who seems imported from a far inferior , less interesting world .
It 's not the first deflating X-Men picture , but it 's the first from director Bryan Singer , who now has four of these under his belt , including the original .
For every lively moment , there 's a reminder that the franchise is tiring . The genre 's emphasis on potential mass death is obsessive and unimaginative .
X-Men Apocalypse would be considered a perfectly acceptable superhero movie if far more satisfying movies in the genre did n't already exist .
Apocalypse excises long-running X-Men themes , including xenophobia and civil rights , in favor of indistinguishable , hollow , CGI-laden conflict .
Enormous goings on keep going on , and on , in `` X-Men : Apocalypse , '' a collection of explosions , eruptions and conflagrations that suggests the implosion of a franchise .
The property is running on bald tires , and , for all its ear-splitting racket and lavish effects , `` Apocalypse '' is the barest of retreads .
The mutants of X-Men : Apocalypse are fighting their greatest enemy yet : sequelitis .
I found myself loving this strange , straight-faced operetta that embraces everything from Gregorian chanting to East German punk to Flock of Seagulls
The movie marks a course correction for the series in the wrong direction .
Those who have seen the previous `` X-Men '' movies will likely feel motivated to keep their run complete , and over 2 hours and 23 minutes , they mostly get their money 's worth .
Mostly ... it 's the same old story : Bad mutants versus good mutants , with the fate of us humans - mostly off-screen , disturbingly expendable - hanging in the balance .
Even the hardcore geeks who like to get their Comic-Con on might be feeling a little superhero fatigue right about now . Still . You owe it to yourself to see Quicksilver do his thing .
Visual spectacle and entertaining individual scenes ca n't fully compensate for an overstuffed epic that -LSB- ... -RSB- carries very little feeling or emotional weight .
`` X-Men : Apocalypse '' is n't a catastrophe , but you may find it lacking .
Visible here is the usual trouble with prequels , especially prequels with four credited writers . It could be advertised as , `` Here , after the fact , is an inferior predecessor to something we later perfected . ''
At times , `` Apocalypse '' can be great fun , even if it does n't know when to hand its car keys to a friend and ask to be taken home .
Overall , X-Men : Apocalypse bookmarks the chapter on one of the team 's most powerful foes and leaves us wondering what 's in store for the next class of the X-Men .
It feels flat , disjointed , with too many moving parts .
Do n't believe the negative hype . Though sluggish and overlong , the ninth film in the franchise has some entertaining moments .
I liked it a lot .
The film flirts with the substance of a delicious main course , but ends up being an annoying succession of hors d'oeuvres that never fill you up .
Apocalypse is an effort to catch up to that grander mode of comic-book storytelling , but its epic scope is a mile wide and an inch deep .
It would appear that this new franchise is finally starting to show a little weakness , for what Singer delivers with X-Men : Apocalypse does n't even come close to reaching the quality of the films that preceded it .
Why is Bryan Singer even making this ? Does he remember ?
Awards-worthy special effects and a trio of world-class actors -LRB- Jennifer Lawrence , James McAvoy and Michael Fassbender -RRB- help place `` X-Men : Apocalypse '' a few thrills above others of its ilk .
A mediocre multitude of mutants ... with no character development , meaning no emotional investment .
Singer 's fourth X-Men film is not just a step down , it 's a fall down the stairs .
Yet another summer superhero movie - admittedly , with fine special effects - where powerful characters misguidedly battle each other , until they realize they have to defeat a common enemy .
Apocalypse may be noisy , but one thing is clear : It 's a setup . And that 's worth watching .
Feels like an exercise of obligation , just another item on 20th Century Fox 's spring honey-do list : Replace the batteries in the smoke alarms , release another X-Men movie , clean the gutters . Rarely has the end of the world felt so inconsequential .
If all this sounds wildly entertaining , it 's not .
`` X-Men : Apocalypse '' moves along tidily , but you watch thinking that all this used to be a lot more fun .
The X-Men have always represented a more thoughtful and grounded superhero franchise , and Singer has trouble placing them in the middle of a world-ending blockbuster .
A finale to the second trilogy that does n't quite match its immediate predecessors , but is still a solid entry in the superhero sweepstakes .
Situations , character conflicts and lines of dialogue seem to be repeated - and reiterated , again - from previous `` X-Men '' movies .
Despite this large cast of appealing actors , very little has been done to allow audiences to relate to these ` mutants ' . Instead , the film relies on the kind of whiz-bang destruction ...
Probably the worst superhero movie I 've ever seen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This may be the most gifted cast yet assembled for a superhero movie , and it 's enjoyable to simply watch them play pretend together ... -LSB- However , -RSB- Apocalypse too often feels like a reworking of familiar elements .
While extravagant , the CGI borders on the predictable , and the 3-D effects are less than memorable . Unlike , say , X-Men : First Class , this one does n't have nearly enough charm to compensate for the bloated story line .
On the whole , the series keeps on improving .
It 's the end of the world as we know it - because we 've seen it in a dozen other superhero movies by now .
It 's hard to know where to begin to describe what an overinflated bag of nonsensical hooey this movie is .
It may be too much to ask for cinematic lightning to strike three times , as X-Men : Apocalypse , which has some exhilarating scenes , ultimately turns into the kind of lumbering , special-effects-laden spectacle that the previous films mostly avoided .
The rare comic-book film that , like its antagonist , absorbs the knowledge of its lesser peers and inspires a few moments of genuine awe .
It never reaches the heights of the previous entries ; the scripts is too flawed and Snger 's direction is n't energetic enough to make us care enough . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
X-Men : Apocalypse comes from the ` more is more ' school of thought , and though it 's -LSB- Singer 's -RSB- biggest X-Men film to date , it 's also his most disappointing .
In this senseless and uninvolving new sequel , the series ' former wit , resonance and internal logic seem to have been lost in all the swirling clouds of computer-generated dust .
Quicksilver once again provides the high point , not just in a callback to the Pentagon scene in the last film but in this film 's brief but most emotionally authentic scene .
Ironically , the thing that vexed about the X-Men comic books as a kid is the exact same thing that I love so much about the movies as an adult : shades of grey .
I wo n't revisit `` X-Men : Apocalypse '' any time soon , but I do n't regret giving it a chance .
The film is fun in its own right with its grand scope and great special effects , and it does n't require a viewer 's knowledge of its predecessors to be enjoyed , even if those who already know the characters get an even bigger payoff .
Far better than the early buzz suggests , even if the last act is a bit of a mess . Some terrific set-pieces .
Do n't bother unless you have a deep emotional investment in the history of Professor X 's hair loss and Jean Grey 's skills set .
This closing chapter of the First Class trilogy falls into the same trap as The Last Stand , the final part in the original X-Men trilogy : it shifts the focus from character detail and social commentary into a more standard effects-heavy action brawl .
While it 's okay to enjoy big studio films of this size , one should n't feel obliged to trudge through them annually and celebrate their mediocrity just because you carry the mantle -LRB- or the cross -RRB- of a fan .
... all Sturm and no Drang .
As a superhero movie in general and an X-Men movie in particular , Apocalypse delivers everything a viewer could reasonably expect from it .
Much of what makes X-Men : Apocalypse legitimately interesting also makes it frustrating and lopsided .
Director Bryan Singer delivers amazing visuals and lots of action from a tenuous plot and a ropey script .
Wo n't change the world or even the game . It 's solid and forgettable . And right now that seems like a compliment .
There 's much to recommend X-Men : Apocalypse - its best sequences knock the crap out of anything and everything in Batman v Superman . But its bad moments are worse than the worst bits in Captain America : Civil War .
Born with special gifts and powers , they whinge endlessly about being different and treated by society with suspicion but it 's poor old humans who end up crushed underfoot by their warring ways - and frankly , I 've had enough .
X-Men : Apocalypse is n't perfect but it is still a rousing , actionpacked tale and after so many sequels it achieves the impressive feat of leaving you wanting more .
Suffering from the same bewildering superfluity of colourful characters that beset the superior Captain America : Civil War , this nevertheless has fun with its 1980s setting ...
Gifted a terrific cast and layers of psychological intrigue that bested anything in his original series , -LSB- Singer 's -RSB- degenerated Vaughn 's original . Not the kind of mutation anyone expected or hoped for .
Cities fly and monuments colapse but there is n't any suspense or tension behind any of it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The saga starts to show signs of weariness and the humor has been significantly toned down . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun and efficient movie full of brilliant and exiting moments , with a a crazy and sometimes cryptic sense of humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The craze for the genre started with Singer and it 's safe to say it also starts to get exhausting with his latest film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This last entry takes the best and the worst from the previous films , resulting in a gray , damp , colorless and passive movie . Nothing happens , yet a lot of things happen on screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The young cast of Xers are all pretty good and some of the action scenes are expensively impressive , and yet this feels a little strained and overly familiar at times .
While the individual characters can be very appealing and charming , no one gets more than two lines at a time to further any agenda or plot .
Bryan Singer has made enough of these superhero things to know how to put them together , and for long periods balances competing story lines and the contradictory needs of action and drama reasonably well .
If you are not familiar with the X-Men story it may pay to read up before joining the ticket queue . But overall it 's an enjoyable and fast-moving movie about mutants in all their mystery .
All of the film 's issues with characterisation may have been forgiven if the film at least had any kind of enjoyable action to speak of .
X-Men was always about the outcasts , the misfits , the ones beaten down . It 's unfortunate then , that Apocalypse spends so much of its time trying to fit in .
X-Men : Apocalypse succeeds in finding its own unique groove alongside this year 's many superhero blockbusters .
While there are some genuinely moving moments in X-Men : Apocalypse , it is too often an overly familiar reworking of superhero-movie ideas , especially the seemingly all-powerful villain confronted by a group of flawed heroes .
The most incoherent and irrelevant entry in the latest mutant trilogy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With tense situations and conflicting passions , Singer and the rest of the cast make the best adventure movie in a long time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sequel with more action and destruction , but adds little to the franchise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Is interesting , it has pace and is `` entertaining '' , but there is also a lack of self-consciousness in this new stage of the mutants . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not the worst movie in the saga , but the previous ones set the bar too high , making this a minor entry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you 're just in it to see mutants scrap it out , Dragon Ball Z-style , you 'll probably leave satisfied . That wo n't stop Deadpool 2 from drawing stuff on this film 's forehead .
I found it fun and daft , just as superhero films should be - my biggest problem is just that it is at least half an hour too long .
The scale overwhelms the characters , who are largely void of motivation or purpose ...
If you thought Days of Future Past was as epic and nightmarish as it could get for Marvel 's mutant superheroes , then think again .
First Class is still my favorite by far , but Apocalypse gives the First Class plenty to do , where they were somewhat sidelined by Wolverine in Days of Future Past .
A visual effects spectacle from start to finish with lots of action scenes that will get your heart racing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
X-Men : Apocalypse is a clumsy comic-book caricature . There are literally sequences in this movie that were predicted in Deadpool .
About precisely nothing other that pure pulp comic-book soap-opera rigmarole , overshadowed by clichés , implausibilities , and missed opportunities .
Apocalypse certainly has its issues , but it is undeniably a fun and engaging comic book movie that is only second to X-Men : First Class in how well it actually brings the comic book X-Men world to the big screen .
When it works , X-Men : Apocalypse is great fun . When it does n't , it 's dull and messy . The pros do outweigh the cons , but only just .
Apocalypse is a clunker that encapsulates all the worst clichés of the genre , with none of the charm .
It is better , especially in its first half , than that previous trilogy finale .
While it does reach a certain level of superiority above its previous installments in terms of visual grandness and action set-pieces , X-Men : Apocalypse has failed to raise the stakes .
The worst of this trilogy , but in this case ` worst ' does n't mean ` terrible ' .
Has an identity crisis while suffering the hubris of assuming superhero movies are too big to fail .
X-Men Apocalypse is a bloated affair boasting too many characters and too little narrative momentum .
Do n't be put off by lukewarm reviews . It 's a lot closer to the giddy joy of Captain America : Civil War than the tedious , incoherent slog of Batman V Superman .
It 's the -LSB- Oscar Isaac -RSB- you love , only without his face , eyes , voice , temperament or screen presence . Oh well . Another wasted opportunity , from a decades-long series that seems to exclusively traffic in them .
X-Men : Apocalypse does a decent enough job without ever really blowing you away .
While the rest of the film is lit up by a string of spectacular set-pieces , after two and a half hours , the concluding clash of the titans feels more like an obligation than a delight .
A low point for the series and for the current superhero wave generally : not incompetent exactly , but flat and stale , its rote grandiosity belying a total lack of substance .
Of the two movies , the X-Men is superior -LSB- to Civil War -RSB- .
Lacking the fun , chemistry and emotional stakes of its predecessors , this X-Men installment is decidedly second class .
Is X-Men : Apocalypse the worst-ever film to carry the venerated X-Men brand ? Perhaps not . Is X-Men : Apocalypse the dullest of the whole lot ? Absolutely .
X-Men : Apocalypse loses itself in repetition and too many subplots , leaving all the fun , action and characters we already love aside . Coming from the excellent Days Of Future Past , this one is just ok . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Apocalypse is a step backwards to the 90 's cheesy superhero genre , where the plot is simply ridiculous and the characters look like cosplays or parodies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
X-Men : Apocalypse is not a bad movie , but it confirms that the saga needs new blood in it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Michael Fassbender and Jennifer Lawrence have rarely seemed so disinterested onscreen as they do for much of this .
Easily the most incoherent and irrelevant of Bryan Singer 's X-Men movies .
Following two excellent entries , this third prequel sets out to deliver a grandiose adventure with a cataclysmic dramatic reckoning , but mostly falls flat .
Bryan Singer has stopped being relevant in a genre he helped create . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sci-fi fun adventures full of pop culture winks that becomes by its own merits the most festive entrance of the saga . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What we have here is the best of many worlds from a trenchant character study , to a whirl-a-gig action flick , to the heroic manner in which Professor Xavier loses his pate of curly locks .
X-Men Apocalypse has a lot of stuff in it , but those elements do n't add up to much . Its loose structure , hit-and-miss action sequences and underused characters mean it struggles to hold the attention consistently .
Simply put , one of the worst comic book movies ever made .
An upsetting failure that sets the franchise back ten years .
X-Men is a franchise that can coast on the considerable appeal of its suitably extraordinary ensemble , but even these actors ca n't distract from the fact that this well has run desperately dry of ideas .
Its ham-fisted , overemotional script , completely bereft of charm or ingenuity , its unremarkable villain and second-rate special effects make X-Men : Apocalypse the least successful of the recent Marvel entries .
Comprehension overload , too many characters and lack of a single coherent vision are the film 's main problems . Nonetheless Apocalypse will thrill the fans ... not withstanding the Hugh Jackman / Wolverine factor is in short supply .
... a blockbuster with heart , soul , and brains .
Professor X and Magento should finally admit their toxic relationship is really lust and get on with it .
It 's pacy and sporadically spectacular but after the inventive First Class and the mind-bending Days of Future Past , it does feel disappointingly formulaic .
It 's faint praise , but X-Men : Apocalypse does what it does well enough . The real issue is what it does n't do .
Superhero-size violence , fab effects in '80s - set threequel .
For a franchise centered on evolution , there 's little here . It 's the same tired story , action sequences and overplayed visuals since Singer started the series in 2000 .
Let 's give credit where it 's due . The first X-Men film launched the modern era of Superhero films . Unfortunately the latest installment is a mixed bag . Takes 1 step forward and 2 steps back .
Piece by piece , Singer fits this ninth film in the franchise -LRB- which includes Deadpool -RRB- into the X-Men universe like a master puzzle maker . He does it so well , at least in terms of storytelling , that the X-Men franchise still has a vigorous future .
I think this movie is for fans of the franchise or characters only . While I could recommend Days of Future to sci-fi fans at large , I do n't think there 's much here for people who have n't seen the previous films or know the comics well .
As buildings fall and world landmarks crumble , it 's clear we 've seen all of this before , and done better . There 's nothing innovative or surprising in the way the film goes about its destruction .
Singer continues to bring things back to where he left them in `` X2 : X-Men United '' while still fiddling around with the particulars , hungry to make the mutant world colossal once again .
-LSB- A -RSB- film with much promise that it can not quite live up to ... -LSB- B -RSB- etter than Origins , better than The Last Stand , & actually almost -LRB- but not quite -RRB- on par with the first X-Men outing ...
Like Oscar Isaac in that first scene , Apocalypse loses its humanity early on , and never figures out what to replace it with .
You ca n't play a symphony with a single note . With Apocalypse , Singer never gets around to varying his single , gloomy , dreary tune .
This is turning into the season of superheroes battling other superheroes , but `` X-Men : Apocalypse '' is the first one , so far , to do it right .
As a whole X-Men : Apocalypse delivers far more than the trailers promised .
Like most X-Men films , this is a comic book movie that tells a deeply human story at its roots , making the action set pieces all the more thrilling .
What 's most disappointing is how familiar this end of the world feels . Magneto floats with his arms out . People put fingers to temples . Nothing new to see here . Nothing more to say .
It 's a gluttonous feast of special effects .
Has a way of grabbing the viewer from the start and not letting go until the end credits , its visual panache and lucid control of storytelling both in front of and behind the camera consistently impressive .
The real , actual apocalypse may be happening right now ! ` Apocalypse ' the movie ... not so much .
X-Men Apocalypse is a mind-bending trip of a movie , one likely both to exhilarate spectators and to leave many either with severe feelings of sensory overload or scratching their heads .
X-Men : Apocalypse does n't quite reach the lofty heights of the genre 's best , but is a solidly entertaining film . Evan Peters steals the show again as Quicksilver .
The end - of the movie , not the world - ca n't come soon enough .
X-Men : Apocalypse had the inevitable task of winding up the story 's revisionist vision . Although it was very messy , the results proved to be essential and satiating .
This is not rocket science -- it 's Marvel Comics . But it 's really good Marvel Comics .
Suffice it to say that if I can find this sort of thing entertaining , true fans of the genre should be handsomely rewarded .
The latest in the X-Men movie franchise is just X-meh .
Considering the amount of time spent watching Apocalypse round up his forces , you 'd think he 'd be a marginally interesting villain but that is n't the case .
The need for family , the struggle to accept oneself , the challenge of letting go of the past : These have always been the dominant themes of the X-Men franchise , but they 've rarely resonated as deeply as they do in `` X-Men : Apocalypse . ''
Bryan Singer proves that he no longer has any interesting X-Men stories to tell .
X-Men : Apocalypse is a lifeless affair , squandering its star power , underselling its characters , and muddying its action in grays and cutaways .
It repeats a lot of what has come before , but solid thrills make it more fun than old , for now .
For all its failings , including the crime of not being exhilarating , X-Men : Apocalypse remains a competent sci-fi actioner .
X-Men : Apocalypse huffs and puffs a little , appearing less mutant and more human , but it 's still damn fun .
Enough already
Comfortably feels like the biggest X-Men movie yet , and Singer , master of the ensemble , does a decent job of keeping it all just about coherent .
The more the film harks back to other X-instalments , the more you 'll wish you were watching those instead .
What makes X-Men : Apocalypse so exciting is n't really any one thing but rather its cohesion , its storytelling verve .
Disappointingly -LSB- succumbs -RSB- to an exhausting case of been-there-done-that-itis .
X-Men : Apocalypse ca n't reach the levels of maturity and sophistication of Civil War , but it has a messy charm all of its own , and maintains the quality set by the post-Last Stand films .
The turgid world-endangering plot points to yet another sequel , offering little reason to believe any of the loud action truly matters .
The idea of an apocalypse means every dial has to be turned up to 11 and this film certainly provides bangs for your buck , although there is less space for the surreal strangeness of the X-Men to breathe .
Apocalypse is n't quite the end of the world for X-Men fans , but it might be the end of the line .
Despite the undeniable presence of a huge amount of action , X-Men : Apocalypse is decidedly a case of more is less .
Apocalypse is n't quite a dog . But it is a movie with way too much of everything except the things that should matter the most -- novelty , creativity , and fun .
Taken as the next chapter in the series , Apocalypse is an undeniably fun and entertaining adventure and does a pretty good job of establishing Xavier 's next class .
I 've seen worse this year . And better .
Some of our favourite characters are wasted in the charge to reinvigorate the X-Men franchise yet again . The weakest of Singer 's recent trilogy , but not without its engaging moments .
Plays more like an overblown episode of the 1990s cartoon series than anything else , and I would n't consider that a compliment .
If nothing else , this spectacularly goofy and sporadically entertaining movie is n't afraid to reimagine human history .
Marks a shocking letdown from Singer 's earlier contributions ; what once soared now slogs .
Unlike some of the cheesier remnants of the '80s , we 'll probably want to see more of these new X-Men .
The continuity in X-Men : Apocalypse is even more of a nightmare than the continuity in X-Men comics .
Easily the worst `` team '' X-MEN movie ever made . Makes X-MEN : THE LAST STAND look like X-MEN : FIRST CLASS .
The remarkable consistency between all three -LSB- movies -RSB- means Apocalypse is still a pleasant reunion at Xavier 's school , even if it amounts to being primarily a victory lap ...
Apocalypse includes everything you 'd want in an X-Men movie , including two of the best superhero set pieces ever . But after Days Of Future Past , it feels a tad underwhelming .
Starts off strong with highly enjoyable introductions and a fun `` getting the band -LRB- back -RRB- together '' kind of feel , but then it fizzles out and turns into a mind-numbing montage of poorly choreographed combat and outrageous , widespread destruction .
Woe is to be a mutant .
No surprises here , just a seen-it-before world domination plot carried out by a petulant Pharaoh with a head like a chewed pencil .
The issue with X-Men : Apocalypse is that Bryan Singer suggests so many possible directions to go in and still chooses the least interesting one .
X-Men : Apocalypse is more of the same mutant action , which is n't necessarily a bad thing , but it simply sustains a familiar franchise .

@highlight

Overloaded action and a cliched villain take the focus away from otherwise strong performers and resonant themes , making X-Men : Apocalypse a middling chapter of the venerable superhero franchise .