We do not care about anything or anyone , we just thrill to the next special effect .
The exteriors are fantastic , the castles mega-looming , and there 's a beautiful -- if fanciful -- masqued ball which shows off to perfection the costumes contrived by Gabriella Pescucci .
If Van Helsing was meant to be a Saturday afternoon matinee fodder , it is both too ponderous to be fun and too silly to be scary .
For me , Stephen Sommers falls in the same category as Renny Harlin . He 's one of the best hacks in the business .
A chaotic blur of recycled archetypes from classic horror flicks , action sequences unbound by laws of gravity and physics , and CGI special effects that somehow manage to appear ridiculously expensive and unconvincingly obvious all at once .
The already-lousy House of Frankenstein as done up by a filmmaker whose idea of style is to make things as loud and busy as possible ... A screaming , noisy , overedited mess of a movie .
This is one vampire movie with bite .
A special effects-laden piece of trash ...
In a blood-thirsty , dead-three-centuries sort of way , it 's perfectly charming .
An overamped action movie in which the legendary monsters are interchangeable with any other brutish CGI beasts .
Like the three monsters at the center of the film , Van Helsing is a howling dog , it needs a brain , and indeed , it bites .
Writer and director Stephen Sommers is less interested in developing the characters and more interested in smashing them into things .
... even in the name of high adventure , the end result was just too silly and unbelievable to accept or enjoy .
The plotting is dull and ... the action scenes quickly grow tiresome .
Silly , preposterous , poorly directed and badly acted .
A fun ride of a movie , as long as you 're willing not to take it too seriously .
If you were raised on action-packed computer games , this movie is from Sega heaven .
Too bad -LSB- Stephen Sommers ' -RSB- complete lack of restraint turned this at-first-promising flick into a jarring and prolonged audio-visual wank fest .
allows for the digital manipulation of virtually everything on screen , turning the movie into a frenetic , attention-deficit cartoon that still manages to look kinda cheap
The horror flick , at its height , was a lyrical caressing of our fears ; by the end of this nonsense , you fear for the well-being of the genre . ` It 's dead ! '
` Si quiere verla , mejor espérese a que salga en DVD ... y aún así creo de debería pensarlo . '
Stephen Sommers delivers stale effect-movie action , outdoing even his own worst efforts .
With Sommers ' work it 's hard to know where the fan stops and the director starts .
Much like the horror films the characters represent , `` Van Helsing '' is a movie that 's more about the ambiance and setting than the quality of the achievement .
Not every summer blockbuster needs to be a classic , so Van Helsing -LSB- shout it out ! -RSB- gets a decent grade for goofy , ghoulish fun .
Writer-director Stephen Sommers ... gets so caught up in high-pitched , breakneck action that he loses sight of what makes a good vampire story .
The movie 's too imaginatively crafted to be boring , and too conceptually insane to be awful .
Universal serves up a bloated , over-priced mess crammed full of the worst CGI effects this side of the Hulk
Van Helsing is insane .
It 's empty calories : There is n't a single nourishing , non-synthetic sequence in the entire movie . Not a scene . Not a line . Not a look .
Had the Universal Monsters at its whim and gave us Wild , Wild West in a trenchcoat .
A movie that looks and feels just like a video game thanks to its relentless action , bombastic soundtrack and never-ending menagerie of monsters for our hero to fight .
The action is nonstop much like in the Mummy films and comes to an exciting finale .
A dull , overly CGI animated fight-fest . Director Stephen Sommers ' only real interest is in the animated sequences .
Sommers is just painting by numbers .
... never defines itself to the confused audience .
This moronic abomination is not a movie . It 's just a noisy , nasty and repulsive video game-slash - theme-park haunted-house ride designed to appeal to the offspring of warlocks and trolls .
Evil might have but one name to fear but intelligent , discerning moviegoers have two : `` Van Helsing . ''
Tied into a revenue-generating machine that includes DVD reissues and theme park rides , Van Helsing is almost guaranteed success even as it tests everyone 's tolerance .
atmospheric and relentlessly sketchy thus ignoring the real ingredient that stimulates a captivating creep show ... Van Helsing is definitely a ridiculous pill to swallow
Van Helsing is n't so much a horror film as is it a Universal theme park attraction . It ... fails to envelope you in that shroud of fear like any good film from the genre .
Van Helsing debuted at the same time as photos of abuse at Iraq 's Abu Ghraib prison , prompting reflection on what it means to be a monster .
... all the bloody special effects in the world ca n't bring to life a movie that 's born dead .
Every criticism you may have heard about the film is at least somewhat true -- especially Kate Beckinsale 's performance , a career-worst -- but does n't negate the fun factor .
For all the impressive production values on show , you ca n't help feeling that less would be considerably more .
Even the classics knew not to run beyond 90 minutes . Sommers goes well past two hours , which takes a bite out of the fun .
It 's `` Hellboy '' with a better pace , but a less likeable , slightly less-human character .
This is one of the dopiest movies of the year .
Expect big box-office numbers and a merchandising blitz from Van Helsing -- just do n't expect a story or any semblance of logic .
The story and characters in ` Van Helsing ' are squashed by big-budget special effects .
The only thing likely to have you gasping in terror is how extraordinarily inept it is .
Despite the problems with tone , and the awkwardness that comes from it , `` Van Helsing '' wo n't bore audiences
Great looking film with a brain-dead script .
It 's an Event Movie , in every sense ; the film has all the subtlety of a runaway train hurtling down the Matterhorn , but as entertaining junk I did find it enjoyable .
Gustará más a niños y jóvenes que a quienes aspiren al corte clásico o la épica histórica .
The text of Stoker and Shelley is treated as nothing more than toilet paper in the outhouse of Stephen Sommers ' imagination , soiled and shredded beyond all recognition .
So swaggeringly confident in its fundamental awfulness , I honestly have n't seen anything like this since Battlefield : Earth .
Sommers has opted to give Dracula an army of midget alien minions . MIDGET ALIEN MINIONS . As soon as I 'm done laughing , I 'll finish my review .
Like every other filmmaker obsessed by the possibilities of CGI , Stephen Sommers forgets the golden rule : Just because you can does n't mean you should .
The orgy of morphing , shrieking , lightning-cracking , and habitual rope-swinging quickly turns oppressive .
Writer-director Steven Sommers of the MUMMY films handles action scenes well , but is poor with directing acting or even giving us a very good story .
Van Helsing is unapologetically nothing more than a monster movie , and it 's a good one at that .
A cacophonous mess .
Sure , it 's daft , but it 's also funny and exciting and kids will likely love it .
Horror classicists may be upset at -LSB- Sommers -RSB- tampering with monster mythologies , but everyone else will just be going along for the ride , and they 'll have a terrific time .
There 's only one problem with this thunderously entertaining action romp : The budget is two times too big !
Did anyone else find Mr. Hyde 's `` plumber butt '' funny ? No , maybe Van Helsing was n't so great after all .
Watching Van Helsing is like having a crazy guy yell conspiracy theories at you for more than two hours :
Suspenseless , charmless , and humorless . A hybrid that manages to stitch together only the loosest frameworks of their imagination , creativity , or wit .
A beastly cacophony of recklessly rendered CGI , intolerable volume , and defective writing .
Fans have come to love the likes of ` I Was a Teenage Frankenstein , ' so why not have fun with a movie that could have been called ` I Was a Kick - *** Van Helsing ' ?
An exciting horror spectacle that combines Frankenstein , Dracula and Biblical lore with elements of the James Bond series .
I lost more brain cells watching this film than with the alcohol I consumed trying to forget about it .
There 's literally never a dull moment ... The naysayers will argue that it 's all calculated , and of course it is . That 's why it works .
Silly summer blockbuster fun , but not as silly nor as fun as it could have been ...
Two hours is a long time for a film to keep its tongue in cheek .
I had such high hopes going in to `` Van Helsing . ''
The film suffers from some truly inane dialogue and pacing that will likely cause tachycardia in members of the audience old enough to recall who Dwight Frye was .
A fun , action-packed , highly interesting movie .
Disposable eye candy that entertains while it plays itself out but is n't worth much once it 's over .
Sommers has turned out a capably assembled picture that delivers all the fun you could wish for in a modern monster flick .
... the damn thing does n't do much more than go blindly about it 's paces and is even boring at times .
Not comedy or drama , it 's a travesty . In response to the immortal line , ` It 's alive , ' all I can say is , No , it 's not .
A two-hour battering ram of stupidity .
In retrospect , I should have gone with the Olsen twins .
A blend of Raiders of the Lost Ark and Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein , only without the Abbott and Costello .
There 's something about seeing hundreds of millions of dollars being wasted on screen that is pleasantly overwhelming .
If `` Van Helsing , '' hyped as this year 's first big summer blockbuster is any indication of the rest of the summer crop do n't wake me until fall ... or better yet winter .
A special-effects extravaganza that uses the barest of excuses to bring these characters together .
There 's never a dull moment , but there 's also never a moment . It never stops . It 's a perpetual-motion machine .
A hokey monster mish-mash that plunders the richly textured histories of Dracula , the Wolfman and Frankenstein 's monster .
A junk-food feast for the eyes and utterly thought-cleansing fast for the intellect .
This movie is just too silly for words .
A big , loud , boring wreck .
If you grew up on goth comics , Saturday cartoons and the endless zap violence of video games , you might hanker for this . But anyone who craves story , not just empowered pastiche , has got to tire quickly .
This is what happens when you spend pots of money on special effects but do n't give a fig about storytelling .
Feels more like a glorified trailer -- all rampaging high points edited into a frenzy -- than like an actual movie .
If action and special effects make your day -- along with a ruggedly mysterious leading man -- Van Helsing may get you to bay at the moon , alongside the Wolf Man .
One long action sequence that leaves you spent , rather than exhilarated .
Van Helsing is more like Sommers ' less amusing Mummy sequel -- longer , flabbier , and overloaded with bloated CGI interludes .
A turbo-charged retelling of the Dracula , Frankenstein and Wolf Man sagas , this extravagant creature-feature crams everything in but Abbott and Costello .
If an eardrum-damaging score and people getting routinely slammed into stone walls at a 100 miles an hour without so much as chipping a tooth is your idea of a good time , then Van Helsing wo n't disappoint .
The experience of watching the film is best described as deadening .
Van Helsing is more amusing and exciting than frightening .
Old monster movies were thrilling in a way that mingled terror , sexuality and a real preference for the monsters over their tormentors . Van Helsing is a kiddie adventure on an endless , meaningless loop .
This cacophonous , baroque and nearly incoherent tale is about film technology , not mythology .
The rare kind of movie where the badness just adds to the fun .
Yes , all of Sommers ' vulgarian wrongheadedness is evident in Van Helsing , but this movie also possesses a film buff 's respect for its frightening forebears .
A two-hour bludgeoning that smacks more of grave-robbing than resurrection .
The special effects are mind boggling , but they do n't deliver anywhere near the thrills they should because Sommers ' plot is too convoluted and the characters are as uninteresting as they are one-dimensional .
Van Helsing is a spine-tingling , eye-popping extravaganza for kids . Too bad the movie is also brain dead , like Frankenstein 's mutant creation before the lightning strikes .
We 've seen worse movies -- I 'm sure of it -- but this opening salvo of the summer season is so extravagantly , off-the-wall bad it pushes the others from memory .
The idea is every bit as dumb as the execution .
No one 's going to argue that Van Helsing is a great movie , but it 's just the sort of loud , splashy , silly , summer fun flick we 've come to expect .
Loud , clunky attempt at updating the classic Universal Pictures baddies of the '30s and '40s .
Possibly the biggest , loudest , dumbest summer-movie opener in quite some time .
A vampire movie that 's dressed to kill , but unable to draw blood .
Enjoying the overblown but well-intentioned Van Helsing requires the campy mind-set of that TV show , not the spooky gravity of classic monster flicks .
Aimed at people with the attention span of a kindergartner .
A relatively enjoyable jaunt .
Silly and spectacular , and fun .
Van Helsing is one excruciatingly loud set piece of CGI hooey after another , and when a character or a plot twist does manage to make you laugh , you 're not sure whether it 's camp or ineptitude .
disjointed action thrillride that resembles what you 'd get if you inserted crack cocaine into your PlayStation 2
The umpteenth version of big budget , CGI nonsense -LRB- when will it stop ? -RRB- .
After months of filming , weeks of heavy promotion and 131 minutes of actual movie , ` Van Helsing ' remains a good idea .
This all-star gathering of scream legends ... proves definitively that just because you 're undead does n't mean you 're alive .
The CGI fans are going to scrutinize the F/X but the average bear is just going to enjoy the show .
-LSB- A -RSB- disaster of gothic proportions ...
Van Helsing is an entertaining fiend-fest with excellent actors and some new twists on old stories .
Drive a stake through the heart of this stinker , quick , and then feed the remains to a pack of werewolves .
For all the computer-generated monsters and whiplash-inducing camera moves , there 's nary a hint of the brooding atmospherics of Tod Browning or the sly humor of James Whale .
Whoever owns the film rights to The Invisible Man , lock your doors . Stephen Sommers is coming for you next .
It may take cattle prods ... to keep most people from walking out of this explosively awful monster mash .
You 'll find yourself laughing at the horribly cheesy dialogue . But whatever , this popcorn flick is still tasty enough .
It 's like celebrating James Joyce with a monster-truck rally .
Bring your earplugs because this ungodly mess is as painfully loud as it is mind-numbingly stupid .
The $ 150 million film is so visually overbearing that it makes one long for the days of matte paintings and rubber masks .
It may be non-stop action , but it 's boring action - where was the `` Left Hand of God '' when they really needed evil to be wiped out -LRB- obviously not in the editing room -RRB- .
For the love of all that 's unholy , drive a wooden stake , shoot a silver bullet , do whatever it takes to put Van Helsing out of its misery .
Van Helsing desecrates the memory of our greatest movie monsters
Who goes to a movie like this expecting story , or good acting ? Van Helsing is an over the top thrill ride . It 's good , or in this case , `` bad '' campy fun .
Bloodsucking nonsense .
It 's fast-paced , flashy and fiendish but - bottom line - Hugh Jackman deserves better , even if this becomes another franchise .
An anachronistic and anarchic orgy of special effects
Por favor , evitem que este filme alcance uma boa bilheteria e viabilize um Van Helsing 2 . Esta é uma ameaça muito mais assustadora do que dez Dráculas e cem Lobisomens juntos .
Churned hot off the assembly line , it 's an ugly and disposable piece of ultra-expensive formula product that exists solely to kick-start a new revenue stream .
` The poor old werewolves are forever twanging in and out of wolfen shape at the whim of a capricious moon-cloud . '
Far too much of the film feels like drudgery .
This is a massively silly film , silliness on a grand scale , so silly and over-the-top yet simultaneously so emotionally flat and even dull .
Big , dumb action flick makes the undead , unearthly and unholy look unimpressive , unintelligent and unexciting .
Jackman and Beckinsale ... play their characters as if they 're not in on the joke , and therein lies Van Helsing 's biggest problem . Much of the movie is a joke .
A gargantuan mess of a film , which substitutes special effects for story and has not a single redeeming moment in its two hour plus running time .
More closely resembles the disappointing , overwrought monster rallies of the 1940 's than the subtle , chilling classics of the early '30s .
I 'm required by law to like any movie with a character named ` Marishka ' and where other characters yell that name in impassioned tones during action scenes .
Like those earlier films , it too is lazy . But it 's also pretentious , pathetic , hysterical , illogical and just plain stupid .
a monster mishmash ... Pretty in a video game-ish sort of way and mind-numbing in a sledgehammer sort of way , it 's this year 's equivalent of ` Hulk ' ...
Vampires are n't the only things that suck in this movie ...
The whole enterprise is boringly repetitious of itself and other movies .
Has little that lasts in the mind for more than five seconds .
Audiences will delight in `` Van Helsing 's '' hell raising fun
Looks like a movie assembled by a room full of computer geeks munching Doritos and playing Wolfenstein in between stints of designing Dracula 's fangs .
The film is weighted down by its sheer willingness to bludgeon viewers with never-ending sensation instead of trying to give them an interesting story or characters ...
The dashing Jackman plays his part well enough , but the script does n't provide sufficient Indiana Jones-style bons mots to win us over .
Little more than a series of not-always-good special effects strung together .
A shrieking bore .
A noisy , 19th-century fantasy adventure that goes nowhere .
Despite the rococo obsessiveness of its special effects and its voracious sampling of past horror movies , Van Helsing is mostly content to offer warmed-over allusions and secondhand thrills .
More and more summer movies depend on relentless action sequences at the expense of coherent narrative , but Van Helsing might be the first whose overkill reaches nuclear capacity .
It 's all cliffhangers , with no downtime in between .
The film is an unending cavalcade of razzle-dazzle that becomes continuously less dazzling .
This is n't a horror movie , it 's a sensory assault , full of flaming fireballs and shrieking banshees that make your eyes and ears feel as jeopardized as a vampire at sunrise .
Sacrifices storyline and credible character development for its single mission : keep it moving and shuck everything else .
The first real popcorn pleasure of the year , a deliciously entertaining thrill ride that pleasurably tweaks new thrills from old stories .
Jam-packed with cool evil mythology and superb special effects , film could 've benefited from several cuts -- first at the script stage and then during the editing process .
To paraphrase the Austrian Emperor in ` Amadeus , ' ` Too many characters . ''
Plotless , pointless , horror-fest .
The other wrench tossed into the monster definitions mix is Frankenstein , into whose hideout Van Helsing and Anna accidentally and literally tumble .
The gates of the official summer blockbuster season are being whacked open ! Read on - >
An excellent example of filmmakers throwing bundles of money at a proverbial wall and seeing what sticks .
Monstrously bad ... Sommers not only plunders the classic films for material but trashes what he 's cribbed from them .
Stephen Sommers ' follow-up to his popular Mummy remakes is all climax and no foreplay , all computer effects but zero sense of dread .
Van Helsing is the worst would-be summer blockbuster since Battlefield Earth .
A mess , but not a fun mess .
A long , kinetic , yet dreary mess .
Van Helsing suffers from one major problem , and several smaller ones , but is still worth seeing .
A movie that 's underwritten , overdirected , overproduced and almost constantly over-the-top . But it 's also , at its best , a big tongue-in-cheek extravaganza .
Stuffed with enough over-the-top computer effects to choke George Lucas .
If you 're gon na complain about the film 's ` realism ' ... stay home and rent The Remains of the Day and leave the rest of us to have a blast with Van Helsing !
stop asking questions or you 'll miss yet another CGI Van Helsing figure being thrown through yet another CGI wall .
Pure eye candy , and nothing else .
Director Sommers sucks commercial adrenalin out of so many monster creatures from decades past , you 'd think he 's trying to make his film creation live forever .
This beast is as subtle as a Red Bull enema , but it succeeds magnificently as compulsively watchable spectacle .
Dark , sensual , and visually thrilling . A stunning update .
Rome burns when stuff like this makes it into the collective unconscious .
wanders precipitously between sardonic weltschmerz and a hammy , scene-chewing melodrama that effectively drives a stake into the heart of the audience 's patience
The epitome of everything that 's wrong with $ 150 million B-movies .
Next time I attend a Stephen Sommers ' film , I 'll bring along a game pad . At least then I can pretend to be controlling the non-stop , noisy and characterless action .
The Ugly , The Bad , and The Good ... totally in that order .
Kate Beckinsale is the Donatella Versace of Horror . `` Nothing is faster than Transylvanian horses , '' says Kate , `` except for Transylvanian Hooter girls . ''
It looks absolutely amazing , but by the film 's middle , we realize it 's pretty hollow .
The concoction seems far more contrived than plausible , but the sense of evil overkill is entirely representative of the picture itself , which repeatedly looks ready to blow all its fuses due to sensory overload .
This creature feature is exhilarating fun , a richly designed and often quite funny re-exploration of the movie past .
Perhaps the loudest summer film of all time , Van Helsing 's apt to provide more migraines than nightmares .

















@highlight

A hollow creature feature that suffers from CGI overload .