Malick 's feature is peak Malick in all its Malick-y glory . To be just as inscrutable with my criticism as he is with filmmaking , make of that statement what you will .
The mumbled narration -- almost like a film-poem , if you like -- just goes on and on and on , as Rick addresses the really-not-very-big questions ... and we just sit there thinking , `` I do n't really care , just get on with it . '' But he never does .
Cups will be outright alienating for most people .
On a single , devotedly attentive viewing , I could n't grok the logic of these headings beyond the lamely prosaic .
To call it incomprehensible may be beside the point : I 'm not sure that it is meant to be understood as much as viewed and felt . But then , it did n't make me feel anything .
It 's not that -LSB- Terramce -RSB- Malick 's themes of emptiness and disconnect are too obscure . He just does n't make them interesting .
The title is odd , but the film is odder . The film works so long as you 're willing to allow that not all stories need a beginning , middle , and end , preferably in that order .
Someone , please stop him before he films again . Leave us our precious memories of what he was , not what he 's become .
There 's something insecure and almost frightened in the emulsion of the film ; it seems to be making itself , finding its way in a dark room .
I just need a break from Malick .
A confusing , far-reaching and plotless personal Malick film .
Using a mix of slow motion , montage , cameos , split screen and more , Malick examines modern day superficiality and the quest for meaning in a flawed yet well-crafted film .
Knight of Cups is a film that feels it has something important to say - much like a twenty-year-old college student who has tried weed for the first time - but in reality , just like said college student , it is speaking nothing but gibberish .
Perhaps only Christopher Guest can pull off an entirely improvised movie . And perhaps Malick should return to scripts , full-volume voiceovers , and more linear storytelling if he does n't want to Woody Allen himself and push away fans for good .
This is Malick turning graceful , ever-decreasing circles , though there 's a thrill to seeing him traverse hotel rooms and studio lots , nightclubs and strip clubs , after a career wrapped up in the period and pastoral .
-LSB- Malick -RSB- confuses grim misery with depth in his work .
Malick 's most experimental film to date , it 's also his least emotionally involving : If The Tree of Life aimed for the heart , this one 's too busy gazing at its navel .
Would be far better off if it simply jettisoned the trappings of narrative film altogether .
A new direction is needed or Malick 's aura will surely evaporate .
A superlative triumph that transcends any rational critical analysis I could ever have hoped to throw its way .
Both an accomplishment in introspective , transcendent filmmaking , and a puzzle as imbalanced as the knight at its center .
As Rick muses mournfully to himself , `` Where did I go wrong ? '' it 's hard for the viewer not to ask the same question of Malick .
Simply put : It 's the most Malicky of Malick 's recent films , relying on all his tricks and his tradecraft to convey a feeling rather than a story .
Malick has a history of confounding moviegoers . But his latest piece of foggy strangeness plays like a two-hour trailer for a more linear 100-hour movie .
More of the same from Malick , but as thin as it is , this is a trick that still has n't run its course .
For some , this impressionistic drama about a philandering Hollywood screenwriter looking for love and searching for a sense of self amid the fleshpots of Los Angeles and Las Vegas is a masterpiece . For others , it 's simply self-indulgent twaddle .
It is full of Malick 's trademark flourishes and it dazzles in places . But two hours of `` Malick does midlife crisis '' is hard work .
Knight Of Cups is certainly not a love story that we 're familiar with ; you relish it slowly , with patience , the only way to appreciate one of the most unique American filmmakers of today .
A glum , meandering tale that feels like a long day 's journey into Knight .
Knight of Cups is not without moments of poetry however : an underwater shot of dogs in a swimming pool , chasing elusive tennis balls , is as effective a metaphor for Hollywood as the rest of the picture put together .
This mess of tracking shots of deserts , roads and rotating love interests stubbornly refuses to coalesce into anything resembling a narrative film .
Certainly there are elements to be enjoyed here , but you suspect it does not amount to a hill of beans .
If there were a way to switch off the dialogue , leaving the images , music and layered soundscape , Knight of Cups would be wondrous . As it is , it 's a bit of an endurance test .
Whatever Muse drives Malick , whose best work feels both found - in the sense of discovered in the shoot and edit - and profound , he could be accused of cheating on her in Knight of Cups , leapfrogging between unsatisfactory short-term conquests .
Knight Of Cups certainly pushes the abstract qualities of Malick 's recent films to their extreme . But find the film 's pulse and it is possible to be seduced by its gorgeous , meandering beauty .
Knight of Cups becomes the very thing it claims to satirise , a gilded chalice that reveals itself to be an entirely empty vessel .
A visual symphony for the melancholy of modern life , -LSB- Malick 's -RSB- latest poetically externalises the internal trauma of a secular society left rudderless .
More often than not Malick 's pursuit of beauty feels like self-parody , culminating in a frustrating experience where meaning is as elusive as plot .
It 's Terrence frickin ' Malick ... Stand up and pay attention .
For a director who 's tackled big themes so often , Malick finds little worthy of his gifts in the field of male solipsism .
The Great Man pity party , essentially a failed experiment in subjectivity , is the auteur 's least transporting film to date .
Finding the profound meaning in L.A 's dream highway or Malick 's Californication ?
It 's by turns maddening and beautiful , passive and provocative .
This is an imperfect film , but even its imperfections are worth watching .
Like every Malick film , Knight of Cups is hugely divisive and easy enough to ridicule should one be so inclined , but if you accept it on its own terms , if you get on its wavelength , it is exquisite , mysterious and resonant , worldly and wise .
Few filmmakers have created such personal , expressive art , and few other films invite the viewer to be as active a participant in the quest for meaning .
Movies rarely require us to ponder or process much after we leave the theater . But in our impatient culture of instant-everything , Malick says slow down .
It 's an ad for Captain Morgan , on acid ...
There 's nothing quite like a Malick movie . But once viewers have contemplated the mysteries of the universe itself , perhaps anything else will feel like a step down .
Despite their eagerness to work with him , Malick has an uncanny ability to expose the limits of even the best performers .
Writing about Malick now inspires flights of poesy .
It 's up to the audience to assign meaning to -LSB- Malick 's -RSB- cinematic musings - which , as with his 2012 drama To the Wonder , are rambling to the point of incoherence . The visuals , particularly the many trips to the ocean , are breathtaking , though .
Terrence Malick finally crawls all the way up his own ass with the unwatchable and laughably pretentious Knight of Cups ...
Terrence Malick is pushing it .
We desperately need a reminder that the film industry still comprises human beings with recognizable histories - and souls .
Full of beautiful images and good acting performances , but its experimental and abstract structure gets very tiresome , very quickly -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Muddled , aimless , indecipherable , and shallow , Terence Malick 's Knight of Cups is one of the most insufferable slogs in recent cinema .
Malick is undoubtedly one of America 's most talented directors . His admirers will find much to like here . His detractors wo n't . You probably know who you are .
What ultimately elevates `` Knight of Cups '' above the similarly slight and indulgent `` To the Wonder '' are the performances .
The overall tone is serious , even sombre , with koan-like lines and images that will linger long after the screen fades to black ;
Definitely not a film for everyone and it 's not meant to be . But for those of us who worship in Malick 's cinematic temple , it rewards our faith .
This is all simply Malick being Malick - you 're either on his wavelength or you 're not .
Virtually every scene is delivered through a gauzy cinematic curtain that obscures rather than elucidates , and we never come close to penetrating the angst-filled veneer of the protagonist .
There 's no denying the poetry at work in his film , but so much of it is inchoate and fundamentally sexualized that it becomes more of a turn-off than a turn-on . Malick 's Cups is ultimately half-full .
Malick captures fleeting moments and ethereal visions and lets them swirl alongside the remnants of a shredded script like confetti in a vacuum .
For all its thrumming profundity ... has just as much sleepwalking self-parody : all of the actors ' pacing and arm-flapping and gazing off into the distance suggests , as much as an art film , the world 's longest prescription drug commercial .
Knight of Cups is about the world-weary traveler , but may prove too mentally exhausting for them to enjoy . Where many may see this film as a cup that 's half empty , I am more than happy to realize it is really half full .
A typically fragmented film from Terrence Malick , about a screenwriter -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- in a spiritual crisis .
Malick has moved from self-discovery to self-affirmation ; he knows exactly what he 's looking for , and Knight of Cups , for all its splendor , made me wish that he could take a swig and forget .
... inflates one man 's privileged angst to mythical status .
All the tendencies we 've been worrying about in Malick 's career have come terribly true .
Another Malick trip down the rabbit hole . Not unpleasant , just hollow and superficial .
Beautiful and dreamlike but sometimes feels like a parody of Malick 's other , better work .
Knight of Cups features Malick at his most worldly in a while , which is n't a problem , yet it also shows the filmmaker at his most materialistic , which is one .
How many times do we need to see Terrence Malick tell the same pointless wisp of a story before someone starts to wonder if he has any other stories to tell at all ?
Taken as a straightforward movie , `` Knight of Cups '' is an indecipherable mess . Taken as a piece of nonlinear visual poetry , `` Knight of Cups '' is still an indecipherable mess .
Sitting in the theater , watching Knight of Cups , you hear an incredible amount of thought-balloon babble , but you do n't hear anything approaching the sublime .
Do not be hoodwinked into believing this is meaningful , abstract thought . It is a load of crap .
If anyone could bottle `` Knight of Cups '' into pill form for insomniacs , they would make a fortune .
The inwardness also has the happy effect of making the film 's physical settings - obscene palazzos , gray temples of commerce , Vegas casinos , desert wastes , neon clubs , and various and sundry bodies of water - serve as interior landscapes .
Terrence Malick at his worst-tossing a bunch of stars into an ill-defined story .
A ponderous affair , never taking 30 seconds to make a point when four minutes is available .
The effect is like looking at a portrait of passion instead of a portrait of people feeling passionate . The humanity feels one step removed .
Often beautiful to look at but is yet another piece of pretentious vacuity from a one of today 's most overpraised directors ... brings more exhaustion than enlightenment .
-LSB- Malick -RSB- seems to be working ever closer to some kind of ur-movie in his head - the film he has always wanted to see and maybe even be . But he 's also in danger of working his way down to an audience of one .
Only a crazy person would go to a Malick movie for the story .
`` Knight of Cups '' may want to be understood as the portrait of a man plunging beneath the veneer of modern life , but it can just as easily be perceived as the self-portrait of a filmmaker in his own Versailles , letting himself eat cake and having it , too .
Light on story line , `` Knight of Cups '' offers images closer to the visual tableaux of coffee table photography books than typical drama .
Knight of Cups is Malick at his most Malick-y , and it 's OK if that 's not your thing .
Being a true Malick film , Knight of Cups has little narrative momentum . It is mostly a series of beautiful images and beautiful people speaking with their voices drowned out by internal monologues and poetry .
An angst experience , delivering a simulacrum of a man 's search for meaning as he soaks up the delights of the plush purgatory Malick makes L.A. out to be : an endless corridor of cocktails , palm trees , and lithe ladies .
This is the kind of film that makes moviegoers long for good , old-fashioned storytelling .
It 's art-house fare , yes . Is it more than that ? Is it even that ?
You keep waiting for the film to come together , for Rick to emerge as a character rather than a cipher , for the women to seem less interchangeable - in short , for a point to it all . By its end , I was still waiting .
The way Malick romanticizes that which is n't human while broadly , pointlessly criticizing aspects of suggested human weakness completely separates from the emotional spectrum he should engage .
Has too much on its mind to be a total wash , but Terrence Malick has proven himself in decades ' past to be such a special , one-of-a-kind auteur it is painful to see him stuck in a creative rut as he becomes a caricature of his brilliant former self .
Malick releases his movies into the world like a falconer : Once let loose , they have minds of their own .
If there 's a better film this year , get ready for a very good year .
It 's an instant classic in several genres -- the confessional , the inside-Hollywood story , the Dantesque midlife-crisis drama , the religious quest , the romantic struggle , the sexual reverie , the family melodrama .
Houses of memory , successive sensations in recollection . Gorgeous and singular , Knight of Cups is a vision . A terrifying one , sometimes rapturous , but tactile with fierce , lingering melancholy , an emulation of the cruel patterning of the brooding mind .
Knight of Cups suggests -LSB- Malick 's -RSB- films are no different than any other director 's in one important way -- casting makes a difference .
Malick 's impressionistic , consciousness-melding-into-the-cosmos style serves his subject ... but his repetitive themes of bad fathers , faithless men , parental responsibility and Christianity are beginning to feel like therapy sessions gone on too long .
An intriguing meander through one man 's existential crisis .
Terrence Malick 's latest gauzy whisper of a drama has Christian Bale as a po-faced screenwriter grappling with an existential crisis while romancing most of Southern California .
Malick can not stop shuffling the deck . He flips through memories , arcana , sudden visions , and spasms of music in the hope of revelation .
-LSB- Knight of Cups ' -RSB- inherently episodic plot is at odds with -LSB- Malick 's -RSB- traditionally long , meandering visuals , which do an admirable job conveying mood , tone , and his stark version of LA .
... muddled and pretentious , and does n't contain much meaningful substance amid the intriguing visual flourishes .
As beautifully -LRB- though in my case nauseatingly -RRB- photographed as ever , putting a rich , moving -LRB- literally moving -RRB- sheen on a hollow story .
I used to think it was a good thing that Malick made movies like no one else 's . Maybe he should try being a bit more derivative next time .
I wondered at times whether Malick and Lubezki are as seduced by the glitz and flesh of Los Angeles in very much the same way the film accuses Bale 's character of falling for superficial distractions .
The city Malick gives us is at once familiar and strange , beautiful and empty , a place where the real and the surreal were born to coexist . It 's an otherworldly theater for an otherworldly tale .
From moment to moment the technique can be rapturous , and taken out of context any given few minutes of Knight Of Cups are thrilling to watch . It 's just when you have a hundred and eighteen of those minutes in a row that it becomes numbing .
This is a film that feels purposefully obtuse and which will have many stopping to ponder whether the man behind it can offer a definitive meaning of what occurs -LRB- or does n't -RRB- .
His own sense of discomfort and unease at his lack of direction rises off the screen and seems to cloud the room with a miserable funk . Malick 's feelings about the excesses of womanizing and Hollywood seem clear . Are they profound ? Only fleetingly so .
Terrence Malick 's Knight of Cups is an adventure in perception , a city symphony , and an excruciatingly lavish crucible .
Malick , with the help of cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki , finds many , many images of great beauty among the concrete and steel of Los Angeles , and , at times , Knight of Cups is an immersive , poetic experience .
Archetypes have a way of turning into abstractions or , worse , clichés , and Malick repeats himself so much the movie comes to feel like self-parody .
KNIGHT OF CUPS is equal parts artificial , genuine , gorgeous , infuriating and captivating .
An elegant , frustrating , sometimes deeply graceful trip through Los Angeles .
Malick has made what is essentially the same movie three times in a row : Tree of Life , To the Wonder , and now Knight of Cups . It 's time to ask if he knows what he 's doing .
The mood is n't particularly new , and Malick 's deliberately elliptical style does n't feel quite as fresh as it did a few years ago , before younger , less talented filmmakers began imitating him . Yet there 's still something hypnotic here ...
Surely director Malick knows what this movie is all about . If only he would let us in on it .
This turns out to be a film that teaches you how to watch it .
`` Knight of Cups '' settles into a lukewarm bath of male self-pity , a condition perhaps more deserving of satire than sanctification .
It 's symptomatic of the tone of `` Knight of Cups '' that even Blanchett , ordinarily the most sure-footed of performers , has trouble finding a convincing reality to play here .
Malick risks wandering into self-parody , and the only thing that holds him back is that the themes in Knight of Cups at least feel worth exploring .
Meditative , melancholy , and terrifically moving .
Even this , the least of Malick 's seven films , is one that rewards being giving into .
With the corpse of a nightmare called Knight of Cups , I have finally given up on Terrence Malick . This dog of a film is as riveting and fascinating as a walk-in bathtub .
Deeply felt , wholly admirable , unmoving .
I came close to loving it , as I found its swirl of imagery and oneiric narrative flow quite intoxicating , if not always completely comprehensible ... . And the best thing I can say is that I ca n't wait to experience it again .
With the transporting , repetitive Knight Of Cups , Terrence Malick either matures into the purest version of himself or finally lapses into self-parody . Maybe he does both at once .
There 's a line between artful and arty , and Malick has crossed it .
It wants us to enter some sort of dreamscape ... but it 's a little like listening to someone talking in their sleep .
There are only so many swaying close-ups , droning thoughts , self-aware performances , and frustrating fragments of drama one can take before complete disinterest sets in .
The questions Malick seems to be pursuing are those that go back to the beginning of time , only highly aestheticized
Titled after , and loosely structured around , cards in a Tarot deck , `` Knight of Cups '' instead recaptures a less exalted card-based activity : 52 Pickup .
There is much to see -- and to feel -- in Knight of Cups , a film about reaching beyond the superficial in order to redeem enlightened perspectives .
By pushing his experimental inclinations further than ever before , -LSB- Malick has -RSB- ended up with something that 's strangely bereft of poetry or emotional resonance .
Knight of Cups may not be as involving as -LSB- Terrence Malick 's -RSB- other works , but it is far more satisfying than most Hollywood fare .
A formula has crept into Malick 's recent work , one that worked beautifully in Tree of Life and less so ever since .
Some will see Malick 's latest as a cup half full , while others , undoubtedly , will perceive the cup to be half empty . As with many of the director 's experiences , there is no middle ground .
At every turn , the film shakes off each attempt a viewer makes to cling to it .
By the time you 've seen the fifth beautiful , lithe woman in flowing fabrics spinning around Bale , Knight of Cups starts to read more as a fleeting fetish epic than a powerful meditation .
Terrence Malick 's recent films are paintings that move , their swirl of ethereal images stirring visceral responses with an unexpected force that 's unlike anybody else working today . But even visionaries get into ruts .
Many will run screaming from Knight of Cups , even as some of us are enraptured . At times , Malick almost seems to welcome this polarized response .
It has the uncanny quality of an out-of-body experience , not a torn-from-the-heart confessional .
-LSB- The -RSB- stream of consciousness is persistently transporting , going a long way to compensate for the script 's vapidity .
As with his previous film , To the Wonder , Malick employs a contemporary setting to explore uniquely American questions concerning the nexus between public duties and private desires .
I left this remarkable film energised by the thought that we are not one thing but many things .
-LSB- Malick -RSB- remains some kind of master , and his admirers will want to see Knight of Cups to judge for themselves .
Since crafting a potently polarising masterpiece with 2011 's The Tree Of Life , Malick has become a man on a mission . A mission to stuff a movie so full of coded self-indulgence it seems like a perverse joke that has misplaced its own punchline .
While you can admire the filmmaker for his unconventional means of expressing himself , without any sense of linearity , or character development , it becomes impossible to invest in this picture .
It 's a giant montage ; a rhapsody and an elegy , cinema as prayer .
The result is ludicrous self-parody - somewhere between a Calvin Klein aftershave advertisement and a coffee-table book about the modernist mansions of the rich and famous .
With vacant eyes and mouth agape , man continues his seemingly irrevocable fall from innocence , in Terrence Malick 's eternally juvenile seventh feature Knight of Cups .
Like Tree of Life , it 's best to let the film wash over you and enjoy Lubezki 's gorgeous images such as mist rolling over a hillside and various inventive underwater perspectives .
There 's a freshness to watching Malick 's dreamlike storytelling take root in a fully modern setting for the first time .
The sheer weight of evocative , ethereal images is not matched by complexity , depth or character development .
For every pinch of poetry , there are kilos of joyless , uninspired prose .
It is an elegant and strikingly shot film that revels in a series of wonderfully shot locations ... and will likely enrapture fans of Malick 's very individual style .
There 's something at once vividly familiar and strikingly different about `` Knight of Cups , '' a feverish plunge into the toxic cloud of decadence swirling around a Los Angeles screenwriter gone to seed .
... neither here nor there , neither great nor terrible , just an eternal dance of recollections in which nothing is answered , nothing concludes and no one grows anything but older ...

@highlight

Knight of Cups finds Terrence Malick delving deeper into the painterly visual milieu he 's explored in recent efforts , but even hardcore fans may struggle with the diminishing narrative returns .