A satisfactory enough cop movie , but not one that people will still be name checking years hence
Given that Brazil , as a Latin American moviemaking powerhouse , steadily produces vibrant , vital films of real impact and humanity , it 's a crime itself that Elite Squad may be the only Brazilian film that American audiences see this year .
A depressing film that celebrates brute strength as the only means to stem the tide of violence and crime in Rio de Janeiro .
For nearly two hours , Padilha bombards viewers with senseless , sickening violence for its own sake .
With no star names and a tough subject , it will be hard sell despite being a runaway hit on its home turf .
Elite Squad is a relentlessly ugly , unpleasant , often incoherent assault on the senses from Brazil .
A poor man 's City of God that suggests the only answer to the problems of Brazil 's slums are blazing guns wielded by a neo-fascist police force .
Trying to address important and serious social issues in this violent world rather than just creating something sensationalistic or exploitative gives Elite Squad an edge over normal police thrillers .
Elite Squad ca n't decide whether it wants to pull the lid back on what urban decay has wrought or simply open up a can of whup ass .
Elite Squad succeeds at putting the worst of the violent spectacles on screen , primarily through a series of nicely staged shootouts and torture sequences .
-LSB- José Padilha -RSB- recariously pitches the squad 's brute force as less a necessary evil than the outgrowth of an existing evil -- a no-win situation that mocks liberal ideals and warps conservative pragmatism into domestic terrorism .
It bears a resemblance to viscerally exciting seventies urban thrillers like The French Connection , in which only the fascists could do what needed to be done .
The film 's message is that all of society is corrupt , so it does n't matter who gets killed . It 's a propaganda movie that shows no empathy for its characters or for its audience .
Padilha succumbs to monotonous , hollow flamboyance with his City of God clone .
The moral dilemmas are gripping , but the film takes itself far too seriously to ever connect with us .
A film that simply does n't have enough cinematic flair to make it a better than average cops and robbers thriller .
Padilha gets as close to the daily violence as City of God , though this feels more like a documentary than an epic .
Padilha 's style , honed in his hijack documentary Bus 174 , is verismo with a vengeance . For two hours the viewer feels as hand-held as the camera , hauled about by the neck .
As for the plot , flashy editing and an over-reliance on jittery handheld cameras mean you 'll struggle to tell what 's going on - if you have n't already given up by then .
Nothing is clear-cut in this intense brew of brutality , stupidity and genuine tragedy . We 're left lamenting that it will go on , unless Brazil engages its brain before its fist .
It 's a bit like a Latin American episode of The Bill written by Richard Littlejohn and directed by Chuck Norris .
It 's just a pity the story is so slipshod - it only really gets going halfway through .
Here is the biggest , fattest , dampest squib of the week : perhaps the most disappointing film ever to have won the Golden Bear at the Berlin film festival .
Nascimento 's penchant for Rambo theatrics is unfortunate , because elsewhere Elite Squad has interesting things to say .
An action-drama that 's fascinating for its insights into Rio 's social structures . But while it 's compellingly intense , it 's also morally muddled .
It is impressively made , but leaves a nasty taste in the mouth .
Despite the voiceover , Padilha has created a shocking insight into a world in which corrupt cops slug it out against drug dealers but , ultimately , nobody wins .
You 'll swear you smell gunpowder during the earthshaking gunfights of `` Elite Squad . '' Forget John Woo 's Hong Kong , or Sergio Leone 's West . With bullet-slinging gusto , director Jose Padilha -LRB- `` Bus 174 '' -RRB- proudly pronounces Rio de Janeiro the bloodiest onscree
... for all the glorification of the mercenary methods of this elite squad , it 's still a fascinating portrait of a nightmarish police and crime culture and a vivid narrative .
Subtle shades of friendship are lost in a melee of violence , which quickly crescendos and then maintains a one-note intensity for the duration of the film , punctuated only by an ill-advised narratorial voice that serves to keep the viewer at arm 's length .
A tough and realistic cop story that stays believable from beginning to end while delivering the truth about loyalty , courage and gut-wringing fear on an inner city military mission with no second chances .
A very compelling movie that 's almost ruined by a horrible narration track .
An instruction manual of sorts that does n't illuminate police corruption and violence so much as it revels in it .
Pois é infinitamente mais recompensador assistir a um filme que estimula a discussão e a auto-análise do que um que , por covardia ou falta de ambição , limita-se a seguir a corrente do politicamente correto .

@highlight

Brutal , action heavy , Brazilian cop film with a pointless voiceover . Lacks flair , overdoes the violence and is never quite sure where its morals lie .