At times , Spectre becomes so comically convoluted , you half expect sharks with lasers on their heads to come swimming out of the underground river .
Spectre is not boring to watch . The evolving character of James Bond is interesting , and the series always offers us the pleasure of getting swept up in his global adventures . In this sense , the latest installment does what it is supposed to do .
Some have said that the official theme song by Sam Smith is a grower . Well , I found Spectre highly disappointing and mediocre , but who knows , maybe it too is a grower .
A few moans aside , Spectre 's action still shakes and stirs , leaving you loving its oak and leather , champagne - and dynamite .
In their ambitious efforts to tie all four of Craig 's Bond films together , screenplay writers John Logan , Neal Purvis and Robert Wade seem to have tied themselves up in over-elaborate knots .
The action is atrocious , and after the brass-balled sequences of Rogue Nation , Spectre feels especially flat .
On its own merits , Spectre is a distinct step back from Skyfall . Too much of it feels repetitive .
Spectre is an elaborate justification for the relevance of the gun-toting , martini-drinking spy in a post-Snowden world .
Spectre revels in its gadgetry and action and steadfastly defends its right to be old-school , even to the point of ridiculousness .
Give us traditional wink-wink Bond or give us the new seriousness . This hybrid version feels neither shaken nor stirred .
Spending a couple of hours with impeccably dressed -LRB- even for the Bond franchise -RRB- , amazingly talented , and utterly gorgeous stars doing stagy acting is a fine way to pass an evening .
For all the great work of everyone involved , they can only do so much to lift up some painfully average base material .
Each 007 actor 's fourth entry has been a bloated , sometimes wrongheaded collection of ` greatest hits ' Bond moments , and it is with great regret we must report the phenomenon is alive and unwell in Spectre .
While connecting all the Craig Bond films together in this -LRB- possibly final -RRB- entry may seem like a good idea , the result is way too confusing , and in some ways , just plain silly .
Spectre is a decent Bond film , and it retains the qualities of what we expect from the series , but it 's not on the level of greatness we expected given the previous films .
Fifty years later , it seems like Bond is now playing catch up with the superhero movies .
Gritty , grimdark Bond may have been novel when Casino Royale came out and the franchise was shrugging off the spectre -LRB- sorry -RRB- of the silly '90s , but now all that self-seriousness is dated and tiring .
It is a tired retread that offers little new or original , taking 007 to the one place he 's arguably never been before : irrelevance .
SPECTRE does n't quite measure up , but it 's still a good night out .
-LSB- Daniel Craig 's -RSB- latest adventure feels more like an homage to Bond 's past than a continuation of his recent hot streak .
Daniel Craig recently said that he 'd rather `` kill himself '' than do another Bond film -- and in Spectre , his misery shows .
For large portions of the middle , this is the most that a Bond film has felt like a Bond film since Pierce Brosnan retired .
The 24 Bond films sugarcoat a profession that really boils down to a whole lot of breaking-and-entering , snooping , and cold-blooded murder . This one 's still decent though .
It will surely be catnip for the hardcore fans , although younger viewers may find it too narratively clunky and self-referential to be involving .
What we have and what we enjoy , is Craig 's tough charm , Christoph Waltz 's slick villainy , Lea Seydoux ' slinky beauty , Ralph Fiennes ' earnest M and Ben Whishaw as the hipsterish Q , all set in bravura set pieces , exotic locales and kinetic chase sequences .
` Spectre ' is n't the best of these films , but it may well be the most thought-provoking , because there 's always something fascinating about art at war with itself .
For a little too much of Spectre , this does feel like the same old drill . It 's certainly entertaining for being just that . But a lowering of the bar after Skyfall .
Just nine years after the shot of life that was `` Casino Royale , '' it feels like it 's time again to start over . For shame , James .
Ian Fleming 's most famous character feels tired , dated and out of touch .
The opening sequence , recreating the Day of the Dead festival in Mexico City as 007 grapples with a target in a helicopter , is worth the ticket price alone .
Action-packed , exciting though perhaps a little wobbly in terms of story , not everything gels for Spectre , but there 's still plenty of action and charming wit to satisfy fans .
Spectre is both modern and cutting edge as well as classic , vintage James Bond .
In their second 007 collaboration , Mendes and Craig lighten the tone considerably . Here at last , we sense , the two are actually having fun with a franchise that originally found success , after all , as equal parts adventure , romance and spoof .
A film best enjoyed in theaters with your family , and you 'll maybe have a good time , but those looking for more than popcorn entertainment should stay away . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Craig has stripped down and rebuilt the character and the films will never be the same again .
A fairly muddled entry into the Bond canon .
With a perfect blend of a compelling narrative and breathtaking action sequences , Spectre marks a return to greatness for the James Bond franchise , whose past two entries had struggled to find the right mix of these two vital elements .
Spectre features all you would expect from a great Bond film : amazing gadgets , exotic locations , stunts , a new Aston Martin and a sprinkling of humour .
Essentially a well-acted Fast and Furious movie , with more British accents . It 's good but not great .
Most of the film plays like a game of Connect Four , piling up and grouping together characters and schemes from Craig 's last three films in vaguely related ways , in the hopes that the connections to Bond 's past will bring them some emotional heft .
plotting is convoluted , maybe even tortured , though I do wonder if all its conspiracies and turns do n't constitute a MacGuffin .
For those who are going to compare it to Skyfall , this simply is n't as good . There is neither the emotional connect nor the sweet melancholy that inhabited the last film , but it is a joyous ride nonetheless .
In Spectre , Mendes translates `` pleasure '' to mean business as usual . Skyfall suggested that the Bond galaxy was seeking a new orbit , but Spectre drags it right back to base .
It 's a solid , serious spy film that still has a playful glint in its eye .
Instead of propelling Spectre over the top where it belongs , Waltz instead becomes its unhappy avatar , the thinly grinning face of sadly diminished returns .
That 's right . In a film that feels about 20 minutes too long you do n't get to the money shot for almost two hours ! And with that much time to kill you may find yourself dreaming of a few martinis - be they shaken or stirred !
A film that takes from the classic bond movies but lacks a fundamental element for it to work : a time period . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spectre dances in the gate like an antsy thoroughbred from its very first frames , as if it just ca n't wait to be a James Bond film .
feels slightly disjointed , as if all the parts are n't quite lining up and the progression of action that is supposed to build emotionally instead feels more like little more than a series of plot points .
It 's the end of an era , but not the end of James Bond .
For his latest adventure , James Bond mixes the personal drama of Skyfall with the vintage globe-hopping action of the previous 23 movies .
... feels like a Best of Bond compilation ... Bluenoses who once complained of Bond 's indiscriminate bed-hopping need not worry . It 's all Craig can do to suppress a yawn mid-seduction .
Either a return to form , a winking homage to the whole series , or a dumbing down of the angsty , introspective Bond of the Daniel Craig era . Choose up sides .
Maybe there is some evolution to the Bond character in this movie from the old low-brow misogynistic , testosterone-fueled Bond of the past into something more rounded , grounded and thoughtful .
Probably the lousiest Bond picture since the Roger Moore era , but I 'll be damned if I 'm gon na watch those Brosnan blunders again to make sure .
While there are seriously blockbuster-friendly action setpieces aplenty here and a cast that can actually act , there 's just not the personal punch of Skyfall here .
Spectre is the collision of everything we love about Craig 's contribution to the character and the all 23 official Bonds preceding it .
Spectre is entertaining enough that it does n't harm the franchise . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Rich with style ... Waltz is a sterling Blofeld , the living embodiment of the eye that never sleeps , the ear that hears all .
I 'd relate more of the story , but why bother ? We 've been here before , but with more excitement , and less up-its-own - *** mythmaking .
Jolly , old-school Bond , if a tad low in `` Spectre '' gadgets .
A fun ride and worth seeing on big screen , Spectre does n't linger in the mind after leaving the theatre . An oddly hollow script , increasingly rote action and staccato pacing keep it from being the engrossing , exhilarating thrill that Skyfall was .
In this era of Daniel dagger-eyes Craig , who seems biologically incompatible with camp entertainment , the hero escaping via exploding wristwatch or ejector seat feels not just quaint but lazy .
Spectre opens with an amazing sequence , unfortunatelly , the movie never regains that level of entertainment after that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Saving the day -LRB- well , more or less -RRB- are the assets : Craig and Fiennes -LRB- naturally -RRB- , Lea Seydoux as a particularly appealing Bond girl , and Christoph Waltz , who was born to play a Bond villain .
I do n't need to know everything about James Bond and his upbringing . A little depth is fine , but this one goes too far . Just blow things up .
An enervating fatigue has set in , taking the humor and fun out of the franchise - leaving this as sinister , sadistic , escapist entertainment that 's neither shaken nor stirring .
-LSB- Specte -RSB- plods along ground so familiar , it 's easy to see how Daniel Craig could have grown tired of playing James Bond .
For my limited experience with Bond I got what I wanted from Spectre and what I think the film wanted me to get : I had a lot of fun .
... Entertains even at its fails to reconcile its disparate goals . It just feels like a missed opportunity for something special .
What starts as a fast and loose adventure begins to creak and groan as it tries to tie everything together with a weak , vengeance-colored bow .
At nearly 2 1/2 hours , what should be epic -LRB- this is the reintroduction of Spectre into the Bond mythos , for Fleming 's sake ! -RRB- just seems interminable .
Well before it ends , Spectre becomes a cartoonish parody of itself .
While Spectre is far from bad , it is likely to frustrate many fans , especially given its unenviable position of following on the heels of the near-perfect Skyfall .
Perhaps Bond is overdue for some introspection ; but tiresomely , Spectre fumbles the source of his angst .
Extended flat periods , and the sense of deja vu pervading its weaker moments .
An elegant film but plain , it fails to keep the classic spy relevant in a cyber espionage era . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spectre is a good and entertaining movie , but it does n't add anything new to the franchise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is top-form James Bond and , amid all the other spy movies coming out this year -LRB- specifically Kingsman and Mission Impossible 5 -RRB- , it 's good for 007 to reassert himself in such a firm and resounding way .
Though the impressively-staged action sequences vary in potency , they never bore . That is the job of Spectre 's snoozy bad-dude Oberhauser , who spends more time villain-splaining what he might be up to , rather than committing actual acts of villainy .
Mendes ' action sequences are undeniably worthy of the big screen , and in that sense , the movie leaves us physically shaken , if not emotionally stirred .
In terms of mere spectacle , Spectre has some wonderful driving stunts , a tremendous introduction for the character played by Christophe Waltz , and a production lavish in glass architecture and supercars .
-LSB- The film 's -RSB- first shot is precisely lovely , a dance of framing and figures , a display of craft and thoughtfulness and ingenuity . Then the rest of the movie happens .
It 's a fun time at the movies , but it does n't give viewers the same shiver of excitement that Casino Royale and Skyfall evoked -- the shiver of seeing human drama play out in the middle of popcorn spectacles .
SPECTRE is a return to the halcyon days of the more brazen Bonds ; compounded with today 's marginally more enlightened attitudes towards women , the Craig entries have synthesised into a finely tuned machine .
Spectre impresses early on but loses its way and struggles to a satisfying conclusion . Still , at least it 's better than Quantum Of Solace .
An exceedingly mediocre exercise in corporate filmmaking that often feels tired and lazy , just like Craig 's performance ... Spectre promptly plops into the quicksand of Bond cliches , undoing much of the good work of 2012 's Skyfall . What a shame .
It 's an enjoyable movie , but it does n't get better than Skyfall . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good film with a light social commentary on information control and privacy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very well made movie . To ask more of it would be unfair . This is worthy entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Action and excitement , beautiful landscapes and quick dialogue , light political comentary and existencialism are the elements that make this an awesome film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For all his panache , this Bond is a sour creature and his world is both confounding and black .
An undeniable letdown after `` Skyfall , '' this Bond feature is thoughtful in its subject matter but complacent in its execution .
Spectre is , without a doubt , the most traiditional Bond film staring Craig . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The script is dark and occasionally confusing and muddled , but it is the most ambitious plotting of any Bond film .
The James Bond series , following the relatively above-average SkyFall , takes a step backwards in this 24th installment ...
Will Craig slip into that tux once more ? For now , all we can say for sure is that , if he does n't , it 'll be a shame . As Carly Simon sang almost 40 years ago , `` Nobody does it better . ''
It ends with a button capper that is so musty and old-Bond that the audience simultaneously groaned and squealed with delight . Which pretty much sums up all Bond movies .
It 's not better than Skyfall , but it 's a good bet full of interesting themes and a solid and unexpected story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Full of thrills , Spectre leaves you with a lot of nostalgia and the hope that Craig returns as the most famous spy in cinema history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite its limitations , Spectre is still to be admired for Mendes ' skilful direction and the striking visuals of Dutch cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema .
Spectre is sloppier than other recent Bonds , but it also feels like it 's exhausted the idea that fueled the franchise 's relaunch -- darker and more realistic can only last so long when it 's paired with a rotating cast of Bond girls and supervillains .
There 's only one person alive who can kill James Bond ; Daniel Craig ... gone are most of the womanizing , gags , and double-entendres . Craig turns this into a straight action film ... but it 's still a good actioner with great locations and cinematography .
The formula still works , even if the movie is a little too long . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's no Skyfall , but SPECTRE still contains all the elements of a classic Bond .
The 24th Bond film in which the macho hero addicted to peril must choose between the path of revenge or love .
An efective movie when it comes to entertaining but dissapointing on plot development and interaction of it 's characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This movie is proof of what we 've been hearing now for a while : Daniel Craig might be the best Bond ever . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spectre is the most `` Bond '' film of the bunch , but it 's not better than Skyfall . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Poor dialogue , predictable scenes and even more predictable and useless characters in predictable situations . -LSB- Full review inSpanish -RSB-
I regard it as a ravishing exercise in near-despair , with Bond beset by the suspicion that , were he to desist , both his character and his cause would be unmasked as a void . Killing is his living , and his proof of life .
If you 're just going for the spectacle , Spectre is perfectly fine . The problems stem from its script , which is simultaneously overwritten and underwritten .
The glance backwards by the writers signals a kind of watershed in the development of the new Bond since Daniel Craig slipped his Baretta into 007 's shoulder holster
Everything is there ready for tasting - it 's a Bond degustation
Gone is the mysterious Bond-as-cipher , replaced by unpleasant , Marvel-indebted universe-building in which all the pieces of previous films must tiresomely fit together .
... the old school ideas in Spectre do n't mesh with Daniel Craig 's grounded version of the character ... These moments do n't make James Bond look like an expert , they make him look like he 's out of his mind .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Spectre '' is an incredibly entertaining and fun movie . Is n't that what it 's all about ?
The franchise is still doing well after 53 years of following the same formula .
Beautifully filmed with plenty of action , but missing a sense of fun .
Dazzles early and fizzles late ... Bond is not Batman ; he does not need an origin story .
His name is Bond , but it may as well be Bland considering how lethargic Daniel Craig is in going through the motions of playing a character he 's obviously tired of playing .
The film is run into the ground for a wince-inducing final half-hour of unfortunate developments . It 's too bad , because what SPECTRE provides during its initial two hours is sound -- and potent enough to still earn this a shaky recommendation .
SPECTRE is like a strand of pearls . They 're shiny , but they 're artificial .
Moderadamente divertido , mas facilmente esquecível .
Like pizza , Bond is good even when he 's bad , and Spectre is a long way from bad . But after the glory that was Skyfall , returning director Sam Mendes seems unsure of where to take the character .
What kind of monster casts Christoph Waltz as a villain and then hardly uses him ?!
007 's most personal mission yet ironically fails to inspire an emotional response , and its creepy Octopussy-themed credits and outdated sexual mores are frustratingly passé .
Cold ? Yes , this is a cold movie , but so is the past and memories . This is a movie about the last remaining hidden memories James Bond has . And also , saying goodbye can be very cold . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Spectre '' is , like `` Skyfall '' , waaaaayyyyyy too long , with a story that is significantly less than intriguing .
Despite some well-choreographed sequences -- the movie 's opening in Mexico City is typically frenetic of Bond films , and the helicopter episode is harrowing -- Agent 007 needs to retire . There is nothing unique or original left to do with the franchise .
This might be Craig 's last run as Bond , but the movie is a great farewell for the actor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The new Bond movie has a great opening sequence , full of action and vertigo , but after that it seems like it looses the inspiration . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie starts with a spectacular opening scene and then it progressively starts to loose momentun till the final act where it picks up again . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This new entry of the Bond saga continues the tradition of giving us action , car chases , exotic women and awesome tech to finish the mision . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are signs of Bond bloat within many of the action sequences - it must be hard to trim such extravagant footage - but they are at least partly overcome by an increase in levity .
Unfortunately , Spectre is to Skyfall what Quantum of Solace was to Casino Royale ; that is to say : less inspired in just about every way .
If SKYFALL had hints of Mamet , SPECTRE has heaping servings of Bay with slightly more interesting location shoots .
The problem may be that Mendes is trying to offset the inherent pulpiness of the series by playing up the class .
Some of the episodes are faintly absurd , but then this is a James Bond movie .
The franchise has always relied on megalomaniacal villains , ticking clocks , and narrow escapes . Spectre spins those things in a slightly more offbeat way that may irritate some Bond purists , but which plays as both homage and reinvention .
`` Spectre '' is still an above-average entry into the series , although of Craig 's Bond movies , I would still rank it behind `` Skyfall '' and `` Casino Royale . ''
A subtle and brief cinematic exploration of how rudimentary secret services fit in a world full of information , speed and new technologies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The most somber , dark and full of hopelessness Bond movie of all time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's entertaining and worth seeing , even with the excess of hype . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fans will flock to `` Spectre , '' which is a must for a film reportedly costing upwards to $ 300000000 .
Spectre falls somewhere in the middle ; it 's not as routine as some of the Roger Moore films , but it falls short of the high standard set by the earlier Craig films and almost all the Connery films .
... certainly better than Craig 's second outing , `` Quantum of Solace , '' but it 's pretty much business as usual just when the ante should be upped .
If one of the most successful and long-running franchises in movie history wants to keep pumping , it 's once again time to change the formula .
The 24th movie since ` Dr. No ' began the franchise in 1962 may reflect on the past and even gaze into the grave , but it 's vibrantly , expressively , emotionally alive and very much in step with today .
While this movie does n't equal that 2012 film or Craig 's Bond debut Casino Royale for its suspense or emotional impact , it 's fine escapist entertainment , with plenty of references to all things Bond to delight enthusiasts .
It 's just too bad the rest of Spectre is such a disappointment -- relative not just to its opening scene , but to other recent Bond films .
Spectre , perhaps inevitably , is a step backward , an inexorable creep toward the eeeeeeevil , cat-petting , be-monocled , Fallacy of the Talking Killer-abusing Bond franchise we 'd all agreed to move on from .
Spectre is a solid Bond outing , with strong performances and eye-catching spectacle , but it spends so much time trying to fulfill its complex mandate that it 's never able to enjoy itself .
After soaring to new heights in Skyfall , James Bond comes crashing down in the hotly anticipated Spectre .
Spectre does n't offer much in the way of new material , but in a series known for its iconic tropes , the challenge is making the familiar feel fresh . Spectre mines those tropes well .
Spectre at times feels more like a travelogue of stunning photography than an actual movie . It 's one of the most gorgeous looking films I 've seen all year .
A disappointment after Skyfall , but it has its moments . The cast is terrific , although Dench is tough act to follow .
Fast-paced thriller is high on action , lighter on emotion .
Heavy on homage , short on originality .
A nefarious Bond villain apparently stole the Spectre script and reduced Oscar winner Christoph Waltz 's role to a sad , super-sized cameo .
Spectre , despite its lush locales and trademark superb action set pieces , is a mostly downtrodden , robotic exercise in wild goose chase plotting .
They 're still following the philosophy for the series established by the late producer Albert R. Broccoli : all the money spent for the film is up on the screen .
There 's an undeniable sense of finality in Spectre , with no clear path forward and an uncharacteristically -LRB- for the most recent movies -RRB- upbeat ending .
-LSB- Christoph -RSB- Waltz is the cowbell of Spectre ... you can never have too much Waltz .
I 'm in the minority but Bond 24 looks like Bond 23 , Bond 22 , Bond ... etc. . And it wastes Christoph Waltz who could have given us a villain as good as Gert Frobe 's Goldfinger .
Earns a recommendation , but only due to a number of action set pieces that are far better individually than the collective whole . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
If you did n't see Spectre , in all it 's incredibly traditional Bond glory , coming you were n't paying attention . The questions is are the old ways really better ?
Starting in Mexico City with an opening sequence that rates as one of the series best , `` Spectre '' works when the action sequences take their time . Unfortunately , the film 's closing third is rushed and surprisingly dim-witted .
He was the Bond of his generation , and Craig should be proud of that .
If Daniel Craig actually were contemplating an exit from the James Bond franchise , Spectre would be a handy off-ramp .
If you 're among the masses who adored Skyfall , I can see why Spectre might feel like a comedown . Now let me tell you why , for me , it is a wonderful course-correction .
A stunning case for why Bond still matters .
Craig turned the character into a dark , brooding , unhappy creature , but here he 's really more bland than Bond , a shadow of his former self .
For the most part , it 's efficient-enough Bond fare - overlong car chases , beautiful women in eternal danger , crazy stunts , suave cool under fire . Nice fitting suits .
Craig says he 's tired of playing Bond , and it shows . He looks constipated . Maybe they should have called it `` Sphincter . ''
No Bond movie is as good as the first ten minutes of this Bond movie . The problem is there 's 140 additional minutes of Bond movie that follow .
Delivering tautly designed thrills , handsome production values , and welcome shades of personality , `` Spectre '' is savvy commercial moviemaking with the right amount of edge to stand out from the crowd .
`` Spectre '' contains clever action sequences , spectacular locales , colorful baddies , and another assured performance by Craig in his fourth outing as 007 . It 's just that the suit fits him maybe a little too well this time .
An entertaining adventure mostly successful at bringing the early spirit of villains , gadgets and gear to Craig 's grittier , realistic take on Bond .
The villains of Spectre self-servingly repeat the mantra that technology has evolved to the point where the world does n't need 00 agents anymore . The ultimate irony of Spectre is that it inadvertently proves that the villains are right .
The ghosts laid out in Spectre are put to rest , and if the process is n't quite as seamless as one would hope , there 's still a satisfaction of seeing the man shaking it up , if not quite stirring our hearts .
Despite all the ingredients that Bond fans savor , `` Spectre '' feels like a step backward . We 've seen it all before , and many Bond filmmakers have done it better .
If this chapter , reportedly Craig 's last as Bond , is not up to the `` Skyfall '' level , it is still a solid entry in this series .
The execution of the Bond-movie elements are so flawless that they do n't feel formulaic . The chemistry of the characters is so natural that we 're able to enjoy these characters like we 're among friends .
... the exhausted entry in the James Bond franchise , certainly the most exhausted of the Daniel Craig era .
The new Bond movie is good , but not as good as `` Skyfall '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A perfectly produced film that goes through the traits of the Bond formula . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the end , this solid Bond does justice to the character 's long legacy while paying due diligence to what he has become under Daniel Craig 's stewardship .
The result is fun , even if it 's a mishmash , leaving you shaken , not stirred .
Landing short of the `` Skyfall '' bar , `` Spectre '' still glides in at an above average action fare film .
Even if it 's less gloriously beautiful than its predecessor , the new movie is a little warmer , and also includes a pretty basic , but powerful and relevant ... argument against surveillance .
By the time Spectre reaches its conclusion , the backstory has become so fraught , the motives so unclear , and the layers of scheming by the villains so convoluted that it 's exhausting .
A rock-solid Bond flick that would have been hailed an immediate winner if it were n't for the fact that it has to shudder and shake in the darkness of the enormous shadow cast by its predecessor .
A gorgeous and dreamlike but ultimately frustrating Bond film . I blame Mendes .
The film is haunted by ghosts of previous Bond films , slipping back into the formulaic action/adventure genre with a script that 's a little creaky , but there 's enough wit and panache to keep it chugging along .
The plot is a lot of wheel-spinning , slowly and unsurely inching Bond closer to the bad guy .
`` Spectre '' is a movie that wants to have fun but simply does n't know how .
It remains a decently robust and entertaining mid-level Bond movie - just one that 's haunted by the specter of its predecessor .
`` Spectre '' is full of not-good things , and some oppressively bad things that may come to feel like drill bits twirling in your skull .
Casual fans will wonder what all the complaining is about . Obsessives already know why Spectre is far from fantastic .
It 's business as usual , even if that business is pulled off with brilliant precision , ingeniously choreographed action , and an itinerary boasting some of the most photogenic spots on Earth .
We go to these movies to watch Bond suffer -LRB- though not too much -RRB- , get the girl , get his man and get to live another day . Whether or not Craig decides to hang up the Walther PPK , it 's a safe bet that James Bond will return .
Sure , the action sequences are thrilling . But the emotional intensity and gravitas of Skyfall are missing , and that makes the movie feel more like a string of highlights than a satisfying whole .
Until this misstep , Craig had been one of the top actors to play the British spy . His lack of energy , coupled with the long list of other miscues , leaves Spectre bland , very bland .
Having established Bond as Death , the rest of ` Spectre ' works to restore the secret agent 's humanity . The result is the product of filmmakers who presume their thoughtful approach has elevated the franchise . I 've never enjoyed a Bond film less .
This James Bond outing begins with a stunning set piece in which the hero , played by Daniel Craig , takes down a terrorist cell amid Day of the Dead festivities in Mexico City .
A drab , anemic machine , Spectre , may bring the spectacle , but it lacks a soul .
A Bond movie is all about delivering on expectations : to enjoy it you have to be pleased rather than frustrated by its predictability . In that regard , Spectre ... can be deemed a solid success
The excellent production values and lavish cinematography dress up the film like Bond 's impeccable white tuxedo , but offer it nowhere to go .
`` Spectre '' is n't bad - just slightly disappointing .
An episodic chain of high-octane set-pieces that gets increasingly winded as it drags on .
James Bond has returned , but he often looks as though he 'd rather be anywhere but in this movie .
`` Spectre '' a mere shadow of Bond greatness .
The head of the British secret service , M , once famously referred to agent 007 as `` a blunt instrument . '' Consider SPECTRE a blunted one .
Forming a neatly rounded-off tetralogy with the previous three James Bond movies , Spectre sure feels like the end of the line for Daniel Craig as the storied secret agent . If it indeed is , the 47-year-old actor can depart proudly .
What pulls together the story 's many tentacles is the unflappable Craig , a less-is-more actor who has evolved his Bond from the `` blunt instrument '' of Casino Royale into the `` good man '' of Spectre .
Mendes , a cerebral director who balances action and erudition , lets us savor every conspiracy , chase and exotic locale .
While not quite up to the Casino Royale or Skyfall standard , Spectre is nonetheless a rock-solid James Bond outing . Impeccably crafted on a technical level .
Spectre 's dearth of surprises proves a death knell for its drama , since it means that most of what occurs throughout its story is merely filler in service of telegraphed bombshells .
If , as he has suggested , `` Spectre '' is Daniel Craig 's final outing as James Bond , then it is a very snappy send-off , indeed .
Ace visuals and simmering performances from Daniel Craig and Lea Seydoux , as a reluctant Bond girl , divert attention from the cockamamie plot and backstory cooked up for Christoph Waltz 's shadowy and excruciatingly foreshadowed villain .
We do n't expect a James Bond film to be deep , but at least we should be dazzled by the seductive gloss of its surfaces . Aside from that stunning opening sequence , this installment feels overcompensating and dutiful .
Repeats bits and even characters from the earlier films , hoping viewers wo n't notice , or that lightning will strike again .
We 've seen it all before . Despite a plot trajectory that changes so often they seem to be making it up as they go along , everyone on and off the screen seems to be doing it by the numbers .
It 's `` Thunderball '' without the light touch and the boring underwater scenes . Not bad , no need to wake Roger Moore from his mid-morning nap and bring him out of retirement , but not special .
The Craig Bonds ... continue ... questioning the dark and destructive psychology of this masculine icon , this preternaturally skilled but insanely reckless secret agent -- his greatest secrets being his own hurt and loss and loneliness .
Succeeds mainly as a series of dazzling set pieces connected by a thin plot .
More proof that James Bonds never exit the stage gracefully .
Contemplative ... This is one of the `` romance ones '' , and that romance is the film 's strongest element ... Seydoux gives the film 's best performance ... every time -LSB- Craig -RSB- shares a scene with her , his game lifts noticeably . She brings out the best in him .
Shaken ? Stirred ? The trouble with Spectre is that it 's neither . All the expected ingredients are there ... but they never distill into a whole greater than the sum of their predictable parts .
Even though the movie is perfectly shot , it gradually feels like more of the same thing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Besides Craig , the real star in Spectre is director Mendes , who has found the perfect emotional tone this time out .
The opening sequence , set against the chaotic sprawl of Mexico City on the Day of the Dead , is technically impeccable and immediately involving . But then there 's the franchise 's less appealing baggage .
Familiarity is not without its pleasures . But Spectre is so confused and inert that Craig ca n't even sell the signature `` Bond . James Bond '' and `` Shaken , not stirred '' lines .
You enjoy ` Spectre ' but do n't thrill to it as you did the valedictory yet refreshing ` Skyfall . '
Whether Craig has another Bond chapter in him , or producers are ready to move on with another actor , one thing is clear : The 007 franchise is in a much better place than when Craig first appeared as Bond in 2006 .
Craig 's expression is so unchanging it might as well be chiseled out of stone , and his emotionally uninvolved performance is similarly lacking in nuance .
Though the rote installment is poised to rake at the box office , it wo n't leave you shaken or stirred .
Despite the fun , pulpy tone , Bond 's greatest adversary here is continuity .
Craig continues his fine take on the legendary icon of books and movies . His Bond lacks the polish of Roger Moore 's and Pierce Brosnan 's versions , and for the better .
For depth , these films only require inherited tradition , and that is what keeps the world 's most successful movie franchise moving toward its sixth decade . But next time , please : less typing , less remembering , and more running toward the future .
Spectre is Craig 's fourth Bond movie and his muscular tenure has been defined not just by his full embodiment of the character , but his overall stewardship .
Spectre is n't quite as good as the more emotional Skyfall , but it 's not far behind .
Daniel Craig 's stated goal was to make Spectre `` better than Skyfall . '' Not quite , but it 's still party time for Bond fans .
Spectre wants to operate as both a grim post-9 / 11 thriller and a throwback spy yarn , and it succeeds often enough . There 's something audacious about positing a massive security and civil liberties threat right in the heart of central government .
At the center of the film , like a man trying to pull a donkey out of a peat bog , stands Craig : inexpressive , uninflected and obviously tired .
One of the great satisfactions of `` Spectre '' is that , in addition to all the stirring action , and all the timely references to a secret organization ... we get to believe in Bond as a person .
`` Spectre '' feels too much like a franchise in frustrating flux , which has more of a negative than positive effect .
Terrific and perfect . Craig delivers a farewell with everything but gratitude now that it 's `` supposedly '' over for him .
`` Spectre '' plays it safe , and while that familiarity is enjoyable that also keeps it from ascending to the top of the Bond canon .
-LSB- T -RSB- op-notch cinema filled with impressive action , breathtaking stunts , splendid visuals , & solid performances . ... -LSB- A -RSB- worthy sequel that ups the ante from previous films ... .
An action extravaganza of diminishing returns , this Bond chapter left me a little bit shaken , but definitely not stirred .
There 's been so much turgid , meta-talk in Craig 's films about Bond 's obsolescence ; watching Spectre was the first time I actually started to agree with the idea .
Like all of Craig 's turns in the tux , Spectre is a blast of bespoke escapism , full of globetrotting action and thousand-thread-count opulence .
Had it been the first Bond film with Craig in the title role , the reaction likely would be `` wow ! '' This is some good stuff , way deeper than the silly Bonds . But with history behind us , it feels a little slight .
There 's still a hint of the caveman about Daniel Craig 's Bond , but it 's countered by an emotional evolution that makes him the most interesting Bond in franchise history .
For those who have been waiting patiently for Bond to stop brooding so heavily , Spectre is about as close as the Craig version of the character is probably going to get to the quipping , unflappable 007 of yore .
What should feel like a clash among abused power , a world in turmoil and a resolute force of justice becomes underwhelming and basic , fitting for the theme song by the one-note Sam Smith .
Compositions are clean and casually geometric ... furnishings and settings have the sweet grace of simplicity , elements sketched in as in a keenly focused stage production . But as they say on Broadway , you do n't walk out of a musical humming the scenery .
A listless mash-up of lazy gags and storytelling shortcuts that does n't just echo the series ' Mooreian lows - it undermines all the work the franchise has done since 2006 .
-LSB- Mendes is -RSB- smart about pacing and rhythm and an astute judge of when to go for the joke and how to let his actors run the show , as opposed to the show -- the explosions and murders and such -- flattening the actors .
A slick , beautifully photographed , action-packed , international thriller with a number of wonderfully , ludicrously entertaining set pieces , a sprinkling of dry wit , myriad gorgeous women and a classic psycho-villain .
An adrenaline rush of action , insight , drama , pathos , brutality , humility , humanity and even the occasional whisper of mischievous comedy .
Spectre might pass for parody , except Mendes raised the stakes so high with Skyfall that lowbrow is n't becoming on 007 , and might spell his end . Like Sam Smith sings , much too shrill for a James Bond movie : The writing 's on the wall .
There 's a distinct sense that Bond himself -LRB- and not just Daniel Craig -RRB- is tired of this repetitive , soul-crushing crap and ready to move on .
A merely good-enough , but not great addition to the Bond canon .
` Spectre ' is a nod to the classic scenes , characters , and imagery from Bond lore . It is formulaic , but spectacular nonetheless .
It 's not the best Bond you 've ever seen , but on a scale of 1 to 10 , it 's a solid 008 .
A Bond film that feels caught between its roots as a mindlessly enjoyable action-franchise and its new mandate to deliver the operatic emotions and sudsy plot lines of today 's superhero properties .
At heart it 's another dopey Roger Moore outing , minus the dick jokes .
` Spectre ' Is The Worst 007 Movie In 30 Years .
For a franchise so insistent on its freshness , its villain looks awfully old-fashioned .
All of its revisionism centrally incorporates the history of the franchise , and the film both excels and suffers for frequently recalling its forbears .
Early on , Spectre promises to be one of the best Bonds - a reminder that nobody does it better . In the end , it just looks like everything else .
In the end , Spectre is just too much of a good thing . Though each scene is carefully wrought , there 's little grace , majesty , or romance in the way the pieces are connected .
Even by the generous standards of Bond pictures , which have been graded on a curve since 1962 , `` Spectre '' has to be considered a missed opportunity .
The Daniel Craig 007 movie I 've been waiting for since Casino Royale .
If you never imagined your mind would wander to tentacle porn while watching a James Bond movie , well , at least Spectre serves up something unexpected .
The impressive cast feels stuck in second gear .
Spectacular visuals can not make up for formulaic plotting , banal dialogue , and by-the-numbers acting .
In a number of key scenes , `` Spectre '' re-creates classic moments from past Bonds . Think of them as James Bond 's Greatest Hits . Think of them also as signs Mendes and his writers have run out of fresh ideas .
Spectre is a film of sequences rather than sustained adventure .
For all its wayward plotting and off-the-peg elements , SPECTRE works .
At times clunky , Spectre is still utterly gorgeous , always compelling and the ultimate proof that Daniel Craig is the best James Bond of all time .
Spectacular , stylish , dark but still amusing , Spectre is a thrilling entry that combines the best of Bond movies old and new .
Even fantasy needs verisimilitude , and if you 're going to have your hero producing planes out of thin air , miles from any apparent airstrip , as Bond does , why stop there ? Surely no need for a plane . Just have him zoom through the air , arms outstretched .
Spectre is the 24th film in the Bond franchise , the fourth starring Daniel Craig , the second directed by Sam Mendes , and the first at not much of anything . Nothing new to report , in other words .
After a truly spectacular and fresh opening sequence , everyone might as well be enacting a Bond puppet show , which is sometimes unpleasantly retro-icky .
Overlong and bloated , Spectre is a few rewrites away from greatness . Still , there 's no denying that it 's an eccentric epic and undeniably fun , despite a languorous final stretch .
If you miss a Bond movie with impetus and well-orchestrated mayhem , you 've missed the point . It 's all about mood these days .
This is a movie that positively revels in its heritage , with references to the series ' iconic characters and moments dropped into the narrative with a mix of playfulness and reverence ... There are nods , nudges and witty allusions everywhere you look .
A Bond that , for all its grandiose production values , is little more than an anthology of previous Bonds , a palimpsest even , to be fancier about it .
It 's the best Bond ever .
While Spectre may not be the equal of its immediate predecessor , it 's still bang on target in delivering what an audience wants from this seemingly indestructible franchise ...
Nothing in this propulsive , if criminally overlong , thriller packs anything like the punch delivered by the most familiar refrains .
After 53 years and 24 films , is it too much to , ahem , exSpectre bit more ?
For all its flaws , overreaching ambition and excessive running time , this is a prestige picture on a huge scale .
Some of the action is jaw-dropping .
While it 's a stylish feature , the film lacks true substance , with SPECTRE a solid effort but one that falls frustratingly short of greatness .
In many ways Spectre is the purest Bond experience of the Craig era .
It 's never Quantum-levels of disappointing , but it all just feels overcooked .
As an action movie , SPECTRE does zip along initially until the halfway mark when the mythology and the intentional nostalgia trip pull on the handbrake .
All about the set pieces . Character development and dialogue both come in at a distant joint second place .
From its vodka martinis to its exploding buildings , the whole film is like a YouTube mash-up of sequences drawn from earlier entries in the series : it 's Déjà Vu to a Kill .
It 's easy to enjoy but hard to care about .
Bond 's 24th outing delivers handsomely in action set pieces and crowd-pleasing moments , but is let down by a weird mix of tone , a lack of plot and poorly defined characters .
This is n't the perfect Bond . It 's over-long at two and half hours , and there are intermittent longueurs before it finally gets all the afterburners firing for the concluding 45 minutes . But lots of it is great , too .
After the sombre excellence of Skyfall , Spectre tries to tweak the formula while clearly being thrown into panic at the thought .
Digging into Bond history , returning director Sam Mendes has , against all the odds , delivered a film that at least matches , and perhaps even betters , Skyfall .
This may be the longest Bond film ever made , but it 's so entertaining those 148 minutes fly by faster than Bond 's new gadget-laden Aston Martin DB10 .
Spectre will go down as Craig 's stab at going full-blown BOND - big , bold and a bit more like Roger Moore .
In pure action adventure terms , Spectre delivers the goods , with plenty of revved-up supercar porn and several kinetic high-speed chase sequences on road , river and snowy mountain slope .
A wealth of iconography - both incidental and integral - from the series ' founding chapters is revived here , making `` Spectre '' a particular treat for 007 nerds , and a businesslike blast for everyone else .
Mendes is n't afraid to hurl every trick in the Bond book onscreen to remind us of why we love 007 .
No film series has been better at raiding its own mausoleum , and throughout Spectre , ghosts of Bond films past come gliding through the film , trailing shivers of pleasure in their wake .
James Bond is ridiculous again in this disappointing -LRB- but still fun -RRB- outing .
This fourth outing for Daniel Craig as James Bond is achingly cool , as sleek and powerful as the silver Aston Martin DB10 that races through the movie .
We were expecting you to deliver Mr Bond ... and you certainly did n't disappoint .
Forget the campiness of the past , 007 is the suited-and-booted menace originally envisioned by creator Ian Fleming .
From the exhilarating pre-credits sequence , against the backdrop of the Day of the Dead festival in Mexico City , to a spectacular denouement in the shadow of the Houses of Parliament , Spectre is a proper joyride of a James Bond film .
A terrifically exciting , spectacular , almost operatically delirious 007 adventure .
As an action movie , Spectre is every bit the equal of its predecessor , Skyfall . For at least half its running time , this is as good as Bond gets -- a rip-roaring and very stylishly made thriller with tremendous production values .
Spectre feels like a film patched together out of endless hastily-drafted script rewrites rather than a cohesive vision .
There 's still a place for Bond in a contemporary , cinematic climate .
To say it does fighting and chasing extremely well is really only to say that it does ` being a Bond movie ' adequately well . Where it fails is in everything else it tries to do .
A rousing , spectacular , scattershot and somewhat overextended victory lap .

@highlight

Spectre nudges Daniel Craig 's rebooted Bond closer to the glorious , action-driven spectacle of earlier entries , although it 's admittedly reliant on established 007 formula .