A film for fans of the designer ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eschewing the storied elegance of recent European fashion documentaries , Michael Roberts ' film is as joyous and dishy as the now 75-year-old Spaniard who released his first collection in 1971 .
Ultimately , Manolo : The Boy Who Made Shoes For Lizards is better at capturing the tones of the times visited rather than proving the significance of its subject .
Those who are sceptical shoes can be an art form may not quite be won over , yet to see the septuagenerian Blahnik at his drawing board is to witness inspiration at work .
For the legions of fans who will see `` Manolo , '' the film 's drawbacks may not be an issue , except that they take away from the time spent showcasing the shoes .
`` Manolo '' is a portrait of a singular creative genius who , thankfully , found a way to share his artistry with the world .
The humble artist gets a loving tribute wrapped in a slick promotional package . However , it only scratches the surface whilst getting to the heart of the genius .
Recreations of the master 's past are laughably bad : a numbing state of self-congratulatory and overly theatrical theatricality appears to have stricken all participants . So why was I never bored ?
Director Michael Roberts , a fashion writer by trade , has produced a fluff piece , albeit a pretty one .
You may not be able to afford the shoes , but Michael Roberts ' documentary Manolo : The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards may bring you almost as much delight .
We never find out what makes Manolo run . But , oh my , what plumage .
The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards is so adoringly created , so utterly absent of anything resembling an investigative thought , that the film 's shoddy construction creates an opportunity for unfair demands .
Talking-head interviews interspersed with reenactments reminiscent of cheap true-crime shows are the filmic equivalent of a polo shirt and khakis : blandly acceptable but uninspired .
The documentary is only beautiful on the surface .
There 's ... a proper appreciation of his craftsmanship , skill and depth of historical knowledge .
As an interview subject , Blahnik can be elusive , although his descriptions of his favorite creations throughout the years will no doubt be extracted as brand poetry for future advertising campaigns .
The playful use of archive , animation and dramatised snippets of Blahnik 's hard-partying past give the film a fun , fizzy feel .
The movie is extraordinary for its access to -LSB- Manolo -RSB- Blahnik , who is arch and funny and sweet beyond words .
The main takeaway of Manolo : The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards is that Manolo Blahnik makes really great shoes .
Glimpses of the self-described `` cobbler '' to the world of fashion and hundred-thousandaires everywhere , Manolo Blahnik , working at designs at home or on the factory floor are the liveliest moments of the diverting process-and-praise documentary .
Frothy but entertaining .
A sneaker-wearing dullard 's idea of extravagant praise is often a kitten-heel-obsessive 's understanding of naked truth . And if shoe worship is taken as given , Roberts does n't hold back when laying out the articles of faith for Blahnik 's enthusiastic cult .
The film follows in its subject 's footsteps to a fault , and it does so in rubber heels .
This tinselly doc about an eminent shoe designer is a very shiny object lacking a substantive core .
As frustrating as The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards can be ... it makes quite clear that the man behind a revered international brand is an artist first and foremost . For his ardent admirers , that will probably be a perfect fit .
Anyone who loves the history of fashion - the doc presents archival video from swinging London to gritty 1980s Paris , and everyplace in-between - will enjoy aspects of this film .
TIt rushes through Mr. Blahnik 's biography , dwelling on pop-culture moments and blandly ecstatic celebrity testimonials .
Manolo might be a hard sell to moviegoers who are n't already interested , but for fashion enthusiasts , it 's an enjoyable confection .
Michael Roberts 's documentary is an unabashed exercise in deifying its subject matter with superlatives and hyperbole from the mouths of talking heads , which ultimately results in the cheapening of the artist .

@highlight

Manolo will please fashion fans , though its size and scope may not be a perfect fit for all viewers .