Wind River ultimately aims to be an existential survival movie , but that aim is rarely true .
Sheridan leaves little doubt about the psychological depth he aims to join to criminality . Renner 's low key competence and authority supports that and says much about his growing suitability for this kind of role .
Bleak stuff , but riveting .
Wind River is done in a very realistic way . The 's nothing extraordinary or fantastic about it , it 's just people trying to do right by people .
For those who enjoy some emotional chill amid the overheated blockbusters of summer , Wind River will fit the bill .
Like his former screenplays , Sheridan punctuates his latest endeavour with instances of shocking violence that truly resonate and - one rather ludicrous Mexican standoff aside - they are breathtakingly ferocious .
The movie 's strength is Sheridan 's knack for vivid characterization through little more than casual remarks and consistent voices . Renner is n't an actor of great range but that works here by trusting the words .
In his directorial debut Taylor Sheridan -LRB- screenwriter of Hell or High Water and Sicario -RRB- , keeps the plot humming and offers some genuinely thrilling moments ; even occasionally offering poignant insights on grief and loss .
Who knew Wyoming was a such a dangerous state ?
A ponderous policier that posits white saviors of native peoples for the umpteenth time . Except for the landscape photography , utterly forgettable .
... both a lean , stripped down crime thriller and a muscular backwoods adventure , linear and fairly straightforward and , oddly , perhaps a little too talky when it comes to motivations and revelations .
The disenfranchised and the victims , even in this modest , watchable mystery-thriller , deserve to be the heroes of their own stories .
... viscerally exposes a current problem . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
But premise aside , everything else about this movie feels fresh and powerfully authentic .
The plot is straightforward but tense , and the characters well-drawn and excellently fleshed out by Renner and Olsen .
What can pass as a standard murder-mystery instead becomes a remarkably complex exploration of various malaises , including the agony of familial loss , the systematic disenfranchisement of Native Americans , and the ever-present evil of toxic masculinity .
It is intense , It is amazing . I loved the story . I loved every moment of the film . Taylor Sheridan is 3 for 3 .
There is excellent camera and lighting work ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a thrilling ride ...
A finely sketched character-driven murder mystery , Wind River is a beautifully penned piece of work from Taylor Sheridan , who makes his directing debut .
Although it collapses in the third act , what comes before it is gripping and complex . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
One of the best films of 2017 .
An ambitious film , a little sloppy , but invigorating , well-made , well-acted , gorgeously photographed . It 's poetic in its visuals and , as is tradition with Westerns , its justice .
Where does Wind River end , and real life begin ? This could well be the most important American film of 2017 .
... the story 's small failings never completely finding a way to override the film 's intentions , or more importantly , message .
Sheridan succeeds in delivering both an expose on the struggles of contemporary reservation life and a tautly executed procedural set against an epic backdrop of hostile beauty .
... the film benefits substantially from an inclusion of impressively engrossing sequences ...
For what it is-a procedural thriller-Wind River is above average .
This film is certainly one of the best of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An expert in police intrigue , -LSB- director Taylor -RSB- Sheridan has the rare ability to explore novel territories ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wind River is equal parts beautiful and horrifying , hopeful and heartbreaking .
So it 's refreshing to see him -LRB- Renner -RRB- starring in that rare thing -- a grown-up film arty enough to win a prize at this year 's Cannes Film Festival and yet commercial enough -- I hope -- to do some fairly serious business at the box office .
Propelled by smart and authentic dialogue , strong characterizations and the occasional burst of brutal violence , -LSB- Wind River -RSB- is a testament to Sheridan 's abilities as a storyteller .
Sheridan 's ear for fatalistic dialogue is bang on .
Wind River is a compelling watch , with a strong sense of place , convincing performances and a welcome , if subtle , undercurrent o f political awareness .
Sheridan ends his story brilliantly , the last ten minutes a startling display of emotional elasticity that left me flabbergasted .
Most of the dialogue would look good on a series of commemorative tea towels . It certainly does n't belong on the lips of an actor as gifted as Renner .
Wind River is one of the best films of 2017 .
Wind River 's strong sense of place differentiates the film from the rest of the noir genre .
The resonance of -LSB- Jeremy -RSB- Renner 's understated acting , moments of unexpected visual splendor , and mounting psychological intensity make it all irresistibly compelling .
Taylor Sheridan 's flair for creating heartland epics is undimmed , but it 's hard not to wonder what someone with more directing chops , and the will to hit the accelerator , would have done with it .
The film offers lots more than twists and red herrings . The dialogue is beautifully underwritten , the soundtrack is moody , cinematography stunning and the casting is faultless .
Renner is on good form here -LRB- and rocking a hard-to-pull-off pair of dungarees -RRB- as the sensitive , protective Cory , and as a genre exercise , it works .
Renner 's performance - along with a mesmerising soundtrack by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis - is enough to carry it happily along .
Wind River ticks all the right boxes . It also leaves a bad smell .
The various implausibilities in this film do not diminish its tremendous watchability , and in particular the lead performance of Renner .
A tense , well-acted thriller that keeps you involved until the bitter end .
A curious but ultimately humane story of brutality and grief on a vast Native American reserve in Wyoming .
There 's ... an admirable air of confidence in the way Sheridan has structured the film , balancing its violent extremes with quieter emotional moments in which the broader social injustice the film is exploring ca n't help but bubble up through the cracks .
I wo n't bore on here , even though it 's my inclination , but will say that while Sheridan 's intentions were undoubtedly noble , this makes the whole enterprise feel cheaply mainstream and exploitative .
Taking its inspiration from several grim statistics , the film functions as both a first rate thriller and the type of movie that highlights an American social injustice while posing serious questions for anyone willing to listen .
It 's an American thriller that will certainly appeal to fans of Scandinavian noir .
Wind River is a smart and very satisfying movie .
In its marriage of man and landscape , Sheridan 's film is like an Anthony Mann Western remade . It 's a Naked Spur gone snowy ; a Far Country gone far , feral and scenically tremendous .
Wind River 's examination of race , gender and grief are just as compelling as any stand-off .
A terrible shame to use such an interesting setting for such a conventional story .
Sheridan directs as well as writes for the first time , and delivers a superb thriller with a powerful chill that gets in your bones . Smart , tense and soulful .
Great work from Renner ... the best of his career .
Wind River is a film that intermittently impresses , even if it keeps getting blown off course .
Wind River is one of the best films of the year so far .
It 's a gorgeously shot film with especially well-developed characters who bring intensity and emotion to every scene .
Wind River fires on all cylinders . Spare , knowing and powerful , Sheridan 's dialogue is worth the price of admission .
Repositions Sheridan as a major force in the industry , adding to screenwriting triumphs with another stunning summary of broken people and the strife they experience in an extreme location .
... I 'm pleased to report that while Wind River does n't reach the high water mark of those two superb tales it 's still a terrifically atmospheric drama .
There 's no romance , joy or satisfaction in Wind River because life on the reservation is always just a breath away from disaster .
Anchored by powerful performances and a smart , heartfelt screenplay , this is one of the year 's best films so far .
The superiority of Sheridan 's work here is n't just in its tautness - its true victory is in its empathy .
It 's a familiar plot with familiar details , executed with sober brutality and surprising compassion and punctuated by sequences of ghastly tension .
Wind River is violent and hard to watch , but gripping and telling with effective music .
A movie that 's full of very good things , in which the murder mystery serves as little more than a pretext for fleshing out the place and the characters .
A solid thriller . Wind River represents mature , substantive filmmaking at its finest .
An intriguing murder mystery set on a Native American reservation in wintry Wyoming .
Sheridan 's particular gift is his ability to thread these social and political themes into crackerjack narratives that are so enthralling in and of themselves that it 's easy to forget there is a social dimension
Wind River builds slowly , and a little of Sheridan 's klutzy predator-prey symbolism goes a long way , but he also shows a genuine knack for steadily building tension , finally allowing it to explode in an excellent final act .
Powerful crime thriller with fresh insights into grief and how to be a good steward of one 's pain .
Wind River may be -LSB- the native 's -RSB- home , but this is Lambert 's story . He , in the end , is the great white savior - which is a plot device Hollywood has been using since well before the days of John Ford and Howard Hawks .
Wind River fails to clear the incredibly high bar set by -LSB- Sheridan 's -RSB- previous films .
Something in Wind River brings out the absolute best in -LSB- Jeremy -RSB- Renner - his multi-faceted brilliance , if you will
It 's an often heartbreaking and bleak movie that is more concerned with emotional vibrancy than fancy filmmaking , and it shares a message that will be difficult to forget .
Powerful , visually spectacular , action-packed murder mystery .
In the end , the sound of gunfire drowns out the cries of characters whose lot in life seems to demand that they find ways to bear the unbearable .
At a deep and icy level , Wind River is about power ... There 's something else going on here , and white masculinity is at its heart . The movie that can wring catharsis out of that will be a long time coming .
Gil Birmingham is especially good , but Jeremy Renner has rarely been better , and Elizabeth Olsen continues to impress .
Renner , particularly , is terrific as a man who knows his job -- and the vast territory -- inside and out , but remains reluctant to get too involved due to some deep-seated family history of his own .
Wind River addresses both an inner and outer American wilderness , with a sobering look at Native American issues in the process .
Especially notable is -LSB- Gil -RSB- Birmingham . The actor is 64 . Is that too late to be considered a breakout star ?
It might not get as much Oscar attention as his previous films , but it will still add to his luster .
With Wind River , screenwriter and now director Taylor Sheridan completes a trifecta of deeply layered , character-driven neo-Western crime dramas , and one that tops the other two .
Bundle up : `` Wind River '' will blow you away .
`` Wind River '' is a visually spectacular , contemporary Indian reservation whodunit set in Wyoming .
-LSB- Wind River -RSB- is still a film worth seeing-as , one hopes , will be whatever films lie in Sheridan 's promising future .
His -LSB- Taylor Sheridan 's -RSB- first directing effort does n't rise to the level of those other two movies , but it 's solid genre entertainment all the same .
Wind River was one of the best movies I saw at Sundance . Seven months later , it 's one of the best movies I 've seen in 2017 .
-LSB- Taylor -RSB- Sheridan paints a searing picture of life on society 's margins - people who live with ` silence and snow ' and not much else .
Wind River has all the right elements of a great crime drama . But it has much more -- a gut-wrenching big heart .
Even on a hot night , audiences might find themselves shivering at this movie .
The combination of character , setting and weave makes well-known tropes fresh and new .
The pace was breakneck in Sheridan 's previous thrillers , but in this whodunit the mood is more ruminative and the dialogue is portentous .
-LSB- Wind River -RSB- is a mystery that excels as a statement of government indifference to the people it 's supposed to help - in this case Native Americans .
Sheridan 's screenplay provides plenty of thumbnail portraits of colorful characters .
Sheridan again proves himself sensitive to the lives of people who are too often forgotten by society , while building an engrossing , suspenseful genre story around them .
Wind River is so good , is it fair to wish it were even better ?
... when a film centres its plot around a radicalised socio-political problem but still focuses almost exclusively on white protagonists , its ability to provide an in-depth look at these issues is further diminished .
The vista is widescreen and so is the deprivation : boarded-up trailers that are barely habitable and bodies laid out in the snow , surrendered to the elements , feature prominently .
While it is satisfying to see retribution on those involved in the assault , there is an underlying emptiness to the conclusion .
Sheridan 's characters , are n't by nature transgressive . But , this is the world in which they 've found themseves . They 're in circumstances that force them to hover over the cracks in the moral universe .
Wind River is ostensibly a tense crime thriller but it 's much more effective as a film about an unforgiving place and the people forced to contend with its natural brutality .
Sheridan 's script sometimes feels just a touch talky , yet it 's what Wind River lacks that makes it so strong .
If nothing to write home about , it 's still not awful . You could catch this on HBO and be pretty impressed .
Sheridan has professed admiration for Clint Eastwood 's towering anti-Western `` Unforgiven '' and dark-night-of-the-soul dramas from Michael Mann . Both are reference points for his adept mix of masculine posturing and wounded soul-searching .
Wind River marks the moment Taylor Sheridan delivered as a big-time Hollywood director . And boy , does he deliver !
The cause is just and the ambition is admirable , but the result is middling in both the writing and directing departments .
From the writer of Hell or High Water comes this summer Western noir sleeper . Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen as a U.S. Fish and Wild Life officer and an F.B.I. agent . Based on a true story . See it .
... a stylish and suspenseful thriller that benefits as much from its evocative wintry landscapes as from its strong performances and its layered murder mystery .
For all the character studies and moments of reflection and lament , Wind River never loses its identity as a gritty thriller .
Politics aside ... it 's also just a really effective crime thriller .
It 's when -LSB- the film 's -RSB- mystery comes down to its inevitably messy humanity that the film struggles most conspicuously .
Wind River is a powerful examination of the human soul , while also containing scenes that 'll take your breath away , as it shocks and awes the audience in waves .
A gratifyingly solid movie for grown-ups .
With 2017 's Wind River , -LSB- Taylor -RSB- Sheridan demonstrates he 's just as adept at directing as he is at weaving a complex tale on a page .
Taylor Sheridan is a very good writer with potential to be a great one if he ever learns when to put the pencil down .
`` River '' might look familiar , but it is a superior example of an emerging crime genre set in flyover country .
The film reveals its twists slowly but surely , with Sheridan confident that his lead heroes will keep you captivated as he breaks his story down .
A by-the-numbers police procedural lifted by terrific central performances by Elizabeth Olsen and especially Jeremy Renner , who looks very much at home punching his way against the elements .
It 's the subject matter that chills the most , from the opening scene of violence on a frost-encrusted Indigenous reservation to a harrowing end title about missing Native American women that hits close to home .
This is not thriller that raises social awareness ; it 's another white savior fantasy , just in the package of a grim procedural .
Lambert 's three-dimensionality elevates Wind River above the norms of the traditional crime movie so that , in addition to delivering the expected tropes , it provides a richer , more fulfilling experience .
A great sombre thriller that circles you like a pack of wolves before it pounces .
Provides all the virtues of a good , grim story well told , while also trusting the audience to fill in the intentional emotional blanks . In Sheridan 's growing body of work , nobody gets off easy .
Everything that sets this story apart from a familiar murder mystery is unceremoniously tossed aside once the mystery comes together ...
Renner mines depths he has n't approached since The Hurt Locker , and , similar to that film , creates a simple man with complex layers
An auspicious directorial debut for writer/director Taylor Sheridan ...
A taut , brooding procedural with a compelling central character and a startlingly real setting .
Wind River shows us how the isolation and abandonment of Native Americans have created an inhospitable climate .
Sheridan forms solid drama from the battle between community law and the feral law of the frontier . Piling bodies everywhere as it approaches its climax , `` Wind River '' is a new chapter in that endless battle .
`` Wind River '' is worth seeing if only to see Renner in the kind of starring role he so richly deserves and , with luck , will continue to find .
In the end , it 's these performances , the unforgiving landscape , and the jagged social milieu that stick with the viewer rather than the story itself .
Taylor Sheridan is a talented storyteller who 's starting to seem like a bit of a meathead . This is a beautiful movie with some ugly impulses .
The still-ruinous treatment of Native Americans hangs over the movie like one of those immense storm clouds . `` Wind River '' is as much about mourning as murder .
As with all of the films he writes , Sheridan takes us to places that are foreign to many of us , yet immerses us so deeply into the sense of place that everything feels familiar , recognizable .
Fatalistic , somber and shocking .
`` Wind River '' is roughly 50 percent strengths , 50 percent contrivances . Often they collide in the same scene .
Sheridan is a damn good screenwriter . He wraps rich character studies in genre . All three -LSB- of his produced feature scripts -RSB- feature guns , but they also feature human beings ... -LSB- and here -RSB- some of the best Native American actors in the business .
There 's strong aspects and promising signs for Taylor Sheridan , but it does n't reach the high bar already set by his very best work . I 'm still looking forward to seeing what he develops next .
Wind River is fine , and occasionally better than fine .
Sheridan excels at simple turns of phrase and leading us into a rat 's nest of violence .
Sheridan 's genre instincts get the best of him , and Wind River gives way to lurid exploitation .
A solid mystery thriller .
Actor-turned-screenwriter Taylor Sheridan makes his directorial debut with this smart , solid crime movie that , while not without its flaws , makes excellent use of open spaces and haunting quiet .
Wind River is a decent , if flawed , directorial effort from Sheridan that showcases his strength as an actors ' director , more than as a writer .
Rich in outdoor adventure , ` Wind River ' overflows with tense drama .
Wind River is an impressive effort and an impressive result that opens up a world that most of us have never thought about and renders it with sorrow and vividness .
Sheridan , the screenwriter behind `` Sicario '' and `` Hell or High Water , '' writes dialogue that 's lean yet rich , and gives the actors time to let their words hang in that cold air .
There is violence , revenge and just desserts served -LRB- in a very satisfying way for the viewer -RRB- . But , so is justice served and that is what `` Wind River '' is about .
Renner and Olsen , no one 's favourite Avengers , make for an appealing team here .
Taylor Sheridan has an auspicious directorial debut with the riveting Wind River .
-LSB- Sheridan 's -RSB- storytelling is meaty but efficient , and his pacing moves along at a steadily engrossing clip .
In Wind River , you 'll be forced to watch , and you 'll be forced to listen . After all , as extreme and disturbing as the events depicted in Wind River are , they 're not fantastical .
You learn to look for tracks and clues ; it 's a film that makes you a better viewer .
-LSB- Wind River -RSB- is one terrific , offbeat and heart-pounding thriller .
Wind River is a gritty murder mystery layered with a social conscience .
Tense , violent , well-staged , and suspenseful , Wind River is that rare bird nowadays : a good story well told .
Wind River provides all of the essentials of an exciting thriller while calling attention to an unspoken problem in need of addressing .
The core story is swallowed up by a series of increasingly outlandish plot devices involving drug runners and Tarantino-esque shootouts .
The set-up in which an outside investigator is sent to an inhospitable location to solve a murder is n't new , but Sheridan brings a welcome freshness to the concept .
With Wind River , Taylor Sheridan brings a kind of `` American Tragedy '' crime trilogy to a successful close .
The mood is tense , the characters are well-drawn and director-screenwriter Taylor Sheridan has crafted some of the best dialogue of any movie this year .
Directorial debut of ` Sicario ' screenwriter Taylor Sheridan turns the story of a tracker , a Fed and a dead Native-American girl into a sharp social commentary that knocks you for a loop .
This tense , convincing independent film is the most accomplished violent thriller in quite some time .
An actor before he was a screenwriter , Mr. Sheridan clearly spent a lot of his time learning about filmmaking on movie sets ; his direction is assured throughout .
Wind River is a good movie , and very nearly an excellent one .
The homicide provides the pretext for the plot -- suddenly Cory , the game tracker , is tracking a human killer . But the subtext , and a powerful one , is grief , and living with it , if not getting through it
For all its well-worn outlines , the narrative exerts its own fierce , clenched-jaw grip : a cautionary campfire tale that reminds us it 's not merely the end that matters , it 's the style and skill of the telling .
Cheap , ugly exploitation .
One of the luring points to Sheridan 's mysterious tale is the impeccable and moving work of Jeremy Renner , who delivers his finest performance since `` The Town . ''
Long after the gunshots of Wind River fade , you might think you hear the cries of the dead .
Wind River -LSB- is -RSB- a cold-case thriller that chills to the bone .
For Taylor Sheridan , the West is still alive with frontier tragedies and genre thrills , even if hopelessness has moved in and blanketed the land .
Satisfying , though ultimately forgettable .
A chilly air of isolation and desperation pervades the thriller Wind River , Taylor Sheridan 's new directorial effort that proves he 's more than an exceptional writer .
How nice to see Avengers Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen working together and acting heroically without all those wonderful toys .
The themes of this story include cultures , family , retribution and the essentials of survival in the wilderness , even if that is within a helicopter ride of urban life .
Taylor Sheridan 's greatest skill as a screenwriter and now director is to create a tangible sense of place and immerse us into its reality along with his skillfully crafted characters . In other words , he can spin a good tale .
Sheridan makes an impressive directorial debut helming one of his own scripts . Wind River is a contemporary crime story with the flavour of a classic western , taking place in the snowy wastes of an Indian Reservation in Wyoming in winter .
When Taylor Sheridan is left to his own devices , his work seems more abrupt and shallow , no more so than when he resolves all of this film 's lingering questions in one unremittingly nasty sideswipe of a flashback .
Despite some clumsy flaws , Sheridan 's stories have a somber gravitational pull . And with Wind River , he shows that he can probably handle them himself from now on .
A character driven , perfectly paced , and deeply felt crime thriller .
A film that is built on a solid plot that makes it enjoyable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's something to be said for a well-crafted motion picture , cinematically astute , that demands that we sit down and pay attention for a solid two hours or so , with no intermittent fridge runs .
Even with its imperfections , it 's a solid and promising debut behind the camera . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A stimulating proposal that walks with its own personality between the western codes and the thriller . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wind River is a film about this landscape 's hard indifference towards all who trudge across it - and Sheridan 's beady , inquisitive script scrutinises all its characters ' credentials in turn .
The film is well-served by its genre action sequences but it 's the traces of grief that linger longest , like footsteps in the snow .
Wind River is a beautiful re-creation of the restrained and powerful thrillers of a bygone era .
Definitely has a Hell or High Water vibe . It 's a bit more deliberately paced , since there 's no series of bank robberies to pepper the movie , but it 's a solid script and directorial debut for Taylor Sheridan .
With this , his third produced feature , Sheridan 's limitations are starting to show ; I found myself finally understanding some of the complaints I 'd brushed off regarding ` Sicario ' and ` Hell or High Water . ' But when it works , it really works .
A suspenseful and dark revenge tale .
An engaging thriller , anchored by a strong sense of place -LRB- becoming a Sheridan specialty -RRB- and a great performance from Jeremy Renner .
Better than the lion 's share of action films and crime procedurals on film and television . The violence , in particular , is special .
Sheridan 's distinct artistry of dialogue is sorely missing .
This bitter , visceral , and almost parodically intense thriller knows what it takes to survive .
The under-developed screenplay and general ordinariness of the journey prove that Sheridan has a few more belt notches to go before he lives up to his gritty promise . When he does , we 're in for something incredible .
The filmmaker 's gift for procedural and environmental detail still shines brightly through the pulpy crime fiction , this time indebted a little less to Cormac McCarthy 's existential brand of the stuff .
Wind River is a thrilling and deep meditation on life . Jeremy Renner gives a career best performance .
The rhythm between violence and cultural reflection is where Sheridan continues to make his mark
It 's no Thunderheart .
Intense and impactful , Wind River is a truly remarkable debut from a writer who has established himself in short order as a true talent to follow closely .
A superior thriller distinguished by a strong premise , superb action and one of star Jeremy Renner 's best ever performances .
Combustible , masculine and tense , it demonstrates both that Sheridan can direct with ease and that his written work is eminently filmable .
If ` Wind River ' is the last time Sheridan explores the American frontier in a modern context , it 's a worthy closing chapter to his trilogy .
For the work of a first-time director , Wind River feels oddly familiar .
A strong directorial debut .
Taylor Sheridan pares his story and characters down to their barest essentials , making a movie that comes off sometimes as slight , but which ultimately delivers the goods for those who like smart takes on life-or-death macho adventure .
Sheridan wants us to know these people , this terrain , to feel the bite of the cold and the lonely sting of their lives .

@highlight

Wind River lures viewers into a character-driven mystery with smart writing , a strong cast , and a skillfully rendered setting that delivers the bitter chill promised by its title .