Watching Hitchcock pitch his story to the press and bicker with executives and censors is amusing and sobering at the same time ,
Anyone wanting to learn about the real Hitchcock will be disappointed - although Hopkins does get a gold star for a tongue-in-cheek impersonation of Alfred .
... Hitchcock blends fact , rumour , conjecture , fantasy , fiction , pop psychoanalysis and sheer screenwriting laziness into a gaudy , risible mishmash .
If Hitchcock himself was alive today , he 'd undoubtedly turn his nose up .
The cod-psychologising is a little clunky but -LSB- Helen -RSB- Mirren 's Mrs Hitch is inspiringly ballsy - with a dollop of the vulnerability that made you sob in The Queen .
The portrayal of Hitchcock is the obvious centerpiece , and while Anthony Hopkin 's temperament is not quite lugubrious or phlegmatic enough , we eventually see past it .
The pleasure of Hitchcock comes in large part from the sparring between Mirren and Hopkins . As you 'd expect , they 're a class act , delivering the old married couple routine with conviction and plenty of humour .
It 's rare for a biopic to deliver so little insight into its subject .
Wallows in fat jokes and wink-wink nudge-nudge references that anybody with even a passing knowledge of cinema history will find eye-rollingly obvious .
Without Helen Mirren , James D'Arcy and a few interesting scenes , this flat , lifeless exploration of Alfred Hitchcock 's making of `` Psycho '' lacks depth or a suitable anchor .
There are a multitude of sordidly fascinating directions a biopic on Alfred Hitchcock could take . So , when Sacha Gervasi 's flat and frothy Hitchcock concludes , it 's inevitably frustrating to find this film takes such a conventional path .
A movie about the late great director poses a question too great to ignore : how does one truly capture the idea of Hitchcock in a span of only 99 minutes ? The answer is you ca n't , and here is a movie that , thankfully , knows that .
If you can disregard your desire for authenticity and scrupulous historical accuracy , this is light fun with a sweet relationship at the center of it .
The movie hits the beats , but lacks depth .
... a slight , forgettable movie . Sometimes that 's enough .
The Cook/Reville subplot is pretty standard stuff , so the movie is pretty lopsided , but the behind-the-scenes stuff surrounding Psycho is very compelling , even if it 's not 100 percent true .
A half-hearted , clunky stab at psychodrama .
Hopkins ' performance makes `` Hitchcock '' as much fun as one of the old episodes from `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents . ''
Alternatively devilish , wry , soulful , and witty , Hitchcock presents a singing celebration of one of cinema 's great unsung collaborations
All we mostly get to see is the sad , silent contemplation of an old , weary , prosthetically constructed man
Occasional flair and an A-list cast are simply not enough to carry this erratic origins story .
With Hitchcock , Gervasi , maker of beguiling rock documentary Anvil , has come up with a breezy entertainment rather than an in-depth biopic . You wo n't find any real insights into Hitchcock 's filmmaking process or his psyche .
Hitchcock is both polished and crude , its accurate research not matched by original insight .
Here 's a film fact you should tell your friends : Alfred Hitchcock was given his first directing job by ... a Brummie .
`` A nice , clean , nasty piece of work '' is how Hopkins ' stand-in describes the superior film within the film . Gervasi 's movie is just nice and clean and that 's not nearly Hitchcockian enough for a film that carries the name .
I 'm not really sure what the point of the movie is beyond giving Alma her rightful place in film history and putting her over-praised hubby back in his place - if what the picture depicts is true .
Despite amusing moments and a sprinkling of catnip for film buffs , Hitchcock is disappointingly inconsequential .
What Gervasi and his scriptwriter John McLaughlin bring to the table are banality and predictability , quintessentially non-Hitchcockian qualities .
What could have been an intriguing look at how Alfred Hitchcock created one of his most iconic masterpieces is instead turned into a gently entertaining romp .
Hitchcock remains an enjoyable film . A film about Hitchcock this may be , but not necessarily a film for Hitchcock fans .
An enjoyable and humorous Hopkins and another wonderful performance from Mirren make this film quietly watchable .
A disappointing excursion into movie history .
Sacha Gervasi 's muddled but endearing biopic of/homage to The Master of Suspense .
Gervasi misses a fine opportunity , wasting the acting talent he has assembled with a disappointingly ordinary film about an extraordinary man making one of cinema 's most exceptional movies .
Unlike Hitchcock 's work , it fades from memory almost immediately .
This sentimental , lightweight biopic is more concerned with the childish passive-aggressiveness of Hitchcock 's marriage than the inner-workings of his artistic mind .
Hitchcock once said `` Drama is life with the dull parts left out '' , ironic then that this Hitchcock movie is a stuffy succession of extremely dull scenes .
Anthony Hopkins dons the facial flab as Hitch , does the voice well enough and the portly-erect , pontifical stature better .
Give us more , you feel yourself groaning : if anyone can take it , it is an audience that has paid to see a film about Alfred Hitchcock .
Smartly directed and sharply written , this is an entertaining , emotionally engaging drama with a pair of tremendous performances from Anthony Hopkins and Helen Mirren .
Another excellent , less-than-flattering biopic of a Hollywood icon .
A surprisingly bright-and-breezy affair in which the action moves briskly and with no little humour .
Scatty , intriguing but slightly undercooked ...
Hitchcock happily displays its skeleton , but is lacking in the way of flesh . Not unlike Norman Bates 's mother .
Ultimately Hitchcock comes off as a glib film about a great film .
A bit rubbish , but enjoyable none the less .
Hitchcock for dummies : brisk , jolly , well-played but oversimplified .
Hitchcock is a film that constantly proclaims its importance but never lives up to it with a light , almost comical tone clashing against the myth of Hitchcock as a talented albeit troubled mind .
A breezy , lightweight account of the making of a classic . Some of the casting may be questionable , but in the end it 's the `` cattle '' who carry it .
The unalloyed joy of seeing one of the greatest actors of all time hamming it up as one of the greatest directors of all time is but one of the delights offered by this cheeky , deeply affectionate pic .
One big marriage counseling session set within the walls of the making of Psycho
This is Hitchcock for a tabloid audience : simplistic , judgemental , smug and pat . Rewatch the actual films instead .
Hitchcock 's playful yet slightly dark tone makes it an easy film to watch and the insight into Hitch the man will be a hoot for any fan of his work .
Many will leave the theatre with a smile on their face but in my eyes , Hitchcock focuses on the wrong characters and tries too hard to please .
... the movie 's on-the-nose vision of the man makes for an unsurprising narrative .
For anyone with even a passing interest in cinema , Hitchcock is a legendary figure and a story that purports to take us inside his private world and public life is irresistible
The film has an alluring voyeuristic feel about it , as we are invited into the professional as well as the private world of the Master of Suspense
Disappointingly flat . Hitchcock the man feels best left where he himself enjoyed being most : behind the camera .
A fanciful film buff 's delight , a grim yet glittery corner of Hollywood history given a `` Hollywood '' treatment . No , it 's not the literal truth , but as they 've said since John Ford 's day , `` When the legend becomes fact , print the legend . ''
Even a blind squirrel finds a nut once in a while .
Interesting - Not Great
The tone of the picture is often off-kilter throughout , but the subject matter and the performance of Helen Mirren as Alma go a long way toward forgiving the movie 's strange anomalies .
I enjoyed this inside look at how Psycho became Hitchcock 's biggest hit , but I ca n't imagine how anyone who has n't studied Hitchcock would find much of interest in it .
Unfortunately an illuminating bio-pic of one of cinema 's most enduring and celebrated figures is not what 's been delivered .
It is probably worth some time in a movie like this to show that Hitchcock had a life other than just making movies . This movie concentrates more on the man behind the movies than the mechanics of movie-making , and that is a defensible choice .
Highlighted by two strong leads and solid support work but hamstrung by a low-budget sense of period and some soapy dramatics .
Hopkins and Mirren take what could have been an ordinary film and elevate it to the status of one of the year 's best . Hitchcock would be proud .
Gervasi 's latest stretches the truth so frequently and so far it ends up less the story of the genius behind Psycho than a bunch of biographical hooey that 's for the birds .
remains frustratingly surface level in its aspirations , taking us through familiar Psycho-related trivia without ever making it truly come alive
The Ed Gein bits seem like pretentious filler , and a lot of Hitchcock feels padded , though it 's only 98 minutes .
Helen Mirren , playing opposite Anthony Hopkins , does the movie 's best acting work as Hitchcock 's right-hand woman .
Hitchcock is most engaging when concentrating on the nitty gritty of Psycho 's development , as opposed to the potboiler subplot involving his wife that leaves very little at stake .
By no means a game changer , or a masterpiece , but for light entertainment with some strong performances , this is highly suggested .
An accurate subtitle might be ` Dial M for Marriage . '
Mainstream telling of the making of Psycho is missing part of the story
Does n't cut deep enough
`` Hitchcock '' is fun to watch , but unlike `` Psycho , '' it scarcely draws blood .
While `` Hitchcock '' is a fascinating look behind the scenes at the making of one of the greatest suspense films ever made , there 's not really much insight to be found about Hitchcock himself .
Less of the domestic squabbling could have made Hitchcock a movie worthy of its namesake .
Think of it as a somewhat less stylish Ed Wood , only about people with actual talent , and you 'll be in the right ballpark .
A pleasant diversion .
While this might not be what we expect from a film about The Master of Suspense , it 's oddly a fun romp , with Helen Mirren eventually stealing the show .
A cinematic treat offering rare peeks behind the scenes and behind the closed doors of a legendary director and the love of his life .
Like an episode of Hitchcock 's TV show , HITCHCOCK is entertaining but not great art .
An alluring docudrama , with a sharp droll wit .
Sure , the ins and outs of Psycho behind the scenes is interesting for film fans . But beyond the initial ` gee whiz ' factor , the story itself plays a bit soft .
Beyond Anthony Hopkins ' droll impersonation of Hitch , the film rises from amusing bauble to full-throated and satisfying depiction of a great man and the unheralded woman who helped make him so .
Though `` Hitchcock '' provides little new insight into the man of its title , it is valuable for finally giving the woman behind the man her due .
Despite the Ed Gein and love story MacGuffins , ` Hitchcock ' makes for a ` good evening . '
While undeniably flawed , Hitchcock remains a breezy , entertaining show-biz tale .
Hitchcock borrows from Hitchcock , not so much challenging the mythology as reframing it
An appealing piece of fluff for movie buffs , and sometimes that 's just good enough .
This cinematic claptrap is often so risible that it 's no wonder I initially misread the name of the director , Sacha Gervasi , as Sacha Baron Cohen -- although I doubt even the helmer of Borat and Bruno could make a farce as outlandish as this movie .
With legendary actor Anthony Hopkins inhabiting the legendary director with a passion and excellence we have n't seen from him since his Hannibal Lecter days , he makes director Sacha Gervasi 's biopic a true holiday treat .
A great actor should not seem , but be . Mirren simply is , and she takes Hitchcock up a notch with every look and line .
The lovelorn Hitchcock of this film 's fantasies would be better off left on the cutting-room floor .
The movie spends too much time off the set of Psycho , where the real story was , and focuses instead on incidental matters that feel like outtakes .
It 's not the definitive biography diehards might be longing for , but it is an enjoyable lark that weaves fact and fiction , with a dash of old-Hollywood nostalgia thrown in .
Playing Hitchcock , Anthony Hopkins is a mountain of prosthetics . But his portrayal hits all the right , disturbingly quiet notes and the impersonation quickly settles into performance .
Some fun and interesting moments but without much real insight .
`` Hitchcock '' may be a muddled and shallow portrait of its actual title character , but it shines a much-deserved spotlight on the great woman behind this particular great man .
An overly literal idea of the brilliant director , but an entertaining visit to the set of a horror classic .
Hitchcock is at its best when not taking its subject seriously , when you can detect Hopkins ' tongue firmly jabbed into his phony cheeks .
The results are entertaining and capably acted , but true insight remains at arm 's length , despite a feature cooking up all sorts of ghoulish visions and barely concealed jealousies .
Filmed with lots of style and a macabre sense of humor the master himself would have enjoyed .
It 's easy to toss around words like disturbing , eerie , and violence when Hitchcock is involved , but , turns out , the film version of a portion of his life is enjoyable and surprisingly heartwarming .
The Hopkins fanboys are going to be much happier with the movie than just about anyone else , because frankly , there 's not much besides that to go on .
The film is more of a tale of artistic expression vs. the 1950s ' status quo , with Hitch , portrayed by Anthony Hopkins , pushing the boundaries of what is considered - and mandated - as good taste by the industry 's powers-that-be .
It 's tough work giving good face to an iconic role , yet Johansson manages to show Leigh as a thoughtful professional aware of the interpersonal booby-traps set by her director for his leading ladies .
Hopkins has been fitted out prosthetically to resemble Hitchcock and he does a reasonably good job of impersonating him , but it 's a foredoomed effort .
While `` Hitchcock '' has flaws aplenty , it is always engaging and a treat for movie nerds -LRB- guilty ! -RRB- , who are showered with winks and insights into the making of one of Hollywood 's seminal films .
`` Hitchcock '' marks the first time Hopkins and Mirren have appeared together on-screen , and it 's as fun to watch as you 'd imagine .
It 's not exactly a perfect marriage , but Hopkins and Mirren create a funny , exasperated chemistry .
Too much of the time `` Hitchcock '' plays cute and comfortable . It simply lacks weight .
It 's a well crafted , marvelously acted , fun piece of fluff . It may not be the best film of the year , but it 's certainly one of the most watchable , anchored by a stunning performance by Hopkins .
Hitchcock is more lighthearted and humorous in comparison to Psycho . Thanks to that and a really talented cast , Hitchcock is incredibly charming , funny , and intriguing .
`` Hitchcock '' is an amusing lark , but the clumsy way it dissects the director is for the birds .
Its ambitions are modest , its payoffs pleasant enough .
They could have subtitled it `` Dial M for Muddle . ''
Hopkins makes a wonderful Hitchcock .
Goes to the germ of the mystique .
You 'll learn lots more if you just watch the original `` Psycho '' again .
Reenactment cinema ... On balance , Hitchcock is about as entertaining and as trustworthy as a tabloid .
A love letter to the great director that turns his effort to make ` Psycho ' into ... a David-and-Goliath story in which David is a creative giant himself .
`` Hitchcock '' is , well , fun . More fun than good , really .
Mirren 's `` I am woman , hear me roar '' nuclear weapon-level unloading on her hubby is a contender for the strongest acting moment this year - time stops , jaws drop when she unleashes it .
Hopkins and Mirren catch every nuance of resentment , anger , affection , and emotional interdependence while at the same time creating the sort of wrenching emotional suspense that Hitch put into his films
Hitchcock once famously said that a good filmmaker should always `` always make the audience suffer as much as possible . '' I do n't think he meant the kind of suffering `` Hitchcock '' inflicts on its audience .
Entertaining biopic focuses on Hitch 's marriage and method .
Hopkins ' Hitch may not reveal inner demons . He 's entertaining , as is Mirren . It 's fun to watch them elevate a rosy assessment of a first-rate popular artist and the woman who never got the credit she deserved .
There 's something tonally off about the master of anxiety , neurosis and disquiet being depicted in a story this cozy .
What Hitchcock lacks in substance it makes up for with a bravo cast .
` Hitchcock ' a hoot thanks to killer cast
Gervasi 's workmanlike direction and the by-the-numbers storytelling do n't diminish the impact of a tale that , even in its bare outlines , is one for the ages .
Taking its title after the famous filmmaker 's surname and giving the making of Psycho itself limited lip service , the result is a Merchant Ivory experience for the wickedly cynical .
I genuinely ca n't figure out why `` Hitchcock '' was made or who its target audience might be , except that it gratifies our apparently universal appetite to believe that creative geniuses are hateful freaks .
... a terminally misbegotten endeavor ...
Hitchcock gets points for being more ambitious than your average tried-and-true Hollywood memoir - even if it 's only moderately successful in that task .
More thoroughly enjoyable performances than would fit into the Oscar slate . Sacha Gervasi smacks it over the fence .
Hitchcock offers juicy roles to two of the finest actors on the planet .
Alfred Hitchcock would probably be happy that he 's finally getting his close-up , but I do n't think he 'd be thrilled about the way it 's being framed .
I liked ` Anvil ' so much that I 've been curious to see what -LSB- director Sacha Gervasi -RSB- could do with a great script . And now , the wait continues .
Hitchcock is the kind of biopic that 's profoundly -- and almost proudly -- inauthentic in its presentation of history ,
Hitchcock may be taking liberties in its ideas about the director 's psyche , but it 's a genuinely entertaining movie .
A fascinating portrait of the marriage and creative partnership of Alfred Hitchcock and his talented wife Alma Reville .
Watching Hopkins and Mirren transform into these characters is a must-see . While the movie is far from perfect , these two actors are perfect .
A few hitches , but they do n't cock it up too much .
They make it all up , and it 's still boring .
A meaningful love note to a man , his obsessions , and the toll they took on those closest to him while the world watched in wonder .
Hitchcock is a stab in the dark . The film gets the suspense part of Alfred Hitchcock right , but for the wrong reasons .
An entertaining , economical and thoroughly enjoyable glimpse into a familiar artist 's creative process .
`` Hitchcock '' rings false from start to finish .
It 's fluff . But while its dim fantasies about Hitchcock and the association of genius with psychosis can be written off as silly , they also smack of spiteful jealousy .
Anthony Hopkins nails the look and sound of the director , but the film itself is uneven .
` Hitchcock ' would apply an indefensible happy ending-spin to allegations of ruining careers and harassment of his blondes .
While Mirren steals the show -LRB- what else is new ? -RRB- , Gervasi does an exceptional job of capturing the ambience of the era and location , and the cast is very good , this is still a bit slow .
... may not be a weighty take on its subject , but the script is full of well-earned laughs , including one of the best closing lines of the year .
A True Hollywood Story so cheeky and thin it makes My Week with Marilyn seem substantial .
You wo n't actually learn much about Alfred Hitchcock from Sacha Gervasi 's briskly superficial biopic . But you 'll enjoy the experience anyway .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film really finds its stride as an examination of passionate people fighting tooth-and-nail for their artistic satisfaction .
Trying to carve out a space between black comedy and straight evocation of a difficult but rewarding marriage , the movie never settles on a tone .
At his lowest , Hitch refers to an early edit of Psycho as `` stillborn . '' That description also applies to this film .
It 's all surface and formula .
Its protagonists turn out to be not especially interesting and the audience is not presented any convincing reason to care about what happens in their lives .
-LSB- Gervasi 's -RSB- Hitchcock goes only a step beyond caricature .
A pleasant but unambitious , small-scale biopic ...
about an old couple on the verge of decrepitude deciding to make a go of their marriage because they have no other choice . Yeah , it 's awful .
`` Hitchcock '' falls prey to its unfocused narrative intentions .
A vivid portrait of the artist and his process .
A diverting movie nostalgia trip full of Hollywood period atmosphere .
Maybe a little lightweight , but far superior to HBO 's THE GIRL . Hopkins , Johansson and especially James D'Arcy are uncanny . Mirren is great .
This slight biopic is n't as good as any of the master 's films , but it 's worth seeing for the performances by Anthony Hopkins and Helen Mirren .
Expect well-deserved Oscar nominations for both Anthony Hopkins and Helen Mirren .
The movie opens with a goofy sequence mimicking the TV show , so you know immediately that this will be as lightweight and undemanding a Hollywood fable as My Week With Marilyn .
A good-natured study in ... film-nerd humor .
Anthony Hopkins , superb actor although he is , would not seem to be an obvious choice to play Hitchcock , but I accepted him . His makeup job is transformative .
A motion picture for anyone who loves movies , revels in the art of filmmaking , and appreciates the special , one-of-a-kind , cathartic power of great horror cinema .
To watch Anthony Hopkins play Alfred Hitchcock is to experience an onscreen transformation that 's so complete , so comprehensive , it 's as if the real person has been revived .
One of the best movies of 2012 .
Pardon us , Mother Bates , may we borrow your knife ?
Sacha Gervasi 's broadly enjoyable pop-art biopic about Alfred Hitchcock and the making of Psycho ...
Hitchcock is a movie about bygone Hollywood that 's distinctly a product of Hollywood circa now .
Hopkins catches the essence of Hitchcock as artist and con man . And Mirren is stellar as his wife and secret weapon . The pleasure of their company adds sparkle to this unexpectedly poignant look at a career and a marriage .
-LSB- Gervasi 's -RSB- Hitch is a portly , naughty cutie-pie who delights in showing off crime-scene photos to his assembled luncheon guests . What a cutup ! Do n't you just want to hug him ?
-LSB- A -RSB- snappy adaptation of Stephen Rebello 's acclaimed nonfiction account Alfred Hitchcock and the Making of Psycho .
It 's Hopkins ' impersonation of the larger-than-life title figure that holds the movie together .
Feels unworthy of its stars ' -- and its subjects ' -- talents .
` Hitchcock ' is the ` JFK ' of movies about moviemaking , but at least Oliver Stone had the excuse of Jim Garrison 's `` findings '' to hang his loony fiction on .
The film seemed to want to put too much suspense and mystery into a story that just did n't have it ; but I 'll never complain for too long about being able to believe I 'm actually watching Alfred Hitchcock at work .
The story let me down from time to time ; it 's when we get to see the master work at his craft that `` Hitchcock '' delivers the most .
If `` Hitchcock '' ultimately feels inconsequential , it always aims to please , and for the most part , it does .
Captures a master filmmaker at the height of his powers - and the quirks that drove him ... a fascinating character study and a wonderfully entertaining inside show-biz story .
The sensational Helen Mirren sounds the war cry for all those unappreciated `` plus ones ''
If you 've ever seen Psycho , or even if you know anything at all about the film , Sacha Gervasi 's Hitchcock would like to congratulate you on your savvy .
Fine performances from Hopkins & Mirren elevate this solid , but TV movie-esque biopic of director Alfred Hitchcock .
Though uneven , there 's much to like about this entertaining portrait of a working marriage and marriage work , including Helen Mirren 's Oscar-caliber performance as the unsung heroine , Hitchcock 's devoted wife and crucial collaborator
Aside from a top performance from Helen Mirren as Hitchcock 's wife , the film is particularly intriguing for the way it shows the impact of a director 's private life on his work .
Hitchcock takes us through the struggle , travail , and rejections that faced Hitch as he tried to make a new kind of movie . We perhaps forget how revolutionary Psycho was in 1960 . No one had ever done what Hitchcock was attempting .
Clearly , the filmmakers are in the mood for fun and not worrying how accurate anything is .
Hitchcock offers almost zero insight into the peculiar workings of creative genius , or into the rich , taboo-shattering legacy of the film whose making it documents .
Hitchcock might be a work of fantasy and speculation as much as it is history and biography , but as an interpretation of a major talent 's inner life and imagination , it 's undeniably lively and provocative .
Anthony Hopkins ' thoroughly entertaining take on Hitchcock and his great scenes with Helen Mirren drive the movie enough that you should be able to enjoy it for that alone .
As the title implies , it focuses more on the master of suspense than his mastery .
This breezy but shallow biopic benefits from a droll turn by Anthony Hopkins , but the film wobbles badly when it tries to investigate Hitchcock 's psyche

@highlight

Though it suffers from tonal inconsistency and a lack of truly insightful retrospection , Hitchcock is elevated by inspired performances from its two distinguished leads .