The good news : Despite all the worries that this would be nothing more than an alt-right wet dream in which Bruce Willis guns down scores of blacks and Muslims , the film is actually restrained in such matters . The bad news : It still is n't very good .
Willis once epitomised the ordinary Joe pushed to extraordinary lengths , but has become such a hardened action veteran that his casting here misses the point entirely .
Someday -LSB- Eli -RSB- Roth will apply his horror-movie instincts to material that can make them sing , and he will make a classic . As it is , Death Wish is far better-wrought than it could have been , or deserved to be .
It 's a perfectly fine revenge thriller . Nothing special . Just adequate .
Aimed squarely at drunk uncles and alt-right fanboys across America , Death Wish is a film with truly toxic understandings of masculinity , justice and gun rights in America .
An immature , sophomoric male fantasy about solving all of life 's problems with a gun .
-LRB- The orignal ` Death Wish ' -RRB- at least illustrated the ugly internal and external consequences of such brutality . Eli Roth 's remake ... shows no such focus .
While Death Wish doubles as a commercial for the gun lobby , its alt-right posturing is undermined by its uneven , head-scratching tone .
It 's difficult to forgive a film which demonises the Chicago 's black and Hispanic population in order to allow a wealthy white guy to summarily execute them .
-LSB- Eli Roth 's -RSB- film works , but he misinterprets -LSB- Brian -RSB- Garfield in the same way that -LSB- Michael -RSB- Winner did . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Hey , it 's got Bruce Willis shooting a lot of bad guys - what 's not to like ? That said , in this era of the ubiquitous satnav , it will definitely make you think twice about valet parking .
A heavy-footed Bruce Willis in a drab action movie that stirs itself only for moments of blood-spurting violence .
This is a film too embarrassed to be what it is . And shorn of capes and costumes , vigilantism is pretty ugly .
Roth 's contemporary riff on the notorious 1974 thriller reaffirms its pulp fiction origins and puts the hardcore entertainment value back into the controversy of public paranoia over crime .
-LSB- Its -RSB- failure to explore the moral and political cements the movie in a quagmire of nihilistic pointlessness .
Roth 's vapid effort is unlikely to promote anything but yawns .
Just watch the original instead .
Released in America just two weeks after the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting , it barges into the gun control debate with a grim , pranksterish attitude , like a boorish stand-up comedian grabbing the mike at a state funeral .
Short of bringing back a CGI image of a handsome young Charlton Heston over the closing credits , hollering about his cold , dead hands , it could n't be more of an NRA promotional event .
All this action become increasingly mind-numbing and repetitive .
` Death Wish ' does n't live up to the original .
Without funk , filth or sleaze , the saga amounts to nothing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The kind of midnight hour action film that engrosses with its steady pace , over the top violence and Willis ' on key performance .
Shame on you , Bruce Willis .
This version lacks the occasional brilliant flashes of the first .
`` Death Wish '' breaks no new ground .
A lethargic Bruce Willis steps into the shoes of Bronson with all the enthusiasm of someone who may have taken the role only because a beloved household pet is being held hostage by the filmmakers .
The result is a satisfying melodrama .
... while screenwriter Joe Carnahan -LRB- TV 's The Black List , Smoking Aces -RRB- tries to inject some kind of debate about Kersey 's actions into the story , director Roth decides to go more grand guignol the longer the story goes on .
... Death Wish is a film that not only arrives at a bad time , but is inevitably associated with the apology of violence and justice by one 's own hand . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Death wish is such a silly fantasy that it 's impossible for it to offend or be taken very seriously . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The villains of the film lack substance . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This movie feels like an old-school action movie and that 's its purpose . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
What to do with this tepid , ill-timed , trigger-happy thriller ? Bury it !
This should 've been fun . Alas , it most certainly is not .
he original Death Wish started a franchise ; but this new version will likely be remembered as an unfortunate remnant of political sentiment gone wrong .
Arguing the new Death Wish unreservedly supports the views of the gun-toting , ` by my cold dead hands ' American conservative would require at certain moments the viewer to close their eyes and block their ears .
Death Wish is as original as using AC/DC 's `` Back in Black '' during a training montage and then during the end credits . Which is what it does .
... does n't commit itself fully as either an examination of violence in contemporary culture or as a badass revenge thriller filled with street justice and macho posturing .
... the movie is badly edited and has a cringe-worthy plot line , with Bruce Willis sleepwalking his way through the film .
... it is fair to say that the remake is as decent as it is practically dispensable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a wasted opportunity : the 2018 version does not add anything to the story of the successful professional whose family is destroyed in a home robbery and discovers that the best way to grieve is to become a vigilante . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Entertaining and amusing and charming in its refusal to dismiss the cathartic nature of retributive violence .
`` Death Wish '' is a pleasant surprise on many levels .
The new Death Wish is unlikely to spark similar controversy , simply because the filmmaking is not as compelling as in the original film . Most probably , it will fade from the screen as forgettably as its enervated lead performance by Bruce Willis .
Death Wish is woefully generic fare that 's tonally confused in its storytelling , bland in its direction , and does n't bring much new to the table .
While vigilante justice looks good in superhero movies , which have their own timeline , universe and villains , setting up such a film in the so-called ` murder capital ' of America , Chicago , smacks of bad taste and a lack of common sense .
I would call Death Wish insensitive , but that would be an insult to people born without senses .
... -LSB- director Eli Roth -RSB- does n't succeed in getting us invested in his hero 's crusade or really in anything on-screen .
... embraces the gleefully grotesque , cartoonish excesses of its genre , and comes out well ahead on points .
Morally indefensible , yet I ca n't deny how much I enjoyed it
It 's a mindless , conscienceless thriller on auto-pilot .
Willis ' casting is crucial ... because Roth 's coldly calculated if simple-minded thriller exists in a 80s action-movie world totally tone-deaf in today 's climate .
While the story is straightforward , it also tends to be predictable and does n't keep you engaged throughout ... the emotional connect is sketchy and the action sequences seem sluggish at best . Roth does n't have a robust script to begin with .
There 's not a single memorable action scene . It 's a mish mash of tones filled with wooden performances , a very boring lead character and no clear cut villain .
Now is not the time to bring out a film that is positive about vigilantism and vengeance down the barrel of a gun . Beside all that , it just is not a very good film .
The story is still compelling but Bruce Willis and Director Eli Roth do not add anything to it . The old cocky , charming Bruce is nowhere in sight .
As expected , the film is as tone deaf as expected , but so much else is wrong with it that audiences may be too busy laughing to notice .
`` Death Wish '' is a catechism for an audience terrified that their firepower and their influence are dwindling .
`` You 'd think such a morally repugnant gun-nut masturbation fantasy would at least be worth getting worked up about , but the movie 's so lugubrious and wheezy it 's almost pitiable . ''
Death Wish is weightless enough to be intermittently fun , and fun , no matter how mittent , is an underrated cinematic quality .
In that limited sense , `` Death Wish '' is a success , albeit one that action fans should wait to see on Netflix .
Death Wish turns out to be a clunker with a single gear and a grinding transmission , but it 's still a Bruce Willis movie .
There is no good time for a movie like Death Wish .
As unnecessary remakes go , this one has a strange pull . Willis is giving a genuine performance in the middle of all the carnage , building fine moments opposite Vincent D'Onofrio .
Rather than acting as social commentary , the remake merely exploits the overarching theme of crime and punishment to unleash more violence and death .
I 'm not sure we ever needed a Death Wish reboot , but we sure as hell do n't need one now .
An abomination , and the favorite movie of the year for people who like to say , `` But what about black-on-black crime in Chicago ? ''
Death Wish makes a mild show of being even-handed , but all its anti-gun arguments are blanks .
... a fairly refreshing return to the sort of brutal fare that was once commonplace within multiplexes .
The film cranks up the audience with little jokes and references , and gets the audience cheering for the Grim Reaper before they even realize what they 're cheering for -- and therein lies the problem .
He 's not remaking Death Wish . He 's making what he thinks a person in 1974 , sitting in a Forty-Deuce grindhouse theater , would have seen in their mind while watching it ...
Director Eli Roth 's remake of the 1974 Charles Bronson movie -LRB- both based on Brian Garfields ' novel -RRB- is not only awful , it 's also incredibly thoughtless , with a brutish , simpleminded argument .
Death Wish deserves a quick demise .
-LSB- Bruce Willis ' -RSB- performance , which resembles sleepwalking , might be charitably called minimalism taken to extremes .
As in the Bronson series , the new Death Wish is devoid of nuance , feigning `` debate '' -LRB- via talk radio sound bites -RRB- while depicting everything in figurative , and often literal , black and white terms .
A tepid remake of an already dubiously executed movie that inexplicably does n't even double-down on those elements that would best antagonize its critics to make for something , well , if not gleefully irresponsible , at the very least memorable .
Death Wish is no different than a standard , bloody action flick . Some parts are devastating , others funny , but the overall film lacks the punch of the original .
Bruce Willis sleepwalks through this simple remake that lacks the ambiguity that made the original so interesting . More like one of the cheap sequels .
It 's fair to ask what new things Eli Roth and Bruce Willis bring to Death Wish that the original , made in 1974 with Charles Bronson , did n't have . The answer is : not many .
-LSB- I -RSB- n the end it 's just another macho fantasy about `` good guys '' with guns .
Vigilante dad rock .
By polishing the edges off , `` Death Wish -LRB- 2018 -RRB- '' fails to distinguish itself . It 's just another revenge tale , where the deafening sound of gunfire neatly ties up all the loose ends .
This remake of the 1974 Charles Bronson vehicle ... is not only irresponsible , it 's just plain ridiculous , Joe Carnahan 's screenplay and Eli ` torture porn ' Roth 's direction implying both a satirization and glorification of American gun culture .
Death Wish is a poorly timed rebuttal . And a pretty lousy one at that .
Surprisingly , Roth 's film has more in common with `` RoboCop '' than Winner 's original , but in chasing after that level of prestigious trash , this version of `` Death Wish '' sets itself up for lofty goals that it ca n't quite achieve .
By most metrics , this Death Wish is a better movie than the first one .
It asks nothing , and offers only the blanket assertion that feelings of masculine inadequacy - `` The most important thing a man can do is protect his family , and I failed , '' Willis declaims - can be obviated ballistically .
If you can divorce your knowledge of the real world from this fictionalized telling , however , you can have fun with this
Bloody and violent , but also carries with it an emotional enough core to make the controversial question it poses -- Is vigilante justice ever morally warranted ? -- worth asking .
You wo n't see a more subversive movie in our woke age this year ... or maybe next .
An old man 's movie , made for even older men -- impotent , angry ones .
There 's something distinctly odious about a storyteller exploiting both a city 's tragic reality and a country 's debate about firearms to make a film that thrives on violence .
Bruce Willis is a interesting replacement for Bronson , and the rest of the cast is quite good as well .
Death Wish is so misguided it 's somehow less subtle than The Boondock Saints .
Death Wish is an NRA member 's wet dream , a perfect film for the America that only exists in the poisoned imagination of the pathetic would-be bully in the White House .
Now is such a terrible time to release a movie about a white vigilante `` taking out the trash '' that I expected it to justify its existence somehow . It never did . If anything it 's * less * satirical than the original .
Again and again , Death Wish feels anything but real .
Willis , who was once a formidable action star , is performing `` Die Hard With an Ambien '' as he exhibits zero emotion and mutters under his breath like an accountant who 's upset with his boss .
I took it as a sign I do not ever want to pick up a gun and go vigilante . I hope that 's what everybody else gets too .
Eli Roth does gore torture , his forte is not the emotional weight of loss . So , when this movie tries to portray that , it comes off as awkward .
This is a wish-fulfillment fantasy the NRA will celebrate - and that 's what 's truly disturbing .
Unlike the original Death Wish where violence ruins everything it touches , in the remake , it 's a cure-all . Happiness is only a semi-automatic away .
It 's very obvious that Roth does n't really care about the film 's political baggage - he just wants an excuse to have Bruce Willis shoot battery acid into a guy 's sciatic nerve and watch the blood .
There was a rawness in the original , with the brutality of the attack on the hero 's family being shockingly graphic . In the remake , the edges have all been smoothed off .
It 's the absolute wrong movie at the absolute wrong time .
To criticize Death Wish for its indelicate timing would be to suggest that there might ever be an appropriate moment to see it .
The film , much like Willis ' performance , never flatlines , but it never delivers the thrills you expect from this type of genre piece .
At a time when Americans are constantly bombarded with reports of unpunished police brutality , the film suggests that the true problem with justice in our country is that law enforcement is n't violent enough .
Death Wish -- the 2018 version -- is riddled with more plot holes than bullet holes .
However this Death Wish came to be shall remain a mystery . Just as no one will ever truly know why Willis jumped aboard , or who thought his participation was a good idea .
Panders to the audience 's fears and fantasies as much as the first movie did , but does so with a cynical grin on its face .
Chicago : the city that works . It 's capable of redemption , we 're told , if the right Dr. Kill-Dare comes along to clean up the carnage the American way : more carnage .
Willis is a worthy replacement for Bronson , and it can be safely said : This new movie is way better than all the `` Death Wish '' sequels that Bronson kept churning out , the last when he was 72 .
There 's no tension , no sense of consequence . It 's all just raw vicarious fantasy for minds I 'd rather not have at my Thanksgiving table .
Because Willis is mentally working out his grocery list during the performance , the critical arc of pacifist-to-maniac is missing , leaving the feature pointless .
Though armed with enough gore and pandering violence to enjoy some success with moviegoers who have n't yet been burned by star Bruce Willis ' many recent flops , this generic attempt at a franchise reboot deserves to be killed .
Roth and Carnahan do an OK job updating Death Wish , combining the horror elements -LRB- and torture porn -RRB- that is Roth 's stock in trade with the gallows humour that is Carnahan 's .
Roth knows how to stage violence . He just does n't have anything to say about it . Or any reason to have made this .
Death Wish takes the serious topic of vigilante violence and reduces it to melodramatic hero worship , and it 's not even particularly good at that . The action is forgettable and the plot barely holds together .
An imbecilic misfire .
`` Death Wish , '' make no mistake , is a movie that has its heart in the wrong place .
Ironically , a film about a guy with guts does n't have any itself .
Guns , for all their destruction , are a wussy , arm 's - length way to exact vengeance , and Dr. Kersey seems like a video game avatar . Roth , whose films earned the `` torture porn '' label , could have plunged much deeper into the theme of a blood debt .
John Wick had athletic style to go with its operatic brutality . The rebooted Death Wish is a box-checked order form .
Eli Roth 's ultraviolent revenge trip adds nothing worthwhile to the gun laws conversation ... it chooses to exploit the situation for the sake of violence and macho entertainment . Just roll with the throwback 80 's action vibe and mindless carnage
This movie , a remake of the 1974 Charles Bronson film of the same name , is bad . But it 's not the type of bad that 's enjoyable or comedic - it takes itself too seriously for that .
There are a hundred things wrong with `` Death Wish , '' but the biggest is that the wrong man is starring in it .
I preferred Charles Bronson and his sock full of quarters .
There 's an adequate enough action to satisfy , but overall it 's all been done before and better with Michael Winner 's 1974 Charles Bronson-starring film .

@highlight

Death Wish is little more than a rote retelling that lacks the grit and conviction of the original -- and also suffers from spectacularly bad timing .