Does n't seem interested in offering anything new or building on an already well-established mythology .
Paranormal Activity has lapsed into self-parody .
There 's some fun to be had , but we 've officially reached the `` for fans only '' stage of this particular horror franchise .
Paranormal Activity 4 is arguably the weakest entry in the series , but if one still gets their kicks out of these films then that probably wo n't mean all that much .
Too bad it nearly falls apart in the end , undone by what must have been poor editing choices .
Instead of the mystery of the known , we spend half our time trying to figure out who in the hell we 're supposed to be looking at .
The dread that should be smothering is merely an intermittent itch .
The fourth entry in the hugely successful film series just ca n't match the others in the nightmare-making department .
Paranormal Activity 4 is the worst of the series and one of the worst horror films ever made . It 's bloated , drawn-out and has no idea how to provide a single scare .
A lack of originality does hold the film back , but with decent work behind the camera and a breakneck finale , Paranormal Activity 4 is still a solid watch if you 've an evening spare , or horror film night coming up .
It 's a strong and creepy expansion of the mythos , but one that could have used a lot more work in the story department .
The eerie inertia and starkness of the past films ' imagery are mostly gone here , and that style is what had set this series apart for me .
Little depth or subtext here . It 's tough to care about the fate of a generic , whitebread family and its blonde-in-distress living in an airless , gated-community Nevada . We 've seen the creepy kid and freaked-out teens in countless fear-fests before .
The chills are centered at the end of ` Paranormal Activity 4 . ' Even more creepy is the `` cute factor '' of little kids that permeates most of the movie . Although the franchise may be running out of steam , this segment is more than mediocre .
And , then there was four . `` Paranormal Activity 4 ″ is a sequel to the second film , not the third , and totally unnecessary , of course .
For the most part Paranormal Activity 4 is effective . It 's problem lies in originality . Needed was something more than the `` same old '' for this sequel to truly stand out .
The latest instalment in a franchise of cheaply made mass-marketed movies that have lined the pockets of producers who chanced upon the holy grail of license-to-print-money filmmaking .
The popularity of this reliable if repetitious franchise suggests that anxieties over the ubiquity and invasiveness of social media and its related technologies may trouble even the most enthusiastic members of the plugged-in generation -LRB- even teenagers -RRB- .
Kids teleconferencing on their stupid computers = NOT SCARY !
Anyone who 's seen the other entries can tell you this series has never been about the story . `` Paranormal Activity 4 ' proves this once again , and when you factor in the lazy writing and complete lack of scares , it easily earns the title of worst entry yet .
Unfortunately , this franchise has finally seemed to run its course . There are less quality scares , and now a story that almost does n't matter .
Orin Pelli 's original idea that we 'll keep wanting to pay good money to watch a digital clock ticking over has surely run its course now .
When the scares do come , they come fast and hard but , unfortunately , far too late .
A rickety old ride and no mistake , this instalment is for franchise fans only .
This franchise has run its course . Time to shut it down .
A sweet scary little night at the movies .
-LSB- Not -RSB- just a weaker movie than all three of its predecessors , it 's a movie that straight up does not work in any way .
People being pranked by some supernatural agency for about 75 minutes . For the last 10 minutes , said agency gets down to doing more than ringing the doorbell and running .
At this point , Katie is to the Paranormal Activity franchise what Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer is to Christmas .
We 're still seeing things through handheld devices and built-in laptop cameras , even though nobody seems interested in looking at the footage the cameras were supposedly recording .
Even for a something about supernatural shenanigans , this ending is embarrassing .
They could have called this Paranormal Inactivity .
The mood is often playful , with teases and fake-outs that are sometimes humorous and usually right before shocks . Violence is rare , quick and devoid of lingering close-ups .
Sequel lacks spirit . Will audiences pay to see the same no-budget fright film for the fourth time ?
Stale and derivative ...
`` Paranormal Activity 4 '' plays to people who are unwilling to think , do n't want to or actually ca n't engage a well-constructed and deep plot that delves beyond surface-level door slams and quick `` boo ! '' scare-and-jump scenes .
-LSB- A -RSB- daring formal experiment ... that seeks to answer the question : How far can we run this franchise into the ground before the rubes stop paying to be disappointed ?
Trotting out the same types of scares , the same plot structure and the same found-footage format gets less effective with each installment .
Paranormal Activity 4 adds just enough to the franchise to keep fans from completely dismissing it , hinting at a bigger and better sequel to -LRB- hopefully -RRB- wrap things up before the series overstays its generous welcome .
At a Thursday-night screening meant for the diehards , one man was loudly sawing logs by the 60-minute mark and the final `` shock '' stinger was met largely with laughter . Para-snore-mal activity , indeed .
... Shulman and Joost forget to bring the scary - that low frequency noise and telegraphed pop-up scares have worn as thin as a communal durex .
Alas , the elements that made -LSB- the original -RSB- so effective are all but ignored here
For all its digital gleam , PA4 is refreshingly old-fashioned from the jump-out-and-say-boo school , joyously employing a host of traditional horror movie tricks with consummate skill .
Sadly continues the series ' downslide , most drearily with a mid-film twist that enables the filmmakers to go about essentially remaking the second entry .
If this were n't my job , I do n't know if I 'd ever care about watching another movie in this franchise .
The increasingly convoluted attempts to tie everything together in one grand mythology seems to have been devised by and for the few people who liked all that druid crap in the later `` Halloween '' films .
The franchise has n't been drained of its effectiveness just yet . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The jig is up and the joke 's on us .
This fourth chapter is proof that the series has run out of ideas , it 's all been done , there 's nothing new to add , just pack up and go home .
Whether you attend the Paranormal Activity movies for the scares or the story , part 4 is a major step down .
There are at least a half-dozen or so decent jolts to be enjoyed over the film 's running time , but prepare for a long wait to actually get to them .
While Paranormal Activity 4 is a lesser film than its predecessors , it still delivers the shocking goods and ends with a frightening finale that promises much more to come .
Yuck . We are one step away from doing `` Paranormal Activity in Space . ''
It 's the franchise where families get terrorized , webcams set-up and it 's got one crazy demon that ca n't get enough of being on camera .
The mythology has deepened , largely to the negative , and the formula is as rigid as the fixins of a fast-food sandwich-tastes the same in every city . But the effects are eternally reliable .
Screenwriter Christopher Landon , along with co-directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman , make a truly lame attempt at establishing a supernatural mythology to explain all this ...
If you just want a few sharp jolts in a darkened theater , it definitely does n't wear out its welcome .
It 's all faint-by-numbers this time , without even a cool device like the low-tech fan cam from PA3 to interest us or really scare us .
In the end , though , you 'll start to wonder why we had to go through all this just to get right back to where we started . Which is exactly what happens .
All these tapes and memory cards filled with genuine proof of an evil presence , and the franchise has yet to cough up a single character ready to use the images intelligently .
PA4 is a simple re-hash from beginning to end
The kind of uninspired , entirely generic sequel that can sour an audience 's goodwill towards a franchise .
The Paranormal Activity series hits the wall hard with this ineffectual and frequently interminable entry ...
There is still activity , I regret to report , and none of it is of the normal variety .
The scares are hit-and-miss , but at least Alex and Ben are fun to hang out with .
The disappointment is how lame the demon-seed children are . I blame the filmmakers , not the kids , for that .
If you 're planning on seeing it solely to find out if this is finally the end of the series , here 's one spoiler this review will provide : no , it 's not .
as visceral a triumph as the latest installment is , it 's a logical disaster , which seemed inevitable for franchise that is trying to create a continuous mythology while making things up as it goes along .
Just as the `` Saw '' series began to noticeably peter out and grasp at straws after moving beyond a trilogy , the fourth time is most certainly not the charm with `` Paranormal Activity 4 . ''
Nothing but leftovers .
Since I was creeped out walking home , alone in the dark from the theater to my empty apartment , Paranormal Activity 4 accomplishes the mission of scaring you out of your underpants .
Achieves a degree of success , but franchise quality is clearly starting to crack and give way to the gimmick .
Except for diehard fans it will prove a pretty tepid Halloween trick .
Mostly , it plays like a overlong prologue for the already-in-the-works PA5 . Here 's hoping this is just the tension-racking lull before the next big scream .
The franchise that capitalized on the found-footage craze has gotten lost .
This film 's strong suit is that it finally feels contemporary .
Forgettable but well-executed , Paranormal Activity 4 gives you exactly what you 'd expect and nothing more .
A disappointing addition to the franchise .
Of course , a promise of more activity to come . But unless moviegoers think it 's worth watching another whole cast of characters sleep while their furniture moves around them , only diehard fans will stay awake for that next entry .
Very creepy , and still very effective .
If we 've learned nothing else from horror films , it 's that little kids are weird and probably possessed , so , you know , when you see one coming toward you , it 's best to run the other way .
Catfish pair Joost and Ariel Schulman keep the franchise firmly on track with a satisfyingly scary fourth instalment .
The most disturbing thing about this scary movie is how this phantom nonsense ever got made . I was so terrified by the dreadful filmmaking , that never mind being scared silly , by the end of this monster mess I was dumb struck .
Doors creak , shadows flicker , cats jump : the laziest sequel yet in the supernatural franchise barely bothers to change the formula at all .
There 's a point at which movies become only merchandise , and the Paranormal franchise may be heading for that nexus , that nadir .
While the film breaks no new ground , it does manage the giggly shocks that make this franchise so much fun to see with a rowdy midnight movie crowd .
There 's nothing very new to the shocks . -LRB- Even the sound of them is the same . -RRB-
Well , it was fun while it lasted kids . The ghost train shudders to a halt with Paranormal Activity 4 , the first entry in the usually innovative series unable to produce any decent scares .
This once-innovative series rolls on without much regard for either plot or character development .
Adds plenty of in-jokes that also work as legitimate scares .
Less reliant on slow-burn suspense and larded with fake-out jump scares , this is the first sequel in the series that fails to advance the overall mythology in any meaningful way .
Succeeds thanks to likeable performances from Kathryn Newton and Matt Shively , though it stops short of pushing the franchise mythology any further forward and criminally under-uses its latest camera-based gimmick .
Despite a few alterations to the well-worn found-footage format , there 's a visible sense of strain as the filmmakers struggle to top themselves .
` Paranormal Activity 4 ' is such dribble . It 's trite and cliche to its own fault , a lazy and cheap replica of a ` Paranormal Activity ' movie .
It never quite manages to capture the same tension and dread , the scares have become predictable , after all there are only so many times you can pull off the same trick .
The filmmakers now realize they can just do the exact same thing for a fourth time and the fans will eat it up , even if it does nothing to move the overall story forward .
More so than previous entries in the series , Paranormal Activity 4 plays a great deal of its runtime for laughs . As a result it 's not half as scary as you might hope .
The rampant dullness of the movie is shocking , I will grant it this much . Ironically , for all that , as with the earlier films , it 's mostly about watching people sleep , PA4 might best be used as a soothing nightlight , it 's that monotonous .
Aside from the usual self-slamming doors and flying bodies , there are enough creepy kids and hiding knives to distract from a plot that 's increasingly mobile yet running on the spot .
Yet another round of home video scares from a creep show franchise whose `` found footage '' is now best left in the cutting room bin .
When the glimpse of the utter ferocity finally comes the carrot you 've been after all this time is pulled from your grasp and you have to wonder , was it worth chasing it at all ?
It 's clear that the Activity has become too normal for all but the die-hards .
This entry in the series is the first time I 've felt like they played it safe , and that 's a shame .
The film does deliver on scares , and at a time when so few Hollywood horrors succeed on that front , we should grateful for the consistency of the Paranormal Activity films .
By part four , Schulman and Joost know what we 're expecting so they have a little fun with fakeouts , and throw in some iconography from other classic horror movies .


@highlight

While it does manage to wring a few more screams out of the franchise 's surprisingly durable premise , Paranormal Activity 4 provides fans of the series with dismayingly diminishing returns .