I 'm sending it back .
The whole romantic subplot is really off putting .
Burnt may be awash in enough images of gastronomic delight to satisfy any foodie , but dramatically it 's as familiar and predictable as macaroni and cheese .
The final presentation is quite clean and well composed , but lacking in passion to stimulate our narrative palates .
We never doubt the direction of the plot because it remains consistent despite the hysterics behind the kitchen doors , thus consigning what could have been a great film to the realm of a competent one .
If you 're looking for a movie that really makes you salivate over life , love and saucepans , try Big Night or Mostly Martha . Burnt , alas , is mostly leftovers .
An under-cooked comedy about the food business .
Actually pretty watchable and fun .
It 's all too familiar , too rudimentary , and while the kitchen they 're working in is top-of-the-line the meal they ultimately prepare is n't that much better than a Denny 's breakfast left under the heat lamps a few minutes too many .
Burnt is , to be clear , not a good movie . It is in fact a pretty terrible movie .
Mostly , I thought Burnt was ridiculous . And yet I can not tell a lie . Its familiar beats , comely cast , and lively kitchen montages entertained me .
While ` Burnt ' is totally predictable , and the terms ` slick ' and ` feel-good ' definitely apply , it 'll still hold your attention .
Not quite burnt then , but this dish could certainly do with greater depth and intensity of flavour .
What does shine through though is Steven Knight 's -LRB- Eastern Promises -RRB- pacey , humorous script , and director John Wells ' -LRB- August : Osage County -RRB- genuine kitchen scenes .
At the end the experience is insipid . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's interestin that the main character is so unlikable yet so interesting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a shame we got served such a visually stunning dish , but cold . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is so conserned with the main characters past that one wonders why writer Steven Knight did n't chose to tell the story of his descent into darkness instead of what we see on screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is not a masterpiece , but it is not a mess to endure either . Is entertaining and enjoying . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Once you see the film you can tell the script is flawed and you never feel any empathy for the main character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The cast really tries to make it work , however , as the movie goes on the premise turns boring and we get a cold and flavorless dish . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a film with all the right ingredients , but in the end , it 's a flavorless dish . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If it was n't for the great cast , this film would 've been better profiled for direct to video and DVD . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film but not much else . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Great entertainment , fun , fast and maybe a little predictable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While the chef 's rock-star persona ... does seem excessive , an excellent script and an immersive performance by Cooper result in an interesting character study .
Undermined by predictability , culinary drama , Burnt is surprisingly bland and unexcitingly seasoned for a kitchen-based flick that sees Bradley Cooper step into the role of a bad-boy chef on the road to redemption .
The only one of any interest is chef Helene -LRB- Sienna Miller -RRB- , a single mother trying to make it in a professional kitchen ... You ca n't help but feel that hers would have been a more interesting story to tell .
Bradley Cooper turns in a compelling , slow-burn performance as an arrogant chef aiming for his third Michelin star in Burnt .
You might just feel like treating yourself to a delicious meal after watching this .
Despite the amount of delectably photographed dishes , the drama in Burnt unfortunately feels undercooked and watered down .
Bradley Cooper is a chef looking for redemption in this little successful dramedy . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
What is most noticeable in this film is that in the 100 minutes , there is nothing that appeals to the viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A light , entertaining and well told film you can enjoy without any complications , especially for those who enjoy great food . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Half-baked , tepid , underseasoned - all these culinary put-downs are deserved for a film that asks us to root for a broken man with nothing to lose , then hands him redemption on a silver platter .
Cooper 's performance helps lift the character but as is often the case with a mediocre script and story , it 's not clear what exactly this movie wants to be . You 'll enjoy the great-looking movie star . The comeback story ? Not so much .
Built around a strong performance by Cooper , `` Burnt '' is a story of redemption .
... This story of how a troubled exile achieves healing through a creative partnership with a woman equally devoted to their shared craft is familiar ground ... Burnt could be re-titled Silver Linings Cookbook .
Strong characters help hold the attention as this overcooked drama develops , but in the end it feels so concocted that it 's difficult to believe .
Burnt is plated beautifully but lacks the complexity of flavor it so desperately wants to achieve .
... a missed opportunity that ultimately feels like two movies ungainly stitched together at the middle -LRB- ie it 's both an engrossing cooking drama and all-too-slick character study -RRB- .
It makes for a pretty good show . Cooper cooks up sweet and juicy in just about every role he plays , so watching the him sizzle on the griddle of short-order Shakespeare set against the backdrop of Europe 's fine cuisine is a ready pleasure .
Cooper delivers the goods right enough , with help from Daniel Bruhl as his business partner and Sienna Miller as his sous-chef-cum-love-interest .
This half-baked dramedy about cooking feels more like a lackluster television pilot rather than a feature-length film .
It 's intended to be a tale of redemption but Adam does n't have a lot of redeeming qualities .
Anyone who makes an informed decision to watch Burnt might want to bring a bingo-card of dramatic cliches to tick off during the run-time .
It is hard to find the characters ' preoccupations anything other than ridiculous , however divine the food looks .
Burnt should have been a spicy treat . Instead , it comes and goes like so much fast food , leaving you hungry for a late-night DVD snack ...
This drama about a world-renowned chef seeking redemption in his personal life features a fiery performance by Bradley Cooper compromised by a predictable script that does n't have the right mix of ingredients .
Director John Wells deftly navigates the trajectory of the story , helped by Rob Simonsen 's frothy score .
Burnt wants to be viewed as a post-modern , emotionally hardcore odyssey ; a foodie version of Birdman . At once too earnest and too glossily daft to measure up , it 's actually closer in mood to an Eighties Agatha Christie TV special .
Bradley Cooper and Sienna Miller dish up a thin stew of streaky ham and overcooked corn in this horribly predictable drama about a fiery-tempered chef 's attempts to earn a third Michelin star .
Bradley Cooper and Sienna Miller , reunited on screen after last year 's American Sniper , give committed and likeable performances but battle against the sheer contrivances and strange mix of ingredients in an over-egged screenplay .
Burnt is strictly a la carte .
There 's lots of food porn , but the overall sensation is one of emptiness .
With a title that already reeks of failure , Bradley Cooper 's turn in Burnt as a Michelin-starred chef making a comeback from coke-induced burnout is best avoided .
Glossy , hollow disaster .
The film takes no apparent joy in cooking itself : unforgivably for a film about food , there is n't a dish here that you 'd actually want to eat .
As for Burnt itself , it is somewhat redeemed - rescued , really - by the shiny distraction of Bradley Cooper 's explosive star power . The movie is a mess , narratively , with an undercooked -LRB- sorry , could n't help myself -RRB- conflict and a stumbling plot .
There 's so many overdone tropes in Burnt that it 's reminiscent of a tired out family recipe
Undemanding , unashamed garbage , which we ca n't help but indulge in from time to time .
... Director John Wells ... effectively captures the controlled chaos of the kitchen , and Adam 's personal growth is as satisfying as it is predictable .
Smart , funny , emotionally affecting -- if maybe a little overstuffed -- film anchored to interesting characters is much better than you 've perhaps been led to believe .
Gluttons for footage of Bradley Cooper and meticulously plated white-tablecloth dinner entrées may be the only consumers able to stomach this foodie road-to-redemption drama .
A celebration of male obnoxiousness that goes warm and fuzzy over its temperamental manchild as he finally learns to impersonate a decent human being . What ?
For all practical purposes , it 's Steve Jobs with aprons .
Of all the movies in which cooking is a metaphor for love or a vehicle for redemption , Burnt may be the first in which the carefully presented , fastidiously styled chow looks like nothing you actually want to eat .
Never comes to life , with each two-dimensional character mouthing platitudes designed to tell you what to think about them .
An unusually pitched portrait of a culinary genius from the Gordon Ramsay school of shouty chefs who needs to learn to , like , chill out . But that high energy never fully translates to the screen .
Bradley Cooper and Sienna Miller burned up `` American Sniper '' but not this movie .
Bradley Cooper is not believable as a Michelin starred chef in ` Burnt ' . Send this dish back to the kitchen .
While Burnt tries to offer a higher-profile , Weinstein-backed exploration of such an innately cinematic subject , its tepid drama and low stakes wo n't make you stay for dessert .
`` Burnt '' ca n't spice up familiar recipe .
Lucious food porn and a few solid performances aside , it feels like a redemption narrative that 's mostly half-bak - ... nope , not gon na do it .
This foodie melodrama has its pleasures in a story of a brilliant chef seeking redemption after being felled by fame 's side dishes -- hubris and excess .
Fans of `` Top Chef '' or reruns of Julia Child 's `` French Chef '' will be drawn to `` Burnt ''
Burnt is an enjoyable entry in this subgenre , anchored by a rangy Bradley Cooper performance and marbled with food .
Salty portrait of chef 's comeback serves up fine acting .
Cooking movies always inspire me to want to cook . This one did n't . It 's not bad but it 's not up to my cooking movie standards . Promises steak and delivers a burger .
Burnt can only tell us that Adam is a terrible person so many times before we start to believe it .
The redemptive journey `` Burnt '' takes us on has momentary bursts of flavor , but it never makes for the truly satisfying meal .
The previews for this film make it look as bland & tasteless as some mediocre meal . Thankfully , it 's a bit tastier than that , although it 's still about as formulaic as they come . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - also available -RRB-
A macho foodie fantasy with Cooper as a swaggering sex god in an apron . If this were a comedy , it would be brilliant .
Lots of quick cuts and kitchen close-ups - of gas stoves , buttery saucepans and stock characters concentrating preciously on haute cuisine - and lots of unmoving melodrama .
The food looks great , the cast looks great , the dialogue is reasonably snappy , and the movie is happily shameless ...
The story is pitted with the type of holes that suggest the film went into production with an uncorrected first draft .
The actors are all better than you 'd expect in a film of such dim ambition , but there 's a curious lack of the actual scrumptious grub .
It is often fatal to a movie to have its characters more in thrall to the lead than the audience is .
Bound to inspire headlines full of tiresome kitchen wordplay : `` half-baked , '' `` underdone , '' `` lacks seasoning . '' What it really is , though , is late for dinner .
Its best scene by far is its most uncomfortable : Jones throwing a Gordon Ramsay-worthy tanty and demanding that Helene apologise to a fish she has cooked badly .
The film hums along pleasantly without really engaging you beyond the surface level pleasures of watching attractive people make high-class cuisine .
Unless you also want a tremendous side of ego and hearty helping of yelling , Burnt may be a dish to skip .
`` Burnt '' is overcooked . If that sounds like a glib way to describe an entertainment about the comeback of a celebrity chef , it 's also perfectly suited to a movie that wears its glossiness as a badge of honor .
Cooper does a great job in the role of a cocky American chef , and his character 's emotional arc is pretty engaging . However , the rest of the story and characters are n't given nearly as much attention .
Burnt could have blazed a trail for more complicated movies about chefs , but it 's too flawed in its execution and presentation .
`` Burnt '' gets distracted by petty dramas . Without enough meat on the bones of this story , it 's just not as satisfying as it could be , evaporating quickly into thin air .
There are too many fumbles , too many missteps , and the most interesting bits of the film are swept off the cutting board and into the trash .
Burnt ca n't top off its plate with engaging characters or an exciting story . This confection fades almost immediately after it 's over , leaving only a slight tingle on the tongue .
The real issue is that everything about Adam 's journey feels half digested and tossed back up . We 've seen it before . It was better the first time .
This should be a better movie than it is . As it stands , though , it 's merely - sorry - unappetizing .
The filmmakers ... have a wrongheaded expectation that we 'll be endlessly fascinated by this abusive jerk 's china-trashing Gordon Ramsay tirades and eventual , too-easy mea culpa . Sorry , not to our taste .
A soggy , ultimately unpalatable experience ... overly familiar and curiously bland .
If the last-act redemption is a little predictable , getting there makes for engrossing viewing -- food fights , violence and all .
For a movie about a chef who just will not shut up about how great everything needs to be , he sure is stuck in a movie that otherwise screams milquetoast , in both ideas and execution .
You could leave halfway through the story and get an early dinner and , save for the details , you 'd pretty much know how it all works out with the movie .
The hero spends an inordinate amount of time screaming at his kitchen staff and hurling plates of food at the wall , which is more fun to watch than the canned relationships that constitute most of the movie .
It 's not pretty , but it captures something that few cooking movies do : reality .
There 's never any doubt that redemption is the end-game for Jones , but the claim for his saving is weak sauce ; the case against him has been too emphatically , if unintentionally , argued .
Is it too much to ask for a film about creative self-destruction to have a few loose screws of its own ?
With such a strong cast , the film has the right ingredients but it does n't quite make a perfect meal .
There 's a lot of talk of passion in Burnt , yet it does n't make the leap into the pure love of food explored in films like Chef , The Big Night and Babette 's Feast .
Wells dices the action , even the simplest conversation , into five harried shots when one would suffice . The many food-prep montages are cut and paced to the same numbing rhythm .
Yet another redemption story of the Destructive Genius , whom the audience is supposed to be compelled to like in spite of himself , and who begins his journey with a list of things he 's not supposed to indulge in .
A formulaic movie that advocates passion while practicing exactly the lack of imagination it laments .
A crudely illustrated flip-book of conflict with unappealing characters , dipping substantially in quality every time it leaves the kitchen .
The food looks fresh and gorgeous in Burnt , a parade of sous-vide and sauces that will send audiences into the streets ravenous . It 's the rest of the movie that feels stale .
For a film about a perfectionist who had a difficult childhood seeking three Michelin stars , allow me to recommend `` For Grace , '' the documentary about Chicago chef Curtis Duffy .
Burnt is filled with glossy images of gorgeously prepared food , but its characters and story are significantly less flavorful .
The ingredients are just what you expect , but Wells and company manage to concoct 100 minutes of palatable entertainment . Of course , you will be hungry less than an hour later .
It never comes close to being as funny , human and insightful about the restaurant industry as a TV series from 2005 .
a cheerless and unappetizing plate of piffle that deserves to be smashed against a wall or at least sent back to the kitchen .
The stakes are so low , it 's like watching 100 minutes of a slug trying to crawl over a twig .
Overstuffed with characters and plots , the frenetically paced drama bites off more than it can chew .
A mildly entertaining but well acted , sumptuously photographed and smartly written comedy with dark undertones about culinary addiction that can only be called `` delicious . ''
It 's familiar stuff but satisfying stuff , thanks largely to the performance of Cooper who brings enough texture to the role of Adam Jones to make his story interesting .
Is there anything more insufferable than the badass persona of the rock-star chef ?
Formulaic foodie flick ...
Overdone .
Screenwriters Steven Knight and Michael Kalesniko pack as much stuffing as possible into this rubbery squid of a film - and then jam in yet more , and the movie gets duller and less focused as it wears on .
It seems to think it 's a radical new twist on risotto . In truth it 's closer to a slightly spiced-up mac-and-cheese .
A meat-and-potatoes redemption story cooked up from a familiar recipe .
Delivers to both food snobs and fast-foodies who can digest smart entertainment .
Bits and pieces of Burnt suggest there may be a far edgier film locked up in a vault somewhere , but this seemingly compromised final version is too mediocre a dish .
Everything in this by-the-numbers script signals that our hero must transform himself into the head of a loving and fully functional family .
Bradley Cooper cooks up an acting feast and digs deep into the role an arrogant but talented chef who needs to realize there are more important things in life than just the right amount of sauce .
In a spirited and feisty performance as an insecure sous chef who blossoms under Adam 's unconventional tutelage , Miller supplies a gritty angst that instantly pushes Cooper 's efforts to a higher level .
More Top Gun than Top Chef , Burnt is a largely insufferable character drama about one awesome dude 's struggle to be even more awesome .
The film 's haphazard construction is made all the more frustrating because somewhere in this material is a much more resonant picture .
Cooper is like the Guy Fieri recipe for Anthony Bourdain : an enticing surface with no substance , much like the movie itself .
There are many loving shots of small , colour co-ordinated helpings ... And they 're usually served up as part of a montage , a device that tends to be the first refuge of a director lumbered with a script lacking enough lines worth saying .
Alongside Cooper , director John Wells has gathered a strong ensemble cast , but they 're given little to work with .
Burnt may be about haute cuisine , but the movie is fast food all the way .
A moody-foodie therapy session that follows an increasingly tidy narrative recipe as it sets this one-man kitchen nightmare on a long road to redemption .
For a film about a daredevil chef who wants to challenge his customers , `` Burnt '' mostly plays it safe .
There are enough decent moments in Burnt to eventually make it enjoyable .
Ultimately feels like those sous-vide bags that Adam finds so worthy of mockery : trapped in plastic , with the air sucked out of it .
Cooper never makes his character likeable , but he makes him something better than that : raw and compelling .
Cooper is compelling , but -LSB- character -RSB- Adam makes you want to punch him in the face ... Great chefs may be horrible , arrogant , violent , self-centred , pretentious , egomaniacal dickheads , but that does n't mean we want to spend an hour and a half with one .
Demons and beautiful cuisine are on the menu in this edgy film in which Bradley Cooper yet again puts every foot right

@highlight

Burnt offers a few spoonfuls of compelling culinary drama , but they 're lost in a watery goulash dominated by an unsavory main character and overdone clichés .