... -LSB- Director Paul Verhoeven -RSB- revels in cinema 's powers of deception , to conceal and then reveal reality , to cover subversive ideas inside the armour of genre .
Seven years after he disappeared with the whimper that was Hollow Man , Paul Verhoeven has returned with what may be his best film .
The handsomely mounted , heedlessly pulpy modernist World War II thriller that `` The Good German '' and `` Valkyrie '' failed to be - a dizzying rush of daring rescues , sexual intrigue , treachery , betrayal , gunfights , hasty conclusions and harrowing consequences .
It 's the last thing a Verhoeven film should be : tasteful
A slick , thrilling , trashy , melodramatic and serialesque soap opera adventure which conceals the complex tale of moral ambiguity beneath .
While gleefully turning all prior war movie stereotypes on their heads , Verhoeven opts for the bizarre theory that ravishing designing women and lots of sex can change the course of world history .
There are a lot of plot twists at the end of the film , maybe too many , but it will keep you guessing .
Verhoeven simplesmente mantém sua obsessão habitual com sexo e violência -LRB- geralmente combinando os dois -RRB- , mas sem qualquer sofisticação narrativa ou visual .
It 's engaging as an espionage thriller and as a story of courage and determination .
-LRB- ... -RRB- A uno le parece estar viendo más un detrás de cámaras que una película en serio , esperando que el director grite `` corten '' en cualquier momento y que el equipo aplauda por lo bien que salió la toma .
Mature WWII drama taps into base human instinct .
Pulpy , almost James Bond-like in its mix of spy thrills , action , sex , intrigue , and bold characters .
Paul Verhoeven 's first Dutch film in 25 years is lurid and tasteless .
Although Verhoeven 's plot seems far-fetched at times , it is based on actual history and casts doubt on the `` Good War '' mythology of films like `` Saving Private Ryan '' .
Its failings are substantial , yet the fact that it 's overblown and incredible does n't entirely outweigh the fact that it 's also exciting , fascinating , sexy , and thrilling .
Confronts us with an ugly humanity that is nevertheless unnervingly human .
A hard-core war film with raw violence , intense action , graphic sexuality and a twisting plot that offers a series of surprises .
It 's an outrageous idea , but Verhoeven carries it off , largely on the charisma of his actors ' performances .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Verhoeven proves a sure-handed storyteller , which might come as a surprise , as well as a terrific visual stylist , which should n't .
It 's a bombshell of a film % u2013 riveting from start to finish and great entertainment to boot
Carice van Houten is an astonishing find , and if someone were on the ball she 'd be world famous sooner rather than later .
Contains the violence , nudity and sex we expect from a movie by Paul Verhoeven , but moves with the narrative drive and surprise of a war film from decades past .
Verhoeven porte un regard des plus évocateurs sur les nombreuses nuances de la Seconde Guerre mondiale
Even Verhoven 's art house movies are a balancing act between vivid storytelling and exploitation .
Broadly drawn and ballsy , the movie features horrendous violence and stupefying melodrama : it 's WWII without the usual sober romance , the Greatest Generation meets Starship Troopers .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Carice van Houten is a persuasive heroine -- beautiful , daring , wry and , when it counts , poignant .
... wildly entertaining and borderline incoherent , like Hogan 's Heroes re-imagined by Joe Eszterhas , the movie whips along oblivious to hairpin plot turns , shaking off incredulous moviegoers all the while .
Initially Black Book reminded me of the wonderfully engrossing war movies that have been coming out of Germany and Holland lately . Then I was reminded that it 's Paul Verhoeven behind the camera , which explains the pulp melodrama and superhuman exploits of
It 's a strange and beguiling mainstream action film that did n't seem plausible or did it emotionally move me .
... a film about survival and fighting back ... one of the most engrossing and riveting films released this year .
features the jolting violence and frank sensuality Verhoeven is known for , as well as something he has n't had in a quite a while : an intelligent , riveting screenplay . ... gripping from beginning to end .
Black Book will drive home the struggles of world war underground resistance . But as my colleague said , you will snicker a little .
Verhoeven 's status as an evocative filmmaker has been redeemed .
Paul Verhoeven 's well-acted but overblown -LRB- and overly long -RRB- WWII thriller ... is like The Diary of Anne Frank by way of Basic Instinct .
For a film that runs over two and one-half hours , the time flies thanks in no small part to the effortless lead performance of van Houten and the large supporting cast .
Verhoeven never loses sight of the larger message -- that in those evil times , ordinary people were forced to do extraordinary , and even awful , things just to live long enough to tell their tale .
Though the wartime scenario seems authentic enough and includes several ambitious action-filled set pieces , the sprawling portrait of sacrifice and innocence spoiled is tainted by lurid and occasionally tasteless scenes .
Leading lady van Houten seems game for anything her director throws at her . She exudes a happy sexuality that kept me watching well past the point of losing interest in the plot . Koch is terrific as her German lover .
Though Verhoeven and co-screenwriter Gerard Soeteman supposedly based this espionage tale on some real events and real people , much of it simply does n't ring true .
Black Book rides the line between high drama and cheap exploitation - which , for Verhoeven , is a marked improvement .
Sometimes plays like Nomi Malone vs. the Nazis , but that 's exactly why it works so well .
Verhoeven has pulled off a feat many auteurs seek but few accomplish : He 's made a film that is both utterly accessible and wholly personal , sensationalistic enough for his die-hard fans and prestigious enough for the Lives of Others crowd .
Open up `` Black Book '' if you like your World War II dramas saucy , crass , sexually explicit and heedlessly entertaining .
A return to magnificently cynical form for director Paul Verhoeven ... it takes takes brass ones to set such gaudy , sexy , rip-snorting comic-book entertainment in the shadow of the Holocaust .
Back in Holland Verhoeven has created his finest film since he left for Hollywood fame and fortune . In fact , he 's made a film that 's as good as or better than his earlier work
Given his modest talents as a filmmaker , the first half of Book might represent the best Verhoeven can do .
Paul Verhoeven 's WWII drama stars the lovely Dutch actress Carice van Houten as a Jewish Resistance worker , and costars her breasts . All three deserve awards consideration .
It 's like The Guns of Navarone for the art-house set .
The way Paul Verhoeven creates a dance between friend and foe offers moments of danger , romance , insight , and edge-of-of-your-seat drama .
The happy ending demands that -LSB- Verhoeven 's -RSB- return-journey film -- Black Book -- be a rousing artistic triumph . It is n't . Too many of his lazy Hollywood habits have followed him home .
Insanely entertaining -- and often just plain insane -- World War II melodrama . You may hate yourself in the morning , but you 'll have to admit Verhoeven gives you a lot of bang for your buck .
Verhoeven cites David Lean as an influence , and the film has Lean 's epic scope and crackerjack timing , if not his mannerly refinement . -LRB- The 145-minute running time zips right by . -RRB-
A fast-paced war thriller distinguished by its own ambiguous morality .
Black Book does n't let the grim facts of the Holocaust get in the way of some ripping pulp .
Despite the picture 's subtitles and its imposing 145-minute running time , Black Book maintains a breakneck pace , pausing only long enough to raise some very interesting questions .
Judged in dramatic terms , situational ethics drive the film , never slackening the pace nor making the nearly 2 1/2 - hour running time seem overlong . Van Houten is rarely out of the frame , but she 's no mere eye candy .
Verhoeven may indulge his lurid tendencies , but he has delivered a film that stays tense and suspenseful for its lengthy running time .
Vulgar and erotic , it 's a gripping drama about the Dutch underground in German-occupied Holland in the fall of 1944 .
But Verhoeven 's films are not meant to offer profound moral insights . And `` Black Book '' does not aspire to historical accuracy . Instead , `` Black Book '' is pure entertainment , of the hollow variety . Verhoeven gives you your money 's worth of titillation ...
Black Book is a crackling good melodrama -- inspired , remarkably , by actual events -- with few clearly defined heroes and villains .
A while back , Steven Soderbergh released his salute to '40s war dramas with The Good German . He should 've just let Paul Verhoeven do it .
By the end , Black Book no longer makes sense , the plot having twisted around itself so much that we 're left with a bunch of knots .
A lurid , pulpy , slightly perverse potboiler , Black Book suffers mainly from its utter lack of seriousness .
For fans of compelling cinema in general and Verhoeven in particular , -LSB- Black Book 's -RSB- release is a cause for celebration .
The result never feels real or human or vital .
Stout-hearted celebration of the Dutch Resistance or total smut ? Try both .
It 's just another Ilsa , She-Wolf of the SS disguised as an inspirational story of survival and courage .
It 's as interesting as anything Verhoeven 's attempted in some time .
-LSB- Verhoeven -RSB- has n't seemed like a serious filmmaker for some time .
Commercial moviemaking of the highest order , superbly mounted and paced .
The director of ` Hollow Man ' and ` Showgirls ' made a movie about the Holocaust . You were expecting something classy ?
Pushes all sorts of envelopes -- political , historical and erotic -- against the sanctified background of the Nazi Holocaust , hitherto unthinkable as the linchpin of a lively melodrama like Black Book .
Sidney Sheldon 's `` Army of Shadows ''
All that keeps the movie from collapsing into soap opera is the exuberant drive of the filmmaking . And the central performance . Van Houten is pretty without being beautiful .
Some may find scenes excessive and take offense at the suggestion that there were good Nazis like Ludwig . But one thing that can be said for Black Book : It 's never boring .
Its essential trashiness too often takes over . Rather than wondering about Rachel/Ellis ' dilemma , you find yourself pondering Verhoeven 's consistency in setting up bedroom shots so that there 's always a nipple in the frame .
Returning to the Netherlands has been a godsend for Verhoeven , energizing his talents and focusing his directorial powers like never before .
A gripping story of duplicity , intrigue and evil that grabs your attention from the very first frame and never lets go .
With the release of his World War II thriller ` Black Book ' , Verhoeven has entered the realm of classics like ` Schindler 's List ' and ` The Pianist ' .
Verhoeven has succeeded in injecting a bit of energy into this tired genre , and that 's a major achievement .
The movie scrambles our responses and covers so much ground , with such zest , that its two and a half hours race past like a firestorm .
... hugely enjoyable from start to finish .
It 's a marvelous movie-movie , with a new screen goddess . Van Houten has a soft , heart-shaped face on top of a body so naturally , ripely beautiful it has its own kind of truth .
... a captivating story of high adventure and danger on a very personal level that starts with high tension that continues to increase throughout .
Verhoeven doles out his customary boobs , bombs , and blood , but the tension between thrills and serious consequences splits Black Book 's difference .
Verhoeven , with his background in such lurid American entertainments as `` Basic Instinct '' and `` Showgirls , '' seems an unlikely duck to be paddling around in this somber pond . I can believe that the 68-year-old director has a personal connection to the materi
This is one of Verhoeven 's best movies in years and years and years .
A viscerally effective thriller ends up a repugnant exercise in moral relativism , delivered with the grandstanding swagger of the self-styled provocateur .
Psssst , want to see a dirty picture about good Nazis , bad Resistance fighters , and a fast-thinking , quick-stripping Jewish woman happy to dye her pubic hair blond and sleep with the enemy in the name of freedom ? Have I got a lulu for you .
Working again with longtime screenwriting collaborator Gerard Soeteman , Verhoeven makes Black Book into a rollicking wartime movie-movie , replacing awards-bait clichés with a strong dose of two-fisted action , frank sexuality , and coal-black cynicism .
An engaging World War II drama set in Holland and focused on the resiliency of a Jewish woman struggling to stay alive in terrible times .
Verhoeven brings valuable lessons he learned working for 20 years in Hollywood to forge an unprecedented World War II-era masterpiece .
It 's a messy , colorful big-screen entertainment that veers from sober period piece to outrageous melodrama , which is to say it 's a Verhoeven movie .
In Black Book , every performance , every white-knuckle detail registers like a powerful drug , and when it ends , you know you 've been to the movies . It 's The Perils of Pauline with swastikas .
An unadulterated modern-day classic .
There is much double - and triple-crossing as Rachel pulls off a series of narrow escapes . But Verhoeven is not quite taking things seriously .
The overall tone is best described as glossy , where the gossamer-thin conceits are exactly as they should be .
Verhoeven has finally come to a place where he can perfectly balance his populist , lowbrow impulses with his desire to say something important .
Rachel is played by Carice van Houten , a Dutch actress little known here who is quick to infuse her heroine with sexy style and chilly daring . It 's a great role requiring a great range , often within single scenes , and she moves through them seamlessly .
-LSB- Van Houten -RSB- is so good in it that it seems only a matter of time before she 'll star in a real Hollywood movie -- as opposed to this pretender .
The movie hurtles through its two-and-a-half-hour running time , piling on the treachery , never letting its foot off the brake until the filmmakers have exhausted every narrative possibility -- and , in the process , the audience .
This is history Hollywood style , a dense soap-opera ramped up with juicy elements not often associated with Hitler 's regime .
Paul Verhoeven ' Black Book encompasses the best and very worst of its director 's signature pulp brutalism , which means it 's pretty much a hoot .
Harks back to themes -LSB- Verhoeven has -RSB- explored from Soldier of Orange to Basic Instinct -- relational turmoil , violent mystery , naked women .
Absorbing from start to finish , this might be the first flick to interpret a Holocaust tale of survival as a highly-stylized , erotic , espionage thriller .
Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven returns to his roots with a WWII drama that 's easily the best thing he 's made in years .
As subversive as it is traditional , both enamored of conventional notions of heroism and frankly contemptuous of them .
It is n't pretty , but for all the melodramatic hoohah of Verhoeven 's latest , it all feels pretty real .
The movie whips along , unafraid of narrative excess or hairpin plot turns .
An immensely entertaining throwback ... a big , fast-paced World War II adventure , old-fashioned but with some welcome twists .
Although there is little new in this finely crafted WWII pot-boiler , it remains a thoroughly enjoyable wartime thriller during its entire 145 minutes of good-guy/bad-guy subterfuge .
Black Book possesses a taut , exciting script that throws surprises at the viewer on a regular basis .
Far from turning serious , the director of Basic Instinct has proved that , when it comes to grappling with good and evil , his instincts are n't basic enough .
Paul Verhoeven tries to go respectable with the WWII drama Black Book , and the question that persists is : Who wants a respectable Paul Verhoeven ?
Shoahxploitation .
An encouraging start here is ruined by a long , and routine , finish .
Verhoeven 's ` Nazi sex romp ' is brought down by too many ludicrous plot twists and gratuitous sequences ... one of the more outlandish WWII films .
When this kind of chemical bond -LRB- the presence of Carice van Houten -RRB- emanates from the screen , you ca n't blame the director for a little indulgence .
Charged with melodramatic energy and surprising twists , one of the great films with World War II themes .
Absolutely engrossing , it 's an energetic and entertaining film that has what must be a near record number of double-crosses .
the best Verhoeven film since Basic Instinct -- if only that were a bigger compliment .
This being Verhoeven , sexuality and extreme violence are not shied away from . It 's a badass , hard-core Verhoeven World War II movie , for all that entails .
This has to be the crassest , most excessive , vulgar and gratuitous wartime spy story ever told , which is exactly why you should see it .
Black Book , the first film Verhoeven has made in the Netherlands in two decades , is spoken in Dutch , German , Hebrew and English , and it lasts for 145 minutes . There 's not a dull second in the bunch .
Paul Verhoeven 's target in Black Book is extremists on both sides of the political equation
click to read review
One longs for Nomi Malone to enliven the proceedings with her ketchup bottle of doom .
Not only tons of fun , it 's actually quite good .
This voluptuously directed epic crumbles beneath the weight of its well-oiled but mechanical plot .
It 's a dire and overlong period movie that manages to display a good deal of prurience and misogyny .
Carice van Houten is terrific in the lead role , radiating wit , energy and sex appeal .
A layer of mainstream gloss takes the edge off the horrors , but the man behind Robocop marches through with a steely assurance that rarely allows you to snatch a breath .
Stacked with espionage , romance and tragedy , this sees Verhoeven back on his game , while van Houten gives a bold breakout performance .
Frequently crass but never dull , Verhoeven 's best film in two decades has the guts to acknowledge the voices that went unheard above the gunfire of WWII , but refuses to sacrifice entertainment value for verisimilitude .
A strange mix indeed : Verhoeven 's tacky exaggerations as applied to the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands . It 's implausible and outrageously comic , but equally memorable and passionate . Worth seeing .
Stylish , sexy and violent World War Two espionage adventure .
... one of Verhoeven 's more consistent efforts ...
The film may ostensibly deal with serious issues such as collaboration , the fight to survive and the need for forgiveness or revenge , but they 're really just window dressing for Verhoeven 's elaborately assembled but empty set pieces .
Verhoeven stays dramatically and historically credible .
It 's Nazis , melodrama and intrigue galore as Paul Verhoeven adds his patented Verhoeven touch to this sordid tale of a Jewish girl in hiding during World War II .
The screenplay could in fact have just as easily served as the template for a Roland Emmerich/Dean Devlin turkey
Full of rude energy and a very appealing degree of cynicism ...
Hollywood-honed tech smarts and European character sensibilities mesh entertainingly in pacy WWII resistance thriller Black Book .
Verhoeven 's complex saga moves quickly and decisively , deftly balancing the political and personal while exploring daring and cowardice in WWII and how the War erased distinctions based on simplistic labels of good and evil
A look at humans under the inhuman stress of war that is more nuanced than almost any grand-scale war film .
An ambitious throwback to the days of rousing all-action wartime pictures in which an intrepid loner risks everything to fight a clearly defined enemy . It succeeds on almost all fronts .









@highlight

A furious mix of sex , violence , and moral relativism , Black Book is shamelessly entertaining melodrama .