If you want to see a real Catwoman , check out Michelle Pfeiffer 's turn in Batman Returns , but whatever you do , leave this kitty cat in the alley where it belongs .
Its over-edited style smacks of panic , the CGI cat woman is plainly not real , and the broadside it fires at the beauty industry is only limp at best .
It 's painful .
Bereft of excitement and with action scenes similar to those we 've seen a dozen times before , this is a very poor effort indeed .
Catwoman is worse than bad -- it 's boring . So boring it 's not even laughable .
Halle Berry is a lovely woman with charisma to burn and definite acting ability -- but even the best actors sometimes need to be told when they 're making fools of themselves .
Not as over-the-top as you might hope , but also not as bad . Daft and moderately entertaining .
Poor special effects -LRB- with weak echoes of better superhero outings such as Spider-Man -RRB- and an uneven central performance contribute to what was one of the flop blockbusters of 2004 .
A lumpy , unexciting melée , as satisfying as a bowl of sour milk .
The screenplay 's a hodgepodge of witchcraft , ancient Egyptian lore , pulp feminism , and a dash of S&M .
Catwoman 's director , a visual-effects specialist named Pitof , is not contained by the rules of filmmaking . Scenes that make sense ? Nonsense . Characters with inner lives ? Utterly passe .
A flashy but uninvolving Batman spin-off -LRB- of sorts -RRB- with Halle Berry starring andone-named French talent Pitof directing .
If cats , those snootiest of creatures , went to the movies , they would be appalled and mortified . What did they ever do to deserve having their good name and mannerisms dragged through such dingbat fluff as this ?
Another hundred million dollars down the drain .
Relentlessly gaudy and in love with its PG-13 approximation of kink , Catwoman is essentially an excuse to pose Berry in ever-skimpier outfits . It 's all too pre-fab to register as sexy , though , and even the fight scenes look like fashion shoots .
A soulless amalgamation of quick edits , computer images and swooping , nausea-inducing dolly shots .
-LSB- Provides -RSB- a safety net for every person who ever directs a superhero movie for the rest of time : `` Well , that completely sucked , but it was no Catwoman '' .
This movie is kitty litter .
From the looks of French director Pitof 's poorly realized effort of bringing DC Comics ' `` Catwoman to the big screen , it seems unlikely that a sequel for the feline superhero/villain .
Widely considered a terrible movie , but if you enjoy the camp genre , it 's a must-see . It is , in fact , camp on a catnip high .
There is NOTHING redeeming about this film .
Hide this Catwoman on a hot tin roof -- or anywhere else no one is likely to see it .
Rated NFD -LRB- Not For the Discerning -RRB- .
Where is Batman when you really need him ?
An almost unmitigated disaster , this major studio production with a major star in the lead -LRB- the Oscar-winning Halle Berry -RRB- comes across like a direct-to-video production , complete with ultra lame computer-generated effects and clueless direction ...
I 'm pretty sure an actual cat could have made a better film .
Much better than it had to be and a lot better than many Internet critics , eager to hate it , wanted it to be .
You 're left with flashes of mis-spent promise : the feline mysticism ; the cosmetics-industry intrigue ; the idea of electrocuting Lambert Wilson 's unctious corporate cad .
One life down , eight to go .
An avalanche of de-clawed idiocy .
` Claro ejemplo de la forma en que no se debe gastar el dinero en caprichos de productores a los que les importa un comino la inteligencia de la audiencia '
The main question to ask is why did we need this project ?
The least I was hoping for was something so bad it would entertain me on a whole different level . I was disappointed on both accounts .
No other Catwoman has looked so good in a cat suit . Beyond that , the whole affair is pretty dumb , even by the goofy standards of superhero flicks .
Silly but not-nearly-campy-enough .
Tries to be funny , tries to be S&M . Directed by a guy called Pitof . Me-owwww !
If ` The star has a great rack ! ' is the best one can say for a movie , it better be a porno .
The story is n't bad , but the script -LRB- for which three people get credit , John Brancato & Michael Ferris and John Rogers , always a bad sign -RRB- is occasionally bromidic .
She stands on ledges , peering at all the buildings , or at the moon ... she might be hoping one of those places holds a better script .
And what would the film be without its performances ? Better .
the cosmetics at the plot 's centre do at least serve as a convenient metaphor for everything which is wrong with this shallow , superficial film .
For about 40 minutes Catwoman is campy , trashy and fun . Then it 's just trash : dull and depressingly empty .
... does n't quite cut it as the escapist comic caper ... this tepid and tired movie has all the appeal of a box of stale Tender Vittles
Badly directed , horribly scripted , dismal mess of a film that is every bit as bad as you 've heard . Poor , poor Halle Berry .
This is only worth seeing if you can handle shallow characters and dull , plastic action scenes for the sake of unintentional laughs .
Halle Berry parece estar numa daquelas aulas de teatro em que o professor insiste para que os alunos finjam ser árvores , nuvens ou bicicletas ergométricas .
Gratuitous action , ill-defined characters , goofy plot . And moments when it 's great fun .
A thriller you would n't inflict on a laboratory rat .
A profusion of typical comic book storyline clichés we have all seen a thousand times before in other films .
Exactly as awful as it was rumored to be .
A milking of the mediocre but after this fall from grace , Berry 's got eight career leaps to go .
... a monumental waste of your time to see .
French visual-FX expert Pitof directs , so the overuse of CGI is understandable , though even that ca n't conceal the insipid plot or Berry 's ham-fisted performance .
If movies were kitty litter , Catwoman would be the kind that does n't absorb very well and fails to clump . And it would be stinky . Really , really stinky .
So much emphasis is put on style and coolness that good , honest storytelling goes down the drain .
Touches on feminist ideals that are all but contradicted by a pair of skimpy leather pants .
As I said , I know most people do n't like this flick , but I think it is worth at least catching the matinee .
Another story of female empowerment written and directed by guys who think `` empowerment '' gives a woman the courage to shop from a fetish catalogue .
Obviously , no one involved in this disaster cares anything at all about Catwoman .
Dump it off at the Dumb Friends League
It 's really painful to watch .
The movie is deadening because it 's visually and aurally overdone in a lazy , scattershot manner .
-LSB- The early -RSB- segments of the film are deadly dull , but once Berry suits up , the movie enters MST3K territory and never looks back .
When is a cat a dog ? When it 's Catwoman .
The kind of movie that almost guarantees the loss of a few I.Q. points .
I 'd rather change a dirty litter box than think about this movie anymore .
If you 're going to junk the character , then why not just flip through a dictionary and pick a new animal altogether -- say , Aardvarkwoman , or Buffalogal ?
It 's not nearly as awful as Batman & Robin , but it 's worse off than , say , Steel . So you can see we 're in a fairly terrible area here .
Los fans del personaje se tendrán que enfrentar -LRB- duramente -RRB- al hecho de que se trata de una versión - muy - libre que la aleja del todo de Batman .
Eww , it smells like cats in here . Not that I do n't love cats , but I do n't want my supposed-to-be sleek and stylish comic-book movies reeking like that .
If you 're a drag queen and loved `` Showgirls , '' your newest source of inspiration has arrived . Everyone else : Skip it !
I was pleasantly surprised with this new outing for Halle Berry .
-LSB- Berry -RSB- is giving a performance much too earnest to have been intentionally campy , setting herself up as a veritable shoo-in for this year 's ` Worst Actress ' Razzie . Me-ouch !
this flick is so Giglicious ... I laughed so much I almost forgave Pitof for being in heat and spraying this cinematic violation all over DC 's trademark vixen
Not beautifully bad so much as just plain terrible .
Halle is Berry , Berry sexy even if the script is less than purr-fect
This is barely a film -- it 's more like a music video-slash - TV-commercial - slash-computer game .
An adolescent fantasy run amok that owes more to drummer Peter Criss than to Julie Newmar .
Me-ouch ! This is going to hurt Halle Berry 's reputation as a serious actress .
Catwoman is not necessarily the year 's worst movie , but it is 2004 's most pathetic .
The complete absence of a distinct visual style robs Catwoman of its imagination and wonder . It looks and feels utterly flat , which is the kiss of death in this genre
Overall , the performances of Berry and Stone are the only things one can sink their claws into here .
Utterly devoid of merit , fantastic or otherwise , a more exasperating descent into the feline world is difficult to imagine .
Benjamin ` Box Office Ebola ' Bratt is in this movie . The last time Ben was in a star vehicle it was Julia Roberts ' Cadillac Escalade .
Instead of basking in the considerable charms Berry has to offer , the director , Pitof ... treats them like accessories to the picture 's flashy , senseless cutting and overused special effects .
Goes on my ` worst ' list for the year , and quite possibly for all time .
It 's a Spiderman ripoff , where commerical artist is bitten by a radioactive ***** ... okay , breathed on by the Egyptian cat goddess Bescht . Same damn thing !
Catwoman should be a fantasy fest enjoyed by every fetishist and dominatrix in the country .
It is just , for the most part , another run-of-the-mill craptacular destined to be forgotten in a couple of weeks ...
Oops ! A costume catastrophe .
This hilarious , sexy , exciting farce is instead so consistently surprising and dazzling that I 'm still not sure if it 's a good-bad movie or a good-good movie .
This hairball on the soiled rug of the summer blockbuster schedule is gruesome enough to have been ejected from the esophagus of Bill the Cat ...
This film is just awful . A kitty cat-aclysm .
Maybe if Catwoman did n't take itself so seriously , the filmmakers might have been onto something .
Watching claws being scraped against a chalkboard apparently is n't any more enjoyable than listening to it .
Catwoman is dragged down by a paper-thin story , the predictable number of fight scenes executed at equally predictable intervals and stock , unmemorable characters .
Get out the kitty litter .
Most respectable comic-book plots rely on a genius scientist gone insane , an alien invader or the like as villainous foil . In Catwoman , the bad guy is a cosmetics company .
An odd , idiosyncratic movie -- dark in look and dark in spirit -- that plays as a kind of pop culture investigation into the meaning of feminism and the options open to women in the modern world .
This Catwoman 's super power is dressing up Halle Berry in a sexy leather number and still leaving audiences snoozing .
Halle Berry 's Catwoman is a dog . And no amount of tight black leather outfits , nauseating CGI effects and good-looking actors and actresses is going to change that .
Here 's a movie that has nothing going for it except good bone structure .
Catwoman is almost unbelievably dumb .
Arguably the worst superhero film ever made .
A dopey , confused production .
A clawless cross-breed of comic book movie cliches .
Catwoman does n't belong on the big screen . It belongs in the litter box or to be scraped off the bottom of our shoes as we head quickly for another theater .
The cinematic equivalent of a cat box .
If Halle Berry keeps this up , she 's going to have to give that Oscar back .
Catwoman is fully as terrible as you guessed it might be .
Catwoman is n't really bad enough to be one of those awful movies we ca n't resist , nor is it incompetent enough to be the female Daredevil .
The worst superhero movie to date .
Over-the-top and mostly preposterous , Catwoman just might be the Mommie Dearest of comic-book-based movies .
-LSB- A -RSB- laughable disaster .
After Gothika and now her turn in this Catwoman , it seems like Berry 's career may be headed toward the litter box .
Watching -LSB- Halle Berry -RSB- run around in that getup I felt embarrassed , the way I do for people who put on makeup before climbing a StairMaster -- it 's too much .
This wretched film is nothing but an excuse to show -LSB- Halle Berry -RSB- wearing that skimpy leather suit .
Swordfish ; Gothika ; this howler . Best Actress winner Halle Berry is getting dangerously close to exhausting her nine Hollywood lives .
You got ta be kidding me .
The summer that gave us what is arguably the best comic book movie of all time -- Spider-Man 2 -- has now choked up what is arguably the worst .
Having self confidence is one thing , but Catwoman commits burglaries and constantly assaults people , whether they deserve it or not .
Every odorous frame before and after -LSB- the ` outfit ' -RSB- can be safely consigned to the litter box .
... makes me long for the quiet dignity of Arnold Schwarzenegger 's performance in ` Batman and Robin . '
French director Pitof exhibits an approach to filmmaking as one-dimensional and pretentious as his own name .
Hate is a strong word , but nowhere near fierce enough to describe the ear-steaming loathing Catwoman deserves .
Law & Order : Feline Investigations Unit .
Yes , this is a movie about killer cosmetics . Once you stop laughing at that , there 's much more nonsense to endure .
When you have Berry in a Catwoman costume and Stone in a catsuit , and you ca n't even stage a decent catfight , why make a Catwoman movie at all ?
If you like `` Van Helsing '' and `` The Punisher , '' then you 'll enjoy this . Catwoman is worth seeing for its camp value and is better than it has any right to be .
The haphazardly cut-together action scenes have been ` enhanced ' with laughably bad digital effects ; you could find screen savers with better animation .
Tired and dated .
If one good thing can come out of this film , it 's that this should provide an everlasting blueprint for what not to do with a comic book film .
As for the story , which details how meek , gentle Patience Philips -LRB- Berry -RRB- came to be Catwoman , met a sexy detective -LRB- Benjamin Bratt -RRB- and defeated a skin cream empire , it goes down -LRB- and comes back up -RRB- like a hairball .
Plays like a Lifetime movie on estrogen overdose , barely held together by a script that should have been tossed out with the kitty litter .
The screenplay is flat and predictable , and bad dialogue prevails .
They had me at the random basketball scene .
The film drags at 91 minutes , filled with dead air that should be crackling with pulp energy .
Catwoman mixes its messages , but it mixes them with style .
-LSB- A -RSB- sloppy , dull , brain-dead waste of a movie .
So much talent wasted . So much money squandered . So much opportunity missed .
Another phony story of female empowerment .
The stench of the litter pan is all over this big-screen $ 90 million disaster-in-waiting .
If things begin to go south for the actress careerwise , Berry can use Catwoman as an audition reel to land a part in a road company of Cats .
The movie suffers from the opposite of a syndrome affecting most comic-book spin-offs .
The result may appeal to Berry 's fans but is Catwoman in name only .
Not everybody will be able to swallow its heady romanticism , yet its French director , Pitof , has brought sophistication to a comic book sensibility .
I 've never cared much for cats anyway , but this clinches it . Next time I see one , I 'm going to kick it into the river .
Catwoman is stillborn in this resurrection , no matter how sweet the Berry .
A sloppy , schlocky piece of work .
You 'd never know Berry is an Oscar-winning actress -- her performance as Patience is downright amateurish .
Seems destined to join Showgirls and its ilk as a fast-starting and even faster-fading theatrical release that could enjoy an afterlife as a midnight movie and video/DVD item where viewers supply alternate dialogue .
This movie is not dark enough , campy enough or smart enough to succeed on any level .
Any way you look at it , Catwoman disappoints .
Cartoonish effects and overacting make this more corn than catnip .
The Showgirls of superhero movies .
Catwoman is destined not for a Mystery Science Theater 3000 fate but for immortality as one of the subtlest , most thorough parodies I 've ever seen .
There is n't an original bone in its body , but that is n't even the problem : no one in the production had any idea how to rip off better films with any degree of competence .
Catwoman looks and feels like something culled together by a committee of greedy and inexperienced first-time producers . And horny 14-year-olds .
Halle Berry is doing herself no favours with a screenplay so routine it seems to be trying to go unnoticed .
Those looking for anything approximating a storyline along with their jigglefest will just have to keep dreaming .
Cheesy special effects , under drawn characters , simplistic writing -LRB- by a committee of scribes -RRB- and music video direction will likely draw the attention-deficit crowd
... a repeat viewing of Spider-Man 2 would undoubtedly be a better idea ...
Catwoman is not destined to have nine lives .
Putting Halle Berry in a tight leather suit is a good idea . The rest of the movie is not .
Less like a comic-book movie than a feature-length S&M video ... Let 's just hope Warner Bros. gets this feline spayed to prevent a sequel .
Catwoman has all the appeal of a hairball .
Wildly entertaining -- but for all the wrong reasons .
Campy , smart-and-dumb fun .
A purr-fectly ridiculous and boring cat-astrophe .
A movie needs more than a few sexual innuendos and throaty purrs to keep us from taking a catnap .
It 's not even campy enough for a good laugh .
She can do everything a Spider-Man can , but worse . Much , much , much , much worse .
Directed by a Frenchman with the single , not uncatlike name of Pitof , Catwoman is a howlingly silly , moderately diverting exercise in high , pointless style .
Entertaining , if not the cat 's meow .
Pure catnip for people who are partial to campy , stylish chick-flicks ...
A cynical and taxing trip through a thoroughly artificial world of obnoxious action , empowerment cliches , R&B cross-marketing and teeth-gnashing asides .
Despite its feline pretensions , Catwoman belongs to another animal family -- it 's either a dog or a turkey . Take your pick .
Worst of all is how it never defines Catwoman - is she fighting for good and balancing that with cattish outbursts of bad , or just looking for an open can of tuna ?
Berry , bodacious bod on constant display in a variety of odd contortions , moves as though she were choreographed by a low-rent version of Bob Fosse
Halle just hacked a hairball all over the summer boxoffice . And it ai n't pretty .
Spayed and declawed update of the oft-told DC Comics tale .
Most of the movie has the cruddy lighting and generic , death-by-franchise atmosphere of a third-rate spectacle that 's been worked over by too many hacks .
A feline rehash of the Spider-Man origin story , with a whole lot more rump-shaking . -LRB- Tomato squeaks by as edible . -RRB-
It 's bad enough that not only are careers over , but somebody should be slapped .
What 's not to love about a gal with a whip , stilettos , and sharp rhinestone claws ? Guilty pleasure be thy name !
Not even the sight of Halle Berry brandishing a whip while wearing a barely-there black leather catsuit is enough to excuse this campy exercise in bad filmmaking .
So bad that I actually recommend you see it . It 's the movie you and your friends will rip on all summer long .
Big-budget cheesiness built around the idea of getting Halle Berry into a sexy outfit
Catwoman meows , purrs , and hisses , but mostly just sucks .
Catwoman has nothing on its mind but random movement and the airing of every lipstick shade from Revlon 's Fall collection
The latest comic book adaptation is marred by contrived plotting , self-indulgent direction , a campy vibe and a weak villain .
This plodding , by-the-numbers superhero flick has all the feline grace of a walleyed mastiff .
This cat does n't purr .
Overtly bad -LRB- and unintentionally funny -RRB- enough to become a camp classic .
Feels as if it 's been pieced together from a dozen or so Ally McBeal parodies posing as hip-hop videos .

@highlight

Halle Berry is the lone bright spot , but even she ca n't save this laughable action thriller .