A gentle , minor tribute to one of Hollywood 's greatest loves that proves how lucky we were to have them , and how much luckier they were to have each other .
For 90 minutes , we forget they 're gone , spending valuable time with two very different but well-bonded and equally charming Hollywood icons .
Ms. Fisher is brainy and salty and hilarious , and she 's frank and eloquent in describing being bipolar .
This is the film we have - one that is likely to leave those who loved Reynolds or Fisher loving them even more .
Many of those mourning the deaths last week of `` Star Wars '' icon Carrie Fisher and her mother and Hollywood legend Debbie Reynolds feel as if they 've lost good friends . The HBO documentary ... helps explain that grief .
Bright Lights : Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds is an exploration of this unusual relationship and a celebration of the beautiful lives left behind .
-LSB- A -RSB- captivating , show-bizzy documentary .
The burden of care is on both sides , and so , in Bright Lights , is its beauty .
Bright Lights is a heartbreaking tribute to a singular mother-daughter relationship .
If you have or had a mother , or a daughter , or a father , or a son , you are likely to blubber through Bright Lights ... But do n't . You will miss part of the show , and Reynolds would not want that .
Fascinating women , fascinating lives . Do n't miss it .
A very good film that I would have much preferred to watch either three months ago or three months from now .
HBO moving ` Bright Lights '' premiere could play as a rather ghoulish bit of exploitation . But it does n't , because the film is such a celebration of both extraordinary women , and the bond they shared right up to their final days .
Although difficult to watch at times because of Debbie and Carrie 's recent passing , this unusual documentary emerges as a marvelous tribute to its wonderful subjects .
It was a fascinating documentary before , but now it 's a treasure .
The film may not be revelatory as an expose of two Hollywood icons , but as a celebration of love and resilience as captured in the smallest moments of their lives , it is remarkable .
Bright Lights is way too short , probably . I could have watched these two across a movie twice as long . They 're clearly more interesting than just about every other celebrity -LRB- two-bit of legitimate -RRB- who allows cameras to follow their day to day lives .
The film transcends utility . It 's a sober yet gracious cautionary tale about fame and fandom and a powerful portrait of love in action .
It captures these two extremely vital spirits in the very recent past , and makes you feel the loss of them even more sharply .
Bright Lights plucks -LSB- Fisher 's -RSB- star and that of her mother down from distant heights and lets us gently hold them for a time , reassuring us that their brilliance and humanity was real , their mutual endearment unbreakable .
Bright Lights is a much better way to remember them . It was n't supposed to double as a requiem , but who knew at the time ?
These scrappy survivors are great company , for each other and for their admirers who will treasure this glimpse into their private and professional lives .
Lights can also stand as Fisher 's tender , touching , typically rueful goodbye-to-all-that , a summing up of her life both at the heart of and somewhat off to the margins of a classic celebrity narrative .
-LSB- Bright Lights -RSB- deepens our understanding of who these people were , why they mattered and what their oft-examined and perhaps misunderstood bond might have been really all about .
Thanks to its stars , and the work of directors Alexis Bloom and Fisher Stevens , it 's peppy , wistful , and a little transgressive all at once .
No matter how unsinkable you are , no matter how hard you try to use The Force , it 's impossible to look at that image of mother and daughter , fiercely by each other 's sides , and do anything other than cry .
Both camps will find much to move them in Bright Lights , especially the profound bond between its subjects and the obstacles that were overcome to make it last .
This new documentary about Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher celebrates them in hilarious and heart-stirring fashion .
A beauty that will mostly make you laugh and , of course , cry .
Self-deprecating bon mots , wordplay , song lyrics and perfectly timed occasional moans are what elevate this beyond simple `` Keeping Up With '' material .
Even without the sadness that now floods Bright Lights , it would still be a classic of its kind .
If Bright Lights is , at times , a sharp reminder of what 's been lost , it 's also convincing evidence that wherever Fisher and Reynolds are now , they 're almost certainly together .
Both women shine so brightly here - apart but especially together - that it drives home the enormity of their absence .
It 's a melancholy final visit in light of the recent death of both its subjects . But it 's still a rare chance for viewers to sneak behind those weird , eccentric compound gates , and hang out as if they were part of the family .
Now that they 're gone , the film instantly becomes the loveliest farewell gift .
What would have been a straightforward , reality TV-esque insight into two very interesting women is elevated beyond measure by the recent tragedy of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds ' deaths .
A tender , human , and very , very funny portrait of Hollywood royalty .
Simultaneously heartwarming and heartbreaking ...
'' ... two people who loved each other so much they could n't spend even a day apart . ''
The real reason to watch Bright Lights is for the scenes between Fisher and Reynolds ; some are priceless .
t 's a beautifully filmed , whip-smart , perfectly edited love letter to a legendary mother-daughter duo that respects and honors their relationship without sugarcoating their troubled and checkered history .
It 's a raw , revealing , hairy-warts-and-all look inside their lives and the Beverly Hills compound ... they shared . And it serves as a fitting eulogy for both , only occasionally coming across as more heartbreaking than heartwarming .
Bright Lights not only captures the unique nature of their bond -- forged , as it was , under such intense scrutiny -- but what made them special , both individually and together .
Bright Lights , an affectionate and intimate documentary produced and directed by Alexis Bloom and Fisher Stevens , gives a more balanced view of one of show business 's famous mother-daughter duos .
Even if -LSB- both subjects -RSB- had n't died within a day of each other last week , Bright Lights : Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds would have been a lovely , bittersweet portrait of a complicated yet unusually devoted mother-daughter relationship .
You leave the movie wanting so much more of -LSB- Fisher -RSB- , it hurts .
The film is surprisingly revealing , given the fact that its two subjects , in both similar and individual ways , are playing for the audience .
A wonderfully entertaining program , Bright Lights shows just how close the mother and daughter had become in recent years ... that vaguely brings to mind Grey Gardens without the fallen-from-grace squalor .
The film is an appealing intermingling of Reynolds 's old Hollywood sensibilities , including her storehouse of movie collectibles and her always-exquisite hair and makeup , and Fisher 's gonzo , therapized , contemporary Hollywood wit .
`` Bright Lights '' captures the essence of what they had together - not just a bond but a mother-daughter marriage . One that lasted two lifetimes .
There are worse ways to spend 95 minutes than in the company of two people you like , admire , and are enduringly charmed by .
The resiliency of the Reynolds tribe-mother and both children-is what makes the movie such a fascinating , voyeuristic view into Hollywood mythmaking .
What the film is really about is the bond between a mother and daughter who through it all can still bring a little joy into each others lives and the daughter who is holding onto that moment as long as she can .
If the film is as disorderly in its structure as the messy family history it surveys , time spent with these wonderful subjects makes that seem sweetly appropriate .
This touching love story - with each other , the past , and the camera - has clear appeal , to ` Old Hollywood ' fans , to Star Wars followers , to voyeurs in general .

@highlight

Bright Lights : Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds is a touching , bittersweet , and ultimately charming love story that serves as a poignantly effective tribute to the strangely complicated , uniquely resilient mother/daughter duo .