In common with her famous actor/filmmaker father , Ms. Eastwood seems to have an instinctual grasp of the petty grievances and triumphs of working-class American life .
Feels so forced and determined to convey a certain emotion that its authenticity is lost . And when there 's no sense of authenticity , there 's no emotional attachment .
Kevin Bacon turns in a solid , attention grabbing performance as a rigid , scornful man in a deep funk just trying to cling to a familiar world disintegrating all around him .
DVD is the perfect place for a movie like Rails & Ties . Somehow it 's easier to block out the often forced nature of the plot and just enjoy the rich performances and the humane themes .
Alison Eastwood has created a film of quiet delicacy , something fragile yet resolute , and shot through with a life affirming thread that is brave enough to suggest that sometimes life does indeed blossom from tragedy .
It 's hard to get over the implausibility of the premise in Micky Levy 's script , even though the characters themselves acknowledge that they 're in a ridiculous situation .
The metaphors flow almost as freely as the tears in this sentimental weepie .
There 's just not much here to recommend at all .
One highly unlikely circumstance after another become laughable , preventing you from being moved by the family tragedies depicted . They beg for tears , but a script this chock-full of holes is unlikely to elicit the desired effect .
Everyone involved will move on to bigger and better things and leave this series of unfortunate events behind on the tracks , waiting for a midnight train to put it out of its considerable misery .
I think somehow the filmmakers lost the way , lost sight of the people inside the plot .
The younger Eastwood tells her story with sledgehammer blows .
Either an unsuccessfully manipulative , sappy melodrama or the most deranged concept for a family sitcom anyone has ever developed .
All the astute acting in the world ca n't bring such a preposterous story into the station on time and intact .
It 's not all bad .
In the right hands , this might be the stuff of compelling cinema . Instead , Rails and Ties sinks into melodrama .
While it has the appearance of a made-for-TV weepie , it 's well-acted , technically proficient , a solid story with genuine , credible emotions .
... ultimately redeemed by Kevin Bacon 's expectedly engrossing performance .
It 's closer to a small kind of affecting and simply human story we rarely get to see in mainstream movies anymore .
While it features three strong performance and the debut of a promising filmmaker , the story line is obvious and rather melodramatic .
Alison Eastwood makes her directing debut with this ludicrous melodrama , in which a troubled couple and a newly orphaned boy heal each others ' emotional wounds against a backdrop of blunt metaphors .
-LSB- Director Alison -RSB- Eastwood has the advantage of two very fine actors , Kevin Bacon and Marcia Gay Harden , who have the ability to lift the most mediocre of material into another realm .
A movie that should have had some more work done to it , and could have been better if it had , arrives with all its flaws carefully preserved .
The only conceivable reason for Warner Bros. to -LRB- barely -RRB- release this mush is as a favor to Clint Eastwood , whose daughter Alison directed .
A modest but emotionally affecting drama .
Rails & Ties essentially remains a TV movie weepie , but it 's a high-end one .
An hour and a half of emotional overload that you can either buy into and feel depressed , or reject and feel cheated .
Fortunately for first-time director Alison Eastwood , Rails & Ties is populated by three sensitive actors who tread carefully through Micky Levy 's anachronistic script .
Heartfelt , compelling family drama , particularly for an adult , female audience .
Rails & Ties is so self-consciously unadorned that it feels as if its director did n't want us to think that she was trying to make a cinematic statement . She has n't .
No amount of clunky train metaphors can cover up the movie 's routine dramatic trajectory .
As lovely as some of the footage looks and as committed as are the three lead performances , they serve only to make Rails & Ties play like an exceptionally well-acted and well-made Lifetime movie .
There 's a chance that a good film might have been salvaged from these questionable ingredients , but Eastwood opts for the tried-and-true approach of tearjerkers past .
Scripts -LSB- do n't -RSB- come any sudsier than Micky Levy 's awesomely bathetic Rails & Ties .
No doubt about it , Alison Eastwood has picked up a thing or two from her old man . Her debut feature is slow , deliberate , assured , and shot with a graceful feel for place -- none of which is enough to overcome the creaky themes .
No one needed to pull the emergency brake to derail this movie , but they should have anyway .
Alison Eastwood has a good eye for composition but misses out completely on bringing some much-needed rhythmic variety and humor to the maudlin source material .
The opening act is strong , but the story 's trajectory is so obvious this often seems to be traveling along tracks as well -- into a valley of soap suds .
It 's becoming a bit tiresome watching Kevin Bacon suffer , and he is n't done any favors by this thudding weeper .
Mr. Bacon , Ms. Gay Harden and Mr. Heizer are talented enough almost to bring off this fragile conceit -- almost , but not quite .
Rails & Ties is definitely a heart-tugger , but it earns its tears modestly .
-LSB- Eastwood 's -RSB- gotten over the hurdle of making that first film ; now , I want to see what she 's really capable of doing .
A capable but modest directorial debut by Alison Eastwood .
This directorial debut by Clint 's daughter gets stuck in a one-way dramatic track .
To describe the plot is to parody the film . Though impeccably acted and directed with a solemn , professional gloss , it sinks under the weight of its absurdity .



@highlight

Despite the strong cast , Rails & Ties is an emotionally overwrought , not entirely believable melodrama .