It misrepresents illness in order to be amusing and Shakespeare in order to seem deep .
`` My Own Private Idaho '' is both a love story and a tragedy . It remains the high point in Gus Van Sant 's career .
A simultaneously heartbreaking and exhilarating road movie .
Holding all these elements together is Van Sant 's sensibility , such an elusive thing it instinctively squirms away from any attempt to pigeonhole it .
Although River Phoenix has distinguished himself as an actor ever since his second film , Stand By Me , nothing he has ever done before prepares you for his performance in Private Idaho as the motherless , homeless , loveless piece of human driftwood .
Cracked and beautiful , stranger than strange , yet in some assuring way so pulsing with life that it embraces you as warmly as Father Knows Best .
Van Sant proves again that he is masterful at charting the hearts and minds of young people adrift .
This is a very rich , very sympathetic piece of work .
-LSB- Van Sant -RSB- disdain -LSB- s -RSB- narrative . He got away with Drugstore Cowboy because its band of drugged-out dodoes were engaged in a petty crime spree that almost passed for a plot . But My Own Private Idaho is a different story . Or rather nonstory .
One of the most original cinematic talents at work in this country , Van Sant has a knack for pulling disparate elements together and twisting them into wildly funny lyrical odysseys of the mind and heart .
Audacious , controversial , directional , important and totally unique , you 'll either love it or hate it . But see it !
American indie god Gus Van Sant 's most iconic moment was this giddily rich revisionist road movie-cum-western .
The two actors create vivid characters , but they 're so unsympathetic and Van Sant drags them through so many tiresome , pretentious scenes that it begins to look as if Phoenix 's narcolepsy is n't part of the plot .
Written and directed by Gus Van Sant , who mingles tremendous visual imagination with a leaning toward off-the-wall situations and sometimes raunchy images .
Director-writer Gus Van Sant sets up disturbing -- and , often , oddly comic -- situations and then gives his characters -LRB- and actors -RRB- the freedom to explore them .
Van Sant takes a lot of chances , and , visually , the movie is so imaginative , so fiercely alive , that it carries us along . But when the over-all design of the picture becomes clear , we feel cheated rather than enlightened .
The movie weakens every time Mike 's story is interrupted by the leaden allusions to Shakespeare .
It 's a very poetic film . That is , it includes images that may mean more to the director than the spectator , but the film is an interesting one .
... gets off to a gangbusters start . And then Shakespeare butts in .
My Own Private Idaho might be the perfect cinematic time capsule for '90s aimlessness , universal in its details .
Van Sant photographs the story in his trademark dreamy-surreal style , fusing elements of Warhol with the classic American road movie , and interpreting the Western as the refuge of society 's maligned fringe .
My Own Private Idaho is a seminal movie for many people . It certainly has been for me .
My Own Private Idaho lacks the dramatic punchiness of Drugstore Cowboy , yet it 's a rich , audacious experience .
My Own Private Idaho is a far cry from seamless , but I would gladly trade a dozen well-made studio movies for one of its vital parts .
One of those ambitious , over-reaching disappointments that is more interesting than some more conservative successes .
One of Gus Van Sant 's most personal visions .
One of Van Sant 's best films , a richly dense , poetic evocation of friendhsip that retells Shakespeare 's Henry IV in an original and intriguing way ; River Phoenix gives his most riveting performance .
The film 's uniqueness lies in its remarkable emotional open-heartedness .
A quite stark , poetic rumination on the unyielding desire for home .
Gus Van Sant 's best movie .
Works as a brilliant piece of art , and entertainment .
a unique , poetic work of great intimacy and sadness
Homosexual road movie that espouses the family values of a Disney feature and the pop art sensibilities of a Warhol piece - with a dose of Shakespeare added for good measure .
a high-water mark in '90s independent film
provocative and engaging
Bittersweet , considering the fate of Phoenix .
Van Sant casts a gently hypnotic spell that is not easily forgotten .
Inventive depiction of the universal quest for home .
A provocative , quiet little psychological gem with an indescribable odd charm
The performances , especially by the two young stars , are as surprising as they are sure .
I think this movie gave me narcolepsy
Back when Gus Van Sant actually was a filmmaker ...
Van Sant 's tale of street hustlers is so barren that even the magnetic River Phoenix ca n't do much to help .
Apparently Van Sant believed the reviews anointing him as a genius , and this time he has cheekily dared comparisons with the Bard of Stratford .
An essential testament to the beauty and chops of the late River Phoenix ...
The achievement of this film is that is wants to evoke that state of drifting need , and it does .
Van Sant 's sensibility is wholly original , wholly fresh . My Own Private Idaho adds a new ingredient : a kind of boho sweetness . I loved it .
Even though it falters toward the end , it soars above the fray .
-LSB- Van Sant -RSB- lays claim to being one of the most adventurous filmmakers at work in the U.S. today .
If played straight , this would have had depth , but been an awful cinematic experience .








@highlight

A tantalizing glimpse of a talented director and his stars all at the top of their respective games , Gus Van Sant 's loose reworking of Henry IV is smart , sad and audacious .