Filmmaker Gregory Jacobs , making his debut here , delivers an opening half hour that 's perhaps not as compelling as it could -LRB- or should -RRB- have been ...
A witless high-concept action film that 's forgettable .
This con man movie is best for older teens and up .
Like Richard Widmark , -LSB- John C. Reilly -RSB- is an excellent character actor who can convey both likeability and pathetical desperation simultaneously .
Those viewers who watched NUEVE REINAS beforehand will be affected with increasingly unpleasant feeling of deja vu .
Con film aficionados wo n't find the picture revolutionary , but even they should enjoy the structure , craftsmanship and a nice supporting performance by Maggie Gyllenhaal .
A second-generation photocopy of a David Mamet cryptogram .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a safer , watered-down , but still enjoyable redo .
... the interaction of the movie 's two leads , Reilly and Luna , is so good you might enjoy it for their performances alone .
it 's Training Day for confidence tricksters , an exciting 24-hour tour of LA 's underworld with a headache-inducing sting in its tail .
Considerando-se que o ótimo Nove Rainhas foi realizado há apenas alguns anos , esta refilmagem soa desnecessária , por mais interessante que seja seu roteiro .
... a fairly straightforward remake of the Argentine hit Nine Queens -LRB- 2000 -RRB-
Reilly is perhaps the most amazing fusion of boy and man we have in American movies .
Well acted and intriguing ...
It is n't quite as witty or gritty as Nine Queens , but if you did n't see that film , then see it now that it 's in English .
Like a smash-and-grab job , the movie gets in , springs the con and gets out quick - leaving the viewer to replay the twists on his or her own time .
While the twists at the end are a little more predictable here than in the first film , it 's still an assured work , especially considering that it comes from a first-time director .
Redundant .
This is one of the best con movies I have seen as rare currency is used as the valuable commodity .
A jazzy , offhandedly brilliant exercise in colorful mendacity and shell game shenanigans that benefits from the cool , authoritative occupational swagger of John C. Reilly .
The remake is so faithful to the first film that some of the snap and crackle disappears if you know the plot . It 's like watching The Sixth Sense for a second time .
Yet another inexplicable American remake that adds nothing new to the original .
Itself something of a counterfeit , ` Criminal ' loses coherence at each new plot twist , eventually becoming silly and contrived .
Maybe I 'm dense , but the finale of Criminal left me not exactly sure what was won and what was lost or why I should care .
With dashes of black humour and pointed glimpses of the American class system , Criminal is a taut con-versus-con game whose deft artistry is n't fully revealed until the last few minutes .
A kind of who-done-what ? puzzle . You 'll probably enjoy it much more if you have n't seen the 2002 Argentine film , Nine Queens .
You ca n't go too far wrong on the performance front with John C. Reilly , Diego Luna or Maggie Gyllenhaal , but this one never really goes above average .
Like déjà vu all over again .
Not smooth or seductive enough to coerce you into taking it at face value .
even when the emotional aspect of the story starts to work , it is ultimately undermined by a final twist
A competent Americanization of the Argentinian film `` Nine Queens , '' with John C. Reilly seemingly enjoying his atypical leading role .
Criminal can be praised and damned for its fidelity to the Argentinean masterpiece Nine Queens .
If subtitles are not your thing and you 're in the mood to witness an elegant con job in the classic Mamet mold , then Criminal is the card to play .
The Argentinean film Nine Queens re-dealt in a by-the-numbers American version set in Los Angeles .
... unfolds like a David Mamet film ...
Jacobs has brought the barrio into noir , and that 's no small achievement . If nothing else , it opens the door to a whole new galaxy of grift .
This remake of ` Nine Queens ' is just as absorbing for those who did not see the original .
Discerning audiences wo n't be scammed with this one .
This double-whammy re-make will keep you guessing until the end .
Cast against type , Reilly unequivocally demonstrates the range , versatility , and ability that made him such a hot prospect over the last decade .
... newbies looking for an easy-breezy Ocean 's Eleven-and-a-Half should get a kick out of this frugally low-key , innocuous cover song of a caper .
It is near impossible to make a great movie about con artists , because of the very nature of the genre itself .
Reilly and Luna make a chemically appealing screen team .
Jacobs -- who for many years was Soderbergh 's assistant director -- keeps things moving at a sprightly pace , and cinematographer Chris Menges does a terrific job of capturing L.A. in all its mercurial glory .
This is a chance for Reilly to strut his stuff -- so good he ought to be illegal -- in harmony or against the grain with a variety of terrific character actors .
The remake is infinitely more entertaining if you have n't seen Nine Queens -- the details are different , but the surprises are the same and something of the first film 's underlying darkness has been lost in translation .
Maybe watching Reilly , Luna and Gyllenhaal is quite enough entertainment value for any movie .
The problems lie not with the actors but with a glib approach that exposes the flaws of the original story .
The fast , forced plot , which moves up from street grifts to a big score involving rare currency , lives in the amusing and zippered byplay of Luna and Reilly , who achieve a sort of marriage du jour for criminal purposes .
It 's a good film , suitably entertaining , but there 's the nagging question of why everyone bothered .
In the end , coincidence undoes Criminal .
Those unfamiliar with Fabian Bielinsky 's 2002 film will delight to this delicious deviousness .
The constant shadow of doubt keeps the viewer from investing in the characters , because we suspect one or more of them is n't what they seem .
L.A. looks hip in its lemonade light , and the low-budget Ocean 's Eleven attitude gives Criminal a certain down-and-out swing .
It instantly earns a place alongside Jim McBride 's pointless American take on Godard 's Breathless on Hollywood 's long , long shelf of misguided remakes .
Entertaining and well acted , but redundant and a bit machinelike .
In a way , the whole movie is a con job -- offering an inferior copy of something that was n't too wonderful to begin with , while pretending that it has something new and stylish to sell .
Does n't exactly reinvigorate an overworked genre , but neither does it disgrace the format or the original movie .
A breathless and dazzling caper that knocks your socks off .
It 's such a pleasure being in the company of these actors as they work with character-rich material that if they burst into the audience and swindled us out of our wallets , we would gladly oblige .
It 's a listless , dutiful affair -- a cover version played out of obligation , not inspiration .
Its spiral of deceptions within deceptions remains resolutely character-based until the outlandish end , which proves emotionally satisfying because it 's based on what really drives people as much as too-clever plotting .
An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
Reilly plays it so dour and unappealing , and Gyllenhaal comes off like such a sourpuss it 's hard to garner a rooting interest one way or another .
The disparity between Richard and Rodrigo is too great and the impossible coincidences of the ending are too far-fetched .
This is the kind of movie so full of coincidence and double crosses that you simply do n't have the mental energy to go back and sort it all out at the end .
Some snappy dialogue , fine performances and lots of shady atmosphere give Criminal a tasty B-movie flavor .
What elevates Criminal into a delicious con in the league of Red Rock West , House of Games or Matchstick Men is John C. Reilly .
Follows the original fairly closely , and because I already knew the plot secrets , it could n't work on me in its intended way . As the recycled characters , dialog and events turned up , there seemed to be an echo in the room .
Glances at family dynamics and class divisions benefit the genre mix , and the cast animates the lean script with a simmering brew of charm , smarm , ferocious greed and street smarts .
Reilly sheds a career playing dupes and schlubs and gives his first full-tilt electric performance .
Scores higher than most con artist movies by focusing more on the artists than the con .
Criminal has a wonderful modern film noir feel punctuated with incredibly clever dialog ...
It has half the panache and none of the surprise for anyone who saw the original .
It 's funny , fast-paced , and sharp - as entertaining in English as it was in Spanish .
I have to give Nine Hearts the edge but Criminal is an honest remake of its source material .
But ... but ... it 's the same movie .
a quirky daylight noir with a plot that spins on a dime as its twists and turns on its way to proving that it 's greed , not love , that doth make fools of us all
We know someone is pulling something , and someone is going to get away with something , and someone is going to be left holding the bag of cheese , but Jacobs keeps us on our toes .
Manages to satisfy despite being inferior to the original on nearly every level .
John C. Reilly stars as a gimlet-eyed con man in this clever and diverting adaptation of the Argentine thriller Nine Queens .
Inherently calculated and cold , so smugly satisfied with itself and its surprise final trick that it seems to be running its own con to convince us the script 's house of cards is actually substantial , original and slick .
A reminder of the genre 's irresistible lure and what pleasures can be derived when it cares enough to do things right .
A light , speedy movie , as agreeably modest as a pop hit or a BLT .
Habitual duplicity and backstabbing create a stimulating , deceptively intricate plot maze in this sharp , shrewd , but not showy remake .
It 's all done with sufficient style that , when we get there , the end no longer feels like the point .
The finest tribute I can lavish on this stateside remake of 2002 's Argentinean export Nine Queens is that it took me a full hour to remember I had seen the original -- and reviewed it , no less .
Criminal does what every good con-game movie should : It keeps you guessing .
Criminal is the sort of movie David Mamet would love -- or make .
This remake of the Argentine hit is effective at times , and Gyllenhaal shows a new side of her talent , but the main impression is of first-rate performers doing second-rate work .
It 's hip , witty and fun , and will remind you why movies are made in the first place .
It 's an auspicious debut for first-timer Gregory Jacobs .
Fans of con-man capers will have no regrets after watching Criminal .
Jacobs does n't add anything new to the genre , but his version of taking the concepts out for a walk is entertaining enough to mark time until Ocean 's Twelve .
Caper-movie lightning in a bottle , Criminal grifts the audience in a spectacular way .
A strong cast and some nice surprises , but misses the sparkle of the original .
Although Criminal retains its source material 's cleverness and intricate plotting , something seems to have been lost in the translation .
The performances are winning -- Gyllenhaal is particularly sharp as an aggrieved sibling , and there 's mutual zing in her scenes with Reilly .
An exercise where viewers are likely to ponder not ` How did the characters do it ? ' but ` Who cares ? '
May not be any great shakes as a cinematic puzzle , but it gives Reilly and Luna an opportunity to perform a thespian song-and-dance routine .
The returns will be diminished for those too familiar with the story .
The cast comes off like a buncha cute , likable kids playing dress-up , which only intensifies the movie 's pointless karaoke flavor .
If you missed the original , Criminal is a reasonable facsimile .
an easy mark to make and a hard movie to sell to paying customers .
A retread and it feels like it .
The result is n't as compelling as Nine Queens , but it 's a respectable caper movie in the tradition of The Sting and David Mamet 's Heist .
-LSB- D -RSB- amn if Criminal does n't actually improve upon The Nine Queens , the Argentine film upon which it is very closely based .
A classic crime caper that twists and turns with an easy subtly .
Mines David Mamet territory in tone and dialogue but a good con like this is still highly entertaining .
-LSB- Full of -RSB- fine acting and sharp dialog .
By the end , those who have n't seen Nine Queens may applaud the entertaining sleight-of-hand ... those who have may lament that Criminal is the proverbial old dog .
The movie was made just four years ago by Argentinian director Fabian Bielinsky . It is called Nine Queens , and it is vastly superior to this blah U.S. remake from director Gregory Jacobs .
Criminal 's biggest offense may be that Jacobs and his actors make absolutely no attempt to rewrite Nine Queens .
Produced by Soderbergh , Criminal bears an uncanny resemblance to the master 's films .
We got two and a half more months of crap to go before we get to the holiday/awards season .









@highlight

If you saw Nine Queens , it may feel redundant , but the snappy performances make it fun to watch .