A few surprisingly effective set pieces that earn some legitimate scares , regardless of how familiar it 's all starting to feel .
The latest installment is n't quite as terrifying as the second , but it 's still extremely creepy and engrossing and everything you 'd want in a 21st-century nightmare maker .
I just spent the whole movie covering my eyes , opening them right before what I knew was going to happen happened ... and then shutting them again and curling up . These movies , man . They get me every time .
Sustaining horror is what the Paranormal Activity movies are all about and in that sense , part 3 does n't disappoint .
A couple of hair-raising moments , a couple of legitimate jolts and some funny cheap ones .
Drips with tension , horror , and building suspense that explodes in to a mind blowing finale that you 'll not soon forget .
Paranormal Activity 3 does n't reinvent the series ' wheel but it definitely refines an already effective format .
There really just are n't any scares to be had here . Even people who normally find themselves scared at the smallest `` boo '' will find themselves drifting off less than halfway through the film .
Paranormal Activity 3 delivers , and does it without gore or `` look at me ! '' special effects .
In the moments that count , those silent wolf-hour compositions of gathering dread , the franchise has earned a place of pride in horror history .
Delivers the clean , simple jolts and scares the series is known for .
Delves far more into the mythology of the series , which may render the picture less scary to some , but there 's still enough thrills and chills to keep most audiences thoroughly freaked .
It 's another low-budget , high-concept excursions into shock horror filmmaking that once again uses the audience 's imagination against them to produce a wild flurry of shrieks and scares .
For me , it was a matter of diminishing returns on a product that was n't very good to begin with .
You do n't go to horror movies for story . You go for sensation , to be moved . Paranormal Activity 3 not only gets that , it also asks you to get it , to be aware of how you 're being moved , and your part in the moving .
Yes , it feels familiar , but they keep finding a way to make me nervous/scared .
given the increasing familiarity -LRB- some might say `` exhaustion '' -RRB- of these aesthetic devices , it is almost unavoidable that Paranormal Activity 3 will feel like a slight letdown
The tension is slowly bled out , the metacommentary on movies ' phantom power is eerie , and the directors capture a creepiness in the sleepy , after-hour spaces of home .
`` Paranormal Activity 3 '' the best in the bunch . If you are ready for a scare and maybe a sleepless night check out this edition and be prepared for some unanswered questions and a few new answers !
Visible for miles , the predictable turn of the VHS tape undermines a movie that 's already weak in scariness .
It 's everything you expect -- bad writing , bad acting , bad direction , dull characters and long stretches of boredom punctuated by sudden jolts .
The Paranormal Activity saga continues in a prequel that covers much of the same ground as its predecessors ...
Continues the broken/mixed family dynamic of the previous two films , but the characters here are more sharply drawn and more sympathetic .
Paranormal Activity 3 continues the spooky thrills in its exploration of a secular family haunted by evil .
Confounds the continuity of previous entries -LRB- according to the series ' Internet fan base -RRB- and adds few new scares ...
The formula is the same -- do n't show too much , but scare the hell out of people by letting their imaginations run wild .
... the third time , alas , is not the charm .
Sorry ... ghosts dropping spoons just do n't scare me anymore .
It preys on our fear of the unknown . As soon as that ` unknown ' is revealed by the end , you ca n't help but feel kind of insulted . Is that all there is ? The answer , unfortunately , is yes .
Paranormal Activity 3 rarely feels like a `` new '' film , opting instead to frame old tricks in a new setting .
The film is the best-shot - if the least scary - of the series .
Not since -LSB- Halloween -RSB- has a horror franchise managed to squander all of its early potential in quite as few steps .
See it if you enjoyed the other Paranormal Activity films . It is more of a Halloween treat than a trick , but only just .
Paranormal Activity 3 is an effective and genuinely scary prequel-slash-threequel that effectively expands the story and wo n't disappoint fans of the first two films .
The slow-building , low-key creepiness finally explodes with a welcome rattling ingenuity .
Aside from the fan-cam , 3 has little to offer : the camera is shakier and 2 's ludicrous backstory is continued .
It is n't all that scary but the suspense keeps your eyes glued to the screen
If you rolled your eyes at the first two films , you wo n't like the third installment . But if you were scared before , you 'll wet your pants during this one .
Paranormal Activity 3 continues to milk the formula of its predecessors , but also manages to breathe some new life into the franchise and maintain its trademark intensity .
PA3 not only delivers quality jolts in spades , it turns out to be much scarier than The Blair Witch Project .
A fresh competitor for the title of `` most-boring-horror-movie-ever , '' `` Paranormal Activity 3 '' is a student film gone wrong .
When the most innovative thing about the film is that the camera now oscillates , one ca n't help but scoff at the miniscule amount of creativity that has been drizzled into this Halloween cash grab .
Pushes up against the law of diminishing returns . The ` Paranormal Activity ' series is basically a one-trick pony that 's played its sleight-of-hand once too often .
A palpably terrifying experience that will haunt you for days . It should be watched on the big screen in a crowded theater . Bring on number 4 !
After the recent box-office failure of ` Apollo 18 ' , ` Paranormal Activity 3 ' is still making hearts pop out with the same gimmick of `` found footage '' they 've successfully used in the previous films .
If you do n't expect innovation from a part three , then this wo n't disappoint : it may be hokey , but the scares still work .
As before , this third entry in the franchise brushes aside such fripperies as a complex , involving narrative and drills straight down into our most primal fears . The results are as nerve-jangling as ever .
It 's back to the '80s as this found footage horror franchise hits the mark with demons and ghosts who shake and rattle the rambling house of spooky sisters Katie and Kristie .
Bored now . ` Teddy Ruxpin is evil ' would have been a more plausible explanation .
The activity is pretty normal in Paranormal Activity 3 , at least relative to its predecessors .
Joost and Schulman 's analog hack on the expectation of slow-burn scares is fun in short , concentrated bursts . But by the time cut-rate CGI and musty mythology force their way in , it abides by the same rickety revisionism that did in the `` Saw '' films .
. . silly , yet wildly entertaining amusement , as satisfying and regrettable as wolfing down an elephant ear before hopping on the Tilt-a-Whirl .
3 has the most likeable cast by far , some honest laughs and plenty of those patented Paranormal scares .
You know what 's coming , but every time the lights dim and the night number title card appears , you anxiously await the demons next taunt , a number of which are unforgettable .
It 's a little more effective than its immediate predecessor , but its rehash of the same techniques indicates a franchise whose creativity is quickly being exhausted .
Sadly , the time machine treatment does nothing to reenergize the formula , with this latest ghostly rampage practically a shot-for-shot remake of the previous pictures .
Has enough jump-out-of-your-seat moments to make it worth a look if you 're a fan of the franchise - and if that 's primarily all you seek . A decent-but-unremarkable sequel to a landmark in the genre .
What Paranormal Activity 3 still has is powerful inaction , extended nothing-happening moments that crank up tension .
Joost and Schulman sustain a consistent sense of dread , playing with our own fears of things that go bump in the night .
Paranormal Activity 3 proves I was right in being freaked out by Teddy Ruxpin , so thank you Schulman and Joost for validating my fears .
The new ` Activity ' is dumb , strained and obvious . But you 'll be scared all the same , and nothing else matters .
If it lacks the original 's novelty value and sheer sense of surprise , it makes up for it with creative filmmaking , likeable -LRB- for once -RRB- characters , a healthy dash of humor and a couple of great scares .
Same Crap , Different Decade .
The flick improves upon the second films ' problems , but does n't live up to the fresh vibe of the original . I still jumped out of my seat and screamed like a little girl !
If I 'd wanted to spend so much time watching people sleeping , I could have been a train conductor , flight attendant or nurse in a different life .
A taut horror ride with enough thrills , chills and gotcha moments to keep audiences asking for more . -LRB- Movie Review for Parents also available -RRB-
I 'm back in .
If you have n't seen the first two movies , why are you watching this ? And if you have seen the first two movies , why do you need to watch this ?
Directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman did n't invent the Paranormal Activity formula , but they sure do spice it up !
Paranormal Activity 3 , which parts audiences once again with their cash while refusing to move the series ' mythology forward , will frustrate those expecting any sort of continuation from the last film , despite some decent scares .
Series creator Oren Peli and his conscripts have managed to do it again , but you have to wonder how far they can continue to push this found-footage angle .
The shtick movie `` Paranormal Activity 3 '' is the horror equivalent of vaudeville comedy : a little patter , a little pie in the face , repeat .
Shows that if coming up with new magic tricks is n't an option , performing the old tricks with flair will suffice . For a while , anyway .
The best recommendation I can make is that after seeing this one , I 'm interested in seeing the other two .
For sheer knee-jerk scares , Paranormal Activity 3 wo n't have any serious competition all year .
One-ups both of the previous films in quality and quantity of its scares .
This third Paranormal is a prequel that occasionally goes off the rails but also offers more laughs and somewhat more character development than the previous installments .
It ... brings fake-out jolts and humor into play .
I. . . feel insulted ... PA1 just about skated by on the shaky legs of a tale that did n't have quite enough to sustain it but did have some trifling novelty . PA3 does n't even have that .
Far and away the sharpest , most wildly aware film in the series .
Exceedingly familiar and yet maddeningly effective .
There 's something to be said for giving people what they want , but in genre movieland , that strategy droops into lazy cynicism quicker than you can say Saw 3D .
the fear feels very real
The prequel still has some decent ideas and a couple of jolts , but it also repeats creeps from the first two films , lowers itself to using cheap scares and uses the camera POV at times when no sane person would cover his face with a viewfinder .
It 's remarkable the films have n't collapsed into witless repetition . But Paranormal Activity 3 actually is a scary movie .
If you hated the first two or loathe found footage films in general this wo n't change your mind but PA3 is a solid , mostly entertaining supernatural thriller .
The big-money scares definitely pay their way , but so too do the many smaller , subtler janglings of the nerves .
`` Paranormal Activity 3 '' has no interest in art . It just wants to give you the willies with a minimum of gore and a maximum of camcorder dread , and it succeeds .
There are only so many times bodies can be dragged out of frame and tables levitated before the biggest scare of all is the threat of tedium .
This third outing in the faux documentary/found footage , supernatural shocker series finally gets things right .
If the goal is to generate howls of both laughter and terror , Paranormal Activity 3 falls short . It 's too by-the-numbers .
The Paranormal Activity movies are built on fundamental horror concepts , and those fundamentals still hold .
I was n't going to give Paranormal Activity 3 a very good review . Then I tried to sleep the night I saw it .
Two movies later , even die-hard supporters are going to find all this stuff dully familiar .
Paranormal Activity 3 does n't quite inspire the same white-knuckle dread as previous instalments , but when you consider the current state of the horror genre at large -LRB- a veritable grave yard -RRB- , it 's still the funnest ride at the fair .
Spooky and scary - more unnerving and sinister this time ` round .
Finally , some actual activity . The best addition is evidence that when life gets freaky , adults can be at least as scared as kids , if not more .
The filmmakers throw in a few cheesy scares : mom in a monster mask , a baby sitter jumping in front of a camera . But the rest is pretty freaking cool .
`` Paranormal '' reveals itself for what it has become , the `` Saw '' of found video thrillers .
It 's not so much a movie as it is a cinematic cardio exam , with directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman , the guys who made `` Catfish , '' pounding away again and again to see how much your heart can take .
Inexplicably , there are people who still have n't had enough of these movies . The first was a nifty novelty . Now the appeal has worn threadbare .
PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 3 feels the most like a real film , even though it sticks to the exhausted found footage format of the first two .
The bottom line , for me , is this : I do n't scare easily at horror films -LRB- that 's one of the reasons I tend to pan them -RRB- , but I watched Paranormal Activity 3 in a state of high anxiety .
Good for a few old-school jumps and giggles , Paranormal Activity 3 evaporates once it 's over like morning mist .
The more traditional haunted house feel and fresh focus should please diehards and pull in new fans-expect it to do brisk box office business during the Halloween season .
Remains a gimmicky novelty as a horror series , but one that 's more creatively durable than anyone could have reasonably expected .
Still , cheap it may be , but it 's not particularly graphic , so it 's got that going for it . And in any case , scares are scares , even if they are cheap .
Although not exactly breaking any new ground with its by now all too familiar found-footage format , Paranormal Activity 3 hews to the formula in expertly crafted fashion , mustering up the requisite scares and then some .
Proves to be every bit as effective as the previous installments , providing a consistent level of tension that 's aided by some solid performances and a few fresh surprises .
Joost & Schulman inject the mythology with life , jam-packing it with heart-exploding scares ... tension , and more importantly , payoffs .
Paranormal Activity 3 defies all odds and delivers yet another hellish reason to be afraid of the dark .
For better or worse , this is more of the same , if creepier than it was the last time around .
While it lacks the narrative cohesion of its predecessors , it surpasses them in terms of tension and scares .
Paranormal Activity 3 undercuts the unsettling groundwork laid by the first two films and takes the series in a disappointing , less-satisfying direction .
It really is the biggest Paranormal Activity , if bigger minimalism is possible ... The most paranormal of any Activity ? Or the most activity in any Paranormal ?
Paranormal Activity 3 earns points for its low-key ability to keep viewers primed over long stretches to expect that something very bad , or even worse , may happen at any moment .
I like this series . I like the sort of horror it represents . I like the audiences it seems to attract , audiences that are n't typical horror audiences .
an effective , crowd-pleasing horror film ... but they should probably go out on a high note as a trilogy , rather than milking it to more and more disappointing returns .
While sometimes an unadulterated thrill to watch with an audience , it gets progressively dumber as it goes along .

@highlight

While the jolts and thrills are undeniably subject to the diminishing returns that plague most horror sequels , Paranormal Activity 3 is a surprisingly spine-tingling treat .