Lucky Them is an emotionally satisfying journey , subverting expectations of the charming road movie .
Lucky Them touches on the price of fame , and conjures up memories of Kurt Cobain , Jeff Buckley and Elliot Smith . But , more importantly , it 's about those left behind and what they face in not knowing what happened to their loved ones .
A study of the perils of nostalgia , Megan Griffiths ' Lucky Them itself comes off as a throwback to an earlier era of low-key , whimsical US independent cinema . This is not a bad thing , considering the talents of the cast .
The plot executes an impressive twist at the end and Collette makes such a swashbuckler out of Ellie that you 're inclined to indulge her in whatever she chooses to do .
Griffiths helms the feature with low-key fondness and a lived-in atmosphere , the camera caressing the Seattle spaces the story calls home , and lingering lovingly over the more rural places Ellie and Charlie venture to .
-LSB- Collette -RSB- and co-star Thomas Haden Church elevate this no-frills but intelligent story into something well worth seeing .
Wachtel initially wrote the script for TV , and it shows -- long-term plot lines are teased at , only to be swiftly resolved without the chance to play out .
Although I laughed several times at the cast 's low-key humour , this is n't exactly new or daring material when films are desperately in need of fresh voices .
The undulating manner in which the relationships rise and fall is beautifully managed but it is Collette and Church who deliver gold
Has any movie made during the past 10 years not presented female journalists as sluts ?
Collette showcases this mask of exasperation with subtle brilliance .
A diverting , if forgettable , romantic comedy .
Almost Almost Famous .
A clever , fun , and affecting romantic dramedy about love and rock-and-roll .
This pleasant but eminently forgettable indie comedy is the sort of thing that makes you wonder whether the big names in the cast were having serious career problems , doing someone a favor , or just had a few weeks to kill .
A sort of distaff `` High Fidelity , '' Megan Griffiths ' slow-burn character comedy set in the Seattle music scene holds unexpected charms .
`` Lucky Them '' has that rare gift : It leaves its audiences warm and happy , as the best romantic comedies do .
Collette , as amazing as she can be when given something to work with , ca n't lift this limp story through sheer will .
Offbeat romantic dramedy has some swearing , sex .
Collette is stuck in neutral , forced to make funny faces when the screenplay is unable to provide dramatic guidance , which is a frequent event in this ineffective picture .
Director Megan Griffiths and writers Huck Botko and Emily Wachtel flesh out a female perspective that 's refreshing and engrossing without demonizing or objectifying men .
A zany collection of colorful characters while concurrently probing scarred emotions and existential angst , nicely blending the daffy and dark sides of life . Along with the ambiguity of fame , and the essentials of existence that get lost in the process .
An entertaining dramedy about love , loss , middle age , and the art of acceptance .
Church is a comic marvel . . But the film ultimately succumbs to both obvious plotting and the law of diminishing returns .
Toni Collette radiates smarts , humor and a world-weary cool in `` Lucky Them . ''
While Ms. Collette grounds Ellie and her emotions in a tough-minded plausibility , she can only hint at what the script fails to deliver : the complexities of a flawed woman 's midlife crisis .
For all its comic and sexual energy , Lucky Them is elevated most by its touching gravity .
Here 's a 41-year-old woman in a layered , complex role , in a film that 's at least as interested in her evolution as it is in that of the male characters surrounding her
If the whole movie ends up feeling like `` Eddie and the Cruisers '' in flannel , the sharp cast members at least come as they are .
Every once in a while , it 's nice to have a good movie sneak up on you unawares . Lucky Them is as sneaky as they come .
Slight , but certainly Netflixable
A low-key , solidly acted indie charmer from director Megan Griffiths .
Strangely Bechdel Test-failing and as far removed from real life as Middle Earth , Lucky Them nonetheless hits familiar beats in welcome and unexpected ways , and does it by the book .
Toni Collette 's sass and grownup sex appeal go a long way to selling Lucky Them , a loveable but somewhat disposable comedy .
It labors under the illusion that an abundance of Sub Pop memorabilia is adequate substitute for the honest evocation of a creative subculture and the personalities of which it 's composed .
... an impressively conceived and executed little drama .
-LSB- A -RSB- terrifically acted dramedy directed by rising talent Megan Griffiths .
A minor-key film distinguished by fine performances from Toni Collette and Thomas Haden Church , and an unexpectedly poignant payoff .

@highlight

Lucky Them may not quite live up to Toni Collette 's bravura starring performance , but it 's certainly elevated by it .