Revenge is less than sweet , to say the least , in particular for the audience , veering between sickening and pathetically pornographic .
Dawson , armed not with a whole lot of dialogue but her endlessly eloquent face , makes each note of the character 's journey pierce , whether with pain or ecstasy .
It 's been a while since we saw a demagogic feminist exploitation revenge drama , and Descent , while top-heavy with ` agenda , ' is shrewdly done .
Sludgy and slack -LSB- ... -RSB- pointlessly vague and abstruse .
Though a clearly gifted new filmmaker , Lugacy does n't get a handle on the combustible material , and she gets scalded in the process .
Ugliness of story , character and technique can not hold a movie audience and do more harm than good towards seeking a professed corrective .
A hollow fabrication in the pursuit of someone 's sick idea of redemption . I did n't pay to see it ... but I want my wasted time back .
There 's too much arty writhing and too little concrete character development .
Look-at-me-I 'm - a-filmmaker photography , pacing that has all the thrills of waiting in line at the post office and an utterly predictable plot combine to make the movie even worse than the hacky chick revenge fantasy now showing on channel 186 of your box .
No moviegoer has done anything to deserve the images that director Talia Lugacy would throw in their face .
-LSB- Dramatizes -RSB- the experience and the psychological aftermath of rape with a vividness I 've never seen in an American film .
Descent is the head-slappingly awful picture that turns rape into a comedy .
The movie is just a vicious , pathetic excuse for Lugacy to live out her own twisted hate-fantasies on the big screen .
A daring , sometimes provocative work , director Talia Lugacy 's debut motion picture is still nonetheless an exhausting foray into horrific degradation devoid of either context or meaning .
`` an exercise in human soullessness . ''
There 's a potentially groundbreaking story lurking somewhere in Descent , but it stops at the revenge , thereby robbing us of what might have been a vitally important moviegoing experience .
It 's indie provocation trapped between shock and blah .
Apart from its obvious exploitation element and disjointed second act , the movie achieves a cool momentum by sheer force of the intimate power play that takes place over the course of a slow build-up toward its sex-schock finale .
It 's a lot like a '70s exploitation movie , with its determination to seduce and shock the viewer with alternating currents of electrical stimulus , and its weird combination of arty arch-decadence and neo-Victorian moralizing .
A well-acted trifle straining to be a hard-hitting morality play .
Rosario Dawson exhibits a previously unseen range , here , more than meeting the challenge of the most emotionally-demanding role of her career .
-LSB- Rosario Dawson -RSB- could have provided a 100-minute closeup and revealed more about human nature and anguish than all of Descent .
You 'll want to avert your eyes from this intense and intensely unpleasant drama about rape and revenge .
Each section of the film is a heady and artful consideration of Maya 's torment , which Dawson conveys as a wounded puzzle of shame and denial .
One ca n't say that the film `` devolves '' into revenge fantasy in its final act , because that seems to be the whole intention of the filmmakers . But still , what the point is of such an unpleasant and prolonged exercise in hate -- as Descent 's climax is -- is









@highlight

Descent has the potential to make a statement about sexual violence , but falls flat by focusing on revenge rather than Rosario Dawson 's emotional state .