The Robocop remake is a pitch-perfect update of a movie that is practically legendary .
RoboCop is trying to walk a thin line , and if it spent more time exploring its thematic potential instead of defaulting to a live-action video game , we might have had something very special .
This Robocop manages to resurrect the franchise and establish a strong build-up for sequels to follow .
With Joel Kinnaman under-powered as Detroit-cop-turned-cyborg Alex Murphy , the result -- despite a supporting cast led by Gary Oldman -- is a violent , badly-written and notably unfunny mess .
Not funny enough and video-game violent , Robocop is more like a fanfic than a movie .
The new Robocop is a generic shoot-em-up for much of the film , one no different than any other .
this RoboCop gives a mostly sensible Friday night action outing , laced with modest character development and provoking a little thought here or there .
What is Robocop ? He 's a quadriplegic Ironman without the rocket-booster . And both Robocop and Ironman are basically Terminators . Robocop 2.0 has better armor , but less fun .
Despite straying from the satiric bent of the original , this edition has plenty to say - and plenty of ways to thrill its audience .
Most older viewers will probably feel that RoboCop can not match Verhoeven 's satirical originality , but the computer age has made the core ethos more relevant to contemporary society .
It 's not a problem that they went and remade Robocop . But the biggest problem with this Robocop is that it 's a remake .
`` Robocop '' is a remake that manages to find its own way . It may lack the social satire of the 1987 original , but it 's sharper and more believable than the film that went before .
Without the essential emotional attachment to Murphy , the entire project was in vain from the start , turning this into just another big , loud action flick with nothing at its core .
An impressive supporting cast does the best it can with small and somewhat undefined stereotypes .
This ` RoboCop ' spends more time developing the man behind the machine , making him more complex and less detached -LRB- at least , at first -RRB- .
This version feels more slick and calculated than gritty and provocative , and it lacks the freshness of its predecessor despite attempts to update various story elements .
A typically inferior remake ...
Nothing special , but manages to avoid the junk heap
Having set up RoboCop as a drone whose humanity has been ruthlessly programmed out , the filmmakers ca n't figure out how to give him back meaningful agency .
This remake of the science fiction classic is definitely on the right track with its approach to social commentary , but does n't stick the landing enough for it to work .
blandly inoffensive ... . It 's like they took the original and sanded off all the sharp corners and rough edges to make something slicker , but also undeniably rote .
Padilha protracts Murphy 's existential ordeal , so that the revenge plot that motivates the action becomes secondary to Murphy 's struggle to hold onto his identity even as political , corporate and scientific interests seek to erase it .
Caso você queira assistir ao mesmo filme , o melhor caminho é revisitar o trabalho de Paul Verhoeven , já que esta criação de José Padilha é algo bastante diferente . Mas não menos admirável .
It wo n't tick off the original Robocop loyalists , and might even impress a few of them .
The satire 's still there , albeit not as angry and more obvious , and the targets have shifted . It may not have the original 's subversive nutso attitude but there 's a couple of crazy surprises up its sleeve and a surprisingly engaging story .
It 's far from memorable but the cast acquit themselves with aplomb while impressive action sequences will give excitable types plenty of bang bang for their buck .
`` RoboCop '' was released more than a quarter-century ago . Two sobering things about this juicy remake are how little has changed since then - and how much of it has come true .
Good acting , great special effects and a perspective that keeps its heart in the right place .
Too much of this rebooted robot tale just feels recycled instead of refreshed , especially compared to the visceral , original kick of its groundbreaking '80s predecessor .
Everyone is curious about remakes while simultaneously asking ` Why remake a perfectly good movie ? ' With ` RoboCop , ' the answers are a little easier to figure out than with a lot of other reimagined tales .
-LSB- A -RSB- fter an opening sequence as promising as the one here , it needs at least an attempted follow-through , not the jumble of confused ideas and time-wasting effects that take up the bulk of the film .
It 's hard to imagine a more anodyne , low-impact , aimless version of this film .
Really strives to sneak in commentary about military industrial complex and the war on terror , but it 's barely able to stack up to Verhoeven 's original , when all is said and done .
It 's been a while since I 've wanted to throw a shoe at a movie screen , and it 's been never since I 've wanted to hug Paul Verhoeven . Damn you , terrible RoboCop remake for making me wish for both occurrences .
Paul Verhoeven executed everything with class and brilliance compared to this somewhat miscalculated reboot ... it 's also simply stupid and disrespectful to shift the legacy of Robocop into PG-13 territory .
Its frenzied robo-action undermines an intriguing , ethically-challenging existential concept with mechanized mayhem .
This adaptation of the Robocop franchise had the potential to really say something about where the flagrantly corrupt militarized-global-corporate-political machine is headed . It did n't do that .
There are basically two ways to approach RoboCop , a movie I would n't buy for a dollar even on picture-perfect Blu-ray .
Surveying the peculiar array of 1980s retreads clustered into release this week , I 'm reminded of Marty McFly in Back to the Future Part II , traveling forward in time 30 years to discover that everything is still the same , only worse .
Clearly was n't needed , but it 's better than I originally feared it would be . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The idea of a RoboCop is a silly one that the original film nevertheless proved could be something more . The best thing one can say about this 2014 reboot is this : it exists .
There may be some nit-picky missteps in narrative and visual execution , but this reboot is enjoyable enough to warrant a sequel .
Seductively produced , provocatively scripted update is more interesting than any of its forebears .
Instead of being a subversive action flick about the callous indifference of a growing corporate hegemony , it seems like the product of one .
The Brazilian director José Padilha may be working for a Hollywood studio but he does n't temper his critique of American imperialism , big business and political corruption .
Despite Padilha and Zetumer 's best efforts to make the story their own , this ambitious remake ultimately crashes like a corrupt hard drive .
Padilha is Brazilian , and it 's interesting that both RoboCops have been made by men whose non-Hollywood work focused on their respective countries ' curdled politics .
RoboCop -- even 27 years after the original -- is hard not to like .
... elevated by serious considerations of the ethics of using robots as guardians , playing God and what being human is about . All handled briskly enough to stay out of mayhem 's way , but it 's nice to actually think during an action flick for a change .
What was so striking about the original was that Murphy , the cop who would become Robocop , was the dead come back to life as a cyborg . Here , although a fun action flick , we merely get `` HumanCop . ''
The action sequences are fun and , while it may never replace the original in my heart , this new `` Robocop '' boasts a frash new look with humor , action and of course ED-209s .
To grieve for what director José Padilha failed to port over from Verhoeven 's version is unfair to the remake , which has a right , if not a responsibility , to be different than the original .
This Robo-reboot tries fiercely to update the satirical punch and stylistic perversity Paul Verhoeven 's 1987 original . It 's a futile gesture .
Cynical , boring , PG-13 retread .
While entertaining at moments and lacking a more enjoyable RoboCop , the most grievous omission is a true villain . You get the feeling that RoboCop has nothing to do .
Neither Alex Murphy 's internal moral conflict nor the larger , vaguely satiric portrait of a global culture dependent on high-tech law enforcement seem to be the main point of this Robocop remake , which raises the question of what is meant to be the point .
A competent action movie , but one that could have been , like the 1987 film , something more than that ... the set-pieces are impressively choreographed -LSB- but -RSB- they ca n't but have a been-there , seen-that feel .
Not your father 's `` Robocop . ''
It 's well made , polished , and hits every mark - but is it crazy to want a futuristic sci-fi action flick about a motorcycle-riding metal supercop to be just a little more fun ?
It fully justifies its existence . That does n't mean it 's especially good . But it 's a rare `` reboot '' that transcends its studio 's money-grubbing . It has some Big Ideas .
Padilho ... again displays a knack for raising the emotional and intellectual stakes without losing track of the action or suspense .
The least effective remake in a week of movie remakes -- heartless , humorless and dull .
An action adventure that 's graphics-rich , logic-poor , coherence-challenged and pleasure-impaired .
I would advise anyone with fond memories of Paul Verhoeven 's movie to cross the street and avoid seeing this flimsy facsimile .
Unfortunately , the trashier urges that made the original such a unique pile of junk have been resisted here . Stripped of the snarky humour and mercurial mood swings , this RoboCop is disarmingly dour for a cyborg crimefighter .
I 'll take the original any day , but this is still fun , and the cast is first-rate .
Jose Padilla 's RoboCop is a galvanizing action picture that does n't settle for merely retelling Verhoeven 's original narrative , but updating it , both visually and thematically .
RoboCop becomes less a work of aspirational coolness and more a piece of political satire - and not necessarily a bad one .
There are some interesting things about `` RoboCop , '' and - no , wait , that 's a lie .
It retains the central ideas and themes of the original while updating and rearranging the narrative to lose a derivative feel .
The film has lots of energized mayhem , and Murphy 's unraveling of the conspiracy against him is n't dumbed down , yet it 's as if the comic-book action poetry of the original has been encased in a suit of generic armor .
This new RoboCop plays like a primer for what not to do when you remake a classic .
The action sequences are entertaining enough while watching them , but nothing sticks once you 've left the theatre .
And then comes clangy , nonsensical action and one seriously stupid ending , and sure enough one longs to rewatch a henchman getting submerged in acid .
It 's odd to watch this RoboCop sputter , especially when armed with hindsight and a significant budget . It does n't revive the old metal-stomping , gleefully acidic magic , and it does n't create any of its own .
With a host of others , Padilha and screenwriter Joshua Zetumer concoct a bubbling stew of terror-streaked social satire and teary domestic drama .
The new version of RoboCop exhibits much less personality , even if it does have a stronger cast and more impressive special effects .
Should n't I be exempt from seeing the remakes if I already lived through the horror the first time ? I demand to invoke that clause if they remake Weekend at Bernie 's .
Yes it 's unnecessary , but at least for the most part it 's entertaining .
The cast makes this remake , which is remarkably similar to the original , worthwhile . Cornish , Oldman , Keaton , Haley , and Jackson all give fine performances .
A kinder , gentler RoboCop . What scares us in 2014 is n't that we could someday make a robot Murphy . It 's that we probably already can .
Told in thematic broad strokes , it still harbors in its soul a fine dialectic on identity , humanity , and even the reality -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of free will
Give all concerned credit for keeping us involved and -- gasp ! -- actually making their audience think a little .
Unoriginal , of course , and PG-13 , but not half bad , thanks to Kinnaman and the rest of the cast .
It 's all rather surprisingly well acted -LRB- Kinnaman and Oldman are better than they even need to be -RRB- , but `` RoboCop '' is missing a crucial ingredient : fun .
The new RoboCop is ... not operating on the same masterful level as its source material . But unlike many , MANY other things associated with the RoboCop brand over the years , it also does not suck .
I find it sad and demoralizing that movie studios like SONY Pictures ca n't find better material than this .
It is deadly dull -- the level of emotional detachment , at least by this critic , was palpable .
` RoboCop ' is a RoboMovie .
Like its predecessor , the message is obvious , current , and delivered with enough humor that the general lack of character does n't totally shut down the system .
It might have not been ` necessary ' but Josè Padilha 's RoboCop reboot still offers an intriguing take on the character .
The re-imagined crime , action , sci-fi thriller is n't going for the biting satire of Paul Verhoeven 's 1987 original , or its extreme violence . The sci-fi side has n't evolved much . And the thrill ? Well , most of the thrill is gone .
You know the `` I 'd Buy That For A Dollar '' show would be top 10 in the Nielsens if it aired on CBS today , right ?
Like its armored protagonist , it 's what 's going on beneath the surface that counts .
Glumly self-serious , harmfully sanitized to a PG-13 rating , and absent of any detectable personality at all .
It 's the film 's action scenes that are most disappointing , and made me feel like I was inside a video game .
Hardly a better film than the one that inspired it , ROBOCOP -LRB- 2014 -RRB- is still the best handling of the material since 1987 .
This RoboCop is an assembly-line product where even the social commentary arrives pre-packaged .
Over and over , the remake ... moves right up to the edge of saying something powerful and pulls back at the last second , taking refuge in sub-formulaic dialogue and video-game action .
`` Robocop '' marks Brazilian documentarian-turned action director José Padilha 's American debut , but it does n't reveal anything other than an ability to execute high-octane action scenes .
A 21st-century reimagining of the human-machine interface that is sometimes much smarter and often just as stupid as the bombastic 1987 original . But it manages the balance well enough to be consistently entertaining . It 's the illusion of cinematic genius .
So we have a battle between the human spirit and an operating system offering `` the illusion of free will '' - a metaphor for a sheepish , media-driven America that 's rife with possibility but here lacking much conviction .
Remember how you forgot about the Total Recall remake ?
At least offers something resembling ideas of morality and mortality in the guise of a silly shoot - 'em - up , even if those ideas are eventually given short shrift .
All the eye-popping gadgetry in the world ca n't forgive the fact that RoboCop is rife with filler and drags on way too long .
-LSB- Has -RSB- a soupçon of military-industrial complexity ... Judged on its own merits , this RoboCop pump-fakes in some interesting directions without getting to fully explore any of them .
it 's the last thing a Verhoeven film would ever be - wishy washy .
Strip away its cinematic history , and you may not be wasting your time . But you 'll be much better served to visit - or revisit - Verhoeven 's original .
Not just another robo-remake .
Despite its tonal issues , RoboCop is a blast to see and a fantastic return to a new form for a character that always deserved more love .
While not nearly as worthless a remake as the 2012 take on ` Total Recall , ' this updated approach is nonetheless just as uninspired , turning the revenge-seeking super cop into a miscast comic book superhero .
A generic , factory-sealed action film that is actually more interesting before Alex Murphy makes his transformation to RoboCop .
Compared to the humor in the `` Iron Man '' movies or the vigilante themes in the recent `` Batman '' series , this reboot has little to offer .
For all its playfulness , the new `` RoboCop '' ca n't help but lack the novelty of the original 's jolting mixture of dumb-smart irony and visceral pulp .
This is at heart a pretty sad movie . Verhoeven would n't be caught dead making you care about anything in his `` RoboCop '' ; Padilha is after something different .
Whose bright idea was this ?
Slightly squarer and less subversive than the other one , but also admirable in its refusal to simply replicate the circuitry of a blockbuster predecessor .
Thanks to a good cast and a willingness to stray fairly far afield from the source material , it 's better than you might think .
The good news is that it 's actually far more interesting than you might expect it to be . The bad is that it is inferior to the original .
An ostensibly mindless entertainment that does n't content itself with mere sensationalism but goes out of its way to insult whatever intelligence the audience might have .
Most people will go see this film for the extensive gun play and the body count , which of course make for swell entertainment . But you do n't have to pull back the curtain very far here to see the drone that will soon hover over your neighborhood .
This `` RoboCop '' has updated the dystopia with some clever ideas and better acting , while at the same time sanitizing any satire with video-game polish and sequel baiting .
The movie has a baseline competence , but it 's predictable , dull and utterly lacking in the sort of man-melts-into-machine , electric sheep-ish poetry that elevated the original .
RoboCop is a solid near-future action pic that poses moral questions about artificial intelligence and remote-control combat systems without getting too preachy or ponderous about it .
As a fan of the original , this reviewer really did n't want to like this one ... but he did .
Ultimately the film is , like the Faux News programming it caricatures at face value , a deck-stacking simulation of a dialogue it is n't even remotely interested in opening .
Though this Robo reboot resonates to some degree with its depiction of military drone strikes , the film sidesteps deeper questions about the intersection of technology , law enforcement and politics .
Every generation , apparently , gets the `` RoboCop '' it deserves , or perhaps desires .
`` RoboCop '' fails to provide the tactile , boots-on-the-ground sensibility that can elevate speculative fantasy into gritty reality .
The revamped RoboCop has a lot in common with the Ford Edsel , history 's most notorious automotive misfire .
It 's unfortunate , then , that this RoboCop reboot shrugs off the pointed satire too soon , devolving into just another big action vehicle - even if it 's a well-made , entertaining one at times .
RoboCop is no canned remake of the 1987 action film . It 's a reimagining that responds to everything that has changed in American life over the past 27 years , addressing new threats and exploiting new anxieties .
While this new `` RoboCop '' is n't terrible , what 's most disappointing is that it lacks the juice Verhoeven 's films always had in crazy abundance .
To its credit , Robocop tries very hard to be as good as the original but it lacks the satirical finesse and is n't as smart as it wants to be .
The film does n't embarrass itself or dishonor its predecessor , which is something .
The new RoboCop has just about no interest in being the old RoboCop , and for that we can be thankful .
This `` Robocop '' does n't seem to know how to deal with the fact that what was dystopian satire in 1987 feels , in some ways , closer at hand today than ever before .
Joel Kinnaman 's performance is a major letdown , a one-dimensional effort in which his robotic side triumphs over the human one . It 's an apt metaphor for the movie as a whole .
The fact that it 's not a complete failure will feel like a win to some fans ... -LSB- but -RSB- its inability to capitalize on the promise that it shows early on is perhaps the biggest disappointment .
There is a logic to resurrecting this franchise in the video game era and while this reboot is n't as much inventive fun as its original , this not - bad take does serve its purpose .
There are plenty of high-tech gunbattles in this `` Robo , '' which make it a real pulse-pounder . But it 's the intelligence behind the gunplay that makes it distinctive .
This is a superhero film for grown-ups that reflects a moment when drone usage is hotly debated and it 's no longer ridiculous to contemplate a man who might have several metal limbs .
Updating the premise and themes of the original , this sleek new model , although lacking Verhoeven 's audacious black humour , has brains beneath its metal skull .
Kinnaman is the dying center of an already stillborn strategy , a film that feels like five different ideas tossed in a blender and unsuccessfully pureed
` Robocop ' is not a bad movie , but it 's a half-baked one , and more than anything , I was left asking the same question afterwards that I had before , one that I still ca n't really answer for myself : why ?
RoboCop is worth a look on the big screen for the visual spectacle , but for the visceral satire you 're better off revisiting the original .
What we have here is a competent if not exactly memorable sci-fi action movie . A movie that is RoboCop in name only .
Every time RoboCop even approaches an intriguing idea , it immediately drops it to go looking for the next shiny object to bat at ; it 's a mess of dug-up parts with no animating spark of life .
If you were worried about this reboot lacking the wit of the original , those fears are allayed as soon as the MGM lion opens its mouth .
An action movie in search of more than a body count . Leave your bloodlust at home . And when you get there , throw it in the garbage disposal .
... a dull do-over that ditches most of its source material 's sharp social satire by reimagining its tale in more traditional superhero-style fashion .
A sophisticated character study that ... if it were presented without the shadow of the original looming over every creative decision , many would be heralding it as a superlative genre entry in its own right .
it might be faint praise , but RoboCop is n't robo-crap .
Good direction is n't able to overcome a really bad script that feels like it was written by committee .
Thank you for your regurgitation .
RoboCop avoids being a bad remake by giving the original wide berth , but all we 're left with this time around is a cop who becomes a robot without being particularly interesting in either incarnation .
The new ` RoboCop ' is n't terrible . It 's certainly better than the recent ` Total Recall . ' It just ca n't compete .
With the exception of a few detrimental flaws , the remake actually plays with some legitimately interesting , different ideas that come together to create an attention-worthy entry in the science-fiction genre .
Like RoboCop himself , it does n't seem quite as truly , organically alive as it once did . But it sure looks sleek , and moves pretty fast . And if you do n't think too much , it almost feels like the real thing .
Padilha 's remake has some ideas to explore but he never embraces the broad theatricality necessary to make them spectacular entertainment .
A neutered movie that is constantly battling itself , ROBOCOP 2014 eventually reveals itself to be a hunk of junk , as inert as a robot cop when his plug is pulled .
RoboCop is a sleek , vastly enjoyable remake that fires on all cylinders , blending a subversive script with strong acting and exhilarating action sequences .
Jose Padilha 's update employs many of the same moves , but not the original 's sly , subversive humour .
No black humor . No satire . No point . But hey , check out the 1987 catchphrases dropped in at random !
It 's a film meant for young and excitable audiences -LRB- who do n't mind scrambled images -RRB- , and I do n't qualify . Still , there are ideas here that grapple -LRB- fairly simply -RRB- with serious themes
Better than it almost has any real right to be , José Padilha 's RoboCop reboot is an example to Hollywood as to how they should be done .
Glad to report that this expensive RoboCop rehash is a worthy reworking of Paul Verhoeven 's 1987 action flick .
While the remake may not be groundbreaking , at least it appears to have been made by someone who understands what made the original great . For that , we should be thankful .
Strangely boring , which would seem impossible when you 're talking about a half-man-half-robot cop running around shooting things for nearly two hours .
It arguably takes a satirical look at its own conception and production .
What 's the `` point '' of a Robocop remake ? If you 're bothering to ask yourself such questions , you must find the modern world a frustrating place .
Paucity of gore and nudity aside , this packs more thoughtful fire-power than your average remake cash-in -LRB- hello , Total Recall -RRB- .
José Padilha 's film has contemporary resonance and is different enough to the original , but unfortunately fails to distinguish itself from the corporate product it satirises .
Junking Verhoeven 's sledgehammer satire in favour of real-world politics and 12A thrills , this is a slicker , shinier , admittedly inferior affair - but it 's by no means a write-off .
As remakes go , this is no RoboCop-out . Sleek though it may be , it 's not hard to imagine how much better a version for adults would have been .
Remake or not , Robocop 's many , many problems are all brand new , and have little to do with the cruelty of comparison .
You 'd expect the cast to be having more fun in a Robocop movie , but with the exception of Jackson everyone here plays it totally , boringly straight .
There are plenty of reasons to be sceptical about remakes of action classics , but director Jose Padilha 's 21st-century take on Paul Verhoeven 's exhilarating , satirical 1987 RoboCop is solid and thoughtful , with a few genuinely inventive moments .
While Padilha and his team are to be admired for bringing the concept up-to-date and addressing concerns about drones -LSB- etc. -RSB- ... they 've taken much of the fun out of the concept , making for a po-faced and ultimately somewhat forgettable Robocop movie .
There is plenty of crowd-pleasing action , for the right kind of crowd , and for those seeking more depth , some existential questions about what makes us human , if no convincing answers .
A dumbed-down shoot-em-up frontloaded with elaborate but perfunctory new `` satirical '' material in which the movie loses interest with breathtaking speed .
Leadenly manufactured - or perhaps from binned leftovers of the alloy used for biomechanical policemen - RoboCop is the remake no one needed .
The film is not only unchallenging , it seems actively scared of challenging us . You emerge feeling pacified and only semi-entertained .
A hybrid creation that is n't quite sure which it really is - an original entity or a manufactured automaton . Very much like ... well , you get the analogy .
A futuristic action thriller with more heart and character interest than the 1987 original but not the excitement , surprise or powerful satiric edge ...
Though it lacks wow factor , it 's certainly worth of a dollar or two .
Destined for the reboot scrapheap .
Remains watchable thanks to strong performances and pacey direction but it fails to improve on the original film in any significant way ...
The sci-fi action is surprisingly satirical - and surprisingly entertaining .
Padilha 's Hollywood debut is craftsmanlike and respectable , which is perhaps not what an updated retelling of Verhoeven 's grimy , gritty , gory classic deserved .
If you find yourself - perhaps under duress - watching José Padilha 's Robocop , rest easy in the knowledge that under no circumstances will you end up watching it again .
Not a complete disaster but rather an ample catastrophe
If there had to be a RoboCop remake , it might as well have been this one .
This remake of the 1987 dystopian classic has a better cast , more meticulous script and , naturally , flashier effects , but it lacks the original 's wit and subversive slipperiness .
Taking the original and successfully transplanting it into an ambitious new world , José Padilha 's english-language debut is an exciting , pacey and thoughtful sci-fi actioner .
It 's a less playful enterprise than the original , but meets the era 's darker demands for action reboots with machine-tooled efficiency and a hint of soul .
Despite a few classy effects-driven moments it spirals to a rather flat and forgettable ending .
José Padilha has tinkered with the hero 's iconic suit and toned down Verhoeven 's ultra-violence considerably , but enough remains of the first film 's subversive wit to make this remake one of those rare entities : a blockbuster with brains .
... a soulless metallic carcass designed by committee to amplify external gloss and maximise commercial profit .
It 's not a classic like Paul Verhoeven 's 1987 original , but it is an excellent , intelligent SF drama ... one of the boldest Hollywood reboots we 've seen yet .
Throughout , one character refers to the new RoboCop as ` Tin Man ' and to the film 's credit , it desperately wants to have a heart . Oh , if it only had a brain .

@highlight

While it 's far better than it could have been , José Padilha 's RoboCop remake fails to offer a significant improvement over the original .