Jacques Audiard 's Rust and Bone is thoroughly extraordinay .
... where it falters is the latter half of the story ... and the evolution -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of its protagonist and reluctantly drawn heroine .
Built like an old , beat-up bomber - not necessarily the sleekest or most reliable , but perfectly engineered to drop emotional projectiles on its audience .
A slow meander through the lives of two very different people who make a connection . Often difficult to watch because it is raw emotion and pain coming at you from all corners , it is still fascinating because of two intriguing performances .
Audiard visits a physicality that is n't necessarily female or male , but of the body , and toward the body , as in Cotillard 's wide , lidded eyes when she watches him punching , thumping and bleeding in illegal bare-fisted takedown fights .
An emotionally gripping if slightly meandering drama marked by two powerful lead performances .
It 's a film for people who believe that fallen souls are n't inevitably destined to become lost ones .
... while all the admittedly well-wrought details engage us on an intellectual level and keep us watching , the film does n't linger in the imagination the way truly great cinema does
there is no denying the cinematic power of Audiard 's fearless storytelling
Rust and Bone is a tough , emotionally raw movie , but its not a difficult watch , and its a very skillfully rendered piece of neo-realism .
The notion of strings-free sex gets a good working over from director Jacques Audiard -LRB- A Prophet -RRB- , who takes as much pride in exploring the workings of Stephanie 's troubled mind as he does in digitally removing her legs .
The film achieves what all dramatic films should strive for : complete audience empathy for the main characters . I cared for these two so deeply , and the many , many moments of quiet triumph gave me rushes of joy . A beautiful triumph of precision .
Rust and Bone is an unsentimentally lyrical triumph , unexpected in every way .
For a film that deals in different forms of agony it 's rather pleasant . A portrait of family that 's refreshing with the right emotional punch .
Pulsates with life , romance , and bare-knuckle boxing
This multi-layered film with its characters tossed like flotsam on fate 's giant , unpredictable waves drenches us in the intimate details of characters
Two damaged souls find solace together in this gritty drama in which physical pain and disfigurement play a key role ... a stunningly delivered exposition
Audiard crafts a film with logical scenic construction yet surprising turns of events , with the drama never devolving into melodrama .
Rather like a persuasive pick-up artist , I 'm not sure Rust & Bone is a film I 'd want to spend a second night with , for fear of shattering the emotional illusion .
A ` Salt of the Earth ' saga plumbing the depths of the human soul .
Through restraint , French director Jacques Audiard does a better job of tugging on viewers ' hearts than most filmmakers can achieve with excess .
Filmmaking this self-indulgent screams `` refund '' in any language .
In ` Rust and Bone , ' Marion Cotillard loses both legs but retains her hotness . This might seem like an inappropriate observation , but it 's very much to the point of this very physical French romance of redemptive suffering from director Jacques Audiard .
This is a very different film to Audiard 's most recent release - the impressive A Prophet - but it has a similar sense of maturity about it , and could well have acting awards aplenty heading its way in the coming months .
The strength of director Jacques Audiard 's film is that he refuses to elicit pity from the audience for his protagonists .
Like a carnival barker or presidential candidate , Rust and Bone promises far more than it delivers .
Though Stéphanie 's legs are removed from sight through the wonders of digital film effects , the character will remain in your consciousness like a phantom limb .
Marion Cotillard impresses in this intimate , harsh and realistic study of two troubled souls .
The story is what it is , and other than the ridiculous ending crisis , is n't bad . What drives the film is Marion Cotillard 's acting .
It moves at its own , often slow pace , but Marion Cotillard gives another great performance and the visual effects that turn her into a double amputee are astonishing .
Audiard juxtaposes Schoenaerts ' physicality with Cotillard 's disability and explores their mutual vulnerability in haunting and suggestive fashion .
Has significant blemishes that do n't quite come out in the wash ... but the picture persists on the strength of its committed performances .
A lesser director would not have breathed life into Rust and Bone , but Audiard directs with skill and sensitivity , even when his characters lack those attributes .
The movie wanders off course in the final act , as if none of its three screenwriters could quite figure out how to end it .
`` Rust '' has some lovely scenes - Alain carrying Stephanie out to the sea - but it seems to wander off in search of something it already has , and in wandering , it loses its way .
`` Rust and Bone '' has heart and soul .
`` Rust and Bone '' seems to wander unexpectedly into its heart ; it feels organic in its casual unfolding , like life itself .
Hits us harder in the head than in the heart , but packs a wallop nonetheless .
It does n't have the same absorbing , epic qualities of `` A Prophet . '' But Audiard 's craft is still arresting , and the film hums with beauty , vigor and blood .
You could n't ask for a more random relationship , but `` Rust and Bone '' slowly , almost magically , gives it meaning , symbolism , even a kind of symmetry .
Interesting , but emotionally and dramatically flat
The masterful writer-director Jacques Audiard draws vivid performances from Marion Cotillard and Matthias Schoenaerts for this gripping French romance about the body and the soul .
A disappointing use of Cotillard 's estimable talent buoyed by striking visuals and inspired use of a Katy Perry song .
When Rust and Bone tells a story of a woman 's recovery from a devastating injury , it hits all the right notes , traveling a path that is poignant without being mawkish and triumphant without being saccharine .
Everybody finally sees the light on fast forward with happy endings all around , despite intense performances . While Alain eventually decides that full-time boxing is the way to go , to find dignity and get liberated from worker exploitation . Go figure .
From one of the best directors in the world comes a powerful love story that will bust your knuckles and break your heart . Jacques Audiard , who previously delivered the mighty prison drama , A Prophet , brings his tough love to a sad romance .
A tightly-managed film that explores the instinct to survive and fight with intelligence .
With the exceptional performances from both Matthias Schoenaerts and Marion Cotillard and the beautiful cinematography , Rust and Bone may have a few flaws but it 's still brutal , intense , and surprisingly touching .
For all its willful melodrama , Rust and Bone takes its characters -- and us -- someplace touching and hard fought .
Chemistry shared between Cotillard and Schoenaerts could be seen from space , and Audiard extracts ideal sexual tension and communication frustrations along the way .
There are powerful moments here , but their impact is undermined by a lack of subtlety in the storytelling .
` Rust and Bone ' is no ` Diving Bell and the Butterfly . ' It 's more like ` Obelix and the Mermaid . '
By turns brutal and tender , Rust and Bone is a bullet train of heightened melodrama that refuses to derail .
A movie that defies categorization , slips convenient genre boundaries , and leaves viewers feeling haunted and inspired in equal measure .
Rust and Bone concerns the relationship between a wholly unsympathetic man and a woman whose strange attachment to him does not garner much sympathy for her , either .
Positions the wrong person as the lead protagonist . The film lays its heart on the line , but its focal point is off .
`` Rust and Bone '' is a tough movie about tough people for a tough audience . So prepare to get roughed up a little .
This is a sensuously assembled , almost tactile film that earns its redemption and sears itself in memory .
An effective and moving drama about the strength of the human spirit and the will to survive .
The leads save it , particularly Cotillard , who once again subverts her own glamour with ferocious lack of ego .
There is something about two broken people trying to create something whole between them that is endlessly appealing to movie audiences .
Getting to know Alain and Stephanie feels a lot like getting to know anyone : We 're constantly being surprised by their behavior and yet somehow , all of it fits .
Audiard , who made the uncompromising prison saga A Prophet , is like a gritty , realist Douglas Sirk - throwing his characters into whirlwind scenarios that are filled with big emotions and fateful turns of events .
Audiard 's use of genre and clichés is part of a greater argument about moral redemption and deceptive appearances , where happy endings are only skin deep .
Reminds that a movie can be gripping and still not quite work .
An unusual and unsettling love story , Rust and Bone shows once again that Oscar-winning French actress Marion Cotillard is as close to perfect as any female has ever been onscreen .
... a muscular romance that leaves its mark like a bruise .
Cotillard 's performance is a match for the histrionics , but Rust and Bone still could cut a lot of fat .
Although it is one of the better films of the year , Rust and Bone has its faults .
Despite amazing CGI that shows Cotillard convincingly sans legs and terrific acting , this is far too long for what 's there .
The entire shebang is like a Frenchified homage to the tough-tender universe of everything from The Champ to the Bogart-Bacall duets .
Romantic but pitiless , fearlessly emotional as well as edgy , `` Rust and Bone '' is a powerhouse .
Why are certain films less than the sum of their appealing parts ?
The story grows inert , hindered by Schoenaerts ' expressionless performance .
Rust and Bone is a movie about letting go of shame and making way for the advent of pleasure . Let that be your guide to watching it as well .
Few films come along and conquer new territory in the way of cinematic storytelling like Rust and Bone .
The better the director , however , the more that melodrama is recast as romantic destiny , and Jacques Audiard ... brings such drive to Rust and Bone that you barely hear the whirrings of contrivance .
director Jacques Audiard continues his fascination with men who operate in the shady ends of society and the handicapped women who help pull them back from the brink .
Unsparing . It is n't a love story for everyone , but many will find it and its two lead performances undeniably powerful .
Demonstrates that one can take a pat inspirational story and infuse it with the hardship required to make that inspiration feel earned .
Rethinking what we thought we knew - about love , about sex , about disability - is what `` Rust and Bone '' is about . Be careful , the film warns us -- we may know less about those things than we think .
`` Rust and Bone '' is a strong , emotionally replete experience , and also a tour de force of directorial button pushing .
Audiard is n't afraid to be a little sentimental , and that 's what distinguishes Rust and Bone from so many other contemporary dramas or romances .
You should just go see it , because it has a visual command and powerful narrative undertow all its own .
Its underwritten characters and hoary approach plunk it into mediocrity .
It says something that Audiard 's `` killer whale movie '' stages its most emotional moment to a Katy Perry song and still deserves to be taken seriously .
Lyrical and gritty French drama for mature viewers only .
A must-see drama that will reward moviegoers who are both smart enough to seek it out and grown-up enough to take it
Prospects for a drama about the relationship between a homeless fighter and legless woman seem dim indeed , but Jacques Audiard shows he can turn seemingly impossible material into full-blown entertainment . Critics and the usual audiences should respond .
If you hired Albert Camus to write `` Rocky , '' it might come out something like `` Rust and Bone , '' a quintessentially French effort to combine pugilism and sentimentality .
What sounds like a movie of the week formula plays much more convincingly thanks to assured direction and powerful performances .
Mr. Audiard has style galore , but he suffers from the same elephantiasis of the ego as almost all of the current American directors .
It 's Cotillard who surprises : Too often cast as eye candy , she demonstrates a facility here for tiny gestures and facial expressions that suggest emotional arcs in miniature .
These are people who never would have connected under ordinary circumstances ; they end up needing each other desperately . Only in the movies .
-LSB- Cotillard is -RSB- forced to flail and mood-swing from scene to scene .
Rust and Bone is as ludicrous as its plot synopsis suggests .
As an orca trainer who loses her legs , Cotillard is astonishing , as is Schoenaerts as a boxer who helps restore her sexual identity . Audiard 's hypnotic film means to shake you , and does .
If Cotillard did n't have a reputation as a major film actress before this , she absolutely should from now on .
If the name Nicholas Sparks was within fifty feet of it , it would be laughed out of the theater sight nearly unseen .
Jacques Audiard continues to strive to make films so distinctively singular in their originality , no one in Hollywood would even consider remaking this .
It runs a complicated bait and switch on its audience , passing ostensible exploitation fodder through a high-toned prestige filter .
The rather depressingly realistic approach to adult relationships ... piles on grottiness and misery to a point beyond which it gets absurd .
... an epic , but an emotional one - a journey of two broken people to become all of which they are truly capable after braving intense trials and navigating tough terrain ... of the soul , not some alien planet .
As a cross between other French films , The Diving Bell and the Butterfly and Untouchable , as well as Murderball and Inside I 'm Dancing , Rust and Bone is an often erratic but always truly cinematic piece of soul searching with sublime special effects .
Audiard 's film is shot and acted in such a down-to-earth , naturalistic manner that the story and characters convince you of their emotional truth . Restrained rather than overblown , this is melodrama that is n't melodramatic .
A drama about the capacities of some individuals to bounce back and survive in the face of ordeals , setbacks , and suffering .
A work of breathtaking intensity , there 's nevertheless a point where so much misery has been thrown on screen that the narrative becomes predictable ; imagine something terrible , and it 's probably going to happen .
The best movies encompass not only story , direction , acting , and a certain visceral passion , but striking visuals and amazing audio as well . -LRB- I do n't ask for much ! -RRB- Rust and Bone fulfills all .
Rust and Bone is a film of undeniable power . The two central performances are stunning and Audiard 's passionate filmmaking makes for a completely engrossing , original and moving cinematic experience .
Here Cotillard does some of her finest work .
Cotillard is the beating heart of this film ; she 's all you need .
Achingly romantic in ways that only the French know how .
Rust and Bone still emerges as a very impressive achievement from a director who - though possessed of a recognisable voice - seems intent on stretching himself with each new project .
Marion Cotillard delivers another raw , devastating performance in this beautifully made drama about two badly damaged people who adapt to a new life together .
The special-effects are amazingly realistic , as is the leading lady 's luminous , anguished and extremely moving performance .
A powerful tale of love against the odds .
Elegantly performed and beautifully shot .
The film 's brilliance is its refusal to defer emotionally to the heroine 's tragedy . No overt pity ; no self-pity .
Despite exceptional cinematography , music , and brilliant performances throughout , the film lacks the believable dramatic arc of director Jacques Audiard 's previous offering A Prophet .
Apart from the soppy soundtrack , it 's very affecting and potent stuff .
Cotillard , who 's been waiting since La vie en rose for a role this substantial , is at her damaged , devastating best .
Cotillard is always mesmerising and , if you have the patience , Rust and Bone is well worth a look .
Superbly directed , strikingly shot and sharply written , this is a powerfully emotional French drama with intriguing characters and a pair of terrific performances from Marion Cotillard and Matthias Schoenaerts .
Cotillard 's performance is primed for awards , while Schoenaerts is a rough diamond .
Rust And Bone may be melodramatic but it is no indulgent emotional wallow .
Another triumph from Audiard and a Cotillard masterclass , this bruising , tender melodrama lingers long in the memory .
A winning marriage of mind-boggling visual effects , excellent performances , and sumptuous direction , Rust and Bone is an emotional , richly rewarding drama .
It 's perhaps less focused and perfect-feeling than Audiard 's best work , but its oddness makes it more thought-provoking .
pure soap opera
... a solid little drama that falls just short of greatness ...
A solid little drama from director Jacques Audiard that effectively captures the fragmented existence of those crippled by pain .
It is terribly intense , and French . There is no other way to describe it .
It 's a marvelous movie , gorgeous and thoughtful and deeply felt .
So enthrallingly bizarre that despite a penchant for aggressively taking notes on festival films I managed to jot down almost nothing over its 2 + hour running time .
By the end , `` Rust '' cast a spell over me , but man , did it take nearly the entire length of the film for me to figure out what it was trying to do .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- A tour de force by any standard of cinema , Jacques Audiard 's convention-breaking romantic drama is one more example of how French filmic storytelling rises above the fray of Hollywood 's forced efforts .
Rust and Bone is an incredibly well crafted and intensely emotionally absorbing film worthy of serious attention .
Strangely unaffecting .
The movie takes a contrived-sounding romance and turns it into a visceral , idiosyncratic exploration of battered bodies in search of souls .
While it 's a redemptive love story between two broken people , the film 's beauty lies is in its lack of overblown sentimentality . There is a spare , hard mien to these characters that intrigues & pulls us in .
Serious flaws notwithstanding , this is a formidable film . Audiard 's least thriller-like work to date , it 's an essay in harsh realism .
The theme of reconciliation - between man and woman , father and son , brother and sister , man and animal - feels kind of perfunctory and over-reaching .
If Audiard 's mastery of plastic aesthetics makes this all go down a little too easy , that 's maybe the point : perception is deceiving .
Just novel enough to seem somewhat fresh .
Rust And Bone is a big film in every sense , sure-footed , stylish and confident , that mainlines emotion into its audience .
-LSB- A -RSB- sometimes engrossing , sometimes exasperating romance .
These are two towering performances in a film of genuine power . Rust and Bone may not be for everyone ; but it 's a complex , assured , demanding work .
Audiard deserves to once again be applauded for the way he takes melodramatic convention and bends it to his own particular sensibility , delivering a powerful tale about the reminders we all carry of the pains that have formed us .
Rust And Bone is a standout , a towering picture we ca n't wait to see again and that , this early in the year , is a no-brainer favorite for the awards season .
The entire picture feels like a poetic-grunge generality , with a penchant for jacked-up tension that feels applied to the situation , not pulled from within the people on screen .
A tender yet heavily de-romanticized love story between a boxer with broken hands and an orca trainer with missing legs , `` Rust and Bone '' serves as an impressive if somewhat overblown exercise in contrasts .
Yet again , Marion Cotillard is riveting .
Rust and Bone , Audiard 's latest study in physical weathering and emotional repression , only further confirms his ongoing obsession with surfaces .
Cotillard and Schoenaert both give award worthy performances , in a film that grips from the very outset without the need for vulgar spectacle .
Audiard manages to create a very real world in which circumstances determine everything .
The muscularity of Audiard 's approach becomes more macho and less appealing as the film goes on , and the script wanders down distracting byroads that make it feel episodic and inattentive .
-LSB- It -RSB- benefits from unvarnished , forthright performances from Marion Cotillard and Bullhead hunk Matthias Schoenaerts , as well as from the utterly convincing representation of the former 's paraplegic state .
It is a passionate and moving love story which surges out of the screen like a flood tide .


@highlight

Surging on strong performances from Marion Cotillard and Matthias Schoenaerts , Rust and Bone is as vibrant and messily unpredictable as life itself .