It 's a genre-bending jaunt that can truly shock and hypnotize if given the chance
Still , it 's a movie with lots of bewitching ideas , including the use of bizarre , inescapable cycles of events as a way to say something about family relationships .
The cinematography is fluid . The performances are cool and precise . The film itself is worth forming a cult around .
A mind-bending Möbius strip of a movie , this indie sci-fi makes up for what it lacks in budget with a wealth of playful ideas .
It 's slightly baffling at times , but always inventive and disquieting .
It 's a story about what it means to be comforted , and ultimately confined by , the routines that make up your life .
The search for feeling is declined in the form pf purgatory in the most discreet ways . Hopefully the blockbuster gods do n't snatch these directors . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The grounding force of this film is the brothers ' relationship , which is contentious but loving , and wholly realistic .
Bewitching .
There is a very good idea for a really intriguing , startling film here , that finally gets a little lost in its own freakily cosmic claustrophobia .
This impressive low-budget indie weaves a genre-defying tapestry of weirdness , atmospherics and cultish horrors across a dusty US setting .
It 's a thoughtful , intellectually ambitious film with a strong human element ... the closer you let yourself get to it , the more you understand , the more the deep currents of fear beneath its surface will take possession of you , dragging you down .
This is another hugely impressive effort from two of the most exciting filmmakers working in the genre right now . Take a chance and take the trip , you wo n't regret it .
Benson and Moorhead navigate this tricky terrain skilfully both in front of as well as behind the camera , their performances low-key and naturalistic , allowing the leads to be comfortably mundane while the circumstances around them prove anything but .
This symbolic sequel to -LSB- the directors ' -RSB- previous film , Resolution ... is even more exciting and mature than their previous work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Endless is a different beast : original , unhurried and , considering the resources , often staggering .
If the performances are strong , with Benson and Moorhead 's easy sibling dynamic running the gamut from affection to exasperation , the film 's biggest strength is its growing sense of unease .
UFO death cult movie is yet another , mostly original , genre-film sleeper taking striking advantage of its locations .
What transpires is an intriguing mystery/sci-fi film that cleverly plays the ends against the middle .
This is Benson and Moorhead 's most professionally-made movie to date , but they hold on to an amateurish enthusiasm that works largely for the best .
Plays out like a surreal Lynchian freakout .
The special effects are more of the psychological nature , with nothing evil shown clearly but its presence always pervading .
... this filmmaking duo is a prime example of limited means sparking creativity
The Endless is a kind of sci-fi , Lovecraftian puzzle box . The pleasure of watching it is probably like what people feel when they sign up for one of those escape room adventures .
Shades of `` Primer '' are definitely present in `` The Endless , '' a modestly budgeted , time-loop science fiction thriller that effectively mixes science and fantasy .
The interesting premise and the measured storytelling style help `` The Endless '' overcome the limitations of its modest budget , and even if the final outcome is n't hugely satisfying , the film should be a nice option for genre fans .
A risk that pays off .
Even lovers of the opaque might desire a little more to grasp onto . But the mystery is a pungent one , and the images and ideas stay with you after the lights go up .
It 's an exercise in intimate unease that presents a potentially fantastical storyline but grounds it in reality and offers characters we actually like , no matter how flawed and frustrating they might be .
An example of craft and imagination blending together in perfect , spellbinding unison .
It 's unheralded , but this film is a quiet , understated , gem .
The Endless is inventive and imaginative in a low-budget , DIY way - it has some of the do-a-lot-with-a-little spirit of those early Brit Marling independents .
The Endless invites you to puzzle over it or just enjoy its strange surfaces without losing too much sleep . For a pair of directors with Lovecraftian sensibilities , that 's pretty friendly .
It might leave you scratching your head , but this offbeat science-fiction thriller has an ambitious vision that ca n't be dismissed .
`` The Endless '' grows more mind-boggling as it goes on , but Benson and Moorhead keep the film grounded , making its twists and turns all the more compelling .
The Endless goes places both eerily unexpected and emotionally affecting , the all-encompassing monstrous beauty of this spellbinding sci-fi thriller impossible to understate .
`` The Endless '' is more of a sci-fi thriller , but it is exquisitely tense at times as well as intellectually engaging . And , when you least expect it , it 's funny and moving too .
Tthey have a ball with the film 's screwy internal logic and effective visual design , somehow landing on a breezy tone despite a seriously heavy nucleus of unthinkable dread .
No fair telling you where all this is headed , but Benson and Moorhead create an eerie little movie that effectively plays with time and mortality -- and with our heads .
Part of the delicious joy of watching this film is by allowing it to unfold . Benson 's script , that he also co-directs with his real-life sibling , is a slow drip of confounding developments .
As the story becomes more unsettling , it 's fun to watch how the filmmakers weave their characters into this mind-bending world .
The eventual reveal fits with the film 's overall intelligence and interest in people and existence over spectacle and action . -LRB- Though there 's some of that as well . -RRB- The Endless is a smart , sweetly creepy good time .
Benson and Moorhead have made The Endless intriguing in theory , but sloppy and disappointing in its mediocre execution .
Beneath the story 's weird surface , there 's also a perceptive study of the fraught relationship between the two brothers .
Unlike more mainstream shared-universe films , The Endless functions as a self-contained and very entertaining little puzzlebox on its own merits .
By the end , you 'll wish the whole film had remained unknown .
What The Endless lacks in spectacle -LRB- though it does have some FX -RRB- it more than makes up in character detail and narrative invention .
`` The Endless '' gets into your head and keeps you alert for whatever abnormal turn comes next .
Spooky , funny , touching and very , very well made .
The atmosphere of both the backwoods nature and eerie friendliness of the community are inviting ; audiences want to stick around by this cult , and that is at once the highest compliment one can give the film and a terrifying feeling
We 're watching a straightforward sequel serving as a skeleton key to decipher its predecessor through re-contextualization while also providing a unique story removed from it .
The Endless is n't just terrific - it 's poised to be that breakout genre hit that It Follows and The Babadook were in past years .
Dotted throughout with clever clues and showcasing a remarkable narrative dexterity , The Endless makes it three home runs on the trot for Benson and Moorhead .
There 's also a sly sense of humor that prevents The Endless from ever feeling obvious , conventional , dull , or , well , endless .
In The Endless , Moorhead and Benson show how sustained paranoia and foreboding can keep an audience hooked as effectively as special effects -LRB- though if the effects in the film are sparse , they 're no less potent for it -RRB- .
Every viewer is going to come to terms with the truths of this narrative in different ways and in this case , that will make for some very intriguing conversation and debate ; a result I believe Justin and Aaron had been yearning for .
Great use of an eerie Southern California landscape and some fine , naturalistic acting emphasizes how the ordinary can sometimes seem threatening - and vice-versa .
The Endless feels like a thunderstorm . It brews slowly , softly , and then in the blink of an eye , has consumed you , booming with fury and jaw-dropping force .
A movie that plays with our perceptions of time , space , and reality , and sketches the outlines of unimaginable terror while leaving the details to our imagination .
But Benson & Moorehead manage to pull off compelling performances as the ex-cultists . They have a believable chemistry as brothers : affectionate yet tense , as liable to hug it out as slug it out .
The less you know about the reveals going in will make The Endless more rewarding
This idea may at first seem both dumb and highly implausible , but viewers eager to poke holes in the scenario should give it time . `` The Endless '' rewards patience with mind-bending twists and turns .
What puts The Endless ahead of many indie genre films of its type is not only Moorhead 's skill as a cinematographer , but also the judicious way in which he and Benson apply their presumably limited budget .
An excellent foray into Lovecraftian horror , mixing cosmic dread and some mordant humor in ways that manage to be consistently disorienting .
Felker and Benson 's fast-slow-fast pacing not only gives psychological weight to Benson 's unabashedly pulpy scenario but also constantly keeps viewers on their toes .
The result is a thoughtful investigation into how our past and our families shape who we are - with plenty of scares and mind-bending twists .
Benson and Moorhead 's film first shows the appeal of commune living so that it 's all the more unnerving when the amiable façade falls away .
An intriguing look at an almost mystical group living in a commune .
After an intriguing and tense first half , the film becomes increasingly crazy , but Benson and Moorhead clearly have talent and we may well hear more from them in the future .
While The Endless in some ways feels like a dead end , it still leaves you hopeful for whatever uncanny visions they can dream up next .
Other movies will throw together the leads as brothers for convenience , for quick , manufactured pathos . Here , you do n't for a second doubt the depth of Justin and Aaron 's bond , fractured as it is .
The monsters here include the repetitive rigour of late-era capitalism and Lovecraftian beasts , and the mind-bending story is conveyed through the strained frame of family as the duo struggle with their bond .
... akin to a ` blockbuster of the mind '
Although parts of the film seem almost too clever by half , Moorehead and Benson do a marvelous job sustaining an atmosphere of eerie dread .
... deeply unsettling , fantastically eerie ... a phantasmagoria of surreal mystery .
The Endless -LSB- is -RSB- a meta-commentary of the nature of storytelling and a self-examination of the creative mind , the film will likely have its audience questioning their perception of time as they look to sky for falling photographs .
There 's a neat premise at the heart of The Endless and its characters feel real enough to keep you engaged even as the plot gets more peculiar .
THE ENDLESS is the purest vision we could ever hope to see from two filmmakers who are as comfortable examining the mysteries of the universe as they are the intimacies of our own hearts .
The looping twilight zone that -LSB- Benson and Moorhead -RSB- have created is both a familiar retread of previous work & a springboard for something genuinely , unnervingly original ...
The Endless is a rewarding , engaging cinematic genre experience , and much more than the sum of its parts .
-LSB- Justin -RSB- Benson and -LSB- Aaron -RSB- Moorhead are in every frame of this film . Together they give the cosmos-mangling insanity a grounded truth and a light hilarity
-LSB- A -RSB- rich banquet of mind-bending weirdness .
Imaginative , enthralling , astute with its aesthetics and atmosphere , and insightful in contemplating both human and supernatural drama .
What makes this a true indie gem is that there is heart at the center of the story , hoping to send a message to viewers that sometimes you need to leave your baggage behind you in order to be happy .
A demanding , rewarding picture with moments of unusual terror and awe , offering a science fiction/horror scenario on a literally cosmic scale which boils down to a study of a complicated sibling relationship .
Once again , Moorhead and Benson have raised the bar in the realm of indie filmmaking with their collaborative efforts on The Endless .
Hiccups aside , though , The Endless rapidly develops from a mysterious , elliptical story about cult survivors and strained relationships into a much larger and stranger movie , essentially the Aliens to Resolution 's original Alien .
While not flashy enough to rival blockbuster science fiction offerings at the box office , `` The Endless '' ought to delight those who like having their imaginations tickled by projects such as `` Another Earth '' and `` The OA . ''
Enjoy The Endless-Benson and Moorhead are on a roll .
The Endless beats the drum for magnetic , riveting indies built on asking questions with the utmost curiosity -LRB- and hard genre thrills to boot -RRB- .
ventures to a place where genre 's boundaries are at their most blurred & human dramas play out on eerie supernatural stages that amplify the everyday stakes involved in evolving from one 's own behavioural patterns & confronting one 's own mortality
There 's no mistaking this is a Moorhead and Benson movie . The meta themes they deal with , imbued with a very real human conflict , and subtle but surreal visual effects have become their trademark three movies into their partnership .

@highlight

The Endless benefits from its grounded approach to an increasingly bizarre story , elevated by believable performances by filmmakers Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead .