This movie is full of hot , grimy , lonesome cowpokes , and nobody pokes anyone . LAME !
Classic book gallops to the big screen .
... an entirely needless piece of work .
Perhaps the children will enjoy this , but I was just choked by the corniness ...
If it 's going to be a paint-by-numbers plot then there should be an emotional core to hang it on .
With Flicka , young ladies who were n't in the market for Brokeback Mountain get their own chance to drool over the wide open spaces and awe-inspiring mountains of Wyoming , if they can avert their gaze from the gorgeous horses , that is .
A girl and a horse : that 's love . What more can we want ?
A skillfully told , beautifully shot coming-of-age story .
An engrossing and beautifully acted remake that salutes horses , freedom , and familial love in ways that stir the heart .
It 's about wild horses representing a special sort of speed , force , and freedom , beyond Wild West shows and shootouts and men with no names .
Ultimately , the entire endeavor seems like an effort to cash in on a predictably bankable tale .
If you seek high-quality family entertainment , you have a friend in `` Flicka . ''
Maria Bello 's skill and onscreen presence speak volumes about the mother 's thoughts and feelings , even when the script leaves her high and dry .
This is a genuinely nice movie that wears its old-fashioned values proudly , and I had a good time watching it . Flicka is for the teenage girl in all of us .
Flicka 's simplicity may be its best attribute .
will surely appeal to young girls , and even the occasional grown male film critic .
Would I pay to see it ? No , probably not , but then I 'm not a 12-year-old girl or the parent of a young child .
There simply are n't enough scenes illustrating the burgeoning bond between Katy and Flicka .
It 's got lovely vistas , and earnest performances , and Allison Lohman ... is very believable .
Formulaic but family-friendly revision and updating of the familiar coming-of-age drama .
It takes a pristine gift for mediocrity to ruin Mary O'Hara 's muscular children 's novel about a wild boy and his wild horse , but director Michael Mayer has brought off the massacre with aplomb .
Lohman tries her darnedest to put some spirit in this rustic Flicka flick , but she 's burned by the buckboard-wooden dialogue and by McGraw , who better keep the reins on his day job .
A beautifully photographed slice of pony porn for the preteen set .
Never met a cliché it did n't like .
There 's nothing friendly about this joyless and repellently melodramatic family film .
Set against the gorgeous backdrop of a Wyoming mountain range , -LSB- Flicka -RSB- offers up fantasy footage for every strong-willed girl who ever straddled a saddle .
You ca n't go wrong with this plot : Girl meets pony , girl loses pony , girl gets pony back . There are problems , but they all live happily ever after , that 's boilerplate . But so what ?
Director Mayer knows how to tug at the heartstrings , and his admirably restrained cast keeps the family drama from becoming too sugary .
Alison Lohman , the 27-year-old actress who plays Katy , makes the whole thing worth watching .
This Flicka may not be a classic , but it 's a nice afternoon 's entertainment , particularly for girls who ride wild horses in their dreams .
The apparent lesson of the movie ? Keep disobeying your parents and you 'll eventually get your way .
Young kids may well find the story charming and identify with the headstrong Katy , while their parents are likely to find the situation quaint and a little dull .
Flicka is a bronc you should n't put money on .
Wholesome , family-friendly , nicely photographed and , unfortunately , dull .
A perfectly pleasant updating of the story , well-acted , nicely directed and beautifully photographed .
The filmmakers behind the sweet-hearted , mostly well-made family film Flicka know their target audience . In fact , they cater to it at the expense of the original book .
Often very beautiful looking , but gracelessly directed .
A movie which seems designed to do nothing more than feature some pretty pictures of horses and possibly move a few units of a tie-in soundtrack .
Flicka is a classic tearjerker but may be a little too old-fashioned for its own good .
Flicka is a new version of the family classic about a teenager and a wild horse that 's as misconceived as it is corny and predictable .
Horse-mad tweens may not notice its flaws , but with a defter touch , even this familiar story might have made for a more exciting ride .
The latest version of this beloved kid-loves-horse story has everything a film requires to attract an equine-crazy audience of all ages .
A coming-of-age tale that proves as gentle as its subject is wild .
There 's plenty of singing and haircutting and pretty landscape and annoying crap to fill in the blanks between confrontations .
As things progress , the magic of the story asserts itself over the audience .
A guaranteed tearjerker .
Somewhere between Friday Night Lights and the new family film Flicka , Tim McGraw forgot how to act . That 's a big problem for a film that 's already hobbling a bit .
This is the kind of movie that many families are looking for , but all too rarely receive .
Alison Lohman is appropriately tousled as the rebellious teen , who identifies with the horse she 's struggling to tame , but her performance is alternately shrill and pouty .
-LSB- A -RSB- lovably corny adaptation of Mary O'Hara 's grade-school classic , My Friend Flicka .
This would fit right in with the `` follow your heart '' school of thought that has been common to , say , Disney films of the past 20 years .
The sentimentality meter redlines in the finale , which mixes elements of Old Yeller and E.T. , but much of the movie 's tear-jerking is earned honestly .
It 's not bad -- pretty people , pretty animals and pretty scenery -- it 's only pointless .
J. Michael Muro 's gorgeous cinematography spreads the astonishing beauty of rural Wyoming across the Cinemascope screen . ... McGraw gives an appealingly understated performance ...
I doubt ... that Mayer , who fills the film with many unexpectedly lovely , lyrical moments , would have chosen to set Flicka 's wrenching emotional centerpiece to a hideously maudlin , ear-piercing country song .
Young Alison Lohman continues to be an actress to watch .
The movie is inoffensive and forgettable , which is probably what they were going for .
Even I , the most macho movie critic in all of the land , had one manly tear running down my rough , unshaven cheek after this movie ... It 's the movie you want to see with someone who wo n't be embarrassed when you cry .
`` No one 's riding that loco thing ! '' Well , of course as soon as we hear that line we know someone 's going to have to ride it .
Flicka does not seem to be pandering to the dictates of Hollywood formula filmmaking , and everything about it seems structured to evoke that special love which young girls seem to universally feel for the equine species .
A well-made family drama pitched to young adults that 's honest , tough and surprisingly engaging .
Girl meets horse yet again in this entertainingly ridiculous update of Mary O'Hara 's 1941 childrens novel , My Friend Flicka .
Flicka proves a pleasant surprise for a family film .
A movingly told variation on an old story .
Breathtaking scenery and the sweet story of a girl , her dad and a special horse make Flicka a worthwhile family flick .
It must have annoyed the people making Flicka when Dreamer came out last year . They 're similar films , and Dreamer is better .
Sentimental but not cloying , Flicka is family-friendly entertainment that hits almost all the right notes , even though it is playing the same old song .
At its best , the movie sounds like a standard Hollywood product in an automatic heartfelt mode .
Not to beat , well , a dead horse , but , despite its lovely scenery , likable cast and pro-mustang message , this Flicka seems superfluous and manipulative .
Flicka is a great family flick , perfect for a dad-and-daughter date , a family film outing , and everyone who 's read and loved the book .
... lessons are learned , love is spoken and nobody needs to be put down -LRB- including country-music star Tim McGraw -RRB- .
A thoroughly uninspiring drama that ultimately buckles under Michael Mayer 's weighty direction .
A new yet insistently old-fashioned spin on the kid-lit classic My Friend Flicka .
The dull dialogue and predictable action corrals the actors .
Part of the point is that untamability , of `` spirit '' at least , is to be celebrated . Katie and the movie both argue that such a quality is inherently American . And the movie argues pretty loud .
Makes Dreamer , the last mediocre girl-and-her-horse movie , seem almost brilliant by comparison .
To call this the best horse-and-kid picture since The Black Stallion a quarter century ago is true but misleading ; it 's not really either an animal or a kids ' film but rather a young adult drama that rings emotionally true .
It 's an old fashioned and reasonably satisfying family film that will work just as well if you wait for video .
Their voice is strong , they 're just not singing a new tune .


@highlight

The rebellious protagonist will rally girls and children , but adults may find Flicka saddled with thin characters , over-the-top dialogue , and a plot that wanders into the countryside and never comes back .