With such incendiary opinion on offer , it might have been a temptation for Moreh to lay out these testimonies end to end ... What makes the film so satisfying , though , is the appreciable craft with which the material is organized and presented .
The complexities of the ongoing conflict are addressed with clarity , insight , candour and intimate revelations of personal moral struggles .
No matter your opinion on the Israel-Palestine situation , The Gatekeepers is necessary viewing . It 's very impressive that a documentary about Israel 's intelligence-gathering organization comes off as neither pro-Israel nor anti-Israel .
The history is fascinating enough to overcome the film 's intrusive digital transitions .
Anyone with a serious interest in Israel should see the extraordinary new documentary The Gatekeepers .
The film bravely pulls focus on Israel 's behaviour as an occupying power , the treatment of the Palestinians and joins the growing list of recent films that cast a critical eye over a subject that was once deemed too thorny to question .
This is unprecedented stuff right here , on a topic so volatile it feels like it 's just waiting to explode . And as a film , it 's effective - for the most part .
Dror Moreh 's documentary is remarkable not for stylistic innovation but for the very fact it exists .
The film is detailed and requires concentration , especially for those who need to read the subtitles . But the effort is worth it for anyone vaguely interested in the subject . And of course the subject goes to the heart of the human condition
A candid , revelatory and at times disturbing documentary that represents one of the ` must-sees ' of 2013 .
THE GATEKEEPERS does n't want to function in binaries , it immerses you into the moral and ethical ` grey ' quandary of Israel/Palestine .
The Gatekeepers shines as both an excellent history lesson and a remarkably in-depth look at one of the world 's most important covert agencies .
The Gatekeepers is a fascinating , often shocking , look into the Israeli-Palestinian conflict through the eyes of some of the men who would know it best .
Moreh 's interviewees span generations , from elder statesman Avraham Shalom -LRB- mastermind of the 1960 Adolf Eichmann grab -RRB- to most recent spook-in-chief Yuval Diskin . Each displays a disarming mix of even-voiced candor and respect for talk-it-out diplomacy .
As you listen to these six former chiefs of one of the world 's most secretive organizations , it 's hard not to have your jaw drop in awe , or surprise at their sudden candor .
There is a powerful moment in -LSB- the film -RSB- when Diskin , head of the Shin Bet from 2005 to 2011 , candidly remarks that for the Palestinians he is himself a terrorist . That is not relativism but realism , and the welcome sign of an empathetic imagination .
Dror Moreh 's terrific documentary can stand beside Errol Morris 's The Fog of War as a cinematic illustration of how human psyches bend beneath the pressure of terrible actions .
A powerful cautionary tale about the concept of security , and how illusory it really is .
In the end , the accumulated stories in The Gatekeepers offer tremendous insight about the Israeli-Palestinian situation . It feels more like it was prepared as a history document for Shin Bet rookies than a documentary .
... a riveting and sobering documentary about Shin Bet that raises important if unanswerable questions about the morality of state-sanctioned violence in the name of internal security .
-LSB- Moreh -RSB- asks just the right questions , never prodding these understandably private men too far but getting what he needs .
A riveting but depressing history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
It 's a depressing movie , yet there is encouragement to be found in the manifest decency and reasonableness of these six honest , articulate men ...
The former heads of Israel 's military anti-terrorism agency Shin Bet break their silence in this unnerving , eye-opening documentary .
The film , though based on the exploits of Shin Bet , gives us reason to think about the drones that take out more than just terrorists .
Makes for truly bracing viewing .
A fascinating film offering a startling look inside one of the most tightlipped intelligence agencies on the planet , and providing powerful resonances with the US and UK 's `` war on terror '' .
A compelling overview of a modern security agency - bred in a moral grey area , organising state-sanctioned violence , but uncertain of the strength of its political safety net .
While memorable in sometimes unexpected ways -LRB- 1980 head Avraham Shalom 's long unwashed nails -RRB- , there is always the nagging feeling that any revelations are being pushed or sold a little too hard .
Dror Moreh 's Oscar-nominated documentary is riveting , haunting and depressing in equal measure , offering a sobering assessment of the Israel-Palestine conflict from a unique perspective .
-LSB- T -RSB- he Oscar-nominated documentary in which the six living former heads of Shin Bet , the ultrasecretive Israeli domestic security agency , talk about their antiterrorism work ...
Although The Gatekeepers may not be quite theatrical nor dramatic enough for it to be highly recommended as a cinematic experience , this does feel like a film that really should be seen .
Many secrets are revealed and examined in director Dror Moreh 's mind-blowingly fine film . If I have a quibble , it 's that he never reveals the most tantalizing secret of all : how the hell he pulled it off .
-LSB- An -RSB- absorbing documentary , which charts the Israeli-Palestinian conflict from the Six Day War to the presentday .
Insightful , revelatory and profound , Moreh 's Oscar-nominated documentary combines riveting interviews , archive footage and - yes - state-of-the-art photographic effects to offer a unique perspective on the Israel-Palestine issue .
Both journalistic coup and unsettling confirmation of the idea that ` you ca n't make peace using military means . '
Much like Errol Morris ' `` The Fog of War , '' Dror Moreh 's film is a sobering inside look inside history , at mistakes made and opportunities missed .
Moreh employs a direct interviewing style , reminiscent of Errol Morris ' work , to get the men to talk about their days leading Shin Bet .
Moreh gets some startling confessions and insights from each man but also misses the opportunity to truly challenge his subjects on their regard for democracy , basic human rights and their own accountability .
Director Dror Moreh does n't rest on his scoop
A powerful look inside the Israeli defense establishment
A deadly serious and detailed examination of and meditation upon the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , The Gatekeepers makes no attempt to find a silver lining .
The rule of surveillance is to keep quiet and let others do the talking . The Oscar-nominated documentary The Gatekeepers flips the script , to astonishing effect , giving voice to the retired directors of Shin Bet , Israel 's domestic intelligence agency .
An up-close and personal look at the psychology of war -- their war and , by extension , all war .
The film and its talking head participants paint the picture in both broad strokes and fine detail .
Whatever one 's political stripe regarding Israel , it 's hard to dispute the impressions and perspective of the film 's six eyewitnesses .
A riveting firsthand account of how legitimate security concerns can lead to policies considered extreme and even immoral by the people administering them .
The level of candor here may not satisfy hard-liners of either stripe , but it can help viewers begin to formulate new questions about the philosophical , strategic and moral challenges of conflict , in particular `` wars on terror . ''
Ultimately the movie feels evasive , and its flashy , digitally animated re-creations of military surveillance footage unpleasantly evoke the Call of Duty video games .
Extraordinary ... not only an engrossing first-hand account of Israel 's Palestinian policies over time , but one that may have lessons to teach both Israeli leaders and other nations confronting those they identify as terrorists .
It offers startlingly honest insight into the Israeli-Palestinian conflict from some of those who called the shots .
Unprecedented and deeply unsettling , it offers little hope for a lasting peace in that war-torn region .
For its candor and impact , deserves to be seen and discussed .
An often remarkable Israeli documentary about Shin Bet , the country 's internal security agency .
As a political testament , the result is revealing and important .
A monolith crumbles in The Gatekeepers , and it 's a sight to inspire awe .
As a clear-eyed examination of a conflict that seems to have no end , The Gatekeepers is powerful , provocative stuff .
A remarkable character study .
`` The Gatekeepers '' is a triumph of storytelling , a revealing view into the intricate shadow worlds of international espionage .
Moreh conducts a kind of primer in the organization 's history , which is , in its own way , a history of modern Israel . It 's fascinating .
`` The Gatekeepers '' achieves something rare : It is riveting because of both its intellectual rigor and its filmmaking vigor .
If for no other reason , it deserves to be seen for arranging decades of events in the Middle East into a chronology that , to an outsider , makes dreadful sense .
I got as much enjoyment out of this film about as much as a 6 year-old would .
A remarkable behind-the-scenes peek at how Israel 's in-house CIA/FBI has operated , both honorably and questionably , from the Six-Day War until now .
As a work of contemporary political history and moral philosophy , it 's essential viewing .
An inside look into one of the most secretive and sophisticated intelligence apparatus in the world may not be what you expected .
Filmmaker Dror Moreh gives a unique look , from those in the know , of the inner workings of Israel 's home intelligence service .
As Moreh probes the men , we , whether we agree with them or not , find ourselves drawn into their moral maze in all of its complexity .
This is a film that leaves a knot in the stomach , and no easy solutions as to how to get rid of it .
A sobering but welcome dose of honesty regarding issues and events that have otherwise been shrouded in secrecy and overheated rhetoric .
Israelis , generally speaking , tend to be tough , but the men who 've commanded Shin Bet , Israel 's secret service , are in a whole other category .
The ` other ' Oscar-nominated feature about a war on terror , Dror Moreh 's documentary The Gatekeepers proves more intellectually engaging than Hollywood 's Zero Dark Thirty , and at least as unsettling .
Important and incomplete .
A lesser filmmaker might 've been tripped up by such a narrow focus . A lesser filmmaker might 've misjudged the melange of archival footage , fabricated surveillance footage and talking heads , which Moreh handles with a blend of cinematic flash and tact .
The film makes explicit and implicit endorsements . The strategy of vengeance and overkill is ineffective and leads Israel to horrific behavior described only through metaphor .
Lean and riveting , a model of clarity , economy and seamless editing , with a slow-building despair that leaves a sting .
A blunt , clear-eyed , first-hand take on decades of Middle Eastern history , from practically the founding of the Jewish state up through the recent fits and starts of the Israeli-Palestinian peace process .
Moreh has assembled a thorough , evenhanded and fascinating examination of people and operations straight out of a spy novel .
The subjects ' openness is refreshing - and sometimes frightening .
A feat - of access and of passionate and appropriately unsettling political commentary .
This brave documentary draws a line in the sand . One just wishes Moreh had asked these men what they were doing to change the situation now other than having changed their minds .
The Gatekeepers cuts deeper than any political thriller . It 's a powerhouse .
From the moment you hear one of these former insiders admitting his misgivings over an act of violence he perpetrated , you ca n't help but be drawn in .
It 's an eye-opener .
The access boggles the mind , and some of the stories are riveting .
-LSB- T -RSB- houghtfully examines the difficulties of protecting a democracy from internal enemies ... with realpolitik towards peace -LSB- and -RSB- repeated criticism of government leaders .
The Israeli journalist Dror Moreh has hit a documentarian 's trifecta with `` The Gatekeepers . ''
Self-serving baloney reminiscent of Errol Morris 's Robert McNamara documentary
The Gatekeepers serves as a terrifying oracle , with Israel forevermore a powder keg waiting to go off .
Totally fascinating and unexpected . No bravura filmmaking here , but rich , often startling observations about anti-terrorism , torture and the amorality of it all .
-LSB- A -RSB- searching , engrossing , and stylish inquiry ...
You 'll be arguing with your friends about the ethics of secrecy and defense for hours ; that 's what makes these exit interviews so essential .
The Gatekeepers does n't play like agitprop . The storytelling is strong , the images stark .
`` The Gatekeepers '' is an exceptionally well-crafted documentary that commands repeated viewings to fully absorb the enormous quantity and quality of editorial information it provides ...
An inventive , concise and damning look at the tit-for-tat nature of Israel 's perpetual war with Palestinians , terrorists and otherwise .
A tart , complicated cocktail of a film sure to send audience members out of the theatre with heads abuzz and arguments a-popping .
Retired members of Israel 's Shin Bet security people are surprisingly honest about their country 's policies toward Palestinians .
As Shalom now sits for his interview , wearing plaid shirt and red suspenders , he looks like someone 's grandfather as he blames the `` politicians '' for the cover up .
The brutal recent history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is rivetingly recounted by some of its most prominent players in The Gatekeepers .
Their honest assessments shed light on issues that continue to reverberate .
Moreh 's reporting is impressive , built on those extensive interviews and some startling footage , from wartime newsreels to bomb-site views of quickly exploding targets .
A documentary potent enough to alter how you see the world .
It is hard to imagine a movie about the Middle East that could be more timely , more painfully urgent , more challenging to conventional wisdom on all sides of the conflict .
The filmmaker does n't speculate about why these men are talking , but he leaves you with an excellent guess .
A refreshingly candid and controversial documentary where former heads of Israel 's security agency explain their take on the war against terrorism and express their criticism of the nation as a police state .
Even when the so-called Gatekeepers offer up damning testimony against their organization , there 's no real threat that they 'll ever be held accountable for it .
I do n't think it is fair to call this anti-Israeli . It is pro-peace .


@highlight

Strikingly stark , brutally honest , and rivetingly assembled , The Gatekeepers offers essential perspective on a seemingly intractable war from some of the men who fought it .