so far fetched that I could n't swallow the story
Writer-director Joby Harold 's debut is stylishly self-assured and suspenseful enough to quicken the pulse .
Outlandish , preposterous , contrived , and implausible thriller which happens to be fun if you ignore the fact that it 's outlandish , preposterous , contrived and implausible .
Imagine it 's a comedy and pray for the end .
Less painful than having your chest cut open , but a disagreeable experience just the same .
Se um ator admirável como Terrence Howard surge tão constrangedor neste longa , que chances teriam pobres aspirantes a intérpretes como Hayden Christensen e Jessica Alba ?
Sex , Lies and Surgical Tape meets I Saw Mommy Killing Santa Claus !
much better than i expected
It becomes more and more fun as the twists pile up -- not entirely convincing , but diverting , like something concocted by a bright eighth-grader .
Harold sustains an unsettling tone and the graphic depiction of what goes on under the knife is , well , a surgery-phobic patient 's worst nightmare
The twist-happy screenplay holds together , and the actors around Christensen are better than they have to be : not only reliable hands like Lena Olin and Arliss Howard , but also a perfectly cast Jessica Alba , smartly playing with and against her looks .
Makes one want to assume a state of mind opposite to the film 's title .
Unloads a volley of plot twists that 'll have you slapping your head in disbelief , provided you have n't figured them out by the end of Act I .
While much of `` Awake '' simply does n't work , there are just enough things on display that do to make you wish that someone had taken the time to elaborate on them
Is this goofy , misguided movie enough to keep you `` Awake ? `` Probably , but only if you 're laughing during this unintentionally comical drama .
Engages the viewer from start to finish and boasts a handful of decent performances . Crazy but fun .
Admittedly mediocre , this psychological thriller is nevertheless gripping in its reality-based terror .
Awake feels like an Alfred Hitchcock Presents episode unfolding in slow motion , with each new revelation coming a reel or two after viewers have guessed it .
A medical thriller with a noggin full of novocaine , this shocker about a botched heart surgery evidently suffered brain surgery to match .
The movie offers twist upon twist upon twist , with no actual plot .
The most vapid stars of our age , Hayden Christensen and Jessica Alba , achieve total vapidosity in this jaw-dropping exercise in preposterosity from newcomer Joby Harold .
Waking up during major surgery would be horrible . Waking up during surgery and being forced to watch Awake would be truly ghastly .
Will he wake up ? Will he die ? Will his voice-over ever stop ? Will the pain , the infernal pain , of this insufferable film ever end ? All is revealed within 78 minutes , but it 's doubtful you 'll be awake .
With a couple of more drafts to mend the plot holes and restructure the middle act , Awake could have been saved .
The movie plays like three different stories stuck together with old chewing gum . We 're going to guess that a committee did the final edit . We 're going to suggest that you skip this one .
-LSB- Joby -RSB- Harold 's script has a surprise or three in it , a biggy near the end . But he 's a director with no poker face . He tips his hand early and often .
I 'm sure if I saw Awake again , I 'd find plot holes you could drive a monster truck through but , on first viewing , I thought it was slick , goofy entertainment .
Awake is a pleasing if negligible diversion .
It 's not a great movie by any means , but as a throwaway thriller with a terrific mid-movie twist , it 's not bad way to spend 84 minutes .
The plot has more holes in it than a tea bag and the film should come with a warning label : do n't go see with anyone with even a modicum of medical knowledge , because they 'll surely spend the film huffing and rolling their eyes skyward .
If you have an ax to grind with someone who harbors a morbid fear of surgery , you could n't design a better revenge than taking them to see Awake .
apart from the squirm-inducing premise , there 's not much else going on in the movie .
an exercise in dramatic paralysis .
Possibly the worst movie of 2007 , and certainly the worst movie ever made featuring the spirits of dying people discussing their futures and sharing mortal flashbacks .
The movie tries going for a laugh or two . It even makes stabs at irony . But since none of the story is suspenseful , remotely believable , or , at the very least , cheaply entertaining , who cares ?
Awake is filled with risible medical behavior -LRB- the sterility of the operating room is repeatedly compromised -RRB- and a horizontal Mr. Christensen screaming variations on `` Oh no , I can feel that ! ''
Debuting writer-director Joby Harold 's thriller does have an attention-getting plot hook , but piles on too many narrative gimmicks to maintain suspense or credibility .
The way characters interact with each other and the manner in which the master plan unfolds will stretch the credulity of even the most generous viewer .
Sometimes in their urgency to prevent critics from seeing their dreck , film companies throw out the baby with the bathwater . Such is the case with this nifty little thriller .
Accuracy is not the point . Suspense is . And from the moment Clay realizes he is not fully under anesthesia and can hear and feel everything that is happening , the movie had me .
Awake manages a weak pulse for a time but dies ultimately in its makers ' hands .
The plot grows increasingly ludicrous as additional details are revealed .
Seldom have betrayal and greed been presented in such a sloppy manner on film .
You 'll laugh out loud when you see the operating room , which looks like something out of an early Woody Allen comedy .
So screechingly obvious by the 15-minute mark that all the viewer is left to do for the remainder of the running time is wait around for the slow-witted machinations of the script to catch up .
A small , predictable mystery story that unfolds without reason as both the viewers and the primary characters act as flies on the wall .
Silly , but fans of Christensen and Alba should be pleased .
Go see Awake fully-caffeinated with a bunch of friends willing to yell back at the screen and cheer for Lena Olin whenever she appears . It 's the right way to enjoy such an unintentionally camp piece of crap .
What a waste . Check out -LSB- Hitchcock 's -RSB- Breakdown or Aldo Lado 's 1971 Italian giallo Long Night of the Short Dolls for a far better treatments of the same subject .
A would-be psychological thriller without much psychology and even fewer thrills , Awake is more likely to put you to sleep .
Shot over two years ago , released on the least-attended movie weekend of the year , and withheld from press screenings . Yowsa ... one goofy thriller that can barely sustain a running time , much less provide heart-stopping chills .
I ca n't think of less business-savvy premise for a movie than that of Awake ...
For what it 's worth : The best Jessica Alba movie of the year !
While the film kept my interest to a degree , it was more out of sheer curiosity of how much sillier writer/director Joby Harold would make the thing .
With better actors in the two main roles , this movie would probably have been great , but with Christensen and Alba , it 's just okay .
The filmmakers of Awake have crafted a domestic thriller that just may end up putting you ASLEEP .






@highlight

Awake has an interesting premise but would have benefited from tighter performances and more efficient direction and editing .