Filmmaker Dieckmann has infused Motherhood with a meandering sensibility that immediately sets the viewer on edge ...
Pity party for moms .
Motherhood is neither insight nor escapism . It 's a yummy-mummy newspaper column splurged onto celluloid , like baby sick on your best cashmere sweater .
An authentic account of stressed-out parenting , but anyone sans sprogs will find limited appeal in this one-trick pony .
I would n't care if she was at the epicentre of the movement for global peace : she 's a happily married mother who looks like Uma Thurman , and my reserves of sympathy are limited .
This whiny drivel makes me ashamed to be a woman .
Few vanity projects can be as ill-conceived as this laughless , goggingly slow Uma Thurman vehicle .
If you ever wanted to spend an entire movie in the company of a frazzled , childcare-juggling Uma Thurman on a singularly bad hair day , Motherhood could well be manna from heaven .
A light , cheery metropolitan take on what it 's like to be left holding the baby .
It 's a well-meaning movie , but the attempts to provide amusing insights into the everyday life of a full-time mum are hamstrung by the 24-hour time frame .
It 's hard to see why the target audience would want to sacrifice two precious hours watching their own soul-sapping routines played out on the big screen .
This I-Don ` t-Know-How-I-Do-It schtick may appeal to the martyred-motherhood brigade , but it wo n't do anything for people who turn up to a comedy expecting laughs .
This enjoyable but simplistic comedy feels more like a mother 's tired rant than an ode to motherhood
Disappointing , faintly patronising comedy-drama that 's light on both laughs and drama .
There 's nothing much here on the wonders of parental obligation to reinforce the mood , only ineffective flecks of comedy and abrasively broad performances to help sell an unwelcome foray into me-me-me individuality .
Were it not for the presence of the ` big name ' stars , this would have straight-to-Hallmark-Channel written all over it .
Whiny and self-involved , Thurman 's mother of two sees judgment around every corner and believes the universe has conspired against her because the bakery misspelled her daughter 's name on a birthday cake .
In a few brief moments , Thurman 's Eliza springs to life ... but it 's not Thurman 's fault that those moments are few and far between .
Motherhood gives upper-middle-class whining a bad name .
... inept...ill-conceived , and amateurish ... an insult to full time Mothers and motherhood .
Portrays a time-starved mother who is willing to throw herself into parenting but also realizes the need to care for her own soul .
Unfortunately , nothing here digs too deep .
Too bad the writing did n't include -LRB- Thurman -RRB- lopping off people 's heads , sort of a sequel to her `` Kill Bill '' roles . Now 90 minutes of that could be entertaining .
The humor is soft , the dramas are small , and the movie stumbles from loose and scruffy naturalism to sitcom tidiness .
If Ms. Dieckmann really thinks that people communicate as inanely as she has written this script , then we are all doomed .
It scares straight any wishful daydreams about parenting , living in Manhattan and even looking like Uma Thurman .
Parenting dramedy entertains but unlikely to appeal to kids .
Uma , overload . Overload , Uma .
If Carrie Bradshaw ever trades her Manolos for sneakers and starts blogging about raising children , I pray she would n't be as tiresome as the heroine of Katherine Dieckmann 's insufferable comedy Motherhood .
-LSB- Motherhood -RSB- not only overdoes its premise , but it 's hampered by several flaws . When it tries to be serious , it 's too earnest , and when it tries to strike a chord , it 's banal .
Misguided , cluttered , annoying mess of a dramedy , a film only moderately redeemed by the still-luminous Thurman , but even she is dragged down by a truly awful screenplay . Mothers still get no respect .
The lesson , I guess , is that it really sucks being a mom , but it 's also incredibly unrewarding .
-LSB- A -RSB- sharp comedy .
A pleasing , lighthearted look at the mommy wars .
Many films have been made about the perils of parenthood , but none with a more attractive and entertaining mom on the verge of a nervous breakdown than Uma Thurman in Motherhood .
You can see the movie wants to comment on all the frustrations of urban motherhood , but it does so only shallowly . How did having children kill Eliza 's `` fiercely lyrical '' fiction career ? The movie is n't that political or reflective .
gets stuck in the starting gate , unsure of what kind of film it wants to be .
So focuses on Eliza 's need to look out for number one that -LSB- the film -RSB- obscures the reasons people become parents , winding up with a movie light on love and heavy on narcissism .
The film treats the responsibilities of parenthood like another film would treat cancer , as a dream-killing condition to be endured until it passes or kills you . As a contraceptive device , that works brilliantly .
Motherhood never comes to term .
Revealing the contradictions of this postfeminist age , Motherhood is good enough to recall Up the Sandbox , the elegant and eccentric 1972 response to feminism , race , class and media ...
-LSB- Thurman is -RSB- quite funny , but her performance is at once winning and overstated .
Motherhood is a deceptive film that seems to be one thing when it starts % u2013 and then turns a corner and becomes something else , something deeper and more perceptive .
Dieckmann nails the look of a certain niche of urban neo-middle-class living , but the film 's hyper-earnest tone and reliance on `` day-from-hell '' New York clichés overwhelm those details .
Director Katherine Dieckmann , who demonstrated some natural comic rhythms and efficiency with actors in Diggers , is here unable to surmount the sitcom dreariness of her first original screenplay , apparently a `` write-what-you-know '' misjudgment .
What Eliza writes , like Motherhood itself , feels like a stale collection of harried-parent material that the bland comedy duo The Mommies milked dry more than a decade ago .
Though pregnant with possibility , Motherhood fails to deliver .





@highlight

Despite Uma Thurman 's comic skills , Motherhood 's contrived set-ups and cliched jokes keep this comedy from delivering laughs -- or insights into modern parenting .