-LSB- Submarine -RSB- is a wry coming-of-age comedy .
Possibly , the greatest accomplishment of the film is the revelation of an incredible talent in the young Craig Roberts .
This hilarious , unique coming of age story already feels like a classic .
Although the movie is , by design , largely non-specific about its period -LRB- late 1980s would be a good guess -RRB- , Jordana 's casual profanity impresses . In American comedies , swears are studded like peppercorns or chocolate chips .
SUBMARINE is a story about growing up all while not wanting to get older . It 's what HAROLD & MAUDE would have been if they had met in high school .
Submarine is a remarkably assured debut filled with dry humor , inventive visual wit and great performances .
The movie 's conception of the tender agonies and embarrassments of would-be teenage lovers is hobbled by punchline cuts and predictable musical montages -LRB- carefree dashes , setting off bottle rockets , etc. -RRB- .
That rare teen comedy where the kids are n't gorgeous , the hero is n't heroic and the object of desire has a lot of reasons why she is n't necessarily desirable .
It 's funny , sad , touching and charming ; a film that 's in turns joyously ridiculous yet on occasion hits devastatingly close to home .
Though the subject matter is nothing new , every aspect of the film thrums with quality .
I look forward to more from director Richard Ayoade .
It 's an intriguing low-key film that makes you think Holden Caulfield .
A smug film made worse by its misuse of some genuinely arresting visuals .
A cool , well-directed , if somewhat sterile and self-consciously quirky affair about teen awkwardness , virginity , infidelity and dead-end marriages .
Submarine successfully combines the quirky and the sweet , in this representation of adolescence in all of its messy , overdramatic , and bumbling glory .
Writer/director Richard Ayoade , who has directed some music videos , displays a hand behind the camera that is not only sure but also capable of unique feeling and wit .
All of this makes it sound as if Ayoade is trying much too hard but the gentleness of his touch succeeds in keeping pretentiousness safely out of the picture .
See it and let Oliver Tate remind you of the teenager you once were , or knew .
It just hits an eccentric , wry gorgeous note .
A uniquely strange , yet totally accessible comic sensibility , fused by a brilliant script to a brace of pitch-perfect performances seals the deal .
An idiosyncratic tone , one that is both funny and affecting , is far easier to sparingly strike than it is too maintain for the length of a feature . To his not inconsiderable credit , Richard Ayoade keeps a steady , if stylised , hand all the way through .
A quirky and stylistically idiosyncratic tale of an angst ridden teenager trying to win the heart of a girl and save his parents ' marriage . With everyone in deadpan mode its funny but emotionally uninspiring .
There have been any number of movies about the problems faced by teenagers when they fall in and out of love , but the team behind Submarine seem to have got it all just right .
It 's too concerned with style to leave a lasting impression , yet it 's also warming and witty enough to pass by without doing any harm .
Mining similar narrative and stylistic territory to Wes Anderson , this weird and wonderful comedy drama still feels brilliantly unique .
Ayoade does n't ape -LSB- Wes -RSB- Anderson , but he achieves similar magic , delivering a sad , funny little film that takes no shame in its visual influences .
The story finds its emotional arc at the very end , but getting there is sometimes a tedious affair
Adapted from Joe Dunthorne 's novel , the strength of the film is its unique slant and quirky tone
Maybe if you have n't seen so many films like this already then you 'll get something out of it .
Richard Aoyade makes an impressive directorial debut with this quirky coming-of-age story .
This is a rare thing : a British comedy debut that 's surprising , witty , hugely accomplished and fully capable of finding an audience worldwide .
Oliver will remind you more than a little of Max Fischer in `` Rushmore , '' not to mention Holden Caulfield and every bright , alienated teenage boy in pop culture .
Not only a confident directorial debut , but also a clear-headed capsule of teenage hopes and anxieties .
Easily the most inventive filmmaking I 've seen all year .
Often so affected , a mouthguard should be issued with every ticket to prevent oral damage from all the reflexive teeth grinding triggered when writer/director Richard Ayoade blasts the screen with unrelenting quirk .
That rare teen comedy where the kids are n't gorgeous , the hero is n't heroic and the object of desire has a lot of reasons why she is n't necessarily desirable .
From director Ayoade and his young Submarine , there may be big things to come .
Submarine is a closed world like the best stories , a complete movie in every sense .
As familiar as `` Submarine '' looked , it 's hard to overlook Ayoade 's natural skill as a storyteller with an affinity for character and humor . If he grows into his own visual style , he 's definitely a filmmaker to keep an eye on .
Somewhere in the space between Gregory 's Girl and Rushmore lies Submarine , a charming coming of age romantic comedy .
The result is a small , delicate comedy that depends on a continuity of tone that it pulls off . Oliver may not live happily ever after ; but he manages to live happily enough here , and that 's just fine .
An exercise in briny Welsh Weltzschmerz that tracks the inner and outer worlds of a confused teenage boy .
Oliver 's oddball earnestness and desperation -LSB- come -RSB- across as wan affectations .
Ayoade has taken the old chestnut about each of us being the stars of the film of our life and played it out to its logical artistic extremes .
This is one you 'll want to see now , before everyone else catches up with it on video and realizes how great it is , and once you see it , my guess is you 'll feel just as strongly about Ayoade as I do .
A bit contrived , maybe , but with Oliver 's dryly hilarious voiceover , Ayoade 's eye for whimsically profound visuals , and music by Alex Turner of Arctic Monkeys , it makes more sense than it should .
Submarine pulls off the difficult trick of being bittersweet without being saccharine and does so with a quietly riotous aplomb .
The overall flick is okay , and I was n't ever bored . I just would the quirkiness would have amounted to something more than just affect . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
In its own right , `` Submarine '' is one of the best movies of the year .
Refreshingly , it appears that Oliver and Jordana are one of the few couples in a high school movie who have sex too soon in their relationship , but do n't totally regret it later , as if it all has to fit in some sort of relationship utopia .
This is Ayoade 's feature debut , and it 's fairly stunning .
`` Submarine '' is a deft/daft comedy about coming of age in a media age , when all coming-of-age problems have been cataloged in books , movies , TV .
`` Submarine '' has its own specific miseries and darkly funny vibe . It makes quirkiness briefly seem like a good thing again .
For an unreliable narrator , Oliver 's story is reliably entertaining .
The main problem with Submarine is that Oliver is not a likable protagonist .
The dry black humor that pervades the triumphs and tragedies of young Oliver 's life has the unexpected effervescence of hyperbole
A fresh , quirky , teen-angst drama that plays out somewhat like a Welsh Rushmore .
While it 's nowhere near as good as obvious influences like Rushmore or Harold & Maude , it also mixes in enough of Ayoade 's own voice , and an overriding love of cinema , to compensate for some of its more insistent affectations .
It 's all quite cute . Up to a point .
Ayoade owes a debt to Wes Anderson , but the parents here are so beautifully written , and Hawkins and Taylor particularize them so well , that the movie manages to hold its own .
Ayoade juggles laughs and poignancy very well , and individual scenes work brilliantly , but the momentum flags midway through , when the film expands its scope to pack in a few more supporting characters .
If you take an instant dislike to this kid -- whose `` charm '' is so forced and unrelenting it 's nearly impossible not to -- the film itself does n't have much hope .
Whatever flaws the film may have , it 's certainly unlike anything else in theaters right now .
By the time it rolls into its sluggish , momentum-free third act , Submarine has established itself as a disappointingly uneven piece of work ...
These things could have easily resulted in a mass outbreak of broad comedy , but the actors play their roles completely straight . In Submarine , you truly ache through the awkward moments -- even as you 're laughing out loud .
There are no really profound insights in `` Submarine '' except this : That you 'll never really know another person unless you 're willing to take the plunge .
The distinctive look and performances suggest Ayoade will have an interesting career .
Submarine presents Oliver without apology for his behavior but with plenty of sympathy for him as a young man with a lot of personal problems on his plate .
Like its lead character of Oliver Tate , the film is preoccupied by its own self-consciousness . It means well , but it does n't care enough .
Ayoade is better at establishing a road map of what `` Submarine '' is supposed to be rather than pulling all its elements together cohesively .
I suggest you take a chance on `` Submarine '' and find out if its particular comic angst rings any bells , be you male or be you female , Welsh or American , 16 or 61 .
It 's a self-confident work for the first-time director , Richard Ayoade , whose purpose I think is to capture that delicate moment in some adolescent lives when idealism and trust lead to tentative experiments .
After an OK start , `` Submarine '' sinks beneath sloggy pacing and a general lack of originality .
It 's a familiar story , yes - but we all have to chart our own way through it .
The setting is Wales during the mid-1980s , but the emotions and characters would be at home in any country in any year .
Any addition to the very tall pile of coming-of-age stories is worthy when it boasts darkly witty writing so zeroed in on a 15-year-old 's irrational view of the world .
Neither story nor characters evoke any sympathy , a bad thing for a coming-of-age movie .
We 've all seen coming-of-age stories-plenty of them-so when a new one comes along that seems fresh and novel , that 's reason to cheer . The new British import Submarine is just such a film , based on a prize-winning novel ...
Film fetishism .
Ayoade has an evident gift for the kind of slightly offbeat comedy that 's about the differences between a character 's self-perception and the way the world sees him .
It 's an all-too-familiar coming of age tale , but the film gives us plenty of reasons to give a damn .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- is made with energy , verve , vision and ingenuity , and while the places it goes and the lessons that are learned are n't exactly a surprise discovering them is still plenty enjoyable .
Refreshingly funny , poignant and wonderfully perceptive with razor-sharp wit . It 's the kind of rare coming-of-age film that 's well-acted and abundant in both style and substance .
Succeeds by perfectly recapturing the way teenagers behave , the forced pretense of their actions , their deadly seriousness in dramatizing what amounts to minor emotional damage .
Ayoade is at his most inventive , and least derivative , in a goofy mode , but Submarine , for the most part , is not in his best range .
Submarine is n't a perfect film , but it 's a terrific first one . Leaving the theater , you feel you 've been taken in hand by a director of tremendous promise , and you ca n't wait to see what he does next .
A delicate and potent new British comedy .
Given the worn-out nature of the `` coming-of-age '' genre , the director 's little tricks do help bring some life back into an otherwise familiar story .
We 've all seen coming-of-age stories-plenty of them-so when a new one comes along that seems fresh and novel , that 's reason to cheer . The new British import Submarine is just such a film , based on a prize-winning ...
... plays an awful lot like `` Rushmore '' with a dash of `` son of Rambow '' thrown in ... Newcomer Craig Roberts appears to have modeled his performance on `` Harold and Maude 's '' deer-in-the-headlights Harold .
A quintessential coming of age drama worth revisiting to catch the subtext .
What is a surprise here is the intensity of the young actors - Roberts has a particularly perfect scowl - and the freshness of the Welsh seaside scenery .
It 's less spontaneously funny than you might want it to be and much , much darker complected than if it had been shot in the San Fernando Valley , but it 's also exactly right for this crummy moment in time .
It rewards the highly-focused viewer with subtle jokes and details that only get better with age .
A charming indie that combines dreamy aspiration with mucky , hilarious reality .
The excruciating and the hilarious mingle nearly to perfection in this marvelously visualized and deeply felt British film ...
Writer-director Richard Ayoade has the knack .
Richard Ayoade , the British comic making a remarkable feature debut with his adaptation of Joe Dunthorne 's 2008 novel , blends mirth and malice with deadpan brilliance .
Significance can be overrated , and `` Submarine '' makes the most of its whimsical triviality .
`` Submarine '' is one of a kind .
The movie smartly evokes the yearnings and insecurities of a young man gradually growing into his own skin .
An affected tale centered on one of those ultra-precocious adolescents one rarely if ever encounters outside of memoirs and sitcoms .
Submarine is the film Youth In Revolt should have been , an achingly sad yet ribald account of a hyper-verbal oddball 's ascent/descent into manhood .
Richard Ayoade 's arch , superstylized adaptation of a contemporary coming-of-age novel by Joe Dunthorne .
makes an old story feel vibrantly new for a little while .
With Submarine , it 's what lies beneath that counts , and it 's a grand voyage tagging along with Oliver as he finds them out .
Gifted newcomer Richard Ayoade delivers a delightfully edgy romp about first love , styled as a home movie and diary , and starring Craig Roberts in a career-making turn .
It 's so relentless in its piling on of snappy effects ... that it kind of plays like The Graduate going through steroid psychosis .
Submarine may not be epic cinema , but in a modest way , it 's close to perfection .
Jumpy and desperate to eschew restless boredom , the whole thing looks like a series of rock videos .
Though Submarine is n't a dull head-movie , amid the bells and whistles , Roberts seems less its star than its cameraman .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- There 's real tenderness here . `` Submarine '' has it all .
The film is so self-conscious it seems to be dictating your every reaction .
It 's a whimsical love letter to adolescent inadequacy and the overcoming thereof , one that might be backed up by the anonymous quote , `` Raising teenagers is like nailing Jell-o to a tree . ''
Richard Ayoade 's Submarine is an auspicious , controlled and altogether droll debut film that resembles Wes Anderson 's Rushmore without being derived from it .
A playful and witty take on the traditional coming-of-age dramas .
The self-absorbed teen 's voiceovers are annoying and the movie 's quirkiness is overdone .
Beautifully and carefully crafted , though the chapter titles are a little too much , elsewhere Submarine is ` indie ' and alternative on all the right beats
With its off-kilter stance , split-screen antics and musical interludes , Submarine feels very indebted to the Wes Anderson template of filmmaking , though Ayoade does temper his wackiness with the real particulars of teenage life .
It 's a stylish , touching , overly cute film , much influenced by the French New Wave , though capable of nodding towards Nicolas Roeg 's Do n't Look Now .
The kind of rule book-ripping debut that 's all too rare in British film-making circles .
A classic coming of age story , Submarine nonetheless manages to avoid most of the pitfalls of the genre .
New-Wave-y cinematic tricks such as sudden camera zooms and freeze frames , iris shots and snatches of Super 8 suit the film 's introspective , painfully self-conscious protagonist to a T .
In the end , Submarine is another small-scale British film , hoping its charm will suffice - but then it steadily spoofs its own story , so we ca n't engage . Perhaps we 're just not worth taking seriously ?
Not since The Catcher In The Rye has there been such an acutely observed tragi-comedy about the horrors of being a teenager .
First-time writer-director Richard Ayoade is a talent to watch , and his film is always amiable .
I 'm all for a young British film-maker trying to subvert the stock traditions of boy-meets-girl , and Ayoade is clearly unafraid of experiment . But I would have traded all of its new wave dottiness and knowing whimsicality for a few spontaneous laughs .
Retains a strong literary flavour but is also told with much cinematic verve and an engaging eagerness to please .
The writer/director has expertly captured the awkward , alienating experience of teenage life for those who do n't quite fit in .
A shy , bright , wonderfully appealing film .
Arguably , it 's a bit too cool for school sometimes , and it is self-conscious . But these are byproducts of its undoubted confidence at carrying off a visually distinctive , witty , autobiographical comedy .
This sweet-natured feature debut from Richard Ayoade has been compared to American coming-of-age movies such as Rushmore and The Squid and the Whale , but its influences also feel closer to home .
For an hour Ayoade , a comedian in his alternative career , mixes zany visual inventiveness and deadpan-perfect tonal holding patterns .
It 's impossible to watch this and not have long-forgotten echoes of your own teenage years come flooding back .
Impressively directed and brilliantly acted , this is a hugely enjoyable , superbly written coming-of-age comedy-drama that plays like a British version of Rushmore .
Sees sparks of imagination flying from most scenes .
It 's not often you come across a debut as accomplished as this but Ayoade has crafted a coming-of-age gem .
Ayoade lets the film move at a gentle pace , while its idiosyncratic charms often brings to mind Rushmore , Harold And Maude , or perhaps the youthful exploits of Adrian Mole .
A perfect blend of cool , quirky comedy and warm-hearted drama , crafted with such poise that it should see the transcendence of Ayoade from TV nerd-comic to true big-screen talent .
Das Beaut .
Smart and sly , funny and fourth-wall-breaking ... but above all , an excruciatingly accurate coming-of-ager .
Wales-set coming-of-age film is stylish , very funny debut for writer/director Richard Ayoade .
Quirky can kill your movie . For every Ghost World there 's a Garden State . Submarine does it right .
There 's a blast of originality to this coming-of-age film , telling a familiar story in a fiercely engaging way .
Submarine is an almost perfect coming-of-age story , with a bang on cast and an assured sense of self that never detracts from its narrative .
Submarine feels like the most refreshing , urgent and original debut the British film industry has seen in years .
A totally delightful original .
A superb British comedy , and the sleeper hit of the Toronto International Film Festival .


@highlight

Funny , stylish , and ringing with adolescent truth , Submarine marks Richard Ayoade as a talent to watch .