Odd , but oddly entertaining .
I 've never read a Koontz novel , but I do n't think his target audience is pre-teens . Sadly , I 'm not sure anyone much older would find the -LSB- film -RSB- to be more than novelty .
... easily stands as Sommers ' most accomplished work to date .
Nightmarish imagery , violence abounds in dark-humored tale .
Even if `` Off Thomas '' would have likely had a more fruitful life on the small screen , it is still an enjoyably fast-paced way to spend 96 minutes -- with a few additional surprises up its sleeve .
The film fails to establish a consistent tone and never becomes truly funny or scary as a result .
The best combination of scares , comedy , romance , eye-popping special effects and good ol' sass since 1990 's `` Ghost . '' At any rate , its a lot better than 1996 's `` The Frighteners . ''
It feels smaller and more rushed - and less plausible - than it should , but Anton Yelchin is charming , and the snappy comic tone sometimes works .
After Van Helsing , the first G.I. Joe and the Mummy movies , filmmaker Stephen Sommers just about keeps his excessive action instincts in check for this offbeat supernatural comedy .
The film never really veers enough away from Buffy The Vampire Slayer territory to mark it as a serious groundbreaking genre contender .
captures the feel and essence of Dean Koontz 's writing
-LSB- Stephen -RSB- Sommers might be the worst director working who 's not Uwe Boll , who at least has accidental charm .
Odd Thomas is a much better film than it 's non-release would suggest . Hopefully one day it 'll find it 's audience and people will appreciate it for something other than just being better than Phantoms .
Odd Thomas should have been a scary horror movie with comic overtones , or a flat-out comedy with horror overtones . Instead , Sommers opts for a live-action version of a dumbed-down Scooby Doo adventure .
Yep , he 's an odd one all right . You 're likely to get tired of hearing about it pretty quick , though .
He sees dead people . She works in an ice cream shop . Limited release without MPAA rating ? What gives ?
Odd Thomas is an engagingly lightweight and occasionally visually inventive film that should appeal to Koontz fans and anyone else open to his whimsical approach to horror .
An endearing , witty romantic dramedy-slash-supernatural-thriller about a small desert town in California beset by demonic apparitions and a satanic cabal of deranged would-be mass murderers .
They 've given this once-promising character a fate similar to death-a pretty bad movie .
Odd Thomas is a sloppy mixture of what could otherwise be a fun thriller . It 's like a really lazy rip off of Peter Jackson 's The Frighteners if it was made 18 years too late .
At once comic , tragic and goofily romantic , and resting too often on Odd 's clarifying narration , this young-adult lark breaches the nonsense barrier with some regularity .
tries so hard to hit every note that it winds up an out-of-tune jumble .
Is n't terrible , but it tries much too hard to be hip and sassy while telling a story that , to be honest , is far less fresh than it wants to be .
Odd Thomas is not for every taste , and for many viewers it will rank somewhere on a scale that starts with twee and ratchets up to insufferable . Yet its resolute sweetness in the face of fairly credible horror has the potential to beguile ...
Right from the outset , Sommers demonstrates zero trust that viewers will enjoy Odd as a character .
Odd Thomas has high-speed chases , explosions , narrow escapes and masses of special effects-none special enough , I 'm afraid , to save it from mediocrity .
This expensive-looking indie , adapted from a supernatural book series by sci-fi author Dean Koontz , tries too hard for a wacky tone , and winds up merely brain-dead .
In adapting Dean Koontz 's series , Sommers nails the hero but bungles the world-building . Odd predicts mythological violence , but the climactic wreckage we see on screen is too real for what should play out as weightless entertainment .
The shallow , casual explanation of motive is patently offensive and a sharp dip for a film that generally hovers around obnoxious disposability .
What worked so well for Anton Yelchin as the protagonist of `` Fright Night '' - scrappy , clever young guy fights supernatural evil - falls flat in this adaptation of a Dean Koontz novel from director Stephen Sommers .
Unnecessary overkill , either explaining things or destroying things as it inspects the titular character 's powers .
A protective layer of irony ensures that the movie 's commingling of the mundane and the bizarre never registers as camp .
ODD THOMAS has the feeling of a series pilot , which is exactly what the book was for Koontz .
Think Gilmore Girls , if there were an episode where Satan possessed Rory . Still , there are signs of life among all the dead .
Cast and crew generate an enjoyable sense of community in Odd 's hometown . Odd Thomas just does n't leave us with much desire to return there .
Odd Thomas is a visual head-scratcher about a paranormal investigator who loves interrupting Willem Dafoe during , um , `` date night '' - or at least that 's what I took away from this lame Scooby Doo episode .
For whatever the flaws - and believe me , there are a few - Odd Thomas is just such a goofball charmer that I happily succumbed to its pleasures .
Sommers , who adapted the screenplay himself , clearly has a passion for the material and Koontz 's bizarre short order cook .
Slick , breezy , amusing , a little sloppy , and rather fun . Saturday matinee stuff .
The books ' juggling of tricky tonal and narrative devices translates into a screen result less clever than arbitrary and silly .
this is anchored by Yelchin 's central performance as a character so self-effacingly funny , so romantic , so decent and honourable , and yes , so charming , that all the supernatural goings-on fast become normalised , and never alienate .
The only truly odd thing about it is that each creative decision passed without comment .
When a movie directed by Stephen Sommers does n't even get a theatrical release , you know something 's up .

@highlight

Anton Yelchin is the right man for the title role , but Odd Thomas suffers from a jumbled tone .