If one can swallow the premise ... the film is a lot of fun .
Like Taken , it 's the kind of flick that will play forever on cable .
As the film progresses , it becomes incomprehensible . The twists are too preposterous and the plot holes are too plentiful , making Unknown an absolute mess .
The thriller is fun and action-packed but a few major plot holes and a few lazy twists definitely weigh it down .
What started as a mildly intriguing innocent-man-wrongly-accused pseudo-thriller just turns into series of lame implausibilites in pursuit of an ending .
A paranoid thriller has to be more paranoid than this , with far more urgency to it , to work .
An exciting film that moviegoers will enjoy - even if they leave with a somewhat ambiguous understanding of the story that was unfolding outside of Neeson 's character .
With its intriguing story and thrilling action sequences , `` Unknown '' is worth checking out for those who are into action films as well as those who like a good mystery that needs solving .
With an actor of Neeson 's caliber you also get something extra -- a convincing sell of the emotional and dramatic beats .
Unknown is n't offensive at all , but it is n't startlingly good either : it is a near-perfect popcorn thriller that convinces of its story despite some fairly ludicrous plot shifts and an ultimately very self-serving resolution .
The stop-start pacing , stock villains and predictable plot leave it trailing in Jason Bourne 's wake .
In a bloodless scene between two old men , there 's more pathos and tension ... than in any of the hyper-kinetic fight scenes or car chases that pad out the rest of the running time .
In the French-made , English-language sleeper Taken , Liam Neeson was a former CIA operative who was -LRB- outlandishly -RRB- able to thwart a sex-trafficking ring . Audiences responded vociferously to his take-charge character . His latest film , Unknown ...
I did n't believe a second of it , but I certainly had fun watching it .
May eventually surrender to convention and implausibility in equal measure , but until then , Collet-Serra grounds the conspiracy with a proper sense of mystery and mood .
... with Liam Neeson in the lead , he makes everything we see on screen , no matter how far-fetched , seem plausible .
I found the time spent not so proportionate to the powerful delivery , in the end ...
The movie is a well-performed , well-directed thriller that kept me interested the entire time .
Not as well executed as Taken or with the depth of 1988 's Frantic but Neeson can cover up a lot of plot problems . A good rental .
Each situation is pulled off with a by-the-numbers precision . Sorely lacking is the dark humor Hitchcock invested in similar no-one-believes-me scenarios .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The freak-out scenario is thoroughly engaging , but even Collet-Serra 's ceaseless velocity ca n't gloss over gaping holes
Liam Neeson is an indestructible Frankensteiny feral animal with a head injury .
Why the screenwriters allowed this movie to take a nonsensical turn is ` Unknown . '
... satisfying , if not entirely plausible .
It 's certainly no Taken but it does manages some fairly diverting set pieces and stops just short of wearing its central premise thin .
Hitchcockian features work themselves out rather nicely , while the story plays deftly with the notion of the ` hero . ' Action scenes blur together and spin out after a while , but the German supporting cast fills the movie with touches of everyday humanity .
The film , directed by Spanish genre hack Jaume Collet-Serra , seems to have confused itself with a sedate character piece when the premise demands relentless brain-off fun .
The picture lacks the thrills and dramatic charge of kidnap-thriller Taken , with Neeson here befuddled rather than angry , but his gravitas and conviction elevate the material .
Enjoy it and then forget it ...
Liam Neeson deserves a huge pat on the back for reinventing himself as the most violent middle-aged man in Hollywood . I 'm just not gon na be the man to do it . As I 'd probably pull back a stump .
A nifty final twist , but it is so joyless and heavy-handed I found it impossible to like .
This is fun for an hour before plumbing hitherto unknown depths of silliness .
So extensive is Unknown 's pilfering of ideas from existing films that it has left itself exposed as a meagre mishmash that fails to excel in any particular department .
As action thrillers go Unknown is not a bad one , and it has real ambitions to character and theme ... on the other hand it 's not quite a good one either as the filmmakers can never quite decide what time of film they want to make .
Collet-Serra generates plenty of suspense and keeps the action flowing . There is even , of all things , an imaginative car chase .
If this all sounds rather like déjà vu , then consider yourself one step ahead of the game .
Scene by scene , the movie is clunky and laughable , but it 's certainly never dull .
If Liam Neeson is now typecast as an aging action hero , he would be better off finding better scripts .
Unravelling the jigsaw clues is a lot of fun , while the changes rung during the familiar ticking-bomb countdown finale marks Collet-Serra as a genuinely gifted genre specialist .
What 's so great about the casting of Aidan Quinn is that he 's like Neeson 's shorter , less charming , less attractive , bitter stand-in . It 's like a coup for all those neglected stand-ins who we only see from behind in wigs and oversized clothing .
There are holes in the plot , but the film skips over them .
The movie rather crumbles when it eventually has to deliver its secrets .
Taken was much more amusing than Unknown , which takes itself rather too seriously .
It 's great fun - not as vicious as Taken - and Neeson shows just why he 's the right man for the job ; a rather nifty niche which he 's now made his own .
An unmemorable Euro-thriller that frustrates more than it thrills , squandering an attractive cast and inventive premise .
Hugely enjoyable stolen identity thriller with pacy direction , decent action sequences , a gleefully bonkers script and a superb central performance from Liam Neeson .
As incredible as it may sound regarding an amnesia thriller , Unknown 's plot is n't silly enough to merit where it ends up taking the main character .
For about an hour or so , `` Unknown '' is intriguing .
It 's a juicy idea but it ends up playing out like an extended tv movie
Neeson muscles Unknown to Success
While nothing about Unknown is exceptional , most of it is n't bad - it just pretends to a moral and intellectual sophistication it simply does n't have .
Liam Neeson está começando a se afastar do território de `` astro do Cinema '' e a se aproximar do perigoso limbo dos `` atores de produções lançadas diretamente em DVD '' .
This is no more -LRB- but no less ? -RRB- than what we have rather oddly come to expect from Neeson in his late period -LRB- Taken , The A-Team -RRB- -- not quite a riddle wrapped in an enigma , just a paycheck gig cloaked in an actioner , moonlighting as a travelogue .
The film does n't make you feel or care . It does n't grab you . In other words , it has all the elements of a good thriller except for , well , thrills .
What started out so promisingly loses its way as it becomes yet another mind-boggling entertainment . It could have been so much more .
... a non-stop , high tension thriller that does n't let up until the end .
Liam Neeson ably continues his late-blooming action career .
The wintry recesses of Berlin add resonance , and Neeson in his incarnation as an action hero at last has a role worthy of his talent .
A very well-crafted action thriller .
even when the film does n't quite work in the small details , we have Neeson as our point of identification , his inherent gravitas giving weight to that which otherwise might be quickly forgettable
An okay thriller until you get to the ending and that ruins it all .
Old-time character actors Ganz and Frank Langella provide a few brief moments of pleasure here and there , but otherwise , this is a dud .
The premise of the film seems impossible at first , but it is all explained , without the need for a vast conspiracy , or `` it was all a dream , a hallucination , alternate reality '' or some other nonsense like that .
The movie builds up to a climax that makes one question whether it was ever worth the effort .
It 's your typical thriller , with some nice surprises before it turns into an ordinary action flick .
Secretive and suspensful , this action/thriller scores as a late-winter diversion .
The action beats , when they hit , are fine but in the end this is only a serviceable thriller that 's easily forgettable .
Liam Neeson 's late career conversion into a bad ass action hero continues . On it 's face the premise sounded dumb , but the movie is much more nuanced than the trailer would lead you to believe .
It 's good . It 's not fantastic .
A lot of stupid fun masquerading as not stupid fun anchored by -LSB- Neeson 's -RSB- inimitable presence .
I hesitate to be this brutal , but there is really no way around it . January Jones was just terrible . She barely moves her face , she seemingly has no emotion , even during a life or death moment , and her scenes with Neeson were just ... creepy .
What starts off as a captivating Berlin spin on `` Der Fugitive '' turns , boringly , into `` Die Bourne Ultimatum '' - down to destructive car chases with taxis and a Touareg . The polar opposite of `` Taken , '' it clutters its rehashed concept with too much plot .
Neeson is hamstrung with a thin script full of huge plot holes that stretch credibility . His character is a mix of an older Jason Bourne and the male equivalent of Angelina Jolie 's Evelyn Salt . Jones and Kruger are simply window dressing .
Amnesia antics and mistaken-identity capers , an innocent man on the run , a couple of car chases , a frosty blonde , chilly European settings , implacable assassins , cryptic codes , red herrings and even a ticking time bomb .
It 's all so damn exhausting - countless chase scenes sucked dry of suspense by repetition and the fact that clues are deposited less frequently Scott Baio 's Charles in Charge residuals .
I do n't mind that Unknown , which builds on Liam Neeson 's newly minted status as a tortured action hero , is utterly ridiculous . Why ? Because within the constraints of its absurdity , it always manages to play fair with the audience .
Sure , it 's a clichéd plot yet still intriguing and intense because of the fast pace and keen cinematography .
` Unknown ' is a nail-biter , an edge-of-seater , and a fast couple of hours . It is just as well that its action moves faster than logic .
After all the storyline conveniences kick in , this amnesia story becomes forgettable , implausible , regrettable and indigestible .
Unknown is formula entertainment and as such delivers pretty much what you 'd expect . For some that will be enough . For others it will elicit yawns and maybe a case of amnesia once you 've left the theater .
Once all is revealed , one can picture the screenwriters enjoying a double feature of The Bourne Identity and Total Recall over a large plate of corn . Actual corn , not necessarily of the hackneyed metaphor variety , though that does apply too .
The holes are irksome , without detracting much from the fun of trying to work out who is what and why , and then having to start all over again from scratch
While elements of this one are downright awesome , the final product is sadly forgettable , and for all its strengths it 's doubtful this is one I 'll be talking about one way or the other come the end of the year .
pulpy and absurd , but utterly watchable
Neeson 's comforting intelligence -LRB- and a marvelous turn by Bruno Ganz as an ailing former member of the East German secret police -RRB- , are not enough to prevent the film from choking on obviousness and directorial fumbling .
Instead of being disquieting or particularly exciting , it 's loud , over-directed and merely serviceable .
What makes Unknown work is n't that the filmmakers think they 're smarter than the audience . Rather , it 's told at such a pace that you do n't care to figure it all out .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra should have entitled this `` Taken II ''
How refreshing it would be to have a 30 second fistfight or a once-around-the-block car sequence , then get on with the next scene . But like so many others , 35-year-old Spanish director Jaume Collet-Serra falls in love with the action behind the lens
There is a car chase sequence in Unknown that is so awesome , even Steve McQueen would be impressed . Liam Neeson needs to play these types of roles from now on !
What I most enjoyed was Collet-Serra 's eye for detail and small gestures : the way he shoots a hand stretching towards something just out of reach in a key dramatic moment , or the way he shoots reflections in windows and doors .
Unknown is , reduced to essentials , a flat-out garden variety spy movie where no thoughtful subtext or conscious may intrude .
A highly disposable , yet sneakily enjoyable pulp thriller .
Despite its Herculean plot contortions , this latest entry in the American-caught-in-a-foreign-city formula fails to live up to its stolen-identity premise .
Unknown '' obviously knows its limitations , and it does n't bother to rise above them . It just keeps throwing the punches the audience wants and expects . It wo n't cure world hunger , but chances are it will sell a lot of popcorn .
With no aspirations above its genre , Unknown embraces the implausibility of its tale and delivers fun but rather forgettable viewing .
The cat-and-mouse game that the filmmakers are playing with us is only partially successful because this thriller is only intermittently thrilling . Instead of being captivated by the twist and turns , we 're more likely to be rankled .
The snow and haze that Spanish director Jaume Collet-Serra keeps pumping into the street scenes seem to have drifted into the script as well .
The macguffin at the heart of it is preposterous , but frankly incidental : it 's the journey that holds us rather than the destination .
It 's not `` North by Northwest , '' of course . But at least it 's heading in the right direction .
While entertaining in parts , Unknown struggles to sustain its amusement .
A mildy engaging identity loss thriller set in Berlin
Sometimes Unknown 's tongue is so firmly in cheek that the audience does n't even realize there 's a joke happening .
While it 's not a sequel , one can see this film and call it ` Taken ' with a twist and they would n't complain . They would get their money 's worth . ` Unknown ' has plenty of action , suspense and dramatic moments to keep one engaged and satisfied .
The elements are there - a -LRB- mostly -RRB- strong ensemble , an interesting concept , an intriguing location , a promising director - but the film never comes together because the script needed one more rewrite that it just never received .
Has no connection to anything resembling reality , but it 's entertaining as hell .
contains a legitimately intriguing and unpredictable mystery . But the direction is often blurry and hard to follow , especially in the action sequences .
It would be a spoiler to say which franchise `` Unknown '' is copping from ... but this attempt at crossing that with Hitchcockian overtones just ends up underwhelming
A not-bad thriller starring Liam Neeson . If that sounds like faint praise , it is , but at least this overgrown ` B ' - movie tickles the brain just a tad ...
Unknown hinges on an amnesia cliche so moth-eaten sitcoms long ago gave up on it .
With this type of film , likability is determined by how well the writers and director get you from A to Z . In the case of Unknown , the alphabet formula works .
... does n't disappoint , but does n't always thrill , either .
It 's the questions that ultimately keep Unknown afloat , regardless of how silly the answers might be .
The art of the classic Hitchcockian thriller is about style , pace and misdirection -- and though Unknown is occasionally baffling and involves running and car chases , the film rarely manages to thrill .
It 's the kind of movie that when it comes on HBO or Showtime , it 'll be a semi-satisfying diversion , that despite its implausibility , will fit the bill , But it 's definitely not worth full price at the box office .
Despite its A-movie aspirations , as the chases continue and the plot holes widen , Unknown quickly settles into the familiar B-movie comfort zone .
As long as filmgoers come to `` Unknown '' unencumbered by a need for plausibility , this handsome , well-paced production possesses its share of twisty , visceral pleasures .
... an irresistibly compelling premise ...
Who 'd have thought that Unknown would have more in common with Douglas Quaid than Jason Bourne ?
Plot holes you can drive a truck through are ultimately less important for your enjoyment than how they set up the film 's big set pieces .
A stylish and muscular thriller with some nifty twists and turns , a wicked sense of humor , several terrific performances and not one or even two but three of the best car chases in recent action-flick history .
It 's a classic you-stole-my-identity setup , and director Jaume Collet-Serra delivers it tightly enough to keep you engaged , despite many obvious signposts leading the way .
Things get a little shaky once the facts are known , but everything speeds along smoothly while it 's still `` Unknown . ''
I 'm sure you will find some holes and weaknesses , but Unknown is an entertaining film , especially for Neeson fans .
On a minute-to-minute level , it 's an engaging mystery , the kind that rewards our participation with eye candy and adrenaline shots .
Even at its best , it never comes close to reaching the peaks of `` Taken , '' the film that it clearly wants to be in every way , shape and form
... implausible and ridiculous to the point of being genuinely entertaining .
Neeson is always magnetic , though , even when he 's just repeating his Taken performance and delivering cheesy one-liners , as he is eventually required to do here .
The film is smartly edited and the thrills one would expect are nicely delivered .
As always , the riddle is far more intriguing than the answer , and the continual red herrings become an overwhelming burden .
Implausible , over-the-top , ridiculous and for the most part , fun is a much better description for this `` smart suspense '' flick .
Indistinctive and empty , forced to rely on multiple car chases , fist fights , and a literal ticking time bomb to cover up its lack of ideas .
For some reason thrillers always have detours into nightclubs with pulsing music -- what is the deal with these , some sort of physical manifestation of the internal chaos ?
Some may say it 's sad that an Oscar-caliber actor like Liam Neeson is essentially doing early Schwarzenegger ; we say it 's awesome .
When the dots are connected -LRB- sort of -RRB- , Unknown still does n't make much sense .
Neeson has a way of getting upset - a frantic purposefulness - that fills viewers with both empathy and anticipation : He 's so miserable that we care .
The movie has a Hitchcockian complement of plot twists and fake-outs . If only it also had Hitchcock .
This twist-filled tale of an amnesiac falling into a web of international intrigue moves swiftly but makes little sense -- and has ludicrous moments .
The film 's big twist , alas , is rather predictable once you eliminate all the other plausible reasons for the characters ' behavior , and the bad guys ' plan revolves around a rather hokey plot device .
But if you dig Liam Neeson as an action hero , you could do worse than this fast-paced , cheerfully ridiculous , generally satisfying romp .
Grows increasingly ludicrous as it proceeds , ending up shattering the suspension of disbelief necessary for such thrillers to avoid becoming comically implausible .
The material keeps our attention but , as we get closer to the inevitable point at which the curtain is pulled back , the movie starts to feel more like a parody than a serious endeavor .
It mixes and mismatches jagged fragments of Jason Bourne , Alfred Hitchcock , `` Total Recall '' and Mel Gibson 's underappreciated `` Conspiracy Theory , '' although underappreciation is n't a risk for a movie that amounts to `` The Stillbourne Identity . ''
Neeson , often chided for cashing easy action-flick paychecks at the expense of his serious-actor cred , knows who he is - an action star of a certain age who brings gravitas to pulpy stuff . And if that 's who he is , he could do worse than `` Unknown . ''
Neeson has a fine way with expressions of anguish . This is brow-knitting of a very high order .
With his soulful gaze and crooked nose , his seeming reluctance to throw a karate chop but his deft ability to do so , Neeson has an air of melancholy and menace - you feel sorry for the guy , and wary of him at the same time .
Unknown never establishes any identity or juice of its own , content to crib successful elements from other thrillers and present them with a shrug .
Ignore the pileup of implausibilities and ` Unknown ' becomes a diabolically entertaining con game .
A surprise-packed , action-packed , fun-packed ripper of a romp .
I saw `` Unknown '' with an entourage whose average age was about 70 . They loved it , although one of them kept calling it `` The Bond Ultimatum . '' Which sounds about right .
Turn off your ` I hope this plot twist is awesome ' part of your brain and just enjoy big , gruff , increasingly Frankenstein-monster-looking Neeson kicking the crap out of everyone who gets in his way ...
Tacked onto a perfectly respectable thriller , Unknown 's mass of unlikely turns and implausible reveals make the whole film seem retroactively less sophisticated .
taut and tidy , a one-two punch we do n't always get from today 's thrill rides
It 's no classic , but until a better thriller comes along , Unknown will do .
The film plays more like a `` whydunit '' than a whodunit .
Consistently albeit genteelly thrilling , a pleasantly implausible item that employs the holy trinity of action elements : explosions , hand-to-hand combat and car chases where tires squeal like there is no tomorrow .
The car chases and piled-on action eventually feel rote , as do Neeson 's various badass stunts .
`` Unknown '' is a plodding , unoriginal thriller , with Neeson stumbling around as the confused victim .
Do not try to engage this film on a logical level , or you might end up in a coma yourself .
The notion of combining Taken and Roman Polanski 's Frantic makes for a clean graft here .
A fairly decent action flick with the type of car chases and exploits one might expect from a Joel Silver Joint .
Ich bin bash Berliner .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` Unknown '' is a fish-out-of-water mystery thriller . It 's not an especially memorable film , which is ironic considering the analogous subject matter of its overleveraged premise .
How sick are you of rationalizing a movie 's absurd plot by muttering `` suspend your disbelief '' and giving a shrug ? Unknown is a thriller you can enjoy without feeling cheated .
More subtly than Harrison Ford , Neeson excels at the slow fuse snaking its way to explosive revenge .
An increasingly improbable and easily watchable action thriller with Liam Neeson grimacing his way through memory loss and the murky secrets of bio-tech espionage .
After learning the explanation , you 'll wish you never asked .
I felt involved in `` Unknown '' until it pulled one too many rabbits out of its hat . At some point , a thriller has to play fair .
Neeson 's always-intelligent screen presence , his nuance and gravitas , help elevate Unknown beyond its preposterous elements .
John Wayne wore cowboy drag , Mel Gibson 's mullet was his tip-off , but the most recognizable action hero signature these days is Liam Neeson 's nose .
If conspiracy movies of any sort are your thing , then consider Unknown a familiar , yet solid , entry in the canon . For those who want some innovation to go with their thrills , then move along .
This glossy thriller takes off from a tantalizing premise ... but squanders it on action scenes that detract from the nightmarish heart of the matter
There are a couple of intriguing ideas floating around here and there , but that 's all they do -- float around , unmoored by any sense of reality and , thus , suspense .
Unknown touches on the crisis , but director Jaume - Collet Serra and his screenwriters are n't serious enough or the action adept enough to fully articulate it .
Unknown has its moments , but ultimately it 's as forgettable as Martin 's identity .
The movie whips up a big old puree of ingredients borrowed from other cinematic recipes . Then it dishes out the mildly spiced results as post-Oscar-quality snack food ...
The talented Liam Neeson makes a valiant effort to carry this wannabe Hitchcockian thriller on his solid shoulders , but , alas , he 's defeated by an incongruous and improbable plot that gets worse as it unfolds after a promising start
Liam Neeson heroically tries to turn the pedestrian , obvious Unknown into something as energetic as the much better Taken , but you 'll guess the reveal halfway through .
Beyond the occasional plot frissons and juicy supporting turns , it 's an emotionally and psychologically threadbare exercise .
Liam Neeson stars in a paranoid caper showcasing the city of Berlin .
In this wild and wooly world of `` fusion '' movies , those that combine aspects of every kind of genre available , this one aims to do it all .
Kicks off with an inert concept for suspense and proceeds to hog pile on the plot with total abandon , slapping on the whoppers and clichés like a maniac .
An efficiently staged but credibility-stretching international thriller that never quite lives up to its Hitchcockian potential .
Somewhere in the San Fernando Valley , there must be a factory that churns out action-thrillers of the caliber of Unknown the same way a factory produces furniture .
Unknown makes no sense at all , so you not only worry about Liam Neeson 's judgment in movies , but you begin to wonder if he 's forgotten how to read .
We 're spun through parking garages , dance clubs and good old-fashioned car chases ; Unknown is probably the movie The Tourist wanted to be , if it had a pulse .
Neeson - perhaps suffering from an existential acting crisis following the box office success of Taken - has pared back his once considerable charm to an almost negative state .
As with its protagonist , Unknown boasts tantalizing issues buried deep beneath its frantic exterior , but little idea how to unlock or address them .
Unknown is anything but , with predictable plot points found in better movies , yet the sturdy presence of Liam Neeson saves it from action movie obscurity .
Echoes of The Bourne Identity flash across the screen in which we follow our hero to an unexpected revelation , usually involving shady characters , a significant ` treasure ' at risk and lovely women who may or not be what they seem .
A big budget thriller with pedigree , Unknown has so much going for it , yet somehow ends up a little less satisfying than its elements suggest .
Unknown does n't aspire to the artistic and moral sophistication of John Frankenheimer 's '60s political thrillers .


@highlight

Liam Neeson elevates the proceedings considerably , but Unknown is ultimately too derivative -- and implausible -- to take advantage of its intriguing premise .