If any movie musical could threaten the standing of retro favourite Grease , it 's this one .
Director-choreographer Adam Shankman has come up with one of the purest entertainments of the summer .
It pays respect to the original while also carving its own image as a truly good musical .
Much as Hairspray serves as a showcase for the effervescent charms of newcomer Blonsky , its greatest trick is to revitalise the careers of a few old Hollywood faithfuls .
In alchemy the transmuting of materials between forms distills them to their purest elements . In film , the opposite is true . The more iterations , the more muddled things get . Hairspray is good at what it does but not everything it does is good .
The script is full of anachronisms , but Hairspray 's sense of history delivers a needed spritz in the face .
Much of the fun comes from director-choreographer Adam Shankman 's happy acceptance of musical staples
Shankman 's crassly theatrical attenuation of Hairspray only draws gay culture away from a moment of American history with which it ought to have a great deal in common
It falls to individual efforts by the cast to keep the eye and ear coming back for more .
Hairspray is an energetic romp , but as a social statement -- which it pretends to be -- it 's cartoonish . And as a playful look back at a time and place , it 's simplistic shtik . It 's a mountain of whipped cream , with an occasional chocolate sprinkle .
For a star-studded big-budget musical , Hairspray does a nice job of retaining the funky sweetness of the original .
I will confess that Travolta totally turned me around . A mountain of a woman in his female fat suit , he commits 150 % to the role .
The most refreshing and enjoyable musical of this century % u2014Hairspray .
Even if the new Hairspray seems a welcome return to camp for Travolta , his mock seriousness is as frozen as ever .
The film works best for me when they are making fun of the racial climate of the 1960s .
An amazing cast sings and dances across the screen with such flair and passion its completely infectious .
Caso tivesse 20 minutos e alguns números musicais a menos , Hairspray poderia ser uma surpresa tão divertida quanto o original -LRB- que tampouco é um clássico -RRB- . Inchado como ficou , porém , é apenas um passatempo pouco memorável .
Like your high school 's production of `` Grease '' : A musical about sex with a chastity belt strapped to its waist .
One 's enjoyment of Adam Shankman 's motion picture will largely depend on one 's tolerance for conflict-less , feel good musicals .
Some magical balance between the cast members , the set design , the songs and director Adam Shankman makes it work .
Though colorful , cheery and energetic , there 's something missing from this song-and-dance routine .
Travolta as bosomy mom Edna in perky fat suit , with flab-infatuated spouse Walken never far behind , pretty much steals the show from everybody else as he impressively shakes his bountiful booty across the dance floor .
On almost every level , Hairspray surpasses expectations and is probably one of the best studio musicals to come out in years .
... how can you not like a movie in which John Travolta and Christopher Walken sing a love song to each other ? And you believe it !
Infectiously fun musical with a message .
The main point of a movie musical is the song and dance , and that 's where the relentlessly happy `` Hairspray '' packs a knockout punch .
If this film does n't have a smile on your face by the grand finale , I 'd hate to think what kind of day you 're having .
Unlike many of the hairdos on display in the film , `` Hairspray '' is anything but stiff .
One of those stage-to-film adaptations that leave very little doubt that as good as everything is in the film , it was consistently better on stage .
I actually ca n't remember the last time a movie opening made me so cheerful .
Thinking big is exactly what this extravaganza of a musical does to perfection , as it brings the Broadway musical hit to the screen with aerosol cans filled with energy , joy and star power
... -LSB- a -RSB- refreshingly jubilant spin on filmmaker Waters ' classic tongue-in-cheek tune-maker Hairspray ... spirited pizzazz and a peppy ode to retro-artistic sentimentality
The young and old cast division creates a colourful world of people and ideals . It 's an abstraction of an era made resonant , contemporary , and purely joyful .
Unlike Eddie Murphy 's exploitively unfunny attempts at fat and female , John Travolta makes his character absolutely endearing and charming by playing it relatively low-key .
Refrescante e inolvidable ejemplo de lo que debe ser un musical . Shankman revive el espíritu de los musicales de antaño , con una cinta llena de color , energía y corazón .
Hairspray is a frothy musical about the deep topics of hate due to race , weight , or background , and of course following your dream and your heart . It could n't be more positive if it had an extra proton , and it 's hilarious and beautifully done . Please , s
When Blonsky dances , it 's embarrassing .
This is born-again anti-establishmentarianism .
The cast 's flair and strength in depth are a joy to behold , allowing this movie to glide right over its flaws .
Zac Efron , the star of the popular Disney Channel production `` High School Musical , '' is a triple threat on screen . As I sat in the theatre and listened to the audience and their reactions I could n't help but think this guy could turn out to be this generat
Fellas , there are going to be a lot of little hotties at this movie . Here is an ideal place to catch them off-duty , their hair up in scrunchies . No , it wo n't turn you gay .
Near perfectly coiffed as a bit of fluffy summer escapism
As an adaptation of an adaptation , Hairspray beats the odds against turning a musical based on a film into a credible movie .
Silly , wears thin , but loads of fun
... the movie envelops its audience with good vibrations .
A funny thing happened : I was having so much fun watching this movie that when it was over , I felt a strange feeling of disappointment . I could have sat there all day .
Rat your hair , spray it high and Madison your way out to see Hairspray right now ! It 's easily the best time you 'll have at the movies all summer ! Dreamgirls only wishes it was as fabulous as Hairspray !
The Best musical of the year .
Bright , campy and wonderfully light , Hairspray reminds us that fun comes in all shapes and sizes . It 's also one of the few ` event ' movies this summer that does n't outstay its welcome . That 's worth singing about , no matter what your name is .
From the moment the first note of Good Morning Baltimore rang out I was hooked on the alluring wit of Hairspray and the infectious charm of Nikki Blonsky .
Campy and sweet-natured , Hairspray will shake away any summertime blues .
Hairspray opens on the upbeat with big-girl heroine Tracy Turnblad bopping down a Baltimore street . She 's got ta dance . From there this frantic musical comedy rarely takes a breath .
Waters cultists have ample reason to be wary , but the film retains a surprisingly subversive edge that undercuts its blinding surface gloss .
Rhythm , raucous behavior , and racism . What else could one desire from a great musical ?
Expertly conceived , fun and infectious .
More sheer good-hearted fun than anything that 's come out this summer .
A mostly buoyant , candy-colored diversion , leavened by perky performances and upbeat numbers whose lyrics and melodies you 'll be hard-pressed to recall once you 've left the theater .
The most rousing , most engaging and most successful movie musical in ages .
One of the more likeable films of the year , an unexpected surprise on every level that will likely keep toes tapping through its theatrical run and far beyond .
Despite Travolta 's best efforts , he might as well be dressed like Vincent Vega or Danny Zuko . He just ca n't sell the second ` X ' chromosome .
While a little bit long , Hairspray is ultimately one of the more engaging and fun movies of the summer ...
Even though this exists to sell Zac Efron 's face -LRB- squeal ! -RRB- , it 's still worth watching for the peppy music , over-the-top acting and feeling that you 've ingested a rather sweet after-school special .
A safe , self-congratulatory fantasy which revisits the civil rights era not for a valuable history lesson but for an escapist , syrupy sweet , sing-a-long trip down memory lane to an unrecognizable , Hollywood utopia that never existed .
This Hairspray honors its source and emerges as a relentless joy machine .
The songs will really get the blood flowing .
Once you see this delightful film , that catchy beat will pound away in your chest for days .
If this movie were in a can , it would spray out fun everywhere .
For a movie musical fan like me , ` Hairspray ' has it all -- rousing song-and-dance routines , talented performers , a feel-good story , and timeless appeal .
If nothing else , Travolta is convincing as an ugly broad . More to the point , he 's obviously having a good time
Brilliantly written , superbly acted and achingly funny , this is a terrifically entertaining musical that will have you grinning from ear to ear throughout .
Hairspray is fun in a way that most movie musicals dare to dream .
Lively and enjoyable .
The happiest movie of the year .
It 's one of this summer 's few out-and-out delights , smoothing out but never compromising the issues that made Waters ' original film such a quirky delight .
Bursts onto the screen with robust energy , youth , and vigor . Tongue-in-cheek humor , subtle visual jokes , high octane tunes and dancing . 1st half excellent , second less so .
Mostly flat , flat , flat , but Amanda Bynes is Amanda fine !
A phenomenal cast ----- there is not a loser in the bunch.It gets its point across in a most effective way .
The dance routines are like ` American Bandstand ' on steroids , but ` Hairspray ' is first-class entertainment for just about everybody in the family .
A film that nearly screams its desire to please in every frame ; in its very design , it demands your attention , has you tapping your toes before the opening montage is through , and frames its soft messages of tolerance so broadly that only Hitler could be
There 's nothing Divine about this tame Hairspray .
I would pay to see any film that allows Christopher Walken to dance and in a tux no less .
It 's a remake of a musical from the 80 's and forgive us the bad pun , but Hairspray still holds up after all these years .
Perfectly coiffed adaptation of the John Waters movie-turned-musical-turned movie bubbles over with fine performances , zippy musical numbers and John Travolta 's stellar work in a fat suit .
Hairspray is a Grease for the new millennium , just the kind of bubblegum musical that keeps your toes tappin ' , except this time John Travolta is wearing a fat suit and nylons . Shiver .
It 's amiable , it 's bouncy , it 's got a sweet unknown in the lead flanked by a cast of bankable stars and , providing as it does an amiable and bouncy and sweet escape from a summer 's worth of clunky blockbusters .
Everything about Hairspray is huge -- big figures , big ` dos , big musical numbers and big fun . It deserves to be a supersize hit .
Hairspray is an infectious aerosol comedy with nearly every hair in place .
Hairspray is one of the most enjoyable translations of a Broadway musical to the big screen ever .
The movie is a throwback to MGM musicals of the '50s . But it 's a giddy , unselfconscious throwback . That in itself is refreshing .
It 's hard to keep a smile off your face and your toes from tapping during this unpretentious and spirited adaptation of the stage musical by director/choreographer Adam Shankman .
... a nearly complete triumph that emphasizes the old school musical virtues of fine singing and choreography over MTV-style razzle-dazzle edits and showy vocal gymnastics .
At the risk of sounding as manic as Corny Collins , Baltimore 's answer to Dick Clark , this latest screen incarnation is guaranteed to flip your wig .
With its zesty dancing , strong performances , goofball details and sweet message of acceptance for all , Hairspray might just be this summer 's happiest hit .
Enjoyable movies are released every week , but movies that have the capacity to delight -- movies like Hairspray -- are few and far between .
A lively , engaging and sweet-natured movie musical .
Hairspray is the perfect movie distraction for the summer -- frothy fun , kid-friendly and relevant .
The miracle of Hairspray is that it does exactly what it sets out to do . It takes the sassy 2002 Broadway musical translation of -LSB- John -RSB- Waters ' most accessible film and brings it to the screen with energy , wit , sex , laughs , craft and unabashed fun .
Adam Shankman 's Hairspray is a great big sloppy kiss of entertainment for audiences weary of explosions , CGI effects and sequels , sequels , sequels .
Hairspray delivers an even bigger sugar rush than the hit Broadway musical , which had already expanded on the exuberance of the 1988 John Waters comedy that spawned it .
Hairspray mixes aerosol-light social commentary with its affectionate Cinderella story and adds just enough wink-wink naughtiness to keep the earnest melodrama at bay .
Hairspray is more fun than anything we 've seen at the multiplex so far this year . And unlike most of this summer 's blockbusters , it 's got something on its mind .
From the sly , satiric opening sequence to the buttons-bursting finale , this is a rollicking roly-poly high point for the modern movie musical .
Marc Shaiman 's peppy music conspires with Shankman 's energized , retro-musical choreography to make for a giant cinematic grin -- a dimpled dental testament of faith in the powers of nice over nasty , tolerance over bigotry and aerosol over the ozone .
Hairspray is a wondrously entertaining ball of spunky musical numbers , talent set free and fun , fun , fun , with just enough of a message to make it sizzle all the more . Do n't miss it .
It is the most deliriously enjoyable movie in a summer that has n't been exactly packed with old-fashioned moviegoing pleasure .
Grease was great . It was , after all , the word . And so the movie musical version of Hairspray , with its mass appeal and infectious good cheer , is the new word .
Whether its individual scenes are accompanied by teen anthems or protest songs , it 's impossible to deny that Hairspray 's got a good beat , and you can dance to it .
Hairspray is just plain fun .
It 's pitch perfect : a supreme slab of silly summer fun guaranteed to leave you singing as you exit the theater .
a vibrant musical comedy ... -LRB- Shankman -RRB- knows how to stage and to shoot musical numbers , which sets ` Hairspray ' high above other recent stage-to-screen adaptations like ` The Producers ' ...
Against all expectations , Hairspray turns out to be an explosion of industrial-strength good cheer , delivered by very smart show-biz pros with wit , passion , and a soupçon of dementia . Resistance is futile .
Hairspray captures a moment in pop-culture history when what felt good to millions of teens was good . It reminds us that the pleasure principle could really be principled .
By the glorious finale , Hairspray wins us over with its warmhearted message and rump-shaking music .
Good morning Moviegoers . Each new Hairspray 's an open door . Each new `` Tracy '' a fantasy Each new version a symphony
John Travolta is no Divine . And this shiny musical just does n't have the crazy , messy charm of John Waters ' original .
It rocks the house ! Guaranteed to be an unqualified 100 % summer smash , it 's a total blast . You have got to see Travolta 's hilarious , risk-taking performance to believe it ! He -LRB- or is it she -RRB- and the entire cast are terrific .
The still-burning fire of Baltimore 's dicey racial-relations history is reduced to torched creme brulee . But , song for song , this is the bounciest , bubbliest movie musical of the modern era , and it boasts John Travolta 's best performance in a decade .
expect about a movie version of the latter . After all , how many variations of the same story can you have ? But Adam Shankman 's `` Hairspray '' works , and delightfully so .
... just about the most joyous Hollywood musical since Singin ' in the Rain ...
Could Adam Shankman be the unlikely savior of the movie musical ?
... the most fun you 're likely to have at the movies this summer .
There 's one show-stopping number after another in this entertaining and infectiously fun movie that 's unabashedly campy and simply delightful .
until they make Pink Flamingos : The Musical , we wo n't fully realize John Waters ' talents on Broadway
A lively , ebullient crowd-pleaser that replaces satiric spark with sitcom slickness , but is still good , clean fun .
A blast of fresh air , from the vivid sets and costumes to witty directorial touches , funny cameos and spectacularly enjoyable production numbers .
... there reaches a point at which such sequences start to take on repetitive and superfluous qualities ...
There 's wit here , and a fair amount of entertainment to be had , but do n't expect the feral spikiness of the original , as Shankman , a choreographer as well as director , aims to please the very audience whom Waters usually tries to shock .
While Travolta may be the box-office pull , it 's Walken who is a revelation . Hairspray is lucky to have him , and so are we .
The new Hairspray is n't quite as good as the original . But this modern parable for the size zero generation is a mane attraction .
Great fun - and certainly the best musical of the year so far .
A straightforward , unfussy musical comedy , one that entertains twice as much as the dour Dreamgirls .
Big , bouncy , brainless musical .
A mix of savoury issues and sweet songs that lets the latter win out . It 's short on the subversive vibe of John Waters ' version , but if catchy tunes and a cast having a blast are all you 're after , this will leave a smile .
Poptastic !
Hairspray looks like it 's sending up the straight , heterosexual world , but it also resembles a big , brightly coloured closet which declines to reveal its contents .
A fast , fun , full-figured musical in more ways than one .
The unexpected pleasure of Hairspray is that it does n't beg to differ .
A joyous celebration of being different .
Waters ' trashy sensibility combines with some good old-fashioned Broadway pizzazz to create an irresistible , deliciously subversive entertainment .
In the world of movies based on Broadway musicals that are in turn based on earlier non-musicals , this one is the best .
It 'll plaster a smile on your face and then leave it there over the course of the whole movie .
The 2007 Hairspray is just as fun as the 1988 original but it has lost some of its clunky , kitsch charm . Instead it delivers lots of enjoyable , high-energy musical numbers .
Upon further inspection , not only can I stop the beat , but I would like to turn this stopping of beats into a national movement . Do yourself a favor and just revisit the original Waters film . Your senses will thank you in the morning .
He made a movie that wondrously stands on its marvelously amusing own but also pays pleasantly harmonious homage to the earlier versions which came before it .
`` Hairspray '' is still an enormously engaging movie that is as fizzy as a soda pop and just as refreshing when consumed alongside the other multiplex behemoths .
Works so well as a musical that I ca n't remember anymore what it was like when it was n't one .
Perfectly modulated to Waters ' merciless mocking of surface pretension and the cult of cool
Blonsky is sassy and adorable , a knock-out vocalist with great comic timing ... She smiles , and we 're won over .
Hairspray arrives as a big , bundle of fun , infectious to the core and accomplishes more often than not what the best musicals are prone to do .
-LSB- C -RSB- ould n't be more charming and joyous , more get-up-and-dance toe-tapping , more simply agreeable ...
Just OK because it tries too hard to appeal to all , and feels a bit old fashioned .
I suppose this whole movie-to-Broadway-musical fad is fine , as long as when the shows head back to the screen they are at least as lively as Hairspray .
the only film out this summer I have been begging everyone to see , and the one film I 'm willing to see again and again .
Newcomer Nikki Blonsky should be the talk of the town come Oscar time .
At once stagy and cinematic , ` Hairspray ' blends the old-fashioned power of singing and dancing with the elixir of forbidden love .
Like a box of pure sunshine .
Travolta is good , but the real stars are the other actors , especially newcomer Nikki Blonsky as Tracy Turnblad . ... Amanda Bynes , in pigtails , steals many a scene with some terrific eye work .
The recent revival in big-screen musicals has waited for a film like this : refusing to shriek diva-like for our respect , but rather winning us over like an old friend who always throws the best parties .
The third reincarnation of Hairspray works as both a buoyant feel-good musical and a broad , goofy and totally irresistible celebration of the '60s .
What it offers is n't really a nostalgic look at a ` more innocent time ' so much as a saucy wink at a casually vicious time that is constantly being sold to us as innocent .
Traditionally , movie musicals are released in the ` serious ' fall season . But the shamelessly exuberant Hairspray is a summer film and proud of it .
Hairspray is a feel-good musical that , for a change , actually makes you feel good .
Several beautifully intercut musical numbers keep the action moving and the dialogue in between is sweet , tart and subversive .
With its wisecracking screenplay , period-perfect pop score , and Shankman 's splashy choreography , this may be the funniest , dancingest screen musical since Singin ' in the Rain .
You 'll come out of the movie happier than you went in , and humming a few peppy new tunes to boot .
It 's a pallid , unthreatening version of Waters ' original , but it 's also breezy , light entertainment , good clean fun on the order of -- who 'd have thought it ? -- Disney 's blockbuster High School Musical .
I ca n't recall a movie with this many flaws that I liked so much .
Hairspray more than fulfills that most basic -LRB- but not easy -RRB- task of the movie musical : It leaves audiences frugging their way down the aisle .
The movie pulsates with so much energy and excitement that it sometimes seems it will come bouncing off the screen . But then someone applies another layer of lacquer to their ` do , and the whole boisterous bouffant of a show somehow sticks together .
This movie musical about the plus-sized white girl who shakes her way onto a segregated teen dance show and brings black high-schoolers with her is a laughing gas .
Bouncy and campy , a cotton-candy entertainment feast .
Hairspray is a playful , kitschy , sweet but snarky tribute to the era of sky-high bouffants , TV dance parties and desegregation .
Travolta 's rather unfunny and sometimes tone-deaf turn in drag and a fat suit is the one sore-thumb element in what is otherwise a pretty energetic and enjoyable musical-comedy .
As mile-high-wig musicals go , the film version of Hairspray is less polished but more fun than Dreamgirls . Both are drag revues at heart , one funny , the other serious . I prefer the funny one .
The film 's an irresistible time capsule of that Camelot summer , blending girrrrrl power , social consciousness and faux - '60s pop with the fizz of a soda jerk whipping up a root beer float .
Only a die-hard grump could resist the giddy charms of Hairspray .
Less focused than John Waters ' subversive and satirical original , but nonetheless brings a smile to your face and is destined to get your feet tapping .
Still sings and swings in all the right ways .
That Hairspray is good-hearted is no surprise . The surprise may be that this Hairspray , stuffed with shiny showstoppers , is actually good .
A goofy bouffant of a movie primped with rich '60s atmosphere and held together by the gloss coat of Marc Shaiman 's swinging music .
The real star of this Hairspray is director-choreographer Adam Shankman .
... Hairspray is a surprisingly effervescent ice cream soda of a musical , fizzing with sly comic performances and a bonanza of heel-thumping numbers .
... singing her heart out and swinging her hips , Blonsky is oblivious to the prejudices and insecurities of the real world . Her ignorance is our bliss .
By the big finale , even homophobes will tap their feet . OK , maybe not . But the less close-minded are sure to respond . Hairspray has a beat . And you sure can dance to it .
This screen-to-stage-to-screen disaster spits in the face of John Waters ' decade-defining pop pastiche of harmonious camp and progressive thinking , retaining the basic plotline and anti-segregationist morals but none of the authenticity .
When Hairspray slows or stumbles , which it often does , the direction and choreography -LRB- both by Adam Shankman -RRB- pull it back together fast , and it keeps on trucking .
More a reinvention than a retread , Hairspray is a pleasant surprise , a breath of fresh , whimsical air in a season that 's been dominated by franchise entertainment .
Hairspray is the perfect example of cinematic synchronicity -- flawless casting , amazing material , brilliant production design , stellar songs and directorial magic all rolled up into one big wad of motion picture cotton candy
If ever there were a happy summer movie , it 's Hairspray .
One of the best movie musicals in recent times and it only gets better on repeated viewings .
Hairspray is a fizzy and delirious high-camp message-movie musical that may just turn out to be the happiest movie of the summer .
Based on John Waters ' 1988 satire of civil rights-era nostalgia , this movie-musical adaptation makes the same mistake as the 2002 Broadway incarnation -- it domesticates Waters ' parodistic anarchy into general-audience silliness .
It 's all about the music , baby . And the rollicking tunes and flashy dance numbers carry the day . This new `` Hairspray '' is as good as it could possibly be .
Takes the attitude of the original to a giddy new level .
Energetic , funny and entertaining ; there 's nothing stiff about Hairspray
Three cheers for this jubilant , funny , and phantasmagorical musical !
An odd hybrid that lacks both the rambunctious energy of a live performance and the expressionistic pull of a great movie musical .
A rousing alternative in a marketplace packed with noisy , special-effects-heavy sequels , Hairspray is the best and most entertaining movie adaptation of a stage musical so far this century .
No winking , no mugging -- just earnest , wholesome , knock-your-socks-off fun .
It 's a toe-tapper to make your forget sashaying pirates , comic-book heroes , robot Camaros and cartoons . This is the movie event of the summer .
Though not as scabrous , as sharp or even as musically memorable as John Waters ' original , it retains much of his filthy , big-hearted sensibility .
Offering plenty of body and a lot of lift , Hairspray gels kitsch styling with show-stopping tunes to mould a memorable musical .
Hairspray exceeded my expectations and , while it is n't my favorite movie of the pool-and-beach season , it 's enjoyable enough to earn a recommendation .
This bright , bouncy movie musical is a happy surprise , a candy-colored ode to outsiders that left me with a big grin .
Hairspray proves that summer movie fun need n't be witless and/or soulless .
All of that is just done so well , and you just love the spirit of this .
Hairspray is perfectly pleasant -- I smiled to myself all the way through it -- but it 's not as exhilarating as the show .
Adam Shankman 's movie of the Broadway Hairspray gets better as it lumbers along , but there 's something garish about its hustle -- it 's like an elephant trumpeting in your face .
In doing some constructive nip/tuck and staging the musical numbers in splashy old-musical style , Shankman has put some of the bang back into the genre .
A fast-paced , hugely-entertaining romp that 'll have you dancing all the way home .
Who knew that Baltimore was this bouncy ?
A terrific , good looking , beautifully acted ride and a perfect summer change of pace
You may want to ponder whether or not John Waters ' ` transgressive ' art is entirely lost in the homogenization of his original , or you can just sit back and enjoy the fun .
A much-needed respite from summer 's big , noisy , special effects adventures , Hairspray is old-fashioned fun , wearing its retro like a badge of honor ; the `` coolest '' thing about this uplifting musical is how mainstream it is .
It 's one of the best Broadway-tuner adaptations in recent years -- yes , arguably even better than those Oscar-winning ones . Unpretentious , feel-good pic is low on histrionic diva wailing and MTV-style editing , high on retro movie-musical craftsmanship .
John Travolta takes on John Waters in Hairspray , and the result is anything but a drag in this appealingly goofy , all-singing , all-dancing screen adaptation of the Broadway musical based on the 1988 film .


@highlight

Hairspray is an energetic , wholly entertaining musical romp ; a fun Summer movie with plenty of heart . Its contagious songs will make you want to get up and start dancing .