The script points toward the consequences of leashing onto someone who 's already leashed , but it is n't able to find its way to them or a visual substitute . The dark matter of life is abandoned for gimmicky silence .
Surprisingly wise .
Not much happens but it has plenty to say .
Drinking Buddies could suffer a little from its marketing , which may suggest to some audiences that it is just a regular rom com . But luckily , it is nothing like that . It is something much , much better .
I 'm no beer aficionado , but I found Drinking Buddies to be like a cold , clear drink of artisanal beer -- savory with rich , emphasized notes while also sparkling with subtlety .
Every aspect of this film fits together nicely , even when the drama going on in the film is a little messy .
This is a giant nothing . I ca n't think of a recent picture where I 've seen less effort to enlighten or entertain .
I was a bit skeptical when I first learned about Drinking Buddies , because I did not expect Wilde and her cohorts to be up for the task ; thankfully , I was proven wrong , and the actors go places that I would never expect studio-seasoned actors to go .
A beautifully observed dramedy about modern friendship and romance ; funny , poignant , unforgettable .
It finds its groove with sincere , nuanced performances and a realistic attitude to romance as refreshing as a fistful of Citra hops .
For a film all about the betrayal of those we love the most , Drinking Buddies is a supremely optimistic , warm-hearted picture , with fine , freeing performances from its entire -LRB- albeit very small -RRB- cast .
As much a shining example of an improvised film that works as an example of one that does n't , Drinking Buddies is nevertheless a solid romantic comedy .
It 's warm , witty and wise .
A touching , truthful look at how friendships work when things go off road .
Funny , nuanced , relatable , touching , and an absolute pleasure to watch .
It 's about what does n't happen as much as what does . It 's like real life , especially the beer part .
... wo n't change your world , but it 's a nice movie to have a beer with .
With a little more thought , `` Drinking Buddies '' could have been an intriguing character drama , but just like a night of heavy drinking , it 's something you 're not likely to remember .
The characters are likeable and engaging and the film ends up being amiable , if not quite winning .
The actors are so casual it does n't look like they 're performing .
The story meanders , purposefully , and does n't lead to the places a similar studio film would go ; Swanberg recognizes that disillusionmnet and disappointment are more frequent and universal occurences than heartbreak .
As an exploration of a specific point in life , this film is authentic and observant . But it has a tendency to preach at us , overdramatising issues rather than letting them play out organically .
If you 're in the mood for a talky independent that does n't look as if it 's been made a by a wannabe Woody Allen , Drinking Buddies might just leave you feeling that your glass is more than half full .
Small and earthy , this low-key drama simply follows a group of 30-ish characters as they use their friends to sort out their own issues .
There are emotional razors amid the wooziness .
Swanberg is not so much kowtowing to romcom convention as putting great care into crafting something idiosyncratic , sneakily intelligent-and totally disposable .
Workshopped , improvised and mostly shot in small spaces , Swanberg 's intimate drama is teased out with killer , subtle performances .
This fresh and rebellious quasi rom-com liberates the glamorous Olivia Wilde from the shackles of two-dimensional studio fare , reinventing her as a laidback tomboy involved in a romantic quadrangle .
The acting and improv , by the whole cast , is sublime ...
Sly , subtle and pitch-perfect ...
Enjoyable , emotionally engaging and bittersweet relationship comedy with a sharply observed script , believably flawed characters and a pair of terrific central performances from Olivia Wilde and Jake Johnson .
If you can overcome Wilde 's physical distractions , there 's much to savour in a romance that plays out convincingly ...
It feels like a slicker , sleeker version of the cruddy DV odysseys of yore , and yet at its -LRB- mumble -RRB- core , it 's just more of the same minor-key doodling .
A lo-fi relationship drama that is interesting , if unevenly presented .
This is thoughtful film-making with a keen sense of humour , and we can all drink to that .
The fluidity of the film is what makes it refreshing ; capturing the waves and rhythms of emotion through a combination of careful scripting and improvisation .
After Smashed and The World 's End , the run of drinking movies stays for one more round - a romcom that refreshes the parts others do n't reach , with Olivia Wilde on stellar form .
The film 's quartet of post-slackers are captured as they feel their way around the edges of what they want -LRB- and are afraid to ask for -RRB- with painful accuracy .
Flat as day-old beer .
This relationship story between two craft brewery workers - played by Jake Johnson and Olivia Wilde - is unfiltered , slightly bitter and has distinct spice notes .
finely observed naturalist comedy of manners ... is also a slyly inverted romcom , with erotic desire in fact the obstacle that must be overcome if these two friends are to be reconciled .
Wilde and the other actors really seem to relish Swanberg 's approach , getting to say things that real people might actually say , communicating not with big speeches but with small moments .
Here 's a toast to the cast and crew : `` Drinking Buddies '' is a three-dimensional movie that does n't require beer goggles .
If you 're going to build an entire film on microexpressions , then a certain innate magnetism is required . Swanberg gets it in spades from his top-shelf cast .
Cast is good , material is a weak brew .
DRINKING BUDDIES is a surprisingly complex and charming movie about 2 best friends who are at a crossroads in their lives . Olivia Wilde gives her best performance to date , and her chemistry with Jake Johnson is a joy to watch .
This baby has video on demand written all over it .
-LSB- Swanberg -RSB- points the movie in directions that defy our expectations , exploring the characters ' immaturity and the entropy of human interaction .
Pretension . Pretension . Pretension .
The alcohol flows freely ... but happily not all the high spirits are of the liquid variety .
Not much happens in Drinking Buddies , which , frankly , is refreshing .
`` Drinking Buddies '' sneaks up on you ; you think it 's going in one direction , and suddenly it goes somewhere much more interesting .
For a film in which the main characters work at a brewery and imbibe the fruits of their labour in almost every scene , Drinking Buddies is an oddly flat concoction .
Swanberg does n't exactly reinvent the romantic-comedy formula , but he explores it in unexpected ways , with a terrific cast making the relationships all the more genuine and enjoyable .
A meandering , unfocused kind-of love story among 20 and 30-somethings that grates as much as it pleases .
The movie has a keen eye for the ways in which we sometimes resign ourselves to less-than-satisfying lives .
A capable cast helps bolster this otherwise slight drama about sexual tension and wandering eyes .
the film casually observes the authentic complexities of relationships as they 're tested , and eventually exposed , as obstacles - and sometimes , gateways - to true intimacy .
Swanberg achieves an occasionally heady aura of improvisational flirtatiousness mixed with a churning will-they-or-won ` t-they suspense .
The clean visuals make `` Drinking Buddies '' seem more crafted and less observed , adding a thin barrier to empathy . But if you 're looking for a movie to drink beer to that wo n't kill too many additional brain cells , it serves just fine .
Jake Johnson and Olivia Wilde give some passionate performances , but Drinking Buddies is otherwise nothing more than a drunken blur that you 'll likely forget about by morning .
Drinking Buddies walks a fine line between the mundane and the meaningful , but the actors walking it are top-notch .
The eye of Swanberg 's camera seems a decidedly un-platonic relationship with Wilde , which makes you wonder if Swanberg believes his own premise .
Every time you 're sure of what 's going to happen , Swanberg sends his film in a direction that feels more like real life than Hollywood .
This is a special movie .
It 's a romantic comedy that does n't stick to formula -- I honestly had no idea how things were going to turn out .
Director Joe Swanberg and a terrific ensemble cast imbue a simple story with authenticity and shambling charm .
A deliberative , slow-moving , but still very winning comedy/drama , driven by a couple of very strong performances .
Though the question is usually when the expected will occur , not if , anticipating what 's coming next does n't entirely diminish the impact once these recognizable pieces fall into place .
Lots of drinking in romantic indie dramedy .
Drinking Buddies is a crackling screwball comedy refracted through a low-key , mumblecore prism .
By no means a revolutionary film , but it is an evolutionary one for its maker .
Drinking Buddies is a stripped-down and straightforward look at the complications of relationships that may not astound but manages as a solid indie romantic drama .
A delightful and natural exploration of friendship that is at once honest , refreshingly funny and uncomfortably real .
The movie grabs you once you 've become attuned to the way Joe Swanberg works and grown familiar with these characters .
This looks like a string of screen tests and home movie outtakes of the actors getting hammered on set . It 's `` Grown Ups 2 '' for the art house crowd .
An intimate and beautifully-observed drama . -LRB- Writer-director -RRB- Joe Swanberg 's best , most accessible/identifiable film to date .
There 's more plot , and scripted dialogue , here than in Swanberg 's earlier , mumblecore work . But authenticity still comes first .
There is an organic feel to `` Drinking Buddies '' that will be familiar to anyone who has had one .
Mr. Swanberg 's camera weaves through bodies at rest , at work and at the bar in no particular hurry , and his script captures the idioms of men and women who are equally inclined to waste words and to say very little .
It simply nails the reality of late twentysomethings and early thirtysomethings struggling with relationships - friends and lovers .
Swanberg and his cast do a great job mining all the little insecurities and jealousies that manifest themselves between men and women and the sexual tension that invades male/female friendships .
It feels mumblecore-ishly vague and rambling in its construction , like Hannah Takes the Stairs without the raffish charm .
The characters may seem real , yet they 're not very interesting . And worst of all , the beer flows but the movie does n't .
For all the broken hearts , this is a sublimely joyful film .
Though nothing immensely consequential happens during the course of Drinking Buddies , Swanberg crafts a conversational atmosphere that compensates for a lack of momentous drama
A drama that shows how romantic relationships and friendships can demand more nurturing than some people can give .
`` Drinking Buddies '' has a cleaner structure than Swanberg 's earlier wanderings , but after several projects I still do n't know what compels him as a filmmaker ...
We laugh with these people not because they 're absurd , but because they 're so normal . Swanberg 's made the rare film that feels exactly the way your friends do when they do n't know you 're watching them .
Swanberg also displays a new level of ability with performers , drawing great turns from literally everyone in this cast , and finally giving the gorgeous Olivia Wilde the part she 's needed for years . She 's spectacular here .
The entire film unfolds in a recognizable register of ominous hesitation ; the results are a bit schematic but nevertheless hit on something real .
Streamlined and real like a new favorite song that both reminds you of something you already loved and gets you to see it with fresh eyes .
A quietly thrilling romance , an amusingly serious drama , a lovable relationship captured on film . What more can we ask for ?
Skillfully surveys the details of friendships and longing , delivered in a messy , improvisational manner that feels completely natural to the habitual hesitation at hand .
The actors all blend terrifically , making this the film equivalent of great hang time .
The stars sell the cutesiness , and the rawness-equals-real go-nowhereness that seemingly infects every conversation in a microbudget indie , with equal professionalism and vigor ; if they ca n't stick the landing in the end , it 's because no one could .
Small in size yet keenly adept at human observation , films like `` Drinking Buddies '' are a pleasurable respite from the routine of seeing characters controlled by bigger-than-life plot hooks one can only find in cinema and television .
Swanberg 's careful eye perceives the nuances of those conflicts with greater perspicacity than ever before ; never have his tiny moments of truth felt so honest or clear .
`` Drinking Buddies '' ultimately may not be that revelatory in its depiction of love and commitment , but it observes its characters with a lot of compassion .
What makes Drinking Buddies most likeable is its infectious sense of fun .
This brisk and exuberant comedy , directed by Joe Swanberg , is powered by a strong current of romantic melancholy .
A realistic look at choices today 's unmarried youths must make .
Less precise and cohesive than much of Joe Swanberg 's recent work , as its small , improvisational skeleton struggles to meet the demands of the more ambitious story it 's trying to tell .
Drinking Buddies is well acted , pretty , and avoids the Hollywood ending , but there are better options for avoiding a Hollywood ending than a Hollywood non-ending . Honesty is great , but hey , how ` bout some weirdness ?
If this is the future of independent romantic comedies , sign me up .
An appealing cast and fine-tuned sexual tension bolster Swanberg 's latest .
It 's not that the insights into how Swanberg 's generation lives today are any more profound -LRB- they 're not -RRB- , but it 's encouraging to see what professional actors , a musical score and a modicum of technique can do to spruce up this observational comedy .
That Olivia Wilde can sure hold her liquor , and look cute doing it .
Drinking Buddies is propelled by amazing performances from Jake Johnson and Olivia Wilde , whose chemistry makes nearly every scene a pleasure to watch .
The film stays true to Swanberg 's roots , even if it means making a wispy little slip of a movie that indulgent audiences will not have to get blackout drunk to forget .
The effective fragments of `` Drinking Buddies '' take Swanberg 's oeuvre in a new direction by accumulating into a big picture .
Swanberg gets to the heart of the matters of the heart with disarming doses of both charm and wisdom .
Drinking Buddies was n't the worst I 've seen from Swanberg -LRB- luckily no meandering-film-student feel to this one -RRB- , but it was n't very compelling or interesting either .
A study of relationships between men and women and how attraction and chemistry can get in the way of keeping a friendship platonic .
Wilde & Johnson have such palpable chemistry that simple scenes of drinking , playing cards and joking around become filled with the suspense of whether or not they 're going to make a move on each other . It helps that the pair are also really funny ...

@highlight

Smart , funny , and powered by fine performances from Olivia Wilde and Jake Johnson , Drinking Buddies offers a bittersweet slice of observational comedy .