Belzberg presents a view of modern challenges in combating genocide that , while not entirely thorough , is a sobering reminder of the difficulty of those efforts .
Moves beyond outrage at singular atrocities ... to credit Lemkin 's prescience in demonstrating difficulty in identifying genocide , to stop it , and meting out punishment .
The movie feels too short at two hours ; it offers a worthwhile overview of the subjects but does n't treat any of them in much depth .
Anyone possessed with even a fleeting sense of social justice should be amazed and appalled by what he/she sees and learns in Edet Belzberg 's Watchers of the Sky .
Even at two hours - an eternity for a doc - the movie never feels too long .
An extraordinary documentary about a heroic peacemaker who coined the term `` genocide '' and fought to bring those responsible for mass killings to trial .
It is n't a hopeful story , but it is a story of how committed people have fought and struggled to create the possibility for hope in the future .
Well-researched , potent and equally informative , emotionally devastating and exhausting .
Watchers of the Sky takes on a vast subject - genocide over the past century - and manages to be not just coherent but poetically moving .
The sheer amount of information that Belzberg had to organize , and fit into a seamless whole , is awe-inspiring . The pace feels like an unstoppable river , the current of history , the continuum of atrocity that Lemkin and others sensed .
Succeeds in throwing a much-needed light on a man whose hermitlike life remains mysterious , but whose legacy will shine on for the ages .
The film 's message is so powerful , some of the poetic flourishes are unnecessary .
`` Watchers of the Sky '' is a film that can dash hopes about humanity but also raise them in depicting the stories of these tireless defenders .
Tough to watch , but essential .
Watchers of the Sky shrewdly mixes archival footage , animated history , field reports of atrocities , and both anguished and heartening talking-head interviews with hope-stirring scenes of actual people standing up to the greatest evil of our age .
This is , to put it mildly , a lot of information for one documentary , which inevitably devolves to resemble not so much an anthology as a slideshow of genocide 's greatest hits .
In Watchers of the Sky , Belzberg offers a sharp reminder of how primitive our coexistence as a global community remains .
There is quite a lot of onscreen reading to be done as well as watching but the passages of Lemkin that Belzberg chooses are always well-illustrated either by the animation or archival footage .
Social justice is a hard and often nebulous concept to depict in a documentary Belzberg actually revels in the elevated aspects of the discussion .
Edet Belzberg 's sweeping survey of global genocide is an impressive and artful cinematic thesis of palpable substance .

@highlight

Watchers of the Sky offers a consistently gripping look at one man 's incredible legacy , even if it ca n't hope to offer a comprehensive overview of a huge , complicated subject .