This is a film infused with easy joy , the happiness of sitting in the sun and eating an apple .
For Norbu , filmmaking has become his form of thangka painting
My first Bhutanese -LRB- Bhutanian ? -RRB- film , it 's a coming-to-America tale , filled with lovely clichés that are overwritten by a strong sense of authenticity .
There is much more to Travellers & Magicians than a mere travelogue , and the journey is well worth the price of admission .
All Norbu 's posturing for a greater spiritual meaning never materialized , though it still looms as an assured work .
With its spiritual underpinnings and scenic splendor , the film casts a distinctive top-of-the-world spell .
It 's a disappointment to report that Bhutanese filmdom is not off to a good start .
Pretty enough , but one kind of hopes for a little magic in a movie with `` magicians '' in its title .
A gentle challenge to the all-American delusion that every citizen of a foreign land would be better off here .
Pleasant and often beautiful .
It 's a leisurely yet resonant film that reinforces the power of cinematic storytelling .
It will probably not be long remembered , but it charms and entertains in the moment , at least .
Uses a folktale or parable to impart its message about the simple pleasures in life , and it 's the telling of that story that makes it watchable and worthwhile .
There may be moments where the audience feels as restless as Dondup , eager to get a move on , but by the end you 'll appreciate the way -LSB- it -RSB- lingers on the little things .
The Himalayan scenery , majestic mountains , and verdant valleys are as breathtaking and well-shot as one could hope for .
Refreshingly quiet and thoughtful .
The film works a slow magic .
Gloriously photographed , captivatingly acted and percolating with surprises .
So pretty you want to put it on your wall .
Dondup is the make-or-break role here , and he nails it .
It 's transporting , it 's magical .
A colorful and witty work that does n't preach so much as gently nudge us to consider the wonders of our existence .
The exotic landscapes combine with subtle realizations for a moving human work .
A story told slowly , lovingly , with plenty of camera time devoted to that gorgeous countryside .
An unusual road movie featuring gorgeous atmospherics , the film is memorable indeed .
That -LSB- director -RSB- Norbu elicits believable and fully developed characters out of his cast of non-actors is all the more impressive .
With its intricate design , sly humour and timely theme , Travellers and Magicians is a lot more than just a travelogue .
Lovely , obvious and strangely unconvincing .
A treat to look at .
To watch this movie is to be moved not only by an affecting , warmly spirited yarn , but also by the wisdom that seems to waft to us directly from those snow-capped peaks .
Let 's welcome Bhutan to the global cinema !
What an curious , beautiful film !
Norbu never allows anything to stray beyond the lukewarm on his pleasant highway idyll . Strong emotions are strictly off limits .
An enchanted journey well worth taking .
Khyentse Norbu traces Dondup 's path to enlightenment with mixed results that are nonetheless culturally engaging and gently amusing .
The juxtaposition of the two stories is n't anything particularly new -- numerous films have attempted something similar -- but Norbu 's boldness in approaching each with such starkly different stylistic visions is uncharacteristically invigorating .
Profound and gently funny .
Acknowledge the timeless , universal human question of whether to stay in the dull , safe place you know or take a chance in a wider , scarier , potentially more rewarding world .
Writer-director Khyentse Norbu sees paradise not as the seat of perfection , but as the warmth of a simple , loving community .
Delightful performances are delivered by all in this ingenious work of cinema that is worth seeing if only for its glorious views of the Himalayas .
A delightful lesson of self-discovery and may even leave you believing in magic .
Offbeat and ravishingly beautiful .
America may have many things to offer , but it does n't have scenery like this
A film so enchanting one hates to see it come to an end .
Colorful , if not exciting .
A pleasant , colorful travelogue directed by the Bhutanese lama Khyentse Norbu .
The scenery is breathtaking , the amateur cast is appealing , and the road trip , though as shaggy and unruly as the vagabond official 's haircut , emits a pleasant buzz .
Norbu -LRB- The Cup -RRB- shifts smoothly between a kind of Buddhist The Postman Always Rings Twice and depicting the bonds that form among Dondup and his companions .
An extraordinary Buddhist road movie about the dangers and unhappiness that comes in our attempts to deny the present moment for dreamlands of our own making .
A bit too creakingly stiff in its allegory , but the film 's refusal to provide simple answers is touchingly appropriate .
As the journey progresses , the director conjures comedic , at times uniquely Buddhist tensions .
We can glory , for an hour or two , in the splendors of a life based on renunciation -- and then return , without having to renounce anything ourselves , to a life of unrigorous indulgence .
Yesterday 's dreams , today 's heartache -- that 's the meaning of this involving story within a story , the first movie shot entirely in Bhutan .
The film is not profound and the resolution not entirely satisfying , but it a pleasant enough experience .
Pic has been adeptly packaged , with every advantage taken to show off the spectacular locations through which the travelers journey .
A dual story of accidental spiritual journeys -LSB- that -RSB- illuminates storytelling 's scriptural capacity to impart life lessons ... a charming little film -LSB- to see -RSB- on a big screen .
Visually accomplished and loads of fun .
What salvages the film is the powerful simplicity of its faith .



@highlight

Interwined tales of spiritual discovery are set against a gorgeous , evocative landscape in this pleasant , engaging import .