It 's a horror film with no horror , and one of the all-around finest examples of quality film production .
Stoker is a brilliantly inventive Gothic fairy tale gone wrong , with devilish shades of Hitchcock .
Park Chan-wook -LSB- has -RSB- toned down the violence and perversity of his Korean output . But not by much . When a character ... commends a garden 's soil for its spade-yielding softness , you get the feeling he 's not planning to plant begonias .
Park 's latest feature and first English-language release is a stylish , brutal , oft-uncomfortable tale of mystery and revenge .
There is a freedom to his filmmaking ; he 's trying things , odd moods and unexpected edits and unconventional compositions . He likes to keep things popping , and you ca n't help but respond to the wit and playfulness of his style .
Wasikowska has that magnetic creep that pulls us to her , but the film is afflicted by the arthouse syndrome : it renounces its pulp roots and wishes to appear high-brow -- a pretension it ca n't sustain .
The shame is that while the film is as glossy as late DePalma , essential Hitchcockiness is swapped out for random ickiness , a sorrow in light of Park 's own history of crafting sleek , liquescent , swamping fever dreams .
Enthralling and tremendously entertaining .
Will no doubt be dismissed by a few as little more than a work of filmmaking panache . The panache , though , is what makes the film great .
It 's real strength , perhaps , is in its gaps and silences , which allow director Park to go to town with mood , composition and imagery .
I saw the blood but not the beauty or the growth .
It 's too safe , too knotty , too wastefully handsome , too dull .
The style-over-substance atmosphere ultimately confirms Stoker 's place as a disappointingly empty piece of work ...
Subtlety is never this film 's strong suit , and any mystery there is quickly paved over beneath a thick layer of stupidity .
The first English-language film from South Korean firebrand Park Chan-wook -LRB- Thirst ; Oldboy -RRB- , Stoker is a pungent mood piece spiced with mystery , murder and plenty of unsettling emotions .
It 's not the story itself that is of interest for cinema lovers , it 's how he presents it
The sense of place , internal rhythms and fragile relationships are all developed with mastery by acclaimed director Chan-wook Park -LRB- Thirst , Old Boy -RRB- in this chilling film where obsession and secrets create an invisible curtain of terror
Not everything is what it seems in Stoker and its strength lies in how much it undermines expectations by taking a revisionist approach to gothic fiction conventions .
A beautifully twisted story , masterfully composed and fiercely performed ; Stoker is a hyper visual gothic thriller that ca n't be missed .
I liked the mood of Stoker : gothic , dark , strange and melancholy . It 's like a really creepy Sunday afternoon .
A coming of age story that subverts to a coming of the deranged
Her elder co-stars may lead this psychological mind dance with ease , but it is Mia Wasikowska who astounds the most .
Stoker delves into some seriously dark psychological territory , while somehow rising above it . It pulls the impressive trick of making ugly acts seem beautiful ...
Classic film language has been fixed since the 20th century and modern film language can be so frenetic that it 's refreshing to see a daring filmmaker creating tension and dread out of slow-paced , deliberate choices rather than quick-cut chaos .
Marvelously assembled by a craftsman who takes pleasure in unsettling our minds while he messes with our eyes .
a hothouse psychodrama rendered in a deliberately cool style that gives it the feel of a dollhouse chamber play conceived in a mental institution
Even if the actual story gets a little soft at times and pulls its punches for the American audience , Stoker is worth taking a look at .
Stoker has the kind of script that would have made Hitchcock giddy at the knees as murder , suppressed sexuality and dense mystery whirls into a thick fog of suspicion and intrigue .
A horror masterpiece ...
Quiet , cool , and simply gorgeous to look at , Stoker is easily one of the most accomplished chillers of the year .
Stoker trembles between the portentous and the ridiculous , and I think you know which one is going to win . The audience does make its decision : They 've been had yet again .
A visual feast whose psychosexual boilerplate proves intriguingly complex , Stoker is a born classic - a brilliant English-language crossover effort for Park that doubles as a genre-transcending triumph .
While one is sure Stoker will satisfy many with its haughty ambivalence about any number of social taboos , others will find Park 's first English-language effort decidedly vapid ...
A twisted little bildungsroman ... Stoker successfully defies expectations at most turns .
You never know where Park is going to take you next , even when you 're not so sure you want to go along .
It 's admirable how effortlessly Park adapts to English , fearlessly exploring his creepy , squirmy themes without compromise .
Style does n't just win out here , it smashes substance like a bug under a shoe .
Park subverts standard framing rules when characters are speaking to one another , employs sweeping camera movement from weird angles , and stops key scenes just at their climax , only to return to them later for a fuller picture .
The first unquestionably outstanding film of 2013 .
As fun as it can be to play this game of spot-the-reference , the movie 's too besotted with its own cleverness and stylistic flourishes to generate a genuine sense of risk or menace .
Shades of Hitchcock , but this horror thriller lacks a protagonist worthy of its audience .
It feels like an empty exercise in creepy perversity that 's more confusing than coherent .
Stoker is symbolism in search of a story . It 's like Breaking Bad if it was a show about Walt killing flies , and only tangentially concerned with the meth business .
India Stoker is a girl with a spider inside her . That 's a metaphor to suggest she is both victim and predator within her family web ; Park literalizes the idea with shots of a spindly arachnid creeping up the girl 's sock , toward her skirt .
Come for the atmosphere , but do n't stay for the plot
Falters in spite of Korean director 's skills
Stoker is a mystery where the means justify the ends , where even the most cynical viewer will stand up and take notice of where this particular filmmaker is taking us .
In the end it was a little too strange for my taste , but I know fans of the dark and mysterious will love it .
As fascinating as it is frustrating , Stoker boasts all the potential for the making of a great film . Instead , it settles for merely being an admirable one .
The aesthetic accomplishments of the movie ca n't make up for the lack of a compelling narrative .
Park amps up every moment with a sweaty , ghoulish atmosphere , and he plants the Hitchcock references like an Easter egg hunt .
Stoker , rather improbably , manages to find the handshake place between predictable and confounding . And that 's ... an achievement ?
Stoker is a movie about tension and inaction , about people trying to figure out what 's going on in someone else 's head .
Works mostly as a mood piece , but what a mood it is .
A beguiling debacle that in its best case scenario might achieve cult status ... or could just as easily fade into obscurity .
A film detached from reality and devoid of meaning .
Easily the most remarkable film I 've seen this year , and one that lingers in the mind . I also strongly suspect that it will pay dividends on repeat viewings .
By the end , I did n't really mind either way how it was going to climax - I was n't rootin ' , I was n't tootin ' .
Largely a pretext for style , but the style works .
A compelling , darkly humorous watch .
As much a startling coming-of-age saga as a portrait of a psychologically damaged family , Stoker emits a Gothic chill that 's almost tangible , and the performances by Wasikowska and Goode are mesmerizing .
Park 's skills for surreal subjectivity and the mischievously weird certainly do n't hurt , but they ca n't quite banish Stoker 's narrative speed bumps and draughts of cold air ...
Stoker lacks the bite that Park Chan-wook 's South Korean films deliver and does n't kick you while you 're down nearly as hard as The Vengeance Trilogy does , but Stoker is still unsettling and an expertly crafted thriller .
Stoker is a cunning exercise in transgression . But one ca n't help but wonder what kind of film Park might have made if he 'd had the full creative control to which he 's accustomed in Korea .
An emptily flamboyant explosion of style over substance .
None of it is life-changing , but it is effectively eerie . Stylishly spooky , even .
`` Stoker '' plays out like a Kabuki `` Macbeth '' : gallons of style slathered on a story you already know by heart .
The violent yet artful stylings of Korean director Park Chan-Wook are applied to a Southern Gothic plot with artistically queasy results .
There 's a fine line separating ` unsettling ' and ` off-putting , ' and Park treads all over it . What we get is a film that is chilly in addition to be chilling .
The kind of movie that gets under your skin and stays there for days , an achievement on its own whether you enjoy Park 's disturbing family drama or not .
Old-fashioned and not entirely unexpected , the film does n't work very well as a mystery , but garners a creeping intrigue all the same as the many faces of teenaged protagonist India Stoker are revealed .
`` Stoker '' is a thriller in which the big question is not `` What will happen next ? '' but rather `` What is going on ? ''
-LSB- It -RSB- seems to be unfolding somewhere else ; somewhere where it makes sense that everyone seems to be sleepwalking .
Aesthetics are steering this ghostly ship , leaving narrative in the background to fend for itself . Fortunately , Park is in full command of his repertoire .
Unpredictable and enchantingly outlandish , the movie is often extraordinarily composed . Perhaps it 's far from perfect , but the atmosphere is deliciously thick with psychosis and the characters ideally unraveled .
Even though Park creates and sustains a mood , and shows what an athlete he is with the camera , the actors are struggling valiantly to give some emotional texture to a story that , ultimately , defeats itself .
If the destination is n't what it might have been , the journey is a heck of a ride .
A beautifully twisted , slow-burning psychothriller that may or may not all be taking place inside India 's head , Stoker marks South Korean cult director Chan-wook Park 's inaugural English language venture .
Refracted through Park 's graceful filmmaking style , `` Stoker '' is mysterious , demanding , sometimes baffling and richly rewarding .
It fits the bill if you like stylized dread .
This is the first of his films Park did n't write himself , and while the setup is compelling , a prosaic follow-through serves to straighten out the narrative rather than enhance it with curves .
Stoker is a visually engrossing portrait of upper-class evil and psychosexual suspense that leaves you with a lingering case of the creeps .
Stoker may drip with juicy primal urges , suspense and demented behavior , but it offers very little logic or substance to soak up .
Stoker is deliciously demented , and that 's a good thing .
Like a taxidermied owl , `` Stoker '' is lovely to look at , but in the end it 's hard to give a hoot .
A psychological , vaguely soap-operatic , decidedly gothic framework of cruelty and deceit .
The sometimes maddening action/inaction takes its time and keeps you wondering who 's going to come out alive at the end of it all , even though you suspect nobody 's walking away from this creepshow happily .
I did n't sit through those credits . I could n't get away quickly enough , and I ca n't say I enjoyed the experience of enduring Stoker -- but I admired the heck out of it .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Park fans will undoubtedly delight in Stoker 's striking visuals and Park 's haunting exploration of how human monsters are made , making an unforgettable thriller by one of the finest modern filmmakers out there working today .
Slow to get going , with long looks and tension-filled silences , but it draws you in and becomes very compelling .
At first , Stoker resembles a twisted variation on Alfred Hitchcock 's 1943 thriller Shadow of a Doubt , with Matthew Goode in the role of Uncle Charlie , created so memorably by Joseph Cotten .
Sexy , perverse and memorable , Stoker lingers in the imagination like an enjoyable hangover .
A movie that delights in twisting expectations by playing around with old horror tropes only to deliver something altogether stranger and less easily defined .
-LSB- A -RSB- wild , watchable , relatively brief , deeply annoying thriller ...
It 's tempting to call this pure cinema but pure seems like the wrong word for a film that gleefully despoils its audience .
With Stoker , Park Chan-wook makes his English debut a memorably twisted horror drama , one that owes plenty to the director 's best film .
A strange hybrid , which dips into spurty horror and Lynchian parody , with added sexual awakening and shoe fetishism .
The glee of the outrageous one gets from a true trash movie vanishes here to be replaced by a deadening sense of the filmmakers ' calculation and cynicism .
Those hoping for a thrilling mystery will find that Stoker is not that at all , as it explicitly reveals its true intentions in ways you 're not likely to forget .
The best film of 2013 so far .
Elegant direction helps to elevate a lackluster screenplay , but a game cast play things a bit too cool for comfort in Stoker .
Park employs all manner of cinematic derring-do -- shock cuts , off-kilter compositions , discontinuous storytelling -- all to no great purpose other than to make us go `` Wow . '' A more appropriate response might be , `` Huh ? ''
Although the film will have its detractors , it 's hard not to be impressed with what Park has achieved here : a Korean movie in Hollywood clothing , Stoker is a one-of-a-kind masterpiece .
The movie is a carnival of sinister images , combined to create a demented portrait of hormones run wild .
The results are exquisite , enigmatic and enrapturing , in the way a date with a preying mantis might be .
You could argue that this film is all lurid style over substance , but there 's actually a lot going on behind the stunningly gorgeous imagery .
A dreamy , claustrophobic thriller about family secrets and lies , alternates between genuine creepiness and a disconcerting goofiness that undermines its atmospheric chills .
On the whole I 'd rather watch ` The Addams Family ' .
A juicily perverse Southern Gothic creepfest .
Thanks to Park 's endless creativity behind the camera , it 's impossible to look away from Stoker , even when what 's happening on the screen is truly risible .
Dripping with mood but deprived of dynamics , Stoker fails as an overall film yet wonders with the wizardry of the man behind the cam .
Kidman 's immobile , slightly scary face is used to great effect ; Goode oozes malevolent charm ; and Wasikowska skilfully keeps you guessing as to whether India is an angel or a monster .
The play between the three leads is terrific - a bit bonkers , quite creepy , often over-the-top .
It 's not pure Park or pure Hitchcock but a muted , mildly mesmerizing blend of the two . You might want to take a careful stroll in this Hitchpark .
The problem is that real emotion is lacking and the net result is curiously opaque .
Talent behind the camera , talent in front , and yet nothing worth watching . What happened ?
Stoker is a chilling and profoundly disturbing thriller about grief and wanton desire .
Park is n't interested in simply trendy material and edgy effects ; a former philosophy student , he wants to weave it all into a genuinely disturbing drama .
Sure , it 's got its horror aspects . But for my money , this movie belongs alongside `` Secretary , '' `` Ginger Snaps '' and `` Thirteen '' in the family of deliciously dark female coming-of-age stories .
You may be dazzled or exasperated by this flurry of stylistic excess . You probably wo n't be bored .
Stoker is perhaps too cold for its own good .
The director , making his English-language debut , seems to take the pedestrian script as both a challenge and a permission slip . He stuffs any 10 minutes of `` Stoker '' with more artificial dread than the whole of `` Black Swan . ''
The two leading characters are so superficial that we never really know why they do the things they do , which become increasingly bizarre and eventually downright insane .
Having such a skilful director on board has rescued Stoker from total mediocrity . But with a more engaging plot , it could have offered so much more .
A bizarrely perverse , beautifully rendered mystery that you may or may not care to solve .
An American gothic soap opera and dark coming-of-age film that benefits greatly from its chilling atmosphere and stellar performances by Mia Wasikowska , Nicole Kidman and Matthew Goode .
A thin storyline with uninspiring HFS ideas that 's had the hell directed out of it ... Arresting from frame to frame .
It may be Mr. Park 's reputation that induces a state of queasy anticipation in the early scenes of `` Stoker . '' But it is also , unquestionably , his craft .
Spontaneity has been banished by rigid stylization , and the net effect is as lifeless as a severed head that turns up in a basement freezer .
Just because something is unsettling does n't make it involving .
Making his English language debut , Korean director Chan-wook Park -LRB- `` Oldboy '' -RRB- has chosen a psychological thriller that plays like `` The Royal Tennenbaums '' as directed by Claude Chabrol .
Stoker 's ultimate wispiness makes Park 's achievement all the more impressive : He 's the magician pulling a deft sleight of hand , waiting until the very last moment to reveal that all is illusion .
The film plays like a Brian De Palma homage to Hitchcock - albeit one loaded with Park 's symbol-laden visuals .
The film has visual style to spare , but even that becomes overwhelming , turning Stoker into self-parody .
Beneath all the silk and powder , it transpires that Stoker is actually nothing more than a schlocky , screeching B-movie ; an animated skeleton sent up to spook us . It 's at its most entertaining when it shakes off its clothes .
Straight-to-download is the deserved fate . Do n't hold it back by buying a ticket .
Full of heavingly gorgeous images that envelop a viewer before smothering them , its maddening elements eventually become too much to bear .
Park has built a hothouse of erotic tension that 's primed to explode . Some will find it too much . Screw them . Park 's goal is to bust form , not conform to it . Take Stoker for what it is : a thriller of savage beauty .
The performances are excellent , but it 's the direction that lifts the movie up and spins it around .
This erotic psychodrama rivals his Oldboy and Lady Vengeance in its bold color and delirious compositions but avoids the ritualized sadism that made those films such dubious pleasures .
This Hitchcock wannabe never really frightens us because we 're not invested enough in these bizarre characters .
There is surprisingly little tension for what amounts to a murder mystery , but the performances make up for it .
The power of the dream-like imagery lingers , and the horror felt is not visceral , but metaphysical .
There is no mystery in Stoker , only `` style , '' and a stultifying sense that the world 's been rigged with evil .
A creepy , suspenseful , tawdry and fun thriller .
A visually stunning , powerfully atmospheric and emotionally intense drama with a Hitchcock-inspired script , a tonne of clever references and a trio of terrific performances from Wasikowska , Kidman and Goode .
Park 's film is head-spinningly kinky stuff , even by Korean standards , and the fact it has somehow emerged from the American studio system in all its unhinged glory is itself a marvel .
All talk and no trousers . Figuratively speaking .
As it becomes more and more delirious in its explanations of Charlie 's past , `` Stoker '' at least gives you a few images to remember ...
It 's best taken one tense , exhilarating moment at a time , without anticipation or expectation .
What sets `` Stoker '' apart are the exquisitely grotesque bursts of death , which usually occur only after an effectively maddening series of tension-building scenes .
`` Stoker '' certainly relies too much on its heavy Gothic atmosphere , but it does add up to something - particularly because of Wasikowska 's deft performance .
`` Oldboy '' director Park Chan-wook 's first American movie is so bad I wonder whether his other movies were ever good .
If this is what Park Chan-wook can bring to the American film world , then hopefully he will stay for a very long time .
... captures the way adolescence blurs far more lines than the one between youth and adulthood .
Gets under your skin . It is art . It is horror . It is family .
A psychological thriller that does n't walk or talk like any other , and a fairy tale in which the princess is indistinguishable from the monster .
A movie that feels elegantly transgressive and viscerally exciting . A wonderful , menacing and sexy thriller .
Prurience aside , ` Stoker 's ' photography and production design are sublime , each frame worthy of a high-res screenshot for the noblest of cineaste Tumblrs .
Once this Gothic thriller stops trying so hard , and lets its natural freak flag fly , this horror becomes quite the entertainment .
Clearer heads will find it absurdly pointless .
South Korean auteur Park Chan-wook 's filmmaking always dances a fine line between sublime and absurd genre ingredients . `` Stoker , '' his first American-set , English language picture , is no exception .
The sad truth is that screenwriter Miller drops most of the intrigue down more plot holes than you 'd find in a makeshift graveyard .
There 's only so much Mia Wasikowska navel-gazing anyone should be forced to bear .
A Hitchcockian stew of hothouse familial jealousy , sadism , and psychosis all tied together by one teenage girl 's homicidal coming of age .
A drab , mannered horror-melodrama , potentially interesting in execution but relentlessly tedious in outcome .
Audaciously , in-your-face creepy and exhilarating in a way few films have been since David Lynch 's Blue Velvet .
Hitchcockian , with the usual creepy/kinky Chan-Wook Park touches .
Fundamentally this is an exercise in genre and overripe style , but if only one in 20 American horror films were this well made .
An intense mix of horror , thriller and domestic drama , this is exquisite filmmaking .
The problem with Park Chan-Wook is that there 's no real drama in his worldview . The drive toward cruelty is absolute -- and in this case , absolutely boring .
Regardless of how beautifully Park Chan-Wook shot the movie , `` Stoker '' plays like a thin book that 's missing more than a few pages .
The film 's weird mix of dollhouse dread and fashion-magazine chic can be fetching , but it 's nothing if not vacuous , a series of disjointed , improvisatory riffs that recall the brazen aesthetic overload of Amer .
There are still the odd pleasantly arresting sequences here and there , but by the film 's end it seems apparent that no underlying purpose or thoughtful idea has actually driven this relentless , hollow mess .
It 's one mystery that will make you yawn and one film that certainly ca n't lead us out of a dismal year so far at the movies .
In an effort to creep up to a climax , `` Stoker '' instead meanders to the point where you just to quit .
Neither dealing with the supernatural nor particularly violent , Stoker might not appeal to horror fans , but manages to create something fresh in the thriller genre .
South Korean director makes an impressive American debut with a Gothic mystery tale that works on any number of levels .
The reference to the push-me , pull-you state of adolescence - with twin forces drawing you back towards childhood and on into adulthood - is the most interesting idea in the movie but it is otherwise swamped by cliche .
Park Chan-wook brings operatic finesse to generic material in his tight-wound , wickedly weird US debut . And Mia Wasikowska nails it .
You can make an interesting movie about anything if you let your characters show us who they are and trust them to do so . You can really elevate a genre movie like a mystery/thriller that way .
A nervy , pervy Hitchcock riff .
Impossible to get out of your head ...
Park and his game cast -LRB- including Mia Wasikowska , Nicole Kidman , and Matthew Goode -RRB- do a lot of heavy lifting for a script that 's really quite awful .
A splendidly demented gumbo of Hitchcock thriller , American Gothic fairy tale and a contemporary kink all Park 's own .
In this retreat from Park 's earlier wildness -LRB- Old Boy -RRB- , there is a sureness to his directing here , most of the time , as he modulates the volatile family tensions which risk exploding in the house .
Stoker proves that not only can Park Chan-Wook do what others like Polanski and Jeunet have sometimes failed to do , but he can do it with just the same amount of gusto and which panache that made all of his Korean films so damn good .
Literary references and symbolism abound in Stoker . You can get tied up trying to figure out who is what . That is the idea .
Park 's unsettling visuals and his handling of the cast make the occasional holes in Wentworth Miller 's script practically irrelevant .

@highlight

Its script does n't quite carry the dramatic heft of his earlier work , but Park Chan-wook 's Stoker showcases his eye for sumptuous imagery and his affection for dark , atmospheric narratives populated by mysterious characters .