Though initially sold as The Hangover set in Afghanistan , Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is not an outright wacky comedy , but instead tells a much more subtle , dramatic story .
Tina Fey is the only thing preventing unmitigated disaster
Fey is really quite wonderful in the film , which despite the trailer is more of a drama with some clever jokes than a comedy , per se . But , despite her best efforts , the movie could have been much more .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot ? It 's Delta Whiskey Charlie ; definitely worth catching .
It turns WTF into yet another white-lady-finds-herself-in-an-exotic-locale vacation movie , like Eat Pray Love .
This film has been sold as a bosom-buddy movie , with the stars Tina Fey and Margo Robbie as snipers . It is much more than that , much more than one-liners .
It 's uneven . But what 's utterly convincing is that somehow , this good-but-not-great movie has accurately captured that particular moment when a reporter discovers the ineffable joy of chasing a high-stakes story for the first time .
Proving she has the stuff for big-screen stardom ... Fey creates a character who 's as vulnerable as she is courageous , who makes as many dumb moves as she does smart ones , who , ultimately , discovers she 's more about hearts than minds . Or air time .
This movie is mind-numbing and boring , and its characters , which are based on very real and very interesting human beings , also fall into both of those categories .
Taking its source material from a genuinely fascinating memoir , the screenplay squanders its potential by delivering a middling mash-up of comedy , thriller and war drama .
Entertaining but problematic , WTF almost hits the target but is scuppered by friendly fire .
It gives a clear-eyed view of the human costs of war : the physical sacrifices of the military men and women fighting it , the emotional costs to the journalists who cover it and the psychic toll on the civilians in the middle .
A brilliant supporting cast lifts an otherwise humdrum war comedy .
Intelligence is Tina Fey 's trademark . You could always see it right in the frames she wears for her eyeglasses .
WTF moves with fleet , mostly smart precision , and when it 's repetitive ... it 's meant to emphasize the out-of-body `` Kabubble '' isolation of Kim 's Afghanistan years .
Shooting for Catch-22 they end up instead with something closer to In the Army Now .
A look into how war can change the lives of not only those on the frontlines but those covering an everlasting conflict in a strange land as told by an authentic voice that 's part funny , parts moving , and indeed parts frustrating
Beneath WTF 's ravings lurks a useful invitation to examine the narcissism driving Western journalism and politics .
If Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is n't as incisive or as penetrating as it potentially could have been , for a major studio satirical look at the war in Afghanistan there 's still plenty of food for thought here .
It 's a morally messy premise . Afghanistan is not Colin Firth . War is not Love Actually . And that is the problem with Whiskey Tango Foxtrot , which is overall a charming comedy about a terrible war .
Where the movie around her suffers , Fey is terrific , stretching farther than she ever has -- and she will admit she has n't tried -- and making the whole enterprise worth watching .
Well-made and much more serious than it 's being marketed , `` Whiskey Tango Foxtrot '' gives Tina Fey the chance to flex some acting chops you may not know she possessed
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot never seems to be setting its sights any higher than a story of one woman 's self-discovery . It had the perfect chance to give us something fresh and new , but instead sheepishly recoils just short of the finish line .
Chances are you 'll still respond to the dark wit , but you probably wo n't be , ahem , Lima Yankee Foxtrot Alpha Oscar .
Fey turns in a commendable display to more than prove her worth as a dramatic actress , while she is fortunate enough to be surrounded by accomplished performers making up the supporting roles .
... enjoyable but slightly underwhelming ...
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot ultimately takes fewer risks than its protagonist .
It 's not sharp or funny or scabrous enough to work as a dark comedy and it leaves an uncomfortable taste , in part because Barker never actually broke a story of profound significance . She was the story .
Spiked with gallows humour , it has tonal similarities to MASH , and as such it is an entertaining watch .
Though sold through its slightly misleading trailers as a jaunty Good Morning , Vietnam-type romp the film is a tad more sober and sombre , especially when accounting for the human cost of war .
The film is n't going to give you any deep insight into the situation in Afghanistan a decade ago , but Fey 's character undergoes a journey of growth and keeps you focused .
30 Rock star Tina Fey , left , finds one of her better film roles to date in Whiskey Tango Foxtrot .
It 's a journey of self-belief and discovery signposted just a little too heavily that is saved by more than a smattering of the type of writing that fits Fey like a glove and gives Freeman his best role since Watson .
The script lands a few solid blows for women 's rights and mines a rich vein of humour , tossing up nuggets of both the morbid and deadpan variety .
Kim feels substantially drawn thanks to Fey 's sterling work , but Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is much less successful in the portrayal of its supporting players , many of whom are amalgamations of real people .
All this is perfectly watchable , and there are some nice moments , but the film is fatally undermined by its tonal lurches from knockabout , fish-out-of-water comedy ...
Fey 's character , who has the convincing cynicism of a career journalist , grows in experience as the conflict deepens , and Carlock 's deft debut screenplay ensures that death and absurdity hover on either side of a knife edge .
While its portrayal of the country that it calls home is not strictly authentic , the movie has an element of human truth that carries it over the line .
The film is neither serious enough nor seriously funny . The farce needs to be blacker .
Cutting humour but the film fails to take that final leap .
This effective blend of genial light comedy and intelligent drama is the best thing Fey has done as a film performer by a considerable space .
Breezily paced , deftly plotted , confidently played -- this wildly entertaining dramedy about a desk-bound TV news reporter who impulsively accepts a job in war-torn Afghanistan has plenty to recommend it . Top of that list is Tina Fey ,
With so many ideas in play , the film is never dull . Sometimes it 's also funny , perceptive and nuanced . Things get deeper and dirtier as it rolls on , but not really clearer , in terms of purpose .
-LSB- Fey has -RSB- grown as a performer over the years and handled the emotionally heavy scenes in this film with a more considered and convincing approach , suggesting that one day we could see her in a -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- drama .
Does n't just play for laughs in its exploration of self-fulfilment , camaraderie and gender politics .
Once you 've got over the off-putting aspects , Kim 's personal journey becomes quite engaging , though you may wish the film was a bit meatier politically .
The temptation to overdo the shtick is resisted , making the film an edgy affair
What works best are the amusing personal insights , effectively depicted by Tina Fey , whose central character is trying to not only make some sense of the war , but of her own life
On many levels , the details of the conflict -- convincingly staged in New Mexico -- make for riveting viewing but there are major flaws in the film .
The film offers a fresh look at the adrenaline-laced lifestyle of war correspondents and a timely criticism of TV news . And it delivers some laughs , too .
Awry , intelligent film that combines a classic fish-out-of-water motif with the edgy and politically loaded backdrop of war-torn Afghanistan .
This is unquestionably a case of a true story being adapted as a Tina Fey vehicle , rather than a true story being adapted as itself and Tina Fey rising to meet that truth .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot still shows Fey 's hilarious side , but it 's a satirical take on life as a war correspondent and requires Fey to move through gears from serious to funny and absurd .
Content to wrap up in a politically-neutral and inoffensively tidy fashion that does n't offend our intelligence .
A classic case of a star 's charisma overcoming a screenplay 's shortcomings .
It 's a well-made , thoughtful picture - and a solid showcase for Fey , who comes out of this one looking , for the first time , like an honest-to-goodness movie star .
Comedy for grown-ups that sometimes struggles with its ambitious brief , but always remembers that the best laughs contain the odd shard of shrapnel .
` Whiskey Tango Foxtrot ' proves that Tina Fey has serious acting chops .
Comedienne Tina Fey proves that she 's equally adept at revealing her vulnerability in a dramedy .
Nobody said getting out of Afghanistan would be easy .
As a comedy , the feature is n't laugh-out-loud funny but the filmmakers seem to be aiming for a greater goal here : relevance .
Josh Charles is reliably smarmy as well . If they ever do a Real Genius remake , that guy is your new Dr. Hathaway .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is much more than groin humor . There 's a M * A * S * H-like insolence about these overgrown children at work and play , a boundary-nudging tenor that directors Ficarra and Requa , who wrote Bad Santa , are clearly comfortable with .
The occasional Steve Carell aside , comedians are n't often given the opportunity to flex their dramatic muscles , so it 's nice to see the hilarious Tina Fey playing it straight .
Fey 's resourceful , wry and witty performance-pulls us through time and again .
The economic signal is clear . War is money , but the media ca n't sit at the big table to profit from it anymore .
It 's occasionally brilliant but never seems comfortable .
As war comedies go , Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is no M * A * S * H * , but it still surpasses other recent comedies of this ilk , such as last year 's Rock the Kasbah and Our Brand Is Crisis .
Once you get past the fact that it 's not the comedy its trailers imply , Whiskey Tango Foxtrot has some unexpected strengths .
112 minutes of insensitive cultural stereotypes , casting that 'd make the bigots who inspired #OscarsSoWhite proud and shots of dogs humping . Seriously . I lost count of the number of times the directors cut to close-ups of hounds going to town . WTF indeed .
This feminist war dramedy ... is a vanity project done right .
The movie seems to lack a solid point of view ; it basically offers a series of vignettes without any unifying theme or common thread - except that these adrenaline junkies in a foreign land drink and screw around a lot . ...
... mix of scattershot humor , battlefield carnage and sentimentality makes us pine for a full-on satire of gonzo war correspondents . Think Joker in third act of Kubrick 's ` Full Metal Jacket . '
In the end , Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is too watered-down and formulaic to be what the source material suggests it could have been : a pitch-black surreal comedy on the order of Robert Altman 's M.A.S.H. .
This film does n't try to shy itself from the intentions it pulls from start to finish . It 's not extremely rewarding , but it is fun and enjoyable for whoever loves Tina Fey ...
Kim 's soul-searching is at the heart of it all , and when the movie is focused on her relatable dilemmas it 's better than when it 's not .
Tina Fey is fine as real-life Afghanistan and Pakistan reporter Kim Baker . The rest of the movie is not so fine .
As I was an infantry soldier in Afghanistan , the situational comedy related to Fey being in danger , or experiencing some mild hardship was just too slight . I kept wanting to say to the film , `` Hell , that 's nothing ... ''
-LSB- Tina -RSB- Fey delivers a performance that 's complex and restrained , and it 's easily her best work in a feature film to date .
... does n't provide much insight into the conflict or into wartime media coverage , but does offer a sporadically amusing glimpse into the camaraderie away from the front lines .
Writer and actress tilt between insecurity and bravado , employing dry , observational humour tinged with occasional sentimental flashes only outwardly out of character .
Tina Fey shines in her delicately balanced role of journalist . Kim Baker , moving seamless between comedy and drama .
Tina Fey is the biggest asset but even she 's not sufficient to make it worth more than a marginal recommendation and a suggestion to wait until it shows up on home video .
a subversively provocative story , done with an arch sensibility and a whole lot of savvy
The film strikes a gentle tone of fish-out-of-water ridiculousness ; think `` Jarhead '' meets `` Lost in Translation '' .
We now know the size of the bite Tina Fey can take out of a meaty role . Feed her .
John Requa and Glenn Ficarra strike a nice balance between `` war is hell '' and absurdist comedy
The half-jokey , half-serious dynamic that works so well in The Big Short - where laughs get caught in your throat - fails to find its groove here .
Aside from a couple of tone-deaf casting choices , Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a funny and illuminating story of female empowerment in the malest of environments .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is an uneven , but otherwise passable wartime comedy/drama anchored by Tina Fey 's performance .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a tall glass of dark comedy mixed with serious drama , a drink far more delicious than trailers lead one to believe .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a tragic lark , and an enjoyable enough experience . But it winds up feeling like about half a story , and not always the more meaningful or satisfying half .
I was mostly on board with Whiskey Tango Foxtrot until its third act , when it completely derails . Kim , confronted with a serious personal crisis , does something that 's frankly unbelievable and baffling .
Overall , the movie skims the surface of a potentially sharp satire or a compelling self-discovery journey with an underserved Tina Fey . It 's not enough .
It nails the lingo of embedded journalists , the intoxication of dangerous assignments , and , ultimately , the need to reconnect to `` real life , '' whatever that is .
Fey 's work is strong , yet it 's difficult to squash the impression that this could be a more powerful movie , and an even more significant showcase for Tina Fey .
A dramedy that compels us to take a hard look at our Mars-like capacities and our addictions to adrenaline-sparking situations .
... deftly mixes comedy with adventure and romance to make this an extremely well-rounded film .
Fey ca n't save this disjointed , war comedy .
Tina Fey grounds the movie in something real , something urgent and human , and she nearly single-handedly saves the movie from itself . The movie itself is n't particularly serious , but she sure as hell is .
While it opens wonderfully , Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is never able to quite find solid footing . It has some great performances and moments that are both heartbreaking and/or humorous .
Directors Glenn Ficarra and John Requa move things along fast enough to keep -LSB- the problem aspects -RSB- from sinking in too deeply , and star Tina Fey holds the spotlight with aplomb .
Tina Fey is so good that you can forget that WHISKEY TANGO FOXTROT is a bit mediocre and myopic .
Funny in places but not really a comedy . This one gives Tina Fey a chance to show off her acting chops . She 's fabulous .
Fey is fine in the role and shows solid signs of expanding beyond her current comedy trappings , but I wish the script gave her more opportunities to explore the character . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - Available -RRB-
A shrewdly observed character piece accentuated by Tina Fey 's likely career-best performance .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is part rom-com , part memoir , and part apolitical social statement . Imagine a special crossover episode between 30 Rock and M * A * S * H.
`` Whiskey Tango Foxtrot '' is interesting and mildly entertaining , but not much else .
Compelling but uneven dramedy has swearing , drinking , more .
... It 's far from a lightweight , whimsical romp .
The laughs are scattered , the emotions are muted , and the politics are largely toothless . Yet it still does n't take much squinting to see the M * A * S * H that might have been .
The whole thing feels booby-trapped . Almost every single expectation is greeted with a smile and a squeeze of gunfire as a rim shot .
Surprisingly gritty . Tina Fey 's best big-screen work .
Expecting Tina Fey to bash the War on Terror and a certain president in Whiskey Tango Foxtrot ? Think again .
-LSB- T -RSB- his feels like a thematic juggling act .
Given the theme , the unfocused , scattershot narrative of `` WTF '' is understandable . While this may frustrate some viewers , the film works largely through an endearing performance by Tina Fey .
As dry as an opened pack of military rations left to bake under the Kabul sun .
The movie attempts what may be the impossible : grafting a romantic comedy onto a war story , with go-girl uplift and some awkward cultural observations lashed on for bad measure .
A war-set comedy-drama as messy and ineffective as an Afghan suicide donkey .
An efficient wartime dramedy about middle-aged restlessness and the bubbles we build to distract ourselves from real life .
Fey has her moments , and so does `` Whiskey Tango Foxtrot . '' But for a performer who still deserves some big-screen respect , her war-movie comedy still feels a little small-screen , a little timid , a little safe .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is n't a great movie , but it is something rare and important : a woman 's story of self-discovery - having nothing to do with her finding a husband - that has gotten room on the big screen .
Fey gives an impressively sensitive dramatic performance .
The film ... rests in a tidiness that 's at odds with the messiness of the milieu . And even when we are exposed to glimpses of wartime violence and menace , it 's undercut by fuzzy platitudes near the end of the film .
If this role is n't remembered as THE signature moment when we came to think of Tina Fey as an award-level dramatic actor as well as an iconic comic force , it 's a substantial step in that direction .
A scattered comedy-drama with few laughs and even fewer insights .
The movie plays like a global-political farce made by people who 've never left the Upper West Side .
Tina Fey gets her best role since playing Sarah Palin on Saturday Night Live .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot does n't serve -LSB- Fey -RSB- fully , but this is her best work yet on the feature screen . It 's a pleasure to see her come into her own as a movie star while playing a woman who must travel far afield to discover her strength and courage .
Entertaining in bursts , though lacking insight
I was rooting for it so hard that I told myself I liked it even as it missed one mark after another . But in the end it 's just shapeless and apolitical .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is powered by a more restrained Tina Fey , who ditches overly gag-filled comedy for one of her finest performances yet .
There are n't enough movies in which Tina Fey fires an AK-47 while grinning maniacally .
While rarely dull , Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is forever changing direction .
It 's a movie where the subtler small scenes resonate more than the clunkier big ones .
Fey finds a perfect middle ground between sarcasm and vulnerability .
The movie never makes up its mind what it wants to be , so it just chases the nearest emotion it can grab without ever earning it .
Co-directors Glenn Ficarra and John Requa botch the juxtaposition of comic and dramatic elements in Whiskey Tango Foxtrot .
Tone deafness abides .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot treats the war as if it were a geographic feature of Afghanistan , where nature has set forth mountains , deserts , and chaotic bloodshed .
Mordantly funny .
The questions posed about journalistic ethics , personal integrity , and the problematic high of wartime reporting are all worth considering .
We may need grander statements about our forays into the Middle East , but we can use movies like Whiskey Tango Foxtrot , too .
Tina Fey , the film 's producer and star , keeps getting better and better in each of those positions . Here she hits a new high mark in both .
There 's a sharp comedy to be made about America 's misadventures in Afghanistan . This is n't it .
I found it flawed but fascinating , and a no-fail showcase for Tina Fey 's real talents as a serious actress . Best of all , this movie is never boring for a single minute .
The picture is content with mild , obvious plot points , and in the end even descends into clichéd action-movie mode and uplifting emotional catharsis .
Its feminist perspective checkmates the frat-boy misogyny and machismo that too often mar films set in combat zones .
True to its title , as well as its flawed but sympathetic protagonist , `` Whiskey Tango Foxtrot '' is more confused than cynical or opportunistic . Its bewilderment is contagious , and ultimately endearing .
A girl-power comedy with a bold twist : The timid heroine blossoms in Afghanistan , one of the most female-unfriendly countries on earth .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is entertaining sometimes , but if you 're looking for any real insight , you 're looking in the wrong place .
The film itself feels uncertain , compromised and tentative . Those are very different qualities than brash , or bracing , or provocative .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot '' is a likable construction that points its star in a new direction without ever quite making a point .
`` Whiskey Tango Foxtrot '' is by far Tina Fey 's best movie . It makes use of her comic sense , but also of her watchful wariness and underlying wistfulness .
`` Whiskey Tango Foxtrot '' is a pretty funny movie . Then , it 's a not-bad drama . Then , it 's a wacky comedy . Then , it 's a tedious romance . Then , I 'm not exactly sure what it 's trying to do .
The filmmaking fails to draw this material together in a cohesive way , and the resulting fragmentation feels more like a side effect than a skillful style choice .
Thanks to Fey , as well as the other actors , it has grit . But it does n't have teeth .
By far the best feature film in which Tina Fey has played the lead .
That Tina Fey is funny is a given . That she gets inside the tangled mind of a complex woman on a perpetual hot seat is something new .
The narrative often feels more like a raunchy sex comedy than a bird 's - eye view of the on-the-job hazards that Barker routinely faced .
It wobbles in terms of an authentic feel , yet there 's no doubt Fey succeeds in her most serious big-screen outing yet .
A dramedy that teems with sharp -LRB- and , yes , often funny -RRB- details about life in the epicenter of wartime , more human than joke machine , even if that 's eventually to a fault .
Fey and the cast try to anchor Whiskey Tango Foxtrot , which was shot in New Mexico , a not-entirely convincing double for Afghanistan . Despite everyone 's best efforts , the end result is a war in which everyone - and especially the audience - loses .
Fey finds a depth in this character that her comedy roles seldom offer ... I have a hunch it 's a better and different movie than you probably expect .
Strange movie . And despite the presence of Tina Fey playing its lead character , a cable-TV reporter named Kim Baker , it 's not a funny one .
There 's so much to enjoy and appreciate about this movie , especially after the awful Rock the Kasbah .
It 's not up to the level of a M.A.S.H. or Catch-22 but has several moments of sustained brilliance .
Ficarra and Requa do n't always have the firmest grip on storytelling needs , but they manage to find life in the middle of Hell , with `` Foxtrot '' achieving levels of entertainment other pictures of this ilk have failed to acquire .
A triumph . A smart and absurdly funny movie that takes a different view of the war in Afghanistan . Tina Fey is terrific in a different kind of role , and Martin Freeman steals it .
It 's like a dud hand grenade in that at first glance it looks like it could blast but soon it 's clear there 's no pop .
A small , syncopated movie that immerses , even if it offers only a glance .
A galling , casually offensive , and deeply unsatisfying film .
Tina Fey does a lot to carry this Afghanistan-set war comedy through some rough patches .
In her most impressive role to date , Tina Fey plays a journalist in the throes of an identity crisis . Alas , her movie has one too .
Fey 's female-driven comedy , written and directed by men , follows the tradition perfected by Evelyn Waugh in his 1938 novel Scoop . While his fish outta water story is hysterically funny and enduring ; the forgettable WTF only delivers an occasional chuckle .
Tina Fey 's funniest , most pointed big screen outing .
Should a movie about reporting from such a deeply troubled country really be this entertaining ?
Too sane and predictable to be effective satire , nor should you expect the surrealism of a `` Dr. Strangelove '' or the humor of a `` Mash . ''
By the time Fey is able to say the words , `` This is not about you , '' the comedy owns the feminism it always had . The war scenes are only so-so , but it wins a bigger battle .
WTF is essentially Eat Pray Love for embeds , filled with jokes and sight gags that are repeated to ever stonier spectator silence .
What work better in the movie are mostly smaller moments : the jokes that land , the rapport between the reporters , and all the weirdly ordinary ways people manage to find a new normal , even in the most WTF circumstances .
Impossible to hate because of its appealing cast and peppy script . But it 's just not dramatic or funny enough to be memorable . Instead , it 's just meh .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is basically a drama , being marketed as a comedy , that 's a lot better than you probably think it is and finally gives Tina Fey a worthwhile lead role in a film .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot features a terrific star turn from Tina Fey , which in turn elevates a somewhat generic -LRB- but pointed and entertaining -RRB- fish-out-of-water story .
The filmmakers keep to the surface of the bluntly rowdy story while conveying apolitical layers of regret and exasperation , in wanly comic and affectingly melodramatic action alike .
There are no surprises or hitherto untapped resources mined here .
The movie never quite shakes off a glib , incurious outsider 's perspective that can tilt into outright cluelessness , particularly where some of its more egregious casting choices are concerned .
It 's wiser than the confusion its title suggests , and it pushes Fey toward a film career that 's as uncompromising , unpredictable and intelligent as her TV work .

@highlight

While WTF is far from FUBAR , Tina Fey and Martin Freeman are just barely enough to overcome the picture 's glib predictability and limited worldview .