An orgiastic celebration of Glee concocted by its own creators ... sort of like the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade , but with more hot air . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
The Glee gang puts on a respectable show ... and an exciting , inspirational , and allusion-filled one , if you 're a fan .
Time to get your Gleek on ! If you understand that sentence , you 'll probably want to see this show . If you 're scratching your head , maybe it 's time you became acquainted with a television series that 's a bona fide phenomenon .
The kids from Glee take to the concert stage in Glee 3D Concert Movie , singing and dancing and smiling to beat the band .
Glee leaps past antiseptic politeness or political correctness-it 's got its crosshairs on self-acceptance and personal pride , and the film proves the agenda is working .
There could be worse things than seeing this film again : experiencing extraordinary rendition in the company of Dick Cheney , for instance .
Hardcore Gleeks will probably thrill at this 3-D concert film , but the more casual viewer , drawn to the Fox TV show 's snarky and sweet storylines and its campy aesthetic , wo n't find much to chew on here .
Fans of the television series may be more uplifted than this carping critic .
I 'm afraid my heart was n't warmed by their tales of personal growth , and I ca n't forgive the cast for what they did to that Journey song .
I found the film insufferable .
The set is big , cheap and nasty . The cast are as choreographed behind-the-scenes as on stage .
The zing of the performances and choreography pull it through , and it 's hard not to emerge on a sherbety high .
... even those who resist the show 's charms may have a good time .
It may lack storytelling ambition , but as an exercise in toe-tapping entertainment it gets the job done .
Be still Glee-ful hearts , as this concert doc packs all the energy of the small screen show and makes it ... bigger .
The Glee phenomenon hits the big screen with this oddly conceived movie , which documents the social phenomenon but reveals nothing about the series or actors beyond the songs they sing .
Unless you 're the rare ` Glee ' fan who fast-forwards through the singing , ` Glee : The Concert Movie ' wo n't fail to entertain .
Cynical , prepackaged and naggingly problematic cash-in exercise that earns points for perkiness but wo n't win over non-fans and may leave some die hard Gleeks feeling short-changed .
If you 're a lover of the series , this is your summer cherry . If you 're a hater or apathetic -LRB- I 'm apathetic plus -RRB- , it 's first-rate fluff .
From the matter-of-fact title to the slushie-drenched end credit crawl , it does n't pretend to be for anyone but viewers of television series .
The perfect concert movie - lots of songs , an interesting side story , and the actors stay in character all the way through the film
If you 're a fan , you 'll love it . If you 're not a fan , you probably wo n't be seeing it anyway .
Fake and emotionally manipulative , it 's aimed specifically at fanatic Gleeks .
This movie almost makes me ashamed to be a Gleek . When did Glee become pretentious , pompous and preachy ?
No one involved seems the least bit worried that a show about social outcasts has become an engine for conformity and consumption .
The movie is chiefly just a cash-grab hymnal to the choir , but briskly paced enough to still remain inoffensive to those outside of its prescribed demographic .
Fast Gleeky fun in 24-song barrage , if that 's your thing . But we could we please put an end to Jessie 's Girl ?
I 'm still not a Gleek , but I can see what all the fuss is about .
The movie makes a strong argument for the tender paradox of pop-culture adoration . It 's an affection that feels wholly personal , but is shared with millions .
The 3D Concert Movie is by and large for Gleeks only .
The television hit Glee will inevitably jump the shark - or dance over it - as pop culture phenomena do . A decade from now , people may wonder what all the fuss was about . More folks than Gleeks choose to believe exist are wondering that now .
The layers of artifice are many , but they always are ; the original show has never aspired to be anything but a cheeky , tuneful and multicultural spin on hoary high school stereotypes .
Here is the problem : If you separate these kids from their characters , if you remove their showtunes from the storylines that make them so dazzling in the fantasy-reality play of the series , then Glee is stripped of its core appeal .
Do n't be puzzled ; just go with it -- that 's the Glee spirit .
With touching real-life underdog stories woven through the concert , Glee : 3D hits all the right notes , even if the 3-D was completely unnecessary .
` Greatest hits ' show is tame enough for tween Gleeks .
Following in the live-film footsteps of Miley Cyrus and the Jonas Brothers , Glee : The 3D Concert Movie transposes its flash-in-the-pan teen-pop phenomenon to three-dimensions with mundane , for-fans-only results .
You know you want that slushee in your face -LRB- in 3D -RRB- , Gleeks !
A gleeful good time if Glee is your thing .
Quite painless , and , what 's more , a whole lotta fun , with many moments of pure musical electricity .
You 'll have to be an old curmudgeon not to fall prey to the energy and , at times , terrific vocal talent on display . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
This is no `` Shine a Light '' and the execution of the concert footage is pedestrian . But ... it is meant for the fans and no one else .
This is n't really a Glee movie as much as it is a movie about how everybody loves Glee . And because of that important distinction , the real theme of the party is `` Let 's gloat over our own success '' and it 'll leave non-fans no way in .
The splendidly mixed and visually overstimulating movie might make your head explode on the spot , Scanners style .
I thought I was over `` Glee '' and 3D . I was wrong on both counts .
Entertaining even for non-GLEEKERS ...
One of the many self-actualized real-life Gleeks featured in `` Glee : The 3-D Concert Movie '' tells the audience , `` Be proud of yourself . Do n't be afraid . Stand up for what you believe in . '' OK . I stand for hating `` Glee . ''
I do n't really like `` Glee '' the TV show . I do really like `` Glee : The 3D Concert Movie . ''
Even Gleeks who love to watch seasoned showbiz belters pretend to be high school kids on the hit TV series Glee may wince at the cheesy marketing angle of Glee the 3D Concert Movie .
Glorified karaoke it may be , but there 's no doubt Glee 's mush of pop covers and show tunes fills a kitsch niche for millions .
There 's something a little off about a stage show that features well-paid actors reenacting `` loser '' characters -LSB- that -RSB- fans take to heart , before leaving in what were surely limos and jets .
-LSB- It -RSB- would have worked just as well as a heavily promoted special television event broadcast over Thanksgiving weekend .
It 's a relief to be free from many of the `` Glee '' series ' narrative dead-ends and it 's possible that Heather Morris performing `` Slave 4 U '' was why 3D was invented .
The visual equivalent of a souvenir concert T-shirt that is worn a few times and then eventually tossed into a closet by its owner when they eventually move on to the next big fad
Bungles everything that 's basically appealing about concerts , movies , 3D technology and even the TV show Glee itself .
Even as a concert movie , there are some stumbles .
The 3-D ... is negligibly bedazzling when the high-wattage charm of natural showman Darren Criss - leading all-male group the Warblers as Blaine - and the effortlessly appealing Chris Colfer as Kurt already pop off the screen .
Even the uninitiated could do a lot worse than this 80-minute musical valentine to the outsider in us all .
Even the totally Gleeked-out , most ardent fans of Fox 's hit television show Glee may find that the franchise 's latest endeavor leaves little to sing about .
A package that viewers who have made the show a phenomenon will undoubtedly embrace , but is unlikely to convert the still-uninitiated .
Gather up , Gleeks , `` Raise Your Glass '' and get ready for `` Fireworks ! '' The musical TV series about a high school show choir is now poised to move from hit to cult .
You get the feeling that you 're actually there , with the best seat in the house .
Even die-hard fans will cover their ears in protest .
Granted , if you lack even the tiniest amount of fondness for Glee , this movie is n't going to win you over . But if you prefer your Katy Perry songs sung by Lea Michele or the Warblers , you 're in for a seat-dancing good time .
With few exceptions , ` Glee 's ' song and dance numbers work a lot better when integrated into the plots of the television series .
Sprinkles only a few highlights of real musical talent through an otherwise blatant pat-on-the-back montage .
I 'm calling bullsh ** on this 3D concert movie . The movie plays like an evangelical prayer meeting , though I 'd hold the hallelujahs .
It strains to celebrate diversity and individualism , while its processed music exemplifies strict corporate teamwork .
`` Glee : The 3D Concert Movie '' is as normal as spin-offs aimed at your wallet get , which is to say it 's substandard in most departments .
The Fox TV phenomenon is the Lewis & Clark of discovering new revenue streams . And this big-screen iteration is just as buoyant and bright-eyed as the rest of the franchise .
The film is as emotionally manipulative as the show , but it 's never appeared more truthful in its aspiration to inspire-and profit in the process .
The title promises a concert movie , in 3-D , based on the show Glee , and the film delivers precisely that , in a way that I believe is sure to overjoy fans of the show .
The potential to bring Harry Shum Jr. 's sweet dance moves into the third dimension is wasted , and unlike Jon M. Chu 's dynamically-lensed Justin Bieber : Never Say Never concert doc , Glee 3D feels disappointingly flat .
Hypocritical Gleekaganda ... Makes Justin Bieber : Never Say Never look like Inception .
Glee : 3D is not good enough , it 's not smart enough , and doggone it , well , you get the gist .
While the show 's characters perpetually angst over the haters , the show itself ignores them , keeps grinning and counting the revenue streams , and sings out for everyone who 's drunk the Kool-Aid . There are worse philosophies .
If you 're not a fan of the series , you might want to look elsewhere , but for those of us who enjoy the show , this bouncy , high-energy documentary/concert movie is a refreshing reminder of what the show does best .
Is it calculated ? For sure . But it does what it needs to do to please its target audience . Everyone else may as well surrender to the juggernaut .
None of these haters are likely to be won over by Glee The 3D Concert Movie , a cheerfully pure pop experience designed for fans first and everyone else ... well , whatever .
A vigorous documentary putting on display the youthful energy , talent , and respect for diversity of the singing and dancing cast members of TV 's popular Glee series .
It 's entertaining at face value , but they never let it be just that .
It 's a thin feature , but undeniably entertaining , providing the fanbase with the colorful , boppy good time they 've been longing for during the summer hiatus .
Sure , it 's flamboyant and saccharine , but with all the cast in top form , this is also infectious , uplifting , and occasionally stirring stuff .
A high-school talent show , no doubt , but , at its best , well worth glorifying .
Haters , head for the door . But Gleeks ? Get your `` Glee '' on .
Gleeks unite for song , dance and screams
Sing , dance and be a Gleek ; whether you 're black , yellow , white or gay , straight or unsure , fat , thin , short , tall , Glee will help you proudly celebrate it .
Whether you 're a seasoned Gleek or new to the pop-culture phenomenon that began as a TV musical series , you 'll be tapping your feet and humming along in this upbeat , energetic 3D concert movie



@highlight

The unconverted will remain just as perplexed as ever , but for gleeful Gleeks , The 3D Concert Movie delivers exactly what it promises .