The heart of the film and ensemble , however , is Adam Butcher . If there 's any justice , this guy could have a hell of a career . Highly recommended .
What writer-director Michael McGowan has pulled off is a bit of a miracle .
For the jaded moviegoer , here 's a little film that just might restore your faith -- in movies and a whole lot more .
A likable little underdog-triumphs drama from Canada ... This is a case where my idealistic side won out over my cynical side .
Butcher carries the film well , interpreting Ralph as a tangle of mixed-up yearnings tempered with an indomitable drive .
The comic aspects of this comedy-drama are overly broad and forced , while the supposedly dramatic ones are cloying and treacly .
This wincingly earnest comedy-drama could rival the maple tree as Canada 's leading producer of sap .
A hooey-slathered film that combines the Catholic school humor of ` Do Black Patent Leather Shoes Really Reflect Up ? ' with the rah-rah uplift of an underdog sports story .
An overly convenient plot is the main con in Ralph , which includes a devastating fire , an assist from a celebrity and at least one miracle , all of which show up exactly when the plot needs help moving forward .
Canadian writer-director Michael McGowan has packed it so full of earnestness that viewers end up jogging along .
Ralph may be more a sinner than a saint , and his movie may be a little cheesy , but who cares - I thoroughly enjoyed following him on his quest .
... a small , straightforward story that has its heart in the right place , even if its hokey sentimentality keeps it from reaching the finish line .
The movie rests on -LRB- Adam -RRB- Butcher , and the actor proves to be a well-rounded smart aleck in the making .
If McGowan pushes the religious themes too hard , his greatest sin is that he leads you to believe that the story is true .
Funny , touching and uplifting .
It 's all very cute and predictable . Still it 's a fun movie ...
Pushes itself as strenuously as its young protagonist , but ultimately collapses in a welter of sentiment , cuteness and whimsy .
It 's worth seeking out this bittersweet comedy with its emotionally resonant story and stellar performances .
McGowan 's film demonstrates how sometimes the strongest acts of faith can only occur entirely outside the church .
Even when it 's pushing the limits of shameless manipulation , this cheeky Canadian film has charm and wit .
The lack of condescension , the decent jokes and an absolutely terrific performance by Butcher make Saint Ralph an honest-to-God crowd-pleaser .
You ca n't argue with the message . But its well-worn homilies might give you reason to question the messenger .
It 's hard to dislike schmaltz as mild as Saint Ralph , but let 's try : The film is as bland as a communion wafer , sentimental as a Christmas homily , and predictable as the liturgy .
What began as a too familiar coming-of-age story set in an all-boys Catholic school steadily morphs into something arguably as familiar but more satisfying -- a triumphant sports tale .
Your interest is bound to fade long before Ralph does .
Writer-director Michael McGowan must be exhausted after all the tugging he does on our heartstrings in this sentimental drama .
Writer-director Michael McGowan proves there 's a reason people keep making underdog sports movies .
Saint Ralph sticks , for the most part , to the road less traveled , delivering a droll feel-good movie that has a little something to say about modern-day miracles .
As predictably uplifting movies go , Saint Ralph is n't completely charmless .
It succeeds in flashes , but the movie 's mixture of humor and inspirational fluff never quite meshes .
Occasionally , a movie that makes only the faintest blip , if any , on the hype radar just shows up and gets it right .
Going beyond the never-say-die concept , McGowan paints an evocative picture of provincial life and mostly steers clear of cliche .
Michael McGowan 's conventionally heartwarming underdog drama does n't miss a cliche on the eccentric troublemaker 's rocky road to sainthood .
I feel guilty criticizing it because it 's about a kid running a marathon to save his mom from dying of cancer . CANCER , for crying out loud ! What am I supposed to do with that ?
Saint Ralph is the kind of movie that makes you see why people can believe in miracles .
Saint Ralph has all the elements of a sapfest waiting to happen , but it never does , instead delivering its heart with solid doses of harshness and humor
You might shed a few tears at the tender moments between Ralph and his comatose mother , but you 'll laugh and chuckle and feel good far more often .
An amiable sentimental fantasy , joining running , religion and a boy with a whole lot of problems into an earnest production that entertains even as it milks some of its situations for all they 're worth .
Touches the heart in unexpected ways .
This crude , inspirational tear-jerker is as sweet as a bowl of instant oatmeal smothered in molasses .
Written with the glee of a scheming Catholic schoolboy , but its geniality outstrips its plausibility .
A tart and tender comedy that pulls off a little miracle of its own by being genuinely heartwarming without leaving any cloyingly sticky emotional residue .
This deliciously offbeat Canadian comedy gets its charm from marvelous acting and from a screenplay bursting with ideas .
McGowan employs well-apportioned measures of droll humor and emotional urgency while spinning the story of Ralph Walker .
This coming-of-age - comedy/period piece hits every cliched note in the underdog canon , yet still manages to involve , thanks to top-quality acting and sensible choices on the part of writer/director Michael McGowan .
A charmer with heart .
-LSB- The -RSB- film never runs out of surprises .
Both refreshingly realistic and charmingly implausible at the same time . A real miracle , indeed .
Light lessons about pain , endurance , and commitment ... Likeable to a point , but in the end , Saint Ralph winds up incredible , manipulative , and strictly for the choir .
Michael McGowan 's direction is as flat as an asphalt road , and his script is gasping for air long before it enters the final stretch .
A heartfelt story about a teenager who proves that ordinary individuals can do extraordinary things through strong intention and a little help from their friends .
It 's as if Max Fischer from Rushmore turned , mid-movie , into Billy Elliot .
Saint Ralph is content paying lip service to Catholicism , choosing instead to pander to fans of anyone who got off during Children of Heaven and Millions .
Ralph Walker is no Max Fischer , and his monomania gets dull fast .
Captures the feel of a relatively uncomplicated era and draws us into another impossible dream .
McGowan 's film is n't just about following this boy 's private quest to accomplish the impossible . It is also about how he affects the other characters in the film .
Never develops any bite or tension .
A fine , small movie that deserves a long run .
Writer/director Michael McGowan 's feel for his underdog narrative seamlessly melds humour and heartache .
Thanks to the charm brought to the role of Ralph by young Adam Butcher , and strong performances from Campbell Scott , Gordon Pinsent , Jennifer Tilly and Shauna MacDonald , credibility is achieved .
It 's a heartwarming film that celebrates the healing power of innocence and faith .
Unrepentant hokum .
The first twenty minutes of Saint Ralph seem more like a primer on the up-close-and-personal art of adolescent self abuse than subtle narrative exposition .






@highlight

Saint Ralph is an amiable tear-jerker that walks a fine line between being inspirational and being hokum .