While Aladdin holds up as a beautifully animated motion picture with awesome songs , there 's a major flaw in casting non-Persians .
The film 's conspicuously irreverent style suggests that , blithe offenses aside , writer-directors Ron Clements and John Musker ... have their heart in the right place : firmly situated in the anarchic comic tradition of Warner Brothers ' Looney Tunes .
With its unforgettable story , outstanding voice acting , and beautiful score and songs , Aladdin ranks as one of Disney 's very best animated classics .
Disney 's last real masterpiece
While there 's no doubt Williams brings a new level of energy to the picture , I 'm not sure this Middle-Eastern folk tale is enhanced by a Marlon Brando impersonation .
Aladdin is a film of wonders . To see it is to be the smallest child , open-mouthed at the screen 's sense of magic , as well as the most knowing adult , eager to laugh at some surprisingly sly humor .
What makes this animated feature such intense , giddy fun is the eruption of uninhibited parody that Robin Williams provides as the voice of the Genie in Aladdin 's lamp .
Aladdin is a marvel of the cartoonist 's art .
Disney 's latest animated feature is a thoroughly satisfying musical-comedy romp .
Forget about the lamp . Aladdin is all anyone could wish for in holiday entertainment .
Aladdin also has an uncommonly bold color scheme -- neon shades of red , orange and blue give this picture a dazzling look not found in previous Disney cartoons .
Aladdin manages to be spectacular without seeming gratuitous or pretentious .
This hilariously hip and thoroughly gorgeous motion picture is nothing less than the crowning achievement -- so far -- of Disney 's revitalized animation department .
Sweetly spirited , brightly funny and forthrightly romantic , this variation on the classic myth would rank among the most enjoyable Disney animated features even without Robin Williams ' contribution .
An instant classic and a massive hit , it emboldened Michael Eisner 's outfit to go further , weirder , darker .
It 's shallow as a puddle , but lots o ' fun .
Robin Williams 's vocal performance as the Genie steals the show in this beautifully constructed Disney animation , his ad-libbing a perfect match for the wonderful visuals .
Still one of the best Disney animated films ever made ...
A magic carpet ride of a movie from Disney .
It 's awfully close to being a great story , but it keeps having to settle for pretty darn good .
The results are fun and fast moving , but far from sublime .
It juggles a '90s impudence with the old Disney swank and heart .
Grants all three wishes and some more besides with a brilliant turn from Williams ' genie and some beautiful animation .
Floridly beautiful , shamelessly derivative and infused with an irreverent , sophisticated comic flair thanks to Robin Williams ' vocal calisthenics ...
My favourite Disney movie
Visually , it 's a treat , a perfect marriage of hi-tech graphics and the traditional Disney virtue of strong characterisation and colour .
Filme irreverente e com bons trabalhos vocais de Williams e Gottfried , embora pouco ambicioso dos pontos de vista narrativo e técnico .
... earns its status as a Disney classic ...
Evoking wonder and magic , Disney 's animated version of the famous fable benefits from the melodic score , Robin Williams ' voice as Genie , and a colorful gallery of supporting characters .
If just for Robin Williams shenanigans !
Twelve years old and still charming .
A satisfying little gem .
The humor quotient is high -- for that , thank the duplicitous parrot Iago , the mischievous monkey Abu and , of course , Robin Williams ' motormouth Genie -- while the sinister vizier Jafar oozes the right measure of villainy .
The least spurious movie of Disney 's renaissance
Its ethnic `` white '' noise is really just an excuse for Robin Williams to put on the most elaborate , narcissistic circus act in the history of cinema .
Williams makes 1992 's Aladdin appealing for adults as well as for children and establishes the musical-adventure as a Disney classic .
Charming and decent Disney , wisely buoyed up by Williams and his frenetic self .
One of the more charming entries in the Disney canon . Williams is a riot as the genie .
the film 's style and energy will outlast more technically advanced imitators
Let it share its ` whole new world with you . '
Though the lead characters are , as usual , bland , they 're compensated for by a cheeky , entertaining supporting cast .
A fun ride , ultimately disposable but entertaining to watch
One of those rare animated films that really is for all ages .
The fundamentals here go beyond first-rate : animation both gorgeous and thoughtful , several wonderful songs and a wealth of funny minor figures on the sidelines , practicing foolproof Disney tricks .
The combination of Williams ' hilarious schtick and the wonderful cartoon artwork is a real winner .
Forget about beasts and lions , this is Disney 's greatest animated achievement of the 1990s .
One of Disney 's very best animated films .
Upbeat animated musical version of the classical story from '' The Arabian Nights . ''
So funny and scrappy you do n't need to drag a kid along .
Much of the humor comes courtesy of Williams , who deserves -LRB- but wo n't get -RRB- an Oscar nomination for his vocal versatility .
Robin Williams and animation were born for one another , and in Aladdin they finally meet .
There 's a good chance you 're going to enjoy Aladdin more than the children .
A magic carpet ride , a flight aboard a supersonic little Persian steered by all the wishes that ever were .
A satisfying film that will keep the whole family laughing .
The jokes appeal to all levels of humor but the merriment is so constant that no tastes feel slighted .
Williams really cuts loose , impersonating dozens of celebrities with his one-of-a-kind comic aplomb .
A solid disappointment .
Those of you expecting the comfy family-sedan ride of Beauty and the Beast are in for a shock-the immensely enjoyable Aladdin roars off the Disney production line like the latest-model sports car .












@highlight

A highly entertaining entry in Disney 's renaissance era , '' Aladdin is beautifully drawn , with near-classic songs and a cast of scene-stealing characters .