The title of this film may seem weakly generic , but this is a sharply pointed drama that uses an allegorical structure to strong effect .
The Journey is here to give the world a shred of hope as it follows a fictitious account of Northern Ireland political archenemies finding a pleasant level of common ground
Simplistic ... despite the travelers ' talent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a film that shows us that it is possible to make peace with opposing parties .
Spall does n't have the physical size to totally convince as Paisley but Meaney is terrific as McGuinness , and while the end result is both wordy and not always believable , I found it fascinating and deeply moving .
The film references the facts of the Troubles , but primarily pursues the question of why-after 40 years of conflict , hatred , and recrimination-are they able to find compromise and cooperation at this particular moment ?
There is no political urgency , but the premise of the meeting is simplified in a complacent narrative with solvent protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film pleasing and suitable for all tastes , timid in its revisionist observations of history and full of a manipulative emotional load . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the great political transitions has been re-imagined as a concise road trip in a pastiche of the sort of political play Peter Morgan might have written as a two-hander for the smaller stage . As a film , it does n't open out .
The Journey offers moments of humor and waltzes of grace and anger in a film of an imagined journey .
The Journey often feels more like wishful thinking than a credible recreation of real-life events .
The message is clear . If these two bitter foes can achieve some kind of common ground , maybe there is hope for the other trouble spots in the world .
Even if you do n't know much about the Troubles , you can still admire the excellent acting in The Journey , but if you have some knowledge of the context , you 'll enjoy it a lot more .
The Journey does not claim to be historical fact , but that does n't make the creatively intelligent fiction it muses on any less fascinating .
`` The Journey '' has fun playing make believe , but its execution cheapens history and distills fundamental ideological differences into treacly teachable moments .
A very entertaining , enjoyable and engrossing journey .
Spall and Meaney are fantastic , Spall 's seemingly overblown portrayal of the blustering Bible-basher Paisley more on-point than you would care to believe , with Meaney selling McGuinness as a thoroughly nice chap .
-LSB- A -RSB- likeably droll , if all-too-pat and unchallenging , film ...
Despite occasional plodding , The Journey 's overall message is more important now than ever .
With precious cargo like Spall and Meaney to transport , even Freddie Highmore behind the wheel - and the occasional narrative detour - did n't give sufficient cause to incite road rage .
Although narrative contrivances seem to oversimplify the specifics , both lead actors bring depth and complexity to their roles .
It 's a little heavy on exposition , and drags a bit as it goes along , but director Nick Hamm 's effort makes for a thoughtful take on a pivotal moment in recent history .
The bit of MI-5 chicanery behind the whole plot is a tad silly , but the sparring of Spall and Meaney is just worth the 94-minute investment .
It 's bunk .
It only works as well as it does thanks to the calibre of the actors .
While the film is undoubtedly simplistic and fictional , it speaks to high aspirations while acknowledging the messiness of politics-and because of its superlative cast , it 's also great fun .
The dialogue swings between quick and banal as the chipper McGuinness tries to crack the self-righteous stoic -LRB- Spall is brilliant -RRB- Paisley .
Every element of the movie feels fabricated , from the stilted conversation to the all-too-convenient obstacles the movie keeps throwing in the path of progress , including a flat tire , an empty gas tank and an implausible detour to a church .
A poorly written two-hander that 's just as dull as its forgettable name .
The Journey functions primarily as a hopeful story of people overcoming their differences , but it also looks at how each man rationalized his own role in the endless violence .
Spall and Meaney are mesmerizingly watchable in a film that 's 40 % gruff dialogue and 60 % seething silences .
A witty , wickedly funny and razor sharp blend of comedy , politics and drama with fine performances by Timothy Spall and Colm Meaney .
For viewing pleasure , it 's hard to beat the verbal sparring between the avuncular Meaney and a more-Wormtail-than-Wormtail Spall .
Even if the construct seems a tad forced , the winning performances make the excursion worthwhile .
The movie contains some tremendous individual scenes but the whole is n't better than the sum of its parts and , in the final analysis , it 's a little disappointing .
There 's really only one reason to see `` The Journey '' and that is the performances of Meaney and Spall . This heavily fictionalized account is , at best , a fantastical teleplay which bleeds credibility the further it progresses .
`` The Journey '' never loses sight of its goal to prove , especially in the age of parasitism , that talk does n't sway opinions -- it 's listening .
Working with a smart , intelligent script Meany and Spall fence with one another in a way that is entirely believable . This does what movies should do ; it educates and entertains at the same time .
I enjoyed watching Spall and Meaney and their verbal sparring , especially over issues of note .
The Journey does n't add up to all that much ; it 's aggressively saccharine and lacks any real examination of the very important ideological disagreements between the two men at its center .
Great actors Timothy Spall and Colm Meaney overcome flawed screenplay and put on quite a show as Irish enemies .
While Hamm and Bateman have the right idea overall , their love of contrivance too often gives `` The Journey '' the sense of being reverse-engineered ...
Though there are flashes of sentimentality in the old man , Spall does n't make him an ingratiating figure . But he does help us to understand him . It 's a great performance that 'll hopefully be remembered come awards season .
A platitude-laden , sermonizing , and artless episode of `` The Odd Couple . ''
The men 's meeting serves the cause of Irish reunification , but the movie itself never coheres into anything believable .
Story inspired by historical events that illustrates the process whereby enemies can become friends .
-LSB- H -RSB- opeful example that peace is possible between bitter enemies ... makes this amazing transformation believable and holds them up as grown-up model for other antagonists
The real-life version of how these two mortal enemies became so close that they were referred to in the press as ` The Chuckle Brothers ' is way more interesting than the ` imagined ' version presented in the film .
Touching , inspiring , beautifully performed and very timely .
The result is a well-acted , well-reasoned two-hander that struggles to swerve around the contrivances of the genre .
Though the script tilts to the didactic , the performances are absolutely delicious , with Mr. Meaney droll and understated and Mr. Spall fiery and derisive , yet not above a joke .
The Journey ponders nothing less than the intractability of political violence . Which means it 's pertinent far beyond Belfast .
The Journey is the rare hopeful political film rooted in both reality and very recent history .
This fictional dialogue inspired by a private meeting between real-life enemies ca n't muster up more than the usual banalities about the ethics of politics and war .
These performances and stories are the rich rewards of indie cinema , hidden gems you may have to dig a little to find .
The film is buoyed by its sharp , witty lead performances , with Spall 's holier-than-thou imperiousness clashing suitably with Meaney 's more affable obstinacy .
Simplistic yet compelling , giving the impression of eavesdropping on a historic conversation .
A riveting and even inspiring look at two prominent adversaries who came together to do what was right . Magnificently accomplished performances from Spall and Meaney .
Paisley and McGuinness 's intellectual back and forth is rendered so compellingly that one wishes the filmmakers did n't feel a need to resort to a surfeit of momentum-killing plot contrivances .
The Journey looms a best-bet package for a predictable slice among serious filmgoers .
Wonderfully acted , and just whimsical enough to make this fantasy riff on the Irish Peace Process go down easily .
Difficult roles are played well in this unlikely reluctant buddy road movie .
There 's nothing wrong with anyone 's acting . The problem here is the concept , which seems absurdly forced .
It 's all nonsense , really , but it 's a bit of fun too . More of a pleasant distraction than politically insightful , and Toby Stephens is so convincing as Tony Blair that I almost felt my blood boiling all over again .
This is a horribly misguided attempt to dramatise a meeting between Ian Paisley and Martin McGuinness during talks leading to the 2006 St Andrews agreement , which brought peace to Northern Ireland .
The Journey takes a crucial moment in the Northern Ireland peace process negotiations and turns it into a speculative odd-couple road movie .
At times , the prolonged bickering can wear a bit thin , but strong , ebullient performances mean The Journey is definitely worth taking .
Immensely entertaining and very well acted .
The clunkiness of the dialogue and the absurdity of a key fictional conceit nudge The Journey towards misguided folly .
Irish politics made accessible with the help of a playful script , two fine performances and 11 years of hindsight .
The relationship between the real-life Paisley and McGuinness is undoubtedly a fascinating subject and one worthy of examining on film , but The Journey sadly does little justice to its interesting source material .
The Journey can seem crass but it does deliver some effective moments and , despite many misgivings , it is extremely entertaining .
Spall 's portrait of Paisley is fascinating , all glowering energy that carries the film through its awkward contrivances .
he Journey is an entertaining movie if more like fiction as fact than fact as fiction . Hamm insists there is a basis of truth in the story and it is relatively easy to believe him .
Both leads are superb , though Stephens is also wonderful in the corners as the equivocating , self-serving Blair .
The Journey deals with very rich subject matter in a disappointingly pedestrian way .
The Journey is an apocryphal drama about the Northern Irish peace process , and makes its subject look like a methodical tootle around the block by comparison .
Although it breaks no new ground , there 's heart , humour , charm and even a little healthy mischief ...
This film feels the need to be fair , to be balanced . That is understandable . But it is tiptoeing on eggshells of its own making .
It 's a movie that follows every trope in the book , and does so with pleasing fireworks and finesse .

@highlight

The Journey 's narrative deficiencies undermine a powerful fact-based story , but those problems are often offset by solid work from Colm Meaney and Timothy Spall .