Writer/director Drake Doremus ... pulls very good performances from a young cast ...
I hated , hated , hated these people and despise writer-director Drake Doremous for wasting a brutally overlong 89 minutes of my life with them .
... an uneven endeavor from a promising new filmmaker ...
I 'll admit that my heart broke a little by film 's end , as the camera rested on Yelchin and Jones 's faraway looks and Stars ' sublime `` Dead Hearts '' flooded the soundtrack .
A well-made film with two strong leads that never fully appreciates the romance at its core .
Felicity Jones will break your heart at least once
`` Are you a romantic or a realist ? Like Crazy is the rare romantic drama made for both . ''
The performances from Yelchin and Jones are admirable , but they just do n't have much to work with as their characters are underwritten and underdeveloped .
Like Crazy manages to capture the elusive whimsy of first love , only to beat it to death with a tedious on again/off again love story and two main characters obstinately selfish and mundane .
This likeable low budget American indi is kept fresh by Yelchin and Jones who are endearing as the star-crossed lovers .
It 's more like a series of sentimental greeting cards suitable at differing stages of a relationship , from sparkling first love to broken relationship to marriage and out of it ... The screenplay is rather formless and for the most part , tedious .
It makes what could have been a sweet and involving tour de force into a rather heavy-handed drama
Managing to keep melodrama at a distance , it 's nonetheless impossible not to get swept up in the relationship .
This film not only provides an effective love story . It goes well beyond that to examine the way believable characters deal with problems resulting from forced separation due to immigration policies .
The film fails to explore each 's new partners , and while leaving the focus on the central relationship is n't always a bad thing , when main duo fail to captivate in their own right , it feels a misstep not to have expanded the narrative .
Felicity Jones shines in Drake Doremus ' deceptively simple romance , a refreshing take on an age-old dilemma .
It would be a good date movie for a couple on the point of breaking up .
The deeply-felt chemistry between Felicity Jones and Anton Yelchin helps Like Crazy to capture the tragic ironies of young love in a diverting , mature , and ultimately heartbreaking manner .
It is poignant and moving , and by the time its last , touchingly incandescent final image flickers into darkness I almost could n't believe all I had been lucky enough to witness .
As so many others have done before , Drake Doremus captures the giddy excitement of courtship ; what makes his film more unusual is that he then hangs around to observe the nitty-gritty of making the ensuing relationship work .
A good movie which , if not exactly a masterpiece , at least involves us throughout .
Young love 's tendresse has seldom seemed quite so irritating as it does in this largely improvised romance ...
Worth seeing for a luminous performance by Felicity Jones , who 's even more impressive than she was in Chalet Girl .
-LSB- Jones -RSB- fulfils her promise as one of our most exciting talents in this wonderful little drama .
Apart from everything else , Like Crazy is a reminder of the awful fact that all choices are permanent , to some degree . Life can not be rewound and done over . It 's a grownup love story .
Finely acted and partly improvised , the picture captures nicely the highs and lows of first love . It 's less fun but more truthful than a standard rom-com .
Wit , tenderness and outmanoeuvrings : that 's what we get from a film setting out , with thoughtfulness and charm , to test the chestnut that true love is impervious to time and space .
An unexpected and deeply moving tale of the fragility of young romance .
Whether Like Crazy is a love story in tragic honest or not all , all depends on you rooting for Doremus 's characters from the beginning .
Wearing its heart prominently on its sleeve , this romance tries a little too hard to persuade its audience that they too should fall in love with its star-crossed protagonists .
Even though the wheels eventually come off , this is the film that will always be Birmingham-born actress Felicity Jones ' calling card .
It 's like being trapped in an improv workshop run by people who share too much on Facebook .
The performances are fine , the scenery is pretty .
With stellar turns , particularly from Jones , this is your Valentine 's Day date sorted .
The performances and the feeling of romantic yearning loom large and linger under the skin and in the heart .
All that 's left is this foolish idea that they 're supposed to be together . It 's like ... they 're crazy .
The film takes the path of a formulaic romantic comedy , sans laughs , acting as though the story is compelling enough to pull us through .
It was an easy film to enjoy for all the good things it presented .
Tells a thin and wispy story about shallow , underdeveloped characters about whom I had a lot of trouble caring .
A plastic game of love , craving displays of affected behavior over an honest deconstruction of devotion . The film is never genuine , feeling like an improvisation class project that lucked into a theatrical release .
A wonderful advertisement for the Canon EOS 7D camera , but also a reminder that so-called indie authenticity can be as phony as a million-dollar special effect .
Ethereal , sometimes exasperating - an impulsive , impressionistic romance .
There are some innately human aspects to the film that transcend its other limitations and missteps .
Yelchin -LRB- `` Star Trek '' -RRB- and Jones have a terrific , deep rapport on camera , and the result is that rare movie romance that feels organic and authentic , not the product of a screenwriter 's imagination .
Like Crazy captures the rush of being young and in love and the inevitable glumness that arises when desire ca n't overcome real world obstacles .
The couple 's story is related through small , true-to-life details that paint an unidealized portrait of love - the euphoria , the sadness , and everything in between .
Three-quarters twee and one-quarter Glee , Like Crazy won the Grand Jury Prize at Sundance ... proof positive that even the film festivals can be as misguided in their selections as the notorious Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences .
Like Crazy is the rare example of an `` ordinary love story '' drama that works .
Although it certainly has an interesting premise with its raw and honest look at a relationship put through the wringer , Doremus fails to make you care about his two lead characters .
While it sometimes slips into annoying clichés , `` Like Crazy 's '' simplicity and messy honesty keep it from sliding into B-grade melodrama .
Simple , subtle and disarmingly powerful .
... a thin construction -LSB- that -RSB- manages to work more often than not .
A slow , often sad tale that unfolds at its own pace , so the audience -LRB- at least those with patience -RRB- will feel like they 're experiencing reality transpire , rather than being embraced by a movie .
For a film with virtually no plot , little scripted dialogue , and only the most basic of character sketches , Like Crazy manages to say more about true love than even the grandest of classic love stories .
The stage could n't be more set for a crowd-pleasing weeper . Unfortunately , Like Crazy does not live up to its campaign .
Like Crazy is so intent on being untypical that it forsakes everything that a movie work , like a plot , meaningful dialogue and characters we care about . The only thing I got out of Doremus ' movie is a solid argument for tighter immigration laws .
It is not pure joy , but instead authentic young love in a difficult situation . It 's definitely worth seeing .
Awful in exactly the ways that indie films can be awful . All of them .
It 's likely to elicit a response of ` That 's it ? ' after sitting through its 90-some minute runtime and especially with such award qualifications and related buzz surrounding it . -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
It 's imperative for director and co-writer Drake Doremus to color the film with a great deal of blossoming-love sparkle right off the bat , and he does just that .
There 's no question that the actors and filmmakers have fashioned a compelling -LRB- if unformed -RRB- love story of a certain age -- which is not to be confused for a love story for the ages .
Doremus reminds us of what love felt like the first time - before our hearts were dented , dinged or all-out broken - when we could fall irrationally hard , with pure intentions , and no idea that it simply ca n't stay that way forever .
Doremus delivers a tightly focused film that 's all the more impressive for being improvised .
It 's not exactly Casablanca , but times have changed .
The film is light and engaging : like a `` Blue Valentine '' that does n't make you want to slice your head off .
While the film is often quite moving , it 's also at times frustrating ; people in love , we realize , are n't always as fascinating to the rest of us as they are to each other .
Story about two young lovers whose patience , resilience , and trust are tested when they are separated for a long period of time .
What could have come off as stilted and artificial is instead genuine and natural .
Director and co-writer Drake Doremus does an excellent job at creating the casual , offhand feel of real interactions , while still managing to convey the heightened emotions of young love .
Drake Doremus , a maker of agreeable miniatures , takes another step forward .
Almost weirdly banal , a love story between two characters who do n't really exist .
The cast creates such a naturalistic sense of empathy -- a complicity , even -- with the viewers that we 're swept up into their characters ' lives .
-LSB- A -RSB- keenly observed , deeply felt portrait of a roller-coaster romance .
Jones and Yelchin make us care about them with a heartache reminiscent of all the heartaches we have experienced ourselves .
It 's refreshing to see a film that does n't overstay its welcome .
Belying its title , Like Crazy is a film not about the ferocity of love , but about its fragility .
Okay but not ` Crazy ' enough
Call it l'amour phooey .
A slow , thoughtful meditation on the waxing and waning of a love affair .
-LSB- The characters -RSB- exist not as human beings but as a concept -- a dull , irritating , and broad concept .
One of the biggest and most obnoxious loads of cloying crap to come along in a very long time .
Like Bland .
A serious , deeply felt romance for an audience Hollywood most often bombards with raunchy sex comedies and video-game adaptations .
Those seeking a fresh take on romance will find Like Crazy almost existentially tepid .
A beautiful love story wrapped in a hasty , too-rigid structure . Who knows what an extra half-hour might have bought the filmmakers .
A romantic drama that makes other romantic films look obvious and calculated in comparison .
I admired its attempt to re-create the out-of-control feeling of falling in love , complete with the awareness that other people might think you 're ridiculous but that you do n't care .
Attention must be paid , even if you occasionally want to throw pots at the screen .
Although Like Crazy contains some emotionally on-target scenes , the movie as a whole feels glum and artificial .
Gooeyness aside , Doremus believably captures the twinkle and inadvertent stupidity of young love .
This indie drama starts off as a sexy little date movie , but once the lovers have been separated it grows steadily more complicated and mature .
The reason to see it co-stars with Anton Yelchin , around whom the project got going . Her name is Felicity Jones .
Beautifully romantic , frustratingly imperfect ... What we observe is words shared , looks exchanged and hearts melding , unaware of what it will take to keep them feeling whole .
It 's not a clunky rom-com ; it 's sweeter and more intimate .
Jones is a revelation as the sophisticated , but humanly frail , Anna . Yelchin is also fine as Jacob , who prizes the tangible over the verbal .
This is a film that would rise or fall on its cast ... and the filmmakers could not have chosen better than Anton Yelchin ... and Felicity Jones ... both hugely appealing but with just the right amount of tart edginess to keep them real ...
A highlight of 2011 Sundance Film Fest , in its style , this intimate relationship portrait recalls some of the eraly works of the French New Wave , with a touch of Cassavetes .
The emotional honesty of Like Crazy , which is comparable to Richard Linklater 's great Before Sunrise and Before Sunset , is far removed from most of what passes in these goony movie days as youthful romance .
Hollywood has given a black eye to the romantic comedy ; romantic dramas are scarce . All the more reason to cheer Drake Doremus ' fresh , vibrant film Like Crazy , which is anything but a conventional genre piece .
Moving look at the highs and lows of first grown-up love .
It 's the perfect film to force on a teenager after his or her first break-up , a lesson in How Not To Be In Love .
It 's just the small story of two young people trying hard to decide whether this is an infatuation worth growing past , or a real relationship worth growing into .
We get that Anna and Jacob care for each other , but the foundation for their devotion often feels insubstantial if not imaginary .
Doremus has crafted an intelligent and evocative story driven by two expert leads . I liked it very much . I just wish I could say I was crazy about it .
There 's not an extraneous scene , and even the smallest moments - such as when Jacob goes to a London pub with Anna and stands around awkwardly - are ripe with meaning .
This movie creates an emotional collage of those moments that eventually decide the fate of every couple . Sweet , subtle and perfectly acted , Like Crazy is easy to fall for .
The acting , which looks improvised , is faultless ; their natural , fearless performances will surely make stars of Yelchin and Jones .
Good acting , good filmmaking , plus something elusive that most Sundance movies about romance lack : sincerity .
Deserved winner of the grand jury prize at Sundance , this story is as simple as two people mad about each other and as complex as intense relationships inevitably get .
Drake Doremus has crafted a crazily inventive and totally irresistible tale of first love that makes the familiar seem bittersweet and heart-stoppingly new .
Largely a conventional , wan affair , despite its art-cinema flourishes , like scenes that start and end in medias res .
Seriously , I liked this movie better last year , when it had Drew Barrymore in it and was called `` Going the Distance . ''
The music of Paul Simon 's `` Graceland '' flows through `` Like Crazy , '' and comments on it as well . This wise and beautiful little film is about two lovers falling from a state of grace .
`` Like crazy '' will appeal to teenage girls but no one else that I can think of will get it .
No other recent film has so deftly captured the act of falling in love or so artfully interwoven the more practical efforts of maintaining that connection .
... college-aged Gen-Yers acting like they 're in the throes of the first romance of fifteen year-olds .
Beautifully acted , and tender and evocative -- a closed-loop romance for those seeking uplift , and a melancholic rumination from adulthood for those who are so sure they know better .
Every time the two of them threaten to have a conversation , Doremus takes a page from Team America : World Police and goes all `` You Need a Montage ! ''
Like Crazy tells the truth , simply : Love is thrilling . And -- just because of the way life happens -- sometimes love hurts .
Like Crazy is an art-house romance about the pain and challenges of a long-distance relationship , and watching the film is itself a grueling exercise in yearning .
With a deliberately wistful style , this romantic drama never quite convinces us that its central couple is actually in love .
Like Crazy has moments of genuine heartbreak , like a late-night phone call that leads Jones to tearfully joke that she 'll wait up and Yelchin should just stop by her place , half a globe away .
It makes you squirm in your seat - not because the angst of the young love depicted on screen is so vivid and relatable , but because these two people are so incredibly annoying together , you 'd much rather see them apart .
Screen romance has become a saccharine affair ; Like Crazy proves it 's still possible to make a love story that 's both genuinely sweet and bittersweet .
Unlike most alleged Hollywood rom-coms , Like Crazy is delicate , uplifting and definitely worth investigating .
Lain on a bed of treacly piano music , this l'amour fou is l'amour tepid .
Its empathy and artful way of conveying honest observation struck a chord with me ...
Steers clear of the broad banality typical of Hollywood romantic comedies
This indie gem explores with uncommon insight the eroding effects of long distance on love .
Captures the dizzying intoxication of that first serious relationship . . and the queasy , mortifying pain that a first relationship can impart . This is a smart , touching film .
Like Crazy has a lively syntax and could , in an ungrateful mood , be tagged as slick . But Doremus gets the tempos right .
His characters may shy at uncertainty and ambiguity . Doremus does not . He keeps his camera trained on that smudgy line between loyalty and love .
Credibly performed and rich with an understanding of the potential pitfalls that accompany such couplings , Like Crazy will strike a cord with anyone who 's been lucky , or maybe unlucky enough , to meet someone settled elsewhere .
Engaging romantic drama with some effective directorial touches and a terrific pair of performances from Felicity Jones and Anton Yelchin ...
First World Problems : The Movie
while this elliptical , bleakly honest account of love 's hangover years might not be ideal viewing on a first date , it offers uncomfortably familiar observations for anyone engaged in a relationship that is either long-distance , or just long-term .
A fresh take on the potentially-doomed romance with a breakthrough performance from the lovely Felicity Jones and yet another strong turn from Anton Yelchin .
Drake Doremus has arrived and he 's creating a new cinematic language that makes Like Crazy unlike any other movie you 're likely to see this year .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- A surprisingly sweet and candid look at the problematic nature of young love , `` Like Crazy '' is a romantic showcase for Anton Yelchin and Felicity Jones .
Like Crazy drives complexity , and it does so stylishly and cleverly . Delightfully done by director Drake Doremus .
They share an indelible and entirely realistic chemistry , even though the plot meanders along , occasionally becoming repetitive and predictable as their connection begins to fray . Doremus handles the ensuing drama well enough .
It 's a film about how it feels to be in love ; how beautiful , intense , addictive and debilitating love can be , but how necessary it is for us to experience as we get older and start sorting out our lives .
Like Crazy moves in fits and starts , hitting a few grace notes along the way , but ending up unfulfilling .
Deserves all the buzz it 's getting at Sundance . This relationship study is raw , honest and brutal , yet beautiful .
Protagonists Jacob and Anna are no Romeo and Juliet , despite writer/director Drake Doremus ' fraudulent but manful attempts to make them seem so -- at the end of the day , their problems could be solved by a plane ticket and less self-involvement .
Deeply felt first-love tale offers convincing performances and a fine-tuned storytelling sensibility .
Like BLUE VALENTINE for college kids , and I do n't mean that as a bad thing . Potentially a star-making role for Felicity Jones . LIKE CRAZY is an extremely likable film .
Like Crazy is an exquisite , beautifully acted gem of a film , one that should serve as a prelude to bigger things for stars Felicity Jones and Anton Yelchin , as well as director Drake Doremus .

@highlight

It has the schmaltzy trappings of my romantic films , but Like Crazy allows its characters to express themselves beyond dialogue , crafting a true , intimate study .