As a whole , This is Martin Bonner is a subtle piece of art getting at the heart of the human condition .
Inspiring in a way that movies too often are n't , in that it provides a realistic yet optimistic vision of how someone can positively affect the world around them
Thankfully it avoids the sentimentality of so many other similar redemption indie pics .
A lovely film makes use of fundamental Christian belief , and of lonely men in their autumn years , and of second chances forced upon us , subjects not generally celebrated in Hollywood .
... exquisite character development , observant filmmaking , and storytelling that just might change the way people live .
Chad Hartigan 's This is Martin Bonner is a refreshing example of stark realism , minus the grit and melodrama that tends to muddy films of its ilk .
This Is Martin Bonner takes a magnifying glass to everyday goodness and lingering pain , illuminating their contours and complexities but pulling away before the movie can ever burst into sentimental flame .
This contemplative drama draws strength from day-to-day ordinariness and a terrific lead performance from Paul Eenhoorn , yet sadly falls short .
Mr. Eenhoorn -LRB- whose patient expressions here suggest a kindly priest -RRB- gives his character the shy charm of palpable decency .
Patience is privileged , nothing is forced , and by the end of this quietly devastating character study , the ordinary has become extraordinary .
By calling on his leads to underplay nearly every moment , Hartigan calls into question our deeply ingrained instinct , as moviegoers , to witness a steady parade of amped-up emotions .
Somewhere far beyond the hoary parables of most faith-based films and the brutal body-blows of prison flicks soars This Is Martin Bonner , an understated drama with small words and big ideas .
At its best , with its quiet , ominous pace in the early going and its economical distribution of information throughout , the film is reminiscent of Todd Haynes 's Safe .
The detail is precise , as are the performances . These may not be people you would care to see a film about , but seeing it I ca n't imagine that you would n't be moved to care about them .
Rigorously subdued in performance and tone , this low-key character portrait is distinguished by its empathetic honesty .
This Is Martin Bonner explores what it means to be a good person at a crossroads , and whom you might find there .
The rare contemporary film about Christian behavior that does n't go out of its way to announce its secularity , it 's equally unpatronizing in its sharp articulation of loneliness in middle age and beyond .
Written and directed by Chad Hartigan , this touching , uncommonly humane drama centers on the tenuous friendship between two lonely older men .
The writer and director , Chad Hartigan , transforms the potentially maudlin premise into a luminous reach for grace .
Huge warmth is emitted from beautifully realised performances and scripting .
For those with a willingness to go with the flow and discover the wonder hiding beneath the surface , This Is Martin Bonner is a triumph of the elegant kind .
This bittersweet drama is a sharply observed tale of middle-aged reconciliation and redemption that 's both sad and charming .
Nothing happens in This Is Martin Bonner , and that 's the best thing about it .
This Is Martin Bonner is undoubtedly a small film but it is finely crafted and holds a big heart .
Small lives , carefully observed , can be awfully dull most of the time .
In most movies , Martin Bonner would be a memorable minor character , the sort where you 'd idly wonder `` What 's that guy 's story ? '' Chad Hartigan 's second feature gives Martin that movie , and the results are quietly astonishing .
It 's a very low-key , slowly paced piece that has a cumulative power through its honesty and realism .
This Is Martin Bonner may be about absence , but there 's no absence of heart in the story or the characters , which makes for an extremely enjoyable film .
A mood piece , a character study and an exercise in poetic gesture possessed of a sort of evanescent , secular spirituality .

@highlight

Solemn but heartfelt , This is Martin Bonner is a slow-burning drama with an outstanding performance by Paul Eenhoorn as the title character .