The experiment was worth the effort ; a magnificent and sublime cinematic experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Arquette , in what may be the best performance of her career , conveys exactly what it feels like to be a single parent : the word is trapped .
In spite of being presented in an unhurried , episodic manner , you will not find this over two-hour long docu-style indie film sluggish , for it showcases the minutiae of everyday life beautifully .
Boyhood is a sublime meditation on childhood , parenting , and the passing of time .
... I found it boring and unengaging , just a collection of `` hey remember when '' moments as opposed to actual introspection and exploration of what it means to grow up .
It was n't necessarily a surprise that Boyhood left me cold-universal praise can be its own warning sign-but considering the rapturous praise it has received from seemingly all corners , it was still a disappointment .
Boyhood never allows itself to be trivial - we never see anyone buying groceries , or picking their nose , or spending their days tied to a job they do n't enjoy . It 's a film that 's being celebrated as a triumph of realism , but it is n't like real life at all
An audacious effort from a filmmaker whose ability to embed the audience in his stories is unmatched .
-LSB- Boyhood ' is truly a historical moment in cinema .
You have n't seen anything like it , and yet often it 's like looking in a mirror at your own life .
Watching that journey , checking in along the way at what may seem like small and insignificant moments , has a profound cumulative impact .
In an era when life happens quicker than it -LRB- used to -RRB- , `` Boyhood '' offers an oasis of quietude , one that viewers will only enjoy if they are willing to slow down and leave their watches at home .
Elegant but a bit meh .
Telling the story of a boy from age 6 to 18 , and filmed over that same time , it is a beautiful , poetic journey of life , with all of its ups , its downs , and , of course , everything in-between .
... a different and daring kind of cinematic experience that is as involving as it is impressive .
Calling it a sum of its parts can be a backhanded compliment , but it feels like especially worthy praise for Boyhood , considering how much went into making it feel whole .
In keeping with Linklater 's just-do-it aesthetic , the drama is low-key , the dialogue conversational , the observations of human failings and strengths acute without being censorious , the narrative smooth , and the overall vibe easygoing .
A film 12 years in the making and worth every minute of the wait .
` Boyhood ' reveals itself as something deeper , more noteworthy and ambitious than even its remarkable production would suggest , for Linklater has given us nothing less than a cinematic approximation of human memory .
` Boyhood ' is to coming-of-age movies what ` Act of Valor ' is to war movies . ` Valor ' used active-duty Navy SEALs , and ` Boyhood ' films the same boy over a period of 12 years .
Honestly , Boyhood is Richard Linklater 's masterpiece and easily the best film of the year so far . Do not miss it .
It is sure to be one of the best films of my year .
Boyhood is a cinematic achievement . The least we can do is see it and live the experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's no hand-holding here on the part of Linklater , who presents these events devoid of theatrics , as true to life as fiction can be .
Ambitious and an absolutely excellent endeavor .
Intimate and insightful even in its weaker moments , Linklater finds strength and value in normality .
Richard Linklater 's fascinating look at twelve years in the life of a young boy whose family life is far from perfect . The gimmick seldom feels like one .
In the end the story just did not amount to much .
... a different and daring kind of cinematic experience , something rare enough in American popular cinema .
Sorry I 'm a party pooper for a film most think is super .
Time and change are the universal themes here , embodied and particularised in Linklater 's dramatic study of a divided and mildly dysfunctional family ... This is one for the -LRB- and all -RRB- ages .
A period film shot in the present , Boyhood also provides us with vivid cultural snapshots from the recent past - including queuing in robes for the latest Harry Potter novel and Obama 's 2008 election campaign .
This is not only a great film , but an important landmark in how great films can be made .
Boyhood : Concept : A Execution : C --
We ca n't help feeling inexorably attuned to these people ... as if the idea of sitting down to dinner with them is not only possible , but de facto .
Probably one of the most unusual coming of age films you 'll ever hope to see .
Boyhood is dizzying and dazzling , messy and mesmerizing , an ambitious and singular movie that grapples with towering questions about life itself - and finds profundity in how it not fails but refuses to provide all the answers .
Boyhood , which started filming in 2002 and continued off and on for twelve years , is the greatest coming-of-age story ever put to film .
We can quibble with small stuff in Boyhood . Supporting performances are variable , the sister drops out as a dramatic character ... I could go on . But the cumulative power is tremendous .
While everything about Boyhood is done with extraordinary care , the master stroke was clearly the casting , 13 years ago , of a little Texas boy named Ellar Coltrane .
There 's not a great theme , a great performance or even a great scene in Boyhood . But I think it might be a great picture .
It 's like a time-lapse photo of an expanding consciousness .
As is Linklater 's custom , Boyhood is profound in such a casual way that its weighty themes feel nonchalant , effortless . This movie might make you cry for reasons you ca n't quite articulate . You wo n't be alone in feeling that way .
Cinema has always been the best place for time travel , but rarely has it been so anchored in reality than in Richard Linklater 's Boyhood .
It 's a simultaneously modest and massively ambitious undertaking , so original in its conception and so successful in its execution that it deserves to be remembered as a landmark achievement .
Linklater bridges the gap between these more art-oriented projects and contemporary narrative cinema . He offers us a new sense of knowing time by inviting us to be present as it unfurls .
The sweetly appealing Coltrane shoots up before our eyes and does n't buckle under the scrutiny , but if Mason is our ostensible focus then his mother Olivia -LRB- Patricia Arquette -RRB- is the movie 's unsung heroine .
Linklater here is full of optimism , as always , but he remains a doggedly unsentimental realist .
It is interesting even when nothing much happens , which is for most of its 3-hour running time .
It 's an ambitious experiment that paid off big-time , both for Linklater and his audience . I ca n't say I 've ever seen anything quite like it .
Arquette in particular unearths meaty pockets of raw emotion along her character 's journey through a performance that reminds us of her immense talent .
Linklater took a risk on an ambitious way to relate an oft-told tale , and in his newcomer lead and career-best turns from Arquette and Hawke , he succeeds .
It 's an honorable and obviously artistically successful project , my personal quibbles notwithstanding .
A fiction film version of Michael Apted 's landmark 7 Up series , writer/director Richard Linklater 's Boyhood is one of the best films he has ever made -- a linear , at times surprisingly poetic portrait of a modern American childhood .
One of the loveliest things about Boyhood is how much of it makes those long-forgotten strings of childhood vibrate within you . It reminds you of what it was like to be a kid .
The ambition at play here even makes Linklater 's fantastic `` Before Sunrise/Sunset/Midnight '' series pale in comparison .
Its complete submission to those nothings , mediums , beautiful portraits of life 's fabric is what makes Boyhood unprecedented .
A word about the film 's epic length . Boyhood is 166 minutes long . Yet it is so affecting , so much a thing of wonder , that it could run forever and I would still keep watching .
This is the best American movie I 've seen in years -- and one of the very best movies about America ever made .
Like other Linklater films , Boyhood is sunny and optimistic but not without its rocky moments , driven by dialogue that 's often funny and insightful but always natural .
Boyhood is a quiet marvel that follows its characters with a fondness that builds and a necessary distance that aches in its verisimilitude .
A seemingly limitless stream of pure empathy runs through Richard Linklater 's transcendental movie event/social experiment/life-affirming headtrip Boyhood .
It 's a journey , seldom seen on film , that will fascinate and move you with every step .
Linklater 's casual hand at storytelling , dealing out reel after reel of naggingly forthright enlightenment , turns this simple tale of a mother trying to do her best into something worth every second of the time it took to produce .
This is one experimental film that is a total success .
Richard Linklater 's Boyhood is in most respects a traditional realist film -- plainly shot , devoid of plot gimmicks , aiming to approximate life as it is actually lived .
The film is at once of a piece with Linklater 's other pictures -- as temporal as the Before/After series , as philosophical as Waking Life -- and also more universal than anything else he 's done .
It 's a film you ca n't stop watching . Until it ends . And even then you wish Boyhood was only the beginning of an extraordinary work in progress .
These moments are almost cliches , but only because so many of us have lived these scenes in the course of our own lives , and that 's what makes them so powerful .
Watching the film , I was n't exactly as moved as I 'd hoped I would be , and that was at first disappointing . But then I remembered that Richard Linklater does n't really do big emotional indicating , that you have to listen a little closer .
At its heart , though , Boyhood is less about boyhood than parenthood . Much of the viewer 's empathy lies with Patricia Arquette , who plays a mother struggling to raise two kids mostly on her own , with the occasional incursions of men .
Maybe only Linklater could do a radical narrative experiment that 's also just another low-key slice of life . Obviously , Boyhood required rigorous control , but never does it give off a sense of the filmmaker clutching it too tightly .
By all means , enjoy this movie for its evocation of childhood , but let 's also appreciate how Linklater calls for us to reimagine how we might treat movies and childhood : less judgment , less organization , more daydreaming .
Boyhood is proof that a strange magic can still bloom amidst the tragedy that buffets human life .
It 's the casual ease of `` Boyhood 's '' construction , its lack of a specifically lofty artistic objective , that makes it so effective .
I kept wondering what I was supposed to be enjoying about this film and I 'm still wondering .
Boyhood is as immersive as it is observational , and at the same time inescapably self-reflective . In terms of manipulating the relationship between viewer and screen , there is nothing quite like it .
It 's the gimmick film to end all gimmick films . It 's Linklater on a bike , holding his breath , crossing his eyes , puffing out his cheeks , going full speed at that ramp yelling , `` Look , Ma ! No hands ! ''
Linklater 's filmmaking here is groundbreaking ... . but in terms of thematic originality it ca n't hold a candle to some of the other films from his incredibly diverse canon .
To call this drama `` audacious '' is an understatement . It 's a downright masterpiece and a film that will be studied and celebrated in the years to come .
Less of a movie and more of an experiment . Arguably , an experiment that ultimately works . But I would never sit through it again .
A truly groundbreaking experience and a standout film of this or any year fully deserving the tag of a modern classic .
If you support your family picking lettuce , your life is more interesting than Linklater 's family .
A one-off masterpiece , the likes of which has never been done before , and will never be done again .
An amazing , time-capsule-worthy portrait of boyhood
Linklater 's bold experiment pays off
Um road movie no qual a estrada é o tempo .
What Boyhood lacks in terms of story development and pace , this inevitably flawed but compelling experiment compensates by showing its central cast experiencing real life and growing considerably older without the need for special effects and prosthetics .
It may be two and a half hours , and it may avoid the normal conventions of plot , but it has a weight and substance that feels like nothing else ... a truly singular movie-going experience .
The real reason for this film 's high level of realism and drama is its screenplay -LRB- this film is written and directed by Richard Linklater -RRB- which is refreshingly adult , realistic , dramatic and reflective of today 's society .
So much could have gone wrong over the years , it 's insane that any filmmaker would have tried this . But if anyone could pull it off , it would be Linklater .
This is an intimate , poignant film that makes you feel a little sad . But there are lots of loving and funny moments - such as when Mason and his kids campaign for Barack Obama - and the overall effect is life-affirming .
It 's a slow-burn drama that works well over its epic length , exploring the nuances of those around Mason rather than lurching for the dramatic spikes and revelations we normally associate with the mislabelled `` coming-of-age '' sub-genre of teen films .
The effect is uncanny and heartbreaking , yet exhilarating , not depressing . Mom sums it up , when Mason celebrates his 15th birthday : ` I 'm so glad you were born . ' We 'd like to think she 's speaking to all of us .
But the film 's best bits do n't give us nearly enough to justify those accolades or dispel the feeling that you 're being taken on a leisurely meander through lives short on surprises and revelations .
Boyhood is an observant and sometimes profound marriage between fiction and reality .
I became so interested , so invested in these characters that I kind of wished they were real . I wanted to know more . I wanted to be able to follow them after the final scene .
both rewards and challenges our expectations of a coming-of-age narrative , delivering a portrait of growing up that is both poignant and poetic
Not a single line feels like a written joke , although the film is entirely scripted , and all of the humour feels observed rather than created . It is a technically astonishing , completely written fiction that feels like real life .
An indie film epic the likes of which have never been seen before . And yet , as with Before Midnight , it 's the project 's emotional authenticity that ensures that it really hits home .
This heartwarming and complexly layered drama is n't just one of the best films of the year , but one of the best of the decade , the kind of deeply touching experience that feels like a one-off .
Linklater casts a spell that defies you to not be moved , and captures the incredible complexity , richness and emotion of every one of our unique lives in the process .
The result is it 's a wonderful story .
It 's an extraordinary achievement marked by simply wonderful performances .
While it is really an exploration of 12 mundane years in the life of a fairly ordinary American family , it is never boring and rarely makes you think that anything that happens was forced .
One of the most emotionally powerful films of this or any other year .
Recommending a movie without a plot sounds ludicrous . That is , unless the movie is ` Boyhood ' and the movie was written and directed by Richard Linklater , whose ` Before Sunrise , ' ` Before Sunset ' and ` Before Midnight ' are beloved by so many film-goers .
`` Boyhood '' a subtle , powerful meditation on life .
One of the great films of modern times .
There is something quite extraordinary about Richard Linklater 's film as it depicts a fictional representation about growing up , family , relationships and life 's choices - using real time as its bookmark and calling card .
A wondrous exhibition of the intangibles that make a film great : tone , pacing , authenticity , subtext . But it 's most masterful at capturing the bittersweet passage of time .
Watching the film is less a matter of observing characters than spending time with friends .
Cinematic poetry ... As that greatest of screen rarities -- a potentially mainstream experimental film -- the writer-director earns a bit of slack in gratitude for the strange and wonderful gift Boyhood is ...
For all of its contained and implied profundities , Boyhood succeeds in large part thanks to a virtually unnoticeable sleight of hand .
This film hits you in personal ways that have more to do with your identity and memory than with the film itself .
An exceptionally well-crafted coming-of-age story .
Too realistic to be inspirational but too genuine to fault , `` Boyhood '' is , against all odds , a cohesive cinematic feat not likely to be matched any time soon .
Adjectives really do n't do this one justice . Richard Linklater 's 12-year project is brilliant . And bold . And innovative . And not to be missed .
Watching these characters orbit in and out of one another 's lives gives a sense of actually watching people -- not canned archetypes , but fully formed people -- get older .
Both a conceptual tour de force and a fragile , unassuming slice of movie life .
A masterpiece of independent filmmaking , Boyhood is nothing short of an emotional epic , one that is relatable and moving and entirely unforgettable .
Linklater strings these ordinary moments together like Christmas lights to make an entrancing portrait of life .
It 's not every day you see something you do n't see every day . The day you experience Linklater 's remarkable new work , I guarantee , will be one you wo n't soon forget . It 's perhaps the most artful and audacious experiment in the history of film .
A work that easily breaks free of the shackles of `` just a gimmick '' and emerges as a superb motion picture in its own right .
Linklater sculpts drama out of time , demonstrating that the fleeting moments we experience day in and day out are actually telling the story of our lives .
Once again , Linklater achieves that easy-going , seat-of-the-pants realism .
It truly is an epic account of anyone 's / everyone 's simple life story .
Despite the wrinkles in Linklater 's time tapestry , he has given us one of the most memorable movies of the year , and probably his own masterpiece .
It 's one of those offerings that grows on you the more you think about it long after walking out of the theater . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Captures the bittersweet , sublimely humdrum process of growing up in a way that no other single movie has done .
-LSB- Boyhood -RSB- plays like a lyrical series of snapshots , capturing the kind of shared moments in time that seem to resurface almost randomly in our memories .
The closest thing to a lived life that fictional cinema has yet produced .
The film takes the audience on a visceral trip back to childhood partly because it shows a real child mature on screen . What completes the effect , though , is masterful writing and directing , by Linklater , and editing , by Sandra Adair .
A portrait of the process of becoming who we are , and the people and events that pingpong across our path during it .
Linklater has crafted what may be the most ingenious film of the century here and given it a tone like no other ...
Is n't this what good therapists do -- help people understand trouble , hurt , hopes , and dreams by digging deep into memory and experience ?
Boyhood is a noteworthy accomplishment - and an unparalleled movie experience .
There is really nothing like the strange visual power of `` Boyhood '' in the cinematic history - full , though it is , of performers whose familiar faces pop up like weathering signposts on some highway of time .
Linklater uses life itself to his advantage by finding a clever way to capture its scope .
Revolutionary in its approach and quietly transformational in the way of all great art ; experiencing it will change you .
Is it dumb to say , `` Wow ? '' I do n't care . Wow .
The year 's most captivating narrative experiment , and possibly the most engrossing coming-of-age movie in the history of the genre .
Boyhood understands the tumult of childhood and adolescence as well as it does the hurdles and satisfaction of raising children .
Richard Linklater 's latest feels more like living a life than watching a movie . It 's a one-of-a-kind experience .
Boyhood proves we 're never the same people that we were when we were children . And it also proves what the old people always sighed about : `` They grow up so fast . ''
Terms like `` epic , '' `` ambitious , '' `` one-of-a-kind '' and `` career-capping '' normally sound pretentious . Not here - this is a special , special film
Boyhood is the closest we 've ever come to narrative cinéma-vérité -- and the results are just a little mind-altering .
Thanks to the astonishing consistency of Linklater and the cast , and the faultless editing of Sandra Adair , all this happens in Boyhood much as it would in reality , as a continual unfolding , without on-screen titles or chapter breaks .
Far from a handicap , the film 's disjointed narrative elements become its greatest strength , showing that life 's -- and especially , childhood 's -- grand plot points never fall where we expect , and are often the result of elements beyond our control .
Richard Linklater 's naturalistic , bittersweet , coming-of-age alternative to studio productions .
Any film that takes twelve years to shoot should be commended for its stamina alone ; yet no sense of grind , still less of fatigue , attends this Richard Linklater project .
I ca n't help but think there may have been a better movie still lurking in his accumulated footage , one that with a mild shift in emphasis might have been titled , more ambitiously , Adulthood .
Director Richard Linklater accomplished something truly visionary with Boyhood . It 's nearly three hours long , but it moves by nearly as quickly as life does .
... a truly memorable and singular cinematic experience that 's well worth the wait .
Rich in charm , meaning and heart , it stealthy worms its way into your being , triggering your own recall button on how growing up would be so much easier if adults would stop getting in the way .
As genuine as Boyhood feels , it falls short of really flooring you with greatness . So many life lessons seem to fall on deaf ears without more conflict or bad luck being thrown in along the way .
-LSB- Richard Linklater 's -RSB- magnum opus is at once intimate and epic .
Boyhood is a coming-of-age film not quite like any other .
It really is a movie unlike any other .
Few filmmakers ever make a great movie . Fewer still ever make a movie that expands what movies can express . Richard Linklater does both with Boyhood .
The very things that others love , the meandering , unfocused essences of the movie , were the things that I disliked . Variety is the spice of life , right ?
It is almost as if the audience is a part of the family in `` Boyhood . ''
Here is a film that captures the essence of memory .
You 've undoubtedly never seen anything like this before .
It is the details that are the story here , giving it a unhurried yet mesmerizingly enthralling feel and an unexpected power .
Those who bemoan cinema circa 2014 for being out of ideas : prepare to meet your match .
It 's a bit of a gimmick movie , sure , but it 's a brilliant gimmick . A coming-of-age movie where the characters actually come of age , imagine that .
So , while it 's tempting to say that nothing happens in Boyhood , that would be wrong . What happens is everything .
`` Boyhood '' is a stunt , an epic , a home video , and a benediction . It reminds us of what movies could be and - far more important - what life actually is .
A soulful movie about soulful people . You just ca n't help but fall in love with it .
To say Boyhood would n't be that special if it were shot in a conventional manner is kind of like saying that elephant in the zoo would n't be so big if it were n't so big .
The originality of Boyhood clearly extends beyond what we see up on the screen , and it 's this film -- even more so than the career landmarks of Slacker and the Before trilogy -- that will earn Linklater a place of immortality in the history books .
Linklater 's writing is typically warm and insightful , and the cast is uniformly excellent , including Ellar Coltrane as the quiet , down-to-earth hero .
Boyhood is a monumental achievement of guts , nerve and thoughtful craft , one of the sharpest films about Texas and Texans ever made and easily one of the year 's most important movies .
It captures the essence of an American family with an accuracy and intimacy unseen in a feature film before .
`` Boyhood '' is not just a great movie , it 's a landmark achievement in film .
Forget 3D ; Boyhood reaches out to touch your soul .
As a film that dares to honor small moments and the life they add up to , `` Boyhood '' is n't just a masterpiece . It 's a miracle .
It 's close to three hours long , there 's almost no plot , the star is someone you 've never heard of and , yet , `` Boyhood '' is mesmerizing .
An instant classic twelve years in the making , striking in its tender tone and stunning in its cumulative emotional impact .
... chronicles the colossal significance of the everyday .
It 's easy to watch the film and recall similar moments in your own life . That 's not enough ; the film needs to inspire reflection , not just recollection .
`` Boyhood '' is a cinematic gift , a compassionate and sometimes amusing drama about growing up that extracts truths out of what appear to be life 's most random moments .
It is nothing short of stunning to watch `` Boyhood '' unfold . Richard Linklater 's magnum opus offers more than what one has any right to expect from a film while simultaneously illuminating the infinite boundaries to which cinema is capable of going .
To sit with this movie and witness the concentrated passage of time is to watch , in a true , moving way , your life unspool before your eyes , without fanfare or idealism or romance .
In completing this simple , beautiful project Linklater took his time . And he rewards ours .
Boyhood is perfectly imperfect , and surely not the last exploration of feature filmmaking as the ideal form to encapsulate duration and unities of location to come from the dogged , invaluable writer-director .
One of the most interesting movies ever made , but also , perhaps , one of the most anticlimactic .
A stunning and mind-blowing testament to the relentless passage of time .
Boyhood , at its best , boasts qualities that are usually under-valued in avant-garde work : tingling observations , unforced comedy and quirky , enduring charm .
The genius of Boyhood is that while watching it , you simply forget about the head-scrambling logistics of the project .
One of the most remarkable moviegoing experiences I 've ever had .
Linklater and his team have done something incredibly difficult and made it look effortless . The result is easily one of the best films of the year .
The minute events that Linklater puts onscreen are endowed with meaning because they 're contextualized in the larger scope , which streamlines the most epic experience of all .
This 12-year undertaking is one of the most intriguing narrative film projects ever conceived . Richard Linklater has quietly become part of the foundation of American cinema .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Just when you thought there was nothing new under the sun , Richard Linklater goes and makes the most anti-Hollywood movie ever conceived .
When coming of age movies are measured years from now , Boyhood will be the benchmark for artistic achievement and cinematic scope .
It 's a wonder , on every level , that a movie like Boyhood can exist . It 's even more amazing that it can be as good as it is , while coming together under impossible odds .
I have long maintained that Richard Linklater is the most gifted and audacious director of his generation . His new movie , Boyhood , which runs 2 hours and 44 minutes , is a stunning reconfirmation .
The meandering nature of Boyhood may not be for everyone , but it 's a unique and emotionally affecting film with a huge heart .
Boyhood proceeds in brisk , implacably linear chronological fashion , and despite its 165-minute running time , is astonishingly minimal .
The film gives every appearance of happening exactly the way life does , And exactly the way life does , it makes you care .
Genuinely poignant , profound and relatable with a strong beginning , middle and end . Why ca n't Hollywood make films like this anymore ? Now critics need only worry about their other 9 Best Films of the Year .
This is more than a groundbreaker : It 's a new American classic .
Full of empathy and fully realized detail , its specificity transforming into universality , an achievement of time and love that 's already among the best films about childhood -LRB- and parenthood -RRB- you 'll ever have the pleasure to watch .
The film ends and the credits come up and you ask the same question that you ask at the end of an evening spent with old , dear friends : where did the time go ?
By shooting this film over 12 years , writer-director Richard Linklater is able to explore family dynamics in an intensely involving way that 's never been seen on-screen before .
Boyhood is an astonishing body of work : a unique cinematic experience that condenses over a decade of life into three blissful hours . The kind of movie you want to swim in .
Linklater has allowed an enormously engaging , deeply moving saga to weave its tendrils about the loose structure .
Boyhood is one of those extraordinary flicks that 'll remind you just how life-affirming a trip to the cinema can be .
Boyhood is not just a genuine epic , not just beautiful and moving , it looks like a classic already .
Boyhood is an epic of the everyday , as uplifting as it is universal .
A marvelous , minimal epic of a movie ...
An audacious coming-of-age tale unique in the history of cinema ; deeply moving and beautifully authentic .
Extraordinary in form , ` ordinary ' in content , Boyhood is ambitious , intimate and unforgettable . It might just be the apex of Linklater 's life 's work .
-LSB- Linklater -RSB- has fashioned a drama that feels far more authentic than any other coming of age movie .
A tale that has been scripted and expertly shaped by Linklater into a richly textured , completely winning human story .
There is n't anything else quite like `` Boyhood '' in the history of cinema , although that would n't matter one-fifth as much if it were n't a moving and memorable viewing experience in the end .
An extraordinarily intimate portrait of a life unfolding and an exceptional , unconventional film in which not much else occurs . Never has so little meant more .
... will have you reflecting on your own life , all those moments big and small , many of which represented crossroads you may not have seen at the time .
It 's an acheivement unlike anything I 've seen before , so I got ta go big : 5/5 Schmoes for `` Boyhood '' . To paraphrase another Linklater film ... your first priority of the summer should be to see this movie . -LRB- Then lay back and crank some Foghat . -RRB-
Filmmaker Richard Linklater has long since earned his reputation as an original thinker but his latest work , ` Boyhood , ' is in a class by itself .
Wobbly at times but still magical in an everyday way ...
Film , by its very nature , is meant to capture nuggets of time , but Boyhood is all forward momentum and growth . The weight it attains in its last hour is no accident . It 's the weight of existence itself .
Boyhood is an epic masterpiece that seems wholly unconcerned with trying to be one .
These are people you know , maybe people like you .
On rare occasions a movie seems to channel the flow of real life . `` Boyhood '' is one of those occasions .
The film is lengthy -- almost three hours -- and without much plot , but I sat rapt for every minute .
It is difficult to imagine after this movie how any film-maker can resort to the conventions of multi-decade storytelling -- ageing make-up , dusty wigs -- without appearing unforgivably lazy .
This is a film that 's as epic as it is minutely domestic , and reminds us that the banality of the everyday is what makes a life . How it can remind us of this , without being banal itself ? Exactly . That is its phenomenal achievement .
`` Boyhood '' is a transporting experience about the simplest of subjects . The movie telescopes artfully - but never pretentiously - the experience of growing up .
Boyhood shimmers with unforced reality . It shows how an ordinary life can be reflected in an extraordinary movie .
A whisper short of three hours , the film and its plot are so lithe yet robust you can hang anything on them .
It 's an astonishing achievement .
It 's a collage of ordinary fragments that , in the end , add up to a greater whole .
Rarely has anything like this been attempted in cinema , with a filmmaker intentionally setting out to watch a young person grow up on screen .
... by the end you 'll feel like this massive time capsule was just injected into your soul .
A film that I love more than I can say . And there is hardly a better , or nobler thing a film can do than inspire love .
A unique and quite wonderful cinematic experiment which somehow manages to capture the intangible essence of life , in all its sound and fury , perhaps better than any film in recent memory .
Looking back on his accomplishments to date , it becomes clear that Linklater is one of the grand pioneers , explorers , and expanders of contemporary cinema .
There 's never been a movie quite like Boyhood , and it may be years before anyone works up the gumption to match its achievement .
I can think of few feature films in the history of the medium that have explored the power , and the melancholy , of film 's intimate enmeshment with time in the way Richard Linklater 's Boyhood does .
A heady film experience packed with so many telling details about life in the United States over the past 12 years - and one that makes you care such much about the struggles and foibles of its imperfect characters .
There 's not a parent alive who will be able to shake the haunting beauty of Linklater 's latest film , a flawed but vibrant masterpiece ...
Linklater 's Boyhood is a must-see film for any lover of the movies . It 's the type of film that was imagined when they invented film .
Richard Linklater 's coming-of-age tale is the best movie of the year , a four-star game-changer that earns its place in the cultural time capsule .
An intimate epic as fresh and thrillingly alive as Francois Truffaut 's films of Antoine Doinel , who was wrought in five movies beginning with The 400 Blows . Boyhood is but one movie , and it 's just as subversive .
The movie is n't as Here Comes the Big Cry as the trailer and the concept would make you think ; it 's far too smart and wise for that . Yet I still bet it makes you bawl your head off .
By the end so much has changed - a whole life seem to have been lived , and yet there 's still so much left .
Could reveal itself as Linklater 's defining cinematic statement .
Touching , funny , big-hearted and recklessly ambitious .
A quiet stunner of a movie that yields to time rather than try to bend it to its will .
An authentically awkward , ordinary life , scrupulously observed .
If I have any quibble at all with Richard Linklatter 's glorious film , it 's the title . Because while the ambitious concept is to follow one boyhood , the movie is just as much about a family and about America .
Believe the hype : Richard Linklater 's decade-in-the-making epic is a remarkable achievement .
With a brilliant filmmaking experiment that works beyond belief , Linklater continues to prove himself as one of the strongest character-driven filmmakers out there .
Not just a great stunt , but a deep and moving portrait of childhood , family , and growing up . The best picture of the summer
As he has throughout his career , Linklater proves himself as a filmmaker unconcerned with flash and dazzle but thoroughly compassionate and empathetic to a wide range of characters .
Clocking in at close to three hours , Boyhood overstays its welcome a little ; but strong performances , an evocative soundtrack together with the director 's flair for off-the-cuff profundity ensure that fans of quality movie-making wo n't be disappointed .
If there was ever project that demanded to be informed by the history of its making , `` Boyhood '' is it . Epic in scope yet unassuming throughout , Linklater 's incredibly involving chronicle marks an unprecedented achievement in fictional storytelling
There 's a universal appeal here that 'll resonate whether you 're a son , daughter , father , mother or sibling . Simply put , Boyhood is a masterpiece .
Given the fractured nature of the shoot , the film is remarkably fluent , and fortunate that young Ellar Coltrane is mostly an intriguing focus .
Linklater 's beautiful film is an extraordinary achievement - tender , funny , wise and wistful , full of warmth and humanity .
One of the best and most memorable films ever made about the art of improvisation as a path of wisdom , creativity , and personal renewal .
An absolutely brilliant film about the stuff of day-to-day life .
Director Richard Linklater approached this decade-spanning project with a novelist 's ambition and patient determination -- it 's unique in its rhythms .
Boyhood is an oversized and sprawling smorgasbord of a movie , blending the beautiful with the irritating in a rich and messy tapestry of growing pains and pubescent grumbling .
Richard Linklater 's film is an experiment in time , and one that 's attentive to the audience 's sense of empathy .
Boyhood is not only a masterful film but a culturally rich one as well , a cinematic equivalent to the Mark Twain coming of age classic `` The Adventures of Tom Sawyer '' yet made for a new generation .
It just moves so quickly , which , I suppose , is the whole point . For those of us who were already marking time by tracking Ethan Hawke 's facial hair , it 'll be a startling experience .
Boyhood is a one of a kind experience .
For as down to earth as the material is , Linklater elevates it into something important , making a study of not only childhood and human development , but the rigors and vicissitudes of adulthood .
It 's a Linklater picture all around , treating an impossible cinematic mission with all the urgency of a leisurely conversation . Boyhood sinks in slowly instead of demanding attention .
Boyhood fills you with openhearted happiness and awe at its scope and daring . It 's a low-key masterpiece , a wistful comedy that never forgets to keep genuine emotions foremost .
Boyhood is the summation of Richard Linklater 's entire career ... A moving and masterful evocation of what it means to be a family , and all the hurt and hope that comes with it .
From the moment a train pulled into a station filmmakers have been trying to present life to us -- to tell us its story -- and Linklater may have now come the closest .
A quite remarkable piece of cinema .
This is a movie where not much happens that probably has n't happened to you , but which , in the aggregation of these moments , becomes something utterly profound .
Boyhood truly is a film about the human experience , and this is something everybody can relate to .
Captured in vivid images and told in Linklater 's typically astute , observational style similar to his ` Before ' movies , perhaps the greatest achievement is how natural it all flows together given the fractured manner in which the film was constructed .
Linklater 's third masterpiece in the past decade should only affect anyone who 's ever been someone else 's sibling , child , parent , lover or friend .
It seems appropriate that Boyhood was always in the background , charting its filmmaker 's growth from Tape to Before Midnight . As Mason grew , so did the man who kept returning to his story .
And there 's a sadness in that you just do n't want Boyhood to end , with the film a remarkable accomplishment that wo n't be forgotten anytime soon .
Perhaps never has the long arc of the journey from childhood to college been portrayed as cohesively and convincingly as Richard Linklater has done in a film that can be plain on a moment-to-moment basis but is something quite special in its entirety .
What an astonishing achievement ; what a beautiful movie .
There 's a rough-edged , organic quality to `` Boyhood '' that recalls the work of those European helmers Linklater so admires : Fassbinder , Bergman , Bresson .
The film has that deadpan Linklater tone of slacker haphazardness , but you could also say that it 's almost Joycean in its appreciation of the scruffy magic of everyday life .
Boyhood is a narrative drama , but it unfolds like documentary truth .
Not just a coming-of-age movie , but the definitive coming-of-age movie ...
Richard Linklater 's latest is an impressive feat of filmmaking even before you consider the narrative . That the 164-minute runtime rarely feels sluggish or padded is also a major achievement .
Unshakable , witty and deeply felt , the film will be paying emotional dividends for a long , long time .

@highlight

Epic in technical scale but breathlessly intimate in narrative scope , Boyhood is a sprawling investigation of the human condition .