I am afraid I laughed from start to finish .
... thanks to its simple-yet-relevant plot and a great amount of jokes that do work , ` Ted 2 ' works : it makes you laugh . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The chutzpah that made Ted a successful and amusing parody of American culture is missing from the sequel .
MacFarlane knows how to strike a healthy balance between juvenile humor and using his characters to express some of his passionate personal beliefs
If you like this style of deliberately provocative humour , Ted 2 , despite being a good 15 minutes too long , serves up a generous handful of very funny moments .
Spare us any more half-baked `` comedies '' ...
Be warned . This sequel to the 2012 sleeper hit about a living teddy bear is not for those with low tolerance for puerile humour and profanity .
The style and substance of the story never gel right , instead bubbling over in a sticky concoction of self-importance , faulty reasoning and crass immaturity .
MacFarlane continues his trend of overindulgent , bloated films which run punchlines into the ground and have a lack of real cinematic aesthetic .
Ted 2 will make you laugh out loud and hate yourself a little for doing so .
There are some scenes in Ted 2 that you might want to look up on YouTube later , but there 's no reason to subject yourself to the whole thing .
The `` offensive '' jokes that pop up every once in a while in ` Ted 2 ' are n't social satire , or good gags , or even particularly vicious - they 're a gimmick , taunting , trollery .
Ted 2 is a case of been there , done that , mixed with some of the funniest gags you 'll see this year .
`` Ted 2 '' sees all of -LSB- Seth MacFarlane 's -RSB- worst proclivities front and center , as shaggy and undisciplined as ever .
Ludicrous , crass but also undeniably fun , Ted 2 - the sequel to Seth MacFarlane 's successful 2012 comedy , Ted - proves to be a more consistent and better drawn-out affair than its predecessor .
The whole devolves into an over-long Family Guy episode chock full of random asides , weird cameos , and goofy homage .
This will not be for everyone -- but if you loved the foul-mouthed bear first time round , he just got even filthier .
It should go without saying , everybody with a heart and soul deserves to be treated equally . Sometimes it takes a cursing , flatulent , pot-smoking , joke-cracking teddy bear to teach us common sense .
This is a below-average sequel that feels like a watered-down version of the first film .
Director and Ted voicer Seth MacFarlane 's follow-up to 2012 's Ted has plenty of his trademark crude humour but it all feels rather desperate and silly .
If you liked the first Ted , you 're going to really enjoy Ted 2 .
Ted 2 works best when it hews closely to Family Guy 's rhythms of fast dialogue and cutaways to quick , self-contained skits .
Ted 2 is n't any good , but people will go to see it because , like , a children 's toy says the f-word .
Being awful is still no substitute for being funny - but Seth MacFarlane 's talking teddy bear sequel does manage some laughs anyway .
Ted 2 is best enjoyed entering into the cinema not really thinking much about what is going to happen , allowing you to think only about the possible repercussions when everything is done and dusted .
At least there 's a joke about how Amanda Seyfried looks a bit like Gollum . Take your victories and all that .
Even for those who enjoyed the first film , the novelty has worn off by now .
Ted 2 is funnier and has a better story than the first one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ted 2 is nothing new , but it 's entertaining and a safe bet . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This soft , squidgy sequel squanders its comic not-quite-crappiness by padding out its length and getting seriously dull in its exploration of a talking bear 's ` personhood . ' -LRB- Paddington versus Descartes , anyone ? I thought not , therefore I zzzzzzzz . -RRB-
One of the worst movies of 2015 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A surprising smart comedy , loved its politically incorrect humor and cameos . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Some parts are funny , but overall it 's a forgettable movie that does n't hold a candle to the first one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perde o pouco fôlego que tinha já na metade da projeção .
As funny as the first film , though a little slow towards the end , `` Ted 2 '' is everything you were probably expecting and more .
Not a bad movie at all , but it 's nothing amazing either . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In spite of its forgettable plot , Ted 2 is very entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Feels like Seth McFarlane left the jokes aside for this one , the movie is really funny , but not as fun as the first . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fortunately , Ted 2 is more hit than miss , trading strongly on the still winning camaraderie between Mark Wahlberg and his foul-mouthed , pot-smoking teddy bear -LRB- voiced by MacFarlane -RRB- and some genuinely laugh out loud gags .
Fun , but not as good as the first one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I wish I would 've never went to see this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A waste of time that did n't make me laugh once . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ted 2 is a great example of what happens when you try to squeeze out more money of something . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ted 2 strains to be the synthesis of ... what made MacFarlane famous and his deeper creative temperament , and there are moments when that tonal zigging and zagging works . But they are ultimately warring impulses .
A motion picture in which a trash-talking teddy bear 's pursuit of personhood is compared -- at length -- to various actual and ongoing civil rights movements .
This is too scattershot to maintain its hilarity for anything more than a moment , and too mean-spirited to hold the attention beyond that laugh .
Ted 2 is 1 too many
You can laugh at the dumb jokes but if you try and defend this as a good movie then that 's where you lose us .
Ted 2 is n't as funny as its predecessor , but it still racks up an impressive tally of outrageous laughs .
` Ted 2 ' is exactly half as funny as its predecessor .
Ted 2 confirms that Seth MacFarlane really is nowhere near as funny as he thinks .
Ted 2 is not entirely devoid of comic merit . But it is way off the pace set by its predecessor .
The disappointment of Ted 2 is n't that the jokes are offensive ... but that they 're lame , tired and peculiarly humourless ...
Given the brilliance of its forebear , you ca n't help wishing for something better . By cutting out a good 20 minutes , it would have been twice as funny .
Fans of the surprise 2012 hit Ted will find plenty to love in this sequel , in which Seth Macfarlane takes the same approach : throwing every kind of gag at the screen in the hopes that some of them stick .
MacFarlane ensures that any sops to touchy-feeliness come with an arm-punching pay-off .
Even though it is n't as lean and mean as the first film , Ted 2 is still a bagful of naughty fun .
If you liked the first Ted film , which launched Seth MacFarlane 's potty-mouthed teddy , you may still find the second offensive , not because of its daft man-child humour , but its ill-judged attempt at comic racism .
I can only say that whatever career notes MacFarlane has hit wrong recently , the Teds are n't among them .
Is the man who sang ` We Saw Your Boobs ' at the Oscars one to give us a touching story about civil rights and human dignity ? Take a guess . .
At the very least , it 's a much more satisfactory effort than that recent repeat offender Horrible Bosses 2 .
It 's hard to tell what , if anything , MacFarlane set out to achieve with Ted 2 .
Not all the gags are inspired and the excessive swearing can feel like a substitute for actual jokes , but even if this is n't solid comedy gold , it 's still much funnier than a lot of other fluff .
True , the novelty factor of the original has disappeared . But if you 're looking for a shamelessly puerile comedy , you wo n't find anything lewder or louder this summer .
Stuffed with jast as many , if not more , laughs than the original . Ted 2 is blissfully politically incorrect so if you are easily offended better lighten up if you plan on seeing this Seth MacFarlane jokebook .
This movie lost me when it started comparing the plight of a fictional teddy bear to that of the slaves . Umm ... no .
Get it ? The teddy bear says swear words !
`` Has a lower gag rate and more punchline misses than its predecessor . In short , it 's a film that just reeks of having no real purpose . ''
Without the first movie 's element of surprise the joke goes stale fast , and laughs grow few .
The movie is so indifferently plotted that it soon becomes a bore .
The stream of celebrity cameos can not make up for a script that is less sharp than its predecessor 's .
If you 're ready to go with the hit-and-miss flow , you 'll laugh your ass off .
The success of Ted will ensure crowds flock to this sequel but when you put the films side by side , it 's each to see which one generates the most laughs .
MacFarlane 's inability to manage tone , combined with his boundless self-regard , leaves Ted 2 a shapeless mess .
Filled with F-bombs and ridiculous situations that do n't even qualify as sophomoric , Ted 2 , is an unfunny , vulgar sequel that aims for the lowest common denominator .
Even when the film is being tart and lowdown , you question how deep MacFarlane 's own vulgar roots really go .
Ted 2 is a repetitive , self-congratulatory slog , dragged down by a haphazard plot and the same third-act problems that ultimately sunk the first film .
At nearly two hours and half a dozen story lines , Ted 2 is simply too much of a so-so thing
... it 's about on par with the original but it 's so much better than MacFarlane 's last outing , the criminally unfunny A Million Ways to Die in the West .
Juvenile and offensive , Ted 2 fires off a lot of jokes , yet few of them find their mark .
This movie is ridiculous to begin with ; the laughs hit you hard and often with lines that will offend andyone and everyone . It 's last quarter slows it down for sure , but `` Ted 2 '' is still one of the comedy highlights of the year .
Certainly worth the price of admission for the laughs , but we could 've used more in the last third of the film .
Goes a notch above mediocrity to enough of a degree where it 's funny , and often times a lot of fun .
Any humor was bound to be a case of diminishing returns since the more you see of this bear , the less shocking it becomes .
As before , the language is a bear , the sight gags grisly and your reactions polar . But this time there 's also a surprising amount of heart .
If you liked the original Ted , Seth MacFarlane 's 2012 surprise smash about a pot-smoking , potty-mouthed teddy bear , then you will probably like Ted 2 . It is essentially the exact same movie , and more - and less .
MacFarlane has lost his way .
Ted 2 may not match its predecessor but does contain enough of a comic kick to make it a worthwhile diversion .
I ca n't say that it 's great but I ca n't say that I did n't laugh either .
The bawdy bear is back in this flagrantly fumbling sequel - and it 's disappointingly un-funny .
A laugh-laden road fashioned for fans with just enough character work to make Ted a bong-buddy to care about in between all the jokes about pornography , sex , prostitutes , pot smoking and Comic Con .
Ted 2 suffers from the typical film sequel sickness of recycling old gags and being a weaker film overall , but there 's just enough laugh out loud humor to make it worthwhile .
Though crafted with a more mature hand , Ted 2 feels episodic rather than reinventive , and in the end is just more of the same .
As offensive as the first movie , and just as funny .
Seth MacFarlane often seems determined to make people laugh in ways that they 're not proud of -- so mission accomplished , I guess .
Doing an originally unplanned sequel to an unexpected hit often results in mediocrity . Sadly , and predictably , that 's what we get with Ted 2 .
An almost nonstop parade of crude jokes , celebrity cameos and gurgling bong hits-but I ca n't say it 's not funny , and some of it is downright hilarious .
In a way , it 's pitiable more than anything .
For a movie that pretends to address issues of what it means to be human , `` Ted 2 '' is soulless at its core , a pure product .
The film fumbles its lame narrative and , although some of MacFarlane 's jokes are hilarious , they 're just blips on the radar .
When Ted first came out , it surprised audiences by being touching as well as funny ; the sequel one ups it by being funny and touching and boasting some big ideas .
-LSB- Seth MacFarlane 's -RSB- sense of humor generally bodes about as well for moviegoers as a dorsal fin does for swimmers .
It 's a marvel -LSB- Seth MacFarlane -RSB- has n't torn a rotator cuff from patting himself on the back so much .
`` Ted 2 '' is filled with many of the same kind of tired jokes centering on marijuana and sex that we heard in the original .
Lazy but funny .
Once again , Wahlberg proves he 's game for anything , and his dedication to the silliness is never less than impressive , even if his John seems dumber this time . -LRB- Maybe it 's all the weed . -RRB-
On a laugh-by-laugh basis , Ted 2 is guilt-inducingly funny , especially in a scene in an improv club best left undescribed .
It 's clear the stuffing was already pulled out of Ted in the first Ted , so here 's hoping Seth MacFarlane grabs a clue and says goodbye to his little friend .
Not that Ted 2 's punchlines still are n't funny much of the time , but the familiarity of the characters and their actions lowers the laugh factor by about half of what it originally was .
At the very least , ` Ted 2 ' is leagues better than ` A Million Ways to Die in the West . ' But that 's setting the bar low . Real low . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Profanity , Violence - for Parents available -RRB-
Arriving on a big wave of gay jokes ...
MacFarlane 's brand of shock comedy may be growing frayed , but this is still a funny movie .
Ted 2 also succeeds with the laughs but does n't really provide anything to keep audiences emotionally invested .
` Ted 2 ' may not be as good as the original , but it still entertains enough to warrant a trip to the theater .
Funny , but simultaneously trying to do too much and too little .
MacFarlane is doomed to keep making mediocre comedies until he enlists the services of a competent editor ...
All I know is I laughed myself silly . Judge me if you must .
Ultimately just an over-the-top , patently silly lark , and on those terms , it is diverting and even a little sweet on occasion . The line between what is smart and funny and what is cheap and unamusing is one the filmmaker has n't yet quite mastered .
For the few jokes that work and the team-up of Ted , Wahlberg and Seyfried , this follow-up is worth a look but only if you loved the original .
Ted 2 is fetid
Gross-out , juvenile , misogynistic , racist , homophobic , marijuana-philic , oh-no-they-didn ' t jokes , pretending to be comedy .
MacFarlane is a joke machine . They come fast and furious , and often they 're insanely funny . The bad news ? His stories tend to suffer for it .
I laughed a lot , if infrequently . Is a ballplayer who whiffs four balls but knocks the fifth one 500 feet worth watching ? I say yes .
Tragically , like some 1980s straight-to-video sequel , this has all the concept but none of the charm of the original .
Mostly though , `` Ted 2 '' feels like far too many other sequels : born of box office expectations more than a bona fide reason to return to the characters we loved the first time around .
While `` Ted 2 '' is absurd and occasionally disgusting , it is also wickedly funny .
Mr. MacFarlane can be funny , but `` Ted 2 '' is insultingly lazy hack work that is worth discussing primarily because of how he tries and fails to turn race , and specifically black men , into comedy fodder .
While I suppose it does n't pay to delve too deeply into MacFarlane 's talking teddy bear `` mythology , '' I do wonder why Ted can smoke pot -LRB- does he have lungs ? -RRB- but not father a child .
When Ted sits on his couch watching a clip from `` Roots '' and compares his situation to that of Kunta Kinte getting whipped , you may want to sink into your seat .
MacFarlane and co-writers Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild have a gift for referential riffs , but the plot is the thinnest of narratives just to connect all the comedy bits .
If you did n't see and laugh at the first Ted , and maybe also at MacFarlane 's button-pushing TV series Family Guy , then another movie deserves your entertainment dollars .
The movie ... finds itself in a strange place in tying Ted 's legal fight to similar real-world ones .
Not as original as the first film , but it 's more daring and inventive .
`` Ted 2 '' is a loosey-goosey stoner road trip with an irrelevant , appealing blend of innocence and sweetness ...
-LSB- Ted 2 -RSB- proves that Seth MacFarlane is much , much more than just a filmmaker aiming for cheap , easy giggles .
This second helping of MacFarlane 's smugly lowbrow hijinks -LSB- is -RSB- well-nigh unbearable ... a juvenile stream of drug gags , penis-centric jokes , pop culture riffs and other raunchy stuff ladled out with a sluggish , leaden hand .
Ted 2 feels slapdash , delivering sporadic , quirky , often hilarious bits of fun , but failing to come together as a whole .
MacFarlane 's fundamental misfire is tied more to the plot than the jokes . He makes a movie about determining the nature of a soul when the individual in question exhibits only behavior that is soulless .
Like its hard-living protagonists , Ted 2 is an acquired taste , the kind of thing that 'll either pull you in with manic camaraderie or push you away with its gleefully poor tastes . Sometimes , though , you just need to guffaw .
Less a spirited defense of tolerance and equality than a facile , only fitfully funny burlesque .
Some films aspire to high insanity . `` Ted 2 '' aims low and hits the target , but also manages , in its scattershot way , to be gleefully resonant with our fevered times .
Wisenheimer advice ! Do n't miss this one , it 's a riot .
Because one man 's mirth is another man 's poison , this critic can only consult his belly as the barometer . On a gut level , `` Ted 2 '' is a funny film .
The trouble is , lazy , opportunistic writing can be distracting in its own way , and there 's way too much of it in Ted 2 to fully ignore .
Any charm in having such content delivered by a talking teddy bear has officially worn off by now . None of this is really even all that shocking -- just bland .
Ted 2 is n't the stony-but-quick-witted revelation that Ted was , but it 's close enough to make you want to smoke a fatty and hit the theatre .
It gave me at least eight good laughs - mostly from set pieces that had nothing to do with the story . Your mileage may vary .
MacFarlane 's ambition is to make us laugh , not make us wonder why we 're conscious beings pondering our float through the void . He succeeds for the most part .
Ted 2 is n't cinematically special ; the plot structure and shot framing is identical to MacFarlane 's animated TV shows . But my god , is it funny . Trashy , nasty as it wants to be funny . Wake up the next day still giggling funny . Yes , that funny .
The result ? A hit-and-miss-and-miss comedy infused with humor that 's more than sketch . It 's sketchy .
MacFarlane has n't grown up , but `` Ted 2 '' delivers on its limited ambition , finding something for the bear and his bro to do while the helmer adds more of his fetishes and obsessions to the overstuffed follow-up .
-LSB- Seth MacFarlane -RSB- has never let story get in the way of a good joke , or even a bad one . To the surprise of no one , Ted 2 has plenty of each .
While the first film offered , by my casual recollection , almost two dozen belly laughs , this one barely registers four .
How sincere is Sincere Seth MacFarlane ? I know I 'm a dope for even asking-associating a genuine emotion with such a sniggering clown is a sucker 's bet-but I really do want to know .
A movie that seems to have been made out of obligation rather than desire .
Often very funny and more consistent than the first .
Maybe it 's too early to say MacFarlane ca n't make a movie . He 's still young , he 's compulsively creative . He 'll keep getting more chances . He could figure it out , but I do n't think I want to watch him try .
` Ted 2 ' might be enough of a financial success to put MacFarlane back on top , but creatively , he 's still bankrupt .
The uneven and overly long Ted 2 manages to find moments of uproarious , if raunchy and groan-inducing , humor from today 's hot-button headlines . At its best , it 's better than Ted 1.0 . At its worst , it 's like , well , a Seth MacFarlane movie .
MacFarlane is cynical , but he 's not a cynic , and there are moments in `` Ted 2 '' where you can sense a longing for the gentler and more upbeat entertainment of an earlier generation .
The comedy , as expected , is scattershot .
In the midst of comedy , seriousness . The combination feels forced . A more disciplined and smarter director might have been able to successfully blend the two elements , but crude dude MacFarlane has n't the skill to bring it off .
While I stayed mostly stony-faced through both the original Ted and this sequel , professional duty obliges me to recognise MacFarlane as a genuine eccentric with a certain amount of flair .
MacFarlane mines this lode for just enough gold to keep us interested one more time , and his holdings have now played out .
MacFarlane is grasping at something profound with his screenplay , and every attempt he makes to say something relevant is undercut by the inevitable rude or racist joke .
Seems like the bear is over-stuffed this time around , with a drawn out sequel that struggles to juggle the elements of buddy movie , romance , social justice , offensive comedy and a tribute to Hollywood musicals
While the plot drives the sperm donor hijinx -LRB- an attempt to ` milk ' Patriots QB Tom Brady , a Boston Police code 317 , and MacFarlane upping the ante on the Farrellys with havoc at a sperm bank -RRB- , it 's a dead weight on the last two acts .
A lot more of the same , although sporadically funny .
MacFarlane 's preference for quantity over quality results in a lot of dead air , but the gags that land are howlers , and all of its crudeness -LRB- and racism , and sexism , and homophobia , etc. -RRB- , the movie beats with a real heart .
The sequel is so haphazardly put together that it lacks the juvenile charm , weird wit and creative comedy that made the original movie work . What 's left is a comedy that 's thin on laughs and wobbly in construction .
Sure , MacFarlane can write simple jokes as long as the ` f ' key on his laptop holds out . Some of them are even funny . But a lot of them do n't pay off , and most trod the same well-worn territory -- potheads , practical jokes , politically-incorrect cliches .
Bad taste needs to be more honest and more all-inclusive if it 's to make a lasting impression , and MacFarlane 's bad taste here is both too wishy-washy and too knee-jerk cruel to really make any impact .
I 've seen worse comedies this year , and I 'll see better .
In an admirable effort to go a different route , MacFarlane has instead done something hopelessly bizarre : He 's given his film too much sincerity and story , and it practically crushes whatever fun does exist .
The movie has enough jokes that land and enough emotion behind it all to make it an absolutely acceptable sequel to the 2012 hit .
I did n't want to laugh . I swear . But I did laugh at `` Ted 2 . '' A lot .
Detestable even as it 's charming and ingratiating .
The film , like most of MacFarlane 's work , is a mix of occasional laugh-out-loud moments - there are some here - and cringe-worthy misfires that play a lot more tone-deaf than he seems to intend .
Forget turning your brain off for Ted 2 , watch this movie when you 're barely conscious or half-asleep and you will enjoy fonder memories of this latest unnecessary Hollywood sequel .
Just remember : In the dark , no one can see you laugh .
Most if not all of the shock jokes exist solely to raise eyebrows and break monocles . They 're almost good-natured , even sweet , in their sometimes messed-up way .
The Thunder Buddies are back , but despite MacFarlane 's social satire , Ted 2 suffers from an overbloated sense of sequelitis that finds less magic in its foul-mouthed protagonist bear .
Like another annoying stuffed animal , Ted just keeps on going and going and going ...
Do you have to be high in order to laugh here ? No , but for a whole lot of this movie it sure feels that way .
... a soon-to-be-forgotten movie that had a few very funny moments .
Maybe I 'm a softie , but some of Ted 2 struck me as uncomfortably mean .
One of those Chia Pet movies : completely unnecessary , but vaguely amusing if you happen to have it right in front of you .
You realize what it must be like to be trapped in detention with a bunch of 15-year-old boys who think there 's nothing more hilarious than repeating the same jokes about porn , pot , and pulling your pud over and over again . It 's funny , until it 's not .
While Ted 2 does run out of steam , a cavalcade of early laughs and just hanging around with Mark Wahlberg and Seth MacFarlane 's thunder-buddies again makes it worthwhile .
Once again , you will believe that a talking CGI stuffed animal can be a racist , hateful monster with no redeeming qualities ... but his greatest sin is that he 's not funny .
I laughed and laughed at Ted 2 - as I did at the 2012 Ted - and I can hardly tell you what that says about me , let alone about you .
Longer . The laughs are stoner-random , and few and far between ,
An average at best affair that could have been more if it 's running time were less and attempt at enlightenment `` MacFarlane style '' abandoned .
Cinemas are dark . If you laugh , few people will know it 's you .
Constantly bounces between rotten and fresh , resulting in a tomato that 's always resetting its own five-second rule on a dirty floor .
The film is a redundant showcase for Seth MacFarlane 's racy , **** - centric sense of humor .
In its own , sweetly subversive way , this might be just the tolerance plea America needs right now - a movie that says , in effect , `` Love thy plushie as thyself . ''
Ted 's Boston-accented zingers are expertly delivered by the director/star , whose voice talent is undeniable , and Wahlberg again demonstrates that he 's skilled at comedy ... Seyfried proves adept as well ...

@highlight

Ted 2 reunites Mark Wahlberg and Seth MacFarlane for another round of sophomoric , scatological humor -- and just as before , your enjoyment will depend on your tolerance for all of the above .