Junge assembled some spectacularly dramatic and telling footage that evokes an era that is no so long ago , but feels so very far away .
Directed by Daniel Junge and produced by stunt star and actor Johnny Knoxville , who also acts as a narrator and host -LRB- also a producer -RRB- this is n't just a documentary , it is a tribute , even though it does n't shy away from showing Evel 's dark side .
An entertaining film that 's both a revealing profile of the man and a thought-provoking reflection on his broader cultural significance .
This is very much a warts and all portrait , but in the process it brings us much closer to its subject , feeds a depth of appreciation many fans of those stunt shows will not have felt before .
Cultural identifiers do n't come any bigger , meaner , or influential than Evel -LRB- nee Robert Craig -RRB- Knievel .
Oscar-winning director Daniel Junge chronicles the man 's life and lasting influence through a plethora of hair-raising news footage and the memories of those who knew him , hated him , and still revere him .
Knievel 's legacy , for better and worse , is more clearly tied to marketing and celebrity than to courage or integrity .
Well-edited , balanced and fascinating .
There was a real darkness there - behind the American flags and the fringed jackets and the fireworks - and Being Evel , to its credit , is n't afraid to face it .
... provides a straightforward chronicle of his career highlights , but more importantly it offers insight into Knievel 's motives and flamboyant personality .
Being Evelis chock full of anecdotal factoids . -LRB- Or possibly , in some cases , fiction-oids . -RRB-
It does n't illuminate the guy 's character beyond what 's obvious . Nor does it bestow much depth upon Knievel .
Warts and all ... but joyous , and laugh-out-loud audacious .
`` Being Evel '' treads a fine line , making it clear that its subject was a heroic symbol of his times and a clear sports innovator while also acknowledging - and there 's no getting around this - that the guy was a huge jerk .
Meticulously researched and interestingly presented , `` Being Evel '' works because just as it looks as though it might devolve into a sycophantic bit of hero worship , it changes gears and looks at the other side of the icon .
A savvy documentary that gives the granddaddy of extreme sports his due while gauging the national climate that welcomed his shrewdly timed arrival .
Even if Daniel Junge 's documentary falls a bit short of its goal , it deserves points for trying .
`` Being Evel '' largely nails his story .
It 's ultimately a pretty sad story , and definitely not a flattering one .
Before Mr. T and Steven Seagal , there was Evel Knievel . For those who remember these simple , simpler-minded times , Being Evel is a sure bet .
A hot-headed bruiser he may have been , but Being Evel concludes that there 's no denying he was a true global icon .
Those who came of age during Knievel 's rise , rise and fall will enjoy the fun moments . But this family-sanctioned film comes up short in terms of objectivity .
There was a dark side to this complex man , and while it takes director Daniel Junge a while to get there , he does eventually in `` Being Evel , '' his entertaining and sometimes uncomfortable documentary about the daredevil .
Junge 's ridiculously entertaining documentary includes a wealth of archival clips that still , after all these years , make you wince .
Variously cribbing his image from Elvis , James Brown , and Liberace , Knievel becomes a recognizable huckster and all-American showman .
We can probably stop making movies about the legendary Evel Knievel . That statement is a testament to the comprehensiveness of the film from Daniel Junge and the fact that the daredevil is starting to feel like an anachronism .
Being Evel 's story is too plain in the telling , but it 's still incredible , and relevant in the way it shows how a person can achieve wealth and fame if he 's willing to leap way high-and to endure the inevitable wipeout .
The film suggests a stronger argument : it takes a special type of a ** hole to do the things that others would n't dare .
As sheer entertainment , `` Being Evel '' works quite well , establishing a swift pace and a knockaround tone befitting the subject .
He may not be likable , but he remains fascinating .
A fast and fun ride through the life of one of America 's strangest icons .
Both a comprehensive personality profile , as well as a smart depiction of Americana .
Regardless of what you think of Knievel -LRB- if you 've even heard of him -RRB- this is a fascinating doc with great anecdotes , crazy footage and energy to burn .
Imagine how high Evel Knievel would have soared in our social media age ?
Despite teetering on the edge of gushy hagiography for much of the first half , the darker psychological shades of the man himself keep the film on track - unlike some of Evel 's -LRB- in -RRB- famous jumps .
A wild , wooly strut through a period in American history when the country rallied around a man who would probably , at the end of the broadcast , be lying unconscious at the end of the runway , ready to get up and do it again the very next night .

@highlight

Insightful and swiftly paced , Being Evel is an entertaining , well-crafted overview of an unforgettable character .