The complicated camaraderie and the love between the troubled brothers along with the action-thriller elements , has made this my favorite film of the year so far .
A neo-western as ... bitter as a Nick Cave song . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With a smart and refined script by Taylor Sheridan that is both tense and sarcastic , and a cast of fully fleshed out characters that demand investment , the contemporary Western is an exceedingly enjoyable surprise .
This is one of the best crime movies in recent years , unfolding in a contemporary
reality that seems disconnected from America , yet is of its essence .
In the real world , the notion of carrying out an ambitious criminal plan heroically does not exist , nor does it completely defeat the system . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hell or High Water : A Different Kind of Heist Thriller
With distant echoes of Butch Cassidy and Jesse James , and haunting music from Nick Cave , this beautifully crafted film stays with you and should do great things for the career of its Scottish director , David Mackenzie .
There 's still several months of this year left , but Hell or High Water is a top-tenner for sure .
... a film about manhood , about brotherhood and about a United States that socially and economically cracks . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Labelled as a modern-day western , it might not bring anything new to the genre , but it 's smart and ferocious and highly entertaining .
Hell or High Water hearkens back to the great Warner Brothers gangster dramas of the early 1930s , which were about hard times driving criminal activity . It would make a great double feature with No Country For Old Men .
The cast and crew craft a modern Western , and as with many films in that genre , plenty of challenges faced those involved . They , however , always ended with some semblance of hope .
Hell or High Water hits a very high water mark for filmmaking .
This is a movie so perfectly paced , so generous in the portrayal of its characters , so understated and intelligent and incisive that it 's painful and lovely to watch .
Hell or High Water is one of those rare movies that feels exactly right from the get-go .
Hell or High Water is so busy taking inspiration from earlier movies that it forgets we 've seen them too .
It 's a dirty , sweaty , violent , tragic tale , but vigorously realised .
David Mackenzie 's modern-day Western hits the high-water mark in terms of its uniformly fine performances if not , necessarily , its narrative construct .
A real film , full of wit and insight , and carried by actors that rise above the pointedness of their dialogue to discover something profound within their limited ideologies .
A precise western , accompanied by accurate and corrosive dialogues where Texas becomes an X-ray of an economically collapsed country . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Because of its premise and its plot , the film is an updated western , a portrait of the cycle of poverty and violence that has marked the modern history of the United States . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A contemporary western that , fulfilling the basic rules of the genre , invites a social reading that proved prophetic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A western on wheels with deluxe actors , that reminds us how the premise of a persecution , may be enough to fill two hours of entertainment and good drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hell or Highwater is a splendid contemporary western . Dramatic , sensitive and humane . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Absolutely recommended not only for those who like bank robberies and persecutions , but also those who enjoy a good , well narrated film with a clever script and good direction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is tight , well written , sympathetic , without resorting to cloying sentimentality , and brutal in its consequences .
This walk through the founding genres of american classic cinema has a delirium that makes it a very attractive class B exponent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With a subtler approach , Mackenzie might have delivered a knock-out punch and testament to systemic rage ...
One of the best films of the season , the director manages to come up with something like an X-ray of a desperate time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A jewel whose identity is in the heritage and memory of the genre par excellence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a rebellious and deeply ethical vision of the American politics and society of Trump 's era . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Filled with dramatic tension , complex characters , rich , memorable dialogue and uncomfortable reflections of the plight of many modern day Americans , David Mackenzie 's contemporary western is a compelling watch from go to whoa .
Just as it taps into a dying corner of American society , Hell or High Water resurrects the power of western mayhem done right .
The only saving graces are the -LRB- admittedly excellent -RRB- cinematography and production values -- the action scenes are crisp , smooth and packed with tension -- but they feel almost irrelevant when the content they have to work with is this bad .
The violence has speed , impact and follow-through -- it 's a magnificent rebuke to all the hundreds of cute killings on screen in summer movies .
Mackenzie goes western in satisfying style , while Bridges , Pine and Foster bring true grit to Sheridan 's tight script .
We will never get another Howard Hawks or Raoul Walsh , but , every now and then , we see a film that pays homage to their spirit .
Is there any better background for this sort of tale than a succession of wide open landscapes , dusty streets , and cheap diners ?
... as good an American drama as you 'll see this year .
It illustrates that , with enough tweaking and refinement , even a generic story can be made into a tense pacing thriller that can still surprise while trying to be as entertaining as possible .
This neo-Western works splendidly as a self-contained tale of loyalty , loss and redemption , with polished turns from a smoldering Chris Pine and spunky Ben Foster .
A neo-Western for neo-Western lovers , a lean character study of Texan poverty told with wiry masculinity .
A western directly transplanted into the 21st century , featuring a colossal and magnetic Jeff Bridges . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a contemporary Western that does n't fall victim to genre pitfalls . In other words , there 's more depth and complexity here than a simple manhunt leading to a climactic showdown . Yet it still dishes out some old-fashioned frontier justice .
It 's a simple equation , but the details make it sing .
Hell or High Water has several positive elements , including a great cast and a thrilling finish , but thanks to lax pacing and a narrative that wanders a bit too much , we end up with a film that never truly comes together into a satisfying whole .
A modern-day set crime western that delves into the themes of right , wrong , law and capitalism with a righteous heart that pulsates within the grey of a morality tale where the pursuit of money turns good men bad .
Bridges , as always , is a joy to experience , digging into his role with unbridled gusto .
A film built dirt-up from the tiniest of details - a parade of sepia-tinted small towns here , a slow drawl masking unspoken pain there .
At a narrative and stylistic level , is one of the most complete works that we have been able to witness in the last century . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bridges is on fine form and Pine and Foster are a combustible duo . Mackenzie does n't put a horse-shoed foot wrong .
The sad , dusty towns against which this classically-oriented story play out are breathtakingly evocative , as are the bodies and faces of all the Texans we meet along the way .
This classic , thoughtful , and evocative storytelling lets audiences have a guilty pleasure watching two wretches get payback on a banking system that 's ripping off old ladies .
This is a damn good film and your feelings about the characters will oscillate throughout .
Hell or High Water is a contemporary western with pick-up trucks instead of horses . But some things never change .
There 's not a moment out of place , not a shot that stays too long . If -LSB- David McKenzie -RSB- makes a better film in his career , he 'll be lucky .
Hell , it sets a high water mark for movies this year .
Scottish director David Mackenzie employs the keen eye of an outsider to evoke this very particular world . The film is firmly planted in reality , down to the smallest detail .
Within the first minute of Hell Or High Water , it 's clear we 're in steady hands .
If this is n't the best film of the year , then it wo n't be missing that exalted mark by much .
Hell or High Water is n't the kind of flashy film that arrived with a lot of fanfare and it certainly is n't your average heist movie , it sneaks up on you and will surprise you with its grace and depth .
Mackenzie gives every one of his actors the opportunity to show what stuff they are made of . And they deliver , each in their own way .
There are no real villains , just two brothers who have a code and the rangers who live by another . In the inevitable final clash , as in all good Westerns , it becomes apparent they have a lot more in common than they think .
... a desperate , bleak and horribly authentic look at post-GFC America .
Distinguished by a wonderfully nuanced , varied and haunting score thanks to Australian musos Nick Cave and Warren Ellis ... is a fascinating hybrid of melancholy morality play , modern Western and arthouse drama
In the perfect marriage of plot , character , setting and music , Hell or High Water is a crackling good thriller , compounded by the contrast of thrilling action
Hell or High Water is both an exhilarating crime thriller and a black comedy that shares unexpected thematic parallels with Peter Bogdanovich 's The Last Picture Show and also No Country For Old Men .
One of the year 's most pleasant surprises .
Hell or High Water is about the fight or flight instincts at the epicentre of the disintegration of American society . Mackenzie and Sheridan and their players dance with that relative morality gracefully .
Hell or High Water is a smartly-written -LRB- by Taylor Sheridan of Sicario -RRB- well-acted film that closely observes its characters and their relationships , even minor characters , which are often glossed over in lesser films .
Worrying his lines like a plug of chaw , Jeff Bridges again proves that an extreme , even expressionistic characterization can be an unlikely vehicle for emotional honesty .
Destined to become a modern classic - and deservedly so .
Instant Texas with all the trimmings . Highly recommended .
Pine and Foster put in career bests as brothers , who are different but unerringly loyal to each other , and to their values .
I ca n't think of another film in recent memory that has had so much respect for every one of its characters .
The whole movie offers ample evidence that -LSB- Mackenzie -RSB- has stealthily achieved an unassuming but utterly genuine mastery of his craft .
... a forlorn modern-day Western ... Its garrulous style and tumbleweed authenticity will stay in mind long after the plot has faded from memory ... Bridges is essentially doing Tommy Lee Jones
Every scene bristles with comedy and suspense , and the atmosphere is further enhanced by a moody score and wonderfully evocative songs by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis .
Anchored by excellent performances by Chris Pine , Ben Foster and Jeff Bridges , Hell of High Water manages to successfully marry the western and heist genres . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Alongside plenty of heist-movie humor and suspense is a bleak fatalism grounded in depressing reality and resignation to the miserable necessity it demands .
It 's quite a film .
Always an actor of huge vitality , Foster gives a career best while Pine shows he 's far more than just a pretty face . The landscape belongs to Bridges , however .
Though this is a thriller with a conscience , it does n't fall back on black-and-white morality to get us on the side of its outlaw protagonists .
art heist , part western for the Occupy generation , this sharply plotted thriller is a triumph for both director David Mackenzie and writer Taylor Sheridan .
A contemporary Western , -LSB- which -RSB- like the best of them , is concerned with the moral character of the frontier , and whether the lawless and the righteous have a foot in each other 's territory .
A hybrid of crime drama and neo-western ... , Hell or High Water uses its half-breed genre thrills to expose an American dream long since soured by recession , and running on empty
There 's no Bonnie and Clyde-style glamour but the film has an emotional depth that you do n't often find in a heist thriller .
The deft sketches of minor characters - each surviving tough times in their own way - give human faces to the film 's messaging .
The plot functions with lean efficiency ... but the real purpose of screenwriter Taylor Sheridan and director David Mackenzie is to evoke an American south-west that time forgot .
It really would be a crime if Hell or High Water did n't get some recognition come awards time . It 'll definitely leave its dust in your bones , and something in your eye .
A smartly crafted heist thriller that quietly peels back the layers from its macho male characters to reveal the pain and tenderness inside .
As with Starred Up , Mackenzie 's family-centric prison drama , Hell or High Water is full of grim nooks and crannies .
One of the best pictures I have seen all year .
A gripping cops-and-robbers thriller with a strong sense of place , and a timely thematic undercurrent that packs a powerful emotional punch .
Elevated by a richly detailed script from Sicario writer Taylor Sheridan , who pens roughly authentic dialogue and fleshes out even the most peripheral characters to give the story a genuine heft .
It 's a familiar story but one very well told , skewed by dry detail and snappy dialogue , scoring three top-notch performances with a great dustbowl soundtrack by Warren Ellis and Nick Cave .
There are plenty of great Westerns and there are arguably even more heist movies ... but here , director David Mackenzie seamlessly infuses the two , interpreting the best traditions from each in his own way .
What you do n't expect is how deeply it cuts and how much you care about the characters and the people caught in the crossfire of their impossible dreams .
Hell or High Water is one of the year 's best pictures , sort of a twist on a modern-day Western with plenty of West Texas flavoring and a hint of Oklahoma spice .
For Mackenzie , a British filmmaker whose career to date has been nomadic , the movie feels like finally finding the right key for a lock .
Unexpected directions , sharp humour and powerful performances .
The best movie of the summer season .
Taut , tense and burnished by Jeff Bridges at his best . This is a deceptively simple tale of Texan cops and robbers that drags the Old West into the modern age .
Mackenzie 's tenth feature cultivates great compassion for its characters , while making wider points relating to exploitation and community erosion well .
One of the finest American crime films in quite some time .
Pitched as a heist movie , David Mackenzie 's latest film feels more like a contemporary Western set in a time of heightened financial anxiety .
The violence hurts because the film has texture and meaning and the characters matter .
Nothing that Chris Pine has done to date prepared me for how good he is here .
While there 's some good action while the brothers are holding up the banks , this film is mostly conversation between Pine and Foster , on the one hand , and Bridges and Birmingham , on the other . Compelling is not the word for which I would be groping .
A brilliantly conceived hard-hitting modern Western .
`` Pass With Care , '' reads a road sign , perforated with bullet holes . That 's Texas ; that 's America .
The movie plays with clichés only to upend them .
All of the performers in this film , right down to the bit players , are quite good , but Bridges demonstrates yet again that he is one of the finest actors in America .
Hollywood used to turn out solidly constructed , midsized genre films like this by the score , but now they 're so rare that Hell or High Water practically seems like a unicorn .
From a purely narrative perspective , there 's nothing new here but like a new arrangement of a familiar tune , the slight changes make it fresh and enjoyable .
Mackenzie has infused Hell or High Water with a gritty and irresistibly stylish feel that 's heightened by a roster of superb performances ...
David Mackenzie 's Hell or High Water further challenges Hollywood 's unethical trends . It twists the outlawry of two white Texas brothers ... into a study of millennial cynicism .
In crossing potboiler and art film streams , David Mackenzie and Taylor Sheridan have come up with something distinct , if not groundbreaking .
Fantastic . It 's planted in various durable genres , as well as American myth itself , while it 's also very much of the moment . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Hell or High Water is an elegy for the disenfranchised .
All three leads do strong work with characters and a story that never quite approach their level , and together they make the film entertaining and engrossing despite itself .
Takes a relatively simple cops-and-robbers theme , drops it deep in the heart of Texas and does n't skimp on complex characters or moral dilemmas .
` Hell or High Water ' bristles with true grit .
The gloom and impending doom are leavened by darkly humorous dialogue and moments of odd levity .
A top-notch thriller that 's also evocative , suspenseful , and increasingly captivating . A must-watch .
Hell or High Water makes for a contemplative dramatic thriller that is fueled by great performances and strong direction .
Hell or High Water is something rare . It 's a film for adults and by that I mean it 's smart , it has something to say , and it does n't condescend to the audience .
Mackenzie happens to be Scottish , but he 's made the best American Western in years .
For all the genre formula -- the robbing , the hideout , the chase , the ambush -- the film is less about thrills than about slow-burning tension , and it stands out with its cultural and socio-economic specificity .
Every element of the movie feels at once lived-in and alive . Do n't miss it .
This free-wheeling crime drama is packed to the gills with atmosphere , color and performances to the point the movie itself speaks with a gritty drawl .
One of the year 's best . See this one come hell or high water .
Hell or High Water is n't just a great time at the movies , it 's one of the year 's best pictures .
Scenic , well-paced and rich in dialogue and character , the film is Coen brothers for the squares , and maybe the best middle-of-the-seat drama of the summer .
The cast is uniformly magnificent , but it 's Pine who steals the movie .
Hell or High Water is at once a tale of desperation in hard times , and a keenly observed character study - or studies .
The Old West meets the modern West in Hell or High Water , a soulful crime drama about desperate brothers pitted against the system -- and one cagey lawman .
-LSB- Hell or High Water -RSB- rides superb writing , Oscar-caliber performances and a serious social message to such grandeur as to make it one of the best pictures of 2016 .
A film with the sort of sweeping grandeur that today 's filmmakers rarely aspire to , let alone fulfill .
-LSB- A -RSB- near-perfect film .
By the time we reach the climax of this smoking modern western , the conclusion seems both tense and inevitable .
It lets us make our own judgments about what its flawed characters do , and that makes this low-budget genre exercise one of the best things I 've seen this year .
`` Hell or High Water '' is about two brothers on a crime spree . But David Mackenzie 's film has a lot more on its mind than mere suspense and thrills .
Much more than a genre piece , `` Hell or High Water '' takes you places that you thought the big screen had forgotten .
What the film lacks in flash it makes up for in cinematography . What could have been a very plain-looking film with its flat , dusty lands is beautifully captured with wide shots and a breathtaking yellow and blue color palette .
Hell or High Water is set up like a cops and robbers drama , but it plays out like a complicated western -- no black-hats-and-white-hats simplicity here . It 's all moral shades of grey .
Hell or High Water takes a story that 's been told many times before and makes it feel vital .
If Star Trek movies have unfortunately convinced you that Pine is no better than a good-looking plank of plywood from Home Depot , you owe it to yourself -LRB- and Pine -RRB- to see Hell or High Water .
If Blood Simple and Fargo were forced to mate , the offspring would turn out a lot like this .
Puts the line between right and wrong underneath a scorching , unforgiving Texas sun then stretches it out on a lonesome , steaming highway , toward a blurred horizon , with no clear end in sight .
The plot is clever , and its intricacies are beautifully worked out .
One of the most enjoyable and satisfying moviegoing experiences of the year .
The real joy of the film is in watching Bridges and Birmingham play out their affectionate working dynamic like two characters in an Elmore Leonard novel .
The unhurried approach both ratchets up the tension and allows more time to get to know the players , who often talk around what they want to say in barbed , witty , Elmore Leonard-inspired dialogue .
A crackling example of the New Western , mixing familiar archetypes into an entertaining genre exercise .
`` Hell or High Water '' is a story about men , but the movie is really about a mindset , a way of life , the strength and resolution required to make a living in a world that does n't care about you .
Old-school bank robbery meets the new economy-and the New West-in Hell or High Water , a lean tale of cops and robbers , cowboys and Indians , and customers and bankers .
` Hell or High Water ' has a satisfying , old Western feel to it . The tense finale adds an interesting flourish that leaves you wanting more .
Give me a well-made little genre exercise like this over a bloated franchise flick any day of the week . This one 's got something on its mind to boot , which makes it one of the few must-see movies of the season .
... a movie with Lone Star swagger matching its dusty characters , scripted by Taylor Sheridan with the arcing tension he took south of the border in last year 's thrilling Sicario .
It 's a portrait of economic desperation rooted in a specific place and a specific time that also happens to be a thrilling heist film .
Robbing of banks may be very 1800s , but robbing by banks is very 2010s/post-Occupy . Ergo , robbing robber banks makes for a post-Occupy Western . Pine , Foster , and Bridges kill it .
Engaging from the first second onward , Mackenzie has created yet another stunner .
The action is as schematic and artificial as a chess game , and the characters have as much identity as its pieces .
A neo-noir masterpiece not to be missed !
Great drama , cast and cinematography
Pulpy , old-fashioned Western action and terrific performances make Hell or High Water one of the most satisfying releases of the summer .
Pine , best known as Capt. Kirk in the blockbuster `` Star Trek '' franchise , is the movie 's big surprise .
Hell or High Water is a genre film that transcends genre , an iconic American tale that is nonetheless firmly grounded in both place and time . One of the best movies of the year .
Stillness can be peaceful , but it can also be menacing .
You 've seen it all before -- but hell , it 's worth seeing again .
`` Hell or High Water '' is one of the most original , entertaining and intriguing films of 2016 .
David Mackenzie 's terrifically tense Western Hell or High Water is set in the present , but it keeps emphasizing that in some key ways , life has n't changed in West Texas since pioneer days .
When the final showdown arrives , the men are redefined by their deeds and what began as a sharp genre piece deepens into a subtle character study .
As far as I 'm concerned , Mackenzie and Sheridan 's film is pretty much flawless , delivering on just about every level .
Is always better when Bridges is on the screen ... but Foster and Pine certainly hold up their end of the bargain with performances to be considered among their very best .
Moment to moment , frame for frame , David Mackenzie 's Hell Or High Water is the best American movie released so far this year .
`` Hell or High Water '' is a great genre picture : film noir cannily combined with a Western , but with a modern-day setting .
Can we edit out all the extraneous lecturing and make Hell or High Water a four star movie ? Please ?
One of the best American films of the year . Bridges is Oscar bait , again .
Hell or High Water is a simple but perceptive , morally ambiguous , and detailed piece of storytelling .
Wow . Not since `` No Country for Old Men '' has a modern Western been so thematically rich .
It 's frustrating that Hell or High Water contains so many good things that just do n't coalesce into a fully satisfying moviegoing experience .
It 's so rich in detail and atmosphere , you 'll marvel that an English auteur spun such a stirring story about good ol' boys in the new Old West .
Hell or High Water is one of the great modern westerns ... the sort of substantive food for the soul we all need to experience .
Hell or High Water is one of the best films released thus far this year . The action unfolds efficiently , alternating deftly between tense action and genuine hilarity .
My number one film of the year . Yes , it 's that good . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
A wonderful modern Texas Western , full of terrific performances by Chris Pine , Jeff Bridges , Ben Foster and Gil Birmingham .
It allows Jeff Bridges to deliver what may be one of the most colorful , and yet nuanced , performances of his career .
Although you can pretty much guess how things are going to play out in the finale , the ride is so satisfying , bleakly funny and well-acted , you almost wish the cat-and-mouse games would never end .
`` Hell or High Water '' is very , very good .
A gripping story that touches on the most profound American struggles - from guns to real estate , race , and income inequality - specific in detail but universal in scope .
If there 's such a thing as an easygoing thriller , then `` Hell or High Water '' is it . The stakes may be steep , but the characters can seem more nonchalant than nervous .
British director David Mackenzie knows how to deliver a rip-roaring crime thriller , and he has an ear for West Texas idioms , too .
Despite the weighty issues at play , there 's much about the movie to simply enjoy -- the camaraderie of the brothers and the lawmen , and the not infrequent elements of humor .
Feels old-fashioned in its action-thriller gratification and in-the-moment about everything else .
A great American film that is not only an exciting cat and mouse bank robber thriller but also a movie with much relevance for these times .
Standout acting elevates what could have been a clumsy script from writer Taylor Sheridan -LRB- the former Sons of Anarchy star -RRB- .
The 101 minutes that follow essentially comprise a feature-length Nebraska-era Bruce Springsteen song , their brilliance lying in the details .
Hot damn , this one 's a goodie - a mesmerizing , modern-day western that moves with the coiled intensity of a rattlesnake ready to spring .
Hell or High Water is more than just another movie about cops and robbers .
It 's simply one of the best films of the year .
There 's a real sense of desperation embedded in the core of the picture .
`` Hell or High Water '' overcomes its vapid political leanings with loads of West Texas atmosphere , smart dialogue and acutely observed relationships .
A sterling example of genre craftsmanship at its intelligent and unexpectedly affecting best .
You could freeze nearly any frame of Hell or High Water and you 'd be looking at a work of art . It 's stark and breathtaking and gorgeous to behold .
Misgivings , maybe , but the go-for-broke performances by Bridges , Foster , and Pine are just so damned enjoyable that little impedes the fun while the movie is unfolding .
`` Hell or High Water '' may be the best picture released so far in 2016 .
We do n't live in an era of white hats and black hats . Maybe we never did . Today , everyone is gray - or , in Mackenzie 's color scheme , faded blue and sad beige
In a word , `` Hell or High Water '' is terrific .
It 's not every day that we see a movie that 's fresh , exciting and dangerous , slapping you from explosive laughter to stunned attention . Mood and atmosphere and interesting character acting are rarely handled as well as this .
The tension and anger in this neo-Western practically radiate off the screen .
The believable bond between Pine and Foster adds one more meaningful stitch of personal history to a script that perfectly combines the Old West with the Nu .
Audiences have been down this dusty backroad before . The thrill of High Of High Water is in its skillful , offbeat execution .
You might have to go back to 1967 's Bonnie and Clyde to find a film about bank robbers that feels as of its time as David Mackenzie 's Hell or High Water .
Hell or High Water is a rare humanist Western : Finality is the true villain .
A suspenseful and purposeful thriller that uses the iconography of classic Westerns to tell a modern story .
A manhunt movie that blends action , comedy , drama and even a smidgen of social commentary into an almost perfect package , offering excitement , laughs and a dollop of poignancy to go along with them .
Texas is as much a riveting character in -LSB- this -RSB- fascinating crime drama as the brothers turned bank robbers at its heart or the laconic lawman who coolly follows them across the sun-hardened landscape like a hunter on the trail of his next kill .
They do n't make them like this anymore - but they still can , and here 's the proof .
`` Hell or High Water '' has one foot in pulp conventions , and the other in some stimulating , morally tricky contemporary answers to those conventions . What the movie has , above all , is a dramatic line , clean and straight .
In this bleak West Texas landscape where everyone seems to be struggling , you find yourself rooting , inexplicably , for all of them against a clear villain : the faceless , predatory bank .
It pulls the viewer in multiple directions , but it never unravels , delivering a true thrill ride that feels emotionally authentic and remains decidedly cinematic .
`` Hell or High Water '' is a gripping heist drama keenly attuned to the outsider politics of our times .
The rare crime movie with room for both commentary on the housing crisis and `` That 's what she said '' jokes .
A thrilling , tense , and weirdly funny heist film anchored by a tight , no-nonsense script .
Director David Mackenzie tells a sad story about desperate characters that is somehow as thrilling as it is heartbreaking .
Not everything is what it seems in this deceptively simple story .
Let 's make it easy : If you like sitting in a dark room looking at pictures that move , you should see `` Hell or High Water . '' It 's terrific .
A heist picture that plays like a Waylon Jennings song -- lonesome , ornery and mean .
A dusty , blood-soaked myth of crime and punishment far from fantasy , a finger planted on the pulse -- and the trigger .
Hell or High Water delivers both action and character that should satisfy viewers looking for an alternative to high-octane Hollywood blockbusters .
Hell or High Water 's deliberate pacing gives it the feel of a heist story with its feet stuck in mud - and that 's a good thing .
As with Sicario , the broad strokes of the film 's Southwestern stereotypes gradually sharpen into focus as the story pivots to a look at the systemic forces that shape the characters .
It 's got a dry dusty power , and a dark sense of humor . And when it finally saddles up and really rides , pardner , you 'd best get out of its way .
-LSB- CANNES 2016 -RSB- `` Hell or High Water '' is a real gem - a high point Cannes 2016 . Look for this entertaining drama to attract a following in the States and beyond .
Mackenzie is about to hit the big time with this one as Hollywood will no doubt be knocking at his door with a lot more opportunities .
Starred Up director David Mackenzie helms with muscle and panache , in both bracing action scenes and quieter moments of introspection , all framed gorgeously by cinematographer Giles Nuttgens .
Hell Or High Water plays out in unexpected ways , culminating in a tense final showdown that 's somehow simultaneously an epilogue , the story having already concluded . -LRB- Neat trick , that . -RRB-
Sheridan 's script - filled with quotable zingers , telling character details , and topical anger - comes to vivid , exciting life with that cast , in particular Bridges , who seems to have finally found another gruff , down-home type worthy of his talents .
In depicting the disenfranchised and financially broken , Mackenzie is more successful than either Andrea Arnold or Jodie Foster , who both dealt with similar themes in their Cannes offerings .
A brilliantly executed , sharply written genre gem .
If you feel like you 've heard it all before , the film nontheless provides more than its share of entertainment to make it a surefooted and perfectly enjoyable ride .
For a pacy cops-and-robbers exercise , it does n't only have smart things to say , but even smarter ways to put them .
Nine films into his all-over-the-map 14-year movie career , David Mackenzie delivers what is certainly his most commercially appealing entry so far , and one of his most fully achieved .
It 's an action-thriller with punch ; Bridges gives the characterisation ballast and heft and Pine and Foster bring a new , grizzled maturity to their performances .
A gritty , darkly humorous , and fiendishly violent neo-western .
`` Hell or High Water '' is a thrillingly good movie - a crackerjack drama of crime , fear , and brotherly love set in a sun-roasted , deceptively sleepy West Texas that feels completely exotic for being so authentic .
A soulful outlaw tale with a socioeconomic perspective and a rich sense of place .

@highlight

Hell or High Water offers a solidly crafted , well-acted Western heist thriller that eschews mindless gunplay in favor of confident pacing and full-bodied characters .