Between the smartest effects and Gordon 's canny performance , -LSB- Christine -RSB- is more diverting than the material probably deserves .
I love Carpenter , and I like Christine well enough , but I 'm not as enthusiastic about it as I am about other King films .
Relatively artless when compared to several other King adaptations around the time -LRB- Carrie , The Shining , The Dead Zone -RRB- or even with Carpenter 's previous picture -LRB- 1982 's career-best The Thing -RRB- , the film still delivers the goods as entertainment .
Christine shows us what great filmmakers can do with flawed material , and how even their greatness ca n't solve every problem .
Proves Carpenter 's mastery of both mood and the widescreen frame .
Slickly made dumb horror flick about a diabolical car and a nerd transformed into a lady killer .
Fifties fetishism here is not nostalgia but critique , the cultural residue that deforms consciousness
Tight editing and some decent scares make this one of the better King adaptations .
This deja vu premise -LSB- from the novel by Stephen King -RSB- combined with the crazed vehicle format , makes Christine appear pretty shop-worn .
Boils down to another average adaptation of one of the increasingly weak Stephen King novels that hit Hollywood like a bad rash in 1983 .
Carpenter 's thematic self-consciousness ca n't entirely overcome a shaky dramatic structure that sacrifices character logic to increasingly meaningless thrills .
Off the page , a 1958 Plymouth is no more scary than the St Bernard which romped through Cujo .
This is the kind of movie where you walk out with a silly grin , get in your car , and lay rubber halfway down the Eisenhower .
Tense and faithful adaptation of the Stephen King classic .
Only a moderately engrossing film .
Christine does n't distinguish itself alongside director John Carpenter 's high points .
Amusingly silly horror flick with better than average production values
It manages to entertain .
Carpenter 's classic concerning killer cars .








@highlight

The cracks are starting to show in John Carpenter 's directorial instincts , but Christine is nonetheless silly , zippy fun .