You watch this brain-dead film in a similar state yourself , until its culmination at -- where else ? -- the cheesiest of masked balls .
If you 've ever lain awake at night wondering what might happen if someone were to combine the porny misogyny of Joe Eszterhas with the blood-soaked eroticism of Anne Rice , you can now rest easy ; Eternal provides your answer .
But for all its exposed skin , the film 's pulse is hard to find .
Neron and Pla look like porn stars and have about the same level of acting ability .
... this whole production might as well just be a music video featuring everything Elizabeth from lusting for blood to bathing in it and the process involved .
ETERNAL is a sexy and stylish horror thriller from Canada that unfortunately seems to be re-treading all-too-familiar territory . It gets points for its lavish production design , but very little for originality or real horror .
Eternal is only occasionally completely stupid ... but it 's never very bright either .
This oddball mixture of bloodsucking horror and soft-core porn is both objectively terrible and perversely fascinating .
There 's no camp in this vamp ; the lady , and the film , is a tramp .
the photography only creates a sense of suspense that something worth seeing may eventually appear
It was cooler when it was called Basic Instinct .
That the acting is stilted and that the filmmakers and especially Pla take themselves so seriously serves to make Eternal deliriously silly camp fare .
Conrad Pla turns in a performance of such staggering ineptitude that it almost -LRB- key word : almost -RRB- reaches a so-bad-it 's - good , Plan 9 From Outer Space brilliance .
A desperate cop is in over his head under the spell of a reincarnated lesbian vampire with great hair .
I would n't recommend this for theatrical viewing , but as late night cable fare , it 's an acceptable way for an insomniac to pass two hours .
Just by being true to the legend , as if Erszebet had truly lived , Eternal is an interesting work , an erotic thriller with a supernatural bent .
Perfect for watching on video on a cool Cape Cod night , but maybe not so arousing in an arthouse for 10 bucks and change .
Eternal is the kind of horror movie where the only horror is a misplaced vase .
A terrible script , pedestrian direction , and acting that 's mediocre at best signify that Eternal ... -LSB- is -RSB- ready-made , moderately sexy fodder for late-night Skin-emax .
Half real , half fantasy ... not much of Eternal makes any sense at all , and Pope 's police work is some of the shoddiest on screen , ever
While Eternal starts off strong , with an intense supernatural and hyper-sexual undercurrent that 's sort of interesting , by the start of the third act , Eternal slips into something near camp .
-LSB- A -RSB- stylishly kinky exercise in blood-soaked eroticism .
Quite silly and not especially scary .
It 's impossible to overstate the silliness of all this , but it would still be a decent Halloween trick -- if it were Halloween .
Lush , lurid and completely besotted with itself , Eternal is one of those movies normally found slinking around the ether of late-night cable television .
Real scares are few , in part because the major characters are unsympathetic .
Bram Stoker would be , well , horrified .
Tame and cheesy even by the modest standards of the genre , Eternal needs all the intellectual trappings it can find .
Hope springs for `` Eternal , '' more an erotic character study than an unsightly bloodbath .
Eternal is a red-ripe , overwrought fetish feast that 's sure to entertain fans of the lush , romantisized vampire genre .
Power , obsession , and death ; Eternal embraces them all .
Rent The Red Shoe Diaries instead .
It 's the multidimensional characterization and dialogue that elevates this film far far above being just a vampire movie with a more literate back-story .


@highlight

Even by the standards of camp , Eternal fails to entertain .