Red Eye is the best Hollywood can do : a nifty flick about nothing .
The plot device of `` woman in trouble meets woman triumphant '' has grown a little long in the tooth lately but that does n't mean it does n't work .
The movie gains an effective footing by , basically , thoroughly exploiting one 's fear of being blackmailed into something dangerous .
While not particularly original , Red Eye is immensely entertaining and a fine example of the classic suspense-thriller .
Works extremely well as a fast-paced adrenaline rush , but not so well as an allegory on today 's government and security issues .
Quick but satisfying .
Hitchcock , of course , got lots of mileage out of just such absurd plots . But Wes Craven , whatever other strengths he has , is n't Hitchcock .
this mid-air thriller sees the director not so much soaring to the heavens as merely coasting along on auto-pilot .
Terrific casting can work wonders for a movie . If the stars are good enough , logic gaps as deep as the Marianas Trench disappear in the performers ' glow .
Fans of the thriller genre will probably be scared and entertained , but seeing Red Eye is more like watching a good television show than a good movie .
The psychological mind-games are played to the hilt , the pressurised cabin air increases the edge-of-the-seat tension and the 85-minute flight time is gratifyingly short .
This is a screenplay so unbelievably bad that not even two very fine young actors and a director known for his knack for suspense can salvage it .
Not the most sophisticated psychological thriller , yet slick fun deftly handled by Craven and his leads .
Sure , it is n't the most original cookie in the jar , but that does n't make it any less tasty , this slick B-movie thrill-ride breaking out as one of the summer 's most white-knuckled surprises .
Just when you thought that Wes Craven was washed-up , back up he comes like one of the killers in his films , teeth bared and meat cleaver grasped firmly in hand .
Strictly B-grade fare , but it has a playful wit and enough genuine tension to make it worth your time and money .
Disbelief is never suspended by this silly waste of decent talent
If constructing a thriller could be likened to building a house , then Wes Craven 's Red Eye is a perfect piece of architecture : It 's clean-lined and soundly structured , without a foot of wasted space or any materials left unused .
The remarkable thing about Red Eye - what sets it apart from the typical action film it could so easily have been - is how pointedly ... feminist is its point of view .
Craven serves up a giddy and taut psychological thriller that will have audiences proudly reaching for their assigned barf bags .
The problem is that this film has nothing particularly new and original to make it stand out from the thrillers like , for example , Larry Cohen writes .
Poderia ser um bom filme produzido para a tevê . Como esforço para Cinema , no entanto , é apenas mediano .
It 's all too big and too self-conscious , culminating in a third-act chase that makes one preposterous move after another .
I 'm not claiming masterpiece stature for Red Eye , just a solid professionalism in the acting , writing and direction that seems inextricably related to the modesty of its intentions .
The movie turns into a complicated duel that depends on precise observation of physical detail and moment-by-moment continuity so closely calibrated that it 's impossible to find a wasted shot or an exaggerated emotion .
Craven is back on fine form with Red Eye - easily one of the finest suspense thrillers of the year .
Craven 's direction is brisk and efficient - he packs in fights , chase scenes , suspense sequences and explosions and still manages to wrap up the movie in just over 80 minutes .
A classy thriller that scoots along at breakneck speed .
As a Friday night DVD movie , this is passable . As a multiplex movie event , it never leaves the runway .
Rare these days is the thriller that takes its time , allowing us to get comfortable with the characters before starting the chase or inducing the shocks .
No screen fatigue here . Red Eye is a lean , focused work that concentrates much of its claustrophobic terror within the not-so-friendly skies .
A taut , terrific thriller
Its parts are greater than its sum ; small pleasures not commensurate with the quality of the film as a whole .
A lean , no-nonsense thriller that depends on fully realized characters , drum-tight pacing and effective storytelling to deliver the goods .
Red Eye is a wind-up machine of elegant simplicity , an increasingly uncommon breed among today 's bloated genre films .
For Wes Craven , who I like a lot as a slasher director , he really goes into a different direction with this .
Even during the final sequence ... , Red Eye delivers . That 's because this is a thriller with horror as a lightning rod .
Craven pulls off what George Romero could n't with his `` Land of the Dead , '' namely , successfully widen the scope of his subject matter and patented style .
... tense , exciting , and thoroughly entertaining ...
If you 've seen its theatrical trailer then you 've seen `` Red Eye . ''
Smart performances -LRB- by up-and-comers Rachel McAdams and Cillian Murphy -RRB- highlight Wes Craven 's overnight fright .
It took forever , but the best thriller of summer 2005 has finally arrived . The gripping , seat - clutching suspense in this baby will pin you to your seat .
A nearly perfect thriller .
After a summer of crashes , bangs , endless chase scenes and special effects that belittle the actors standing in front of them , what a pleasure to see characters in a thriller doing what people like themselves possibly could do .
... takes off , climbs to cruising speed and lands in a blink of an eye . It moves fast , but not fast enough that you do n't notice the fly-by-night feminism at work .
Almost all of this movie is shot on a plane . Unfortunately it was n't fatally injured .
Tight and tense . `` Red-Eye '' delivers the thrills .
It 's good , clean fun , although a bit unbelievable at times .
Reminds us that moviegoers and air travelers both pack themselves into tight rows of padded seats where they may experience turbulence and even white-knuckled terror ...
Saying that it 's better than Craven 's last film is n't much more of a compliment than saying that its last reel is funnier than anything in The 40-Year-Old Virgin .
A nail-biting 90 minutes at the movies . Wes Craven got it right this time . Hop aboard for the thrill-ride of the summer !
Craven wastes no time with blasé character development or backstory , launching into his 85-minute chiller without warning
A flight into fright that will keep your eyes wide open with fear and suspense .
Craven Tries High-Concept Terror and Learns Why Even Hitchcock had Trouble with Small Spaces
superbly sustained tension ... makes the fights between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie in ` Mr. and Mrs. Smith ' look like innocent roughhousing .
A slick suspense thriller with no real surprises , but it is so well-crafted that it soars above most recent entries in this over-worked genre .
` Red Eye ' is a movie that flies for a while , but is finally grounded by its heavy cargo of unbelievability .
`` Red-Eye '' is a movie worth staying up for .
A terrorist tale with a far-fetched storyline and finale .
A perfect grace note to an exceptionally action-packed summer movie season .
This film ... reminds us that -LSB- Craven -RSB- 's one of the real masters of horror .
With their riveting performances in ` Red Eye , ' Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams are on the way to A-list movie stardom .
Craven 's best since Scream ONE .
It 's preposterous but deliciously so , and we eagerly suspend our disbelief .
A brisk , little Hitchcockian thriller with some nice , ghoulish touches courtesy of Craven .
There is something to be said for a movie that dares to live the cliché and work smarter , not harder .
Given that Red Eye runs less than 80 minutes without credits , the utter failure of its final act is damning .
A great film ? No , but Red Eye does what it sets out to do , which is more than I can say about most of the films I 've seen this year .
It 's only the conclusion of the film that makes Red Eye less than horrormeister Wes Craven 's finest work .
the bulk of the movie is taut , compelling , and simply consists of two people talking to each other .
Red Eye packs all the tension of a turbulent flight but ends with the equivalent of a stale sack of pretzels
Red Eye is a lean , efficient thriller ... with an ingenious premise and a snappy pace .
Wes Craven takes off with taut , tense thriller - buckle up for a turbulent flight !
Fast and furious and tightly focused and blessedly short at 85 minutes , it recalls not so much today 's bloated , computer-crazed films , but tighter melodramas of the '50s .
Red Eye does n't just stick to the basics -- it reminds us why they still matter .
The kind of quick-paced , jolt-packed and ultimately throwaway film that 's always welcome in the summer .
-LSB- Craven finds -RSB- another new way to stoke our apprehensions of being caught vulnerable and helpless .
Wes Craven 's airplane thriller strips down the mechanics of suspense to bare basics .
An immensely dumb , immensely fun thriller .
Taut and claustrophobic , with hardly a wasted word or gesture ...
McAdams is excellent because she shows Lisa 's strength and cunning without ever underplaying her vulnerability .
A mostly smart scary movie , Red Eye effectively updates the slasher flick to address current fears .
The set-up is n't classic Craven so much as it is Hitchcock -- Strangers on a Train combined with Saboteur , with the average Joe , or Jane , called upon to provide heroic feats in service of his/her country .
A film that delivers high tension without the baggage of postmodern irony .
McAdams and Murphy keep this air disaster just gripping enough to survive . They 're two actors to watch -- although one hopes we 'll be watching them in better films than this .
Runs into problems over logic as it battles plot line turbulence .
Teach this one in film schools . Maybe it could save us from all those stupid , nobody-would-do-that plot turns , flaccid formula screenwriting and thrillers that run so long they lose their thrills .
The movie is a pleasant surprise at the end of summer , and an exciting detour from one of the most influential directors of horror films .
An airborne suspense thriller that terrifies with a smile .
Please fasten your seat belts -- you 're in for quite a flight .
Once the plane touches land , things go downhill . The movie devolves into a by-the-book action flick .
In short , Red Eye hits the bull 's - eye .
This is a sophisticated genre movie , and it 's effective on many levels .
A reliable addition to Craven 's canon , despite some shaky scriptwriting and ludicrous developments .
If you can sit back , buckle up and forgive the plot holes on its runway , Craven 's bumpy ride is rollicking entertainment , careening from winking humor and cutting dialogue to big action payoffs .
Sitting through Red Eye is like watching a master carpenter at work on a custom bookcase . No one would call the result art , but you 're sure bound to admire the sheer craft of the thing .
The movie works best when the action is confined to two people on the plane , because it is n't able to resort to silly action . Cillian Murphy is excellent at being menacing .
Rare these days is the thriller that takes its time , allowing us to get comfortable with the characters and the characters to get comfortable with one another before starting the chase or inducing the shocks .
There are no dinosaurs , starships , monsters or special effects involved . Just two humans pressed too close to one another , locked in a fight for survival . What could be more frightening ?
While a few of the film 's more preposterous story elements do remain glaring , Red Eye is nonetheless enjoyable and exciting , something more than merely a guilty pleasure .
If you can suspend enough disbelief to follow a plot that sacrifices itself on an altar of cheap , end-of-picture thrills , you 'll get your money 's worth .
Briskly paced , it takes less time than a flight from Denver to L.A. . It may not be a classic , but it 's way more satisfying than a mini-bag of pretzels and a soda .
A one-trick action thriller that feels like a poor cousin of an episode of 24 .
Red Eye proves once again that imaginative wrapping enhances any package 's appeal .
` Efficient ' is among the highest adjectives of praise I can apply to a thriller , and this is one efficient movie .
It moves through its paces competently but with little inspiration and even less real interest -- this despite the fact that thrillers are close cousins to horror films , which ought to put them squarely in Craven 's milieu .
Why a terrorist looking to kill the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security would take pity on saving the people in the rest of a Miami hotel building is beyond me .
The tension rises mostly from the verbal game of cat and mouse of the hunter and hunted sharing adjacent seats .
It 's not a bad movie ; it just did n't scare me at all , though it did make me reconsider my preference for window seats .
Who knows if Craven 's back on track , but for the first time in years , he 's drawn shivers from the power of story and suggestion , not the awfulness of his movies .
-LSB- T -RSB- horoughly enthralling and completely rip-rousing ...
Like flying in coach , Red Eye is fast and economical , delivers its share of jolts and gets a little bumpy toward the end .
Damn entertaining and - even better - at just 85 minutes , it 's refreshingly economical .
There is n't enough Visine in the world ! ''
Wes Craven turns in a tightly wound roller-coaster ride . Intellectually , you know it 's improbable , but you ca n't help but raise your hands when the big drop comes .
A tightly-wound , tense thriller that 's worth the trip to the theater .
For a movie getting unceremoniously released during the dog days of the summer movie season , Red Eye deserves a look .
-LSB- Wes Craven -RSB- should have stayed with what he knows best .
Sometimes you have to be grateful for simple pleasures .
Until he moves into action territory , Wes Craven keeps the tension tight and mostly avoids big plot holes .
Tight ... Taut ... Gripping ... Craven 's most suspenseful film since The Hills Have Eyes .
Leave it to director Wes Craven ... Red Eye is a nail biting , edge of your seat experience , and he does it all in under 90 minutes .
One to watch on an airplane with the sound off .
There 's a crackling B-movie vibe to this gripping little thriller .
Book your seat for this one now .
It falls apart near the end , but does so in such a fun way that it 's still every bit as exciting and entertaining .
Wes Craven weaves a masterful staging , right up until Lisa and Jackson get off of the plane .
For one tense , nail-biting half hour , it 's up there with Craven 's best .
The film 's contained setting and solid performances drag it over the top and make it a flight to book and enjoy if not necessarily forever remember .
Fanatically intense .
Begins as a tense , well-written and brilliantly directed psychological thriller .
Almost too happy to be your standard , paranoid , woman-in-peril , audience participation thriller .
A rock-em , sock-em , deliriously fantastic wedge of pop thriller , Red Eye cleanses Craven 's past sins away , at least for the time being .
Most rollercoasters last less than two minutes and you have to wait an hour to ride them . For that I consider Red Eye one helluva bargain .
McAdams does a wonderful job pulling all of this together to be equal parts scared , vulnerable and tough enough to kick some booty .
does n't fully mine the modern fear of post-9 / 11 air travel
A single hour episode of the TV show ' 24 ' contains more of the kind of suspense Craven was trying for .
Wes Craven banishes the memory of Cursed to bring us a lean thriller that 's just right for armrest-gripping .
That all-too-rare Hollywood creation : a tightly wound , intelligent , and gimmick-free suspense film .
There is n't a bit of the plot that is not predictable , but there 's always a giddy thrill in seeing someone pop out from behind something where you had not expected him to be .
A relentless heaping of masterfully created full-throttle suspense in a thriller that is as time and story-efficient as it is good , old-fashioned fun .
A movie that , like its heroine , is lithe , limber and quick-thinking . Like a triple latte from the airport Starbucks , Red Eye will keep you awake , jittery and perched on the edge of your seat for pretty much the entire flight .
Red Eye stretches believability to the breaking point more than once , but the story moves with such headlong speed that there 's scarcely time to object .
-LSB- The film -RSB- goes painfully traditional in its last act , but until then it 's an extraordinary exercise in claustrophobia : a movie Hitchcock might have made about our 9/11 paranoia .
There are enough thrills during the final third to give Red Eye viewers a few of Craven 's patented jolts near the end . But it requires forbearance for both a silly script and uneven pacing to get to that point .
This is what we call summer entertainment , and who would have thought that a mid-August barnburner would emerge as one of the best films of the summer ?
There 's something to be said for a movie that takes a modest premise , executes it efficiently and sends us packing in less time than it takes to cook a roast .
Taut . Tense . Gripping . Suspenseful . This reviewer has n't used those words in so long I think I heard the keyboard cough . Nevertheless , they all apply to Wes Craven 's Red Eye .
This nifty , tense thriller directed by Wes Craven brings together a classic setup and a relevant-sounding if thoroughly undercooked story involving worldwide terrorism .
It 's encouraging that Craven cast two relative newcomers who are excited about being in the film , rather than stale stars earning a paycheck .
Red-Eye is the work of a filmmaker in command of the full resources of the camera in telling a story visually and with economy .
Craven , an old hand at menace , shifts gears smoothly from the slasher parodies of Scream , offering a more subdued brand of suspense .
Current ` it ' girl Rachel McAdams and Irish heartthrob Cillian Murphy had best hope this one passes beneath the radar at supersonic speed .
Craven uses the claustrophobic confines of the airplane well , keeping things moving to create visual interest but always making us aware of how vulnerable Lisa feels .
-LSB- A -RSB- brisk , efficient B movie .
Coming in at a fairly miraculous 85 minutes ... its built-for-speed , no-nonsense style goes a long way toward juicing this summer 's dog days .
Preposterous , to be sure . And the credibility gap only widens as Jack 's lethal mission nears its consummation . But by that point , Craven already has us in the palm of his hand , smooth-talking us with a finesse worthy of his dashing villain .
A fun , suspenseful romp , thanks to good acting and an even better , economic 85-minute running time .
A nifty thriller that plays like B-movie blast from the past .
First-time screenwriter Carl Ellsworth and director Wes Craven do n't come up with a single clever way to generate suspense .
A minimalist exercise in maximalist suspense .
Features a scheme so needlessly convoluted that the heroine in peril even spends most of her time complaining about its ineptitude .
If you stop to think about it , the setup is kind of silly ... but , luckily , director Wes Craven ... keeps things brisk enough that you rarely do stop to think about .
A jet-fueled dynamo of airborne horror , the film marks the revitalization of director Wes Craven .
A genuine white-knuckle flight ... though it hits some narrative potholes and logical turbulence , it takes you where Craven wants you to go .
Smart , funny , and keenly aware - even celebrating - of its own wild contrivances , it 's the stuff of popcorn-movie bliss .
A good measure of the movie 's white-knuckle fun comes from Craven 's old-hand familiarity with the way thrillers tick , predicated on the smallest and most banal of missed connections , the kind that get an audience to go crazy .
Wes Craven does a magnificent job in directing this slow-burn , short-fused thriller .
The setup flies , the tension builds , and screenwriter Carl Ellsworth cooks a taut summer page-turner of a thriller with mild political overtones .
... slick and unpretentious , it wants nothing more than to be this year 's Cellular -- and for maybe an hour or so it succeeds .
Red Eye is a model of swiftness and efficiency , shrouded in a veil of secrecy .
A taut thriller that advises : Do n't talk to strangers .
McAdams delivers a tour de force ; Murphy is delightfully evil , and Craven makes a smashing debut with a taut thriller that would be welcome in Hollywood 's Golden Era .
Craven 's terror-alert white-knuckler is a zippy , unpretentious entry in the subgenre , hinging on the enforced proximity of cat and mouse .
Craven 's taut thriller is a B-movie wrapped in a glossy package , but the expert carftsmanship barely conceals the fact that enjoyable as it is , the film is basically plotless
Establishes a mood and manages to keep it edgy and claustrophobic throughout .
No doubt for his next movie Wes will be back to his worn out horror tricks , but for seventy five out of eighty five minutes he 's taken a welcome side trip .
An especially effective and efficient thriller .
Wes Craven tries his hand at Hitchcockian suspense in Red-Eye , and turns in a modest B-movie thriller that 's just as invigorating as it is easy to pick apart .
It pulls just about every nail-biting , edge-of-your-seat trick imaginable , yet gets away with it through what is , admittedly , a clever and original gimmick .
Red Eye relies on hoodwinking an audience with its tension , so that the sheer illogic of the conspiracy plot can slip by without detection .
At last - the perfect summer film . Wes Craven delivers a quick , tense high . You got ta go !
It 's a minor film , no question , but it 's also one that could exist in no other time with this kind of resonance .
This is the film that PANIC ROOM wanted to be , and it 's not so obsessed with being slick and overstylized that it loses sight of the basics .
played out with a squirm-inducing tension that occasionally supersedes the instinct to breathe







@highlight

With solid performances and tight direction from Wes Craven , Red Eye is a brisk , economic thriller .