The film itself ca n't seem to decide whether it 's a Saturday morning serial for the kids , a new Indiana Jones , or something with a bit more dramatic heft
Sharif grounds the silliness a little . When he looks across the desert with those eyes that have always hinted that hard weather is coming , everybody else rushing around the set looks overdressed for a costume party .
... the film 's hold on the viewer dwindles steadily as it enters its progressively dull midsection ...
If you take it as historical fact , it 's got a world of problems . But if you 're just in the mood to be entertained , it can be a decent piece of Saturday afternoon escapism .
Whether or not the events depicted really happened to Hopkins , it 's still a damn fun story .
Formulaic , overly simple , too violent for tweens .
The event around which the movie revolves is a desert mirage , since there is no record of any such race ever being staged . Nonetheless , those able to ignore this outrageous historical distortion might enjoy this triumph of an underdog aganst the odds .
Even if the story were true , the film 's events have been fictionalized beyond belief .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- so careful about being inoffensive that it never has the guts to suggest much of anything except ` Be Nice to Others and Especially to Horses . '
Will Hidalgo survive the brutal desert to demand more creative control over his next film ?
Fitfully entertaining hokum as long as it is n't taken too seriously ... Remarkably , Disney does n't whitewash the more politically incorrect elements of Hopkins ' tale .
This is grand cowboy fun , a wild adventure with a glorious sense of excitement and wonder .
... why were n't the Disney folks content simply to tell a good story ? Could it have been because they knew they did n't have a very good story ?
The film 's most harrowing scenes are predictable and utterly unoriginal .
The picture plays out with the robust character of the old Flash Gordon movies .
The stereotypes and blatant propaganda would n't irritate so much if the action itself was n't so relentlessly dreary -- a desert of imagination , parched of original ideas .
An adventure that never met a cliche it could n't saddle , mount and ride for a butt-numbing two hours and sixteen minutes .
Completely lacks the nobility , statue , and credibility due such an amazing story , even if it is an old man 's folly .
Slow , plodding and arduous , though spiked with occasional hiccups of excitement .
It is pure popcorn fun , whether there is a grain of truth in the story , or if it is merely an entertaining western tall tale .
An entertaining western adventure that radiates simplicity .
It 's a widescreen Saturday matinee movie gloriously resurrected .
A big , beautiful film that 's thoroughly enjoyable even if it never tries to be meaningful .
An exciting , colorful and very appealing movie .
The screen language of Hidalgo invites nostalgia for adventure films without satisfying it .
Sidesteps most of the pitfalls of the genre while delivering thrilling action , vivid characters and a memorable story .
Entertaining , although it suffers from uneven pacing , one tangential and overlong plot development near the climax , and several mediocre process shots .
at its most effective when it distills everything down to the love story between a man and his horse
It 's a manqué of a rousing adventure tale and not the real thing . You 're constantly aware of the gulf between how the movie wants to excite you and the halfhearted execution .
Hidalgo '' only stumbles when it tries to be something its not -LRB- an Indiana Jones type of action film -RRB- .
Horses ca n't act .
It could have been a good adventure story . Disney should have stuck to Hopkins 's story whether it was true or not .
`` Hidalgo '' does n't even come close to `` Seabiscuit . ''
Memories of movies past trot through Hidalgo , but with all the substance of a mirage ... Mortensen plays Hopkins , a cross between the Marlboro Man and Indiana Jones .
Popcorn for us and oats for the horses , delivered by the tall drink of water that is Mortensen .
Chose certaine , après le film , vous aurez aussi l'impression d'avoir parcouru chacun ... des ... 3000 ... pénibles ... miles de cette supposé course ...
A facile tall tale of race and a race made by Disney in decline .
Leave it to Hollywood to turn an amazing true story about courage and self-redemption into a shameless action extravaganza .
This is the film Seabiscuit should have been .
A hybrid of both traditional and revisionist contradictions .
Viggo Mortensen nails the archetypal cowboy .
Mortensen 's charisma ca n't tame Hidalgo 's runaway plot
The visual effects are almost seamlessly integrated and very effective , especially in the claustrophobic brutality of the dust storm sequence . It 's brief , but terrifying .
... filled with cliches .
An enjoyable ride , as long as you do n't take it seriously .
Overwrought , overacted , overlong .
If you are in the mood for an old-fashioned adventure in exotic locales with magnificent equines and lots of familiar action , then this may be the movie for you .
... essentially Seabiscuit minus the cheering crowds
A big old chunk of horse poop .
I know Seabiscuit . Seabiscuit was a friend of mine . Hidalgo is no Seabiscuit .
Had it not been PG-13 , this would be classic Disney-brand entertainment .
Capitulates to weak dialogue , poor pacing , and a half-hearted performance from mumbler Viggo Mortensen , leaving it to be remembered more for a few scenes than as a total film
Worth seeing just for Sharif , too long gone from the screen .
Director Joe Johnston ... screenwriter John Fusco ... and God knows who else have packed it with clumsy endorsements of America 's current adventures in the Middle East .
You know exactly where the story 's going , and you know exactly what Frank 's going to do in any given situation , though I admit he generally does it with panache .
-LSB- I -RSB- n spite of the scenic desert vistas , this is a cliche-ridden film about the feisty upstart who beats the establishment .
It 's certainly not an embarrassment to anyone , but it 's the sort of cinema that evaporates from your mind - like a mirage - when you walk out of the theatre .
Bogs itself down with overplotting and a languid pace .
One rousing , if rote , adventure .
... for those who do n't mind a bit -- well , more than a bit -- of cheerfully preposterous hokum , Hidalgo offers a rip-snortin ' , sporadically diverting ride .
Lawrence this ai n't ; not by a long shot , and certainly not by a dromedary 's nose hair .
Limited by one-dimensional , even stereotypical characters and a predictable and drawn-out plot .
Mortensen 's charisma makes Hopkins ' ` aw-shucks , ma'am ' mannerisms surprisingly palatable , but he 's still in constant danger of losing the spotlight to the personable Hidalgo .
Whether it 's true or not has little to do with whether it works as a movie , and overall it does , thanks to Mortensen 's slightly hesitant charm ... and some dazzling visual work from director of photography Shelley Johnson .
It 's not as if we have n't seen movies like Hidalgo before -- the cowboy , the horse , the hat -- and yet there 's something fresh about it all the same .
Delivers great-looking people and animals and action to stir your most youthful blood .
A rousing popcorn adventure , old-fashioned and rather innocent .
Although Hidalgo is frequently exciting and has been handsomely produced on a grand scale , you ca n't help but wonder what either Spielberg or Cameron could have done with this material .
`` Hidalgo '' is a barely entertaining movie ; what it does best is prove that Viggo Mortensen has legs
It 's an extremely handsome movie , and it has an abiding love of horses .
it 's a flaccid affair , a movie that could stand to lose about 30 minutes right off the top .
Suffers from weird shifts in tone , offensively outdated stereotypes , a cumbersome subplot -- and a supposedly fact-based story that bears only a nodding acquaintance with reality .
It 's a bit of an oddball story , but surely there was a less plodding way to elaborate on it .
Every time someone opens his or her mouth , out comes something asinine .
Intermittently entertaining slog .
Even when it stretches credibility to the breaking point , Hidalgo is a larger-than-life adventure with a brisk pace and a charismatic star .
Even considering its derivative nature , Hidalgo offers adventure , exotic locations , magnificent horses , a love story and heroics at every turn and that 's what great matinee-style entertainment is all about .
Johnston definitely does justice to the Moroccan desert vistas . Just remember to bring some cold bottled water .
It takes a thoroughbred star like Mortensen to make the bond between man and horses believable , and to keep Hidalgo from straying too far into fields of corn .
Little more than a subpar rip-off of the Indy films with some mild -LSB- David -RSB- Lean flavoring .
True or supersized to legendary proportions , the story is n't especially well-told , and it 's definitely void of nuance and depth .
Bold , exuberant and swashbuckling , it has the purity and simplicity of something Douglas Fairbanks or Errol Flynn might have bounded through .
The dunes flow but the narrative lurches in this based-on-fact tale striving for grandeur .
Like most movies about men and horses , Hidalgo spares no expense in matters of corniness .
Mortensen ... carries himself like Gary Cooper here , radiating earthy charm and easy humor , as well as a quiet determination .
Can Viggo Mortensen carry a movie the way his trusty steed Hidalgo carries him across the desert ? You betcha , partner .
Like Frankenstein 's monster , stitched together from parts of so many great movies that director Joe Johnston wishes this overstuffed movie could be .
Hidalgo is like the desert itself -- long stretches of boredom occasionally interrupted by brief oases of frenzied activity .
-LSB- A -RSB- s grand as old Hollywood and as fun and as breathtaking and as touching as anything you 'll see at the movies today ...
A popcorn movie of unexpected depth and a rare blockbuster that wo n't cause much eye-rolling when it does cash in .
An old fashioned grade B action pic at heart , Hidalgo tries too hard to be an important epic .
A horse is a horse , but Hidalgo is a legend . The movie almost lives up to his name . It 's just too much of the same thing , it becomes a test of endurance for the audience .
Why am I so surprised that a movie about a grueling endurance race takes so long to reach its own finish line ?
It 's hard these days to associate Viggo Mortensen with words like ` adequate , ' ` competent , ' or ` workmanlike . '
Mortensen attempts to channel the Ghost of Clint Eastwood Westerns Past .
A thrilling race with cartoon contestants .
The hero feels old poop to find out how far behind he is . He steals water from evil military guys , but ... the sandstorm turns his water to mud.These are all intriguing elements .
A rousing if occasionally overwrought adventure saga that plays like a cinematic buffet table , piled high with Seabiscuit , Bite the Bullet , Lawrence of Arabia , The Last Samurai and The Black Stallion .
Fans of Viggo Mortensen 's performance as Aragorn in The Lord of the Rings will find at least one thing to like about Hidalgo : The movie 's a veritable Viggo-a-go-go .
Like last year 's Seabiscuit , the movie spends too much time harping on ancillary bustle , and not enough watching the title character put his hoofs to work .
An entertaining but far-short - of-epic popcorn romp that 's equal parts Indiana Jones and The Last Samurai .
Dances with Seabiscuit of Arabia ... of the Rings
Hokey though it is , with a horse-hugger ending thrown in to boot , Hidalgo has a sweet-natured appeal that welcomes sentiment without overdoing it .
As sheer popcorn-munching fun , it 's an often-rousing action-adventure that confirms Mortensen as a star .
A popcorn film in every way , those who are already struck by Mortensen 's charm and good looks will have a hard time saying neigh to Hidalgo .
This is a bigger-than-life , feel-good yarn with just enough dramatic charge to keep it from floating away .
If there 's one thing I learned from Hidalgo , it 's that Americans are better than Arabs .
If I bought tickets at Arlington Park and made a wager , the last thing I want to see is a jockey leave his mount to go rescue someone 's daughter
I do n't object to ` Hidalgo ' because it may fudge facts ... I object to it because they are used in the service of a story that is , frankly , quite boring .
The American Western becomes a Middle-Eastern in this otherwise routine horse opera .
A crowd-pleaser .
There is a fun , scruffy little B movie buried under the expensive packaging , and it surfaces just enough to make Hidalgo a reasonably diverting popcorn event .
Hidalgo is an old-fashioned adventure yarn that works well and will appeal to equine lovers .
`` Lawrence of Arabia '' locations , `` The Mummy 's '' sandstorm , a rescue a la `` Raiders of the Lost Ark , '' and a scrappy horse besting bigger thoroughbreds like `` Seabiscuit . ''
This primitively plotted family action adventure is one of the few movies that seem to be making up their plots as they go along .
... will probably be good for the kiddos who see that there 's a ` horsey ' movie playing at the cineplex , but for any adults wanting a sweeping epic , look elsewhere .
Feels like an old-fashioned Western , but not in a good way .
The touches of shocking physicality impart a genuine sense of consequence to a potentially trivial horse opera .
Opulent , overlong and uneven .
Too hokey and predictable .
If you 're in the right mood , this can be diverting , partly because Viggo Mortensen is ideally cast as Hidalgo 's owner .
Falls far short of the epic grandeur to which it so obviously aspires because it ca n't shut up .
The action is often gorgeous , but the screenplay is a collection of clichés , and Mortensen 's performance hits one note at the beginning and stays with it for the whole movie .
All the characters ... are either saints or devils , with no attempt to explain why any of them behave the way they do .
There is a lot for the eyes , but not enough for the heart .
One horse movie that 's just lame . And that 's straight from the horse 's mouth .
An intermittently savory stew of Pecos Bill , Laurence of Arabia , and Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron .
The events of Hildago are so far-fetched you wonder why the filmmakers maintain the pretense this story was based on fact .
Mortensen does an exquisite job of revealing just enough of the bottled-up angst to make us aware of the internal turmoil his character battles .
Hidalgo could have been a real eye-roller in the hands of a director of less sincerity and dexterity , but in Johnston 's hands it 's crowd-pleasing gold .
Far too tolerant of cliches and too seduced by its own special effects and battle scenes .
Starts like Last Samurai , looks like Mummy , and ends a la Seabiscuit ; gorgeous-looking hokey horsey drama high on ambition but low on plausibility despite its true-life tale .
Certainly has its problems , but they 're outweighed by the simple pleasures of a picture that takes its cue equally from old-fashioned adventures like Gunga Din and newfangled ones like The Mummy .
... the movie is best when Mortensen keeps it on the level of a genial , Saturday-afternoon serial .
Bogs down in its midsection with a needless kidnapping subplot that ultimately becomes quite tedious .
A fun/schmaltzy action adventure Disney flick .
Hidalgo 's often-sweeping vistas of a foreign land commingle with the beauty of its star , Viggo Mortensen , to deliver an interesting , multi-genre yarn .
Total cheese .
So long as he 's on the horse the movie works , but whenever he dismounts so does the story .
Long on adventure and short on logic , but kudos must be given to the filmmakers for making a horse movie that really celebrates the horse .
Never quite settles into its paces .
Hidalgo is the sort of old-fashioned popcorn entertainment that has become increasingly rare on the current movie scene .
an excruciatingly long 133 minute rough-cut with little truth and little meat between the bones
Rarely has a horse race movie been so lethargic .
A sporadically entertaining adventure movie that is hampered by poor pacing , a badly focused screenplay , and cheesy special effects .
There is enough compelling adventure , awesome cinematography and dynamic stunt work involving horses to keep one entertained .
Nothing kills my Viggo jones like a bad western set in the Arabian Desert .
While the picture is well-meaning and handsomely mounted , many will find it too formulaic , earnest and leisurely to be much more than a barely passable diversion .
I do n't know how they did it , and I suspect CGI might play a part , but , darn , that equine can act
` Hidalgo ' sprawls way too far , and its ambitions considerably exceed its grasp .
It 's nice to see a movie about horses that 's actually interested in letting us connect with its animal lead , instead of just using him the way Tony Hawk uses his skateboard .
Long , ridiculous , and boring .
It 's The Last Samurai except that proud Arabs substitute for the dignified Japanese , and our rugged hero is given a stout , mixed-blood equine sidekick .











@highlight

The scenery looks great , but this overstuffed horse story contains too much cheese .