The unconvincing , histrionic script makes all of this seem more contrived than controlled .
A Late Quartet is a terrible film-it 's like an idiots ' Amour .
It 's a great , engaging acting ensemble perfectly in tune .
We can note immediately that Zilberman has the requisite gifts .
Not without its touching moments , A Late Quartet nevertheless ca n't truly escape the eye-rolling determinism of its script , with only a pragmatic , wry Christopher Walken truly convincing as a man who has lived inextricably bound with his music .
If nothing else , A Late Quartet captures the reality of dealing with professional classical musicians .
A classical-music ensemble rosins up the bull in a tone-deaf melodrama that loves its musical metaphors almost has much as it adores afternoon soaps .
Constantly engaging .
One might expect a film set in the high culture world of classical music to come up with a more sophisticated metaphor for the insecurities of a violinist than having him worry about always playing second fiddle in life .
A Late Quartet is visually and musically rich . But above all there are the performances , individually and as an ensemble , and they 're pitch perfect .
Impressive , superior drama .
While this film has some bracingly strong observations on the nature of long-term professional and personal relationships , it also feels somewhat theatrical in the way its story develops .
It is not flawless but it makes you watch , and listen , closely throughout .
It is n't great art , but it is patterned after great art , and there are worse ways to make a film than that .
The film offers first-rate , mostly middle-aged actors in an intelligent screenplay that 's decently crafted , covers interesting but unfamiliar ground and has a worthwhile central idea .
-LSB- L -RSB- ays on -LSB- its -RSB- metaphor a little too thickly , -LSB- but -RSB- all is preforgiven ... by the sheer joy of getting to watch Christopher Walken , Catherine Keener , and Philip Seymour Hoffman rattle around one another ...
Wants to be Bergman , ends up more like a burgundy-hued Sunset Beach .
The picture 's really about the trials and joys of performing for a living so it 's no surprise that it has attracted such a fine cast , nor that its principal virtue lies in the acting .
A movie with clarity and grownup complexity .
Insightful and incandescent , this is a film for both music lovers and movie lovers .
This skilfully constructed , beautifully performed drama will satisfy audiences looking for smart , intelligent filmmaking .
Engaging drama , enlivened by a trio of terrific performances from Hoffman , Keener and Walken , though the script occasionally feels a little contrived .
The result is a perfectly serviceable , well acted melodrama - but why so serious ?
A pathos-laden chamber piece poignantly played by an ensemble of actors at the peak of their powers .
It 's a shame that director Yaron Zilberman feels the need to raise the dramatic stakes so implausibly high , as the actors really are excellent - and the music is sublime .
It 's a film dripping with Zilberman 's passion for classical music and the way it touches the emotions , and because the actors feel it too , you can forgive any moments of discord .
It 's easy to dismiss Zilberman 's film as a bit soapy and self-conscious , but I enjoyed the script 's bookish digressions ...
Measured performances from the seasoned cast balance out a script that errs towards the melodramatic .
Christopher Walken , Philip Seymour Hoffman , Catherine Keener , Imogen Poots and Ukrainian actor Mark Ivanir all give pitch-perfect performances , grounding the heavy emotion in realism and understatement .
The leads make sweet music in an affecting four-piece that , if not note perfect , plays well to their individual strengths .
The ever-impressive -LSB- Philip Seymour -RSB- Hoffman - as effortlessly good an ensemble player as he is a leading man - stands out as the flawed violinist who has trouble controlling his id .
Superb acting adds weight to scenes involving infidelity , illness and ego , but those elements also read like some standard soap-opera button-pushing .
What could be construed merely as a music film is in fact a tightly wound , deliberate and sensitive depiction of creative , platonic and romantic relationships on the edge of destruction .
Cinema devoid of metaphor is usually rather dull , but Yaron Zilberman 's excess of metaphor makes Performance less supple than it might have been
Performance is a challenging and thought provoking film , its greatest assets being its four outstanding performances
A Late Quartet has numerous subplots fighting for attention , the unfortunate result being that many of them , and thus the film itself , feel under-realised .
Offers many pleasures , not least some ravishing music .
There may be some overly melodramatic notes hit along the way , but the sober and thoughtful performances from its four lead actors keep `` A Late Quartet '' from getting too out of hand .
Helped along by a smart script and spot-on performances , it builds toward a nicely crafted emotional crescendo , and one that delivers with it a rich and satisfying payoff .
These mature actors never strike a dissonant note .
The screenplay by Seth Grossman and Israeli-American director Yaron Zilberman is old-fashioned and melodramatic but stirring in its portrait of people struggling with individual egos to produce something nobler than themselves .
While classical music sometimes seems to exist in a bubble protected from the real world , the people who play it struggle with the same issues everyone else does .
-LSB- It -RSB- may not sound like a scintillatingly good time at the movies , but actually it is .
A first-rate cast makes some beautiful music in this otherwise shallow and contrived melodrama .
Great cast does its best to elevate A Late Quartet
The passion of Beethoven 's final major compositions fails to heat up this tepid soap opera .
Any artist who has worked as part of a group is sure to find a certain resonance in the offstage tussles of A Late Quartet , but there 's too little going on here to sustain other viewers .
The melodrama among the main characters is more soap opera than grand opera , even with a quartet of actors as fine as this .
The outstanding ensemble cast keeps the story - and its accompanying emotional heft - from becoming overly baroque .
Despite too stately a pace at times , and some fairly predictable plot resolutions , the film succeeds thanks to empathetic performances -LRB- from Walken and especially Hoffman -RRB- and an evident affection for the music and musicians it depicts .
`` A Late Quartet '' has the start of an interesting idea . However , this film has two major factors that prevent it from achieving -LSB- its -RSB- goal : an overdose of melodrama and storylines that do n't mesh , or even feel like they should be in the same movie .
Best of all there 's Walken , masterfully subdued by Peter 's sophistication and illness , yet still eccentric enough to deflect pity ... . How many surprises can Walken possibly have left , after so many memorable roles ? Well , there 's this one .
A Late Quartet features good performers and good dramatic intentions , but is too joyless , unpleasant , and inauthentic in its presentation and discussions of music to make any sort of impact .
Drama about musicians has great acting , some mature content .
Yes , A Late Quartet is disappointing . But it 's also pretty bad .
A delicately balanced film , driven by ... glorious actors and a gorgeous soundtrack .
The soap opera -LSB- story -RSB- is okay but the real star of `` A Late Quartet '' is Beethoven 's Opus 131 .
For a film that relies so heavily on the lasting power of a classical master , A Late Quartet never really converts any viewers to his church .
Walken - and Zilberman - shows us how music can utterly transport us to another place .
Despite its flaws , the fine ensemble work and wealth of exquisitely played moments ... make for a cinematic concert with more ups than downs .
Engaging , intelligent , but direction does n't quite live up to a first-rate cast .
An auspicious feature debut for a director whose sensitivity to emotional harmonies is as rewarding as his reverence for timeless , transcendent music .
A fine idea , poorly executed , it would have been called `` Ode to Sorrow '' if Beethoven had written it .
However inconsequential the struggles of pretentious artists might be , A Late Quartet depicts the passage of time , the specter of death and the promise of rebirth , in time-honored dramatic form .
The movie is haut-bourgeois to the bone , but so am I : Let 's hear some chamber music and have a little laugh and a cry !
Smart , intelligent and moving performances by the leading foursome , who seem to grow more confident and assured in their roles as the film goes on .
Smart writing , moving performances and of course a lovely soundtrack coalesce into an intimate cinematic gem .
In this classy , immersive drama , a renowned string quartet must recalibrate following the illness of its patriarch .
... the very definition of a character driven drama , the performances humbling in their power .
It 's a treat-no , a privilege-to watch these superlative actors at work .
Its intensity too often wafts away like notes decaying at the end of a concert . That makes this a quartet whose music and impact are too muted to matter .
... a soap opera gussied up with a high brow setting and high caliber actors that has the good grace to go out on a particularly effective note .
Of the cast , the standout is Walken , who gives a performance of superlative grace amid all the hectoring .
... Zilberman loses focus on the quartet 's taut interplay , reverting instead to melodrama .
The movie does n't resolve on a sour note , but it takes the viewer along a too-familiar set of tones .
Unless you 're channeling the forgiving spirit of Casals , I 'm afraid this one hits too many off notes to recommend .
There are pleasures to be had ... The question is whether those are sufficient to warrant sitting through the rest of it .
Yaron Zilberman , a documentarian making his feature debut , treads a fine line between farce and drama ...
A half-glass of a movie , full of superlative performances and sublime music but empty when it comes to a story rife with melodrama and trite plot conventions .
The performances from the leads are strong all around , but they are restricted by the limitations of the multiple , transparent conflicts .
For those willing to enter this world and pay attention , `` A Late Quartet '' provides distinct and uncommon satisfactions .
Zilberman 's minimalistic approach fits the idea of the film better than it fits the actual film .
Grace notes abound in A Late Quartet , a small , shining gem of a movie that works its way into your heart with insinuating potency of music . Walken 's performance is heartbreaking , and a master class in the craft of acting .
It would be shortsighted to dismiss this deeply felt , musically savvy film , set in a refined cultural precinct of Manhattan , as sudsy melodrama .
Minor but satisfying ...
You do n't have to be a classical fan to appreciate the film 's air of inside baseball - the ease with which it navigates a hermetic world of people who understand music better than they understand themselves .
A skillfully performed drama that treats the varieties of musical expression as an effective if unsubtle metaphor for a person 's many possible pathways through life .
Although the crises are too precious , the performances are treasures , led by Christopher Walken in a surprisingly gentle , soulful key as the group 's senior member .
This lovely drama ... is so attentive to the creative nuance and emotional dynamics of classical performance that I was almost disappointed when the story began to move into the various interpersonal conflicts between the players .
Zilberman is at his best when leaving narrative threads hanging rather than trying to tie them together .
A Late Quartet serves as an acting showcase , particularly for Walken and Hoffman , and makes for an interesting study in artistic ego .
Yaron Zilberman 's low key drama manages to overcome uneven dialogue issues with a consistently engaging scenario based around the quaret 's upcoming performance .
Zilberman is breaking no new ground , but he gives his actors strong material and room to breathe . When the playing is strong enough , even a few notes can be as rich as a symphony .
`` A Late Quartet '' does one of the most interesting things any film can do . It shows how skilled professionals work .
What a treat for a good actor , and each of the five -LRB- including young Poots -RRB- grab onto the bow really go to town .
Walken especially gives one of the most magnificent performances of the year .
If you 're in the mood to mix highbrow trappings with some bitter arguments , infidelity and face-slapping , screenwriters Yaron Zilberman -LRB- who also directs -RRB- and Seth Grossman keep things allegro con brio throughout .
The four leads more often than not transcend the material 's calculated moroseness ; Ivanir is especially good as a man whose perfectionist facade masks a soul in perpetual turmoil .
The movie sometimes gets stuck in its own awkward groove like a needle on a warped phonograph , but it has its moments .
Yaron Zilberman 's soap opera jettisons character plausibility in favor of pop psychology and leaden instrument analogies .
A very special and memorable movie with top drawer acting , great classical music , and a theme of spiritual transformation .
A powerful feature , outstandingly acted and pleasingly measured , employing a sense of refinement to better emphasize the numerous violations and disappointments that litter the story .
Adultery , unfulfilled ambition , envy , mother-daughter tensions , disease-all the standard and predictable conflicts are there , as in a soap opera .
A Late Quartet is slow , talky , and a bit too knowing and explicit .
Strong performances mark a mildly involving tale of four classical musicians hoping to make it to the next season .
... ultimately far from the arm 's - length and somber piece of work one might 've anticipated .
Ultimately , while the performances are very good , the script could have stood a little more restraint .





@highlight

An outstanding ensemble cast lends weight and depth to A Late Quartet 's melodramatic script , and the result is insightful and emotionally satisfying .