The film is painful viewing , in large part because director Amy Berg relates the facts and depicts the victims and the culprits with detached gravity .
Berg 's intuitively right ratio of personal and analytical material , her implied belief in transcendence of horrific demoralization , shows a truly progressive vision .
This is a powerful film that will horrify you and make you angry , if you dare to see it .
The polemical is never as powerful as the personal and O'Grady 's part of the story illuminates the whole with nauseating clarity .
Um relato avassalador sobre a demagogia dos altos escalões da Igreja Católica , que prefere proteger seus interesses corporativos a impedir abusos contra crianças .
A sobering look at paedophilia in the Catholic Church , Amy Berg 's gripping documentary reveals disturbing facts , but even more disturbingly , about its cover up .
Although each story is compelling , among the most heart-wrenching may be that of the Japanese-Irish couple who welcomed the new parish priest , who often slept over at their house , and who now feel responsible for letting the wolf in their door .
A riveting , emotionally charged and startling big-screen experience . But it does more than just deliver to filmgoers . It may find a Holy Grail of real societal change for a larger constituency .
Berg 's portrait of a sociopath is as chilling as any in recent memory .
Deliver Us Evil is more terrifying than any horror movie , because it 's about something that really happened .
Some films make you think , some make you cry , and others make you cringe . `` Deliver Us From Evil , '' which catalogs the destruction caused by a child-molesting Catholic priest , inspires all three reactions .
-LSB- Amy -RSB- Berg has crafted a disturbing and well-made documentary that sheds additional light on this continuously unfolding scandal .
Berg makes a compelling case that this is THE scandal of an American generation .
Watching Amy Berg 's powerful documentary Deliver Us from Evil is a wrenching experience ; her subjects reveal to the camera almost unbearable levels of anguish , and its audience walks away feeling both numbness and rage .
A compelling piece of journalism arguing O'Grady is one of hundreds of ` sexualized ' priests shielded by an absolute bureaucracy that 's been corrupted absolutely .
Devastating .
A documentary with the power to affect even the most jaded of moviegoers .
It is a heartbreaking story of betrayed trust , broken faith and the misuse of privilege .
Works best when it concentrates on O'Grady and the ever-rippling effect of his transgressions .
Certainly does n't want for sensationalistic subject matter , but the real impact comes from the methodical , steady compilation of evidence ... a queasy must-see .
Whatever name you want to call O'Grady , he is fascinating and frightening .
No report I have seen takes us so disturbingly inside the mind of the abuser as Amy Berg 's Deliver Us From Evil .
O'Grady 's ongoing inability to comprehend what he 's done or even what happened to him underscores the film 's most terrible truth : The cycle of abuse is ongoing .
It is a powerful indictment of any organization that chooses to turn a blind eye to an extremely serious problem .
The Catholic Church is portrayed as any large corporation trying to cover up its misdeeds . Even Enron is mentioned by comparison .
Deliver Us From Evil has a few things wrong with it , including an egregious musical score , but without resorting to sucker punches , it takes your breath away while making your skin crawl .
Devastating ... Heaven only knows why Deliver Us from Evil is only playing at a handful of theaters around the country . For one of the most important films of the year , it 's shocking to discover that there 's no room at the inn .
Exceptional ... the effect is shattering .
It 's not the cover-up evidence that will grab you -- it 's the interviews with victims , describing wanton destruction of their lives .
A stunning indictment of institutional betrayal . It plays like a Catholic Watergate , going right to the top with hard evidence that stuns , dismays and sickens .
The church declined to comment to Berg . Her film speaks volumes about its silence -- and about a wrong that can never be righted .
The movie is a litany of victims and a chilling indictment .
The wrenching documentary Deliver Us From Evil explores the mind of a pedophile as it accuses the Catholic Church of failing to protect children .
The film , which reduced a roomful of jaded film critics to tears , could literally make you sick .
What truly sets Deliver Us from Evil apart from other documentaries is interviews with the monster himself .
Even people who reject the idea of inherent evil may be shaken by Berg 's scrupulous yet passionate recounting of the story of Oliver O'Grady .
Deals with emotionally charged material , so it should surprise no one that it includes one of the most wrenching moments ever captured on film .
After watching this film , you will believe that evil exists on earth . That the movie deals in truth and established facts makes it all the more disturbing .
Manages to find a chilling new angle to the subject of sex abuse scandals within the Catholic Church .
If Berg 's movie were a newspaper story , it would win the Pulitzer Prize for public service .
What makes this film so worthy is the understanding it gives us both of the wolf in sheep 's clothing and of the betrayal of trust .
You come out of the film shaking your head in disbelief at Father Oliver O'Grady , but fully enraged at Cardinal Rogery Mahony .
In a major coup , director Amy Berg convinced O'Grady to appear in -LSB- Deliver Us From Evil -RSB- , and his testimony reveals a man who 's chillingly divorced from the full weight of his actions .
It cries from and for the hearts of victims and leaves its viewers moved , shattered , outraged . And impotent in the face of the ugliness visited on the souls of good and innocent people .
One of the best and most important documentaries you 'll ever see .
In the end , one can deduce from Berg 's documentary that the Catholic Church is driven by money and power , those oft described roots of all evil and corruption .
One of the scarier movies of the year .
Former CBS and CNN producer Amy Berg delves with piercing intelligence into one of most shocking scandals that has rocked the Catholic Church in recent years .
One of the most shocking and disturbing films this year , it 's hard to rave about a movie that makes you so angry .
A literally stunning documentary .
The most infuriating revelation in Amy Berg 's powerful documentary is the lengths to which current Los Angeles Cardinal Roger Mahoney and other church officials went to protect Father O'Grady and themselves .
The Catholic hierarchy may be able to look away , but anyone seeing this film will not be able to follow its lead .
This superb documentary about the Catholic Church 's worst pedophile scandal is in many ways far scarier than any fiction .
O'Grady appears in the film , his face showing no sign of shame even as he acknowledges and describes the awful things he did .
Grander statements are n't needed when the specific indictments are so plentiful and so horrifying .
Deliver Us From Evil is an explosive documentary about a depravity so gross , it leaves you appalled and infuriated that the men who enabled it have never been called to account .
The Da Vinci Code 's basically The Sound of Music compared to this .
Neither sensationalistic nor sentimental , Ms. Berg 's film is clear-sighted , tough-minded and devastating , a portrait of individual criminality and institutional indifference , a study in the betrayal of trust and the irresponsibility of authority .
... a riveting , horrifying documentary ...
It 's a howl of rage and a keen-eyed study of a subject that , unfortunately , never stops being news : the way institutional power acts as a shield under whose cover the strong can abuse the weak .
Deliver Us From Evil will shake you to your marrow . It should be seen by people of all faiths and by anyone concerned about the wellbeing of children .
Most powerfully , -LSB- Berg -RSB- also films a number of O'Grady 's victims as they recount their trauma and , in some cases , loss of faith .
Berg , a veteran of both CBS News and CNN , carefully and calmly assembles a devastating case against church officials ' mendacity .
Deliver Us From Evil shows us how the business of saving souls can rationalize the obscenity of selling them .
It 's hard to imagine even devout Catholics coming away from the film without a sense of rage at a religion that appears to value members of the priesthood over the well-being of children .
Deliver Us From Evil is a haunting portrait of a profoundly benighted man , the lives he shattered and the institution that repeatedly protected him -- and itself -- at the cost of children 's safety .
Berg by no means excuses Father O'Grady , but she offers evidence of a devastating childhood that explains his pathology . For the ambitious creeps who allowed him to indulge it , and who still sit in office , there 's no excuse .
Deliver Us From Evil proceeds with a sober clarity that lends credence to its devastating case .
It 's the proclamation for a crusade against anyone who protects those who prey not just upon the children , but spit all over the teachings that assured us the path to Heaven went right through the Church .
-LSB- A -RSB- blood-boiling documentary .
The great tragedy underlying the story of Father O'Grady is how many children might not have been victims , had Cardinal Roger Mahoney ... been more interested in protecting the children residing in his diocese rather than furthering his own ascendancy wit
What further elevates Deliver Us From Evil beyond the poignancy and courage of O'Grady 's victims and the sorrow of their devastated families is Berg 's access to the pedophile himself .


@highlight

Deliver Us From Evil is a superb documentary and a searing look at an institution protecting its leaders at the expense of its followers . A profoundly disturbing chronicle of a wolf in sheep 's clothing , the film builds a clear-eyed case against pedophile priest Oliver O'Grady , and the Catholic bureaucracy that protected him . The recollections of O'Grady 's victims are nothing short of shocking and heartbreaking .