Your Mommy Kills Animals lays things out with historical perspective , tracing the roots of both the animal welfare movement and animals rights activism to England .
Johnson 's not pushing buttons just for the sake of attention-getting , he 's revealing just how hopelessly complicated the issue has grown .
Worth seeing by anyone who cares about animals .
Perhaps the greatest service Johnson does is to turn the event that spurred him to make the film -- the FBI labeling animal rights activists the top domestic terrorist threat -- into a crucial dialogue .
There 's not an objective one -LSB- celebrity -RSB- in the lot . I love 'em all . Nor is there an objective moment in this cinematic diatribe . And I love it , too .
That one ca n't quite decide if these charming men are heroes or villains is a mark of Johnson 's calm , even approach to an issue seemingly fueled by emotions run amok .
Powerful , angry and bizarre documentary .
It is n't only organization that the mildly anarchic Your Mommy Kills Animals sorely lacks , it 's also a sufficient number of sources .
-LSB- A -RSB- snappily edited , shockingly well balanced -LRB- and occasionally gruesome -RRB- overview .
Hard to beat that title , ai n't it ?
Ca n't commit to an overview of the movement by looking at three groups or stick with the trial of the `` SHAC 7 . '' So an intriguing but too short tour of animal-rights issues is interrupted by a flatly chronicled court case .
It 's impossible to watch without having your point of view challenged - no matter which side of the issue you 're on .
Your Mommy Kills Animals is an eye-opener , raising tough questions about whether the movement deserves such intense scrutiny and punishment by the government .
Interesting and sometimes dizzyingly freewheeling .
It lets you off dizzy and confused , whereas the best documentaries leave you feeling that you 've come to a settled perspective on a subject .
Those on both sides of the animal rights issue will find much to fume over in ... Curt Johnson 's in-depth , eye-opening examination of the movement .
Could n't have arrived at a more timely moment , given the recent arrest of Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick on federal charges for hanging , drowning , electrocuting and beating dogs to death .
It 's the best kind of documentary , in that if you 're a thinking person it is nearly impossible to watch the movie without having your point of view challenged and questioned .
The result , admittedly , is a bit of a din . But it 's certainly interesting .
the most accessible , thorough chronicle of animal rights ever put to film .
What feels like a lack of propaganda makes the film all the more cogent , intelligent , and powerful .
Curt Johnson 's first feature bodes well for his future as a filmmaker .
What may be the finest documentary of the year also is the most difficult to watch . I wept unashamedly at the brief videos of real-life animal abuse in `` Your Mommy Kills Animals , '' and you may , too .
Your Mommy Kills Animals is eye-opening in the truest sense of the word . I was riveted from start to finish . This is one of the year 's best films .
... a flawed yet remarkably even-handed look at an extraordinarily contentious issue .
While avoiding the most important travesty -- the use of animals for food -- the documentary does efficiently illustrate the arguments for an against the use of animals for research and fur .
David Martosko , of the Center for Consumer Freedom , carries the film 's obscured theme that `` morality '' is a religious-based ploy used by all sides of the animal abuse debate that lead the FBI to rank animal-rights activists as the No. 1 terrorist threat in
Terrific documentary on the animal rights movement that allows all sides in the debate to make their points .
With a subject that holds as much venom as this one does , Mommy remains amazingly poised .
A documentary that both informs and entertains , and that will invite animated debate -- which is precisely what a good documentary should do .
The most controversial , provocative , inflammatory and thought-provoking film of the year !
covering a wide canvas of animal welfare and rights issues that rightfully will provoke meaningful discussion
This film shines a clear light on the dark controversy surrounding our treatment of animals .
A miraculously evenhanded treatment of a snarlingly divisive debate .
Your Mommy Kills Animals will more than likely still draw you in with its unbiased approach -- and , no matter where you stand on the issue of animals , you will definitely learn a lot about people .

@highlight

A thoroughly fascinating , well-presented examination of the animal rights debate that is both provocative and thought-provoking .