Lead characters who are completely unlikable fly right in the face of what most filmmakers think the audience wants . But I 'll take that any day over a blandly nice character .
The Mostly Unfabulous Social Life of Ethan Green ca n't be accused of false advertising . This adaptation of the underground comic strip is mostly unfabulous .
There 's just not enough real heart to go along with the cutesiness .
George Bamber 's film is bouncy and agreeable but has a certain flatness to it ; never making the case for its existence as a movie rather than a comic strip .
The drawings of Eric Orner 's comic strip on which the movie is based are more animated than the actors who fail to give any dimension to their characters .
Tiresome romantic comedy that reinforces every imaginable gay stereotype .
There 's no visual life to it , the humor is lazy and broad , and the players are as two-dimensional as their cartoon origins suggest .
With its unpleasant characters , inconsistent script and awkward acting , what 's not to hate ?
The title does its own summing up : mostly , it 's unfab .
This feels like a school play that someone has dragged to film school and turned into a final project .
In his directing debut , David Vernon , formerly a first assistant and second assistant director , opts for the look of a cable TV pilot .
The film 's tone veers from misjudged sincerity to shrill sketch comedy of the broadest stripe .
No , he does n't have anything terribly important , or even original to say , but he 's funny , flighty and adorable , sort of like a gay Holly Golightly .
` I 'm 19 , but I 'm petulant ' somehow sums it up .
With words streaming out of their mouths instead of into bubbles , Ethan and his gang of past , present and future lovers sound laughingly unbelievable .
Remarkably true to its source : It 's none too deep and a tad cartoonish , but also fast-paced , filled with quotable one-liners and often very funny .
This bright , fast-paced adaptation of Eric Orner 's syndicated gay comic strip may not break any new cinematic ground , but its sharp , zingy wit and underlying sweetness deftly compensate for the occasional awkward patch or glaring narrative contrivance .
There 's so much ill-conceived fluff floating about the ` elusive true love ' themes that by the finish , Ethan Green has n't as much substance as a good Looney Tunes .
Not un-entertaining , but director George Bamer 's debut feature may play better on video .
Ethan Green may not exactly be fabulous , but it is pleasantly diverting .
The mostly unfunny -- and unfabulous -- trifle never rises above sitcom level .
A frothy lark with a decided sense of the outrageous , sincere affection for its characters and their romantic plights .
It 's a dud .
A bit like staring at a beauty queen 's phonily tight smile for ninety minutes .
-LSB- A -RSB- most unfabulous , unfunny , and unwatchable embarrassment .
The Mostly Unfabulous Social Life of Then Green is another step back for the gay community .
audiences both gay and straight should enjoy the comical and romantic hijinks .

@highlight

Ethan Green makes for an annoying protagonist , the jokes are n't funny , and everyone is as flat as the paper the comic is printed on .