The perfect film countering the era of `` alternative facts '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All this would be far less effective without a suitably sturdy villain , and a slimmed-down Spall , while far from obvious casting in the role , displays the arrogance and self-possession necessary to make Irving a formidable opponent .
The movie stays true to Lipstadt 's memoir and to the trial 's transcripts . It becomes an intellectual exercise rather than an emotional one . And it is fascinating .
The scenes filmed at the camps are powerful ...
Denial spends its first 20 minutes labouring under a rather clunky , wordy screenplay ... But it completely changes gear after her legal team decides to visit Auschwitz and suddenly you realise what 's at stake .
Denial concerns itself more with the substance of how to fight such a man than the normal hammer-and-tongs courtroom stuff .
A movie that stayed rigorously inside its heroine 's muzzled sense of frustration could be compelling , but Jackson keeps cutting to superfluous subplots .
Denial struggles to find hope and positivity and never quite ascends to the level of great courtroom flicks like Erin Brockovich .
When films choose to remind us of the moments we 'd like to forget-and do so brilliantly-they also serve to illustrate how few people it takes to create a wave of horror and destruction .
This may not read like the most dynamic set-up for onscreen drama . But the collision of the civil right of free speech with the willful spreading of racist , hate-mongering falsehoods for political gain has a particular resonance right now .
Denial is awfully good , brilliantly edited , and successfully provocative .
The weakness of the film lies in the two protagonists , despite some brilliant acting .
Director Mick Jackson attempts to invest the proceedings with cinematic allure-diverse locations , attractive establishing shots-but the film lives and dies by the dialogue and the performances , so it 's fortunate that both are strong .
Weisz is Streep-worthy in this somber real-life courtroom drama .
Dull is n't always synonymous with boring . Denial certainly holds your interest . Plus , it offers a performance by Rachel Weisz that 's anything but dull .
As a good historical drama should , Denial is the kind of movie that makes you want to do more reading about the subject as you 've left the cinema .
One of the most spectacular aspects of the film are the court hearings as they are simultaneously almost unbelievable and yet lifted , verbatim , from the records .
Three excellent performances and undeniably gripping - and important - subject matter just manage to support a dunderheaded script , ham-fisted direction and a lead performance from Rachel Weiss that borders on the unwatchable .
If there 's anybody left who 's in any doubt about the versatility , range and sheer courage of British acting legend Timothy Spall , his performance in this searing Holocaust drama will set you straight .
Denial plays out a bit like the English : understated , with its explosions of the intellectual kind .
Much of its success can be attributed to the calibre of the three central performances .
As Irving , Timothy Spall is wonderfully loathsome . What brings an emotional complexity to the story , however , is Rachel Weisz 's bold characterisation of the unsympathetic Lipstadt .
Makes for fascinating viewing .
A film of judgments that is as circumspect and academic as it is exciting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As in good films , knowing the outcome does n't minimize the curiosity of the development . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The excellent cast delivers the dramatic goods and a sequence involving a journey to Auschwitz provides a chilling reminder as to just what the legal arguments are really about .
Solidly crafted , Denial is anchored by wonderful performances from Rachel Weisz and Tom Wilkinson . It 's also shockingly relevant to the odd place we find ourselves today .
It 's a film of many pleasures beyond relevance .
This moderately gripping courtroom drama centres on a bizarre and highly controversial real-life case which ran for several years almost two decades ago .
Spall suggests a rotting , vainglorious ego while Weisz displays a brassy immediacy , easily contrasted with her British lawyers , but none of the characters have an inner life and the movie defers to an American respect for British tradition .
Playwright David Hare 's script only shines during the courtroom scenes ; everything else is flat and uninvolving - a sad waste of talent and subject .
For fans of courtroom dramas or people who just enjoy seeing great character actors sink their teeth into a meaty script , Denial is more than worth the price of admission .
As we enter the reign of a `` post-truther '' , Denial proves irrefutably powerful .
The film focuses on the legal arguments and the relationships , and does so well . It 's a fraught topic and a difficult line to tread . They manage it and the performances make the film .
Jackson tells his story well , but there were times when I found myself wondering if I should be enjoying myself quite so much given Denial 's subject matter .
A terrific legal procedural about defending factual truth and smacking dishonest sowers of doubt . An essential film for our era of ` alternative facts . '
The drama does n't grip , not helped by making little effort to get under the skin of Irving and understand him psychologically - however unpleasant he may be .
Weisz brings a barrelling energy to her performance as the academic who finds herself in the unaccustomed and decidedly uncomfortable position of having to let her legal team fight her battle for her .
It could hardly seem more relevant than in this era of `` alternative facts '' .
Hare has always provided catnip for actors -LRB- Weisz led a recent New York revival of his 1978 play Plenty -RRB- , and they more than rise to the challenge here , Weisz giving it her Sally Field-style gusto-driven best .
On the whole , Denial does proper justice to an important story .
It 's a shame , then , that the film 's thematic relevance should outstrip its dramatic urgency .
Hare engagingly traces developments from the increasingly agitated viewpoint of Lipstadt as her British legal team moves in baffling ways that only slowly reveal the method in their lawyerly mindset .
Responsible and rarely preachy , paying close attention to historical detail without drowning in legalese .
Not the most cinematic of films but a very solid , satisfying drama .
I find this film and its clear-headed premise rewarding . This reasserts the primacy of truth . What a tonic .
You could call Denial less a feature film , more a glorified telly play : focused , small-scale , monothematic . But it 's probing , witty and compelling ...
Denial 's a powerful spectacle , despite its cinematic shortcomings .
A sturdy by-the-numbers legal drama that really belongs on the small screen .
Lipstadt 's day in court with Irving has been dramatised by David Hare with his usual keen fidelity to argument and counter-argument .
As a courtroom drama , Denial is always intriguing .
A worthy attempt , but there are far better documentaries out there for anyone with an interest in the trial .
Though a staggeringly pertinent theme , Jackson presents his film with an affectionate nod to classic courtroom dramas , as a sub-genre that so often illuminates the silver screen , and when executed as efficiently as this , you can see why .
The courtroom finale is so tautly assembled and performed it allows the film a final-reel rally , which signals the cast-iron potency of unarguable truth to some effect .
It 's pretty obvious who is going to triumph from the outset and this drains a degree of tension from the judge 's deliberations .
The film 's all but stolen by Spall , deploying a range of expressive snorts and pouts to rival his portrayal of J.M.W. Turner .
There 's not much visually for Jackson to focus on other than the wigs and talking heads - the best of which belong to Wilkinson and Scott , managing to imbue proceedings with energy and character .
The predictable bent of Denial 's third act confirms its place as a well-meaning yet overly routine endeavor ...
Truth , as we know , can be stranger than fiction . One piece of evidence is the fascinating , affecting courtroom drama Denial .
Middling yet entertaining .
There is an undeniable power in the story , which is a clear example of good vs. evil if there ever was one , but the starkness of the narrative limits the drama .
The film is salvaged by great performances by both Tom Wilkinson and Rachel Weisz .
This is a powerful and thoughtful piece of cinema . It properly depicts an important moment in legal history and it does so with a rare sensitivity .
too often fails to engage the viewer as being as emotionally gripping as its subject deserves .
This is a well-acted and well-written film that kept me guessing right up to the end , mainly because the story defies courtroom drama conventions . Weisz , Spall , Wilkinson and Scott all give fine performances in this film .
This film benefits from a screenplay written by David Hare , arguably Britain 's finest living playwright , who eschewed holocaust film cliches .
Humble , well-acted and has its mind in the right perspective , and in a society that is eager to use political hyperbole as a weapon against the oppressed , how remarkable that any movie right now is content to be eloquent in that conviction .
-LSB- A -RSB- compelling story , aided by wonderful performances from Spall , Weisz and Tom Wilkinson .
One of the problems with Denial is that it lacks the fire of conscience and replaces it with cool legal strategy .
Worthy premise . Excellent production . Magnetic performances .
If you would prefer to see a movie driven by dialogue instead of action , this is the courtroom drama for you . It 's based on a true story , which makes it all the more appealing . And its talented ensemble is another plus .
Although it 's based on a story that took place in the late '90s / early 2000s , this film holds a hypnotic mirror up to today 's America .
The film is well worth seeing for the importance of its subject matter and for Jackson 's pacing . In spite of all its advance spoilers , it still plays somewhat like a suspense thriller .
No ` Denial ' here , some moving Auschwitz moments and fine performances from Rachel Weisz , Tom Wilkinson and an unrecognizably thin Timothy Spall overcome a few Hollywood intrusions .
... a serious and well-intentioned movie that takes great pains to present things as they could have been .
Hare 's real subject is corrupted public discourse . In our time , history has become a bunch of opinions - because we all have our interpretations , right ? - and expertise is denigrated .
It 's yet another proudly bland quasi-indie drama piously intent on teaching you a lesson that you should already know .
The entire cast gives a monumental performance that does justice to this monumental story .
It may not measure up to the Twelve Angry Men heights of the genre , but for those with any interest in the fundamentals of argument , the legal system or the frailty of belief , Denial is worth consideration .
In the heat of this election season , where so many substitute conspiracy theories for facts and prejudice for reason - including candidates - the film suddenly feels urgent and necessary .
Lipstadt 's story , of standing up for historical truth against shady manipulators , is more timely than the outdated techniques used to tell it .
Denial lacks the heart and the suspense of such Holocaust courtroom classics as Judgment at Nuremburg . In this case , more of both would have gone a long way .
A smart , serious and largely effective treatment of an important real life case that only occasionally disappointed me with too much sentiment .
Denial is an important story . Denial is a noble story . Denial is a true story that should be heard . Unfortunately , `` Denial '' not a very interestingly told story .
When it sticks to facts and legal arguments , Denial has a certain pull , but as drama , it falls short .
In the year of Trump `` Denial '' , which is about the libel trial involving a demogogue , just may be the most important and urgent film of 2016 .
Earnest and refreshing reminder that facts matter ... Denial is as satisfying as it is vexing regarding what it took to challenge just one prominent denier .
It 's strangely refreshing to watch a courtroom drama where theatricality does n't trump meticulous examination and cross-examination .
Hare 's screenplay -LRB- based on Lipstadt 's book -RRB- is smart and engaging , and veteran director Mick Jackson -LRB- `` The Bodyguard '' -RRB- treats the material with the heft it deserves .
Facts and opinions duke it out in this thought-provoking if slightly low-key drama based on true events .
As courtroom dramas go , Denial is somewhat sedate .
Denial deftly establishes how the moral relativism of contemporary academics and the journalistic belief in giving all viewpoints equal time lead to intellectual bankruptcy .
The final verdict , of course , is a matter of historical record , but Denial brings with it so many parallels to contemporary issues of huge lies and great truths that its message is all the more resonant . Well done .
Ultimately `` Denial ' works , thanks to its strong cast - particularly Spall , who gives Irving a slightly mad gleefulness , and Weisz , whose smart , tough Deborah chafes against the quiet acquiescence expected of her .
The film is slow to gain dramatic steam , but once it does , the emotional payoffs are huge .
Somber and suitably shaming , yet it lacks a satisfying showdown moment ...
A British courtroom drama that 's an election year reminder that America does n't have the market cornered on `` deplorables . ''
Denial is , if nothing else , a rousing thespian pageant , a showcase for the sort of histrionics that impress not so much as good or bad as simply abundant . For better or worse , you 're unlikely to see more acting all year .
The problem is that the story is set up with Lipstadt as its passionate heroine and driving moral force . Yet she 's been buttoned up , which limits the emotional impact of a film that should be stirring .
For a courtroom thriller about a seemingly open and shut case , Denial manages to be suspenseful , informative and surprisingly relevant .
Regardless of its issues , Denial is an important film that shows the fight against bigotry and hate can take many forms
What elevates the film above a standard court drama ... is not the subject matter but the way -LSB- screenwriter David -RSB- Hare and -LSB- director Mick -RSB- Jackson keep the focus on ideas ...
Though the earnest dramatization of the case does n't fully satisfy , the importance of the issues the film raises makes it worth seeing and reflecting on .
It is a particularly difficult and complex case to dramatize and this clever film with its impressive cast mainly succeeds .
This is a compelling courtroom drama , that goes to the deepest questions not just of Holocaust history or any history but of how we know what we know and who we believe .
Denial is a somewhat plodding , fact-based tale with few transcendent moments in acting or staging that still manages to be oddly satisfying in the end .
Despite the drawbacks , the power of the story shines through .
As Lipstadt , Rachel Weisz delivers her usual brand of exquisite distress , but a frightfully gaunt Timothy Spall walks away with the movie as Irving .
A legal battle to prove that the Holocaust really occurred is the story behind this fascinating , but slow-paced , fact-based film . Rachel Weisz , Tom Wilkinson and Timothy Spall are undeniably terrific in the lead roles .
Hare has skillfully adapted Lipstadt 's book , `` History on Trial : My Day in Court With a Holocaust Denier , '' not dividing the story into saints and demons , but giving each character a recognizable - and often irritating - slice of humanity .
Awaiting the verdict makes for a real nail-biter , even knowing the outcome . Denial does a stellar job demonstrating the truth is worth fighting for .
`` Denial '' is a flawed but impassioned film that deals in big ideas .
Hare 's screenplay is efficient at delivering facts , but just the facts . The movie may be competent at telling its story , but it 's missing one key ingredient : feeling .
Spall 's performance as Irving is a nuanced masterpiece of patriarchal monstrosity .
Rachel Weisz is winning 2016 .
It 's the ever-spellbinding Timothy Spall who will make audiences squirm . His knotty-pouted advocate for the myth of the six million displays all the seductiveness and in-built logic of a pedophile luring a kindergartner into the back seat of a Buick .
Weisz 's conviction , passion and galvanizing outrage drive `` Denial . '' For a Jewish academic , this was no intellectual exercise , and Weisz lets us see it .
A lean , literate , and emotionally devastating film .
Deborah Lipstadt 's battle for justice for those without a voice struck a significant blow against the lies .
... recognizes that the film 's intrigue lies not in the bickering of two polarizing authors , but in a broader investigation of social boundaries and freedom of speech .
The film operates on three levels as it studies the Holocaust through a legal lens , views an American struggling within the British court system and develops character to counter snap judgements .
Brisk , efficient , and dry .
Outstanding performances by Rachel Weisz and Tom Wilkinson are upstaged by an Oscar -LRB- R -RRB- - quality appearance by Timothy Spall as the hateful Holocaust denier in this film based on a 2000 defamation lawsuit .
Compelling film about truth deals with intense subject .
Conventional , but brilliantly acted and intriguing .
Much like Lipstadt , viewers are n't privy to the inner workings of the defense except in dribs and drabs .
The picture is methodically constructed , to the point that it 's sometimes dull . But here and there it sets off a mini charge , building up to a subtly satisfying conclusion .
`` Denial '' is carried less by the normal theatrics of courtroom dramas than a staunch sense of duty to protect the truth . It 's an argument for the patient , methodical dismantling of fools .
You wonder if the material would have been more effective as a courtroom procedural adapted for the stage .
Its finest and most moving moments are when Lipstadt and Rampton go to Auschwitz on a research mission , where the camera lingers on the piles of rubble that cover a destroyed gas chamber .
The movie sneers at the journalists covering the trial , but for those of us who followed it at the time , the newspaper accounts were a lot more engrossing than this film .
It subverts the wishy-washy movie these films tend to turn into .
Because Hare 's script grapples with serious themes and singular events whose ramifications are still being felt , it is effective when it counts .
Tom Wilkinson is brilliant as always as the barrister who takes on the case , complicated by England 's labyrinthine libel laws . But there 's too little actual tension in the climactic courtroom drama .
It 's impossible to imagine how Denial could have been better cast , written or fortuitously blessed with such potent subjects as anti-Semitism and the Holocaust .
With chatty urgency , Jackson dramatizes the 2000 trial in which a flinty Brit Holocaust denier sued Penguin Books for libel .
As an actual procedural narrative , the film is only passably interesting , afflicted with the kind of stop-start rhythms endemic in movies that compress a legal battle spanning years into a two-hour movie .
Another illuminating performance by Rachel Weisz and a brilliant screenplay by the distinguished British playwright David Hare make Denial one of the most powerful and riveting courtroom dramas ever made .
There are an incredible number of movies that have been made about the Holocaust and its aftermath . Denial rates with the best of them , digesting and presenting complex issues with nuance .
There are people today who will claim that all opinions are equal ; that facts are boring ; that there is no such thing as objective truth . `` Denial '' reminds us of what the verdict should be .
Denial shows that people 's misfortunes need not preclude them from living virtuous lives founded on basic human decency .
As moviegoers consider their own crises in the fall of 2016 , being able to learn from the very much alive past , and to spot the charlatans who manipulate it for their own gain , causes Denial to be a cathartic and cautionary tale .
The jury remains out on this one .
It 's a story that could make one hell of a movie . It 's just not this one .
While Denial does n't do anything new on a technical side , it is fully aware of its gripping plot , one that welcomely avoids pushing its inherent clichés to the forefront of its story .
There are a few moments of forced drama along the way , and Lipstadt as a character struggles , given her largely passive position during the trial itself , but the court scenes are thrilling , as are several of the more intimate moments .
It 's frustrating to see a movie that 's so perfect for the age in which we live and yet bungles its narrative so completely .
As courtroom dramas go , Denial just about has the lot .
This could be extremely rich soil for a good , smart drama in and out of the courtroom . Unfortunately , it 's a bit of a dud , despite the noble efforts of the cast .
The film is talky and well-mannered , which are not usually the highest of compliments . But it works .
This is n't a debate , it 's a sledgehammer ; it 's not inherently compelling drama , but it 's immensely satisfying catharsis to watch as it flattens Irving 's nonsense into nothingness .
There 's an artificiality to all this that does n't sit right in a story about nailing down the truth .
Patches of it are so ludicrously hammy it plays like one of those unbearably corny fake films teased at the beginning of Tropic Thunder .
Denial puts pro-fascist bigotry on trial , and succeeds in being satisfying without sacrificing dignity .
Jackson remains steadfast in his sombre approach to Hare 's satisfyingly rich screenplay , confident in its power and that of the assembled cast .
The crucial thing missing is what should be the essence of a courtroom drama : our immersion in how Lipstadt 's lawyers stake out their strategy .
A compelling , true courtroom drama touches on the lingering pain of the Holocaust .

@highlight

If Denial does n't quite do its incredible story complete justice , it comes close enough to offer a satisfying , impactful drama -- and another powerful performance from Rachel Weisz .