Terrifying from start to blood-soaked finish .
Gets under the skin
I just wanted the damn thing to end ...
Despite the obvious influences of the original `` Chainsaw , '' `` Hills Have Eyes , '' `` Last House , '' and other kidnap-terror films , you ca n't predict what is going to happen in this film .
For all its efforts at avoiding the usual slasher movie nonsense , it does fall back on some familiar , lame plot devices .
It is almost as if a hardcore survival horror film had been infiltrated -LRB- and slyly undermined -RRB- by the quieter mysticism of Peter Weir 's Picnic At Hanging Rock ...
A sustained plunge into abject horror that is n't meant to be laughed at or shaken off easily .
... an effective and thoroughly tense horror flick that 's stylish without being obtrusive .
A solid flick that was robbed a bit in its theatrical release
It 's competently made , but that alone does n't make it a good film .
Esta é a refilmagem que O Massacre da Serra Elétrica merecia .
Well , there goes my dream of driving across Australia .
Once you wade through a deathly long setup , it delivers the cinematic equivalent of watching a public execution , and then it 's over .
An unusually crisp and boldly shot Texas Chainsaw Massacre knockoff .
Greg McLean , who has many shorts and commercials under his belt , makes a significant feature debut here , with unapologetic horror that does n't compromise .
Wolf Creek is a well-made film , but its technical merits are overwhelmed by the disgust registered as it wallows in some of the nastiest human behavior imaginable .
Inhumane ? Yep . Sadistic ? Sure . But it works where countless others of the genre have failed , by introducing people we get to know and care about before all hell breaks loose .
What Wolf Creek offers is a competently made horror excursion with an unfortunate reliance upon clichés balanced off by some legitimate shocks .
The transference of nail biting insanity from screen to ticket holders is what ultimately drives the picture and makes it almost an interactive experience .
This violent horror picture is gratuitously vicious , gruesome and repulsive . Do n't say you were n't warned !
Low-budget horror does n't get much better than this .
Viewers eager to embrace 90 minutes of footage featuring women being brutalized , beaten , stalked and slaughtered may want to consider some serious introspection .
Women in horror movies are always the ones most brutalized , sure , but what McLean does to Magrath and Morassi borders on pure amoral hatred .
The film is okay , if you 're into that sort of thing , but it 's an acquired taste .
A fine , gritty , suspenseful , and yes , enjoyable genre piece .
It 's a depressing exercise in just mutilation and torture .
McLean has some skill , and we 'll probably be hearing more from him in coming years , though I ca n't say I 'm looking forward to it .
It 's boring , then it 's nasty , then it 's over . That last one is its only saving grace
Wolf Creek is another one of those formulaic horror movies that 'll have you screaming at the screen . Not out of fright mind you , but out of the desire to make the characters hear you yelling at them to stop doing stupid things .
The darkest lump of coal ever dropped down a moviegoer 's throat on Christmas Day , bought by the Weinsteins for $ 3.5 million . Next time , could we get a gift certificate instead ?
one of the more disturbing horror films I 've seen in quite some time .
It 's not your typical holiday attraction , but it should lift the spirits of horror devotees , if no one else .
A patient , naturalistic white-knuckled ride of terror .
Wolf Creek is wicked and witless -- cruel for the sake of cruelty .
... the ordeal is excruciating -- for the audience and for the victims ...
Hey , here 's an idea for the new year . What if a bunch of us get together somewhere and burn all copies of movies like `` Wolf Creek ? ''
There 's no substitute for bad taste . And this one has it double-barreled , both in the timing of its release and as a movie , one said to be loosely based on fact .
The even pacing and attention to character detail is what makes that harrowing second half so effective .
There 's no suspense , really , and the movie is carelessly vague about the victims , who have as much personality as lambs lining up for the slaughter .
This is some horror flick .
The four actors fit into their respective roles nicely , though in the case of Jarrat 's bushman Mick , nice is n't quite the right word .
What is the point , other than to show up the director 's technical skill at presenting mutilation ?
Killers do n't need motivation anymore , just opportunity . And despite game efforts to throw us off the scene , to surprise us into who will live and tell the tale , there are n't any surprises .
Jarrat 's jolly-creepy performance might place Mick in the pantheon of great movie killers .
Just because Dimension considered Greg McLean 's nasty exploitation flick worthy of their time and money does n't mean it deserves yours .
Made with the intention to scare moviegoers silly , and it succeeds .
As the situation grows more dire , and the film turns the screws , you remain thoroughly invested in the plight of its protagonists , because McLean has taken the time to make you care about each of his three main characters .
An initially promising horror film that turns exploitive , Wolf Creek fails to deliver the requisite payoff considering its leisurely pace .
Disappointingly formulaic .
You want to close your eyes but ca n't -- a sure sign the horror is working .
Wolf provides some scares , but the audience is the biggest victim of all .
As a purely visceral -- in both senses of the word -- exercise , Australian import Wolf Creek is extremely effective .
A very unpleasant movie .
That 's not a horror flick . This is a horror flick .
Writer/director Greg McLean shows a deft hand setting up the audience and terrorizing us , but does n't do it enough or early enough in the film .
No new ideas , and runs out of old ones fast .
The movie descends into a pool of bloody entrails , with lurid and sadistic killings that are more likely to nauseate than entertain .
It 's the quality of Wolf Creek and power of both its explicit and suggestive content that make it a standout .
As horror movies go , this is a pretty good one , at once a tense , visceral and tightly woven tale .
A gorily effective Australian variation of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
Shoehorning predictable parable and pallid allegory into a hobnail boot full of horror and sadism .
You may need to squirm and recoil a fair bit to get through the film , which involves graphic , sickening violence .
At least as unnerving as it is gratuitously sadistic , skin deep , and full of plot holes the size of Ayers Rock .
The film will probably be too much for the majority of audiences . As for hard-core horror fans , they may become a little restless themselves during the first half of the film .
Australian writer and director McLean produces what is likely the most riveting horror movie you will see this year .
Mr. McLean uses all sorts of storytelling tricks to keep you guessing while the quartet of unknown actors deliver deeply affecting performances .
While the movie is certainly unsettling , and even repulsive in parts , it 's not actually frightening ; graphic depictions of mindless cruelty are more revolting than scary .
... it 's only a movie -- one the Australian Tourism Commission probably does n't want you to see .
A repulsive and forgettable serial killer movie from Down Under , without a trace of plot , character or theme that would take us beyond the ... gore .
To call Wolf Creek 's U.S. Christmas opening counter-programming surely understates the strategy .
Unlike so many of its slick counterparts , Wolf Creek is genuinely unnerving and sometimes upsetting .
I found myself genuinely admiring the skill both behind and before the camera , while simultaneously searching for a blowtorch so I could destroy the negative .
The gritty , starkly uncompromising Wolf Creek comes as a breath of fresh air -- or , a breath of freshly coughed-up blood .
And that 's it : The bad guy with the sideburns tortures them and lets them have it one at a time .
The vogue for retro-horror , particularly the stripped-down shivers of 1970 's slasher flicks , continues apace in this nasty little piece of work from Australia .
There is a line and this movie crosses it . I do n't know where the line is , but it 's way north of Wolf Creek .
Director Greg McLean -LSB- takes -RSB- the plot in unpredictable directions , but the brain-dead characters continuously fail to use their heads .
Only a slight cut above the run-of-the-mill American slasher picture .
A lo-fi masterpiece , an intense ride through your worst nightmares .
Consummately well-crafted , unapologetically vicious and leavened with moments of humor that merely intensify the horror .
A shade better than a lot of the current crop of Hollywood horror movies -LRB- Saw II -RRB- and remakes and redos of Japanese terror films .
There are many things both slapdash and screwy with Creek , but McLean 's biggest sin is the 60-minute set-up before the horror kicks in .
Devastatingly real .
A loathsome low-budget thriller that 's only distinguished by its ability to juggle grotesque sadism and stultifying boredom .
Wolf Creek bills itself as `` Based On Real Events , '' a dubious claim since the film is rife with the sort of boneheaded plotting that can only be found in sub-par thrillers of this nature .
Un des films d'horreur les plus méchants et cruels des dernières années .
Mick Taylor should be in the pantheon of classic horror characters along with Leatherface and Freddy Krueger .
Wolf Creek is unimaginative , light on the grue and heavy on the faux-serious desperation .
Wolf Creek is an unrelenting , grueling experience .
A vicious torrent of blood-letting . What more can we want ?
An austere descent into inexplicable , unbridled mayhem .
... its debt to ... Texas Chainsaw Massacre is obvious . Still , this is a gritty flick that must be giving Australia 's Outback tourism industry a bad case of heartburn .
In this era of horror films soullessly carted out of Hollywood , Wolf Creek immediately stands apart from the pack .
Relentless as the midday Australian sun , Wolf Creek is an assured debut from writer director Greg McLean , although explicit violence and downbeat themes will deter some .
The film 's preference for female suffering gives it a misogynist undertow that 's even more unsettling than the gore .
Wolf Creek is well-made and well-acted but it 's also a horrific , downbeat and viciously nasty horror flick that 's often extremely difficult to watch % u2013 you have been warned .
Nothing more than the Australian man 's Texas Chainsaw Massacre ; another film that 's a little to liberal with a certain title card ...
One of the most viciously nasty horror thrillers in recent memory . But the extreme grisliness is purely gratuitous .
McLean 's film will have Wes Craven bowing his head in shame . It 's that good . One of the most well-written and entertaining films in years .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- scary cinema pushed to the brink of punishment . But there 's no question that what it sets out to do , it does alarmingly well .
Interesting , though always difficult , viewing .
McLean has crafted a skillful thriller that will likely invade the minds many mainstream and cult horror fans .
A fairly effective slasher movie , equal parts tense set-up and horrific prolonged climax .
It 's a story bound to give even the most seasoned thrill seeker nightmares .
` Based on a true story ! ' - except for all the nasty stuff we just made up .









@highlight

Though Wolf Creek is effectively horrific , it is still tasteless exploitation .