It 's ground zero for our current culture wars - not because it 's a good movie , but because it is bad in an unexpectedly revealing way .
I would have willingly taken several strips of ricin myself to be spared a single extra minute of the terrible , gurning , prancing , toweringly irritating piece of idiot ham that is Franco .
I could n't believe what I was going to watch when I had first seen the trailer , and those lofty expectations were met
The Interview in a nutshell : Half-baked and ultimately forgettable .
Its important to note that the movie is not so much a political satire as much as it is the typical Rogen-Franco-pot-filled-film we 've come to expect .
The Interview is gross and racist , and most of the time , it 's not even funny .
The enormous expectation created by a stupid political controversy only generated a disappointing feeling in front of a comedy without depth . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hysterical , silly , big dumb fun that makes for a great night out with your friends .
Even the film 's most ardent champions would likely concede that The Interview is a spectacularly weird film to end up at the center of a free speech brouhaha .
It 's funny and strange , with an admirably gonzo sensibility , and it approaches the job of mocking Kim with the appropriate degree of joy-buzzer delight .
-LSB- Franco 's -RSB- free-spirited screen presence gives the film the kind of anarchic momentum it requires , mirroring its totally-serious-but-not-at-all-serious bent .
The Interview , conversely , is little more than a sloppy air kiss blown lazily under the banner of free speech .
The suffocating level of redundancy on display kneecaps any legitimate chance the film had at embracing social satire .
I liked it for what it is .
There has never been as silly and inconsequential a film that prompted as huge a political fuss as this .
Whether it lives up to its reputation as a banner for the rights of `` artists '' to fictionally assassinate a living head of state might be debatable . Whether it is truly funny , outrageous or touching is obvious : It is not .
But for those who want to see The Interview because their curiosity has been piqued , many will exit realizing that all the hubbub was much ado about nothing .
There 's a good point to be made about how journalists can be co-opted by access to the powerful people they 're supposed to be holding accountable . Unfortunately , Rogen and Goldberg are n't the filmmakers to make this point .
Demonstrates an abject carelessness which is more offensive than any other wrongdoing of which The Interview has been accused .
... a slight improvement over Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg 's directorial debut , 2013 's This Is the End ...
Super sloppy and very , very silly , The Interview at least does n't pull its punches .
Driven by the blustery , swear-happy , cadence-free performances that characterise most Seth Rogen comedies , this reasonably funny lark at least has the distinction of mixing in some light political satire with the usual knockabout fare we 've come to expect
It 's a workable premise , and the film delivers some scattered laughs in those moments when it can tear itself away from typically puerile and repetitive gags .
I did n't laugh at all that blood and gore , but I did laugh at some of the running jokes about junk news shows and celebrity interviews . That stuff is close to the truth .
The Interview is all bromance and no bite , all dick jokes and no penetrating satire . Sorry Seth and Evan ; Trey and Matt did it .
The final third of the film , which is directed by Rogen and Evan Goldberg , degenerates into a humourless and violent Rambo pastiche .
More tasteless farce than blistering satire , The Interview is a relatively innocuous comedy ...
The Interview at its best is just intermittently amusing , with an obsession about the sanctity of bottoms . These boys need to stop clenching .
For every joke that works , there are five that do n't .
Strangely misconceived , tasteless and only very intermittently funny .
While Rogen and Goldberg 's stance is clearly anti-North Korean government , the duo do n't exactly wave the American flag high either , with the film throwing some hits the way of its own country .
If we had all met our fate over The Interview , war really would be indefensibly senseless .
Some wild ideas and crazy situations by themselves do n't make a 106 minute comedy . Please try harder
The idea is much funnier than the film : a crazy cocktail of political satire and silly buddy movie jammed with sexual innuendos and crass references to body parts
What baffles is why Rogen and his retinue , having survived so many solid comic premises undermined by flabby improvisation and witless stoner shtick , do n't get disciplined and start delivering on their ideas .
A ridiculous , juvenile , funny-ish dick-and-fart comedy that should be taken seriously by absolutely no one .
From start to finish , The Interview is simply a joy to watch .
I laughed more than I expected , spurred on by the fact that in doing so I was exercising a basic democratic right .
The Interview will be looked back on as a Hollywood comedy of huge significance , it 's just a shame it is n't really any good .
There 's half of a great satire here , as Seth Rogen , James Franco and Evan Goldberg combine that freewheeling mayhem from This Is the End with some more pointed political comedy .
You should see The Interview . But is it worth the price of admission ? Though I will forever treasure its punch lines -LRB- `` Your butt-hole is ironic ! '' -RRB- the answer , alas , is no .
Bad taste jokes and a goofy bromance follow in an uninspired , unfunny romp .
After a promisingly crass start , the film runs out of ideas and after some T&A material and violent slapstick , winds up in a mood of plumply sentimental solemnity .
As a spoof on popular culture and politics , it 's naughty , dumb and patchily funny . And while Franco chews the scenery , Rogen and Park display excellent comic timing .
Who 'd have thought a 21st century reboot of Spies Like Us would cause so much bother ?
The Dictator , starring Sacha Baron Cohen , was much sharper at skewering the hypocrisy of the US . But The Interview is still a naughty , nutty joy .
Everything it was cracked down to be .
Not the most consistently amusing film of the Rogen / Franco collection , but certainly the most politically audacious . Also : still pretty funny .
Seth Rogen and James Franco topple communism with comic truth bombs in this jolly satire .
It 's the best thing both Franco and his co-star Seth Rogen have done in what feels like years : a raucous , abrasive , snort-out-loud satire with mischief in its heart and methane in its gut .
Unfortunately , it grieves me to report that The Interview just ai n't very funny .
The humour is mostly crotch-level and initial bonhomie gives way to tiresome violence in a largely joke-free finale .
No matter how old-hat or gross-out the gags get , the two leads still get a fair amount of mileage out of their own reliably irreverent chemistry .
Park is sharp , funny and oddly sweet as the dictator but , even with a toned-down assassination sequence , the movie is a throwaway , worthier of a few laughs than it is a full-on international furor .
Amid the political and commercial hullaballoo about Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg 's The Interview , I found myself paraphrasing an old show-business adage : `` International relations are easy . Comedy is hard . ''
A comedy fatally short on laughs .
The movie more or less vaporizes the Supreme Leader in graphic slow motion ... This is the special-effects shot heard ` round the world , judging by its reverberations in the arenas of entertainment , politics and the news media .
It 's dumb humor , all right . But it also follows a long cultural precedent of using schoolyard scatological jeers to bring down the mighty .
If you can make it through the first fifteen minutes you 'll be rewarded with a movie that 's very funny , emotionally deep and has more , perhaps , to say about American interventionism than it does about the real Kim Jong Un .
The Interview is marked by a true naiveté about international perception and what can be gotten away with in the name of `` all in good fun . ''
Determinedly silly ... -LSB- but the -RSB- undisciplined frat-bro comedy 's accumulation of innuendos , boner jokes , gay jokes , and gags that tread through racist and misogynist territory works out to less than the sum of the juvenile parts .
Rogen is far better at directing other performers-or at least performers who are not close friends-than he is at directing himself .
At its best , The Interview is a deft work of satire .
Whether or not the film strikes a blow for free speech , it most certainly strikes one for lowbrow humor and dubious taste .
It 's funny , both as a bro-buddy comedy with many jokes sourced from the underwear region , and as an opportunity to put the `` political '' in `` political incorrectness . ''
What 's wrong with The Interview is that it does n't know how to be the singeing comedy it wants .
The Interview might be a cause celebre , whose temporary shelving by Sony was treated as a free speech issue , but it is a broad , somewhat laboured comedy .
The Interview , the gross-out satire that has united Americans in support of free speech and against North Korea , is broad , bawdy and bad -- but also consistently , undeniably entertaining .
The Interview , symbol though it 's become , ai n't nothing but a movie .
For those of us cynics anticipating the abominable , The Interview could come as quite the letdown . It has its moments . But make no mistake : this is adolescent , frat-house humour . Think Animal House meets Rambo .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- This could mark the first time in history that a movie was used as an excuse to start a war .
The Interview 's jokes fall flat not because they 're stupid , but because the stupidity does n't rise to the occasion .
It is indeed a lowbrow comedy , but it 's not just some dumb movie - and the fictitious assassination of a living world leader is not even the most dangerous thing about it .
Like an amateur with a shotgun , the movie fires everything it can at the screen without ever hitting a target .
Te best satire provokes and even outrages , and Rogen , Franco and Goldberg certainly succeed on that score .
This maintains a level of hilarity on par with `` Pineapple Express '' and `` This is the End . '' Everybody ... just relax , and let yourself have a good laugh .
Much more about friendship and loyalty than it is about killing a foreign leader or even making fun of one ... As satire it is very broad ; as broad comedy it is surprisingly , and pleasingly , smart .
The Interview may be caught up in turmoil -- considering how smart it is about how dumb we can be when pop culture meets politics , that 's pretty funny -- but it 's also a funny , risky and well-done comedy far ahead of most of its studio peers .
Strip away the butt jokes , and there 's a comic satire of power-mad idiocy on a level with `` Dr. Strangelove '' or `` Duck Soup . ''
Unfortunately , while The Interview does have some truly funny moments , actually taking in a screening of the movie is a bit of a letdown .
A great reminder why we should never go to war over a Seth Rogen movie , but we should go to the Cineplex for one .
Though overlong , The Interview elicits a good number of laughs from its go-for-broke execution and boundless energy .
a silly , broad , very funny comedy about a couple of close male friends who represented high and low , going on a profoundly stupid adventure .
A State Dept consulted presidential assassination comedy , exploiting bellicose twists and turns . And related to false flags , corporation terrorism , inside jobs , a covert assault on net neutrality , and the evolving , disturbing Military Hollywood Complex .
A silly , sloppy and sophomoric slob-comedy ... to paraphrase Shakespeare , it 's much ado about very little .
This is what all the fuss was about ?
The film feels like a Saturday Night Live sketch that went longer than it should with the writers having no where to go after the laugh meter reached it peak early .
Somewhat funny , mostly pointless , definitely questionable , and arguably harmless .
It 's stupid . It 's in bad taste . It impossible . I know all that . But Rogen 's instinct to try anything for giggles and sticking it to dictatorial assholes is worth fighting for . Screw Kim if he ca n't take a joke .
It 's certainly smutty-and infantile . Maybe half the jokes miss . But it is a truly savage work .
`` The Interview '' is something of a disappointment , and I 'm not just saying that because North Korea has gotten its Internet back up .
Everyone here is in way over his or her head .
Bluntly funny and ever-so-slightly sweet .
There 's a whip-smart , pointed comedy in `` The Interview . '' Unfortunately it 's buried in there . Really deep .
It will go down in history . Not a bad fate for a totally undistinguished juvenile comedy with the nubbiest of satirical teeth .
If the movie deserves criticism at all , it should not be because it 's juvenile -LRB- it is , and proudly so -RRB- , but only because the largely improvised jokes are hit and miss .
If you did n't see this in a theater , you cheated . And cheated yourself .
A toothless , brainless comedic misfire that 's low on laughs , wit and clever satire . If you 're expecting this to become a cult classic comedy , you 'll be sorely disappointed .
Its lesson is that American pop culture is inescapable , our great achievement and most popular export , the weapon we wield abroad and the glue trap we struggle with at home .
A film of monumental stupidity . If the Rand Corporation served as a consultant , no wonder American imperialism is messing up everywhere .
Some people might regard watching The Interview as an act of patriotism , but really it 's just a mildly amusing way to pass the time .
Lost in a haze of aimless improvisation and dreary dumb guy antics , `` The Interview '' is n't a lethal weapon of a movie , it 's merely a mediocre one , never matching its hellraising potential .
If anything , The Interview is too obvious in terms of its insights and too imprecise in terms of the humor it uses to bolster them .
With so much controversy clouding just about everything with this rather sophomoric comedy , it may be easy to overlook the nuts it took to make it in the first place .
The film is not a dangerous weapon , or a tool for anti-Korean propaganda . It does kill , but with comedy .
If you like your dictator mockery served on a sharper , smarter dish , you should probably just do what everyone else seems to be doing , and rewatch Team America : World Police .
Rogen and Franco have an easy chemistry that never fails to entertain , but The Interview is the dumbest and least continuously funny film they 've been involved with to date .
Much of the film is devoted to the hit-and-miss -LRB- but strangely moving -RRB- riffing between the leading men .
Imagine `` Harold and Kumar Go to North Korea , '' or `` Bill and Ted 's Excellent North Korean Adventure '' or even `` The Road to Pyongyang '' starring Bob Hope and Bing Crosby . You get the idea .
There 's a story hidden underneath all this incessant riffing that could have made a poignant statement about modern politics and celebrity if the movie had dared to actually follow it through .
This buddy comedy is no classic on the level of Pineapple Express ...
Characterizing it as satire elevates the creative execution of the film 's very silly faux assassination of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un far beyond what it merits .
In a less politically sensitive time , Randall Park 's flat-out brilliant performance would be hailed as the breakout , star-making , even awards nomination-worthy , turn that it is .
For all the controversy , in the end , the funniest thing about The Interview may be people 's `` Is that what the fuss was about ? '' response to the finished product .
Offers a few moments of casual brilliance but otherwise trips itself up in the threads of its contrived absurdity .
The remarkably dismal quality is emblematic of the mind-set that brought the movie , and its attendant crises , into being .
Randall Park , who plays Kim , is a riot throughout .
`` The Interview '' struggles to really illuminate anything about the stranger-than-fiction Orwellian nightmare that is North Korea , but its attempt is admirable . It deserves to be seen .
It 's just stupid enough that some things are funny . Sadly , it is n't smart enough to realize that other things are n't terribly funny and that an opportunity was lost here .
It may be profane and sloppy and silly and insulting to the North Koreans , but The Interview is a guilty pleasure .
Not all of it is the type of humor that necessarily rewards repeated viewings , but it 's fast and buoyant , and the chemistry between Franco and Rogen is pleasing as ever .
That something so carefully slapdash and happily juvenile actually resulted in cyber-sabotage and threats of violence is , in itself , an enormous kind of joke . Too bad it 's the biggest one here .
If you 're curious , the movie that has North Korea so upset is genuinely amusing , if flawed in the length department .
Hate to say it , but this film ai n't half the satire it could have been .
A dangerous comedy about a dangerous regime should n't be safe for suburban dads .
Maybe you will love The Interview - if you can ever see the movie - as much as some people hate or fear it . But if you 're hoping for any cogent political satire here , then the joke 's on you .
In their third film together , Franco and Rogen have a terrific banter and an underlay of affection . This kind of rapport is rare .
I love the idea of colliding the profane with the profound , and even if the film does n't always quite work , I applaud the chutzpah to make it happen . I want more , not less of this stuff , more idols smashed , more balloons pricked .
Yes , there have been terrorist threats over a Seth Rogen movie with a Guinness-level number of anus jokes .
Like their affable , ignorant characters , Rogen and Franco seem in way over their heads with `` The Interview . ''
The Interview confirms Rogen as the most ambitious mainstream comedian in Hollywood .
The Interview is laugh out loud funny all the way through , and once again proves that Rogen and Goldberg will do anything , no matter how dark , for a big laugh , and that character is just as important as punchlines in their work .
It essentially uses a major global issue to cheaply dress up what is two hours of hit-and-miss erection jokes .
While The Interview never slacks in its mission to tell jokes , it 's such a messy and meandering movie that it never quite lands as a satire of politics or the media or anything else .
Though its unlikely to stand out as one of the shrewdest political satires of its time , -LSB- it -RSB- is a clever , unrestrained -- and most importantly -- sidesplitting parody that pokes fun at both a vapid media and one of the world 's most dangerous dictators .
The Interview has the comic batting average of a mediocre-to-average Saturday Night Live sketch ...
A film that 's funny in spots - with a few touches of mild political satire - but self-indulgent and one-note for long stretches .
Putting two American dinguses in North Korea is rich source material for racial stereotyping , but the jokes are , by and large , self-aware .
About as funny as a communist food shortage , and just as protracted .
The Interview flirts with some fascinating moral and societal subtexts but uses unrelated jokes as a crutch .
Hilarious , but it 's probably going to get us nuked .
The Interview fails to live up to the hype , floundering as a rowdy comedy as it grows duller by the minute .

@highlight

Unfortunately overshadowed by controversy -LRB- and under-screened as a result -RRB- , The Interview 's screenplay offers middling laughs bolstered by its two likable leads .