God Save The Girl is an overly sentimental and drawn out experience whose stylistic pastiche of musicals is less clever than it thinks it is .
Come for the movie , struggle through the story , and embrace the tunes .
Two hours whose every restless minute is felt , no matter how fetchingly and frequently the stunning Emily Browning croons directly to the camera .
It 's trying to go for the rainbow , the big magic , a thunderbolt of release , but never quite hits the mark .
God Help the Girl is about aspirations and goals , musical or otherwise . Murdoch is working some things out here , gracefully on the whole .
`` Girl '' meanders narratively and with random chronology ...
The movie is like a milk shake so sweet that you want to keep drinking , even as you begin to gag .
It 's adorable . It 's also very thin .
I ca n't help but have a pooling soft spot shy of a puddle of swoon for `` God Help The Girl , '' the expectedly twee but crazy-charming lovable coming-of-age musical written and directed by Stuart Murdoch , also known as the lead singer of Belle & Sebastian .
Too cute at times , but ultimately kind of charming .
Browning , staring down the camera and singing up a storm , brings buckets of soulfulness to a script that might not be terribly deep .
At 90 minutes , this material might have sped through . Coming closer to two hours , it drags .
Murdoch 's film is sweet monument to that age , when life had the promise of a perfectly crafted pop song . God Help the Girl is not so perfectly crafted , but the promise -- oh , the promise is irresistible .
Like the music , the filmmaking habitually meanders .
God Help the Girl 's second-act showstopper `` Musician , Please Take Heed '' probably wo n't become a `` Let It Go '' - level cultural phenomenon , but it very much deserves to be .
If , like me , you have a weakness for movies where people burst into song , this will be right up your alley
God Help the Girl is extremely twee . It gives you every reason to hate it , and yet , despite its affectations , it is also pretty wonderful .
The lively , playful , self-aware musical God Help the Girl has such a will-o ' - the-wisp quality you fear it will disappear if you attempt to fence it .
God Help the Girl is like a pop song that is a bit unshapely and a little silly , but you ca n't get it out of your head .
Some of the tunes are catchy and the production numbers are choreographed with a charming whimsy , but ultimately the mundane lyrics do n't have enough substance beneath the surface .
Twee indie musical about art 's healing power has charm .
A gentle musical drama that ultimately drifts into too many culs-de-sac .
This is n't a memorable or especially serious film , despite its nod toward `` issues , '' but it has an insouciant spirit all its own .
The picture -LRB- and its leading actors -RRB- are so likable that I 'm inclined to forgive its flaws .
It was made for the young , to become a traditional rite of passage for anyone who picks up a guitar , hates the world but is equally frightened of it .
The movie does n't quite make it to two hours , but my patience was tried pretty much any point at which the movie went a long stretch without a song .
Belle and Sebastian fans will be fully sated ; everyone else might feel as if they 'd consumed a meal consisting entirely of meringue .
The movie 's heart is true and its effort is laudable , but it does n't end up tackling these ideas in a truly satisfactory manner .
an amateurish effort , but it 's also a bright and ebullient attempt to explain how the sounds surrounding us both soothe and suffocate
... but for those who are open to the experience , God Help the Girl is enjoyable on two fronts : the high energy shared by its three leads , who seem like a group it would be fun to pal around with ; and Murdoch 's songwriting .
If God Help the Girl were any more precious , Gollum would steal it .
God Help the Girl is like a good song that stays with you long after it 's over .
The sheer earnestness and unassuming glee of the film manage to pull off what contemporary musicals have been unable to do lately : evoke pure joy and enthrallment .
Inconsistent in a way contemporary productions rarely are , its shortcomings the result of an excess of creative energy , rather than a lack thereof .
It essentially amounts to a series of music videos .
God Help The Girl is ultimately an affirmation of life and music : a quirky little how-to manual on surviving the worst of youth by learning how to contain it within a frame .
Browning captures Eve 's weariness and enthusiasm , and her lovely voice and crisp delivery gives Murdoch 's labored lyrics a vulnerable immediacy .
Stuart Murdoch clearly knows quite a bit about crafting pop tunes , but the film 's consideration of the work of songwriting is totally flippant .
With bouncy pop tunes and a breezy tone , this Scottish musical sometimes feels so weightless that it seems to float right out of existence . At other times it 's startlingly dark and moving , touching on earthy emotions and important themes .
God Help the Girl has a ramshackle charm and the naked sincerity of an earnest adolescent . It cuddles up ; it wins you over .
Anyone who is brought out in hives by Murdoch 's brand of pop will undoubtedly be itching to slap his threesome ... but Belle and Sebastian fans will be in heaven .
The occasional awkwardness of God Help the Girl is part of its considerable charm .
`` Do n't Give Up the Day Job '' would have been a better title .
A spirit of youthful naivety does permeate the tale , but while it 's sure to charm some , others may find it all insufferably twee .
Cynics will find it toe-curling in its whimsicality but incurable romantics will be won over but its sweet sincerity .
It 's not funny or clever , or even musically very interesting . It 's just bad .
Winsomely engaging , largely thanks to Emily Browning 's gamine lead performance .
Like an artisan breadcrumb trail , God Helpthe Girl is made of disconnected parts yetones so tangythat it is easy to be tickled right until the end .
The whole phantasmagorical enterprise is so sweetly confident that it just about gets away with its entirely casual approach to believability .
It risks curling the toes of non-believers but wins you over in the end by wearing its heart so boldly on its sleeve .
As Marmite-y as Stuart Murdoch 's music , you 'll find it either winningly charming or irritatingly fey . Either way , its warmth shines through .
If only the characters were more focussed : as it is there 's a sense that this a heartfelt film , without really touching the heart .
The cutesiness will entice / repel viewers in equal measure , but it has a lot of heart , and displays it on its sleeve .
God Help the Girl marks the writing-directing debut of Stuart Murdoch from Scottish musical duo Belle and Sebastian and it 's marvelous in almost every respect .
The star , Emily Browning , is all bangs and eyes ; there could n't be a more perfect-looking physical representation of a Belle and/or a Sebastian if Stuart Murdoch Weird Science 'd one into existence .
Polished , poised and endearingly confident , driven by editing and performances every bit as precise as the wordplay in Murdoch 's lyrics .
God Help the Girl is a quaint , pretentious film , representative of a quaint , pretentious band .
It 's easy to categorize Murdoch 's film as a vanity project , but if it is , it 's a very honest one .
Stuart Murdoch 's story of three Scottish misfits who start a band is rife with the kind of giddy thrills and hormonal flushes you associate with being a teen .
An indie musical that feels like one long B-side .
Fraught with ambition and aspiration , but thin on talent and technique .
This debut film by Belle and Sebastian singer-songwriter Stuart Murdoch is a slender exercise in self-conscious charm .
A major gaffe , God Help The Girl finds a great artist taking on a huge challenge and stumbling painfully on its ambition almost every step of the way .
God Help The Girl has a soft whimsy that connects to a time before video clips put editing rhythms into overdrive .
It 's warm and generous , verging on the sentimental ; a film that crystallises the best and worst of Belle and Sebastian 's songwriting skills .

@highlight

While it may strike harder-hearted viewers as excessively twee , God Help the Girl floats by on its sweet charm and talented cast .