Sprawling , uneven , heartfelt
Buoyed by terrific performances from Irrfan Kahn and the tremendous Tabu , the film is a bit homogenized but does a good job of exploring the dynamics of blending foreign cultures with American ways of life .
lacks focus and never quite finds its footing
This movie is not bad , I just could n't connect with it . The Namesake is poignant -LRB- I cried once -RRB- and spans many years with grace and great acting , but it may be beyond my ken to truly appreciate as it deserves .
What holds it together are the subtle loving performances by Tabu and Khan , both Bollywoood stars . They never overplay , never spell out what can be said in a glance or a shrug , communicate great passion very quietly .
Mira Nair 's film is called The Namesake which immediately focuses our attention toward the value of names and naming -LRB- and that theme is explored occasionally within the film -RRB- , but to slip even further down the rabbit hole , the more intriguing area of disc
Kal Penn , who got kooky for ` Harold and Kumer Go To White Castle , ' shows his impressive serious side here as Gogol Ganguli , a guy who suspects that his given name may be a fatal turnoff with females .
A magnificent meditation on what it might mean for many immigrants to be American in the 21st Century .
A fascinating and gripping drama on the search for identity ...
The all too familiar tale of the upwardly mobile immigrants conflicted between tradition and modernity is played out for all it is worth .
Fabulous immigrant-family saga to see with teens .
This is a film made with obvious care and affection , both for the specifics of the story and the broader society it depicts .
Una película fresca , reveladora , emotiva , graciosa , encantadora , que se disfruta como un viaje o como un viejo libro que nos han dejado guardado para abrir , por primera vez , en el momento justo .
A very emotionally powerful , moving film .
intelligent and moving
When The Namesake ends , one feels as though one has lived with the characters instead of just watching them .
Nair obviously cares deeply about these people and , through her sensitive storytelling , she persuades the audience to make an emotional investment in them as well .
It is a saga told in small pieces , a patchwork of short scenes that tumble after each other almost apologetically , as if they would love to linger a little longer , but there is too much to tell and only so much time in which to do it .
Nair may have bitten off more than she -- or anyone -- could chew with this sprawling narrative , but she 's done as right by it as possible .
It is a considerable achievement , assured , moving , often very funny .
Bollywood stars Tabu and Khan are excellent as Gogol 's concerned parents , and Taraporevala is patient enough to allow their characters to build a real relationship from the ground up .
This poignant tale resonates wherever you are placed in the world .
The performances are formidable and moving , and there 's much to be gleaned about the natural , universal clash between generations and between cultures .
Penn is just wrong for it .
There were many moments when I found myself wanting to refer to the book to find out what really happened .
The clash of cultures is simply the beginning of a journey that is as emotionally dense as it is colourful . From tears to elation . .
Because the film has a lot of ground to cover in a short time , it offers linear , literal and sometimes stilted representations of the book 's elegant interior voice .
This is a very good movie .
The movie might be perceived as being a little slow but it 's surprisingly engrossing , and the occasional bits of humor are welcome and in keeping with the tone of the entire piece .
The end result hits the right notes , but with insufficient force .
Sweeping and intimate at once .
The Namesake delivers such a tactile presence that it 's difficult not to leave feeling as if you 've just struggled through a New York winter , attended an Indian wedding , and returned from a Calcutta holiday .
Told with compassion and delicacy , The Namesake provides a stirring view of cultural assimilation and personal discovery .
Director Mira Nair is in her element here , ... celebrating her native India and its cross-connections with America .
... a wonderful movie .
Mira Nair is the sort of talent we take for granted , discovering it all over again when she has a new film .
Intelligent and insightful , The Namesake celebrates family in a unique way .
If you 're not a basketcase of sobby , sloppy tears of sadness and joy by the end of The Namesake , then I do n't know what 's wrong with you .
worth watching for the acting and for some heartfelt tearjerker moments
A rewarding adaptation of a well-regarded book .
If it remains engaging for most of its two-hour running time , it 's largely thanks to the casting .
It 's good to know nominal lead Kal Penn now has something more substantial on his resumé than Harold & Kumar Get The Munchies
This Indian immigrant family saga is a pleasant watch , but given the emotive source novel , it 's surprisingly superficial .
The Ganguli 's become real people ; we experience with the Ganguli 's the joy of life and the pain of death and all that comes in between -- nothing earth-shattering , but altogether true .
Kal Penn can actually ACT . Who knew ?
As rich , fulfilling and complex as a traditional Indian meal .
This is a wonderful movie .
It 's an oft-told story of tolerance and assimilation , of no particular interest in itself , but Nair has such a cinematic eye that her films are always a visual feast . She does not disappoint here .
The Namesake does n't reduce itself to simple ethnic politics and easy critiques .
A moving generational drama focusing on a Bengali family but searingly universal in its subtle , tender grasp of love , regret and the search for identity .
There 's more love and heart in The Namesake than in many Hollywood dramas . I just wish the filmmakers had spread it around . Cross-cultural understanding should be a two-way street .
The Namesake is three-fourths of a fine film . Which is , of course , far better than most .
Mira Nair has made one of the best movies about the immigrant American experience ever . And even if you know nothing about India and its customs , The Namesake is not a movie you have to get into .
Namesake is not just a visual experience . The script is witty , the story is beautifully paced , and the performances are exemplary .
Sprawling but affecting family drama , marked by sensitive direction and fine performances .
Simply put , `` The Namesake '' is one of the best films about family , heritage and identity to hit the big screen in ages .
There are weddings , parties and a funeral in the movie . Nair knows exactly what to do with these . As a director , she has the instincts of a great hostess -- which I mean as high praise .
Rendered in visual impressions rather than plotty assertions , these complex relationships are affecting and unforgettable .
Deserves credit for its graceful attempt to tell an all-American story with warm , unromanticized characters trying to discover who they are in a land too eager to impose its own definition on them .
The Namesake has a deep , alluvial poetry to it , like a mighty river reaching the sea . It 's mysterious and ordinary , insightful and banal , rambling and precise , and it is altogether unexpected .
... a deeply felt look at the ties of family and birthplace , the loneliness of living far from your home , and the connections that hold everything together ...
-LSB- Director -RSB- Nair and screenwriter Sooni Taraporevala bring the novel 's velvety heart to the screen . The film glides smoothly over the years , touching down to give us the vignettes that make up a life .
The Namesake is an understated picture that draws a viewer completely into the world it presents .
Mira Nair 's The Namesake conveys a palpable sense of people as living , breathing creatures who are far more complex than their words might indicate .
After The Pursuit of Happyness I did n't think I 'd see a better movie about dads for a decade -- maybe that 's why I was bowled over by The Namesake .
The Namesake ambitiously reveals the gains and perils of assimilation , and it heightens awareness about how difficult it can be to strike the right balance between family demands and personal development .
Though the film seems hurried in the last half hour -- most likely to get as much of the book covered as possible -- it still maintains a loveliness bridged by these two generations of Gangulis , whose disparate life experiences can not bond them .
When The Namesake focuses on the family and Gogol 's struggle to understand what his father means to him , the film is a rich experience . But side trips into Gogol 's romantic life are thin .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Mira Nair proves , once again , that she is a world class filmmaker .
Watching love build ; slowly , elegantly , wordlessly ; between Ashima and Ashoke is spellbinding , while the complex societal pangs assaulting Gogol are palpable and real no mater what a person 's skin color or cultural background .
The film is generally engaging but feels elusively incomplete . One could say it is about the journey rather than the destination .
A thoughtful and engrossing study of identity , assimilation , and finding the way home .
Mira Nair returns to her interests in class and immigrant life in this loving adaptation of Jhumpa Lahiri 's novel The Namesake .
Like the best-selling novel it 's based on , The Namesake chronicles two generations of an Indian immigrant family with compelling flow .
The Namesake brims with intelligence , compassion and sensuous delight in the textures , sights and sounds of life -- all the way from the Taj Mahal to Pearl Jam .
You wo n't recommend The Namesake to everyone you know , but you 'll put in a good word to those who like their movies restrained and their pleasures small .
... accomplishes what many fact-based biopics fail to do . The picture gives us a sense of someone 's full , lived life .
The Namesake is a rich and moving motion picture .
It 's so beautifully done .
... benefits from the uniformly superb performances ...
`` The Namesake '' is a hurried tapestry of cross-cultural experience that periodically derails due to episodic hopscotching in Sooni Taraporevala 's script adaptation of Jhumpa Lahiri 's debut novel about .
A funny and touching adaptation of Pulitzer Prize-winner Jhumpa Lahiri 's novel about two generations of Bengali-Americans attempting to reconcile the world of their collective past with that of their individual futures .
Ultimately , the film leaves us floundering .
Nair has taken a fascinating piece of literature and woven a rich cultural tapestry for the screen . The Namesake elicits laughter and tears in its profound and emotionally resonant family portrait .
A rich , if not completely satisfying , pleasure .
A deeply moving saga of several generations of a Bengali family .
An unfocused and overly episodic drama that emotionally truncates what could have been a richly textured saga of an Indian family torn between assimilation and tradition .
There 's elegance in the cinematography and pathos in some of the performances , but the script lacks structure . The movie shuttles between life events , more a snapshot collection of episodes than a cohesive character study .
The Namesake illuminates the immigrant experience in ways that feel at once exotic and deeply familiar .
This gorgeously designed and photographed movie artfully depicts the immigrant experience in ways that transcend its setting .
The Namesake is suffused with radiant grace , and manages to be old-fashioned yet immediate , epic and intimate .
The Namesake , about a Bengali couple who raise their family in New York , is rich in particulars . Yet the emphasis in Mira Nair 's film version of Jhumpa Lahiri 's best-selling novel keeps falling on the generic .
Director Mira Nair 's film The Namesake is so involving and touching that to find fault feels akin to nit-picking all the way home from a lovely dinner party .
Impressive performances and handsome cinematography ca n't stop Mira Nair 's `` The Namesake '' from being a generational epic that is unfortunately lacking in any emotional intensity .
Although the story 's main concern focuses on Gogol 's character arc , it was -LSB- Irfan -RSB- Khan 's character , a soft-spoken man of gentle dignity , who really drew me in .
Namesake is rough around the edges , but radiates a poignancy that 's impossible to shake .
This sweet , but not cloying , adaptation of Jhumpa Lahiri 's delicate novel brings us some wonderful moments .
Here , the director has found her most apt presentation of the American way , its blemishes and beauty marks completely intact .
What 's in a Namesake ? Too much , as this overstuffed adaptation of Jhumpa Lahiri 's bestseller spans two continents and 30-plus years . Fortunately , solid performances and Mira Nair 's sensitive direction make the lengthy journey a pleasant one .
A saga of the immigrant experience that captures the snap , crackle and pop of American life , along with the pounding pulse , emotional reticence , volcanic colors and cherished rituals of Indian culture .
The Namesake takes in a lot of territory , and at times is too diffuse , too attenuated . But the actors are so expressive that they provide their own continuity . They transport us to a realm of pure feeling .
An intimate , melancholy look at the isolation and disorientation common to the immigrant experience .
The actors are so engaging and the settings often so seductive , we pleasurably submit to what is essentially a two-hour penance for all the hurt and wrongs one has ever inflicted upon one 's parents .
Combines the intimate pleasures of a family saga with a finely sustained inquiry into the difficult balance between separation and integration that shapes the lives of first-generation immigrants and their children in crucially different ways .
Kal Penn 's performance is a good cornerstone to a good , worthwhile film .
What should have been a home run for Nair is an unfocused mess of a movie that fails to really capture or keep one 's interest .
The Namesake is a thoroughly engaging , terrifically moving family story that 's rich in beautifully observed and lovingly conveyed human detail .
This is a generational family saga everyone can relate to , and Nair gives it her special magic .
The Namesake combines the intimate pleasures of a family saga with a finely sustained inquiry into the difficult balance between separation and integration that shapes the consciousness of first-generation émigrés and their children .
A movie that will speak to anyone who has ever felt pulled in different directions by his own heart .
An astonishing film about a Bengali family and their experiences in Calcutta and Manhattan as they deal with divided loyalties and yearn for love , freedom , and meaning .
It 's full of good intentions -- too full . Love can sometimes blind you , as it does Nair , who tries to pack in too much of the book .
The Namesake is worth seeing for its unflinching depiction of family hardships and stunning cinematography .
After the flop of Vanity Fair , Nair is back on terra firma with a more personal film that explores her consistent theme : The meaning of family -- American family . The saga is colorful , but only partially effective as an adaptation of a great novel .
Few film directors have captured the real immigrant experience with the uncanny empathy which Nair has here .
The episodic structure grows rather rambling over two hours .
-LSB- The Namesake will -RSB- make you want to a -RRB- book a holiday to India and b -RRB- call your mother .
Remains remarkably intimate , focussing finely on the characters as it weaves a fascinating tapestry of the meeting of cultures .
Mira Nair 's handsome but inert adaptation of Jhumpa Lahiri 's Pulitizer Prize winning novel is another reminder of the fact that some books were not born to be movies .
Jhumpa Lahiri 's wildly popular novel about two generations of a Bengali family receives a loving , deeply felt screen translation that should appease fans of the book while making many new converts .
The cast as a whole excels , in fact , and the sumptuous cinematography by Frederick Elmes helps rescue a movie that should have been better than it is .
Nair 's film settles for something closer to the surface that makes its dramatic points well and brings Lahiri 's characters to life but misses the emotional intensity .







@highlight

An ambitious exploration of the immigrant experience with a talented cast that serves the material well .