A satisfyingly sarcasm-free ode to the flickering absurdity of romance
I ca n't believe that even the most rabid chick-flick masochists would n't gag on it .
Maybe I 'm just overly romantic or sentimental or just plain naive , but I probably liked The Lake House more than I should have .
Time-travel films often bring up a lot of questions , and they often fall apart with thoughtful scrutiny , but that 's part of the fun . However , one should n't be wondering that the only benefit these two have with this magical mailbox connection is that they
A little under water , but it still floats .
Endless implausibility , cheesy dialogue , and the inert personalities of its charisma-zapped leads conspire to doom this chilly magical mailbox love sham . Nice soundtrack , though .
Like all good romantic movies there 's a beautiful house on the lake and a cuddly dog . Good dialogue , great direction , sweet cinematography and good acting -- even by Keanu .
Phantom mail ... a postal carrier 's worst nightmare ...
An intriguing idea . Too bad the asteroid sized temporal paradox ruins the end of the flm .
Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock bring their respective talents to this badly fumbled attempt at a supernatural romantic comedy .
It refreshingly becomes less about time travel and more about the choices we make and the chances we miss .
Reeves y Bullock no interpretan el papel de su vida , sin embargo cumplen con las expectativas del público en un producto ligero de fin de semana .
Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves , two actors with talent I admire , launched their careers -LRB- at least as movie stars -RRB- on a runaway bus -LRB- Speed -RRB- in 1994 . They appear to be throwing themselves under one here .
Agresti has effectively skirted around hard logic with his velvety presentation .
While it 's not the worst entry from either actor , it 's certainly another lame-brained blemish in their careers .
You know the picture is in trouble when the best actor is the dog and the dog is n't even named Lassie .
Bullock holds her half of the movie up well , proving that she can do subdued just as well as sunny .
Just when we think we 've come to terms with its brand of poorly-plotted silliness it ups the ante once more .
Considered as a vehicle for what I was looking for , -LRB- namely these two stars -RRB- a success . As a critic , some things you forgive .
Despite the conventions , and a time travel gimmick that winds up being an utter mess , there 's something worth appreciating here which makes it certainly worth a look
I have always felt that both Ms. Bullock 's patented expressions of anguish and Mr. Reeves ' stoical minimalism have been somewhat underrated .
While the movie is n't as bad as its dubious trailer portends , it suffers terribly from a truncated narrative puzzle device that connects two lovers from different eras via an old-fashioned mailbox at a lake house .
The most romantic movie since ` Somewhere In Time '
The last time Bullock and Reeves were together on screen the result was Speed . This should have been entitled Stop .
The Lake House demands a serious suspension of disbelief , but if you accept it as a romantic bit of nonsense , it has its pleasures .
A compelling idea delicately handled and neatly played , especially by Bullock . It just lacks the emotional directness to turn the good into the great .
Who knows -- perhaps it 's not a glitch in the fourth dimension that Kate and Alex must traverse , but rather just some bad editing .
One of the most nonsensical and unsatisfying films of the year .
... an effective romance ...
A movie that 's trying with all its might to be an earnest , poignant relationship drama , yet it fails at each and every turn thanks to zero chemistry between its leads and the complete absence of a coherent plot .
Bullock 's decision to play Kate as a morose kill-joy is particularly inexplicable . She 's getting letters from some hot architect through a hole in the time-space continuum , and yet her expression remains impassive , her voice flat , her outlook maudlin .
If you 're not sucked in by the romance of the story , there 's a chance you 'll find it laughably awful , thanks to poorly written lines and Keanu 's delivery of the world 's least convincing sneeze .
It 's hard to recall a recent picture in which Bullock has been allowed to draw upon her natural charisma ... After about 20 minutes , you just wish somebody would tickle her .
Dear Keanu and Sandra : Speed is more your speed
Good , but put simply , any romance that does n't make at least one successful major assault on your tear ducts is one handkerchief shy of great romance .
Reunites the stars of Speed for a film that 's beautifully shot but about as unspeedy as humanly possible .
The entire concept sounds like something Tony Leung dreamed up on a bender during 2046 . Sure , it 's complete nonsense ... but what lush , irresistibly entertaining nonsense .
` The Lake House ' is one of those romances that strives for unconventionality at the expense of clear storytelling and good sense .
For all its magical realism and relative beauty and intelligence , ` The Lake House ' is a confusingly downcast chick-flick .
Reeves and Bullock bring the right balance of emotions to their roles . They give The Lake House its humor , its drama , and its undeniable romantic spirit .
I was hot to trot for the exit halfway through , but a dogged sense of duty kept me stuck in an endless present .
Those wishing to suppress real-life traumas may submit to the deliriously stupid romantic time-travel drama The Lake House -- I did and had a jolly time .
The story 's time-travel elements never quite make sense , but subtle performances and directing give this film an unexpected edge .
Let 's get the negative stuff out of the way first . This plot is shot full of holes . Nearly all time-travel movies are shot full of holes , and this one is especially spongy .
This is really a strange premise for a movie . I did n't say bad , I simply meant odd , and at times , confusing .
-- there are all kinds of unexplained phenomena in the world , so who 's to say that there ca n't be some sort of time warp where two people , years apart , can actually communicate with each other ?
as melancholy slow as Brokeback , only minus the hunks , the chemistry and the gayness
Do n't try to think it through too thoroughly . Just go with it . The tenderness of the story just might make it worthwhile .
... a soap bubble of a movie -LSB- that 's -RSB- pretty to look at ... but the slightest breeze or poke will make it go away .
A mature and earnest romantic drama that is far superior to the bubblegum we usually get .
It 's to the film 's great credit that silly elements never get in the way of the film 's grand passion
The story makes no sense logically , but it works romantically .
It could be a good idea , but the fantasy is leaden and refuses to play by the rules it itself set up . So it is not very good as a fantasy and it really does not work as a romance .
Prepare to have your energy drained by this dispiriting production .
Moving along like a turtle crossing the road , ` The Lake House ' gave me a drowsy feeling that lasted all day . It was a real downer for me .
This insultingly dumb film does n't even have the good manners to be fun .
Taps subtle , soft-spoken beats of a passionate and lonely heart that , in time , helps us forget the overall implausibility of the situation .
Oppressive earnestness ... takes its heaviest toll on the leads , robbing Bullock of her spunk and Reeves of his beatific sexiness .
Time warps this time ` round .
I could n't spoil the plot if I wanted to , since I have no idea how it all ties together .
A pretty soap bubble of a movie . It 's lovely to look at and calming to watch , but do n't try to touch it - it just might pop and vanish , right there in your hand .
There 's only one answer to this epistolary screen romance : Return to Sender .
A mess that works on the level of swoony fantasy if you 're willing to accept that it makes absolutely no sense , not even within the context of its supernatural premise .
You 'd think that Reeves ' character would be a little more curious about what his lady friend might have to say about Microsoft 's share price , say , or if there 's going to be a housing bubble .
It 's a delicate , hyper-romantic atmosphere , pensive and steeped in longing , that covers over the story 's inconsistencies -- or at least offers enough distraction to make us not care .
A one hankie weepie for gals who really do n't want to see any superhero action flicks that usually come out this time of year .
This is the first time Reeves and Bullock have been paired since the 1994 hit Speed , where they were stuck on a bus that would blow up if its speed dropped below 50 mph . There 's no danger of that kind of velocity here .
With Reeves and Bullock proving that their chemistry is still combustible , the story scarcely matters .
I do n't know what you do with a script like this , wherein the dynamics that keep the characters apart are as ludicrous as those that bring them together .
It does n't quite work , but it fails with warmth .
The Lake House is a pleasant , engrossing little movie , with some wit and delicacy and a keep-you-on-your-toes narrative .
A bit too moody and metaphysical for its own good .
The sort of dopey movie best appreciated while wearing pajamas .
The time-warp romantic fantasy The Lake House is a puzzle that is maddeningly obtuse , emotionally overstretched and virtually absent a sense of interior logic .
Film is a mass hallucination . When you get lost in it , you do n't see the strands that hold things together ; but when it does n't work , all you see are the seams .
It may have a nice view , but this is one house with a decidedly shoddy foundation .
Why an actress so adept at playing spirited women insists on playing glum , lost souls in movie after movie is beyond understanding .
Neither of the characters have any fun with this wonderful time travel device . It makes them both seem fake , because any normal person would at least say , ` Tell me who to bet on in the Superbowl next year . '
The problem lies with whoever insisted Bullock and Reeves be so dour and melancholy .
The film moves toward a spooky coincidence that canny viewers will predict in the first act . I wish I had n't ; it killed all the film 's suspense and much of its dewy seduction .
We also know the last time Keanu and Sandra shared the screen together . That was yesterday and Speed . This is today and Snail . I 'm not betting on a tomorrow .
The Lake House may float your boat if you 're starved for romance , but really , love deserves better .
The list of inconsistencies is far too long and laborious to recount .
Not to spoil anything , but frankly , the two leads have more chemistry in the scenes where their characters are apart than they do when they 're together .
The Lake House swamps its heart-aimed ambitions with too many head - scratching moments .
The Lake House is the type of movie you hear friends groan about Hollywood not making anymore . It 's an old-fashioned romance that scoffs at today 's frantic pacing , leisurely seducing us with its heartfelt story about the timeless value of love .
Enough of the plot and its paradoxes . What I respond to in the movie is its fundamental romantic impulse . It makes us hope these two people will somehow meet .
Engaging .
I knew The Lake House was a fairy tale , and not one aimed at my half of the gene pool . Nonetheless , I enjoyed this languid romance between Chicagoans separated by two years .
As soon as Kate lets drop that her favorite author is Jane Austen and the Nick Drake songs kick in on the soundtrack , you know this movie wo n't be taking any prisoners . Do n't fight it with logic , because you 'll lose .
If Kate -LRB- Bullock -RRB- , a doctor with easy access to computers , would just take 10 seconds to Google the man she professes to love so much , the movie could be over in five minutes .
Love beats logic any time ... do n't you know that Newton 's 3rd Law of Love Stories is more powerful than Einstein 's Theory of Relativity when it comes to the space-time continuum of romance ?
Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright David Auburn 's script brings a certain amount of emotional resonance to an otherwise silly premise .
For all its impressionistic efforts , The Lake House does n't imagine a time or space beyond romantic conventions . And you 're left waiting .
The Lake House is made of glass , but the view straight through it is rather pleasant all the same .
It 's odd , but now I can say I 've seen a movie which makes the timing of character interaction in the `` Star Wars '' prequels look fantastic .
The resolution , which attempts elegance and grace , is too abrupt and ill-considered to work either logically or emotionally .
evokes some lovely , quiet moments ... -LRB- but -RRB- despite a few effective episodes , ` The Lake House ' gets so caught up in teasing the brain that it forgets to touch the heart .
Those of you who ... wish to view it as a romantic fantasy rather than hard science fiction may respond more positively , though it 's not a sure bet .
Sucks the magic right out as we wonder why the filmmakers and even the characters just are n't having more fun with the possibilities beyond improbably homaging Speed to bridge the two of them .
Lake House is hazy , low-tech romantic filmmaking , and its no shove policy is exactly why it works so well .
Auburn 's script does have some logical problems . In the year 2006 , Kate TOTALLY would google Alex , since he might be full of bull
If I were sending letters back in time to someone advising them on which films to skip , I 'd probably forget to even mention this .
The Lake House is one of the more befuddling movies of recent years . The premise makes no sense , no matter how you turn it around in your head .
The Lake House follows the pattern of a dime-store paperback romance novel .
The joy lies in getting there , with lush visual direction by Alejandro Agresti and appealing performances by Ms. Bullock and her old Speed co-star Keanu Reeves .
Bullock and Reeves have appealing chemistry and some nice tearjerker moments , but audiences should speed by this House on their way elsewhere .
Supposed to be sweeping and romantic , but instead takes on an uncomfortable and creepy undercurrent .
Instead of paying attention to the love story , you 'll be staring at the capacious holes in the plot . While the premise might seem hard to understand , it 's really not . It 's just hard to swallow .
The sheer novelty of it all helps make the film seem a pleasant and refreshing change of pace .
A chronological brain-teaser confounding enough to keep you busy trying to figure out whether those holes are in the story or in your logic .
Costars Reeves and Bullock , back together again for the first time since 1994 's `` Speed , '' have more chemistry than ever , but they 're stuck with a script with such a blatant disregard for time/space logic that the film rankles no matter how serious its char
There is still chemistry between Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves , but a heavy dose of Hollywood metaphysics keeps them apart for most of this wondrously illogical time-travel romance .
The relationship that grows between Bullock and Reeves is beguiling , as are the emotional parallels their characters share .
Genuinely insipid .
There is a germ of a good idea in the notion that an imaginary suitor can be more powerful than a real one . But director Alejandro Agresti is n't the man to pull it off .
Even with a low-wattage pair like Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock , the concept is too touching to deny .
A time-travel love story that salutes the spiritual practice of waiting .
The Lake House has the sensibility of something conceived by Stephen King after an overdose of chocolate-covered cherries and valentine cards .
The sluggish pace weighs down the story and the ending is thought-provoking , but not in a good way .
It 's refreshing to see the much-maligned Reeves show many colors in his acting palette . And the subdued Bullock is an excellent complement , the puzzle piece that squares off his jigsaw personality .
The most expressive performer in the film is the house .
This could all be a miserable mess , but it works , somehow .
These few bits and spurts of stirring cinema are otherwise drowned in a silly muck of cobbled-together quotations from more notable films and books .
Let 's do the Time Warp again .
Somehow , one thinks , your tear ducts will come away from this without incident .
Remember what a fun couple Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves were in Speed ? Well , forget that .
This is a project whose elements , from concept to script to casting , refuse to follow the usual formulas , which is good , yet they never quite cohere .
Even if you are willing to suspend your disbelief , the film still has some problems .
Kleenex wo n't be necessary for watching the wannabe weepy The Lake House , but some sort of pain reliever is essential - because trying to determine whether this time-travel romance functions logically will seriously make your head hurt .
While this tale of magical realism has potential for delightful originality , the love story lacks heat , the science fiction premise spirals into senselessness , and the third-act twist is alarmingly apparent within the first 10 minutes of the movie .
... an adaptation of a South Korean existential romance , and it certainly moves and feels like few love stories from this country . You could call it slow , but a kinder word would be contemplative .
Does so many chronological back flips it eventually forgets which way is up .
... does n't cut the mustard as a time warp movie , which will disappoint the men , although it does get passing grades as a romance , which will please the ladies .
Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock reunite for the first time since 1994 's `` Speed '' in a film that should be named `` Slow . ''
Something 's terribly wrong when the most engaging character in a Sandra Bullock film is a female dog named Jack .
The pieces of the puzzle do n't fit together to form a coherent or satisfying narrative , and all you 're left with is a big , dumb ` Huh ? '
The only real magic in The Lake House is that Kate and Alex have never heard of e-mail .
She 's in the future . He 's in the past . Jack the Dog , straddles both dimensions . What 's next ? A love story framed by the Reimann Hypothesis ?
Even for those who buy into the basic ideas , there are credibility gaps that The Lake House can not surmount . And for those who attempt to apply logic to this movie , everything will come crashing down like a poorly balanced house of cards .
Could n't be more heavy-handed and schmaltzy : the supposed magic dust is poured on with a trowel rather than a teaspoon .
The spectacular ending is completely sublime . This charming film is one worth savoring again and again .
Banal , boring and unsatisfying ... falters because its premise never really works .
Watching it is like being force-fed cotton candy laced with Xanax -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- .
A few anomalies could be forgiven , but such obtuseness in putatively sharp cookies , no way . Particularly when the climax wobbles off into the corner of the time/space continuum known as `` what the heck was that ? '' .
The Lake House 's opening credit sequence , during which calligraphic letters overlap and burst into plumes of smoke , is the first of the film 's many charms .
It 's sweet , and it works .
This is one of my favorite movies so far this year .
-LSB- The Lake House is -RSB- for profundity through multiple story levels that are n't fully realized .
More a valentine to Chicago 's architecture than the aching love story it purports to be , The Lake House is a slow-moving , never-igniting tale of calendar-crossed lovers that grows less convincing as it proceeds .
A supernatural romantic melodrama in the vein of Ghost , though not as trashily enjoyable or charmingly sexy , this enigmatic movie , a remake of a mediocre Korean meller , reteams Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves for the first time since Speed .





@highlight

The plot of The Lake House is a little too convoluted , and the film fails to pull off the sweeping romance it aims for .