The character development is beautiful . Even though we already know Tarzan and Jane , their presence feels so real . The connection between them is so strong , you can sense it even when they 're not even talking to each other .
Adds a nice infusion of originality and energy into an old , familiar story ... .
The Legend of Tarzan adds nothing to the legacy and really has no purpose for existing unless you REALLY want to see Alexander Skarsgård 's shirtless chiseled up body for almost 2 hours
With striking cinematography and fine ensemble acting , The Legend Of Tarzan is seriously good which , given how familiar we are with the basic story , is an impressive achievement .
The movie is so devoted to offering a clever course-correction of the Tarzan myth , while still staying true to that myth , that it overlooks its own impossibility .
The Legend of Tarzan feels like the sequel to a much more interesting film ... I wish Yates would have just focused on the elements of Tarzan 's story that made it so interesting in the first place instead of foolhardily trying to modernize it .
A story with banal characters and wasted performances that falls into terrible paternalism , has a tangled action and it 's poor and repetitive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although uneven at times , The Legend of Tarzan lends an important historical context to the notorious character , which makes it worth a look .
Hardly more than adequate and workmanlike
Overall a perfectly fine family movie that trundles along at an even pace .
All the animals in the new Tarzan film are computer-generated which makes this new would be blockbuster feel not unlike a cartoon .
A diverting-enough romp that suffers from following The Jungle Book and never swings into full-throttle thrills .
Hopefully , enough Marvel kids can be persuaded to check this old-fashioned superhero . Tarzan is swinging again .
Green screen seems to have been used whenever possible , and Tarzan keeps plunging into a verdant half-visible mess that looks like pea soup .
A perfectly worthy , action-packed package ... director David Yates -LRB- he did the final four Harry Potter films -RRB- does a fine job staging the effects-heavy action and gives us a nice , revenge-laced finale involving some suitably over-sized crocodiles .
Maybe it 's churlish to be so harsh about what is , after all , a jungle fantasy . But with such a surfeit CGI , the film is more hollow than heroic .
A solemn slog through scenes of people speaking a great deal to forward not much information , or having indistinguishable fights that have a poor tendency to incorporate slow-motion .
As the film gambols toward its inevitable fiery climax , it gets sloppier and sloppier with its storytelling and political restraint .
With Skarsgård 's hero more dependent on blatant CGI effects than jungle vines for his feats of derring-do , the action is never as engaging as one might have hoped .
Some things should be left in the past and forgotten . Case in point : Tarzan .
The Ape Lord 's laconic to the point of catatonic . The real-life Williams is reduced to a comic-book sidekick . There 's an over-reliance on a blue-grey palette , extreme close-ups , and aerial shots . Africa 's either ravishing wilderness or ravaged wilderness .
The Legend of Tarzan is garbage .
Along with a first-rate cast , this movie has a surprisingly beefy script that hints at a much more high-brow adventure epic .
Far from becoming a film worth remembering because of its tedious plot that only seeks to sell enough tickets so that there is a sequel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An intense , entertaining and visually striking movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Tarzan ' swings , misses .
While technical aspects are strong , especially as they pertain to the motion capture effects utilized to bring the African beasts running through the jungle to life , sadly this is the end of the good news .
-LSB- M -RSB- anage -LSB- s -RSB- to come up with a version of -LSB- Tarzan 's -RSB- story that is even more retrograde than anything -LSB- Burroughs -RSB- invented ... -LSB- Goes -RSB- out of -LSB- its -RSB- way to avoid any pretense of relevance or significance to modern audiences ...
... mostly manipulates the Tarzan mythology - or `` legend , '' if you will - into a summer blockbuster framework , instead of the other way around .
The Legend of Tarzan is indistinguishable from the other mediocre blockbusters released this year .
Unnecessarily complex and generally lacking in excitement .
David Yates and company have made something that is often lovely , eventually thrilling , and even occasionally kind of arousing , and this pulp adventure should be seen in as big a theater as possible to fully enjoy what they 've done .
The only thing that keeps Skarsgård from becoming the best interpreter of the character is the mediocrity of the film around him . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
For its first hour or so , ` The Legend of Tarzan ' works tolerably well as a straightforward action adventure ... As the film goes on , however , the special effects dis-improve , and are positively amateurish during an epically absurd climax .
The Legend of Tarzan is visually darker and grittier than those that have gone before and while there are a few cheesy scenes thrown in the mix , I was entertained throughout .
Unlike most current ` superhero ' sagas , which traffic in moral ambiguity , the movie is staunchly uncynical , with an entirely admirable Tarzan and Jane whose unconditional love for each other spills over to the animal kingdom .
Yet for all its posturing and chest thumping , this 49th film incarnation of the Tarzan character results in a resounding ... meh .
If the story has some flaws , the plot if full of plot holes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Truth and accuracy are not key factors here , neither is intricacy of plot . The film was created to be a simple blockbuster and the story experience lies in the sweeping visuals that look great on the big screen .
The Legend of Tarzan plays it so safe at every turn that it forgets that a daring adventure should be daring .
A film with all the vitality and energy bled out . If only -LSB- Yates -RSB- had kept it swinging .
David Yates overdirects the film to the point that he gives us vertigo long before Tarzan grabs onto a single vine
A superhero movie with a social conscience that continually flits in and out of getting the balance right .
The Legend of Tarzan tries to be all things to all people but fails to do the one thing it really needs to : tell the story of Tarzan .
You can find fault , and easily , with its prose , but when it 's right , it 's right in exactly the right way .
I found the film pleasantly old-fashioned as long as I squinted a bit , blurring the profligate modern special effects and focusing on its retro tone and intent .
This is the 49th Tarzan retelling and while it bears no resemblance to Johnny Weissmuller running in speeded up B&W , it does n't quite get it right either .
Jackson is the film 's greatest asset . He 's also its biggest problem . He 's just too charismatic .
With low expectations , it 's a solid enough adventure with some reasonable action set-pieces . Just do n't expect to be shouting from the treetops .
For all his ape-punching , wildebeest-grappling and months of work in the gym , Skarsgård is too tame to convince as a man whose heart is still in the jungle .
In a season cluttered with big-budget blockbusters , The Legend of Tarzan does n't stand out and is unlikely to leave an impression .
... does n't contribute too much that seems new to the character so much as it points in a new direction ... Skarsgård is a worthy successor to the actors who 've portrayed the Ape Man .
Skarsgard 's abs , a digitally inhabited jungle and the settings are the key elements of this interesting mix of superhero epic , adventure , creature feature , historical drama buoyed by a touch of lusty romance
A film that tried to be different but in the end does n't really add anything new to the character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It might not be the best version of the character , but it has enough action and thrills to make you have a good time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Legend of Tarzan is a Marmite blockbuster that will repel and attract in equal measure .
The Legend of Tarzan is a passable action adventure . I ended up thinking a lot about it afterwards , because I found it so odd . I 'm not sure that 's enough to recommend it .
An adventure that mixes the magical with the real to touch on the ineffable graces of love and liberation .
The Legend of Tarzan needs to be a much better movie , considering there was virtually no one asking to see another film about a character that , popular as he once was , has n't been part of our cultural conversation for decades .
A good deal poorer than Hugh Hudson 's much - maligned 1984 reinvention , Greystoke : The Legend of Tarzan , Lord of the Apes .
Provided you treat this as strictly disposable popcorn entertainment , there 's plenty to enjoy here , particularly some terrific special effects . But a classic to be enjoyed time and again it most certainly is not .
The exemplary cast give it just enough welly for it not to be a waste of time .
Less pompous than Greystoke but more cartoonish than Disney 's 1999 animated version of the material , The Legend of Tarzan is pretty to look at but ultimately hollow and occasionally shoddy .
Not even the great Sam Jackson can single-handedly pump all the water out of this sinking ship .
Even with his superior instincts , the mythical hero ca n't find a way through the confused screenplay .
A film with an antiquated discourse that in 2016 still shows a white man saving the oppressed African tribes and the damsel in distress . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a solid enough adventure yarn even if you wo n't be bellowing its virtues from the tree-tops .
This is a perfectly serviceable stab at updating the Tarzan story .
It looks like a two-hour Neutrogena commercial .
Bearing a slight resemblance to Lambert , Skarsgard makes a dashing , if earnest , Tarzan .
Despite its problems , The Legend of Tarzan is still an enjoyable popcorn movie with enough momentum and energy to keep you riveted the whole time .
There were possibilities in this set-up , but the film takes its tone from the glum Skarsgard , who has the bulky torso but not the spirit .
Him Tarzan . The one without the shirt . Nothing going on above the abs but an absent stare . Looks like he got left behind after the Magic Mike gang wrapped their last tour of the Congo .
... he 's got a body rippling with defined muscle fiber , and director David Yates puts his bare chest front and centre - sans Spandex - in this latest intersection of Hollywood and vine .
A lot of effort and budget has been invested in lifting The Legend of Tarzan beyond its former B-movie status but it does n't quite come together .
The Legend of Tarzan is myth wrestling with history in the mud , and eventually shaking hands for an awkward truce .
There are plenty of odd flourishes that add to the general tone-deaf nature of this occasionally enjoyable but largely messy adventure .
The CGI animals already look dated beside the wonders of the recent Jungle Book movie , and it 's not nearly as much fun as it should have been .
The Legend of Tarzan is unexpectedly entertaining ; but I 'd go back to Africa again in person before revisiting .
You have to laugh a little at its audaciousness , but it 's so completely irony-free that to deride it would only be cheap . Why not just enter its CGI-heavy bubble of wonder ?
Tarzan , Jane and nearly everyone involved here deserved better than this unremarkable adaptation .
The Legend of Tarzan sees Swedish clay-figure Alexander Skarsgård play `` Africa 's favourite son , '' which , in our socially conscious and politically ` woke ' times , is like casting Iggy Azalea as hip-hop 's ` chosen one ' .
... always entertaining and engaging ...
Him Tarzan , me disappointed .
King of the beasts fights slave traders to rescue his kidnapped wife in a lumbering jungle adventure .
The plot of the classic adventure tale has been admirably reconfigured to meet modern sensibilities , but the resulting film is simplistic , condescending , and inert .
Well , it 's not as bad as the 2013 reboot of The Lone Ranger .
Yates takes an overtly complex approach with the mix between present day and flashbacks , with a distinctly convoluted structure that can disorientate the viewer .
Skarsgard does not embarrass himself , which says a lot .
By attempting to appease traditionalists and newcomers in equal measure , The Legend of Tarzan has compromised itself into anonymity .
The most satisfying moments barely involve the humans at all . One particularly arresting sequence pits enraged ungulates against a Belgian settlement , another with hippopotami demonstrating why they are , in fact , the most dangerous animal in the jungle .
The return to the intersection of Hollywood and vine deserved a more memorable retelling .
Skarsgard looks fine on the vine in this reboot helmed by `` Harry Potter '' director David Yates .
Fans of `` The Jungle Book '' should enjoy `` The Legend of Tarzan '' . It has the same type of computer generated animals , a dark , dank jungle locale , and Tarzan could be the jungle boy grown to manhood .
Before embarking on any scrutiny of a film about Tarzan - the Warrior of the Woodlands , the Ayatollah of the Arboreal - one must acknowledge the hilarity of the core premise .
An elegant but incomparably dull action adventure movie that makes Peter Jackson 's lethargic `` King Kong '' remake look like an EDM festival by comparison .
Escapist and highly entertaining , this action-adventure is the best live-action Tarzan in decades ...
This is little more than what would have been a B film in the 1930s-40s , the second feature of a double bill , and it might not have even made that cut .
Ca n't bridge the gap between the classic old - fashioned Tarzan and an imagined modern-day politically sensitive Tarzan .
It is a strange feeling to be watching a movie that seems to be apologizing for itself as it goes along .
When it comes to dialogue , Skarsgård is better suited for unbuttoning his shirt .
-LSB- Jackson -RSB- seems to be in the film mostly to provide some well-needed comic relief .
It might be time to let Tarzan vanish back into the jungle .
Given the challenges , which the filmmakers tiptoe through with surprising agility , the new ` Tarzan ' is quite adequate in delivering old-fashioned adventures .
-LSB- It -RSB- moves from one big action set piece to another , propelled by old-fashioned action-adventure sequences that are the stuff of solid summer popcorn fun ... a rousing good story with thrills & laughs .
The Legend of Tarzan is indicative of a trend that 's been plaguing cinema for a while now . This is a prime example of a Franchise Starter . It is not designed to be one movie , it 's designed to be at least three movies .
Skarsgård looks the part , but the film offers little new to justify the reboot .
The Legend of Tarzan moves briskly and has the overall feel of one of Burroughs ' more entertaining stories come to the screen .
Here 's one for the poster : Legend of Tarzan is n't as misguided as ` The Lone Ranger . ' Not even close !
With everything that 's wrong with The Legend Of Tarzan , the movie on a whole still works because it all looks so polished and slick .
This Tarzan is a corrective , a vengeful Congo Unchained that reteams Jackson and Waltz . Yates mines Zirconium Tarantino , even letting Jackson cackle while blasting a machine gun
As the plot slowly but surely meanders out of control in the service of delivering a big-bang finish , it 's the sequences in the jungle and the incredibly real computer-generated animals that endure over the greedy and confused humans .
It 's mind-blowing how bland , and bad , The Legend of Tarzan is .
Yates fails to give his leading man any depth .
Ca n't resist the word play : nothing to go ape over .
The movie 's impatience is perhaps its defining feature .
Tarzan returns to the jungle in violent action-adventure .
It 's fun entertainment .
The story is labored , but the movie scoots along quickly . Director David Yates , who did some of the Harry Potter films , has a pretty decent sense of when to stop for a pesky dialogue scene and when to mount a jungle chase .
The Legend of Tarzan plays as if a dog ate part of the script .
There 's a great Tarzan adventure somewhere in Legend of Tarzan , but the movie is too overstuffed and rough around the edges to fly high .
`` He 's Tarzan , you are Jane . He will come for you . '' There could n't have been 10 more perfect words to sum this movie up . And Christoph Waltz , bless his one-trick act , delivers them with just the right amount of smug venom .
When Yates cuts to a pointless wrestling match between Skarsgard and a digital gorilla , it 's almost a relief .
Tarzan may do the physically impossible , but it 's his connection to Jane , his animal family , and his friends in the Congo that drives the story .
At worst , it is a respectful attempt to update a golden-oldie character with pop psychology , a moderate , Netflixish level of sex and violence , and current -LRB- if not exceptional -RRB- special effects .
Unfortunately , The Legend of Tarzan is much less skilled at balancing its campiness with the serious nature of the topics it wants to touch .
Old-school adventure meets modern technology to great effect in The Legend of Tarzan , the latest film version of the ape-man story filled with gorgeous cinematography and even prettier stars .
Altogether , The Legend of Tarzan may look great and try to take itself seriously , but it 's really just a popcorn movie at heart . Treated as such , it 's plenty of fun .
It 's a film both classically old and boorishly modern . In the true spirit of the 2016 blockbuster , it struggles to find the right amount of charisma to propel towards something worth talking about .
Me Tarzan . You Jane . Movie dumb .
A romantic , exotic , dramatic , bold and exciting revitalization of the Tarzan story , steeped heavily in the lore created by novelist Edgar Rice Burroughs .
In this 49th official Tarzan feature , Alexander Skarsgård ranks a tad above average ... which is better than the overall film .
It 's ultimately difficult to label The Legend of Tarzan -LRB- R -RRB- as anything more than an ambitious failure ...
Aaaaaaaargh ... Aaaaaaaaarghaaaah ... Aaaaaaaaaaaargh !
There seems little reason to resurrect Tarzan in 2016 ; his character , or at least his creator , the turn-of-the-century American schlockmeister Edgar Rice Burroughs , is racist and sexist by any contemporary standard .
`` The Legend of Tarzan '' is no jungle boogie , but it 's a decent swing .
Tarzan is still a story of a white man who has dominion over not just animals but also Africans , and it feels ... icky . Kudos for trying and all .
While there 's no `` Me Tarzan , you Jane '' bit of dialogue , you might find yourself uttering , `` Me bored , let 's go . '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
There 's no Oscar for Best Abs .
Failing on every account to make its main character seem special , let alone legendary , Tarzan is one of the summer 's weakest would-be blockbusters .
The Legend of Tarzan needed to make us care about this character again , but unfortunately the only thing relatable about him is his desire to stay retired .
Squanders an excellent cast and even manages to make a shirtless Alexander Skarsgard boring .
The Legend of Tarzan integrates state-of-the-art computer-generated animals and foliage into a shamelessly old-fashioned jungle adventure that regularly evokes King Kong and The Jungle Book .
Who knew watching a man punch an ape could be so boring ?
a concept that should have been left to its era
You 'd be better off watching the cartoon .
The Legend of Tarzan is not the king of jungle movies , but it is presented with such royal reverence that some people will go ape over it .
The Legend of Tarzan has a top-shelf cast , stunning visual effects and a sumptuous look - everything , really , except a reason for being .
Tarzan does n't swing into action so much as tip-toe around his imperialist birthright before getting tangled up in a plot about sinister Belgians -LRB- led by Christoph Waltz -RRB- , blood diamonds and slavery in the Congo .
Edgar Rice Burroughs ' hero returns to the screen , played by Alexander Skarsgård ; he 's a handsome fellow but with little screen charisma and less chemistry with co-star Margot Robbie .
All the sped-up and slo-mo footage in the world wo n't disguise the weird attempt to morph the Lord of the Apes into just another comic book superhero franchise .
Reportedly , Skarsgård spent six months working out all day ... What needed work was the script .
For `` The Legend of Tarzan , '' the Lord of the Jungle is played by Alexander Skarsgard , who - to put it kindly - is as bland and wooden as one of the CGI trees set on his soundstage Africa .
An entertaining , romantic and interesting take on one of the most iconic characters of all time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film seems stuck between the pull of tradition and the need to resemble a super-powered comic book character .
Lacking in spectacle overall , light on adventure , and weakly written , it 's hard to see how we 're supposed to consider this legendary viewing .
Strangely naive in the way it rewrites history ... feels both misguided and slapdash , and the good parts are n't enough to muddle through this overly complicated and dull-as-dirt story .
The film seems to want to serve humanity a lot more than it wants to serve the popcorn business at the snack counter .
Director Yates has got a knack for conveying the grandeur of Africa , the fierce power of the animals , the currents of straightforward emotion -LRB- love , rage , hate , grief , etc. -RRB- , and the thrill of nature -LRB- human and otherwise -RRB- unleashed .
The film 's action sequences are a jumble of movement and cuts that have no discernible relation to the actual motion of the characters .
The film , searching for a purpose and some drama , does n't deserve the grandeur Yates gives it .
The best-looking bad superhero movie of the year .
While The Legend of Tarzan is hardly going to become legendary , it is strong entertainment with an interesting socio-political background .
`` The Legend of Tarzan '' wants to be both modern and traditional , hip and classic . It 's a tough balance to strike , and this film ca n't manage it .
There 's simply nothing here worth yelling about .
Are you jarred by the anachronistic acting ? Troubled that the animals are all digital ? Pissed that you 've seen it all before ? At least it 's watchable . And Skarsgard brings his A-game - mind , heart and body beautiful
The Legend of Tarzan -LRB- R -RRB- is as soulless as the registered trademark symbol that appears on the opening title card .
The tale of the man raised by apes has been told ad nauseam , yet David Yates , who directed the last four Harry Potter movies , makes a strong case , visually and thematically , for reinvention .
What makes it more enjoyable than other recycled stories of this type is that the filmmakers have given Tarzan a thoughtful , imperfect makeover .
It 's a summer movie ! Save the serious stuff for September .
Is `` gleeless '' a word ? It 's a good one to describe this film .
The saga does n't tell a coherent story so much as juggle tropes , images and archetypes from earlier , more enjoyable adaptations .
Filmmakers , it 's time to pack up Greystoke Manor . Tarzan is dead .
There are many nits to pick with David Yates 's production ... but there is no denying that it is a rousing adventure and grand romance set within Belgium 's horrific exploitation of the Congo .
Already a heartthrob from `` True Blood , '' Skarsgard does n't shed his shirt right away , but when he finally does , it 's a marvel of human engineering . For the most part the movie looks great too , barring a few moments where the CGI rather literally runs wild .
Well-cast if a tad uninspired . A solid , if unspectacular comeback for the vine-swinging hero .
A plodding , incoherent mess starring Skarsgard and his abs , which look more real than any of his CGI jungle companions .
It 's possible , even likely , that more effort was expended on sculpting Alexander Skarsgard 's abs for The Legend of Tarzan than on providing good reason why the movie was made .
There 's a larger problem in the screenplay , which does n't really know if it wants to study the story of Tarzan or use him as a poseable action figure in a tale that seldom inspires awe or excitement .
David Yates ' breathless , atmospheric The Legend of Tarzan swings into theaters with a sharp , personal take on one of the most enduring characters in books and films .
The Legend of Tarzan is n't half-bad , and the film deftly put most of my fears to rest by creating animals and jungles that serve and enhance the story rather than detracting from it .
`` Unfun '' is n't a real word , but boy , it sure describes `` The Legend of Tarzan . ''
When one thinks of Tarzan , they think of fun , excitement , thrills , and fantastic adventure -LRB- even the cheesy 30s films had all of these -RRB- , not something dull , tedious , and morose like this .
Not simply the best movie of the summer but one of the best films of the year .
While it looks great with its gorgeous computer-generated foliage and realistic animals , the story focuses too much on its stiff hero and a one-note villain rather than the big-picture ideas it raises in passing .
A sumptuous , sprawling epic that blends backstory with a rollicking new tale of adventure , romance and enough eye candy to attract audiences of all sorts .
A muddle in the jungle , `` The Legend Of Tarzan '' transforms Edgar Rice Burroughs ' iconic character into a cinematic superhero -- but certainly not a memorable one .
Mostly , the inherent silliness of the original material reduces `` The Legend of Tarzan '' to mild camp .
It does n't re-invent the vine , but The Legend of Tarzan swings its way into being one of the better on-screen adaptations of the classic character .
While handsome in every respect -LRB- including its leading man -RRB- , utterly fails in its attempt to turn Burroughs ' jungle lord into a modern-day action hero ... a ponderous , self-important bore .
You have to admire the sheer physical scope of this epic , even if there are no animals in it .
`` Legend '' is not a bad picture , as Tarzan movies go .
Dull , with mediocre special effects , forgettable action and a slow-moving plot .
All the CGI grandeur in the world ca n't help this Tarzan outrun its uncomfortable , white-savior overtones .
... The Legend of Tarzan means well but it does n't deliver in terms of scope or storytelling .
A marvelous and exciting action adventure for the entire family .
Skarsgård , with his chiseled features and six-pack abs , will become this generation 's epitome of the storied ape man .
Laden with a significant amount of historical and racial baggage , The Legend of Tarzan proves a dopey adventure film with unremarkable performances and some lousy VFX .
A bizarre buddy-cop blend of King Leopold 's Ghost , Quigley Down Under , and Dr. Doolittle . Worth it to watch Hollywood try to turn a eugenics poster boy into an anti-colonial superhero .
In the end , what we have here is a Tarzan movie made by people who do n't understand the appeal of Tarzan .
Next to such a ridiculous and over-the-top portrayal of Tarzan , Robbie 's much more earnest performance as the feisty Jane makes it feel like she is in a different film .
While the talented cast and a solid director make for a serviceable and intermittently entertaining adventure , there 's very little about this film that screams , YOU GOT TA SEE THIS .
The Legend of Tarzan is the 857th movie incarnation of Edgar Rice Burroughs ' hero , but it 's the first one in which the production notes state `` no real animals were used in the making of the film , '' as if that were something to brag about .
The whole thing feels almost endearingly old-fashioned in plot and execution , despite a few winky nods to more modern ideas .
Tarzan is too dull to offer consistent pulp excitement , too self-serious to let itself have fun , and too reliant on same-y CG spectacle to truly thrill .
Well , at least it 's not another origin story .
Who knew that Tarzan and Jane once again could become the screen duo of the year ?
The drama is so dreadful that you will root for the apes to eat the evil humans just so it will end faster .
Not so much a ripping yarn , more of a dripping yarn , Yates ' reinterpretation of the Lord Of The Jungle is a big disappointment .
The movie tees up an exciting , likable yarn but never really takes off .
Like John Carter and The Lone Ranger before it , this movie packs in so much generic derring-do that there 's little time to focus on what made the character so memorable in the first place .
This is certainly the best live-action Tarzan film in many a decade -LRB- which , admittedly , is n't saying much -RRB- and offers a well-judged balance of vigorous action and engaging-enough drama .
At last , a Hollywood reimagining with a point .
`` The Legend of Tarzan '' is sequel , origin story and racially sensitive revisionist history lesson all in one . What it is n't is much fun for anyone who 's seen Edgar Rice Burroughs ' `` ape man '' in any of his previous incarnations .
For what it 's worth , `` The Legend of Tarzan '' is several unpretentious cuts above the pompous , leaden `` Greystoke '' of over thirty years ago .
The best way to do a Tarzan film in 2016 ? Find a new story to tell instead .
As Tarzan , Alexander Skarsgard has a torso that looks like it was sculpted out of marble ; too bad his performance is just as stony , even when embracing Margot Robbie 's Jane .
You 've been laughing at this movie for months , and the final product earns all of your worst preconceptions .
Even the ` original ' movies this summer feel like sequels .
The film minimizes its own best ideas in a way that undermines its attempt to decontextualize the character .
A disagreeable effort , made more so by turning Margot Robbie into a full-time hostage .
The most intriguing part of this legend is wondering just who the heck this movie is supposed to appeal to .
This is n't quite the jungle VIP - but it 's got a little swing .
A dreamy looking film filled with fear -- of offending someone , of disappointing audience expectations , of failure .

@highlight

The Legend of Tarzan has more on its mind than many movies starring the classic character , but that is n't enough to make up for its generic plot or sluggish pace .