Get On Up struggles , at times , to surprise us .
-LSB- Chadwick -RSB- Boseman captures the volatility , on and offstage , of the entity we recognize as James Brown , the flamboyance , the fierce ambition , and the uncompromising determination to be treated with respect .
Get On Up is enjoyable ... it 's about funk and a funk legend after all .
-LSB- Chadwick -RSB- Boseman is a delight .
Warts and all , in fits and starts , finally the Hardest Working Man in Show Business gets his story told .
The narrative is unsatisfying as it leaves lots of unanswered questions .
As prodigious a talent as Prince was , he only altered the funk . The megalithic , trail-blazing talent of James Brown birthed it . And Chadwick Boseman nails the telling of it .
Musically explosive , emotionally powerful and flat-out funky , Get on Up tells the outrageous life story of James Brown with a quirky brilliance worthy of the man at its center .
Worthy of its subject and the dollars of music and film fans alike . As roundly entertaining as any biopic in recent memory .
Boseman is the highlight , of course , and Taylor is smart to keep his leading man front-and-center in every , single scene .
The screenplay from Jez and John-Henry Butterworth inserts some actual discussion of his songwriting and groove technique , giving the man credit for virtually inventing the funk .
The film 's relative lack of any actual drama in the narrative is ultimately the result of a biographical approach too dedicated to flattery .
Chadwick Boseman is electrifying as Godfather of Soul James Brown in this daringly offbeat biopic , which matches its subject 's brass-necked , go-for-broke audacity with its own bold cinematic risk-taking .
Hard to imagine anyone else in the role of singer James Brown than actor Chadwick Boseman . He nails it .
The production numbers steal the show .
So convincing is Chadwick Boseman 's performance that one would think the spirit of James Brown itself jumped into Boseman 's skin , such are the supernatural heights he achieves .
An utter failure to understand Brown 's legacy as well as a misbegotten use of flashbacks like a time-machine gone haywire .
A high energy and entertaining film , one that avoids standard biopic clichés .
Chadwick Boseman is charismatic as Brown - a violent , manipulative perfectionist who is emotionally disconnected from those around him .
Magically , unexpectedly , most funkily , Get on Up feels fresh and crisp as the Godfather of Soul 's keenest moves .
It 's stirring scattershot stuff , made with a fine eye for period detail and an evident passion for the music , which remains the driving force throughout .
The film tapers off in its final reel , ending on a conventional note -- but not before it has done its best to capture its subject in all his manic and absurd glory .
Director Tate Taylor 's electrifying , energised portrait of James Brown rapidly takes a left turn away from formula via the musician 's colourful brush with rock bottom .
With an appropriately jarring sense of energy , this James Brown biopic acutely captures the Godfather of Soul 's iconic musical talents , although the fragmented script undermines any emotional kick in his story .
Solid biopic of the godfather of funk and soul , but there 's not much genuinely memorable about it beyond Chadwick Boseman 's stunning breakout performance .
A sanitised version of events that focuses on fame rather than notoriety .
There 's more drama in one track from Live at the Apollo than 139 long minutes of this .
There are rich sequences here tackling both Brown 's phenomenal musicianship and importance to the black consciousness of '60s America .
Exhaustive biography this is not . But in focusing on Brown 's rise and heyday and with Boseman faultlessly capturing his groove , you ca n't fail to have yourself a funky time .
The music gives you some big , sugar-rush moments , but it 's a disappointing response to one of pop culture 's most brilliant and complicated figures .
Energising , stylish and engrossing , although its scattershot chronology and egocentric approach might not be to everyone ; s taste .
Boseman 's performance comes bounding in with such wicked attitude , and such a showman 's determination to give us a good time , it 's hard to harbour regrets for long .
This film is eccentric , extravagant , and electrifying .
Boseman - who played baseball legend Jackie Robinson in '42 - does everything right .
Chadwick Boseman is absolutely electric as the centrepiece of Tate Taylor 's James Brown biopic .
Chadwick Boseman gives one of the year 's most compelling performances
Boseman captures his subject 's voice and mannerisms , but perhaps most appropriately , he finds his soul .
Punctuated with musical set pieces that are among the best ever created for the screen .
This is not an impression . This IS James Brown .
Chadwick Boseman gives a startling and galvanic performance .
A largely successful attempt to present the life story of the impenetrable and eccentric genius of funk in a way that respects Brown 's memory and experiments with the biopic formula while also entertaining a mainstream audience .
Boseman gives a performance both subtle and powerful , featuring a bewildering combination of supreme self-confidence , volcanic anger and emotional vulnerability . The supporting cast is also excellent .
Despite problems , `` Get on Up '' is a crowd pleaser of a film , whose powerful musical moments can overshadow any smaller issues within the film .
All the things that make us simultaneously dejected and exhilarated about life in America .
`` Get On Up '' is a revelation -- and a breathtaking step back into the world of James Brown 's soul .
no ordinary bio-pic . It is as kinetic and as kaleidoscopic as the radical new approach to music Brown introduced .
Get On Up comes off like a checklist guide of how not to make a quality biopic .
Swingin ' but scrambled biopic that never quite finds its rhythm .
In Boseman 's hands - and his feet , and his entire body , for that matter - he demands and earns our attention .
This is the way that a biopic of a music legend should be brought to screen ... full of music with Chadwick Boseman giving an award-quality performance lip-syncing to the iconic voice of James Brown .
A nostalgic indulgence which , like the cinematic equivalent of a fluffy fanzine , eschews serious criticism of a revered icon in favor of a pleasant parade of his most memorable classics .
Papa 's got a secondhand bag ? ... As self-consciously arty and formulaic as it sometimes is , the film stays with you thanks to Chadwick Boseman 's shrewd , powerhouse performance ...
If Jamie Foxx can win the Best Actor Award for the musical biopic `` Ray '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , I see no reason why Boseman ca n't duplicate that honor for this film .
Chadwick Boseman delivers a precise impersonation of Brown 's gravelly voice and eccentric moves , and even lends emotional weight to the few scenes that deserve it . However , his role feels more like a series of bullet points than an organic character .
Sometimes the star outshines the screenplay .
Chadwick Boseman is so formidable that , were the film itself just a bit better , he would eventually be basking in the same sort of year-end accolades that greeted Jamie Foxx as Ray Charles and Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny Cash . Who knows , he may yet .
The thrill of discovering Soul Brother Number One for the first time .
Chadwick Boseman steals the show in this electric look at the unforgettable life of James Brown .
Get on Up has elements of greatness but ends up being just one step above a standard musician biopic - as result of its fairly derivative narrative
Somewhat sanitized and over-directed biopic saved by Boseman 's electric performance .
It 's difficult to dislike a film that begins with late-model , track-suited James Brown ... delivering a monologue on matters of self-determination and the pleasure of bowel movements in the privacy of one 's own toilet .
Reflective of James Brown 's invigorating , transcendent music , Tate Taylor 's Get on Up blares and bangs its way through the iconic soul singer 's life , kept on beat by star Chadwick Boseman 's explosive energy .
Though `` Get On Up '' never congeals into a satisfactory whole , its fragmentary portrait of the singer at the height of his fame - intercut with his troubled single-parent childhood - effectively shows his invasive power in popular culture .
Boseman is absolutely electric as James Brown .
The twins playing the pre-teen Brown -LRB- Jamarion and Jordan Scott -RRB- do a sweet job of understating the pain in the childhood of the superstar-to-be , and Boseman carries the rest with a mix of pure talent , confidence , magnetism and rage .
We get a lot of what happened to James Brown without a lot of who he was , or even really why he mattered .
Alas , the film gets as much wrong as it gets right .
Entertaining , somewhat overlong biopic has edgy material .
-LSB- Boseman -RSB- shows the wounded interior beneath the cocky exterior . His JB can be grateful for friendship while exploiting it , or recognize that criticism may be just while refusing to hear it . -LRB- And firing people who give it . -RRB-
More often , the film skates along the surface of Brown 's contradictory character . Now if it skated like Brown 's dance moves glided onstage , that really would have been something .
The storytelling is mostly linear , with some confusing back-and-forth in the chronology , and it 's a long slog . The Brown who emerges from this film has a monstrous ego to go with his monster talent .
The jumbled `` Get On Up '' ca n't touch the star it purports to represent .
Excruciating to see such bizarre personality dumped inside the homogenized Hollywood piping bag of pedestrian biopics , but sitting through two hours of a movie that never goes more than 10 minutes without a James Brown song is never going to be that bad .
The movie does a good job convincing us of Brown 's genius , but it does little to put anything at stake .
Entertaining but Brown 's life is glossed over to the point that he 's barely more three dimensional than he was in the old Eddie Murphy SNL sketches .
` Get On Up ' makes you feel , rather than tells you about , the groove that ran through the life of James Brown . This is not a movie about The Black Man , it is a movie about a black man .
It just wants to play some of the big hits you love while ticking off a checklist of standard biopic milestones .
It 's as if Brown 's life was one long groove , and he always stayed deep in the pocket no matter where he was .
Tate Taylor 's film cares less about narrative clarity and more about portraying a life lived between the extremes of sin and grace , between the abject and the sublime . It 's lively , stylized , and genuinely surprising .
... Get On Up is raucous and messy , but it 's at least compellingly messy .
Disjointed to the point of irritation . But Boseman is -- no other word -- amazing . It 's a dazzling feat of pure incarnation .
Thrives on a thrilling soundtrack , a doozy of a yarn and Chadwick Boseman 's dynamite-powered portrayal of Brown .
Unfolding with a hyperactive but magnetic sense of momentum , Get on Up does , indeed , get on up , scene after scene .
Boseman is at times mesmerizing , living up to the gargantuan task of playing the American soul legend . If only the movie were as good as he is .
A well-acted entertainment that 's highly respectful of the story it has to tell . It 's disjointed but fun to watch .
It 's one of the year 's truly outstanding performances , even if the movie never quite penetrates Brown 's rhino-rough hide .
The film is undeniably entertaining from a music perspective . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
With a shaky , distracting narrative , the film has a number of flaws , but Boseman 's ferocious , fearless take on one of the most influential musicians of all time is the best cinematic equivalent to a one-man show you 'll see all year .
What the film seems to be running away from is the fact that for all his genius , James Brown was not a man you would want to spend much time around .
... it ca n't distract us from how familiar the story feels , even if you know nothing at all about Brown . What makes the film worth seeing are the two lead performances .
Boseman is an actor of exceptional ability and magnetism , and he works as hard as the man he is playing to convey the power of Brown 's stage presence .
` Get On Up ' has Chadwick Boseman going for it , who is thoroughly convincing as the Godfather of Soul
Whatever failings the film may have , none can be laid at the feet of lead actor Chadwick Boseman , whose performance is phenomenal .
`` Get on Up '' turns Brown 's life into an even bigger mess .
`` Get on Up '' is more frustrating than fulfilling , a disjointed film that suffers from having a more ambitious plan than it 's got the ability to execute .
It avoids the predictable narrative arc - hardscrabble youth , rise to fame , descent into drugs , etc. - by scrambling the Brown chronology and shooting for a more thematic organizing structure marked by smart transitions .
Chadwick Boseman has done right by James Brown in Get On Up ; it 's a shame the movie is n't worthy of either of them .
Unexpectedly buoyant ; it skims over a life as if tunefully improvising , touching just the right note here and there .
A movie that conducts the crackling electricity of Brown 's music with a heat and swagger and verve that rivals the achievement of what Taylor Hackford 's Ray brought off 10 years ago .
It will please no one , but at least it tried not to be dull .
Sharp storytelling and direction take us inside , outside and all around Brown , across a span of nearly six decades -- and through it all , we see , hear and feel the rhythm , music and grooves and drove him forward .
a danceable delight
Chadwick Boseman 's performance makes you forgive the obvious hiccups .
certainly gives Brown his due , but the filmmakers ' approach leaves nagging questions while starting to wear out its welcome at 138 minutes . Still , the film has enough funkitude to work more often than not .
A messy , qualified triumph that even at 138 minutes makes an incomplete case for Brown 's meaning to American life and culture , but a triumph nevertheless .
Get On Up revels in the energy of James Brown , as played with intense concentration and excitement by Chadwick Boseman .
Even as a musical celebration , the movie is a misfire . Instead of re-creating the ecstatic , improvisatory flow of Brown 's stage act , the film cuts almost everything into glittering bits and pieces .
Before and after everything else , `` Get On Up '' is about the transformative power of performance .
Straightforward but highly entertaining .
The movie is strongest when focusing on the co-dependent-before-that-was-a-term relationship between Byrd and Brown . Byrd worships Brown , but even he has his limits ; Brown needs to be worshipped but believes in little but himself .
`` Get on Up '' is loud , proud , funky , soulful , sweaty , emphatic and sometimes a little hard to understand , just like its subject , James Brown .
If Chadwick Boseman 's turn as Jackie Robinson last year in `` 42 '' made him a star , his flashy performance in James Brown biopic `` Get On Up '' adds another layer of shine .
No other performance this year slapped a smile on my face so quickly . If only director Taylor had n't constructed a movie as mercurial as its subject . For all the talk here about grooves , the movie has a tough time finding one .
To play James Brown , the Godfather of Soul , in Get On Up , cautious just wo n't cut it . No worries . Boseman tears into the role like a man possessed . You ca n't take your eyes off him .
Like most biopics , `` Get On Up '' is flawed , but once Boseman takes the stage , his re-creation ... makes you forget the little that is wrong with the film and just concentrate on enjoying the spectacle .
There 's an emotional logic to this structure , though , which envisions the late Brown 's life as a series of moments of unmitigated ego and irresolvable pain .
The hardest-working musical biopic in show business .
This `` brand new bag '' of a biopic is coursing with energy thanks to an electric , rousing performance by Boseman that simply must be seen .
There 's more than enough here to recommend it , especially when you factor in Boseman 's skillful portrayal and a phenomenal soundtrack that reminds you just how much of a musical genius Brown truly was .
The story line is too slight ... but thanks to a showstopping performance by Chadwick Boseman , Get on Up is quite entertaining .
These kinds of Hollywood pop stardom portraits usually flop or fly based on their casts and the ebullience of their musical scenes . `` Get on Up '' wins on both fronts .
Everything about `` Get on Up , '' a provocatively structured and unusually rich musical biopic , is a little better , a little less formula-bound , a little sharper than the average specimen in this genre .
It 's hard not to feel good while watching Chadwick Boseman exuberantly disappear into the role of the Godfather of Soul .
Thrillingly captures the frenzy of Brown 's music , and the forces driving that frenzy , both musical and personal .
The movie we imagine it should be , crackling across the screen with a beat you can damn near dance to .
A profoundly flawed feature , but it retains an irresistible subject , with Brown 's insanity and adversity making an energetic leap to the big screen .
Yet the energy never flags , the film conveys a deep love of Brown 's music -LRB- which fills almost every scene -RRB- , and Boseman remains magnetic whether onstage or in quiet moments ...
Though it spotlights a great performance , this is n't a great musical biography , largely due to the splintered nature of the storytelling .
One funk-tastic musical biopic .
Boseman nails Brown 's idiosyncratic style of speaking , and , although no one is Brown , he has some pretty swell dance moves .
Get On Up is the Hollywood biopic at its near-worst -- a formless , extravagant assortment of historical incidents and lip-synched musical numbers ...
Boseman 's performance nearly makes up for the movie .
The best thing the movie has going for it is Chadwick Boseman 's live-wire channeling of Brown .
Get On Up delivers the funk , which Brown himself would tell you never dies .
Get on Up is full of standard-issue biopic moments , but they 're played slightly out of order , with a fractured chronology that 's more confusing than illuminating .
Get on out to ` Get on Up ' , a superb and edgy biopic of the Godfather Of Soul , James Brown . Chadwick Boseman is possessed by the spirit and demons of the man and may be Oscar bound .
`` You look backward , you 're dead , '' Brown warns his audience early on , and sure enough , whenever the narrative does just that , it threatens to lose its flicker of life .
Taylor deserves much of the credit for capturing the magic of Brown as entertainer , but just as much credit must go to Boseman , who not only re-creates Brown 's explosive stage moves , but dominates every other scene he 's in .
A thoroughly entertaining film .
Just as Brown , in life , upstaged pretty much everyone - including his bandmates , the Famous Flames - Boseman does that here .
Incarnating James Brown in all his ornery uniqueness , -LSB- Boseman -RSB- deserves a Pulitzer , a Nobel and instant election to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
You have to see this thing .
Chadwick Boseman 's performance as the brilliant , arrogant and magnetic Godfather of Soul may cause theater screens coast to coast to spontaneously catch fire , split their pants at the seams and give up the funk .
Chadwick Boseman throws everything he has into his performance as the man who threw everything he had into his performance
Like Brown , the movie is dynamic and entertaining as hell .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Awesome ! Between Chadwick Boseman 's riveting portrayal of James Brown and this film 's pitch-perfect kaleidoscopic narrative form , `` Get On Up '' is the kind of musical biopic that audiences await with bated breath .
Writers Jez and John-Henry Butterworth and director Tate Taylor , whose last film was the considerably milder The Help , skip through the life of the Godfather of Soul with verve and shockingly little sentimentality .
Chadwick Boseman is sensational in this multi-faceted portrait of troubled , pioneering soul-music giant James Brown .
To put music and race aside , and then try to tell the story of James Brown , is to climb into the ring with both hands tied behind your back .
Chadwick Boseman disappears into his character in a great performance but the film is ill-served by a confusing non-linear design .
A movie of uncompromising soul , unadulterated funk and unalloyed joy
As if taking a cue from its own title , the movie emphatically sets its sights on the upward trajectory of Brown 's career .
It 's one of those experiments that 's both flawed and amazing , a mainstream movie that fulfills old-fashioned , entertainment-value requirements , even as it throws off flashes of insight .
A sensational , swaggering performance by Chadwick Boseman keeps the funk alive and lifts Get On Up from the tired biopic formula .
It 's that rare musician 's biography with a deep feel for the music . And in Chadwick Boseman , it has a galvanic core , a performance that transcends impersonation and reverberates long after the screen goes dark .
Whatever else one may fault about `` Get On Up , '' one thing that 's faultless is its star , Chadwick Boseman , who plays Brown from age 16 to 60 with a dexterity and invention worthy of his subject .
Shows a level of inquisitiveness and intuition that keeps the story engaging and unpredictable , even for those familiar with Brown 's legacy .
James Brown made his mark defying notions about beat and rhythm , and `` Get on Up '' embraces that idea in its storytelling and editing -LRB- by Michael McCusker -RRB- . In the stodgy world of biopics , it 's a sex machine .

@highlight

With an unforgettable Chadwick Boseman in the starring role , Get On Up offers the Godfather of Soul a fittingly dynamic homage .