The acting , with the exception of Bojana Novakovic , adds nothing to the trite plot .
In a film of unimpressionable characters , and vacant plots , Edge of Darkness is forgettable , dry and at times boring .
Gibson has always given good cop , and in Edge of Darkness he does not disappoint as decent , career-minded homicide detective Thomas Craven .
A thoughtful and harrowing drama about the lengths people will go to survive - and the changes of heart that one person undergoes to help them .
Films like this are musicals for people who enjoy gunfire and Mel Gibson being shouty . They 're that satisfyingly heightened version of reality no one actually gets to experience .
Adapted from the landmark BBC mini-series by original director Martin Campbell , Edge of Darkness is a polished piece of political suspense masquerading as a crime drama and pulling off both rather successfully .
The attempt at grittiness comes off soft .
Monahan mistakes rambling exposition for captivating back-and-forth and Campbell does n't help any by making the film as drab and turgidly paced as possible .
Martin Campbell returns to the once edgy and jagged ground of his excellent BBC miniseries Edge of Darkness with a much slicker spin that sheds much of what made the first go around so good .
Sadly the movie is a ponderous , unnuanced , run-of-the-cyclotron thriller .
Gibson , of course , snaps and snarls and blows out some brains with a joylessness that is thoroughly enjoyable . It 's like he never left .
Mel Gibson returns with one of his finest performances in the gripping yet patchy thriller , Edge of Darkness .
Gibson brings his full tormented game : whatever 's wrong with the movie , it is n't him .
An otherwise entertaining revenge thriller with Mel Gibson and Ray Winstone shining above material that transforms throughout the course of its plot ...
Glossy exploitation cinema without guts .
The whole fails to really satisfy as either an action or mystery thriller .
As expertly headlined by Mel Gibson ... Edge of Darkness makes a virtue of its fatalism , while ace mainstream director Martin Campbell compensates well for the script 's shortcomings in the credibility department . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Standard rogue copseeks-revenge story is more entertaining than most thanks to Mel Gibson 's seething -LRB- and likely self-referential -RRB- turn as police detective Thomas Craven , who 'll stop at nothing to bring down the corporate meanies who did in his daughter .
... recalls contemporary American crime fiction as much as British conspiracy thriller , and at its best it 's a piece of blunt force drama ...
For all his silly charm , undiminished by his off-screen controversies , Gibson is most fascinating when wrestling with his demons .
While it offers nothing particularly new or original , it does maintain one 's interest and provides a welcome return to the screen of a fine actor .
Boasting a nuclear facility roach motel where you ca n't check out , a villain politician who just happens to be a Democrat , and a kindly hitman played by Ray Winstone , but who was originally Robert De Niro until he backed out over creative differences .
With the lack of energy infused in the film , it 's hard to get truly embroiled in the conspiracy but that does n't mean Edge Of Darkness is a complete failure .
It 's certainly a worthy attempt at resurrecting the genre , but with guys like Martin Campbell and William Monahan pulling the strings , Edge of Darkness should have been a whole lot better .
Edge of Darkness is at its core a story about a man grieving from an inconsolable loss . This does n't ground just the film , it grounds Gibson 's performance , which is among the best in his career . Possibly the best .
Even with its flaws , it 's a top-notch nail biter that tries to be less about the kills and more about the thrills .
All attempts at profundity are silenced by the deafening anger at the movie 's core . And the deeper the film delves into its layered plot , the more ludicrous it becomes .
Martin Campbell 's direction keeps the uneasy mix of Death Wish 2 and Michael Clayton taut for a good deal of the running time
Relativno pristojan akcijski triler koji ipak daje dobre razloge Hollywoodu da vi % u0161e ne skrnavi filmske i televizijske klasike
Convoluted action thriller .
Though Ray Winstone does his best to elevate this story , in the end Edge of Darkness is a fairly basic Mel beats up the bad guys flick
It worked for Denzel and Liam . Why not Mel ? Losing a child gets an audience on the side of the hero faster than anything . Mel is in fine form . Stick to acting , buddy . Paul Chambers , CNN .
The movie , directed by Martin Campbell , is solid entertainment , with a decent script and some choice dialogue .
Give this one a pass and see Winstone in 44 Inch Chest instead .
An entertaining enough thriller , even filled with enough dumb dumb plot holes , to if not welcome the butt kicking , heart of gold Mel Gibson back into good graces , at least give him a temporary access pass .
While the film is generally boring and by-the-numbers for the majority of its running time , it adds enough surprising twists to make itself worthwhile .
It does n't exactly herald the return of Mel Gibson , movie star , but Mel Gibson , working actor % u2014 that title fits .
... a passable yet wholly underwhelming piece of work ...
It 's a Mel Gibson film . You take him as he comes , which is usually at full pelt .
Edge of Darkness is a surprisingly well-done thriller . Unfortunately , after an hour and a half of substantial filmmaking , it collapses into a Lethal Weapon # 6 climax . But the bulk of the film is worthy .
Even though Gibson gives a fine performance , this film succeeds because of Director Martin Campbell , who keeps the pace up and the tension rising .
A Death Wish movie that 's bamboozled itself into thinking it 's somehow important .
Gibson does righteous anger better than just about any living actor , and Edge of Darkness thrives best when he 's pushed to the limit
A new genre is emerging in which aging A-list actors play fathers off on a rampage to rescue their daughters or avenge their deaths .
What 's really disturbing is the manner in which the violence is presented . It 's not campy fun and it 's not realistic for a reason ... It wants you to cheer along : Enjoy the bloodlust !
I hope the miniseries lives up to its reputation , because the film version is a dud , devoid of any tension , suspense or good storytelling .
For the third act it loses all credibility and suspense by derailing into a messy and pulpy mash-up of Dr. No and Death Wish .
Solid , hard-hitting and tense , `` Edge of Darkness '' is a drama for grownups who enjoy thrillers .
This movie marks the return of `` Mad Mel '' and he is in rare form . He dominates the film by being believably bereaved and vengeful
An uneven , somewhat meandering thriller is given emotional pull by Mel Gibson 's excellent comeback performance . The lethal weapon has n't lost it .
Scriptwriters William Monahan and Andrew Bovell have sadly sacrificed some of the original 's cultural specificity and its slow-burn quality .
Passable action thriller crafted solidly but unimaginatively , with a penchant for ridiculous tough-boy banter .
This paranoid corporate political thriller is almost certain to disappoint anyone hoping for a repeat of the brooding suspense of the original .
The film takes the revelations and twists at a hectic gallop , though it omits the spiritual , Gaia-is-angry mysticism of the original . It 's not too bad , though it lacks the style of the recent film version of State of Play .
This tumble towards knee-jerk revenge makes a brutish mess of a once-intelligent piece of storytelling , as if Charles Bronson had bagged the Ralph Fiennes role in The Constant Gardener .
Here the genre seems painfully clichéd and heavy handed , implausible in one scene , gratuitous in another , then in turn sentimental and trite .
It 's a bold comeback by Hollywood 's prodigal son , but he does n't beg for sympathy either . If only such guts could be found in the script - instead of splattered all over the floor at the last minute - this might have been a classic .
For anyone prepared to make the necessary allowances - and there are a lot of them - it 's an exhilarating ride . And at the very least , you get to see Gibson back on vengeful form . He 's not too old for this s ** t yet .
Gibson proves he 's still not to be messed with in a film that reasserts him as a sturdy , if rather grizzled leading man . A pity , though , this required Campbell to cookie-cut his masterly '80s TV series into a formulaic actioner .
Gibson is on good form and Campbell , as you would expect from the director of Casino Royale and GoldenEye , stages some effective set pieces .
Mad Mel can do vicious vengefulness like few others , but not even he can overcome a script that makes him do many things that are palpably stupid .
Although entertaining , if workmanlike , for the first hour or so , it gets too carried away with its conspiracies - plus Gibson 's faux Boston accent is just terrible .
Remember the Simpsons episode where Mel Gibson lets Homer re-cut his movie and the results are ridiculous ? This is like that movie . It aims for serious but comes off hilarious .
As if to divert the viewer from the mounting feelings of frustration and bafflement , Gibson crashes a car or cracks a skull every couple of scenes .
By the final reel the script has lost all interest in the plot 's complexities and drops the pretence of `` darkness '' in favour of a frenzied shoot - 'em - up .
Perforated with plot holes , and disastrously unsure of its tone , it starts steadily and sombrely , before switching to a hysterical parody of a conspiracy thriller : a parade of irrelevant car chases and ridiculously public assassination attempts .
Mel Gibson 's grief-ravaged , vengeance-seeking Boston cop is the best thing about this decent , unnecessary revamp of the 1985 BBC drama .
A silly remake of the 1985 BBC TV series , this features the sort of tough-guy dialogue not growled since Arnie bowed out of cinema , eg : ` The suspect 's armed and dangerous . '
The film , while it does n't lack tension , never catches fire . Compared with the mini-series , it seems flattened out and improbable . It 's as if the change in setting has changed the mood too . And not for the better .
This dramatic thriller tries to pack so much into two hours that it ends up feeling thin and repetitive . But it 's great to have Gibson back on screen .
What 's left still holds up nicely , thanks to firm plotting , Campbell 's neat direction and a brace of decent performances .
Despite the sometime derivative trappings of the modern thriller , he delivers an intense slice of solid entertainment - although he never quite captures the trust-nobody paranoia of the original series .
It 's no candidate for greatness , but it does a good job of condensing a six-hour story into a lean thriller without feeling as if too much has been sacrificed .
A bleak but engrossing and gripping thriller .
The film version condenses six episodes of edge-of-seat suspense into an engrossing two hours .
Everything about Edge of Darkness feels second-hand , though . The plotting is stodgy , the dialogue clichéd , and even the action sequences never get out of second gear .
There are plenty of tense , even powerful moments , but they 're surrounded by so much talky bullshit , illogical plotting and mumbly dialogue that they quickly lose all meaning .
Among the guns , fisticuffs and kicks , Gibson plays Craven as both vulnerable and lethal . Mel Gibson plus lethal . That is an original concept .
Gibson remains as rough and tough as ever , yet his older figure and stern demeanour provide a personable core to what could have spiralled out into a violence frenzy or incomprehensible whodunit .
Perhaps the intrigue could have been boosted a little , but the formidable performances , biting script and Campbell 's flair for visual storytelling make this a riveting , smart and unexpectedly moving thriller .
I liked the pace and the pulse of the film , but it launches no genuine surprise and , despite being irradiated with scenes of sickness and morbid one-liners , has little afterglow .
Edge of Darkness is a meathead revenge picture , but it 's very satisfying .
It 's a deeper and more thought-provoking film than I could have expected or imagined .
Ray Winstone 's shady character represents both the screenwriter 's desperate attempt at coherence and the audience 's confusion ; especially as he keeps delivering the line , `` it 's my job to keep it convoluted . ''
The weightiness and the catastrophic implications of the conspiracy do n't sit well with what is essentially a Death Wish-inspired revenge fantasy .
The headline hoohah of the last couple of years made most of us forget that Gibson is an exceptional actor .
The mix and match of genres can certainly work in the right hands , but Campbell , an excellent journeyman director , never quite nails it down here .
A flawed , middle-of-the-road , mildly enjoyable thriller .
... a thriller that will keep you guessing right up to its poetic but fitting ending .
A cross of The Lovely Bones and No Way Out , only in Bostonese !
Crazy Mel returns From the Edge of Darkness . I 'm not sure what I expected from this movie but it is a good solid return to form for Mel . Just stay off the coo-coo pills .
After a solid , sensitive first-half , it disintegrates into standard-order , often senseless and inconsistent action , centering on maniacal Mad Mel .
In a time when the films grossing the most are 3D , CGI monsters , it was a relief to see what is , essentially , a good old , well acted story . Other filmmakers would do well to remember that , as pretty as the icing is on a wedding cake , no one wants to eat i
On the surface , Edge of Darkness might seem like your typical violent revenge thriller , but it actually has some intriguing layers and surprising twists that get your full attention .
Mesmo não sendo um grande filme , ao menos prova que Gibson ainda pode carregar um projeto com facilidade .
Gibson delivers some great lines in the movie . His successful return to the screen mirrors Clint Eastwood 's performance in `` Gran Torino '' .
Edge of Darkness is more detective story than action-packed Taken knock-off , but if you miss Mel Gibson on the big screen it 's worth checking out .
amid the foreseeable twists and overused plot points , I had a lot of fun watching Mel Gibson kick ass
It 's good to have you back , Mel .
Mel Gibson is back and he 's got an edge-of-your-seat thriller to show for it .
Gibson lights a bonfire under his old self , and once word gets around about this taut , seamless thriller , his body of fans may come full circle .
Both smarter and thornier than advertised . Gibson is beginning to breathe the same rarefied craggy air of folks like Lee Marvin , Robert Ryan , and Warren Oates ... See the movie ; stay off his lawn .
An initially intriguing policier that gradually loses suspense and cleverness as it bites off more than it can chew .
Slow and silly plot notwithstanding , if you like your Mel Gibson out of control and a little bit crazy , this movie is for you .
Edge is a gripping thriller reminiscent of Martin Scorsese 's Oscar-winning The Departed , and Mel Gibson serves up a ferocious performance .
If Edge of Darkness exists simply to get Mel Gibson back on the big screen ... so be it .
Mel delivers on the darkness the title promises . It seems like his most intense performances since Lethal Weapon . I could imagine some of the scenes in this comparing to Riggs ' suicide attempt .
A remarkably accomplished thriller , one that 's never anything less than good and even approaches the edge of greatness .
Campbell and his cinematographer , Phil Meheux , create a pervasive sense of dread , with danger lurking around every corner of Boston and its environs .
If it sometimes seems as if we 've seen this particular Mel Gibson movie before , well , we have n't seen it for a long time . And it has aged reasonably well .
Edge of Darkness is effective as a cathartic revenge yarn , at least until the absurdities begin to pile up during the final half-hour .
It 's a revenge thriller ripped from today 's headlines . Well , ripped from the headlines of 25 years ago , anyway .
Edge of Darkness is reasonably well executed , but its competence reeks of fatigue . Another dead kid . Another angry dad . Another day at the office .
This film could have been two hours of Gibson scanning through microfiche and it would n't have been any more dull .
Gibson looks every bit his age , but he can still bring the fierce determination as well as anyone in the business .
Edge of Darkness is offered as a political thriller , but with real-world politics removed . What we 're left with is a familiar mechanism for delivering a vicarious , violent , wish-fulfilment fantasy .
The only edge here is in the title . This is indeed your father 's thriller .
A conspiracy that extends to the highest levels of tedium and confusion .
The plotline ... is so convoluted , it goes way past silliness ; the big reveals are obvious , and by the time they come to fruition , suspense has long since leaked away .
Ray Winstone delivers the story 's grim message to noir fans as if it were a bonbon on a tray : ` We all know what the facts are . We live a while , and then we die sooner than we 'd planned . '
Campbell adopts such a slow , ponderous approach to the material that you 're sound asleep before any of the particulars sink in .
-LSB- Gibson 's -RSB- steady , sobering performance goes a long way toward distracting from the movie 's schlocky plotting and unimaginative construction .
Without action , compelling characters or a coherent point of view , Edge of Darkness does n't have a glimmer of good qualities .
Gibson is willing to embrace the chance to be this generation 's Charles Bronson .
... gets bogged down with a very talky script , little-to-no action , and a convoluted plot involving an energy corporation cover-up , corrupt government , and nuclear weapons .
... we must sit through inexorable hokum and titillating violence ... right up until the infuriating end .
After 7.5 years in which his only starring role involved a drunken traffic stop , Mel Gibson returns -- and he 's the same old Mel . -LRB- Emphasis on the word `` old . '' -RRB-
In the end , all the plotting is basically thrown out the window anyway to focus on a gun-toting Gibson hunting down the people who 've wronged him . - NERVE.COM
Edge of Darkness is n't a great film but it 's crisply efficient one that 's almost always engrossing ... Gibson has fire in his eye and gravel in his Bahston accent .
The film 's populist avenger is quintessential Gibson .
Disappointingly neutered in its own right , but considering the talent and material involved it 's almost heart breaking
That inner pool of feral rage and icy intensity Gibson routinely dips into has more than enough liquid left for one last dunk , even if it 's in service of a role Gibson has explored countless times before .
Edge of Darkness ' moments of tension and excitement arrive in so many fits and starts that it never comes together cohesively to make a palatable potboiler .
There 's nothing especially edgy or dark , or darkly edgy , or even particularly twilit about Edge of Darkness , at least as thrillers go .
Gibson 's character here is a man crazed with grief . But it looks as if Gibson is just using that as an excuse to act crazy , period .
No longer quite so movie star handsome , Gibson 's deeply lined features and thinning mane complement a performance that is finely tuned and textured -- mournful , cunning , determined and explosive with rage .
Mr. Gibson 's performance is certainly intense , but the gleeful energy he once brought to such hits as Lethal Weapon -- or even to Conspiracy Theory , an excellent flop -- has turned toxic , and his somber scourge is no fun at all .
Gibson has n't had a starring role in seven years , but he has no trouble returning to work . That he looks a little wearier , and a lot older , simply adds to his character 's pathos .
Gibson nicely underplays the role of the father/cop/extremely crabby guy , but then why would n't he ? He 's done it about a dozen times before .
If Payback and Ransom dated and had a child it would be called Edge of Darkness . Gibson and Winstone shine in this revenge film with a purpose .
With Clint Eastwood seemingly retiring from the acting game , it 's good to still have at least one aging , scowling badass who is n't afraid to unleash the righteous thunder
Edge of Darkness is entertaining .
Complicated and stupid , a waste of Mel 's considerable talents and worse , a waste of your time .
The movie has kinetic heat , its thunderous approach fitting the somewhat tragic vengeful fury welling up inside its driven protagonist .
-LSB- S -RSB- uprisingly underpowered , a plodding police procedural that thinks that holding back on ` action ' makes it ` serious ' even in the absence of anything substantial to take its place ...
Smart enough to play some games with genre logic , and involving enough to make us go along with the notion that it 's more than its surface , even if it 's not .
Parental Content Review
Both Tom and the man who plays him seem intent on expiating some transgression .
There are few things worst than a film that has entire scenes , characters and events that roam freely like feral orphans , abandoned by the plot . Edge of Darkness is replete with them .
Works simultaneously as a taut action-thriller , an engrossing murder mystery , and an evocative statement on the dark side of big business and governmental politicking .
A byzantine plot sinks the movie .
Not only is Edge of Darkness Gibson 's best work in a decade -- a big improvement over such drivel as What Women Want -- it is a well-crafted thriller .
Feels condensed and convoluted , with too many cheap shortcuts to tie things together .
... the 1985 miniseries stands up just fine twenty-five years later . The feature film version will be forgotten in twenty-five days .
Gibson has the gravitas and charisma to hold our attention
An above average thriller about a young woman caught up in a nasty and secret Government conspiracy
Edge of Darkness fails as a comeback vehicle , as a remake and , to a lesser degree , as a popcorn thriller .
A crime drama that 's exciting in the moment and that lingers in the mind .
Is this a drama about a father 's loss ? No . Is this a political thriller ? Maybe , but a good thriller should consistently surprise the viewer . The movie 's revelations are met with a resounding `` duh . ''
This crisp , gripping drama of brutal criminal intrigue and sinister moral violence is smart and absorbing in its every nuance , and Gibson dominates the elaborate action with an assured performance that 's as authoritative as it is affecting .
While it 's not quite a return to form , the film is welcome comeback vehicle for Gibson .
A dark , brooding ` Death Wish ' - style melodrama that aims for the complexity of a good political thriller but does n't quite achieve it .
His face lined by life , he 's -LRB- Gibson -RRB- more Murtaugh now then Riggs .
It 's been nearly eight years since his last starring role onscreen , but fans need n't worry : Mel Gibson still has the makings of a formidable action star .
Gibson remains -- despise or defend him -- a uniquely fascinating screen presence as our shattered hero .
Perhaps `` perversely watchable '' might be the right term to describe the film .
You 've seen it , but it 's still entertaining ... a well-made genre-blender by professionals who know how to coax tears , deliver thrills .
Mel Gibson looks battered and lined and tired ... but that serves him well in this brutal , paranoid thriller , a perfect role and strong comeback for the one-time mega-star .
A long , complicated affair that has its moments but suffers from an overwrought plot .
The plot complications involving nuclear waste and political maneuvering have been trivialized beyond all meaning . But watching Gibson in a revenge fantasy feeds all my needs for a bloodlusting B-movie feast .
The pace is languorous , the volume -LRB- with the exception of three or four jolting episodes of violence -RRB- low , the lighting dim and grim .
Somber with a supernatural dimension , this tense thriller does n't catapult the viewer into the dark as brusquely as you might anticipate .
It 's unusually well-written for a bloody actioner , and has unexpected layers .
Edge Of Darkness quickly devolves into another showcase for Gibson 's snorting-bull act , a routine he could happily have shelved during his time off .
Love him or loathe him , the Melster still has screen presence . That 's why he 's a star .
Gibson , who has always been an undervalued actor , does a sturdy job as a grieving dad who still engages in conversations with his dead child ; it 's almost a letdown when he puts aside his mourning sickness and spirals into melodrama .
The showdown with Gibson almost singlehandedly saves the movie -- almost
An uneasy translation , and while there 's an undeniably perverse pleasure in watching Gibson mow down baddies once again , the film as a whole does n't form a narrative convincing enough to support such action cinema luxuries .
It 's a middling comeback , tentative , wary of much , and a fascinating portrait of a Hollywood icon doing his best to tiptoe back into the audience 's good graces . And Gibson , a blue-eyed charmer to the bitter end , almost manages it .
This is easily one of the best films of Mel Gibson 's career and his performance is right on target .
Kill someone 's only child , and what do you have ? You have a righteous avenger role almost too well-suited for Gibson 's persona .
Gibson is a credible , attractive hero , as he has always been , so if you want fast-food action , here 's your movie .
Gibson roots Craven in credible middle-aged fatigue as if to prove he 's a truer artist than his haters claim .
Edge of Darkness has earned its January release date -- this movie deserves to be dumped into theaters with little fanfare .
Fairly solid thriller with a strong performance from Gibson and some nice directorial touches , though die-hard fans of the TV series are advised to steer clear .
Mel is at the top of his game as the T-1000 of angry , grieving fathers
Acting in his first film since 2003 Mel Gibson is a bit rusty ...
How did this canny , savvy performer get roped into such a dud for his big acting comeback ?
Mel Gibson shines in this kind of role , and he 's at his very best in this politically charged thriller about a veteran homicide detective who goes after the murderers of his 24 year old daughter .
A flatfooted but surprisingly agile trenchcoat thriller .
A flawed thriller , to be sure , but the kind of edgy , captivating kind with great cast and production values that I go to the movies for .
The film depends on Gibson 's performance , and he comes through .
As compressed and updated by screenwriters William Monahan and Andrew Bovell , it 's just a conventional , divertingly propulsive , borderline boilerplate corporate-high-jinks thriller .
Gibson tries on a Boston accent -LRB- it needs work -RRB- and boringly underplays his character before the inevitable `` Mad Mel '' makes his appearance in the third act .
Gibson expresses a grief that is heartbreaking .
The most interesting component to this Mel Gibson vehicle happens off screen . This movie is a totally thrill-less thriller .
A top-notch thriller ... a well-crafted addition to a genre that has made a refreshing and welcome comeback in recent years .
Mel Gibson desperately needs a good movie . His fans need to see him in one . I am sorry to report that Edge of Darkness is not it .
There 's more emphasis on bloodlust than grief -- a shame considering the mini 's most powerful moments explored Craven 's deeply conflicted agony .
Gibson still knows what he does best , as a star should , and creates tension just from never letting the tears poised in his eyes fall .
There 's undeniable catharsis -- albeit an ugly , somewhat unsettling catharsis -- in Edge of Darkness .
A shot that defiantly fixes on Mel Gibson 's balding pate from behind is the only evidence of the volatile actor-director 's famous penchant for cinematic self-flagellation here .
It is an engrossing and thoughtful film that balances bullets and blood with moments of introspection and musings about the nature of family .
An intense Mel Gibson performance anchors this brutally effective crime thriller .
Although its paranoid trappings about nuclear weapons and radiation are more fitting to the eighties than today , Campbell 's new Edge Of Darkness is a taut adult thriller .
Campbell 's topnotch production team yields predictably polished results , but the director 's decision to revisit the late Troy Kennedy Martin 's teleplay , finally , feels lacking .
In a comeback role -LRB- his first in 7 years -RRB- , Mel Gibson is decent as the grieving , vengeful father , but the effort not effective in resurrecting the paranoia , anti-government , anti-big business thriller , which was popular in the 1970s .


@highlight

For better and for worse , Edge of Darkness offers vintage Mel Gibson , working within the familiar framework of a bloody revenge thriller .