I wo n't spoil the broth , but suffice to say Ratatouille is a bursting with bright flavors , some spice , and deep warmth that settles in your belly and satisfies body and soul .
There is so much to enjoy and celebrate here , Ratatouille deserves more than a review : it could -LRB- and probably will -RRB- inspire books about creativity and good taste .
Ratatouille was written and directed by Brad Bird , the guy behind The Incredibles , and while his new movie is n't as brainy as that one , it has lots of lovely touches to appeal to parents as well as kids .
Ratatouille is a triumph that not only pays tribute to the spirit of discovery , but revels in the fun of making a few of its own .
And there 's Remy himself , voiced by irreverent comic Patton Oswalt . Yes , he 's a rat , and a pantless one at that , but he 's a charming rat .
The latest from Pixar and Oscar winning writer-director Brad Bird is a fabulously enjoyable parable about the pursuit of excellence and rising above the preconceptions of others .
It 's not just the best animated film this year , it 's the best animated film to come out of the U.S. since Bird 's last effort , The Incredibles .
Like the snooty restaurant critic Anton Ego -LRB- voiced by Peter O'Toole -RRB- , we enter Ratatouille thinking we 've tasted it all , and we leave hoping for seconds .
It 's a great programme for all the family .
It 's not my favourite Pixar film .
No restaurant has ever benefited from placing rats in a recipe , but the digital wizards in Pixar 's kitchen have cooked up a winning peasant dish in Ratatouille .
Ratatouille is a wonderful , wistful comedy , and a sparkling return to form for the computer animation studio Pixar after last year 's lacklustre Cars .
As in his previous films , Bird offers up a story with substance .
It 's one of the strange ironies of Hollywood that adult audiences are usually treated like imbeciles while children receive much greater respect .
Pixar has become a brand name you can trust .
Yes , better than Big Night . Yes , smarter than Babette 's Feast .
Ratatouille is n't a bad movie , just one that does n't do enough of what it does well .
Ratatouille is a delicious delight , brimming with colorful characters , lush animation and , as Remy rises at a chic Parisian restaurant , useful culinary advice .
The breathtaking reveal of Paris , the legendary city of lights , is only one of the many delights of this exquisitely designed movie .
Ratatouille manages to simultaneously provide everything we love about Pixar movies while forging a new path .
Ratatouille seems more charming in concept than in execution . Bogged down by too many climaxes , it 's a little overcooked .
Working with a tight , well-judged script and sensational animation that makes you want to go home and cook -- as well as be nicer to rodents -- director Brad Bird delivered the best family comedy of that year .
Thankfully , Ratatouille never relies on pop-culture references or crass satire to get laughs . It creates comedy on its own terms .
The Academy might as well hand over the animated feature Oscar to Brad Bird right now , since it is hard to imagine any other film coming close to his glorious new film Ratatouille in this or any year .
Ratatouille follows the pattern of dazzling entertainment set long before by the first Toy Story picture , but elevates it to something more resounding than just a routine cartoon adventure with colorful characters or sight gags .
Up there with Finding Nemo and Monsters Inc. as one of Pixar 's best creature features .
As classically as `` Babe , '' `` Ratatouille '' turns animal-kingdom expectations on their ear for a unique , generous and gleeful gastronomic masterpiece that knows it 's not much fun to look out , or cook , only for yourself .
It 's a mélange of top notch production quality , great performances , amazing animation , and a universal story of friendship .
To borrow a line from the film , which includes an insightful look at the art of criticism : my compliments to the chef .
Genuine enchantment
Ratatouille lacks the nutritional value of a truly satisfying meal . Only near the end does it serve up something meatier .
When is a rat a lark ? When he 's created by Brad Bird . Brad Bird , the animation maestro from Pixar , invents a spunky , gourmet rodent in the lively , spicy romp Ratatouille .
Kids are gon na gobble Ratatouille up ; adults will relish its wit , and everyone will want to go out to eat after .
A long run time -LRB- 110 minutes -RRB- plus sly humor might make for restless kiddos . But take them anyway . Pixar is brain power .
Ratatouille can expect to rake in the accolades .
Journey to the Center of the Broth
Most of the discussions of food come off like an animated Frasier episode , which should n't have broad enough appeal .
Ratatouille is a delicious , delightful stew of a film , a classical fairy tale told with the language of 21st-century technology
One of the few Pixar films which , for me , seemed more geared toward just kids , as opposed to their usual balance of kid/adult themes .
One might have wished for a hero type more acceptable in terms of food preparation . Otherwise , delicious .
arguably the finest film in Pixar 's distinguished canon
Ratatouille is never anything less than a joy to watch .
Ratatouille is an instant classic .
Complex in its simplicity . It can be summed up quickly by saying it 's about a rat who helps a clumsy oaf achieve greatness in a French restaurant . But the rich themes that it covers in the process are universal and inspiring .
Brad Bird is still on top of his game ... if you think you ca n't make your dreams come true , try being a rat who wants to cook in a five-star restaurant .
Not only funny , engaging and entertaining from beginning to end , but a picture which delivers an abundance of heartwarming messages .
Dig into Pixar 's delicious , well-crafted rat tale .
The filmmakers at Pixar keep topping themselves with each new release .
Another yummy concoction from Pixar .
This little gem puts you in the right mood .
Combining vivid characters with a fresh story , this is one of Pixar 's best films yet .
A comedy that relates realistically to life , fashioned not with dozens of hilarious jokes but with due regard for proper storytelling .
Sure , you may not love rats . You may hate them . But you really do have to love Pixar .
Clever , certainly ; ingenious , occasionally ; enjoyable - hardly ever .
Purveys huge charm , enough to make you fall in love with the rat species and enough , with its array of screen dishes , to make America forgive France , re-dub freedom fries as French fries , and fall sobbing on the country 's cordon bleu shoulders .
The animation lives up to Pixar 's high standards , with the food looking mouth-wateringly realistic .
Director Brad Bird has created a Pixar movie that 's a joy to behold .
Amazingly , Pixar just got better , raising the bar into the ether with Ratatouille .
I loved Ratatouille . I was even tempted to drop the odd bit of popcorn , like tipping the waiter after a particularly good meal .
In terms of visual panache and confident story-telling , it 's second to none .
Anton Ego , the restaurant critic of The Grim Eater , is one of the greatest performances of Peter O'Toole 's career .
A delicious delight from start to finish , with a terrific script , great performances , sumptuous animation and a non-stop barrage of wonderful gags , both verbal and visual .
The animation is superb , the vocal work flawless , the script witty , the central conflict between family ties and the pursuit of excellence subtly handled .
Novel in concept , exquisite in execution , another family feast from Pixar suitable for all palates . Not a studio chef d'oeuvre , perhaps , but still the richest of this year 's animations . Do n't miss the starter course , hilarious space short Lifted .
Probably wo n't get the Oscar accolades of earlier , more inspired , idiosyncratic projects from the CGI masters . It 's still good quality fare for the kids -- although whether they really need the same old homilies again is debatable .
All the ingredients come together to make a richly rewarding main course , seasoned with wit and wisdom yet never half-baked .
That feeling you have as you leave the cinema - that buzzing in the fingers and lightness in the heart - is called joy .
Occasionally inspired , but mostly trivial and pointless .
Simultaneously 2007 's best adventure movie and its most moving coming-of-age story .
It 's always been Pixar 's boast that it keeps its computers in their place -- at the service of the story -- and with Ratatouille , it has proved it yet again .
A lot of animated movies have inspired sequels , notably Shrek , but Brad Bird 's Ratatouille is the first one that made me positively desire one .
Every delicious situation is finger-licking good as the shy , clumsy Linguini becomes Remy 's puppet , the rat-puppeteer holding onto large tufts of the novice-chef 's hair and tugging them decisively , manipulating his every move .
Would that these culinary rats could have put a little spice into `` No Reservations '' ! Ratatouille is an animated love letter to the art of fine cuisine , creating it , enjoying it , and even critiquing it . It 's almost too mature in its devotion to its subject
An engaging enough premise , but does not really have a good story to tell . It pulls in too many directions .
A sheer masterpiece . Sustains tension throughout between disgust and affection for the most repulsive of animals .
I would have loved to have been present during the pitch meeting for `` Ratatouille . '' `` It 's , um , a little bit ` Willard , ' a little bit ` Like Water for Chocolate ' '' ! ... The greatest rat movie and the greatest food movie ever made .
With some terrific comedy and action sequences , an entertaining story , and engaging characters , the result is a sumptuous offering that both kids and adults alike will probably devour with hearty abandon
... while Bird 's great wit and impressively wide-ranging imagination are again on tap in Ratatouille , I found it hard to suspend my disbelief ...
One of these days , Pixar is going to release a stinker . But that day is n't today .
`` Ratatouille '' may just be the most fully expressed animated family movie to come around since `` 101 Dalmatians '' -LRB- 1961 -RRB- .
Part of the surprise of Ratatouille is the unexpected way in which it unfolds . Brad Bird 's script has some of the expected dramatic turns but it also holds a number of surprises .
Ratatouille is a veritable feast for the eye and the ear . Do n't miss it .
But how would the rat match up against Iron Chef Morimoto ?
In Ratatouille , the level of moment-by-moment craftsmanship is a wonder .
Un entretenimento de primer nivel , con extraordinaria animación pero sobre todo con entrañables personajes y una historia original , divertida y hasta raramente emotiva .
Ratatouille has imaginative animation , creative characters , but the use of a gray rat and his garbage-eating family is questionable .
Rémy realizes where he is when he climbs to a rooftop and views the city 's skyline , in a shot that 's beautiful enough to bring tears to your eyes and make you forget that what you 're seeing is all generated by binary code .
Well I 'm happy to report that it 's not just very good , but Ratatouille is in fact great .
There are some ingredients that could have been left on the shelf , but overall , it 's a treat for any taste .
It 's getting a bit anticlimactic to announce that Pixar Films has another animated winner in theaters .
Tiene la magia de las viejas películas clásicas de Disney con todo y su mensaje de luchar por los sueños y así lograr lo imposible . Una verdadera delicia .
... delicious in every sense of the word .
A tantalizing smorgasbord that will delight the palettes of audiences of all ages with its simple moral tale about pushing beyond your social boundaries to achieve success .
In food-critic speak , Ratatouille is highly seasoned and layered with complex flavors and has considerable sweetness on the finish .
I think Brad Bird is working on another level than most animated writer/directors .
A masterpiece that HAS to be the front-runner for this year 's animated Oscar . It 's actually the rare ` toon that even deserves consideration for Best Picture .
Representa não apenas uma diversão imperdível -LRB- suas seqüências de ação são sensacionais e seu senso de humor é invejável -RRB- como também pode dar origem a discussões estimulantes sobre a natureza da Arte , do artista e do estudioso .
Pixar/Disney 's latest animated movie Ratatouille could be a trap , as it ensnares viewers from start to finish with its adorable animation , non-stop humor and lovable characters .
Though it took a while , ` Ratatouille ' won me over with its superior visuals and sophisticated direction .
Ratatouille is a welcome , delicate return to the Pixar gold standard , and , as I noted to myself , `` wowzers and lovely . ''
Ratatouille is fast-moving and fun and makes me wish I gave more thought to my meals . But if I laughed out loud , it was n't more than once and the most emotional moment came from Anton Ego , the snobby British critic .
In a sense , Ratatouille is a story about fulfilling one 's dreams , about going beyond preconceived boundaries and following your heart .
Brad Bird is officially my favorite animation director . Another masterpiece .
Brilliant in every conceivable way .
Rarely do Pixar films fall short of excellence , and Ratatouille is no exception .
A love letter to Paris , a valentine to the fine art of cooking , and a gift to summer moviegoers .
Constantly pushing beyond its narrative and visual capacities , Ratatouille ends up one frighteningly effortless entertainment .
My compliments to the chef Brad Bird . This writer/director has one of the best young filmographies in the world .
In an already stellar year for animation , Ratatouille - dare I say it ? - takes the cake .
Ratatouille is stunningly animated , cleverly scripted , and genuinely humorous . Bird and Pixar have another winner on their hands .
Ratatouille represents another step forward for Pixar - not just on a technical level , but on an artistic one as well . Every location and character is vividly conceived and realized .
The scene in which Ego samples Remy 's ratatouille is the single best moment in the film and it rivals the moment when the Grinch 's heart grows ...
While others in the computer-animation field are obsessed with making backgrounds appear real , Pixar knows it is more vital to make the characters real .
Not only is it as light and airy as a soufflé , it 's also as complex as the precise physics and flavorings that makes it a miracle
Once again , Pixar has crafted a quality story to go with its dazzling visualizations .
Not quite the comedic animated masterpiece , rather a cute quaint film that drags a bit at the second act , but offers up an unexpectedly warm plate of climax in the wind up .
The original writer and director of Ratatouille , Jan Pinkava , was replaced in midproduction and , for all the exquisite detail , the movie is missing a dash of heart .
Like other Pixar films , Ratatouille makes your eyes tear with laughter and emotion . But , from the opening sequence ... this movie also makes your mouth water , and the headlong narrative zips you through the sensual atmosphere .
Ratatouille is a delight -- with explosions of delicious humor and a gorgeous look that will have you rethinking what animation can accomplish .
Disney is back in prime form and lovers of quality can rejoice .
This delicious tale of a rat who cooks is pure joy , a grand achievement -- one of the most beautiful animated pictures ever made .
If you like food , rats , animation or a good laugh , Ratatouille is just what the doctor ordered .
Dramatizing a very unexpected story of the gulf between adequacy and excellence may be the most difficult narrative trick of all .
Kids will giggle at Remy 's antics , while the grown-ups will find in Ratatouille a feast of inventive animation with a generous portion of culinary inspiration .
By spitting out 30 minutes of unnecessary middle , Ratatouille could have come out of the oven a magnificent feast instead of a pedestrian meal for the masses .
There are moments of laugh aloud comedy sprinkled throughout and I had a smile firmly planted on my face from beginning to end ...
Oh , but there is joy in this movie ... It fills you up ... with just the simple yet profound connection it 's possible to make with another creature , even it that creature is merely a cartoon rat .
Remy discovers he can control Linguini 's movements using his hair like a puppeteer 's strings ... And while that last idea never really works and proves the film 's imaginative failing , Ratatouille has other ideas that do ...
Ratatouille does n't center on the over-familiar surfaces of contemporary life . It harks back to Disney 's older era , when cartoons seemed part of a more elegant world with less edgy characters .
A clever , ingeniously animated film filled with many shining moments .
Had Bird gone the safe route , he would have robbed us of a great new cartoon figure in Remy , who like the rest of the film is rendered with animation that is at once fanciful and life-like . It 's also my pick for Pixar 's best .
From the moment Remy enters , crashing , to the final happy fadeout , Ratatouille parades the brio and depth that set Pixar apart from and above other animation studios .
How good , and how much fun , is Ratatouille ? So good that when it was over , all I wanted to do was watch it again .
This is an animated movie that 's been made for adults , although kids probably will enjoy it , too .
Ratatouille never overwhelms , even though it 's stocked with action , romance , historical content , family drama and serious statements about the creation of art .
If a bit long for a cartoon feature -- probably a sign that its makers fell in love with it -- Ratatouille is the eighth and one of the best Pixar features .
Ratatouille might be that rare G-rated film that adults enjoy even more than children . In other words , some scenes cater to folks who prefer truffles over goldfish crackers .
A scrumptious and savory entrée , delivered with wit and aplomb . It is the most delicious offering yet from those wizards at Pixar .
At its core , Ratatouille is really the story of the artist and the creative impulse , of the artist 's obligation to follow that impulse in the face of what friends , family , society may say .
It should be no surprise that the best American studio film of the year should come from the only American studio never to have made a bad film .
A film as rich as a sauce béarnaise , as refreshing as a raspberry sorbet , and a lot less predictable than the damn food metaphors and adjectives all us critics will churn out to describe it . OK , one more and then I 'll be done : it 's yummy .
Fresh family fun . Although there are those slightly noxious images of rodents scampering around a kitchen , the movie does n't stoop to kid-pandering jokes based on back talk and bodily gases .
Displaying the usual meticulousness associated with the Pixar brand , Ratatouille is a nearly flawless piece of popular art .
Arguably the finest ` toon in the Pixar canon .
The Pixar magic continues with Brad Bird 's Ratatouille , a gorgeous , wonderfully inventive computer-animated comedy .
Ratatouille is the most straightforward and formulaic picture to date from Pixar Animation Studios , but it is also among the most enchanting and touching .
The script , which does n't play cheap or obvious to children or adults , and the film 's fluid animation and luxurious palette make Ratatouille one of this summer 's high-water marks for viewers of any age .
Ratatouille is not merely the smartest , funniest , most joyous , most lovingly crafted film of the summer thus far , but it ranks among Pixar 's finest .
No sketchy backgrounds here -- Ratatouille 's scenes feels like deep-focus camera shots . The textures , from the gleam of copper pans to the cobblestone streets , are almost palpable .
Will Pixar ever make a bad movie ? Ever ?
Ratatouille has the technical genius , emotional core and storytelling audacity to lift it into the ranks of -LSB- the best -RSB- Pixar films , the crème de la crème of modern animation .
Ratatouille has its heart , and its head , in this effort to serve up something unique and satisfying .
Writer and director Brad Bird keeps Ratatouille moving without resorting to the cute animal jokes or pop-culture wisecracking that ruined so many other recent animated films .
Pixar , the undisputed heavyweight champion of the animation world , retains the title with this winning tale .
Ranks up there with the best of Pixar 's best , joining Nemo , Monsters , Inc. and Toy Story -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- in the ranks of instant classics . It 's a reminder of how good ` kids ' entertainment can be .
Ratatouille will make you wonder why animation needs to hide behind the mantle of ` it 's for children , but grownups will like it , too . ' This one 's for Mom and Dad , and yep , the kids will like it , too .
Brad Bird 's second collaboration with Pixar is more ambitious and meditative than his Oscar-winning The Incredibles .
Pixar has a habit of finding voice talent in unexpected places , and she 's just part of the shrewd casting . Oswalt and Romano make an ideal team , assertive and nervous , while the almost unrecognizable Holm spits out disgust with glee .
Little rats and big utensils is comedy gold .
The movie does n't have to strain for liftoff the way Pixar 's Cars did -LRB- that movie had a Volvo 's boxiness -RRB- . Ratatouille keeps inventing surprises .
Brad Bird makes cartoons , yet I do n't think there 's a filmmaker anywhere with more respect for his audience .
An oasis in the middle of summer-movie mediocrity .
`` Ratatouille '' is so fresh and fun and original and wonderful that the very least I could do is get through this review without any lame cooking metaphors .
Ratatouille is a Pixar tour de force .
What a delicious concoction of French sophistication coupled with a dollop of slapstick humour and a sprinkling of visual marvel . Pixar 's `` Ratatouille '' is the perfect recipe for an adult/child offering .
Bird 's movies so far have been aimed at children , but the craftsmanship in them can leave an adult spellbound .
... ultimately one of the most uneven and least compelling efforts from Disney 's Pixar Animation Studios to date ...
Bewitching ... Bird 's movies do n't have the same rush-rush rhythms or the lowbrow humor that have become the hallmark of too many animated films . Instead , he puts the emphasis on characters and cleverness ...
The best way to put it about Pixar 's triumphant new animated film Ratatouille is this : all is forgiven for Cars .
Too bad Julia Child is n't here to see it , but I 've channeled a message from her : She ratifies Ratatouille from beyond .
Delicious family entertainment .
A breathlessly scampering slapstick delight .
Linguini gives the best physical `` performance '' from a CGI character to date , virtually -LRB- so to speak -RRB- rivaling the likes of Steve Martin in All of Me and Vincent D'Onofrio in Men in Black .
I 'm really hoping this makes a ton of money and sparks a trend of mainstream animated features that rely more on plot and character than on by-the-numbers cartoonisms .
Ratatouille is touching and moving and very funny . Bon Appetit !
Animation should n't be just for kids -- animation should be used to tell good stories ... And , with its many strengths , Ratatouille is a great story , and a great movie .
The man behind The Iron Giant and The Incredibles , Bird has crafted another wondrously original and emotionally magnificent cinematic adventure the likes of which simply must be seen to be believed .
Its pleasures are mostly small .
There 's a brilliant 75-minute film here , and truthfully , I could watch the cooking scenes with Remy all day . But Pixar being Pixar , simplicity just is n't in the cards .
There 's enough to enjoy in the artistry and its final hope for new discoveries to applaud the outcome even if its just a polite applause until the flame goes out .
A furry , pink-tailed , and utterly irresistible affirmation of mainstream animation at its best .
Takes the most vile , hated , disease-ridden vermin in the history of the world , then makes them cuddly and lovable . It 's madness ! Complete , ingenious madness !
Ratatouille is just the delicacy the customer ordered -- and one of the best films of the year .
Pixar 's latest release is brilliantly animated , and a lot of fun . But it does not have a clear sense of who its audience is , and families with children who are looking for the next Finding Nemo may find themselves puzzled .
It 's a character-driven story that lets the humor flow naturally from the story 's details . Also , the handsome , colorful backgrounds here have a mind-blowing , photorealistic quality .
Ratatouille is delicious fun sure to be savored by audiences of all ages for its sumptuous visuals , clever wit and irresistibly inspiring tale .
Like the burbling soup that plays a key part in Ratatouille , the movie is a delectable blend of ingredients that tickles the palette and leaves you hungry for more .
Brad Bird 's Ratatouille is so audacious you have to fall in love with its unlikely hero .
One of the most beautiful and complex digital films yet , layered with detail and atmosphere and dimensionally rich and fluid .
Easily the best Pixar creation next to The Incredibles ; arguably it 's even better .
Ratatouille is Brad Bird 's best movie yet , and from the writer-director who made two of the best American animated features of the past decade , The Incredibles and the sadly neglected Iron Giant , that 's something .
The characters are irresistible , the animation is astonishing and the film , a fantasy version of a foodie rhapsody , sustains a level of joyous invention that has n't been seen in family entertainment since The Incredibles .
... hearty and tasty , created from fresh ingredients and cooked up with unexpected flavors and dashes of spice , and it leaves a satisfying and inspiring warmth when it 's done .
Almost as funny , joyful , and heartfelt as anything that Pixar 's merry band of genius-nerds has ever done .
Peter O'Toole 's performance as the critic Anton Ego is worthy of another Oscar nomination .
The best comedy of the summer , animated or not , and perceptive parents may enjoy it even more than their offspring .
The Ratatouille concept could be off-putting -- a rat who dreams of using his bubonic paws to cook for humans at a ritzy Parisian restaurant -- but it 's so funny and lovable that the ick factor vanishes almost immediately .
With Ratatouille , Bird once again delivers not just a great , witty story , but dazzling visuals as well .
It 's not just the computer animation that is vibrantly three-dimensional . It 's also the well-rounded characters ... I defy you to name another animated film so overflowing with superfluous beauty .
In sequence after sequence , we are presented with visual set pieces that far exceed the imaginativeness of most live-action dramatic fare .
The best animated movie in well over a year , and one of the most magical , enjoyable movie experiences you 'll have at the theater this summer or any time else this year .
Pixar 's weakest film in almost a decade .
Bird has a rare cinematic gift : the ability to stage slam-bang action sequences without neglecting the rich emotional resonance that makes for a great story .
Bird has taken the raw ingredients of an anthropomorphic-animal kiddie matinee and whipped them into a heady brew about nothing less than the principles of artistic creation .
Pixar 's animation is simply flawless ; colorful , deeply realized , and ably conveying both the chaos of the kitchen , and the sensual allure of food well prepared .
Has Pixar lost its magic recipe ? Ratatouille is filled with fairly generic animated imagery , a few modest chases , a couple of good gags , not a lot of laughs .
So many computer-animated movies are brash , loud and popping with pop-culture comedy , but Ratatouille has the warm glow of a favorite book . The characters are more than the sum of their gigabyte-consuming parts -- they feel handcrafted .
The film may be animated , and largely taken up with rats , but its pulse is gratifyingly human . And you have never seen a computer-animated feature with this sort of visual panache and detail .
Even more fun to watch than it is to say .
When Remy starts driving Linguini around like a puppet , it feels like something lifted from an episode of Pinky & the Brain .
A boisterous ode to culinary delights , artistic inspiration , egalitarianism , camaraderie , family , and Paris .
... Oswalt babbles away with the mania of a true obsessive . He 's like Julia Child after too much wine .
Beyond the stunning animation -LRB- they finally got hair right ! -RRB- , there 's little to recommend besides the fact that it 's a touch better than Shrek the Third .
A test for tiny tots , a mite nostalgic and as male-dominated as a modern kitchen it may be , but these are mere quibbles about this delightful addition to the Pixar pantheon .
At first glance , this is Bird 's lightest film ; upon further reflection , it deepens into perhaps his most substantive .
Ratatouille 's one of the few must see movies of the summer of 2007 .
Do n't be surprised if people start called Brad Bird the Spielberg of animation
The wild , devoted praise afforded Bird 's solid yet tepid films puzzles me . It 's as though society is playing a joke that everyone but me and a few others are in on . I smell a Ratatouille .
This is a summer animated film aimed at your 15-year-old youngster , not your toddler . -LSB- While -RSB- younger fans will enjoy the sight of these furry heroes in a man 's world , they will easily lose track of the intricate story , smart dialogue and complex themes .
Ratatouille is the best of the eight movies that Pixar has offered to date . It has color , glorious music , a fast pace , a clever and witty script , a credible villain or two , and the one thing everyone in the audience loves : lots of delicious food .
A visually astounding comedy that 's missing the emotional significance and thematic complexity of the computer animation studio 's best work .
Ratatouille 's narrative shortcuts only serve to make room for the fun , of which there are generous servings .
Ratatouille is free of the kind of gratuitous pop-culture references that plague so many movies of the genre ; it tells a story , it 's very much of our world but it never goes for the cheap , easy gag .
An irresistible feast of comedy , imagination , intelligence and heart , Ratatouille will have audiences clamoring for seconds .
Catch this rat !
Pixar has packed so much fun and entertainment into their latest that you 'll probably want to see it again as soon as it 's over .
For parents looking to spend time in a theater with their kids or adults who want something lighter and less testosterone-oriented than the usual summer fare , Ratatouille offers a savory main course .
What makes Ratatouille such a hilarious and heartfelt wonder is the way Bird contrives to let it sneak up on you . And get a load of that score from Michael Giacchino , a perfect compliment to a delicious meal .
It 's a variation of Cyrano De Bergerac with its own comic sensibility .
Easily the best Pixar film since A Bug 's Life , Ratatouille is deliciously delightful , wonderfully sweet and drop-dead gorgeous .
Brad Bird wrote and directed Ratatouille and tops his previous work . Since his work includes The Iron Giant and The Incredibles , this puts him somewhere between Chuck Jones and Michelangelo .
Captivating , inventive and souffle-light ... family audiences will eat it up !
Remy , the rodent hero of Ratatouille , may not be as cute as Mickey Mouse , but he grows on you -- blue fur and all .
If rival studios ever adopted Pixar 's story process for their films , there would be no need for critics due to the exceptional quality of the movies being made .
To watch Ratatouille is to recognize we 're living in another golden age of American animation .
Ratatouille has the Pixar technical magic without , somehow , the full Pixar flavor . It 's Brad Bird 's genial dessert , not so much incredible as merely sweetly edible .
Brad Bird and Pixar Animation Studios are proving to be an unbeatable combination .
Ratatouille is a major revelation . It is the first great American animation for adults first .
Ratatouille is a delightful treat . As the French would say , C'est magnifique .
What pushes this movie over the top is how it combines cartoon fun with rich evocations of the beauty and romance of Paris , the value of family , and the wonders of food .
Delectable ! Ratatouille should be savored by every age of movie goer .
A simple , enjoyable dish .
A terrific movie -- and an early contender for the Academy Award . With Ratatouille , Disney and Pixar not only capture the culinary heart of Paris -- itself a feat -- but also the hearts of audiences through one adorable little rat .
The master chefs at Pixar have blended all the right ingredients -- abundant verbal and visual wit , genius slapstick timing , a soupcon of Gallic sophistication -- to produce a warm and irresistible concoction .


@highlight

Fast-paced and stunningly animated , Ratatouille adds another delightfully entertaining entry -- and a rather unlikely hero -- to the Pixar canon .