a history lesson that takes us on a lacerating journey from the '60s anti-war movements to their emotional ripple effects in the modern-day
Um olhar interessante sobre um período conturbado e incrivelmente rico no cenário da militância política entre os jovens norte-americanos : a década de 70 .
Proves to those few of us who try to see both sides of an argument that evil is a mere perception .
Their story is history they do n't teach in school , which makes The Weather Underground all the more welcome .
A must-see for anyone interested in one of the most turbulent periods in recent American history .
A compelling documentary that makes effective use of contemporary interviews , news-show clips , grainy 8 mm footage and narration .
The Weather Underground does as fine a job of getting into the heads of its subjects as any documentary in recent memory .
It 's hard not to feel a little deja vu watching this informative documentary .
A homegrown terrorist movement with pretensions to Third World revolution , '60s radicals the Weather Underground make fascinating subjects for a feature documentary .
It 's really jam-packed full of great stuff .
Failed to ask one interesting or tough question .
intimate insider portrait of the radical Weather Underground in the context of its times
If names such as Bernadine Dohrn , Bill Ayers , Mark Rudd , Naomi Jaffe and Brian Flanagan mean nothing to you , you 'll definitely want to see the thought-provoking documentary , The Weather Underground .
The Weather Underground leaves the viewer with many questions . To the filmmakers ' credit , most of them are the right and urgent ones to ask .
A keen-eyed and occasionally sardonically comical look at how good intentions -- even noble ones -- can cross the line .
Directors Sam Green and Bill Siegel expertly limn the forces that gave rise to Weatherman and clearly sympathize with the group 's motivations . At the same time , they do n't stint on Weatherman 's follies .
Bob Dylan said that you did n't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blew . He 's still right .
Whose side the documentarians are on is never clear -- in a muddy rather than an ambiguous way . Did anyone die from the Weathermen 's bombings ? We do n't find out here .
A perceptive , fascinating and relatively evenhanded look at the most radical arm of the American student rebellion of the Vietnam era .
It 's the thought of telling the other side of the story , or at least the side that has been forgotten , that makes the subject matter so refreshing and enthralling .
Harkens to a time when political posturing attended to stakes that were real .
Thought-provoking .
Solid but technically conventional , and arguably overly sympathetic , documentary .
An eye-opening look at idealism taken to extremes during one of the most turbulent periods of American history .
This film should be seen by every American , particularly those too young to have lived through those times .
Compelling , troubling documentary .
A fascinating study of naivete , disillusionment and foolhardy rationalization .
A remarkable journey .
What 's forceful about The Weather Underground is how effectively the filmmakers convey the violent zeitgeist of those years .
A relatively balanced , documentary look at the most notorious political terrorist group of the 1970s .
A compelling piece of work that turns out to have unexpected relevance to the current world situation .
Green and Siegel have done an extraordinary job of bottling a pivotal moment in American history -- the feel and the frenzy of it -- then uncorking it so that the audience experiences both the rush and the horror of violent political action .
Essential viewing for anyone who wants to know the roots -- and perils -- of modern political dissent .
A fascinating window into American political history .
A smart , absorbing , often exhilarating documentary .
The Weather Underground chronicles those early days of idealism , and their transition into a period when American society seemed for an instant on the point of revolution .
What it needs is more context , social and psychological .
Documentary about 1960s violent terrorists/committed freedom fighters is a blast about the past that 's not just a museum piece .
A powerful and searching documentary .
Powerful and surprisingly timely .
The film does a remarkable job of showing both sides of the story .
Smart !
The filmmakers build a compelling case for the effect of the radical left on late 20th-century American politics .
The film does an excellent job of capturing the pervasive violence that rocked the era , from Vietnam to Altamont .
This terrifically smart and solid piece of filmmaking lets the former Weathermen , now in their 50 's and older , speak into the camera and reveal a bit of their personal histories as well as what the peace movement meant to them .
Filmmakers Sam Green and Bill Siegel tend to shy from tough questions , allowing their subjects to wax nostalgic about bomb-throwing as yet another youthful folly of the '70s .
Tells the movement 's tale dramatically and dispassionately , brilliantly juggling the demands of historical accuracy , ideological balance , and sociological perspective .
Sam Green and Bill Siegel 's often gripping documentary manages to evoke the particular quality and extent of the madness that possessed many Americans during the course of the longest foreign war in the nation 's history .
It 's hard to sit and listen to these people that are in their 50 's speaking fondly of the good ole days when they had sex and drug parties and blew up stuff -LRB- yes , this is a huge exaggeration , but that 's it in a nutshell - and nutty is how they sound -RRB- .
With respect to its title subject , the infamous splinter group of the nonviolent Students for a Democratic Society , pic is unaccountably soft .
Green and Siegel have crafted a breathtaking portrait of one chapter of the '60s story that has n't been done to death .
A chilling , cautionary tale that needs to be seen by a wide audience . My only fear is that many will take away the wrong message from the film , thinking how daring these young revolutionaries were as they tried to blow up our government .






@highlight

Fascinating documentary about the militant Weathermen .