... seriously , how often do we want to escape into worlds that are hell-bent on ravaging our sense of security with invading aliens and furious natural disasters ?
You can not say , in the terms of the life and career that Emmerich has built for himself , this is not the apex of his work . The world blows up . The world blows up a lot . The world blows up fantastically . There are worst quests in life .
Emmerich favours hoisting his camera high and dry to give audiences the best panoramic view , but it removes all tension from proceedings - you 're always at a safe distance .
Two and a half hours of heaving and cleaving and crashing and crunching .
Cusack , with his one-of-the-guys face and his nice way with child actors , does creditable work as an Average American Dad trying to put things right .
2012 is the rare case of a bad film that I 'm nevertheless obliged to recommend you see .
Most of all , I liked the airlifting of giraffes to ark safety via helicopter and the bizarrely unreasonable cheeriness of the beleaguered survivors who all but shout `` hip-hip-hooray '' after billions of other Earth citizens lose their lives .
Over the top scenes of destruction aside 2012 is generally unimaginative in every way , from conception to execution . It 's not particularly bad , but never has the end of the world seemed so quaint .
At points , 2012 was tedious enough to make us feel like we were in the theater until 2012
A headache inducing mess of apocalyptic proportions , 2012 is a woeful greatest hits package of disaster film clichés , mixed with shallow social commentary .
In line with the U.S.-centric heartbeat of 2012 , most other nationalities , particularly the Russians , are viewed as imbeciles and/or mere extensions of crude stereotypes - clever Indians , honourable Chinese , stylish Italians , and so on .
You do n't have to say more than `` it 's a Roland Emmerich film '' to get the full brunt of the quality of the production . Great visuals , but weak dialogue and scenarios .
It 's cinematic waterboarding and there was more than one occasion during the film when I was convinced it was never going to end .
I ca n't claim to have seen every terrible film in cinematic history , but in my fairly extensive watchography , 2012 is certainly in the top 5 worst ever .
Action-packed entertainment builds around efforts , not to prevent the destruction of the planet , but to plan for the continuation of the human race .
It 's the end of the world as we know it % u2026 again ! But hand it to Roland Emmerich , an old hand at cinematic Armageddon , for making the apocalypse such an entertaining ride .
The strongest thing about this movie is the `` this I have to see '' factor . If only the story had the same kind of groove going as the effects .
Berlin Alexanderplatz feels like a Saturday afternoon matinee compared to this .
Even though the extras -LSB- on the DVD -RSB- are chock-a-block , they are still for a bad movie .
The end of the world movie to end 'em all , it turns out to be a sort of cross between the sci-fi camptacular When Worlds Collide and every previous Emmerich movie . Guilty pleasures galore .
Plausible plot points , great special effects and characters we care about . That 's really about all you need to enjoy this Apocalypse Wow !
Emmerich would be better off losing the pretense of respectability and embracing the B-movie showmanship that is clearly his strength .
Unbelievably dumb and sentimental movie .
Uno supone que presenciar el fin del mundo debería ser un evento realmente dramático , sin embargo estamos ante una película excesiva y ridícula que se parodia involuntariamente a sí misma .
My enthusiasm for 2012 is not because I think it 's high art with an important social message . Screw that % u2013 this movie is about pure spectacle , and it pulls that off fabulously .
There 's a whole world of destruction going on in the film 's ridiculously excessive special-effects sequences . But there 's a whole lot of entertaining going on , too .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Emmerich deals in crayon-kit characterizations and shots of famous monuments crumbling into dust
2012 is well made spectacle . It 's finely crafted trash . It 's in on the joke , and it 's laughing along with you .
2012 is reminiscent of yesteryear '80s shlock-tastic blockbusters -- total popcorn entertainment with ridiculous dialogue and impossible situations and special effects that will boggle the brain for a good two-plus hours .
there is a misanthropic rush to be had from watching all those cities getting destroyed real good .
I 'm curious , just a bit , about what goes on in the mind of Roland Emmerich . Does he know that he makes some of the best comedies ever written ?
As with `` Independence Day , '' `` 2012 '' is what comes of hiring legitimate actors to hawk hokum . And `` 2012 '' certainly is all cheese on wry , but it 's smart within its means as a palpable , if popcorn , lesson about parental and personal responsibility .
Pour le `` meilleur '' et pour le pire , le cinéaste allemand nous livre au bout de ces deux heures et demie de tapage et d'exubérance son oeuvre la plus aboutie à ce jour .
Train wreck . Car wreck . Plane wreck . Boat wreck . Please tell me you 've picked up on the common theme here people .
Gleefully over-the-top , this film takes the disaster movie pretty much as far as it can go
It 's missing the point to note that the patriotism on display in ' 2012 ' is embarrassingly shallow , as are Emmerich 's genuflections to the value of faith . This is not a movie of ideas , but one of visceral thrills . On that level it 's hardly inspired .
works best when it immerses us in the vulgar mayhem , rather than when it 's asking us to care too deeply
In the final forty-five minutes the movie starts to feel very long and played-out .
What 's so frustrating about `` 2012 '' is that it could have been a great action movie . If the special effects team can do their jobs , certainly better writers could have been hired . But no . Just try finding a surprise .
If you want to see the most incredible end-of-the-world footage rendered since Nic Cage 's Knowing , buy a ticket . Otherwise , it 'll look just fine on your television next year .
As the action becomes less fabulous and more repetitive over 2012 's 150 minutes , the philosophical debate ratchets up .
An Oscar-caliber cast and dazzling visual effects ca n't rescue this formulaic disaster flick from a script flooded with generic dialogue and preposterous plot points .
A more delightfully bad movie has n't been seen in all of 2009 .
... the farfetched beginning is such a turn-off that as the story becomes more credible , we do n't have much patience to forgive the absurdities that dominate the first half .
Emmerich 's desire to cram as many hairbreadth escapes and eternities of suspense as possible into one movie ultimately feels more like an eternity plain and simple .
The special effects are pretty special but the plot is a drag
Here 's a movie that 's dopey , cheesy and sometimes downright silly . But it 's a disaster movie . It 's supposed to be ridiculous .
It 's great to see Fred Astaire , er , Danny Glover back in the saddle as the President of the United States . It 's the first time America elected a President whose campaign slogan was ` I 'm too old for this s ** t. '
... two hours and forty minutes of the same action scene recycled over and over again ...
2012 is the expensive , large-scale version of the same spectacle presented by downmarket counterparts like the Final Destination and Saw franchises .
If they had just put a decent story with these fabulous special effects , this could have really been something special . `` 2012 '' could have done without so many of its characters like those two guys on the Love Boat .
2012 rarely convincingly places its stars in the midst of destruction .
Even though this movie 's running time of two and a half hours is about one hour too long , there 's still some pretty cool disaster stuff on the way .
2012 is so long , and its special effects are at once so outrageous and so thunderously predictable , that by the time I lurched from the theatre I felt that three years had actually passed and that the apocalypse was due any second .
It was your average D Day film with all the bells and whistles and while many will enjoy it , it could have been better .
2012 's cutting-edge CGI special-effects technology combine with the campy failings of the worst of the 1950 's B-movies making for an unlikely comedy of disaster-epic proportions .
After the deplorable ` Day After Tomorrow ' I was n't expecting much , but this is an entertaining movie with mind-boggling special effects .
With a planet sized disaster film , there are nation sized holes to pick at if you choose , but there 's a world of fun to be had if you sit back and let the destruction wash over you in this fantastical , mind blowing visual feast .
A boring , stupid , overlong , obnoxious , soulless piece of Hollywood `` product . ''
Spectacular special effects and one of the dumbest screenplays of the year .
2012 is a fun ride , so long as you do n't think about how silly it all is .
Primal , not tactful
Emmerich does n't mess around when intent on messing up the world for good . But his pop apocalypse multiplying man 's worst fears , always goes down easy with a side order of popcorn . Apocalypse Wow .
An eye-popping , insult to the intelligence strictly for the kiddies and crackpot doomsday enthusiasts .
It 's pointless to fault ' 2012 ' for being silly or perpetuating scientific and historic baloney . Instead , the new movie 's unforgivable transgression is that it fails to make any of the apocalyptic destruction fun .
Amazing special effects assume the starring role here , but cast members also deserve recognition for adding a humanistic touch to this over-the-top disaster movie .
There 's a dash of Tibetan mysticism , a soupcon of comeuppances , and one family discovering what is really important . Take it for what it is and leave logic to fend for itself
... 2012 's relentless emphasis on destruction ensures that most viewers will inevitably walk away satisfied .
The movie never takes its foot off the accelerator , leaving the viewer with little time to breathe . You will be sorry if you have to take a bathroom break .
Throw in bits and pieces from all other disaster movies , up the global destruction ante , turn on the waterworks -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- and you 've got 2012 .
There 's a calamity far greater than the disintegration of the Earth 's core that dooms the film ' 2012 , ' it 's a lesser known phenomenon that most disaster films are smart enough to steer away from ... the magic of ` star power . '
Despite gasp worthy special effects , ' 2012 ' clunks along with yakety , cliched speeches and a familiar aka cliched plot that taps into virtually every disaster flick ever produced .
The Ron Jeremy of disaster porn .
There 's nothing to root against , no recipient to rage against the dying of the light . There 's only the spectacle of the world crumbling and the dreary aftermath of cleaning up what 's left .
2012 director Roland Emmerich never met a landmark he did n't want to crush with a digitized fireball , boulder or avalanche .
Easily the best bad movie in years , 2012 is hilariously over the top .
Formulaic and frenzied , it 's a spectacular but ultimately silly blast , drawing on every cataclysmic disaster movie you 've ever seen for its Noah 's Ark flood concept .
A double-stuffed , hysterical success that demands to be seen on the biggest screen you can find . If you can keep from busting up during the part with the helicopter and the giraffe , you may be a robot .
2012 is no disaster movie , it 's a high-rent remake of The Parent Trap .
The money shots are there in spades for 2012 . It 's utterly unbelievable but a blast to watch . And on a big screen , it 's pretty impressive .
... goes on so long it starts to feel like the fifth piece of chocolate cake when two or three would have been more enjoyable .
The bad news : The world as we know it has come to an end . The good news : Mommy 's new boyfriend was squashed in the gears of a giant high-tech ark , so Daddy 's back in the picture !
-LSB- Nothing -RSB- will give you more respect for how difficult it is to be an actor than watching top talent like John Cusack , Chiwetel Ejiofor , Amanda Peet and Oliver Platt struggling to treat the film 's ungodly language and situations with perfect seriousness .
The world will end not with a whimper , but a bang - and another bang , and another bang , and another ...
To put it as simple as humanly possible , if you decide to go see one of director Roland Emmerich 's end-of-the-world films you should know exactly what you are getting into .
It 's over two-and-a-half hours of Roland Emmerich simulating the experience of the `` ID4 '' dog outrunning the fireball . It 's slaphappy ludicrousness taken to an epic level .
2012 does answer the question of what a filmmaker with no great attachment to logic does when he ca n't choose between instruments of destruction . The answer : he exploits them all .
As always in Emmerich 's rollicking Armageddons , the cannon speaks with an expensive bang , while the fodder gets afforded nary a whimper .
This is fear-mongering , sentimental , horror show shtick , but it 's also fairly competent , making 2012 a work of awful efficiency
-LSB- J -RSB- ust as the cyclones and tsunamis of The Day After Tomorrow ultimately succumbed to a bad case of narrative frostbite , 2012 's ludicrous thrills begin burning themselves out by the movie 's midpoint .
At the end of the day -LRB- oops , a rash choice of words -RRB- , go for the great effects . And stay for the unintended laughs . Though it 's for all the wrong reasons , this film is highly entertaining .
If the viewer were ever invited to think or feel about what 's happening on-screen , the movie 's wow-whoa-ain ` t-it-cool momentum would collapse in a heap of horrific preposterousness .
Sound idiotic ? Preposterous ? You bet . But 2012 delivers the disaster-movie goods better than any other popcorn movie we 've seen since the '80s .
As you might expect with director Roland Emmerich , the movie is n't a patch on the trailer .
Despite the frenetic action scenes , the movie sags , done in by multiple story lines that undercut one another and by the heaviness of its conceit .
Why does Roland Emmerich enjoy killing off humanity ?
Even if most of the Earth were to be destroyed by a natural cataclysm predicted long ago by the ancient Mayans , director Roland Emmerich would surely survive , if only to crawl back and polish off what little was left .
It is as if screenwriters Roland Emmerich , who also directed , and Harald Kloser simply screened earlier films and borrowed bits and pieces .
2012 is straight ahead smash the world to smithereens while a cadre of characters placed in soap opera situations deliver unintentionally laughable lines .
Fundamentally terrible , but almost irresistibly entertaining . Its horrors get a tad monotonous in the mid-section , but it 's still a value-for-money hoot .
Congratulations , John Cusack ! You star in the worst movie of the year !
Bigger , louder , crazier and more wildly exhilarating than anything previously attempted .
... Roland Emmerich has done it again - he has delivered a movie that can pass for either a sunny atrocity or a brilliant black joke .
It 's the end of the world as escapism . It 's an event movie . It 's daft . The visual effects are amazing . See it on a big screen .
You do n't get off a rollercoaster and complain about the lack of storytelling .
The scenes of destruction composed by Emmerich 's team -- earthquakes , tsunamis , rains of earth and fire -- have an enveloping majesty ; they transcend mere expensive photorealism and cross over into art.
2012 , a near three-hour movie built entirely out of special effects set pieces and join-the-dots characterisation .
The latest end-of-the-world effort from director Roland Emmerich , who there but for the grace of God goes Michael Bay .
160 minutes of this nonsense is at least 90 minutes of back story too many .
The audience paid for money shots , and money shots are what they get .
The crowning achievement in Emmerich 's long , profitable career as a destroyer of worlds .
Emmerich 's vision of global huddling and new-dawn optimism has a harebrained naivety you almost want to treasure , but that 's this idiot behemoth of a film all over : dim , dim , dim , and so absurdly overscaled that we 're not supposed to mind .
Packages the disaster-happy director 's greatest hits into one cataclysmic picture .
This is n't disaster porn , it 's a disaster gang-bang .
2012 is terrible , lazy , Hollywood trash . It is completely unoriginal with no structure , a script akin to having a drill put through your eardrum and a talented ensemble cast who are so obviously going through the motions .
It feels about 2012 minutes too long , a bloated epic that outstays its welcome long before the credits have rolled .
A cheesefest on an epic scale , 2012 is a case of computer processors working overtime to compensate for a lack of action on Emmerich and co-writers Harald Kloser 's word processor .
Se a morte de seis bilhões de pessoas ajudar uma criança a abandonar as fraldas , não terá tudo valido a pena ?
158 minutes represents a heavy investment in time and popcorn . But the unrelenting pace , almighty effects and sheer tongue-in-cheekiness make it more than worth your while .
Had Emmerich whittled down his overstocked cast and downsized the soap opera , this really would have been a case of Apocalypse Wow . If you 've an appetite for destruction , though , it 'll still send you home with a smile on your face .
Only a movie critic without a sense of humor would question whether you could really drive a limo straight through a collapsing skyscraper ... or whether the Dalai Lama really owns a pickup truck .
How is it possible that a $ 250 million film can be less effective on it 's audience than the $ 11,000 Paranormal Activity . The film is laughably bad .
Preposterous ? You bet . But 2012 delivers the disaster-movie goods better than any other popcorn movie we 've seen since the '80s .
This oafish epic about the End of Days -- as predicted by the Mayan calendar -- operates in a dead zone roughly equidistant between parody and idiocy .
If the world had actually ended two hours into the film we 'd all be discussing how awesomely stupid 2012 was in heaven .
I could fairly describe the 2012 plot as follows : The highest-paid members of an indifferent cast survive the massive floods and giant fireballs that cause our planet 's destruction .
2012 is a Roland Emmerich movie , so that means the world collapses while actors try to find a safe place to speak their inane dialogue .
The movie is an undeniable visual spectacle , but just as unequivocally a cheesy , ridiculous story .
Master of Disaster Roland Emmerich lives down to his reputation with what amounts to the biggest snuff film of all time .
The script is nonsensical and while the actors do their best they are , inevitably , dwarfed by the breathtaking visual effects . Emmerich has outdone himself this time ; this is a film that makes Independence Day look modest .
If you want massive spectacle , an orgy of disaster-movie clichés and schadenfreude run riot , you wo n't be disappointed . Cinematic popcorn does n't come poppier , cornier -LRB- or cheesier -RRB- than this .
The effects ring curiously hollow since the human side of the film is so undeveloped ... Heed my warning and avoid this massive turkey .
An astonishingly impressive and entertaining disaster movie ... one of the must-see films of the year .
Thrilling , but not earth-shattering .
In the proud tradition of Roland Emmerich movies , `` 2012 '' is incredible in every sense of the word : totally not credible , and yet hugely entertaining .
Roland Emmerich is an apocalypse chef . In 2012 he cooks America till it boils , adding live meat to the process at judicious intervals .
In between the explosions and quakes you sometimes hear snatches of the script , and then wish you had n't .
Complete codswallop but perversely entertaining .
Emmerich confidently controls his marathon ; teasing you with a street crack here , a supermarket tremor there , before going for all-out , balls-to-the - all world destruction . Effects truly do n't get more special than this .
If 2012 is an apotheosis of all disaster movies , that means it 's also an apotheosis of all disaster-movie clichés .
2012 may be the biggest disaster movie ever made , an awesome and ridiculous film that leaves you thrilled beyond the point of your natural endurance .
It is better that the world ends here , right now , this instant , in a calamitous and civilization-decimating apocalypse before anyone else has to suffer through the disaster of a disaster film that is 2012 . You 'll thank me later .
-LSB- Emmerich 's -RSB- most cliched , predictable , overblown , special FX-milking EPIC yet .
2012 delivers everything you could possibly want from a blockbuster disaster movie .
Disaster movies ca n't get any bigger than this -LRB- until Emmerich makes a film about Earth crashing into Mars or something -RRB- . But it 's fair to say they can get a whole lot better .
Five stars for the effects , three stars for everything else .
Emmerich attempts to outdo himself in every reel , but the end result is too long , too cheesy and too lacking in self-awareness to be the brain-off , block-busting thrill ride it should have been .
A graceless mess that will insult the intelligence of everyone who encounters it , even those who were actually looking forward to seeing it in the first place .
This may be one of the dumbest disaster films ever made , but they sure do blow up things real good .
Emmerich and Kloser do n't know when to quit , the last half hour in particular such a wet noodle slog of turgid awfulness any good will I might have had disappeared just about as quickly as California did into the gurgling waters of the Pacific .
Step right up and prepare to be mesmerized , bowled over , and generally blown away by Roland Emmerich 's 2012 , a movie that is guaranteed to be the last word on impending cinematic Armageddon for the foreseeable future .
If you 're looking for some wicked-cool visuals and destruction on a scale that even Emmerich has never put on screen before , then 2012 is for you . Plot and character development ? Move along , nothing to see here .
Parental Content Review
those signposty speeches allow for a kind of logic amidst all the mayhem . And such mayhem !
At worst , it 's a gruesome , depressing subject as viewed from the seat of a passing roller coaster .
There 's so much ambitious spectacle , but it 's surrounded by so many lazy contrivances that one would want to gasp in astonishment if one were n't chuckling and groaning in aggravation so often .
2012 Offers Hope in the Face Of Spectacular Disaster .
2012 is a sideshow ride , a rollickingly good thrill until it loses momentum in the last act , but even so , at 158 minutes , there 's plenty of bang for your buck .
I ca n't believe I 'm saying this , but 2012 filmmakers should have hired Michael Bay as an artistic consultant . Yes , the same Michael Bay who made Transformers and Pearl Harbor .
It 's easy to mock throwaway blockbusters like 2012 , but as enthralling , mindless entertainment , the film is difficult to fault .
It depicts a world where no one , man or God , has much say in what happens to the planet , and where the survival of one family outweighs the deaths of billions . What does that say about us ?
If you feel like you 've seen all this genre has to offer , save your ten dollars and take comfort that you 're probably right .
Beware 2012 , which works the dubious miracle of almost matching Transformers 2 for sheer , cynical , mind-numbing , time-wasting , money-draining , soul-sucking stupidity .
The effects are expensive-looking and impressive enough while you 're watching them , although whatever awe they inspire does n't last long : When you 've seen one Washington Monument fall to bits , you 've seen them all .
People talk about `` formula '' almost always as a pejorative , but formulas get to be formulas because they work , and there 's something to be said for a formula picture done almost to perfection .
Cliched , bombastic , coincidental , corny and technologically implausible , `` 2012 '' is so silly it might be entertaining if it did n't go on so long .
Films of this sort are plotted shish kebab style : disaster , change of scenery , new disaster . But on the level of spectacle , 2012 is top-notch .
A very long , very loud , and very stupid disaster flick that apparently accomplishes what it set out to do , which was to be long , loud , and stupid .
The amount of inanity exceeds the quantity of the special effects ... and the movie is filled to the brim with them .
Roland Emmerich 's latest Irwin Allen-on-steroids disaster movie is the mother of all apocalypse movies , and it mostly satisfies ...
`` 2012 '' is yet another example of technological genius and story-telling mediocrity .
There are fates worse than death , and 2012 is one of them .
Hollywood 's most successful one-trick pony , Emmerich claims to favor `` human stories '' over end-of-the-world spectacle , but watching 2012 is like watching a sausage machine explode .
Emmerich wavers between shocking , silly , and maudlin like a toddler would fingerpaint with red , yellow , and blue .
I found myself reaching for a phantom video-game controller to help Our Heroes and Heroine defy certain death .
A preposterous , overlong mess that 's filled with cheesy dialogue and cliche-ridden characters .
Remarkably , `` 2012 '' does n't even really try to be profound , which is a good thing . All it tries to do is what it knows how to do best : entertain . At that , it comes up a winner .
Actors say silly lines with deadly seriousness . Exposition is wielded like a sledgehammer . All you can do is grit your teeth and wait for the next wave of destruction .
At 160 minutes , it 's too long . And this is n't exactly brainy fare . If you think too hard about this dopey science-fiction thriller , you 'll surely find fault with its physics and similarly sketchy plotting .
Too long by an hour and populated with nothing but stereotypes , we ultimately want the world to come to an end , if only so we can get up and go to the bathroom .
A state-of-the-art multiplex three-ring circus whose special effects stagger the senses and play like a video game , whose human drama aims for the cosmic and lands waist-deep in the Big Silly .
Any sentient viewer will be able to predict every lumpy twist of this ludicrous , fitfully enjoyable movie .
Now we know how the world ends -- with a whimper , a very loud whimper .
Giant-sized , explosive and technically astounding . This is no less than the end of the world Roland Emmerich is dealing with , and he tosses into the pot so much delirious spectacle that , yes , there are even kitchen sinks in sight .
-LRB- Many -RRB- will decry `` 2012 '' as a plotless , illogical , clichéd , demented popcorn flick -LRB- because it is -RRB- , but this is that rare case where the apocalypse , at least in terms of big-budget blown-up spectacle movie-making , is hardly the end of the world .
Sets a goal and slamdunks it , squeezing in so much fun that by the credits , I 'd forgotten about Woody Harrelson 's turn as a pickle-chomping AM radio meteorological messiah .
Independence Day began a game of landmark-destroying one-upmanship . Here , Emmerich takes the competition global , but the soundtrack 's organ-rattling low-end makes a deeper impact than the film 's visuals .
Like watching a Mexican soap opera with bad ass special effects .
I do n't think that , other than Zombieland and The Hangover , I 've laughed this hard all year , although I 'm sure the comedy in 2012 is 90 % unintentional .
Emmerich , though , is not fundamentally a funny filmmaker . He 's fundamentally cheesy , and there 's always something flat and phony to those few scenes meant to give his movies some modicum of humanity .
Perhaps writer-director Roland Emmerich was hoping for a so-bad-it 's - good cult status with his latest disaster flick .
Emmerich , Bay and their brethren need to learn how boring these CGI onslaughts have become . When we see 18 skyscrapers collapse and several dozen vehicles wreck at the same moment , what do we focus on ?
Thrilling , ridiculous -LRB- the script , by Emmerich and longtime co-writer Harald Kloser , is riddled with howlingly goofy lines and seriously improbable deus-ex-machina moments -RRB- , and just plain big , dumb fun .
The defining entrant in , and the nadir of , the disaster porn genre .
A soothing bath of Hollywood tropes and cliches .
Hokey happenstance , big special effects , some are pretty cool . It 's no masterpiece , makes embarrassing mistakes , but I must admit - I really enjoyed the raw excitement .
Emmerich was n't content to merely make the biggest disaster movie ever : he had to make every disaster movie ever ... -LSB- I -RSB- t 's like something Ed Wood would have made if he had a budget ...
Emmerich mounts an all-out assault on the world and on quality filmmaking with this bloated disaster flick
Aside from a couple solid action sequences , this bloated epic is exhausting instead of exciting and sentimental but not sad .
If , as is believed in certain fringe circles , the world will come to an end in 2012 , at least there will be no more movies like this one made .
I quite enjoyed the experience , at least the first five or six hours of it . 2012 is not simply the last disaster movie you ever need to see . It 's the last movie you ever need to see .
There are times when 2012 feels as if it is not going to end until 2012 ...
Doomsday is good therapy . What does it matter that billions die if that brings a family together in one big hug ?
This is fun . 2012 delivers what it promises , and since no sentient being will buy a ticket expecting anything else , it will be , for its audiences , one of the most satisfactory films of the year .
It 's the end of the world as we know it , and I feel ... like I have a headache .
It 's an exhausting , clumsy mess , and its moments of excitement are eventually toppled by the unstoppable tsunami of cheese .
All the outright silliness can be quite entertaining , but it 's unsatisfying to watch a movie spend so much time developing characters you ca n't possibly care about as you wait for Emmerich to throw in the next wave of destruction .
Terrible with no story , a god-awful cast led by the cursed Amanda Peet , and stale dialogue . Cheesy CGI .
Guilty pleasures do n't come guiltier than 2012 .
Sure the blu-ray DVD will look great on your home theater as ambient background for your next house party , but that 's about it .
Wow special effects and a top supporting cast ca n't override the numbing length of this best-of disaster movie blockbuster .
If you 're the kind of movie goer who will happily munch popcorn at the sight of the apocalypse , 2012 will do the trick just nicely . And nastily .
The Earth 's crust destabilizes , quakes and tsunamis run riot , and continents shift , opening up a chasm directly under Columbia Pictures , the folks who hired Roland Emmerich to direct the movie .
2012 's narrative is super-banal and so are its special effects .
For too much of the 2 1/2 - hour 2012 , the end is not near .
Are we meant to applaud when skyscrapers topple and ships capsize , with tiny digital faceless bodies plummeting into the void ? You make the disaster this real and it 's not entertaining or chilling .
A gargantuan mess .
After seeing 2012 I had to take a shower I felt so unclean . If 2012 succeeds , we 'll have the deluge of crap . It wo n't be the Rapture ; it will be the Evacuation .
Each CGI blow-out feels progressively more synthetic and wearing .
It 's big and cheesy and if you 're in the mood for a dose of exaggerated end-of-world chaos , this is the popcorn movie for you . Roland Emmerich has gleefully combined every possible disaster extreme with child-like enthusiasm : massive visual effects
Like all its predecessors , this carefully choreographed entertainment offers nothing new . But there sure is a lot of it .
The two-hour-and-40-minute 2012 is overstuffed with special-effects , but the Curtis clan 's mad dash out of town is the closest the movie gets to actually being fun .
Eye-popping special effects ensure that this movie will be a smash hit , and while it 's entertaining for most of its excessive running time , the cheesy script fails to live up to the grandeur of the physical production .
A deliriously ludicrous , guilty pleasure of a blockbuster in which the end of the world is turned into a two-and-a-half-hour rollercoaster ride .
On any level other than as sheer visual sensation , 2012 is a joke , for the simple reason that it has no point of view .
`` You 'll be thoroughly entertained throughout , but hate yourself for liking it afterwards ''
Roland Emmerich has thrown everything imaginable at the screen in this mother -LRB- nature -RRB- of all destruction flicks .
Roland Emmerich provides the next entry in the `` Apocalyptically Disastrous '' subgenre of mega-blockbuster cinema , following up Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen with an equally soulless depiction of life at the end of the world .
Apocalypse new ? No such luck : more like apocalypse same ol' .
Roland Emmerich 's 2012th epic disaster movie to date -LRB- give or take -RRB- is spectacularly loud , laughably ludicrous and insanely entertaining for all the wrong reasons .
This movie is a disaster . At least it would be if it did n't fall into the `` so bad it 's good '' category .
Size matters : a winter popcorn movie and guilty pleasure , this mass entertainment of mass destruction is not one coherent story but a calculated , cliche-ridden , often humorous pastiche of all the disaster movies made in Hollywood .
`` Sit Down and Buckle Up ! ''
It 's easy to scoff at the over-reliance of CGI in contemporary cinema but for a film like this it 's part and parcel of the whole , and computer generated effects have never before been used as spectacularly .
Terrible ; wonderfully terrible .
Emmerich supposedly spent $ 260m to give you the biggest experience for your ticket dollar and in this regard , he has succeeded tremendously , while , intentionally or otherwise , also delivering one of 2009 's best comedies .
I enjoyed `` 2012 '' for its mother-of-all-disaster-movie pretensions and amazing special effects .



@highlight

Roland Emmerich 's 2012 provides plenty of visual thrills , but lacks a strong enough script to support its massive scope and inflated length .