With just enough thinking to be thoughtful and just enough danger to feel dangerous , it 's a rare balancing act that any film works as well as this does .
It is perhaps appropriate that the last time we will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- ever have to look at Kevin Spacey 's smug face is in a film that is as equally proud of itself .
Breakneck auto action matched with a stirring sound track , plus a freshly conceived central character -- this joy ride will keep a hip audience strapped to their seats .
But whether you 're in it for the music or just for the ride , Baby Driver is an entertaining car movie with an engine and a beat .
It 's a movie that does n't take itself too seriously , but has serious elements . When the two come together , they actually come together quite well .
This is quite possible the best film -LSB- Edgar Wright -RSB- has ever made .
Edgar Wright 's pedal-to-the-metal plus needle-to-the-vinyl action movie is a love letter to the never obsolete wonders of fast cars , pop music and crafty commercial/personal filmmaking .
It 's a real treat to see such a fantastic cast bounce off one another like they do here .
It sounds like every noir-tinged crime movie since the 40s , but its a canny reconfiguration of boilerplate elements , made special by the way it taps into our music-saturated culture , using iPods and earbuds to fashion a seductive fantasy world .
Turns out that this film is a crime actioner wrapped in a quirky musical rom-com , with music and songs informing nearly every scene .
With Elgort channeling a pouty James Dean and mean Kevin Spacey at his very best , Baby Driver delivers the creativity this summer 's films have been lacking .
Wright has made a movie that showcases his incredible moviemaking talents and should be instantly included in the conversation with the best car chase/heist movies of all time .
It 's actually a drive-in movie made with art house élan .
Baby Driver is the first movie of its kind and anything else that follows -LRB- unless it 's also directed by Edgar Wright -RRB- will only be a pale , soulless , bland imitation
Wright has tapped a fuel-injected line into cinematic innovation . It 's supercharged storytelling at its best .
Wright 's ensemble cast has great comedic timing that , coupled with the percussive score and smooth action setpieces , will you ready to peel out of the local theater .
... a game-changer for the genre .
Baby Driver may not quite hit the heights of Shaun or Hot Fuzz , but it 's bursting with invention , stunning action and killer tunes .
An exciting mixture of traditional car chase action and modern storytelling conventions .
Fast-paced , exhilarating and impeccably-cast , this action feature is one of the year 's best offerings .
Its obnoxious title aside , Edgar Wright 's Baby Driver is possibly the heist , action film that modern pop culture was waiting for .
Wright seems to be taking notes from Quentin Tarantino for his use of pop music to provide an aural bed of energy for the story to glide on . The problem is that Edgar Wright is n't anywhere near as gifted as Tarantino ...
Baby Driver is a great experiment in the heist-movie genre and with director Edgar Wright behind the wheel , you 're sure to have a smooth ride .
A playlist does not a movie make .
... it 's a breath of fresh air . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hot-Rod heaven .
... the epitome cool ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It turns out to be one of the surprise treats of the summer . There are moments when it 's so achingly cool , stylish or technically brilliant -LRB- and occasionally all three at once -RRB- you want to stand up and applaud .
It 's appropriate that Baby Driver is a quasi-jukebox musical-one whose marriage of jukebox and diner has been ingrained in the consciousness of American moviegoers .
Hands down , the most thrilling , exhilarating , charming and original thing to hit screens in an age .
Both Ansel Elgort and Lily James are talents on the rise , and deservingly so . There 's something quite classic about them , and they bring a real presence to roles that could have been fun but superficial .
Wright has affectionately lampooned the horror and action genres in the past , but Baby Driver proves he is now a legitimate action director in his own right .
Baby Driver feels like Wright is elevating his own game , while tipping his hat to a host of his fellow big-league players .
For a film that desperately throws everything on that screen , it leaves you wanting quite a bit more .
An original project in a world full of sequels and remakes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Baby Driver is so poorly written on levels of plot , characterization and -LRB- especially -RRB- dialogue that Wright 's typically first-rate craftsmanship fails to save it-and , in context , even becomes its own source of annoyance .
If I call the film a particularly clear-cut example of style over substance , I am agreeing that the film turned out exactly the way writer-director Edgar Wright planned it .
For the rest , on a dramatic level , Baby ... is a total failure : I could not have been less interested in the fate of the hero ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A classic story with an amazing energy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Edgar -RSB- Wright 's love letter to the American cinematic tradition of cars and guns is an undeniable blast .
For all its attempts at juxtaposing Baby 's sweet dreams with the hard-core aspirations of the movie 's band of miscreants , Baby Driver has no more staying power than an air kiss . The longer it goes on , the more fleeting its fleetness becomes .
Baby Driver is the kind of bad boy that our mothers -LRB- and electric car enthusiasts -RRB- are always guilt-tripping us over . Which means you 'll only love it more .
Writer/director Edgar Wright 's meticulousness and mastery takes a keen eye on first viewing to get a hint at the level of fastidious planning that went into every aspect of the film .
An extremely original thriller , an action movie that , unlike most productions Hollywood releases year after year , left me excited and eager to run , drive , and yes , listen to music . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Baby Driver is another example -LRB- a practically perfect one -RRB- that cinema must be fresh and new , not the repetitive monstrosity in which it has become . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Baby Driver has more soul and also better action than innumerable movies of the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film so entertaining that you will want to see it more than once . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The director , with his enthusiasm overwhelmed to impress the audience with his technical tricks and his impeccable editing work , extends the story unnecessarily and ends up offering a daring denouement . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Terrific , character-driven action comedy ... Wright again shows his mastery of blending comedy with high-octane action .
The film is not going to give you some great insight into the condition of man , but it is going to get you walking out the cinema with the urge to burn some rubber .
Baby Driver is a hoot . It 's also ridiculous bordering on preposterous , but it 's the giddiest you 'll feel in the theatre all summer .
It may have been an excellent Hollywood entertainment film , but it ended up being slightly better than The Fast and The Furious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The joy of Baby Driver is that , though you 've seen versions of this story before , many times over , you 've never seen it done quite like this .
For the film , the ringing sound is an alarm : once the music stops , beware . The soul of Baby Driver dies with it .
Baby Driver is a strikingly adventurous and bold action film .
Even if you 're not usually into movies featuring high-speed car chases and gratuitous violence - you 'll want to give this one a shot .
Hiding the emptiness and the hollowness of the story underneath a flashy hood of hits and misses , Baby Driver shines when moving at top speed .
Baby Driver is a musical in its purest form ; it does n't matter if the characters do n't sing or dance - the movie does it for them . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Its blend of speed and music makes ` Baby Driver ' one of the year 's best films .
A toe tapping , tire burning , hard talking , yet heartfelt masterwork of sound and fury .
Baby Driver is a super fun action film that uses music as its hook as opposed to over-the-top stunts and special effects .
the action is where Wright 's film shines , as he puts the full pedal to the metal in returning us to the old-fashioned delights of real car chases through real streets with real cars doing seemingly impossible moves
Fans of Wright 's work will see plenty of Wright-isms here - the smash cuts , action cut to rock beats , nods to pop culture . That visual wit is now laid over a crime thriller .
America gives Wright his boss tunes , his cinematic influences and a ticket to ride . There 's also the risk of hubris attached to that freedom , as becomes apparent here .
Baby Driver is a mix of La La Land , Fast and the Furious , Reservoir Dogs and The Blues Brothers . It 's funny , exhilarating and entertaining , and definitely worth the ride .
I walked into Baby Driver wanting , maybe even expecting , to see a film that -- like everything else Wright has made -- would be the stuff of a future cult . What I got was a film that was trying way too hard to be cool .
The best thing about Baby Driver turns out to be its modest scale , favouring CGI-free action scenes filmed in broad daylight that feel downright refreshing .
It 's like La La Land meets Gun Crazy . With an irresistible dollop of humor and a dazzling show-off style .
The movie equivalent of a disposable toe-tapping pop song : mostly pumping , thumping fun , but it just ca n't play on forever .
-LSB- It -RSB- should appeal to almost every audience demographic : -LSB- it 's got -RSB- tragedy , comedy , romance , action , fast cars , violence , musical credibility and an impressive cast . If there 's one criticism , it is that Wright possibly drags things on a little too long .
A little style goes a long way . Sometimes it can even get you across the finish line .
It 's all bolted together like clockwork , an assemblage of elements designed to arouse and engage an audience that needs a reason to stop looking at their phones .
Almost every scene that does n't have a car or a gun in it is cringe-worthy , but as an aesthetic rush and a fun romp it 's worth taking in at the best cinema you can . You want to see and hear this thing properly .
Baby Driver is too much the soulless good boy doing bad things ; what it lacks in substance it ca n't hope to make up for in style .
A remarkable turn for -LSB- director -RSB- Wright who creates a pulp masterpiece
Baby Driver is , in a way , the natural culmination of the non-singing musical in recent years .
The action film with the heart of a musical . Ask your local cinema to play it loud .
As a storyteller and filmmaker , Edgar Wright has an uncanny knack for teasing the beautiful and whimsical out of even the most unlikely subject matter .
-LSB- Wright 's -RSB- latest film , Baby Driver , is the sort of rarity that grumps such as myself often complain Hollywood does n't make any more . Which is to say : a genuine original .
It 's this shifting narrative tone that makes Baby Driver one of the most effective anxiety-inducing films out there .
For a film so full of automotive iconography , it 's a conclusion that remains frustratingly in the middle of the road .
In Edgar Wright 's glibly stylish drama , bank raids and getaways are carefully choreographed in time to the music . This is mildly interesting at first , but fails to disguise the fact that this is a bog-standard genre picture .
In a nutshell , there is not enough of a sense of vulnerability or struggle to Baby , meaning we do n't really care that much what ultimately happens to him either way . This is a cardinal sin in the writing of any protagonist .
The influences are there , but Wright builds on and subverts them in his hugely entertaining movie , one of the most satisfying films of its type to emerge in quite a while .
In Baby Driver , what begins slow amps up towards the third act until the last chase sequence leaves us a bit breathless .
A gloriously entertaining epic obviously influenced by car-chase classics from Bullitt and Vanishing Point to Driver -LRB- especially -RRB- and The Blues Brothers but , nevertheless , just as obviously emanates from his pop-culture-crammed imagination .
Even with those reservations , I absolutely loved Baby Driver : the marvelous soundtrack , the blending of music and choreographed movement , the car scenes that are so exciting that I thought I was being fed megadoses of caffeine .
Justin Bieber meets James Dean and Route 66 will never be the same .
It takes a lot of effort to be effortlessly cool .
After eating exhaust fumes for the best part of two hours , this moviegoer left feeling decidedly queasy .
Baby Driver rewrites the four-wheeled film textbook on how to tear up tarmac with style , substance and spectacularly syncopated stunts that just never , ever let up .
From the very first chase sequence , the beauty in the heart-racing , dance-like choreography is evident and you 're totally engrossed . There 's no getting off this whirligig ride .
It 's been a while since we saw a crime thriller with such a healthy chance of making viewers smile .
At its best , it affects us like adrenaline mixed with laughing gas . But when Baby Driver , like the Energizer bunny , keeps going and going and going -LRB- as with half of Wright 's other films , it 's 20 minutes too long -RRB- , it manages to run on fumes .
A fairy tale for pop cultists , by a pop cultist .
Edgar Wright pumps up the jams in Baby Driver , the best car chase musical since The Blues Brothers . -LRB- Admittedly , it 's a narrow genre . -RRB-
A wonder during its first 30 minutes , but then does n't know how to handle the arrival of new ingredients . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Put in your metaphorical earbuds , turn the key in the ignition , and enjoy the cinematic highlight of the summer so far .
A typically erratic effort from Edgar Wright ...
It 's the incidentals that make Baby Driver something special , from the creatively conceived , meticulously scored car chases to the running joke about people 's names and their use in songs .
A musical more than a rubber-burner , Baby Driver is the La La Land of caper films , derivative and occasionally fun -- take that as praise if you loved La La Land .
An unadulterated auteur w ** k.
Fun and funny , if not especially deep , Baby Driver is a movie and music lover 's ultimate love letter to movies and music .
Wright assumes viewers are paying close attention and love obscure references and deep cuts . Thankfully , his obsessions are incurably contagious .
... the proverbial summer action movie , but done with enough wit and flair that you do n't feel like you 've seen it over and over again ...
High-concept and full of style , as well as brutal violence and hot cars , Baby Driver is the latest from writer-director Edgar Wright , and it 's a welcome piece of original filmmaking in a summer of been-there , done-that franchises .
... -LRB- some -RRB- in the audience wo n't be able to stomach the enormous plotholes in the script , but , for me , they were counterbalanced by the torrid pace . The romance is well done , due in large part to the scintillating performance of Lily James .
Wright glosses over some plot points in the interest of getting on with things , but the car chases are the point , and they 're terrific .
Amongst the deluge of summer blockbuster and extended universe releases , Baby Driver is a breath of fresh cinematic air .
Edgar Wright 's car-chase thriller has so much va-va-voom it will leave you grinning with pleasure .
Edgar Wright used to send up cinematic clichés with gusto and with huge humor . Here he just embraces them - and his sullen , unengaging hero - unironically .
Do n't believe the hype . This is one bad '' ` Driver . ''
A film that has a lot of style and attitude to be a big summer hit . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Superb stunt-driving , a sweet romance , a mess of cliché 's kaleidoscoped into hot-dang ! storytelling , and the only thing missing is Prince 's `` Baby Knows , '' and Patrick Swayze 's `` Nobody puts baby in a corner ! ''
Edgar Wright 's adrenaline-propelled , music-driven crime caper is a gas !
The man behind ` Hot Fuzz ' and ` Shaun of the Dead ' has come up with another dandy action film with a comic twist , but this is no parody . This is a cut above the standard crime action drama , aided by Edgar Wright 's comic touch .
It sometimes misses its target , but it certainly keeps on firing with high velocity .
Baby Driver is essentially one long shredding guitar solo of a film .
Here 's a prediction . First-year drama students will soon be Blu-Tacking the hell out of posters for Baby Driver , which will make Edgar Wright at once embarrassed and proud .
A roaringly high-octane crime movie reminiscent of the best of Quentin Tarantino .
While Wright is a master stylist , I 'm still not convinced he is a great storyteller .
It 's when the horns and drums of the Button Down Brass 's Tequila become gunfire , or the madness of Hocus Pocus by Focus drives a breathless chase , that Wright really puts his foot down , with exhilarating results .
Everything has rhythm in Edgar Wright 's Baby Driver , starting with its original premise , fresh execution and a soundtrack guaranteed to get pulses racing and feet tapping .
... the music is something you feel . Music connects every scene , connects every character , every action flows from Wright 's eclectic mix of tracks , all special in their own way .
Between the character dynamics , the vehicular stuntwork , and the carefully chosen soundtrack , Baby Driver clicks on all cylinders -- at least until it hits the homestretch .
Ansel Elgort bops around ` Baby Driver ' like ` Saturday Night Fever 's Tony Manero , with his ear buds semi-glued in . You keep expecting a few disco balls to pop into view while the Bee Gees let loose on the soundtrack .
Baby Driver is a nice twist on an old car chase , car crash , bullets flying everywhere and hitting everyone but the main characters genre . Fun flick .
Boisterous , crackerjack , bubblegum power-pop , adrenaline-stoking coolly-choreographed manic action , fragrant with delight in its own substantial craft , Edgar Wright 's zooming genre riff Baby Driver is an epic car-chase confabulation .
Baby Driver might not live entirely up to the hype , but that does n't make it any less wonderful , Wright once again showing he 's a fearless genre-busting directorial wunderkind who 's creative gas tank overflows in originality .
Baby Driver becomes an enjoyment for the palates of the connoisseurs and a joy for lovers of speed , shots , teen love stories , bastards dialogues and playlist wisdom . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Those who do give it a chance should find it to be the kind of pure cinematic adrenaline that will leave them giddy , thoroughly entertained and determined to rush off and tell someone about what they have just seen .
... the edits and camera swerves are completely in sync with the songs .
Baby Driver is a symphony of style , sound and story .
A genre-crossing masterpiece with music on the brain and burnt rubber in its soul
A pure visceral joy is written into the film 's many set pieces , which have been shot without too many special effects and rolled out at breakneck speed .
It works like a charm , especially when Wright 's alchemy is applied to some jaw-dropping chase scenes and in-camera car stunts that make the CGI cheating of the `` Fast and Furious '' franchise look like amateur night .
Go to the movies , sit down , be entertained for 113 minutes , crank up the car radio on the way home - with luck , on a perfectly clear summer night .
The astonishing fluidity with which -LSB- Wright -RSB- puts together the music , editing , and performances gives Baby Driver the sensation of riding in a high-performance car with just the right song coming over the speakers . The world seems to fall into place .
There are great movies you admire , and then there are great movies you admire that also make you deliriously happy . Baby Driver is the latter .
Besides the chase sequences , what makes Baby Driver go is the hot potpourri of personalities Baby gets paired with .
Edgar Wright picked the perfect actor to play Baby . Ansel Elgort slides into this character like it is a second skin .
Edgar Wright has been an influential presence in cinema and once again , he delivers in spades with Baby Driver rocketing upwards into the higher echelons as one of the best films to come out of this year .
This is the rare , unique entertainment that takes classic action tropes , and turbocharges them .
It 's a wild ride , a highly caffeinated tour de force filled with great action , lots of deadpan humor , and the kind of prevailing coolness that makes you want to drink espresso , troll vintage record stores , and watch old Steve McQueen films when it 's over .
It 's pure candy for the eyes and ears , impeccably staged by writer-director Edgar Wright . And we do n't mind much that there 's not much more to it than that .
Some of this film is a classic , and some of it 's heartlessly superficial . Wright 's obsessive cinephilia fuels both .
Visually inventive and meticulously edited , it 's as much a showcase for its characters on four wheels as those with two legs , providing a visceral excitement while toying with clichés .
Wright calibrates the noises of sirens , squealing brakes , even gunshots to participate in its pop-to-punk playlists , bringing new bursts of inspiration to familiar tracks .
Car-centric crime action is stylish , but shallow , violent .
In some ways , it feels like a step backward , considering the maturity and pathos that made his previous picture , ` The World 's End , ' one of his best . Still , you ca n't blame a director for wanting to pause his growth and play with his shiny Hollywood toys .
Fast , violent , and absurd - and the driving is a blast , performed by stunt drivers , not digital effects .
The only bad part of Baby Driver is the title .
With an intensely supercharged soundtrack driving the frantic editing in this way-cool heist flick , there is n't much fat left to gnaw off the bones by the time the action hits the curb in the final act .
Well worth seeing on the biggest screen with the best sound system possible .
Pedestrian is not the first word that springs to mind in connection with Edgar Wright 's films , but no one has better captured the pleasure of walking while listening to pop music .
The direction , cinematography , stunts , and soundtrack are the true star performers that make the film a fun ride . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
I 've never been to the opera , nor have I ever seen a 90-piece orchestra play Beethoven . But I imagine this - the action in this movie - is what it must feel like . Baby Driver is symphonic . It 's ecstatic . It 's hypnotic . When it soars , it soars .
A rollicking action/adventure/comedy / romance/musical that finds a dynamite angle and sticks with it . Here 's a film that 's fun , and totally unabashed about it .
Baby Driver is often very entertaining but brace yourself for the violence .
The disjointed plot of this fast and spurious jaunt frustrates at every corner taken in fifth gear .
Within its small failures it would be an act of irresponsibility not to recognize the merits of the electrifying Baby Driver . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Baby Driver is just good enough to highlight the many ways it could 've been a masterpiece .
I mean , hot dayum !
Too much works to get hung up on the misses - Wright 's film is an absolute blast .
Baby Driver is a blast of pure pop energy .
It takes a scant five minutes for Baby Driver to feel like one of the best car-chase films of all time .
What a fun and thrilling summertime romp
Oozing menace as addicted bank robbers , Jamie Foxx and Jon Hamm are all the more charismatic thanks to Bill Pope 's luscious noir photography . Credit Jonathan Amos and Paul Machliss for the razor-sharp editing .
Edgar Wright 's Baby Driver is one of the most entertaining thrill rides of this year , this decade .
Edgar Wright has delivered the film of the summer , and one of the best of the year , with Baby Driver , a heist movie that tips its hat to past classics while retaining an energy and style that 's steadfastly its own .
Baby Driver is an immersive thriller that seduces you to embrace its ridiculously fun excesses .
I found the movie 's slick , shiny surfaces entertaining to a point but once again wish this frustrating filmmaker would go as deep as his debut .
The car-chase movie reinvented ? Maybe , but it just has n't been reinvented enough .
England 's Edgar Wright , already a critical and cult favorite , casts a glorious summertime spell with Baby Driver , a speed - and music-propelled gangster saga that transforms into a coming-of-age character study .
This is summer action done right .
This is not a philosophy of criminology , or a new pathology of antisocial behavior , but it makes for a terrific night at the movies .
Remember the visceral excitement you felt the first time you saw De Palma 's Carrie , Scorsese 's Raging Bull or Tarantino 's Pulp Fiction ... ? Baby Driver induces the same reaction .
Wright 's movie delivers action that 's convincing and concrete - the cars seem real , even when the people do n't .
If you fancy lots of rock 'n' roll choices in your movies , the latest from Brit Edgar Wright seriously steps on the classical gas .
Elgort creates a thoroughly conflicted , likable character with all the vulnerabilities of a person befitting his youth who has to grow and grow up ridiculously fast .
Edgar Wright has an uncanny ability to identify these weird little snippets of pop culture detritus and not only sample them , but in the process give them soul .
As far as car chases go , Bullitt has no edge on this stylish fecal thriller .
It delights me to report that Baby Driver is a monumental f -- ing triumph . This is the best action movie of 2017 and the best thing Wright has done to date .
It 's a triumph . It 's as lightweight as a soufflé , yet as solid as a Ferrari . And it interweaves the inner and outer lives of its hero lightly but with real perception .
So fun , oddly romantic , and revitalizes the film soundtrack
Edgar Wright 's start to finish sensation is blessed with killer car chases , a star-making turn from Ansel Elgort , the year 's best soundtrack and the most fun you 'll have at the movies all summer .
Baby Driver is a frenetic , funky , fast and manic fun time at the movies you wo n't want to miss this summer .
In a summer of yet more synthetic blockbusters , Baby Driver feels entirely original . This is jukebox filmmaking , a wildly energetic movie whose characters behave in line with the songs that fill its soundtrack .
In Edgar Wright 's Baby Driver , even the machine guns fire in time with the beat .
If Walter Hill and Jean-Luc Godard had a movie baby , it 'd look just like Baby Driver -- but it would n't sound half as good .
The music helps distract viewers from the fact that they have no emotional investment in any of these characters or the story itself .
Edgar Wright 's crackling crime caper rises to the top of this summer 's most entertaining movies . It satisfies my need for speed , baby .
Lurching between mind-boggling car chases and a cliched young love subplot , the film starts strong and ends weak - both exhilarating and disappointing - but worth seeing for its razzle-dazzle , if mindless , action .
Baby Driver is an exhilarating and tense thrill ride that 's infectious with its high-octane energy , sheer creativity , and strong performances .
Summer can finally start now : Baby Driver is that blast of energy we 've all been waiting for .
It 's like a mediocre crime thriller crossed with several very good music videos .
Driven by an infectious soundtrack and revved up action , ` Baby Driver ' is a gas !
... there is a sequence at the beginning of the film that is pure `` Singin ' in the Rain '' magic . It 's a fantastic , absolutely fantastic car chase set perfectly to a pop tune .
Baby Driver is sweet fantasy , unlike more violent and existential vehicular visions such as Drive or Bullitt . That means its two-bit thieves and criminal masterminds -LRB- Jamie Foxx , Jon Hamm , Kevin Spacey -RRB- are enjoyably cartoonish .
The car chase scenes are the guts of this oddball movie , and they do n't disappoint .
A common criticism of blockbusters these days is a perceived lack of wit or invention -- the sense that big budgets and special effects are often used to paper over fundamental cracks . Baby Driver is an antidote to that feeling .
Wright builds his script on the back of a killer soundtrack .
Baby Driver should be seen simply because it is such a bold and wonderful idea . That 's why I kind of hate to say that it does n't pull it off fully .
Baby Driver winks at our obsession with money and power , without actually winking at all . The film 's palpably sincere heart saves it from being smarmy , and Wright 's direction keeps the emotional arcs predictable , but pure .
It 's the kind of action-comedy that makes you want to see it again a second after it 's over .
Action lovers will be impressed by the film 's choreography and live stunts , one driver entering and exiting a narrow alley with 180 degree spins .
It 's a crazy feature , but not consistently so , strangely applying the brakes when the viewing experience is best served at top speed with blazing music .
Underneath Baby Driver 's hood is the sweetest on-screen romance in ages .
Having hooked us with style , Wright knows he has to deliver on the story , and he does . His plotting is tight and fluid , wild and ultimately satisfying .
`` Baby Driver '' somehow maintains a tone of sweetness even as bullets fly , blood spurts , and gears are stripped . In fact , the movie feels like Tarantino minus the sleaze .
Cleverly blends elements of True Romance and Drive . Its cult status seems assured .
Fast and Curious action flick driven by cool playlist , hot wheels , and style for miles . Love the soundtrack , baby .
All you really need to know about Baby Driver is that it 's the best film of the year so far , hands down .
Edgar Wright has little time for genre restrictions . Baby Driver is a unique and engaging presentation that avoids obvious comparisons .
Never before has an action thriller been this well executed or wildly entertaining .
`` Baby Driver '' is the `` Bullitt '' for a new generation of moviegoers almost 50 years later .
Arguably spins out of control in the last act , but overall it makes for a wild ride that provides the sort of juice you 'd expect from a top-of-the-line muscle car .
It 's a fun genre mashup that 's also rather disposable , offering quick surges of pleasure akin to the cavalcade of tasty pop , rock and R&B songs that litter the soundtrack and provide the film 's heartbeat .
If the use of music is a gimmick , it 's a remarkably well-executed one , successfully transforming the familiar material into something buoyant and new .
Walk or take public transit to the theater , as the urge to drive recklessly on your way home will likely prove overwhelming .
A hit of speed and cartoonish amusement , smoothly chauffeured on to the screen by Edgar Wright , the man behind Hot Fuzz .
It 's an action musical . It 's a crime tragicomedy . It 's awesome .
The results are both familiar and fresh .
Wright has a peerless skill in syncing up his images to the beats and rhythms of a diverse soundtrack , giving new life to tracks that have long seemed exhausted
Wright takes his foot off the floor here and there in the second half with too much yapping , but otherwise the mix of hardboiled and heartwarming is just right .
As charming as Baby Driver strives to be , the appeal starts to curdle once Wright makes his fetishistic aims clear .
There 's nothing like an epic getaway chase to kick a movie into high gear , and the first five minutes of Baby Driver are pure movie magic .
Although Baby Driver is technically a heist/chase film , what it 's really about is how much in love Wright is with what movies can do .
The band Spacemen 3 once titled an album `` Taking Drugs to Make Music to Take Drugs To '' ... Edgar Wright , a major record-head , might appreciate this comparison : He makes movies out of ideas that are too crazy to make movies out of .
Baby Driver finds Wright directly in his wheelhouse -- reverently and knowingly deploying genre tropes with visual style and musical panache -- and his enthusiasm is apparent in each and every frame .
When Baby Driver gets its engines revved up , it owns the road .
Baby Driver is wild , violent , often very funny and hugely inventive . Wright puts you right in the driver 's seat with Baby for spectacular car escapades , but the characters and conversations he creates are just as gripping .
-LSB- Baby Driver -RSB- is very savvy about pop music and pop culture , and it has a number of thrilling car chase sequences . But those are side items , not main courses , and you ca n't put dessert before the meal . It winds up driving in circles .
This is movie craftsmanship and showmanship of a very high order .
Wright has orchestrated every swerve and near smashup -- and one glorious foot chase -- with precision , a rarity in action filmmaking these days .
As sharply executed as a hairpin turn , Baby Driver is a crackling-good ride , one that organically weaves music and humor into a slick showcase for its cast .
It 's less a movie than a feature-length exercise in editing and sound design . While that makes for a thrilling picture , the overall result is a movie that feels empty .
Bleeding a special cinematic language while being brilliantly unique , it 's put together unlike anything you 've seen before
Fasten your seatbelts . This one is pedal to the metal all the way home .
Baby Driver comes across like Grand Theft Auto -LRB- the game , not the film -RRB- as directed by Stanley Donen . It 's that much fun . It has that much profundity .
A welcomed shot of adrenaline and great music at the movies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film is a whole lot of fun in an inventive package .
The result is easily one of the best rides of the summer .
a winning composition
There 's much to enjoy in `` Baby Driver , '' including the satisfactions of genuine cinematic craft and technique , qualities that moviegoers can no longer take for granted .
The Italian director Bernardo Bertolucci was once credited with making `` intravenous cinema '' , but there 's no better imaginable description of Baby Driver , which seems to shoot directly from the screen into your arteries .
It 's been a week since I saw `` Baby Driver , '' and I 'm still pleasantly buzzed .
The adrenaline high of this clean getaway lasts for days .
Wright takes music video literalization to breathtaking heights . Baby Driver does n't operate from its hero 's point of view but rather his point of hearing , essentially the same thing . Wright 's ingenious approach literally turns the genre on its ear .
I will not penalize a good movie for merely being good .
What a rush .
A subtly innovative blend of cars , guns , music and old-school cool , it 's also one of those increasingly rare creatures in Hollywood : an undeniably original movie .
Wright does n't simply apply technical precision and innovation to genre-smart storytelling - he also makes what must be exhausting work look like so much fun .
Almost like a radical movie musical , as if La La Land collided with Mad Max by way of Quentin Tarantino .
Everything in Baby Driver , from the rubber-on-road action scenes to the expositional conversations , is its own kind of set piece , engineered to hit pleasure centers with homing-missile accuracy .
Wright 's idea is to grab you by the throat from the beginning and never let go . He is consistent and mostly successful in this aim .
Baby Driver is an indelible cinematic sugar rush and is further proof that Edgar Wright is the true saviour of popcorn cinema .
Edgar Wright puts pedal to the metal , delivering a genre-spin that 's colossal entertainment .
Baby Driver is filled with fascinating characters who could all be the focus of their own movies .
Wright secured the rights to the songs before he started production , then shot and edited the sequences to match the rhythm and energy of the tunes , the effect is often electrifying .
After seeing Baby Driver , every other action movie - no matter the high production value and star power - will just seem lazy .
With Wright in the driver 's seat , your standard getaway driver story is transformed into a giddy , adrenaline-filled joyride that 'll leave you gripping the edge of your seat and tapping your feet .
When all cylinders are pumping , Baby Driver is an enchanting experiment that puts the pedal to the metal . And even a few off notes ca n't stop the beat of Wright 's fast and furious symphony .
Wright edits the film almost perfectly to the music , creating a kinetic rush of a cinematic experience .
The coolest movie of the summer .
It 's cute , to be sure , but is it anything more than that ? Maybe it does n't have to be .
The regrettable truth is that Baby 's a dull boy .
An exciting , gleeful movie .
Arrives like the Calvary to save our depressingly franchise-heavy summer movie season .
Just what you want a summer movie to be .
Put up against -LSB- Wright 's -RSB- earlier work , it wilts .
Fueled by a retro soundtrack and an anarchic spirit , Baby Driver is like Drive on speed .
Wright is savvy enough to realize that suspense and tension require characters that are more than human figures in a CGI playground . He does just enough with the men and women populating Baby Driver for us to get a sense of who they are .
Feels both influenced by the modern era of self-aware , pop-culture filmmaking and charmingly old-fashioned at the same time , which is only one of its minor miracles .
Baby Driver is a music-driven , adrenaline-pumping ballet of sight and sound that needs to be seen on the big screen to fully enjoy .
A high-wire , hyper-cool , adrenaline-fueled fusion of music , action and ecstasy . There has never been anything quite like what writer-director Edgar Wright has accomplished .
Baby Driver is a turbo-charged action classic .
The movie is a foot-tapping , sing-a-long gas , though , like many a summer movie before it , it 's best if you do n't spend too much time reflecting on its twists and turns , or expect much emotional involvement .
Edgar Wright put a YA storyline into a heist plot . Unfortunately , sweet Elgort - a criminal - has no dark edges . Baby has 8 out of 10 symptoms of Asperger 's Syndrome .
All of this is great fun .
A grand entry into more straightforward American genre film-mixing by Wright , while still maintaining all the things we 've loved about his previous movies .
Baby Driver literalizes Edgar Wright 's fascination with people 's emotional overreliance on pop culture as a cover for arrested development .
-LSB- A -RSB- curious , coddling delight .
By using music as a way to tell us about character and emotions , Wright is n't simply doing cool stuff with the soundtrack . He 's showing us something that 's both beautiful and tragic about his protagonist . He gives us a movie you 'll want to put on repeat .
Loads of fun , Baby Driver gives a great ride .
Baby Driver is certainly an entertaining ride but when you pop the hood there 's not much under its shiny surface .
You do n't just leave this 112-minute movie smiling ; you leaved so pumped and energized , you may just want to turn around , strap in and take the sweet ride all over again .
If not the best movie of the year , it 's definitely the most fun . The premise may be familiar , but we 've never seen it done quite like this before .
Forget your comic books and sci-fi sequels . THIS is the movie of the summer .
Probably the best film in cinema history whose plot is driven by a young man 's tinnitus . I dare any other studio to have a better soundtrack this year .
This is the first thriller I 've seen in a long time that feels handmade .
An awe-inspiring piece of filmmaking from Edgar Wright . Sweet , funny and utterly original - you wo n't see a film like it this year .
It zips along at a fast pace , cruising on cool characters and a nifty knack for nailing every beat in every scene .
The relationship between music and motion proves the defining attribute of Edgar Wright 's thrilling latest .
Baby Driver proves once again that Edgar Wright is a creative genius and can take on any genre and knock it out of the park .
Baby Driver is hopefully the first in a long line of experimental films from accomplished auteur Edgar Wright .
Baby Driver is exhilarating , fantastically entertaining , and mildly frustrating , all at the same time . Wright 's directorial execution has never been better , and he 's able to construct chase sequences that put the Fast and Furious series to shame .
With Baby Driver , Edgar Wright is officially five-for-five , a rare accomplishment in filmmaking and one that basically guarantees his elevation to all-timer status .
Even though the story is n't as impactful as its stylized packaging , Wright creates a delightful new film that is sure to satisfy his legions of fans .
Tapping less into emotions and more into adrenaline and wonder , it 's more style than substance , but oh , what style !
Equal parts slapstick and visceral thrills , but never too far from a reality check .
The movie exists in this dreamlike state of ecstasy for nearly 70 minutes . Then there 's a peculiar pivot into conventionality .
This is a ride well worth taking and one that will leave you with a smile on your face -LRB- and many , many earworms -RRB- long after credits roll .
Baby Driver is an ode to those who need a stream of tunes in their heads , everywhere , all the time , and a cinematic high-five to the movies that made Wright the absurdly talented music-n-film dork he is today .
A curious blend of heightened comical world building and legitimate tragedy and danger .
To the strains of what will undoubtedly become the soundtrack of the summer , Baby Driver can grab the spoils and take a victory lap .
A Fast and Furious Fantasia that stands apart from the pack .
Plays out like blasting your coolest friend 's record collection in your car at 100 mph on the Atlanta freeway while cops close in on all sides - essentially what happens in the movie again and again , to always-riveting effect .
Baby Driver proves why we should never doubt Edgar Wright 's vision , because few filmmakers can back their ambition with such quality thrills .
Like a juggler balancing spinning plates , Baby Driver would fall apart if it ever stopped moving . As long as the plates are spinning , though , it 's magic .
So rhythmic , so kinetic , that it pulls you into its cadence , bringing you into Baby 's world as surely as if you were sharing headphones .
Edgar Wright returns with an incredible heist movie , built with love , precision and a great deal of fun . His best film yet , and surely one of the best films of the year .
If Wright keeps creating original masterpieces like Baby Driver , maybe that throws down the gauntlet for the big franchises to keep up !
Like all Edgar Wright movies , `` Baby Driver '' is a blast , featuring wall-to-wall music and a surfeit of inspired ideas . But it 's also something of a mess ...
A sweet and speed-crazed crime film you can dance to .
This is the La La Land of car chase movies , a jaw-shattering spectacle of sight and sound that sets the bar through the roof for any filmmakers currently cutting their teeth in music videos .
A supercool and ultragroovy heist flick that uses music the way the rest of us use air , and an instant candidate for one of the best car chase movies ever .

@highlight

Stylish , exciting , and fueled by a killer soundtrack , Baby Driver hits the road and it 's gone -- proving fast-paced action movies can be smartly written without sacrificing thrills .