Woodshock does n't have a clear-cut narrative or a truly developed plot . But Kirsten Dunst 's performance of sadness is often eerily reflective and unshakably gorgeous .
It 's not quite the trippy mindbender it wants to be , but if you 're in the right mood to surrender yourself to it , Woodshock will probably give you a bit of a buzz .
Visuals should always service the story , which is why Tom Ford -LRB- another fashion designer turned director -RRB- has found success , and that 's the lesson that the Mulleavy 's should take away from their misfire of a feature debut
The answer to whether smoking kills lies beneath the surface of this abstract but ultimately empty-plotted first feature from sisters Kate and Laura Mulleavy , better known for having created the designer label Rodarte .
It 's more fever dream than thriller , but permafry has never looked prettier .
Woodshock takes viewers on a dreamy trip .
The directors of Woodshock are Kate and Laura Mulleavy , the sibling founders of the Rodarte brand . They clearly have an eye for fashion . As filmmakers , they clearly have an eye for fashion .
While the Mulleavys have a distinct command of tone and texture , the film is more a collage of striking images than any kind of a cogent whole built from them .
I 'm not sure what the Mulleavys were aiming at , but they missed the target .
A baffling and unnecessary third-act coup de théâtre abruptly crashes a comedown from the elaborate high .
Kate and Laura Mulleavy ... give everything the hazy feel of a nearly forgotten dream . They have a knack for creating and sustaining a heavy mood , but that mood is overburdened by the questions that surround the narrative .
How do good actors end up in bad movies ? They follow the leads of filmmakers who have unclear ideas or who make questionable choices . Case in point : Woodshock .
Proof positive that skill in designing dresses does not ensure an ability to fashion a good film ... so opaque , repetitive and dull that few viewers will have the patience to endure the entire thing .
It 's a one-note study of guilt , with ... a story that has little to say about the central character and her predicament .
Orbiting her like vague moons are three young men-her concerned husband , her cagey boss at the dispensary , and an adenoidal young admirer-most of whom seemed as puzzled by the situation as I was .
Defiantly inscrutable , `` Woodshock '' can test a viewer 's patience , yet the filmmakers ' consistent self-confidence creates an alluring , oddly hypnotic effect .
An unreliable narrator who never actually narrates things renders the film a stoney , red-eyed , albeit impeccably coutured mystery , but one that never quite sorts itself out .
The movie turns you , the audience , into the one person at the party who is n't high .
The Mulleavys have a vision for their debut , but pretty pictures and thousand yard stares do not make for a satisfying or profound viewing experience , even as artfully presented as the endeavor is .
There 's daring in the film 's slow unfurling . The problem , though , is n't one of patience but of payoff . `` Woodshock '' is beautiful but it 's all chassis , a root-dead tree that crumbles beneath the ax .
The Mulleaveys know how to make pretty , pointed pictures , but they have n't yet figured out what to do with them .
While Woodshock may not completely hold together at the seams , it 's a dreamy , gorgeous concoction that is never not a pleasure to look at .
Sure , some of ` Woodshock ' is film school nonsense . But how often is anyone even willing to take these risks anymore ?
Woodshock is a study of a mind 's stoned studying , of its slipping in and out of a haze , rather than one of a mind 's unraveling or snapping . It 's just as interesting as that sounds - you 'll either embrace it or find it agony .
Woodshock is both gorgeous and pretentious in equal measures , and it 's hard to reconcile the fact that you do n't get one without the other .
The movie unfolds in a fog of grief and guilt-a state of affairs instead of a plot , and a serious test of the viewer 's patience .
Written and directed by fashion industry sisters Kate and Laura Mulleavy , this experimental , drug-hazed movie looks interesting , but whatever it 's up to , it does n't quite seem to achieve it .
Frst-time filmmakers Kate and Laura Mulleavy work to connect Theresa 's mourning with the devastation of the forest around her . They do so with occasional , gorgeously realized success , and with an equal amount of directorial disorientation .
There are excessive shots of people sleeping in this lugubrious meditation on grief , and some moviegoers might join them .
It 's all pseudo-significant , film-school twaddle , totally lacking in momentum and character development .
Dunst has been a very good actress to a very long time , and she does what she can with the role - except there is no role . Lost on screen without a backstory or even much dialogue , she 's left to stare out the windows , searching for a thought .
Who is this movie for ? The only answer is the saddest , because it 's just another question : This movie is for the Mulleavys-can anyone else watch this and think otherwise ?
The Mulleavy sisters have a talent for expressing the sensual and `` Woodshock '' never bores , yet it 's never wholly satisfying either , its trippy logic too opaque .
Sibling directors Kate and Laura Mulleavy 's Rodarte brand made them overnight couture stars ; with their filmmaking debut , lightning has not struck twice .
The dreamily provocative writing-directing debut of fashion designer sisters Kate Mulleavy and Laura Mulleavy , `` Woodshock '' is a forlorn tone poem with a fresh artistic eye unlike any other .
Fashion powerhouse Rodarte crosses over into the film world with a tedious but tremendously expressive exercise in subjective cinema .
There are a lot of half-complete ideas among the sisters ' jumble of imagery , but trying to tie them together is a fitfully enjoyable , if ultimately fruitless experience .
It becomes the obnoxious equivalent of trying to have a serious conversation with people who are high out of their minds .
Character development and motivation are practically nonexistent , and the already-thin plot pushes ambiguity to the point of incoherence . It 's like Nocturnal Animals , if the whole movie were Amy Adams taking a bath .
Depressingly dull and terminally inarticulate .
Long before `` Woodshock '' has hinted that assisted suicide is equivalent to plain old killing -LRB- or certainly a kind of gateway drug to it -RRB- the film 's self-indulgent noodling has made it difficult to care too much what its moral may be .
The vicarious intrigue of watching someone else 's increasingly distant drug trips burns out pretty fast , leaving viewers with an abstruse fusion of stoner cinema and slow cinema that plays to no obvious audience .
Woodshock might gain some commercial traction from Kirsten Dunst 's presence as the psychically unravelling protagonist , but otherwise it 's an ill-fitting , awkwardly stitched confection ...
Woodshock is the sort of thing that gives dilettantism a bad name .
Often looks and sounds fabulous but is frequently devoid of any kind of clear meaning .
There 's more thought going into the color filters , which classic post punk songs to play on a jukebox , and the bra and nightgown selection than anything resembling character building or story .

@highlight

Woodshock 's engages visually , but its half-baked premise is as underwhelming as it is unsatisfying .