The music will satisfy fans , but when the action returns to New York this becomes as annoying as a skipped CD .
A cool blend of Puerto Rican and Nuyorican rhythmic , racial and family ties that bind , Feel The Noise likewise taps into a hot fusion of African derived sounds and sensibilities that connect those multiple cross-continental roots together .
It 's hard to fault a screenwriter for cramming every idea he 's ever had about anything into his first movie for fear there wo n't be a second .
Producer Jennifer Lopez 's cameo in the film 's climactic Puerto Rican Day parade sequence feels like a victory lap for successfully bilking film financiers and moviegoers out of their money .
Dramatic tension and narrative momentum are MIA .
Reggaeton has officially come of age : The burgeoning subgenre now has a terrible , opportunistic exploitation movie to call its own .
Possibly the least provocative hip-hop movie ever that did n't star Lil ' Bow Wow , Feel The Noise is the kind of feel-good/kid-with-a - dream-overcomes-the-odds story we 're used to seeing starring white kids named Hilary or Lance .
... rambles heedlessly from cliche to cliche ...
An awkwardly executed drama with a leading man better suited for the concert stage , not the movie screen .
First-time screenwriter Albert Leon appears to have turned for music industry insight not to his famous producer -LRB- who has no excuses -RRB- but to other music-themed movies -LRB- Mariah Carey 's Glitter , perhaps ? -RRB- .
No one will mistake director Alejandro Chomski 's Feel the Noise for great drama . But there 's an undeniable sweetness to the characters , the performers are highly appealing , and the music sizzles .
This music-driven melodrama aims to salute and promote a cultural phenomenon -- reggaeton music , in this case -- by slathering it all over an instantly forgettable , cliché-laden pop flick .
Could have used more music .
It 's the subtexts -- about minority kinship and Hispanic self-actualization -- that resound . If only its fable -LRB- and leading man -RRB- did n't keep getting in the way .
The plot is contrived , the performances are all over the board , and Chomski 's camera ogles his actresses just a little too much .
This simplistic teen drama features an engaging young star but does n't miss a `` follow your dreams '' cliche .
I did n't feel this noise .
Instead of trying to find the heartbeat of reggaetón , the movie resorts to teen conventions , banking that its target audience -- Latino teens , who do n't often see themselves onscreen -- wo n't know enough to demand better .
You really can feel the noise ... right down t your bones . And that 's what this above-average movie is all about : Music .
How do you say `` sappy Horatio Alger tale '' in Español ?
A horrid excuse for teen escapism ... for those who find Hannah Montana too challenging .
For whatever reason you go to a movie like this , the results are bound to disappoint .
... a music-fueled drama with far less substance than most CD liner notes .




@highlight

Despite the different musical genre , Feel the Noise is as generic as any music-themed film that has come before it .