The noirish ambience -LRB- if not style -RRB- underscores the heinousness of those who traffic in human lives for their own ends-a central tenet of the Dardennes ' work .
Still , what initially promises to be a morality tale does n't really have any messages to speak of about immigration , womanhood , poverty , humanity or anything else for that matter .
Lorna 's Silence is not only a beautiful film , but also one that moves the filmmakers ' art forward a small step or two -- a tectonic shift for these art cinema old faithfuls .
The results are no less emotionally gratifying or personal than in -LSB- the Dardennes ' -RSB- previous films , but Lorna 's Silence is mysterious and mystifying in an entirely new way .
A soul-crushing weight rests upon Lorna -LRB- Dobroshi -RRB- , the Albanian-immigrant heroine of the Dardenne brothers ' stunning proletarian character study .
Heaven on earth for the Dardenne Bros. , the poets of European mercantile desolation .
Redemption drama loses the plot .
It 's a classic Dardennes morality tale set in the grim , hard-scrabble world between working class hardship and black market hustle ...
a moving portrait of emotional and social awakening
This masterfully crafted tale of muted female survival in a quietly brutal world , the film unfolds petal by petal , as it stirringly reveals mere inklings of the character 's haunting inner emotional and psychological turmoil .
Once again brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne explore the moral predicaments that arise from economic desperation .
It 's Lorna 's evolution -LRB- charted through Dobroshi 's uncompromising performance -RRB- that makes `` Lorna 's Silence '' worth seeing . But the Dardennes should n't have been so deliberately stingy with the details of her story .
... less a character study than the apparent breaking-in of a camera crew on a sad and sordid life .
By scorning accessibility , the filmmakers unwittingly throw out the baby with the bathwater . After all , what 's authentically human , if not high drama ?
Mirthless and deliberately paced , there 's still enough in the well-acted Lorna 's Silence to make it worth listening to .
The Dardennes have once again captured the harsh reality of the modern underclass while also injecting a note of moral hopefulness into what might have been a bleak and heartless tale .
Money -- not love or family -- is the -LRB- literal -RRB- currency that motivates social behavior ; human relationships are reduced to financial transactions .
Lorna 's Silence speaks volumes .
A unique filmmaking style that resembles near-documentary realism . If you were not aware that this was a movie , you would think you were watching surveillance footage recorded by a sophisticated private investigation firm .
Offers powerful emotional impact at unexpected moments .
Lorna 's Silence echoes long after the movie ends .
With a more linear plot and steadier camerawork than previous efforts , Lorna 's Silence is among the Dardennes ' more accessible films , despite a drawn-out finale that still does n't quite satisfy .
In a just world , the Dardenne brothers would be as well known as the Coens ; outside the United States they probably are already .
More entertaining on a base level than a Belgian film about poor people has any right to be .
Lorna 's Silence does n't work , but it 's a beautiful misfire .
As filmmakers , the Dardennes are more concerned with probing the causes of crime than in glamorizing it .
I could see what they were trying to do , but it was a little too artsy and did n't really work for me .
The Dardennes are adroit at dangling the carrot , withholding just enough of the story 's particulars to keep you curious without testing your patience .
Lorna 's Silence is an interesting and entertaining film that poses a more difficult moral dilemma than its authors might have intended .
In casting the previously unknown Dobroshi , the brothers approach greatness with their lean portrait of simple humanity tested by desire and driven desperate by circumstances .
The film is spare , but intense .
The story within Lorna 's Silence is built on tiny increments of tantalizing details , meted out in penurious droplets and with chest-tightening tension that suggests that what the brothers wanted to be when they grew up were boa constrictors .
The Dardennes are masters of their brand of realist cinema . Over the years , the brothers ' move from documentaries to narrative features has been handsomely rewarded .
Dobroshi , a dark-browed beauty , has an arresting stillness - never smiling -LRB- except for one brief , unguarded moment with Sokol -RRB- , never letting down her guard . It 's a slice of a life nobody would want , and a portrait that 's not easy to forget .
Do n't look for milk and kindness in the cinematic world of the Dardennes brothers .
The Dardenne brothers have seemed infallible , but their signature style begins to show strain in Lorna 's Silence .
Belgian filmmaking brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne have become festival darlings with rigorously minimal ethical thrillers .
It 's not the Dardennes ' best work , but if you 're not familiar with their films , this is an audience-friendly one to start with .
Offers a damning critique of global capitalism as it works its way down to the street and poisons the most intimate human encounters .
The Dardennes ' film offers a portrait of a fragile yet determined woman set on making a home for herself in the world , even as that world unravels before her eyes .
Even as the camera follows Lorna , it never quite keeps up , though it 's unclear whether she 's eluding your interpretation or her own .
It may be the weakest film that the Dardenne 's have made to date but that still puts it head-and-shoulders over the best efforts of too many others to mention .
It 's a very good film nevertheless , and in Dobroshi it has a face that passes through every conceivable shade of sorrow .
What power is here . What affecting acting by Dobroshi , Renier and Marinne .
Lorna 's Silence is the fifth excellent film in a row from the remarkably consistent Dardennes .
Slow and plodding , the movie still manages to keep you interested in where it is headed . The ending , however , is completely unresolved and borderline bizarre .
It leaves the audience with neither a sense of uplift nor devastation , but , rather , with something more akin to intellectual appreciation .
After 22 years of moviemaking , the Dardenne brothers remain at the height of their craft with Lorna 's Silence , and one expects more standout , social melodramas ahead .
Occasionally drags , but boasts a raw , emotionally complex performance by Arta Dobroshi . It 's a quietly moving , character-driven drama with a heightened sense of devastating realism and genuine suspense , which only begin to wane toward the end .
That 's as much as you should know before going into Lorna 's Silence , which combines Bressonian aesthetic rigor with Hitchcockian suspense .
The always reliable Dardenne brothers , Jean-Pierre and Luc , the Belgian poets of the underclass , outdo themselves in Lorna 's Silence .
Lorna 's Silence is a gritty , deceptively low-key , no-fuss , no-frills movie of consistent originality and surprise in which suspense arises straight up from the heroine 's evolving character .
This is a familiar crisis for characters in the movies of Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne , the Belgian brothers whose grubbily realistic films often focus on the lives of the desperate .
Lorna 's Silence , with a narrative that turns partly on a mysterious pregnancy , evokes , subtly but unmistakably , a range of maternal biblical associations .
Like earlier Dardenne films , Lorna 's Silence is naturalistic , yet this one , beautifully shot in 35 mm film by Alain Marcoen , achieves a poetry of bereftness .
A passionate exploration by the Dardenne brothers into greed and the power of men to do endless harm in the context of international politics .
Sobering drama about a poor Albanian woman living in Belgium and trying to keep her head above water in hard times .
Lorna 's Silence is one of the few films in current release which left me wanting more .
Lorna 's Silence feels like a refinement , even a repetition , of earlier themes . But the brothers are repeating themselves at such a high level that the redundancies are more than welcome .
feels like a summation of the Dardenne 's work so far
If the Dardennes strip sentimentality from poverty , they also tend to strip subjects of their voices .
From the outstanding Belgian filmmakers Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardenne -LRB- Rosetta -RRB- , here 's another closely observed , sociologically astute , and amazingly naturalistic drama about moral compromise as a by-product of economic need .
Belgian film team Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardenne do small things profoundly .
Lorna , the young Albanian immigrant at the center of Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne 's Lorna 's Silence , is both the newest addition to the twin auteurs ' gallery of spiritually anguished outsiders , and a subtle departure from it .
... a strong character study set within a compelling morality tale .
A penetrating , deceptively sly interior portrait .
Though not as artsitically or thematically powerful as The Child or Rosetta , the film continues the Dardennes ' realistic explorations of working-class -LRB- often immigrant -RRB- characters that live in the periphery of society .
This is one powerful film that stays with you .
dramatises the clash of ` pure ' economics with other values , as Lorna struggles to undo the immorality of her acquiescent inaction ... The effect is -LRB- quietly -RRB- devastating .
Not the strongest entry in the Dardenne Brothers ' canon , but a bleak , punchy drama nonetheless .
By the time ` The Silence of Lorna ' reaches its quiet , unusual , reflective finale , the film feels almost spiritual in its investigation of a lost soul .
Possibly the beginning of a new direction for the brothers , The Silence Of Lorna gathers force slowly and deliberately , yet lacks the intimacy of the directors ' earlier films .
The Silence of Lorna won Best Screenplay at this year 's Cannes Festival but the Dardenne brothers ' latest slice of grim Belgian life could have taken its pick of the prizes .
The Dardennes have again made a movie with real moral ideas . It asks us to take seriously the idea of evil , and of redemption and turning aside from evil . But the vehicle for these ideas is a convoluted film whose narrative machinery simply seizes up .
An utterly riveting thriller .
The Silence of Lorna is a film worth shouting about .
Another immensely subtle , skilful emotional drama from the Belgian masters . Perhaps not up with their spellbinding best - but if only everything at the movies was this disappointing .
An Albanian immigrant is forced into an impossible dilemma in a bleak Belgian drama relieved only by a strong performance from its leading lady . Everything else is pretty soul crushing .
The Silence Of Lorna is definitely a film worth shouting about .
Sombre and moving in early scenes , and shot with a penumbral grace , the film does n't quite go the dramatic distance . By final reel , insightful humanity has been replaced by inter-ethnic parable and socio-political point-scoring .
Unclassifiable , accomplished and mysteriously enjoyable .
A rewarding and redemptive story where money is a meagre substitute for human sympathy and love .
The performances are excellent - low-key and nuanced - but the set-up is so contrived that you never feel involved for long .
Well directed , brilliantly acted and grippingly tense drama that packs a powerful emotional punch , though the miserablism is occasionally overwhelming .
The Dardenne brothers bring their straightforward realism to this haunting story set in a shady world where marriage is exchanged for European citizenship . But in the end , the story 's too bleak to coalesce into something important .
Se fascina por sua abordagem narrativa realista , o frágil roteiro dos Dardenne acaba comprometendo o resultado final .
Perhaps not quite the razor-sharp effort of their last few films , Lorna 's Silence proves the Dardennes are n't afraid of looking conventional .
The Dardenne brothers ' latest drama ... starts as rivetingly as any of their films and then , an hour in , spins into an unexpected and unsatisfying direction .
Belgium 's Dardenne brothers make some slight adjustments to their formula but maintain their unblinking commitment to human nature and the possibility of grace in lowly circumstances .
A worthwhile , if less powerful offering from the Belgian masters of slice-of-life filmmaking .
It 's undeniable that the specificity relayed in every moment of the depiction of Lorna 's humdrum existence trumps the vagueness that surrounds her spiritual awakening .
Clever and affecting
... the film is rife with precisely the sort of elements that one has come to associate with the brothers ' body of work ...




@highlight

Subtle and emotionally bleak , this gripping thriller features the Dardenne brothers ' recognizable penchant for realism and very strong performances .