Outside of the excellent cast doing their best in impossible situations , there 's virtually nothing enjoyable or aesthetically admirable here .
Crash is difficult to watch because of the moral chaos it portrays , but it is best film I have seen in a long time .
It 's like great jazz -- infinite freedom within a limited sphere , an artful organization of exhilarating invention .
For every scene loaded for narrative impact -- a car-jacking or a narrowly escaped death -- Haggis crafts workaday moments that function just as effectively .
If there 's anything worse than a film with no point , it 's one that 's all point and nothing but .
The different stories never end up balancing . The dialogue is simple , too flat , despite very good intentions . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Crash -RSB- is sharply observed and frequently extremely funny as well as artfully orchestrated .
-LSB- Haggis -RSB- makes his directing debut with a screenplay that often seems rigged and contrived , but comes to life via excellent acting and a philosophical argument that bigotry and benevolence are inextricably intertwined .
Instead of heartwarming messages about forgiveness , it honours ambiguity and brings us close , closer than is comfortable , in fact , to what Americans today are really thinking about one another .
-LSB- Crash -RSB- is familiar enough that it slips easily into our film-watching faculty without any fuss , yet -LSB- Haggis ' -RSB- handling of it -- his muscular belief in what he is doing -- makes us hope that his next screenplay will be a bit less safe .
Crash is a movie with problems , but those simply make Haggis ' vision , his clear reflection of us , so powerful .
Crash has its moments of wrenching tragedy and chaotic , overcrowded drama , mitigated by flashes of caustic humor and insights of stark truth .
The dramatic tidiness of Crash dovetails the soap operatic strands into a facile contemporary j' accuse without ever addressing how race plays into the ideologies that enforce an oppressive order .
This is truly Hollywood at its best .
Crash is a very watchable and well-constructed piece of work , and a potential script masterclass : but its daringly supercharged fantasies of racial paranoia and humanist redemption are not to be taken too seriously .
The script is clever , the racial theme is worthy of Newsnight , and the editing just sublime .
It 's a bold effort that initially attempts to tackle the issue of racial conflict in a refreshingly unstinting way for a mainstream film . Ultimately , though , the story is too contrived to achieve the profundity it 's striving for .
The message of brotherhood here is so unsubtle the cast might as well be asking the audience to sign a petition .
What makes Crash so gripping -- so terrifying in spots , so moving in others , and even a little funny at times -- is how nothing happens as we think it will .
The anxiousness to be provocative weighs too heavily . That said , Crash has the big ambitions we should get every week .
Experiencing a movie like Crash is the equivalent of walking merrily down the road on a warm summer day , then suddenly falling neck-deep into ice-cold water .
Crash is the best film I 've seen so far this year .
Movies do n't come better acted , as lucidly written or , most importantly , more capable of grabbing a viewer emotionally and intellectually than this exceptional ensemble drama about racial and ethnic relations in urban America today .
Watching the talented cast in Crash hurl venomous racial invective in their interlocking dramas may give the film a consistently charged atmosphere , but it 's ultimately no more insightful than an hour of talk radio .
Set in a simmering cauldron of racial tensions where subtle nuance can cut as deep as unambiguous hostility , it 's a powerful drama about the often bewildering contradictions that underlie human behaviour .
The performances are all spot-on .
As events -LRB- both kind and cruel -RRB- unfold , even the most seasoned movie-goer will find something here to surprise -- and shock .
It 's one of the best films of the year so far .
Using a complex but comprehensible web of fraught relationships , chance encounters and random circumstances , -LSB- Haggis -RSB- provides a snapshot of a city strained to breaking .
While the mini-genre it occupies -- multi-storylined ensemble pieces about dysfunctional life in southern California -- is already well-established , Crash is a superb , sometimes literally breath-taking new addition to this august group .
Provocative , moving and powerful , this multi-stranded LA story is undoubtedly one of the best films of the year . Just do n't drive to see it .
Ultimately , Crash succeeds in spite of itself . Its color war starts to feel obvious and schematic . Its coincidences and cliches become like a pileup on the 405 freeway , but there it is -- you find yourself rubbernecking and ca n't manage to look away .
Haggis moves seamlessly between all these stories and has structured them in such a way that his characters reach a crisis point simultaneously , followed by melancholy clarity .
Haggis shows a lot of promise as a director : his film is never dull . But he needs to unlearn some of the bad lessons he picked up working in TV , which demands that everything be neat , symmetrical and underlined .
There is a welcome desire and introspection here that tries to make us as an audience think about the various causes and reasons for racism aside from the easily fall back positions of intolerance and bigotry .
While it 's hard not to admire Haggis ' ambition here , his lofty aspirations sapped Crash of any real ingenuity or emotional punch .
A masterpiece that deserves to be watch and discussed .
A hard-hitting film whose seemingly unconnected stories and characters intersect boldly , jolting us into a raw awareness of the volatility of ethnic mix in which we live .
The script by director Paul Haggis and Bobby Moresco has a scolding air to it , and watching the movie is like taking a dose of castor oil -- probably good for us but not a lot of fun .
Crash is , easily , one of the strongest American films in years . When it was over , I sat in my chair , shell-shocked in stunned silence , trying to sort out my tangled emotions .
Do n't let yourself get carried away by the raves : Crash is solid but no masterpiece .
Mr. Haggis offers no easy answers , just hard questions .
a searingly powerful , at times transcendent , examination of a nation 's culture , alienated from , and afraid of , itself .
A film teeming with solemn recognition of the nasty complexities of living in a multicultural society , and much of what remains unspoken racially in America being neatly shoved under a complacent rug .
For a violent film , it is inordinately humane and refreshingly unpredictable .
This articulate and particularly poignant mood piece demands nothing of its audience , except for some brutally honest introspection about our unquestioned presumptions about the human condition . Easily , the best film of 2005 .
full review in Greek
a corny Hollywood attempt at a social problem drama , well acted enough to recommend
Stereotypes had painfully little to the discourse of American prejudice .
Filters every scene ... through the prism of race , but keeps turning the prism around and around until the colors no longer matter and we see only what the characters do .
Quickly turns into a preachy , soapbox movie .
Obnoxious , hollow , and not at all as smart or important as it thinks it is .
Film constructed of wild coincidences . A throwback to stodgy liberal melodrama of the 1960s like `` Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner '' . Says zero about the social and economic realities of LA that breed racism .
The problem with the movie is that it is so brash and transparent in its attempt to spotlight and expose every single conceivable racial divide and stereotype , it loses all credibility and ca n't be but gawked at .
Haggis and savvy editor Hughes Winborne manage to pull all of these threads together and weave an engaging look at the abhorrent state of racism ... in our major cities .
Uno está dispuesto a perdonarle todos sus facilismos porque , en términos cinematográficos , es un muy buen drama .
Tense , entertaining , and poignant - the film is a worthwhile watch . A high rate of coincidence robs it of some credibility . Yet , in some ways plays more as a myth , a parable .
It 's smart , therefore , that Haggis has written such novel , precisely observed , often unpleasant characters as the ones Bullock , Dillon , and Cheadle inhabit .
well-acted and well-directed , but also betrayed by its script
Presenting this year 's middlebrow flog-pony .
The directing and editing are phenomenal , as are performances by the ensemble cast .
... everyone should see this movie .
The movie is attempting to make a statement and it wo n't stop until you are aware of its statement .
I almost liked it , because of how the actors struggled , and sometimes succeeded , to rise above the domineering message and create real people .
Any relation to persons living or dead is purely coincidental .
It 's the sort of movie that makes people feel like they 've heard an important statement without actually having said anything much .
One of the most powerful movies of 2005 .
White guilt run amok .
Enjoy the wonderful performances by a cast very committed to the cause .
A haunting , perceptive and uncompromising examination of controversial subject matter , expertly written and directed by Paul Haggis and characterised by excellent performances from its starry cast .
An engaging , provocative and thought-provoking drama with an intelligent script and terrific performances from its ensemble cast
An already over-eventful narrative -- what , another crash ? -- teeters into melodramatic implausibility .
Few films are as daring . Few films this year are as deserving of your attention .
Compelling , brilliant , gripping , funny , constantly surprising - this is everything cinema should be . Go see , go see .
As successful as Haggis is , the movie is still flawed . Worst of all , it is very contrived .
Crash has a lot on its mind and , unlike most movies these days , a lot of it is worth hearing .
The contrivances of first-time director Paul Haggis 's script ultimately hurt the film but this `` Crash '' is still worth a curious drive-by look .
The L.A. of Crash is a distorted scale model of the city that -LSB- writer-director Paul -RSB- Haggis treats as if it were the city itself .
A truly brilliant piece of cinema .
The script is filled with clever plot turns and riveting dialogue you would only expect from guys like Tarantino and Mamet .
It 's apt that Haggis ' most recent cinematic effort concentrated on boxing ; he is just as eager to pound us over the head in Crash .
Some may find the film too melodramatic , but the core topic demands attention .
The film is eager to boil blood and encourage discussion , which it should do , yet never loses sight of its overall obligation to entertain .
-LSB- Tackles -RSB- everyone 's least favorite unsavory subject : racism . And , thank its ambitious heart , Crash covers it from as many angles and through as many levels as possible
The film packs a reflective emotional wallop in spite of its contrived coincidences .
` Crash ' was as smart as it was good - and that 's saying something .
Incendiary writing - the epithets make you squirm in post-PC nervousness in your seat , or make you hear yourself -LRB- or your friends , enemies -RRB- in the mouths of these actors .
... One of the best and most important films of 2005 .
Le plus gros problème de Crash , est de ne pas avoir réussi à dire grand chose , malgré en avoir montré beaucoup .
A masterful morality tale with a lot of guts .
For a movie that aches to be thought-provoking , Crash is ultimately too simplistic to linger on in the memory .
a finely acted and directed story that lays bares in so many ways how race informs our everyday experiences , whether we want it to or not
After mugging us with racial disintegration , Haggis attempts an infusion of hope .
This will have staying power .
Believe it or not , this is a lot like `` Pooh 's Heffalump Movie . '' It 's just that the demographic age of the audience is vastly different .
This is how I felt leaving Crash . I knew what I just watched was n't perfect ; too many coincidences , too many cliches ; but the power of the performances , words and images refused to leave me alone .
The actors , especially Chris Bridges -LRB- aka rapper Ludacris -RRB- , Don Cheadle , Matt Dillon , Michael Peña , and Larenz Tate , are adroit at conveying Haggis 's candid observations about the crazy ways we live and think .
There are some powerful scenes that have a harrowing quality .
-LSB- H -RSB- olds up a mirror to reality that is so incisive and so harshly honest that , at moments , it sears right through you and jolts you with its wisdom .
I left the theater feeling like the victim of a hit-and-run civics lesson .
One indication that a movie is REALLY good is being unable to stop thinking about it .
This is a taut , thought-provoking thriller that demands to be seen on the big screen .
I found Mr. Haggis ' moralistic tales too facile for my taste .
I 'd be much more inclined to completely accept the importance of Crash if it did n't have ` Oscar Bait ' written all over it .
While strides have been made in this country 's race relations , Crash brings to the forefront the prejudices and stereotypes that often remain unspoken .
Paul Haggis has found a penchant for discomforting subjects .
Crash seems to have a lot of volume , but not really a lot to say .
Racism in LA is hardly a new subject ... but it 's an issue well worth revisiting as it remains the ugly underbelly of American society
It 's too bad that the movie induces eyeball-rolling almost as much as it does armrest-clutching .
The appeal of the film comes from Haggis ' ability to reveal prejudices by forcing us to confront them on an inescapably human level .
Most racially themed movies want to act as a naive balm , but not this one .
it 's hard to write a review when there is so much you want to hate about a movie , and yet it gives you so much to like .
A brilliantly executed series of interlocking stories about race and prejudice . The story constantly defies expectations as it follows its multifaceted characters .
Haggis is not quite yet gifted enough to pull it all together in Crash , but that does n't mean that he someday soon wo n't be .
Manipulative and self-defeating , Crash resembles race-baiting PT Anderson fare or if Altman got stuck in the mid-80 's .
Haggis is undoubtedly skilled at setting up effective melodramatic vignettes , even if they are hopelessly inorganic .
An episodic drama with a good ensemble cast that shows there 's some good in the worst of us and some bad in the best of us , with some funny racial lines that lighten the load
A preposterous view of American life that bleakly covers the surface of the social problems it tried to paint with such broad brush strokes .
It 's rare to find anything in the theater this deeply affecting . It may even prompt you to hug the guy sitting next to you .
`` Crash '' is improbable , unpredictable , unsettling - depressing but with a detour .
The best movie of 2005 - so far .
Crash is always entertaining and provocative , never depressing . It does n't beat you over the head with a message , but rather lets you draw your own conclusions .
It 's the most compelling American movie to come around in a long , long time .
Haggis weaves various threads together in a remarkably cohesive narrative ... but his characters seem incapable of talking about anything but prejudice .
Every once in a while you need a movie like this to come crashing down on you .
All the actors strive mightily not to get mired in the jackhammer moralizing , but it 's mostly a losing cause .
It relies too much on coincidences and shock value over thematic depth , but at least it dares to be about something heavy .
There 's some great stuff there between all the object lessons ; if only there were fewer of those to slog through .
This movie did more than hold my interest . It touched my soul .
Haggis 's drama is about much more than interlocking front-end collisions . It 's about the way we learn , often badly , about one another and how it may take a bad confrontation to peel away the misperceptions .
This is the rare American film really about something , and almost all the performances are riveting . It asks tough questions , and lets its audience struggle with the answers .
Rather than feel reductively schematic , the film overall seems vividly complex and provocative in the true sense of the word -- it challenges viewers to reflect and discuss , rather than surrender to knee-jerk reactions .
The best parts of Crash are as good as they are because they confront us with behaviour we might be capable of under the same circumstances . And we 're not bad people . Are we ?
And so Crash raises the question : If racism is so pervasive in our society , why do we need such an elaborately contrived plot to drive home the message ? In other words : How many racists does it take to screw in the point ?
Crash , Paul Haggis ' flawed but riveting tale of racism in contemporary Los Angeles , has moments so powerful they 're instantly seared into your memory ; you 'll watch without blinking , barely breathing .
A mesmerizing urban drama that gets under the skin of racial intolerance more forcefully than any film since Spike Lee 's Do the Right Thing
occasionally too willing to rely on convenience ... -LRB- but -RRB- full of provocative ideas , shocking moments and wholly believable performances ...
The story is obviously implausible , the writing sometimes glib , but just as often it 's smart and vivid and has the ring of truth .
Audiences everywhere are about to find out how abominably off-putting an extended diatribe masquerading as an ensemble drama can be .
The lesson offered here seems geared toward those viewers who were surprised by the Rodney King video .
Its emotional lows and wicked below-the-belt punches make it a soul-searching film , a manipulative movie with a lot of stars and a writer-director staying on message throughout : We need to know each other better than this .
Haggis ' pedantic tone and obvious characterizations make it seem like he 's better off adapting other people 's work than creating his own .
Crash is n't set half-a-century ago , in some place of dusty roads and Skoal-spitting sheriffs . It takes place now , in Los Angeles , that most modern of American cities .
Crash mercilessly apes Magnolia .
Exceptional performances and a powerful , multi-layered script make for simmering racial drama .
Contrived , obvious and overstated , Crash is basically just one white man 's righteous attempt to make other white people feel as if they 've confronted the problem of racism head-on .
If the setup often smacks of contrivance and coincidence , Haggis -LRB- in his directing debut -RRB- shows he 's more than competent to balance the stories and give the film steamroller momentum .
Crash is almost machine-like in the way it parses out its screen time among its characters , its coincidence-laden plot dragging them along to events and situations with the certainty of Fate .
It 's simultaneously shocking and riveting , but what makes this movie so mesmerizing is that it 's never apparent where the actions of these characters will take us .
An ambitious and often wonderful movie , an expansive look at urban life -- the fractious , noisy whole of it -- filled with witty , biting and insightful writing .
Haggis bends back one full day to unravel the tangled threads leading to the crash , and , in turn , the tangle justifies the existence of his varied and polyglot ensemble .
Unfortunately , Bullock 's much-ballyhooed performance verges on cartoonish , and worse , she 's paired with Fraser , who could n't be more inanimate if he was cast as a brick wall .
One of the finest American movies to engage our diverse richness and our casual and not-so-casual ethnic hostility .
Truthful , intelligent and likely to ignite many useful conversations .
Crash a beau avoir du contenu il n'est jamais moins que fascinant , rempli d'émotions et tout à fait divertissant .
I 'm sure the filmmakers want it to start a dialogue about race , but this film has about as much racially unifying power as Rodney King .
A well-intentioned but obvious , often clumsy picture .
Characters come straight from the assembly line of screenwriting archetypes , and too often they act in ways that archetypes , rather than human beings , do .
The characters and individual dramas remain interesting in a personal way , but the overall conception of Crash is hackneyed .
The movie 's ` naturalistic ' photography and ` honest ' racial invective are at odds with the theatricality of its speechifying and the contrivances of its chain of coincidences .
Controversy is n't nearly as intriguing when it is created merely for controversy 's sake .
Haggis opens up little spaces for his actors to shine .
The theme is racism . Let me say that again : The theme is racism . I could say it 500 more times because that 's how many times the movie says it , in every single scene .
A potent work of art .
Crash wants to be taken seriously as a meditation on our anxiety-plagued times , but the coincidences are too pat , the tugs on the heartstrings too insistent .
Cheadle serves as the movie 's Greek chorus , sorting out the fender benders that serve as a metaphor for a city where , Haggis implies , racial profiling rivals moviemaking as a leading activity .
A series of vignettes cutting across economic and racial lines , bringing together characters by random chance , watching them collide -LRB- hence the title -RRB- and picking up the pieces in ways that are sometimes hopeful , sometimes not .
You will watch much of Crash in dread . That 's not so much because you know things are going to get worse -- they do -- before they get better , but because you know Haggis is getting to the nut of things .
What emerges from the movie 's emotional fender-bending and concentrated irony are moments of awe-inspiring reach , the kind of full-throttle acting that demands attention .
Crash provides no genuine revelation or insight . It 's just the film equivalent of a furrowed brow .
A provocative urban morality play , wherein archetypal characters give voice to the seething anger and bitter disappointments people usually keep to themselves , and people make sweeping generalizations about each other based on race or class .
The film is n't , by any means , unpleasant to watch , though it is a shamelessly derivative button-pusher .
`` Crash '' is the first great film of 2005 . No other film released this year has the power to grab , challenge , rattle , unsettle , entertain and touch its audience like this .
Haggis gets several ` best performances of their careers ' from his actors including Sandra Bullock , Matt Dillon , Thandie Newton , Jennifer Esposito , and Terrence Dashon Howard .
It has a sense of urgency about what it 's trying to convey that makes it feel more important and there 's not a missed moment to make an impact .
This is one beguiling ride though what drives us emotionally and what dark , sorrowful detours we sometime swerve into .
... a truly grown-up film with some of the best work you 're likely to see on screen this year .
Everything feels pat , and the result leaves you feeling a bit cheated .
The film 's real message is n't anti-racism but pro-screenwriter . ` Look how many coincidences we can pile up ! ' it seems to say . ` Look at how these stories all interlock ! '
Sprawling Los Angeles drama of race , power , guns and fear is a little too controlled by coincidence , but the ambitions and cast make it thought-provoking .
By attempting to say everything about race , Haggis ultimately says nothing .
This is a masterpiece of substantial proportions .
Superbly crafted and visually stunning from start to finish
-LSB- Helmer Paul Haggis -RSB- needs to develop a firmer hand on his own work to really shine .
Crash is a movie you want to see for the great acting performances from some unlikely sources .
Haggis ' scariest , most insidious success is that in surprising his audience with characters ' paths , he makes us recognize our own expectations are built upon stereotypes
With an angry fist shaking in your face , the film asserts that we 're all hard-wired to obey preset alarms when we interact with people of different skin tones .
Haggis writes with such directness and such a good ear for everyday speech that the characters seem real and plausible after only a few words . His cast is uniformly strong ; the actors sidestep cliches and make their characters particular .
The characters keep surprising themselves and each other , for better and for worse , and they surprise us , too .
While it 's a dazzling feat of screenwriting , less would be more ... Still , Haggis evinces remarkable skill -LSB- and -RSB- with actors like these , who needs subtleties ?
In Crash , no one gets off easy , and no one is immune to prejudice .
Audiences may cringe as Haggis taps into the kind of offensive images that surreptitiously seep into the brains of even the most open-minded . His point is simple : No one is immune .
It 's a skillful piece of filmmaking and an impressive debut , though it 's so relentlessly bleak and downbeat for most of its running time that it ca n't recover when it tries to go soft in its third act .
A grim , histrionic experiment in vehicular metaphor slaughter .
Lop off a few characters , tighten the narrative geometry , and Crash might have a sledgehammer impact . As it is , the film is content to tap you on the shoulder and ask you to take a look around .
So much feeling , so much skill , so much seriousness , such an urgent moral agenda -- all of this must surely answer our collective hunger for a good movie , or even a great one , about race and class in a modern American city . Not even close .
Haggis challenges our common conceptions about race and allows no character to escape his own hypocrisy .
-LSB- The actors -RSB- ca n't quite make Haggis ' preachy puppet show feel entirely organic , but they certainly take some of the glare off of the strings .
An absolutely riveting , highly charged drama , Crash is an important motion picture that demands viewing in high schools across the country .
Like that nerve-rattling collision of metal and glass , Crash will leave its audiences jarred awake , feeling bruised .
The straddling of styles -LSB- realism vs. fable -RSB- weakens , but does n't destroy a strong film .
Crash has been crafted to deliver a wake-up blow to our complacency .
A gorgeous mosaic of a movie that is actually about our fears of each other , set in the bright light of Los Angeles and the dark places in our hearts .
Dark , fluid thriller seasoned with acerbic dialogue and rueful observations that may strike uncomfortably close to home .
Although Haggis ' sharp , surprisingly witty script admits there are no easy answers , it holds out hope that it 's possible to change hateful behavior .
An intricate , explosive ensemble crime drama set in a modern urban pressure-cooker of racial and class hatreds .
People collide as well in this literate , engrossing and occasionally funny look at race relations in Los Angeles .
Not just one of the best Hollywood movies about race , but , along with Collateral , one of the finest portrayals of contemporary Los Angeles life period .
The film may be a trifle shallow in its treatment on its important topic , but it has an energy that carries you breathlessly along to a powerful conclusion .
Its large and talented cast chews up the scenery , packing every sentence with some racial insult .
The script confronts prejudice with unvarnished nastiness .
... has the kind of broad appeal that can draw large audiences and the kind of lingering emotional potency that can lead to serious soul-searching .
Despite its preachy moments , the film is a knockout . In a multiplex starved for ambition , why kick a film with an excess of it ?
Haggis knows how to grab the viewer 's attention , via intense confrontations as well as by planting dramatic seeds that bear fruit in , more often than not , grimly unexpected ways .
The stunning , must-see drama Crash is proof that words have not lost the ability to shock in our anesthetized society .
Though it lacks Magnolia 's messy greatness , you wo n't hear more fiendishly articulate dialogue on-screen any time soon .
Beautiful , intense , powerful and memorable ...
Discomfiting is the only way to describe this smart , edgy drama rubbed raw by its own narrative anger .
Full of well-observed supporting riffs , Crash might 've accumulated more frisson had it cast a clearer eye on how social tension actually plays .
Crash 's strength is that it deals intelligently with serious subjects .
Almost the entire movie consists of actors screaming at each other in Oscar-bait annoyance .
... a gritty examination of misplaced tension and despair wrapped up in its makeshift boiling point ... percolates with the right kind of toxic manipulation and complexity
Crash is masterful film making ...
Easily the year 's best : taut , credible , exciting drama of police corruption and more .
For all its candor and spare grit , the film is more than just in-your-face pedagogy about intolerance .
What happens between the film 's opening and closing car accidents more closely resembles a train wreck .
A promising but ultimately disappointing drama about California angst .
A crash course in unmasking the racial and class divisions in American society that make every stranger into a potential enemy .
Crash is hyper-articulate and often breathtakingly intelligent and always brazenly alive . I think it 's easily the strongest American film since Clint Eastwood 's Mystic River , though it is not for the fainthearted .
I think this is the kind of film that starts arguments and stimulates passionate discussion about topics that still make most of us cringe .
Feels perhaps a bit too much like Magnolia for its own good . But it 's a solid film about seriously important issues .
Too bad that Crash , which takes a provocative look at the complexities of contemporary interracial relations , is such a flawed film
... surprisingly funny and touching ...
Haggis turns the screws on a nation 's anxieties and helps light the way of personal responsibility through conversation and , if need be , a little divine intervention



@highlight

A raw and unsettling morality piece on modern angst and urban disconnect , Crash examines the dangers of bigotry and xenophobia in the lives of interconnected Angelenos .