Polley proves expert at holding back key information , revealing it at a point where she can most effectively recreate her own emotional journey into what she belatedly realised were mysterious circumstances surrounding her childhood .
This is the most functional tale of dysfunctional-family drama I 've ever heard .
Sarah Polley continues to become one of the most innovative and inventive directors working today and its proved by what she spills out on the silver screen in her newest endeavor Stories We Tell .
The film is , ultimately , a touching portrait of family , memory and shared history that keeps its audience hooked from the first moment , and does n't let up until the final frame .
What began as a searching personal journey ends as narcissistic family therapy masturbation .
What `` Stories We Tell '' has to offer viewers above all else , is the lesson and harsh fact that no matter how closely we hold someone in our hearts , we never really know them one hundred percent .
The Polleys are so charming and down-to-earth , and their pain so tangible , it 's an absolute heart-breaker .
What Polley unearths is a well of emotion and one of the most powerful new films I 've seen in recent memory .
Simply the most enthralling , idiosyncratic and entertaining family memoir around .
Post-post-modern . Yeah , that 's right , the negation of the negation .
Sarah Polley digs and digs and discovers some shocking skeletons in her own family 's closet .
Deeply affectionate and sometimes very moving .
Sarah Polley does n't just understand this slippery sense of personal truth , she opens a throbbing vein of her own history in the stunning new documentary Stories We Tell .
If a personal memoir film by a beautiful , successful young woman from a nice Toronto family sounds to you like it can only be an excuse for self-absorbed navel-gazing , well , you must not have seen a Sarah Polley movie yet .
When a film like Stories We Tell comes along , you 're reminded how powerful and universal even the most intimate and individual lives can be when captured with intelligence and perspective .
Tender , thoughtful and complex .
Stories We Tell is one of those movies you watch on a screen and replay in your head for days , moving between its many levels of inquiry and touched , always , by Polley 's compassion toward her relatives in particular and people in general .
he opposite of a courageous piece of work , Stories We Tell goes out of its way to protect every single person it touches .
One of the many amazing things about this personal documentary by Toronto actor and filmmaker Sarah Polley is how horribly wrong it could have gone -- but did n't .
Sarah Polley 's remarkable Stories We Tell transcends every cliche in this confessional/investigatory genre , and it 's one of the year 's highlights .
Polley 's ability to uncover truth and to present it for public consumption is bold and brave , and bodes well for her -LRB- hopefully -RRB- continued doc career .
Stories We Tell , uniquely , reveals its process as if we are thinking , sifting and selecting along with the filmmaker .
First it 's a family-tree detective story , then a playful meta-movie , then a maternal melodrama . and along the way , it weaves strong feelings into a dissection of storytelling and truth .
With Away From Her and Take This Waltz , actress Sarah Polley became one of the freshest directorial voices of her generation . Stories We Tell does n't just solidify this assertion , it makes you reappraise how personal those first two films are for her .
It 's the best and most generous creative thing Polley 's ever done , not least because she 's the only person in the world who could have done it .
The circle of family and friends in this movie , and their secrets , is the story . It is about them , not us . Not quite universal in its appeal .
It took a lot of bravery and candor to put this story out there in any form , and for that , -LSB- Sarah -RSB- Polley deserves all our thanks and respect .
To her credit , Polley never attempts to deflect the painful truths that she unearths , leaving them raw and open for us to experience right along with her .
This is a hard-to-classify and very personal doco , a study of the stories families tell each other and the stories we tell ourselves , regardless of whether either are in any way ` true ' .
Canadian actress/director Sarah Polley -LRB- Away from Her ; Take This Waltz -RRB- presents an absorbing family history that is so ingeniously mounted it doubles as a wry commentary on the documentary form , examining our willingness to believe what we see .
Just when you think you know where it 's heading and what it 's emphasising ... the film unexpectedly changes direction . It 's so beautifully done .
An extraordinary work that is both an intellectual examination into the nature of how cinema represents reality as well as a deeply moving personal project .
There are many moments when I was moved to tears - when raw truths involving emotions , are delivered by family members in spontaneous , unrehearsed fashion . Polley has crafted a rare jewel of a film that reveals much about her own family
What is not in doubt is the raw emotion in this work - from Polley quivering with nervous energy as she watches her father read some of the more revelatory pieces of script - to the impact airing the family 's dirty linen in public has on her siblings .
Fascinating personal documentary .
Slowly but surely Polley pieces together her own family 's history to create a kind of cinematic narrative - complete with a twist straight from a soap opera .
An unconventional but wonderfully assembled exploration of how -- and why -- we tell stories , all wrapped in a closely guarded family secret .
Polley is savvy , using her talent as a director -- as a storyteller -- to give it universal appeal even though it 's a very specific account .
Perhaps the most organic , transformative meeting of form and function I 've seen this year .
Stories We Tell is cinema cutting to the profound truth of why we use narrative to make sense of the world .
The movie is n't really about the Polley family : It 's about memory , and loss , and forgiveness , and , through it all , hope . It 'll knock you over .
What emerges is a fascinating and illuminating story , one that runs the gamut from intense joy to deep sadness and features a couple of surprising twists that take proceedings off in strange and unusual directions .
An honest and authentic documentary that powerfully explores the filmmaker 's own family .
Polley 's portrait of modern family life is a playfully profound discussion of narrative forms - the way in which we each construct our own reality through stories , part truth , part invention .
A decent piece of work , but too fussy for its own good .
Polley approaches every character with compassion , intent upon blessing them , and serving the audience with useful questions about how we seek the truth .
Polley is working in the tradition of Orson Welles , but her trickery can be exasperating ; it also neutralises many of the emotional revelations .
With Away From Her and Take This Waltz , actress-turned-filmmaker Polley has proved herself as an unusually gifted director , but this inventive , moving documentary reveals even more artistic ambition .
What saves it is our realisation that it is n't just a documentary .
A bittersweet and compelling autobiographical family portrait .
Kane-like in its mirrored complexity , flashing in its mischievous irony , the story is a shiny maze which Polley enters knowing exactly where and what her Minotaur is - the secret of her paternal parentage - while spinning for us a thread to follow .
Polley ... smilingly tells us that a story like hers can never truly be tied down , even as she screws every last piece into place .
Polley 's cine-tribute is a gripping and absorbing meditation on the unknowability of other lives .
Everyone has a different story . I found myself holding my breath listening to them talk . The story twists like a thriller .
The films greatest achievement is in how deeply mesmerising one woman 's story can be , regardless of whether she 's famous or not .
Honestly , it 's one of the best things you 'll see this year .
Polley 's fearless personal journey is a huge achievement , a genuine revelation - but the less detail you know beforehand , the better . Go in cold , come out warmed .
Sarah Polley is often referred to in Canada as a ` national treasure ' . She 's far more than that . She 's a treasure to the world - period . And so , finally , is her film .
An absorbing exercise not only in documentary excavation but in narrative construction .
Sarah Polley 's exploration of her tangled family history is a complex and thoroughly fascinating inquiry into the nature of truth and memory -- and , inevitably , into Polley herself .
This is simply a gorgeously realised and warmly compiled family album , which lingers with us not because its subjects are so unusual and alien , but because they feel so close to home . What a success .
Sarah Polley 's personal `` documentary '' suffers from one additional emotional beat too many . Otherwise , it 's mesmerizing .
Polley interviews her family and acquaintances with remarkable candor and intimacy , perhaps as a method of catharsis , but it never feels like a vanity project or a simple airing of dirty laundry .
Stories We Tell is not just very moving ; it is an exploration of truth and fiction that will stay with you long after repeated viewings .
The great conceit of Polley 's theories of perspective and truth is that she , as director , ultimately controlled everyone 's memories because she arranged them on film .
As with her other films , when Sarah Polley takes it upon herself to tell us a story , you can bet it 's a tale well-told and one that you 'll want to hear .
Part of the movie 's pleasure is how comfortable the `` storytellers '' are with their director ; you get a sense of a complicated but tight-knit family , going along with Sarah 's project because they love her .
What a great movie .
What Stories We Tell does so brilliantly is both tell the story and tell about how we tell our stories . The truth may not be out there .
This is a warm , brave and thought-provoking piece of autobiography .
Never sentimental , never cold and never completely sure of anything , Polley comes across as a woman caught in wonder .
Stories We Tell shows us that the truth and the way its told are two very different things . Polley 's wonderful documentary honors both by preferring neither .
After you see it , you 'll be practically exploding with questions - and with awe .
Stories We Tell is just the latest reminder of nonfiction film 's current , endlessly innovative state . That 's a story worth savoring .
It 's a relationship drama spanning three decades , a detective mystery , an essay on the nature of memory , and a critique of our need to process messy human life into streamlined narrative arcs even at the cost of oversimplifying .
I could not love it more .
As one watches it , certain questions may arise . But do n't worry - the answers are fascinating .
While I can understand any reluctance to view the personal business of others , Polley moves beyond the routine of therapy to shape an expressive and beautifully considerate documentary .
Sarah might have wrapped up this documentary after her parentage is revealed about 70 minutes in , yet it continues for another 50 as she ruminates over the tale , ... her engrossing personal story gradually devolving into an exercise in self-regard .
With Stories We Tell , actress-turned-director Sarah Polley has proven herself a consummate filmmaker , transforming an incredible personal story into a playful and profound investigation into the nature of storytelling itself .
Stories told again and again have a way of neatening things up . Stories have a way of ironing out the wrinkles . Polley lets the wrinkles remain .
Eventually , the formalistic strictures of the documentary fall away and Polley - her entire family , really - is left facing the reality of the past as the cameras roll .
Sarah Polley 's documentary is a startling mixture of private memoir , public inquiry , and conjuring trick .
Polley imaginatively fills in the past through a hybrid of documentary and fiction -LSB- for -RSB- knowing relevance to oral history , testimonial evidence , and what makes a family .
What I can say is that the movie is dramatically compelling , journalistically fascinating , cinematically profound , and intellectually challenging .
Polley was right to follow her instincts , though , in not attempting to tie everything up . She recognizes that family histories are necessarily contradictory , crazymaking , and essentially unfathomable .
Sheds fascinating light on Polley 's art .
Polley mines her own life to strip naked the essence of storytelling , and what it is about folklore that makes it so essential in shaping our perceptions about who we are and where we come from .
What unfolds is a riveting drama that grows even more so as it plays out .
Stories We Tell starts out as a simple investigation into the life of a mother that director Sarah Polley barely knew and slowly turns into a documentary that is as good as any movie you will see this year .
Do n't be fooled by its deceptively simple title or the hesitant , unassuming way it begins . Writer-director Sarah Polley 's `` Stories We Tell '' ends up an invigorating powerhouse of a personal documentary , adventurous and absolutely fascinating .
A brilliant , thought-provoking documentary .
A fascinating variant on the documentary form that examines what we see , and how we see it .
Where Polley 's work goes from mere family movie to something much greater is in how she uses her own quest for answers to illuminate why & how we tell stories in the first place , especially in the form of film .
Polley 's compassion and curiosity again mark her as both a heartfelt and unforgiving filmmaker .
Even calling `` Stories We Tell '' a documentary seems rather limiting and not entirely accurate ; it 's also a deadpan comedy , a juicy melodrama and a gripping mystery , all cleverly blended together with great focus .
Suspenseful , unpredictable , mature , tender and funny . A triumph .
The movie is convincingly built around the essential truth that we are ultimately defined by our loved ones ' memories and perceptions .
An exercise in family navel-gazing becomes something more meta - less about the stories themselves than about the often uproarious ways in which people tell stories .
A genre-twisting documentary with a fictional vibe that playfully bares the elusive truths about a family of storytellers .
Sarah Polley has blossomed as an actress and , more recently , as a daring and original filmmaker with an Oscar nomination to her credit .
Polley is a good filmmaker but in the end , `` Stories We Tell '' feels less like a film than a family album - and one best appreciated , not by us , but by the Polleys still to come .
The fact that two of the principals - Sarah and Michael , who delivers touching and eloquent on-camera narration that he wrote himself - are accomplished actors adds another level of confusion and interest that help make this compelling storytelling .
`` Stories We Tell '' is two or maybe three dangerous kinds of movies all at the same time , and handled so brilliantly that the result is a transformative , unforgettable work of art .
Sarah Polley has quietly and steadily proved that she is a filmmaker to watch .
`` Stories We Tell '' has a number of transparent virtues , including its humor and formal design , although its most admirable quality is the deep sense of personal ethics that frames Ms. Polley 's filmmaking choices .
I want to start a campaign right now to get Sarah Polley the first screenwriting nomination for a documentary .
The film is a mystery uncovered like a detective story , wrapped in a love letter .
-LSB- an -RSB- engrossing documentary exploration of how the bricks of memory are untidily piled together to create messy and incomplete personal stories , and out of those stories comes a life .
Do n't let anyone spoil the surprises that unravel in this movie as Polley has her brilliant way with the elusiveness of truth .
One of the year 's best films : funny , moving , thought-provoking - and so personal that it strikes universal chords .
Apart from minor details and interpretations , the witnesses do n't often disagree about what happened . What does deepen as the people onscreen go on talking is our relationship with them : The more they reveal themselves , the more attractive they become .
An investigative mystery , a real-life soap opera , and-most compellingly , perhaps-a searching `` interrogation '' -LRB- the director 's word -RRB- of the hows and whys of storytelling itself .
Takes the proposition that reality is more dramatic than fiction and tests it out in a startlingly original , even head-spinning way .
Polley 's documentary , Stories We Tell , attempts to unravel some of the mysteries of her own family 's life , even as it stretches far beyond the confines of your standard navel-gazing autobiography .
Both of Sarah Polley 's previous movies were well-observed , if a bit uneven , but they hold the key to what makes `` Stories We Tell '' so terrific .
Polley has gone further into the thorny subject of forgiveness than any of her peers . Her movies ache with ethical quandary ; Stories We Tell aches the most .
This playful and elegiac documentary is wholly of a piece with Sarah Polley 's fiction work , and just as rewarding .
Canadian documentary skilfully deploys some ambitious creative gambits to explore the director 's own family background .
A study on how facts have repercussions and are interpreted in different ways by different people .
Polley has gone meta-exuberantly , entertainingly , with all her heart .
Self indulgent , yes . But few autobiographical documentaries can boast of the jaw-dropping revelations of this one .
Would `` Stories We Tell '' have been as compelling if Polley did n't add all the post-modern devices to it ? Probably . But the way she tells the story forces us to examine the too-tidy narratives of the stories we tell ourselves .
A groundbreaking documentary written and directed by Sarah Polley about family secrets , memory , forgiveness , and reconciliation .
Sarah Polley is much more interested in the malleability of memory and the consequential refractions felt throughout her kin rather than telling a linear narrative .
Polley points the camera at members of her own family and not only informs on where her directorial efforts stem from but confirm her as one of the best and most interesting filmmakers working today .
-LSB- Stories We Tell -RSB- leaves you wondering about the nature of truth and wanting to know more about the hidden lives of those around us .
The film is oscillating from intriguing to dull , revealing to repetitious , frank to disingenuous , and moving to manipulative .
Sarah Polley 's brave quest to uncover her family 's deepest secrets unfolds like a thriller , one where the resolution is literally part of her DNA .
Tthe probing , emotionally devastating documentary that was , for this critic and many others , the revelation of the first week of the Venice Film Festival . ''


@highlight

In Stories We Tell , Sarah Polley plays with the documentary format to explore the nature of memory and storytelling , crafting a thoughtful , compelling narrative that unfolds like a mystery .