Tyrannosaur is not for everyone . But if you can handle it , its rewards are worth the suffering .
A stunning and memorable debut .
Tyrannosaur is cinema that scars the soul - you 'll only want to see it once , but once is enough .
Those angling for a `` feel-bad '' bummer wo n't be disappointed .
The movie is cruelly frank about the ways damage cascades down to the powerless , but while it 's not for the fainthearted -LRB- or for animal lovers -RRB- , rewards are there .
Considine equates the denizens of a Leeds housing estate with caged beasts and Mullan 's performance is beautifully calibrated - a snarling , dangerous surface hiding the loyalty and affection which can be found underneath .
It sounds like an exercise in miserabilism , but Considine extracts black comedy , compassion , and dignity from his downtrodden characters and their blighted setting .
More so , as familiar as a lot of this Considine does a great job of making it feel fresh and original even if little of it actually is , giving his finished film a lived-in quality that 's undeniable .
Considine makes painterly use of the canvases that are Mullan 's and Colman 's faces , deep pools of ache , in different stages of their descent to a breaking point .
The principals are superb , with Mullan and Colman doing a masterful job of inhabiting their separate but equal prisons .
You wo n't find two finer performances in recent times than those by Mullan and Colman , who in a perfect world would each have received Oscar nominations this week .
A searing drama buoyed by exquisite performances and a keen understanding from its first-time director of the power of the absence of dialog .
If the script ultimately seems a bit extreme -LRB- are there no immediate consequences for Joseph 's tantrums or the criminal outbursts of Hannah 's abusive husband ? -RRB- , it 's often surprisingly successful in pushing the limits of British kitchen-sink drama .
Paddy Considine 's first feature as writer-director comes off like a playwriting exercise , with familiar characters taking every opportunity to wage messy , cathartic arguments or exhume traumatic memories .
-LSB- Mullan and Colman are -RSB- the anchors of the film 's scary , tightly wound world , in which everyone 's spring is dangerously close to being sprung .
The acting - particularly the moving performance of Olivia Colman as a battered spouse living in a grim corner of Leeds , England - is fierce and committed . So why does n't its impact linger ?
This is n't the kind of movie that even has hope enough to contain a message . There is no message , only the reality of these wounded personalities .
A relentlessly-grim yarn revolving around a tragically-flawed trio being slowly swallowed whole by the emotional quicksand of a blue-collar wasteland where there really are n't any winners .
Do n't be afraid of the movie 's grim facade : this is an uplifting journey worth taking .
Does anyone really need to sit through this almost unbearably bleak downer of a movie ?
If only Considine was not so intent on trying to shock us . He succeeds at that , all right - but in doing so he fails his film .
Amidst excruciating violence , the storyline is not as strong as the harrowingly indelible performances .
True , the stars are very good at what they do , but so what ?
Like a bruise , black and blue and more deeply felt than it initially seems .
The performances carry the film and occasionally lift it beyond its kitchen-sink lower-depths doldrums .
Considine lays out his story in little blocks that seem to begin as the characters enter ; no one ever seems to be living between the scenes , and nothing springs to life .
It is the kind of film that leaves you limp , exhausted and feeling battered by the end . But its wrenching performances make the beating worth weathering .
a dire , depressing effort
Propelled by male rage but softened by Considine 's big-hearted understanding of his characters , this bruising slice of urban life rewards our patience .
The characters are trapped , suffocated , pushed through a story that gives them very little room or time to figure themselves out , and that finally turns their feelings into the wan stuff of fable .
Considine 's intense film is n't easy viewing , and surely is n't pretty , but his actors are remarkable .
Tyrannosaur sounds like a particularly extreme work of British working-class miserablism , but Considine and his cast have no use for comfortable distance created by cliché .
Tyrannosaur is British miserabilism at its most numbingly brutal and blunt .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Actor Paddy Considine turns writer/director with an overwrought drama burdened with the earmarks of dramatist trying too hard to make a mark , if not a lasting impression .
Hope ? Redemption ? Catharsis ? Tyrannosaur offers such possibilities , but the trip getting there is brutal , indeed .
As much as Tyrannosaur is well made , bleakly photographed and knowingly directed with an appreciable lack of Hollywood gloss , it still feels like it 's of little use to anybody with a brain .
Mullan plays his unsympathetic character with power and magnetism , but it is Colman 's terrific performance that sticks in the mind , a powerhouse portrayal of one of modern-day suburbia 's many unseen , unheard victims .
A well-made and brilliantly acted film .
Not without its flaws , Tyrannosaur is an auspicious start , and if Considine gains confidence from it , even better may lie ahead .
It 's a brave , tough , truly compassionate film that threatens to bite any hand of comfort held out to it prematurely .
Some of the gritty realism is hard to take , but the commitment to souls in trouble is heartwarming .
It 's art , not fun , be warned . Actually , it has to be said the portrait it so fondly gives of life in Leeds is repellent : drunken , abusive , indolent , violent , and just ugly in every possible respect .
-LSB- H -RSB- arrowing -LSB- and -RSB- difficult to watch -- films about violent men should be harrowing and difficult , not slam-bang entertaining ...
It 's hard to watch at times , though made with an intensity and artfulness you never for a moment doubt .
Like a self-inflicted open wound , Considine keeps things red raw and festering as a painful reminder of the ugly , destructive and secretive side of human nature .
Considine - a photographer before he became an actor - makes a heartfelt but controlled start to a new career here .
The film 's big weakness is its screenplay .
Tyrannosaur is a fearsome debut but it 's subtler than the title suggests - and the film 's uplifting moments make it easier to recommend than the average British misery flick .
The characterization is too thin but the cast do fine work and the drama grips .
Make no mistake , this is a hard and challenging watch .
Vivid , bruising and electrifying .
Certainly a very impressive debut from Considine .
Impressively directed , superbly written and featuring award-worthy performances from all three leads , this is a powerfully moving British drama that confirms Paddy Considine is as talented a director as he is an actor .
At times it feels a little over-familiar , but this is a confident first feature .
This is not a pleasant film , nor one you will probably want to watch again anytime soon . But the volcanic , award-worthy performances from Peter Mullan and Olivia Colman make it an absolute must see .
It 's not a particularly deep or unique statement , but Considine howls it with sincerity and conviction .
A compelling , compact melodrama which shows you something pretty unbearable right at the start then dares you to keep watching .
Like so many other British actors who turn to British miserablism in the warzone of poverty and neglect and crime when they step behind the camera , the redemption is all in the characters and the performance .
A great deal more than a misery memoir on film , this character study is as gripping as any hardboiled thriller , delivering emotional content that 'll stay with you for a long time . Highly recommended .
Approach Considine 's brilliant directorial debut with caution . It 's a pitiless , fearsome beast that will hammer you in the gut , hard . And Olivia Colman will blow you away .
Not a pleasant viewing experience by any stretch of the imagination , and perhaps a little too on-the-nose at times , Tyrannosaur is nonetheless a visceral roar of a debut feature from Considine .
The brutality of Tyrannosaur , actor Paddy Considine 's kitchen-sink directorial debut , is n't so over-the-top as to make Considine 's sympathy for his flawed characters look like a sham .
Both Mullan and Marsan are expectedly stellar , but it 's Colman , a performer better known for TV comedies , who gives the film its deeply moving soul .
Considine has created a malicious and punishing world with a heightened sense of cruelty in which to study his characters .
Considine announces his directorial vision with a morbid character piece sustained by two remarkably intense performances .
It 's actually an uplifting and thoughtful meditation on judgement , about the presumptions we make about other people 's lives .
A grim and focused anatomy of anger carried into our hearts and minds by two intense performances by Peter Mullan and Olivia Coleman .
Tyrannosaur offers up a kitchen-sink vision of suburban England in which women and children cower at the feet of masculine fury .
The bleak story and strong language may appear a handicap , but the film is a thoughtful , uncompromising and at times moving debut driven by quite outstanding performances by Peter Mullan and Olivia Colman .
This is an intense exploration of the corrosive effects of human violence . And its eventual glimmer of redemption is entirely earned , not artificial or consoling .
Olivia Colman is the real revelation . Best known for her comedy turns ... she sinks her teeth into Hannah and does n't let go , expertly creating a magnetic combination of fragility and unexpected steel .
This is a profoundly depressing film at times , but in the end , it also proves to be a surprisingly hopeful one . If you have the stomach for it , TYRANNOSAUR is an intensely rewarding film
A powerful film you ca n't shake and wo n't want to revisit anytime soon .
`` Tyrannosaur '' features tremendous performances in all key roles , even if the overall film occasionally strays into that well-trod genre of British blue collar misery porn .
Brit thesp Paddy Considine makes a strong writing-helming feature debut with `` Tyrannosaur , '' recycling the same cast , characters and setup he used for his 2008 award-winning short `` Dog Altogether . ''
Proves Paddy Considine has a distinctive and singular vision as a filmmaker as if working with so many great filmmakers has rubbed off on him .


@highlight

Tyrannosaur is a brutal , frank , and ultimately rewarding story of violent men seeking far-off redemption .