A glorified home movie , complete with self-congratulary smugness from the band 's original members .
Pineda 's humility is a rare rockumentary commodity , but the film around him is riven with underarticulated tensions : any suspicion that the management might have employed third-world labour to enable the show to go on is simply shrugged off .
Rather than a faux psychological analysis , the film offers instead a general commentary on how class , race , and nationality-as well as gender , even more generally-shape Arnel 's experience .
By the time the band arrives in Manila for Pineda 's emotional homecoming , every note feels as if it 's been earned .
Once this new Journey has become a success , `` Do n't Stop Believin ' '' does n't have a whole lot more to say on the subject .
All mic-ed up , but also all mixed up , this indulgently apportioned doc is a glad-handing fan project all the way .
A heartfelt verité portrait of American pop rock as a global product , reaching into the slums of Manila , and filling stadiums around the world with happy , smiling people .
It feels selectively edited toward a predetermined point of view .
The film is mostly surface-value kicks , relaying the basic parts of the story -LRB- poor guy battling drug and alcohol addiction suddenly makes it big -RRB- without being particularly probing or revealing too many shades of gray .
Entertaining and well-edited , but ultimately shallow .
Pineda is consistently treated as human rather than legend . It 's completely appropriate that the film is just good enough , nothing too extraordinary or lasting in our minds .
Applause for its ambition in scope , which makes it far more than just a commercial for some 80s band 's latest nostalgia tour .
This movie works beyond just a modern-day fairy tale .
Real-life Cinderella story with quiet emotion and a down-to-earth working band make this rock documentary far more than an episode of `` Behind the Music . ''
Watching Do n't Stop Believin ' one always gets the sense that there 's a larger story that Diaz ca n't -- or simply does n't want to -- tell .
As inspiring as much of -LRB- Arnel -RRB- Pineda 's story is , Filipina director Ramona S. Diaz may be a little too enamored with her subject and , subsequently , comes across at times as less than objective .
-LSB- Plods -RSB- from one performance to the next with unnecessary asides for veteran Journey members to talk about their own lives -LRB- trivia of interest to megafans and no one else -RRB- .
As infectious as Pineda 's enthusiasm is , `` Do n't Stop Believin ' '' too often relies on his inherent appeal as a film subject , rarely probing more deeply than the narrative he and his bandmates provide .
The movie , to its credit , is smirk-free , but director Diaz fails to craft the material into much more than an infomercial .
Powered by subject Arnel Pineda 's charm and humour as well as that excellent classic rock soundtrack , Do n't Stop Believin ' : Everyman 's Journey is an inspiring and entertaining fairy tale you really can believe in .
You 'd be hard pressed too many other documentaries that leave you feeling so damn great .
Ms. Diaz settles for a flabby , repetitive showcase for the songs and an attaboy for their newest singer .
Pineda 's ebullience is infectious , and `` Do n't Stop Believin ' : Everyman 's Journey '' is a pleasant story of dreams coming true .
Diaz insists on selling Pineda 's promo-friendly myth at the expense of the richer , more complicated story of a dreamer who learns to become the durable professional his bandmates expect .
An engaging , sweeping overview of Pineda 's story , which is buoyed by the cheesy but classic sounds of Journey and Pineda 's soft-spoken , humble charm .
Though Perry probably wanted nothing to do with her project , his participation might have pushed this glimpse at the band 's evolution into a genuine revelation .
This uplifting rock doc will provide inspiration to countless karoake singers .
Diaz ... emphasizes the uplifting aspects of Pineda 's Journey experience , describing how he came from poverty and delinquency , before he dedicated himself to his craft , caught a lucky break , and became an inspiration to struggling nobodies everywhere .
The best material in the film is the loosest , capturing the perpetually insecure and overcompensating Pineda in his early concerts , leaping , bouncing , careening around as if every moment in every song were an audition for the next moment in the next song .
Pineda is a great subject , and it 's obvious he 's the biggest fan of the man who co-wrote and sang most of his current repertoire .
Part doc , mostly crock .
Well-chronicled and fascinating , Do n't Stop Believin ' is a cinematic journey well worth taking .
If you 're a fan of the band and want to learn more about its relatively new frontman , then the film is a must-see .
Everyman 's Journey is a fun and occasionally inspiring look at a man given the chance to live his dreams that you can sing along with
Though it 's an admirable tale ... it is n't all that interesting .
Unfortunately for this rock doc , this fan-to-frontman saga is not that interesting a turn .
It 's a moving tale made more so because even after he 's `` won , '' Pineda maintains a clear-eyed pragmatism about what living a fairy tale costs .
You do n't have to be a Journey fan because I 'm not . Really . . Less a rockumentary than the story of one man discovering just how much real work goes into living the dream .
Sadly , those looking for any insight into Journey from Ramona Diaz 's documentary are going to have to look elsewhere .
Whether or not you are a fan of Journey 's music , Ramona S. Diaz 's uplifting documentary about Arnel Pineda 's rise from an impoverished Philippian youth to becoming the lead singer for a hugely successful rock band , will charm you .
Without any real conflict , there 's enough story here for 45 minutes to an hour , after which the filmmakers pad it with a brief history of Journey pre-Pineda and scenes from the tour and Pineda 's new life ; a passable feel-good doc , but not very memorable .
It 's nice to watch the members marvel unendingly over their new find , while Pineda himself presents an ideal image of gratitude and hard work .

@highlight

An energetic but thin portrait of the venerable rock band Journey , Do n't Stop Believin ' gets a boost from new singer Arnel Pineda 's charming personality .