Thin , monotonous
No guts and no glory , and not much in the way of comedy , either .
This really should n't have taken five writers and two directors , especially considering the splendor costume designer Julie Weiss achieves all by herself . But it 's not bad for such a thoroughly unitarded concept .
Blades of Glory does n't get the gold , in fact , I think they just miss out on the bronze .
Great fun !
I ca n't imagine what circumstances would lead me to watch the film , in its entirety , a second time . But I 'm glad I saw it once .
... humorous fluff at best but formulaic and predictable .
Sketch comedy stretched to its maximum length , and while it 's good fun , like that big dumb goof in every high school class , it comes oh-so-close to wearing out its welcome .
A no harm-no foul feelgood flick where everybody gets an 11th hour dispensation since Jimmy was really straight all along .
A painless if unremarkable night out , lifted considerably by the over-the-top skating sequences .
Ferrell does n't need a great script or direction to be funny . The man just is funny .
Slight , but amusing vulgar comedy .
Blades of Glory is funny , and that 's all that matters .
The result proves sadly under-choreographed . And choreography is everything in a film that leans as heavily on slapstick as this one .
na tankom ledu
this wacky comedy simply glides over the ice , never falling in the cracks or tumbling off course . Heder plays the angelic-faced blonde-mopped former child protégée ... and Ferrell is the sex addicted Tsunami of Swagger , thrown unwillingly together .
It 's silly and fun with real figure skating personalities involved ... they add a bonus dimension to the jokes -LRB- like throwing in a double toe-loop after landing a triple axle -RRB- .
l'enjouement et la constance avec lesquelles cette connerie nous ait déblatérée la rendent désopilante pour les bonnes raisons
We 'll keep tolerating Ferrell as long as he throws in a ` Stranger Than Fiction ' or ` Elf ' every now and again .
An elongated comedy sketch , without any depth or development .
Exceeded my very low expectations ... Despite the dry spells between genuine laughs , the movie feels over and done with , but does n't really leave you wanting more . It 's just right , and just a little flat .
Some of the laughs are inspired and big , and while you wish the movie was as cruel as you know the figure skating world really is , at least it is n't afraid of being silly .
You may need diapers -LRB- if you do n't normally wear them -RRB- to view this . . Let the world rest a while and enjoy the silliness .
The comedy is disposable because Ferrell and Heder do n't bother being recognizably human .
Solid formula that is guaranteed to tickle most everyone 's funny bone several times
Cavorting on the ice in their elaborate figure skating costumes , Will Ferrell and Jon Heder made me laugh so much my stomach ached .
`` Blades of Glory '' will have Will Ferrell fans dizzy with laughter.Silly , uneven , but hilarious when it 's funny , the show might remind his fans of `` Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby . ''
The week 's pleasant surprise was finding myself chuckling and occasionally laughing out loud at Blades of Glory .
I found myself not even giggling .
Roughly twice as good as a movie with such a thin comedic premise deserves to be .
Ferrell Still Rocks Even When He 's Coasting
After Ferrell 's manchild partners with a fey figure-skating rival -LRB- Heder -RRB- , it 's strictly uninspired buddy-comedy bickering .
There is a steady stream of laughs and narrative interest . Blades is n't quite as funny as Zoolander or Dodgeball , but it deserves a solid score from the judges .
Will Ferrell is funny . Just looking at him makes you chuckle . Jon Heder is funny looking . Together , they make an amusing duo . And Blades of Glory is a funny film .
I ca n't remember a time when I have laughed so long and hard at a decapitation gag .
Formula rules , as Ferrell applies his schtick to another sport . But there 's enough silly spectacle and eye-popping costumes to compensate .
For a similar film that offers more laughs by taking it to the limit , rent the Farrelly brothers ' 1996 bowling gem Kingpin .
Hilarious comedy with superb comic performances from Heder and Ferrell and some impressive digital trickery during the ice skating scenes .
Personable enough , though genuine belly laughs are in short supply .
While I still think Will Ferrell is a hilarious guy , these Blades are disappointingly dull .
`` Blades of Glory '' is not a great comedy but one with enough laughs , skating action and attitude to amuse its audience ...
Blades of Glory has the sport 's absurd elements down cold and skates by on Ferrell 's comic bluster . Even the French judge would agree .
You know something 's amiss in ` Blades of Glory ' when ringside commentators Scott Hamilton and Jim Lampley have the best lines .
Together , though , -LSB- Ferrell and Heder -RSB- strike enough sparks to earn a 5.8 for artistic interpretation and a 6.0 for effort .
It has taken the world 's best James Lipton imitator almost a decade to hit number one at the box office . Credit movie screen experience and perfectly matched material .
If they gave Oscars for Best Performance by a Comedic Actor playing an endearingly clueless oaf in a sports comedy ... Will Ferrell would be up for the Lifetime Achievement Award by now .
A star-studded broad comedy designed to make you forget your cares and have 93 minutes of good goofy fun . On that level , it succeeds as beautifully as a well-executed triple axle .
The plot is extremely thin but a spoof of ice skating was inevitable , and I 'm glad Ferrell is the one to do it .
Some scenes are funny , some not . That balance ought rate a flat out B , but there were a handful of scenes that were so funny that they tied me in knots , so ... B
That 's Craig T. Nelson . ` Hey Craig , where have you been ? I was beginning to think your career was built on an ancient Indian burial ground ! '
The Ferrell Formula has by now got most of its kinks worked The film takes aim at a particular career choice , the protagonist exposes his body and utterly unrockable worldview , and the costar -LRB- s -RRB- surrender to Ferrellworld , wherein conventional masculinity
Light and silly , and maybe not on a level with Ferrell 's funniest work , but still entertaining .
... it 's funnier than Wild Hogs , which is about as ringing an endorsement as I 'm capable of these days .
It may be ice , but Will Ferrell is on fire . That 's right , I said it .
There are some clever and raunchy sight gags , but after a fast start Blades of Glory loses its edge .
This silly , satirical comedy glides in , skating on thin ice .
You need a perfectly timed double take to work with Will Ferrell , and Jon Heder thankfully possesses a formidable one .
The filmmakers wisely surrounded themselves with people who know how to wring solid belly laughs out of a paper-thin premise .
Ferrell is n't breaking new ground , but one day -- when he 's branching out to play psycho killers and getting in touch with his inner Thespian -- we 'll look back on his clowning period and wonder why he would want to do anything else .
Blades Of Glory does what a good Ferrell vehicle is supposed to do -- it strings enough good bits together to keep the tissue-paper story from tearing , and it comes in at 90 minutes . And that 's as close to sticking the landing as it 's going to get .
Predictably goofy-minded and off-centered , Blades is a desired guilty pleasure for Ferrell fans that want to park their funnybones at the nearest skating rink .
herky-jerky from beginning to end ... an increasingly tiresome string of sight gags about men groping other men , punching each other in the crotch and practicing silly routines .
Blissfully silly , triumphantly tasteless and improbably hilarious .
Some of the best lines are featured in the TV commercials , making you wish the premise had lived up to its promise .
Blades of Glory is only slightly less funny -- if you ask ignorant old me -- than watching real figure skating . It 's your coin .
Blades is an acceptable Friday evening diversion , most of which will have run through your system by Saturday morning .
Even with a few extra pounds , he 's comic grace on ice .
A silly spoof that 's often unexpectedly sweet .
They do n't quite nail it .
It 's worth the admission price just to watch Ferrell and Heder , both more than 6 feet tall , take turns lifting each other and to see Heder 's ankles wrapped around his co-star 's neck .
On ice , the movie is often fairly funny . Off it , the garish outfits , the genitalia jokes , the beer-slob gags about gays , the women as cheap laughs , even the cute guest cameos start to shiver and melt .
Equal parts inspiration , perspiration and hairspray , Blades of Glory is silly and enjoyable but not as consistently funny as Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby , Ferrell 's last sports spoof .
-LSB- Will Ferrell 's -RSB- new film is easily on a par with -LSB- his -RSB- earlier efforts .
Blades of Glory is a feeble satire that does n't do much that 's incisive or interesting , and the tame PG-13 rating keeps the raunchiness in check .
If there was an Olympics for purely fun movies , this would skate away with one of those pretty medals .
Dumb with a capital D , Blades of Glory takes its -LRB- almost -RRB- fleshed-out sketch-comedy idea as far as an ice-skating buddy movie with we 're - not-gay jokes and a psycho stalker can go .
Blades of Glory is directed by the two guys who make the Geico caveman commercials . They have n't made a first-rate Ferrell comedy , but they do understand the kind of absurdism and physical comedy prized by his fans .
It asks the rhetorical question , ` So what 's wrong with the idea of a guy-guy pairs team ? ' On the other hand , Jimmy 's butt-strutting in that peacock suit , his mincing walk , play right into the stereotypes that boneheads everywhere love to laugh at .
Silly as a drag queen convention and subtle as an un-flushed toilet , Blades of Glory is everything you 'd hope for in a Will Ferrell comedy .
Blades does n't hit the non sequitur heights of Anchorman or Talladega Nights , but the cast is great and several gags hit hard .
The sheer dreamy silliness of Will Ferrell 's new comedy , Blades of Glory , carries it for a remarkably long time . Even after the movie starts recycling ideas and turns formulaic with an overextended chase sequence , it 's impossible to dislike .
Two actors with unique personas , Ferrell and Heder make a good combo , delivering winningly funny wordplay and skate moves .
You know those one-joke Saturday Night Live sketches that start to age after six minutes ? Blades of Glory is one joke that lasts 93 minutes , costs $ 11 and could involve sitting next to a guy who retells the movie into his cellphone .
The directors , Will Speck and Josh Gordon , nail the subtext and straight-faced deportment of Ferrell 's best movies .
Blades is not quite Talladega Nights on Ice , but it 's a lot of fun .
Critics may accuse Ferrell of making a career out of insider sports comedies , with Blades hot on the heels of Talladega Nights , but it 's still a funny , well-rounded package that lets the talents of other cast shine , too .
Eventually the film 's limitations catch up with it , and you start feeling like you 've seen all this before , maybe just not told exactly the same way .
-LSB- The directors -RSB- have n't quite managed to make Blades of Glory feel that different from most commercial Hollywood comedies -- even with all that help from the sport itself .
Ferrell 's best laugh-out-loud vehicle since Anchorman .
The comedy might stumble as nearly as much as it glides , but there is more than enough sheer , side-splitting absurdity to justify your attention and admission .
Definitely pushes the envelope of crotch jokes and slapstick humor , but there are enough completely original bits that work to recommend it .
Blades of Glory is too broad to be satire and not mean enough by half -- in any case , competitive figure skating already does a pretty good job spoofing itself .
As with the recent hit middle-aged road comedy Wild Hogs , Blades of Glory tries to work maximum comic mileage from heterosexual men 's fear of proximity to other men 's penises .
`` Blades of Glory '' sets the stage for outrageous cheesiness from its opening shot when a beautiful four-year-old orphan dressed in a cheap hand-knit body suit skates implausibly well to the tune of Andrea Bocelli 's `` Con Te Partiro . ''
Stupid is as stupid does , and ` Blades of Glory ' does stupid right .
A gold medal winner with HUGE laughs . Check your brain at the door for this one and you wo n't be disappointed .
Whatever negative things there are to say about Blades of Glory , it 's still funny .
All this talent gives Blades Of Glory high technical marks , but it 's the presentation that 's less than Olympic .
If Blades of Glory is n't quite a triple-Lutz , nailed-it triumph of a movie , it 's still loads of laughs and guaranteed to please audiences everywhere .
Ferrell scores again in Blades of Glory , a comedy that would not seem to need making .
Blades of Glory does n't pack quite the wallop of Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby , but it offers enough rewards to keep Ferrell fans happy .
The comedy plunges so deep into lame -LRB- lamé ? -RRB- it comes out on the side of fangless fun .
Both fun and edgy . It 's crowd friendly comedy that still knows how to push against the borders .
I 'd try to avoid the usual cliche of saying this is a fine 10-minute Saturday Night Live sketch that 's padded with another 80 minutes of filler , but if this unclever and mostly unfunny film does n't bother to put in any effort , why should I ?
It 's one of Ferrell 's lightest , least edgy movies , and you 'd need a microscope to find things at which to take serious offense .
Blades is most gloriously goofy in those moments when Ferrell follows his own advice and leaps above the compulsory comedy .
As long as it 's near the ice , Blades of Glory sticks a lot of its landings .
If you liked Anchorman or Talladega Nights , you 'll get the same thing here with Ferrell 's locker-room brand of humor .
It is n't terrible , just terribly lazy . How many comedians would play two different sex-addicted lunkheads named Chazz in two different movies ? Some funny bits here and there , but Will Ferrell 's sports shtick is badly glazed over .
Although Will Ferrell does supply most of the film 's intermittent laughs , the ridiculous concept and poor execution put `` Blades '' at the bottom of Ferrell 's otherwise winning resume .
How do you put fire & ice together and get gold ? It takes a lot of work and in the midst of all the great one liners you have a solid comedy .
Heder , with his snappy reactions and his bride-of-Elton-John skating ensembles , is funny beyond the call of a second banana . And Ferrell , with his little piggy eyes and his bursts of unfounded braggadocio , is frequently hilarious . We 've seen him do this s
Completely and shamelessly silly , the movie elicits more than enough big laughs to make even the most cynical and parsimonious moviegoer feel like he got his money 's worth of entertainment .
The script 's failure leaves a heavy burden on the cast , and how well they compensate is both a testament to their talent and a waste of it .
Yes , Will Ferrell is once again playing a macho jerk in dire need to learn some life lessons -- in spandex and ice skates , no less . But honestly , can anyone else do it better ?
It 's Ricky Bobby and Napoleon Dynamite on ice ... the film for all the people who loved that Snickers Super Bowl ad and were upset when it was pulled .
Having to watch so many wonderful comedic actors suffer through it makes it all the more depressing .
... the latest in a seemingly endless line of unremarkable comedies featuring Will Ferrell ...
Ferrell and Heder have yet to prove themselves as great actors , but they are great clowns , working the material for all it 's worth .
With Blades of Glory , Will Ferrell and Jon Heder stake an early claim to being the comedy couple of the year .
There may be an overabundance of pain jokes , crotch jokes and painful crotch jokes , but at the end of the program , this farce is the triple axel of comedy .
The blissfully silly Blades of Glory is one of those rare comedies that puts a goofy smile on your face with the premise alone , and keeps it planted there right until its wacky finale .
The textbook definition of a Passable Matinee Comedy , Blades of Glory will please Will Ferrell 's fans and irritate those who think figure skating is an activity worthy of reverence .
The film is modestly entertaining , but it would have been much funnier if Ferrell had had a more qualified partner to work with .
Ferrell makes up for everything with his flawless delivery , both subtle and outrageous .
A spirited addition to this line of movies , but , alas , the formula is starting to wear around the edges .
Listen , I 'm not going to tell you I loved this thing . Even if I did , I 'm pretty positive those who have read me for a while would probably figure out pretty darn quickly I 'm lying through my teeth .
A true ice queen sandwich !
It certainly has n't taken long for Ferrell to settle comfortably into the comedic trap of repeating his most popular persona .
When faced with Will Arnett and Jon Heder , you can sense Ferrell is overcompensating on purpose .
More concerned with forcing random humor within its setup than finding the real humor that 's there .
All of the requisite parts are there - silly outfits , crazy hair , outrageous dialogue , and Jenna Fischer from The Office stealing my heart with every wholesome , sweeter-than-a-Cadbury-Egg smile .
Blades of Glory is not quite Anchorman or Talladega Nights but a good enough entry to round out Ferrell 's humbled arrogance trilogy .
Instead of just trying to be gross , as so many comedies resort to , Blades of Glory actually knows comedy and when a situation has been stretched for all it 's worth . Fortunately there is a scene of equal or greater comedy on deck .
Ferrell 's testosterony shtick fails to tweak any notions of athletic masculinity because it 's only used as a conventionally humorous juxtaposition for ice-skating 's mocked femininity .
It 's the sort of movie you have to see twice because you were laughing so hard , you missed half the jokes the first time around .
It may seem like faint praise to deem Blades of Glory par for the course , but when the par is that funny , it 's no mean feat .
Exhausted and riddled with bad timing .
Will Ferrell seems to be working his way through every sport ever covered on ESPN . With figure skating , he has found a target-rich environment for comedy .
The movie is at its funniest and most original when zinging the sometimes pretentious milieu of competitive figure skating .
It does feature a few guilty laughs throughout -- and a couple of really big laughs toward the end .
It 's Ferrell who does most of the heavy lifting ... -LSB- and -RSB- kudos to costume designer Weiss whose clothes get laughs both on and off the ice .
The movie really should be much funnier than it actually is .
-LSB- A -RSB- sporadically funny but never really inspired sports comedy .
This is a one-joke movie : A chubby klutz doing a lutz . But Ferrell does klutzy so well that it 's just as funny during the last reel as in the first one .
Farrell and Heder are pretty funny , but they 're consistently upstaged by supporting players William Fichtner , Will Arnett , and Amy Poehler .
Even the surprises are n't particularly surprising here . But the comic performers all deliver .
Blades takes a hard fall long before it can even nab a medal for fluff .
Blades of Glory does have its moments of loopy ingenuity , even if none of them goes quite far enough .
If your only goal for going to the movies this weekend is to indulge in mindless laughter , then you ca n't go wrong here .
Like most Will Ferrell movies , it has enough riotous moments to carry you through the dull stretches .
Blades of Glory , although mildly amusing , has the dank odor of having gone to the well once too often .
This is essentially a one-joke film , but between -LSB- Ferrell and Heder -RSB- , they keep that joke buoyant by finding every possible variation on the relationship between Chazz and Jimmy played out at the level of petulant six-year-olds .
Ferrell is the rare screen comedian who does n't mind sharing the wealth , and the laughs , with his co-stars , and here he has surrounded himself with some funny people .
-LSB- F -RSB- unny ... only if you think there is something amusing about men who are anything other than the Hummer-driving , date-raping , ` hot-blooded ' caricature of a manly man .
Blades of Glory does n't reinvent the wheel -- in fact , its knowledge of the wheel probably does n't extend beyond ` of cheese ' and ` of Fortune . '
To see seemingly regular guys utterly stripped of dignity and defense is cruel enough , but crueler still is the laughter that you can not seem to stop from rupturing your lungs and aorta .
A lot of Blades feels as outdated as the old scoring method it uses but that real figure skating has banished .
An acerbic , satirical and richly comic escapade -- or should that be ice capade ?
The plot is n't much , but that 's OK : The directing team of Will Speck and Josh Gordon throw their jokes at the wall in rapid succession , and most of them stick .
It may not take Ferrell in any new directions , but it proves that in the right context , looking like Kurt Russell 's puffy brother in flaming Spandex , on ice , can give a guy an edge .
One of the most keenly perceptive comedies ever made about straight male bonding , fear of intimacy , and masculinity . Not to mention figure skating .
... pales next to its predecessors . While there are some laughs here -- the best of which sound like Ferrell improvisations -- there are nowhere near enough to sustain a feature .
One day some enterprising company will probably package Ferrell 's sillier comedies together for a boxed DVD set . It has its moments , but Blades of Glory probably wo n't be the first one of the bunch you watch .
Blades does capture the obvious eccentricities of the skating world , and is funny up to a point , but by now Ferrell & Co. have the formula for a mild comedy down pat . What they need is a little soul .
It sounds formulaic , but it 's formula done right .
As silly as would be expected , but , as usual , from this comedy machine , some good laughs along the way .
This exhibition of infantilism is all very silly , of course , but worse it 's not terribly funny .
The script is sharp and fast , and almost keeps up with the hilarious cast .
It 's hard to dislike a movie that has the funniest decapitation gag in years .
The directors make bold choices that keep the audience guessing . For instance , there 's no groin-punch joke until 40 minutes in . For a Will Ferrell movie , that 's a record .
The film will be a hit , but I 'm still disappointed that the film skates by on the bare minimum of effort .
Blades of Glory has funny moves even when its characters can barely move , but the film seldom gets past its one basic laugh : that a real man figure-skating is a contradiction in terms .
In this lighthearted homage to the homoeroticism of figureskating Will Ferrell has delivered an unusually funny flick .
It 's the new Will Ferrell movie . Need we say more ?
Why is it whenever a male comic actor is desperate for a laugh , he invariably begins licking his fingertips and stroking his nipples ? This is a new hack staple -- the physical equivalent of complaining about airplane food .
-LSB- There 's -RSB- enough funny material for a great little Saturday Night Live sketch . The trouble is , there 's an extra 80 minutes or so of down time in which Ferrell , Heder and their co-stars are pretty much repeating their characters ' shallow schtick .
Ferrell is playing Ricky Bobby on Ice with a lot of the same obvious and predictable gags , but it succeeds best when it takes advantage of its talented cast and lets them do their thing .







@highlight

Thanks to the spirited performances of a talented cast - particularly Will Ferrell and Jon Heder as rivals-turned-teammates -- Blades of Glory successfully spoofs inspirational sports dramas with inspired abandon .