If you like black humor and enjoy mystery movies with a touch of perversion , Mother is just what you need to start your weekend off on the right foot . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film wears its aesthetic sophistication lightly -LRB- ... -RRB- Bong takes the idea of the primacy of perception over reality to its ultimate extreme .
Hye-ja Kim gives an Oscar-worthy performance . A very good , very cool piece of cinema .
` Mother ' has ` American remake ' written all over it .
This Korean film packs a serious punch , has a killer crossover , but sort of loses its momentum at the end .
Bong 's opening and climactic scenes , in which the old woman bops around to a dance tune amid a vast field of yellow grass , are typical of the movie 's cockeyed poetry .
An oddball sinister murder mystery that 's much more than that .
Mother is a superbly-made thriller with some scenes which will make the hairs stand up on the back of your neck .
A deceptively simple and humorous tale with wonderfully nasty flashes of violence that feel entirely real .
Beautifully crafted and full of surprises Mother grows more compelling as it unfolds .
The film has visual panache , but it 's the way Bong uses such a unique character to tap into the lonely , damaged nature of the private eye archetype that really makes Mother stand out .
Another quality Bong hit .
Bold , unpredictable and quietly devastating , Mother is Bong 's first masterpiece .
Mother is always a little larger than life -- a little richer and more strongly defined -- while never making life , real life , seem less than the full and focused object of its gaze .
If you 're a fan of foreign cinema , keen to catch one of this year 's best imports ... Mum 's the word .
Echoing Bong 's previous output , a seam of absurd and precisely paced humour adds unpredictability to the ostensibly simple story , defying genre conventions while playfully satirising the film 's stereotypes .
Mother is shot and edited with wonderful precision , and Bong continues to stun with his unerring ability to strike a perfect balance between the film 's lighter and darker elements .
Bong dredges up dread from the mousy determination of Hye-ja 's Miss Marple-like detective work -- her meekness hides an astonishing fortitude ...
Mother is more focused than The Host , operating as a strong genre film even though Bong skilfully undermines many of the murder mystery conventions .
A superbly well-assembled film with surprises in store every step of the way .
Bong presents his characterizations with a blend of black humor and pathos ... He also happens to write -LRB- along with co-writer Park Eun-kyo -RRB- one heck of a narrative .
Mother 's success partly owes to Bong 's twisty mystery script , but the South Korean film would n't fly without the achingly intense performance of Kim Hye-ja . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Hye-ja is beautifully understated in the central role and her subtle performance alone does much to take the edge off the film 's more hyperbolic twists and turns .
There 's just as surely a monster lurking in the frames of Bong Joon-ho 's latest , though its actual form is less defined than in his previous feature , The Host .
Bong directs with an amazing clarity , both in his images and in the logic of his storytelling .
This movie directed by Bong Joon-ho -LRB- `` The Host '' -RRB- takes you in unexpected directions . It is virtually impossible to figure out whodunit with the bizarre twists . Kim gives an absolutely amazing performance , displaying a. . .
As a mystery , Mother dishes a couple of shocking turnarounds , but its real value is as a character study of a woman whose desperate love pushes her to decisive action , even if the source of her devotion is n't worth it .
What initially appears a twisty riff on uncritical devotion slowly but surely reveals itself as something infinitely more twisted .
Superficially a Hitchcock-type thriller , Mother is really a visually rich , detail-filled , character-driven mystery with a powerful central performance .
In the end , it 's not quite like anything but itself .
Starts out as a comedy , transforms into a quirky Agatha Christie whodunnit and finishes with an unpredictable Hitchcockian flourish .
Kim Hye-ja is a dynamo of determination at the center of Bong Joon-ho 's latest drama . No subtlety allowed .
You 've never met a mother quite like this one .
It is Hye-ja Kim that carries Mother , making her mother of a Mother an all-suffering , all-enduring victim who acquires more spine and subtler shadings as the story deliberately , patiently reveals its secrets .
Bong has delivered a sumptuously photographed drama , which is complemented by scenes of wry humour , a haunting soundtrack and several visually striking scenes that will stay with audiences long after the somewhat underwhelming conclusion .
Disturbing , enthralling and filled with interesting shots that reflect an artist 's eye .
Bong is a talent to heed .
... a strange and unsettling film that veers dangerously close to melodrama and slows to a crawl near the 50-minute mark . It 's also one of the best films I 've seen in a while , a beautiful and funny and oddly plausible sortof horror movie
An unnerving and deviously wicked tale of motherly devotion gone awry
Mother is a unique , convoluted journey along the bland surfaces and into the dark recesses of mother love . For those that believe in justice , this movie probably is not for you .
Bong retains a tenderness for his creations that belies his pessimistic view of human nature .
It 's Bong 's best film yet , an intriguingly sour art-house treat , and one of the most rewarding films of the new year .
... fascinating character touches and vignettes of urban Korean life ...
Bong once again pulls off the impressive trick of telling a story that manages to work as a splendid , straightforward example of a time-honored genre as well as a slyly subversive take on its conventions .
It has some very effective moments . And what really holds our interest throughout is the quietly forceful performance of actress Kim Hye-ja , who plays the title character .
Really strange and fascinating .
It is a crazy mixture of genres and very stimulating .
Like classic film noir , sinister mood-making with an irreverence toward convention .
It 's deliriously creepy .
Bong leads the viewer by the nose down a very carefully prepared path , revealing little elements of his story one at a time in that expert way in which great filmmakers always keep their audience one step behind but eager to catch up .
It is the subtlety and dexterity of Bong that lift his thriller to the ranks of Hitchcockian suspense .
Director Bong Joon-ho builds stylish Hitchcockian suspense around a singular character who 's hysterical in both senses of the word .
Mother is a film made up of intimate , darkly humorous details stitched into a broader , more heartbreaking whole .
As with director Bong Joon-ho 's previous film The Host , Mother also is a movie about a monster . Only this one wears an apron .
Kim offers one of the fullest and deepest performances seen in years . A great film .
Turns genre conventions on their head in creating a thoroughly engrossing mixture of murder mystery , psychological thriller and very black comedy .
The film is labyrinthine and deceptive , and not in a way we anticipate . It becomes a pleasure for the mind .
It 's the finest work yet by a filmmaker who knows how to turn the toxins poisoning our lives into a figment of savage power and delight .
Funny , tragic , disquieting , and absurd , it 's also nothing less than terrifying on a primal level
An alluring piece of work , an artful whodunit that melds shrewd plotting with resourceful camera work and sympathetic characters that are fascinatingly , morbidly off .
Nothing in this movie plays out the way you expect it to . Bong 's style is comically tart even in the film 's most noirish moments .
Do we laugh or do we cry ? In Bong Joo-ho films , the two reactions need not be mutually exclusive .
`` Mother , '' a film that might also be described as Douglas Sirk on crystal meth , is Joon-ho Bong 's follow-up to `` The Host '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , his fantastic , Seoul-set monster movie -LRB- Bong contributed to the omnibus film `` Tokyo ! '' in between -RRB- . The new film is an Eastern
Mother is more effective in earlier , reserved moments , built around the quiet horror of a town 's indifference to a brutal crime .
You never know where Mother is going to go next . All you know is that you 're in the hands of a master with an appreciably bent sense of humor .
recalls the South Korean helmer 's earlier triumph Memories of Murder
Another must-see marvel of horror , comedy , and impeccable filmmaking by the Korean director Bong Joon-ho .
There are twists aplenty and if some of the deductions arrive too easily as a result of contrived clues and convenient witness testimony , those credulity hurdles are easily vaulted in the name of a good story .
... a complex tale of love , crime , passion and circumstance that centers on the terrifically nuanced character , Mother ,
Another must-see marvel of horror , comedy , and impeccable filmmaking by the Korean director Bong Joon-ho ...
Though diligently paced and sharp to look at , the mysteries inside Mother are , finally , bloodless .
A riveting , intelligent and engrossing murder-mystery boasting an unforgettably brave and captivating performance by Kim Hye-ja .
This is an extraordinary film in so many ways .
a powerful thriller that manages to reassure you with feelings that everything will be alright , and yet suggests that its welcoming , maternal embrace may prove every bit as constricting as the dangers that lie beyond it .
Drawing inspiration from equal parts Oedipus Rex and Alfred Hitchcock , Bong weaves an engrossing murder-mystery .
An engrossing , Korean Hitchcockian thriller that showcases the dangers of unbridled maternal affection .
At its heart , it is a probing of mother love carried to extremes in various and unexpected ways ; Bong , as nervy as Quentin Tarantino , evokes the profundity of Sophocles only to compound one bleakly comic irony upon another .
Bong 's ability to sustain three or four different tones in one movie without betraying the emotional truth of the story is nothing short of amazing : He can pat his head , rub his stomach , and break our hearts all at the same time .
Though richly and believably drawn , Mr. Bong 's characters are often opaque and mysterious , given to sudden rages , behavioral blurts and hiccups of weird humor . But it 's this very mystery that can make them feel terribly real .
Bong realizes the treasure he has in Kim and allows the camera to fixate on her -- in wide shots of glowing fields and in unforgiving close-ups .
A slippery , marvelously crafted drama that suggests the psychological thrillers of Hitchcock or Henri-Georges Clouzot transposed to present-day Korea .
This is filmmaking of a high order .
Bong 's superb follow-up to his cult-hit monster flick The Host , Mother is the vividly realized , ingeniously plotted and often blackly comedic story of a woman who will do anything to free her son from jail .
By far the most memorable thing about Mother is Hye-ja 's impassioned performance
Mother considers the various ways children are shaped by their acquaintances -- who may not have their best interests at heart -- as well as by family members who mean well , but still make mistakes .
Mother returns Bong to familiar cinematic ground , taking on a slightly comic , utterly transfixing murder mystery that pins violence and messy displays of injustice on the most saintly of screen images : dear old mom .
Technically brilliant but heartless .
The easy comparison here is to Hitchcock , but Bong moves at a slower pace , more like Claude Chabrol . And , like both of those forebears , Bong certainly knows how to generate suspense .
Director Bong continues to be on par with Park Chan-wook , Kim Ki-Duk and other -LRB- Korean filmmakers -RRB- in terms of pushing the envelope in what can be done with storytelling on film .
Bong is so concerned with whodunit that his creaky genre mechanics diminish Kim 's determined performance : She 's often shunted to the side of the action ...
As in his overrated sci-fi monster movie The Host , Bong uses outrageous , over-scaled violence to offset his superficial look at family dynamics .
-LSB- A -RSB- subtle , yet no less visceral , horror-comedy , fully worthy of its primal title .
Bong is less interested in shocks than in the synergy between the country 's vast fields and the equally mysterious inner landscape of the dazed matriarch making her way across them .
Bong 's film is thoroughly entrancing , a strange , disorienting snapshot of motherly protectiveness driven to its self-destructive extremes .
Korean auteur Bong Joon-ho pulls back a giant rubber band of suspense over a wrongfully imprisoned son before letting it snap back under the caring hand of the boy 's mother -- brilliantly played by Kim Hye-je .
A sleeper , a film of deceptive power that sneaks up on you ... builds to a climax that is both shattering and filled with deliciously acrid irony .
The fact that Mother keeps its balance is a tribute to the leading actress ...
Part murder mystery , part domestic melodrama , part dark comedy , Mother is also a wholly original treat that confirms writer-director Bong Joon-ho 's deft touch with multiple tonalities , plus his status as South Korea 's preeminent modern auteur .
Korean writer/director Bong Joon-ho affirms his place among the art cinema masters with his latest endeavour , Mother .
If Bong does not provide airtight evidence that a mom will do anything for her child , who does ?
A maior prova da eficácia de uma obra como esta reside no fato de sairmos da sala de projeção inquietos e questionando o que faríamos no lugar daquelas pessoas - especialmente se constatarmos surpresa diante de nossas próprias respostas .
Kim Hye-Ja 's performance is absolutely magnificent , the kind of performance that seems to radiate straight out of the actress 's body .
Its wizardly craft provide -LSB- s -RSB- further evidence that Bong is one of the most formidable filmmaking talents to have emerged this decade ...
Changing pace after the horror yarn The Host , director Bong Joon-ho 's fourth feature is a compelling mystery thriller as well as a darkly intense study of mother-son relationship .
Korean film-maker Bong Joon-ho 's fourth feature film , Mother , displays an assurance in suspenseful story telling that is remarkable .
Bong Joon-ho remains a filmmaker of sympathetic wit , using often-comic situations to frame the story 's intense tragedy and pathos .
As with Bong 's other films , the genre plot is really an excuse to explore broader social issues , which he does with skill and dry wit . The result is a slightly overlong but entertaining and rather unexpected thriller .
It 's elegant , witty , tightly plotted and absolutely gripping .
Filled with the elegant compositions and mood-drenched cinematography which are becoming Bong 's specialty , Mother is a largely satisfying film which marks the director out as South Korea 's most versatile young auteur .
A superb murder mystery , with twists coming thick and fast yet always at the right moments .
Less visionary than Bong 's 2003 serial-killer mystery , `` Memories of Murder , '' but with the same skillfully natural evocation of a rural community hiding dark secrets .
Mother is competent , no more , no less .

@highlight

As fleshy as it is funny , Bong Joon-Ho 's Mother straddles family drama , horror and comedy with a deft grasp of tone and plenty of eerie visuals .