... Watts manages to transmit all the pain she suffers and what goes through the head of the protagonist ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A heart-wrenchingly tense survival drama based on ` an incredible true story ' of a far more ` homely ' looking Spanish family , this is a cut above 1990s eco-disaster movies such as Dante 's Peak .
The virtuoso film-making of the wave sequence will beckon you to look , and still , you may also flinch .
Director Juan Antonio Bayona conducts this symphony with a steady hand and a wonderful visual eye .
We 've seen video accounts of this horrific tsunami , but little prepares viewers for its realistic re-enactment in The Impossible . And little prepares the film 's principals for the terror that ensues .
What 's meant to be a triumphant true story about succeeding under impossible odds ends up feeling more like a Lifetime TV movie .
Their story may not be typical , but the family represents the resilience , compassion , and optimism of the whole human race .
An emotionally-captivating and well-filmed true tale .
A harrowing tale of perseverance and the search for safety amidst horrid destruction .
As in a horror film , it does n't matter anymore who these people are - only how they react .
Spanish director Juan Antonio Bayona exploits an international tragedy to tell a syrupy story about a wealthy white family dealing with adversity while completely ignoring the thousands of others who suffered as much or worse .
Juan Antonio Bayona 's The Impossible is an emotional tale of hope and survival , shot with an unafraid eye for disaster and tragedy .
... a terrific horror movie , one that genuinely grips and shocks its audience and forces empathy with the would-be victims .
Inexcusable is a better word to describe the fact this amazing film was not given a Best Picture Oscar nomination .
A tale that largely tells itself ... with a little essential help from Hollywood 's best special effects guys , that is .
... come for the drama , just be ready to leave your nagging questions outside the theater .
Technically impeccable , The Impossible gives the brutal caprice of nature its due , never romanticizing it or demonizing it .
The true stand-out performance comes from 16-year-old Holland , whose cinematic debut is nothing short of extraordinary .
The aim appears to be audience immersion , as if The Impossible really wants to almost drown you along with its stars - albeit in your own tears .
There 's nothing much to this fact-based film , storywise ... It 's in the sheer resilience of the characters that the film finds its drive .
Perhaps the biggest problem is its labelling as a ` Disaster Movie ' , as this is in fact intended as a study of the power - and the stubbornness - of the human spirit .
The Impossible does n't turn a blind eye to the physical and emotional devastation , but the comparatively uncomplicated path it follows to arrive at a reassuring conclusion minimizes the impact .
If you 're familiar with the true story on which ` The Impossible ' is based , you 'll know a little about the finale . In case you do n't , I 'm not going to spoil this real-life disaster movie about the effects of the 2004 Pacific tsunami on a family of five .
Unlike a lot of movies that have the `` based on a true story '' tagline , ` The Impossible ' does n't have to do much to remind us that its harrowing tale is genuine
Director Juan Antonio Bayona spins the focus in on a single family caught up in the disaster , personalising the horror and bringing it home in unashamedly melodramatic fashion on its very own tidal wave of emotion .
Alas , the movie tells a rather commonplace story .
There 's some cringe-worthy stuff in this ... and I say that to the film 's credit . It 's tough to watch at times .
The Impossible reminds that no matter the odds , human kind has the potential to rise above adversity no matter how great , for the human spirit knows no bounds .
South East Asian tsunami survival saga is a test of endurance
The tsunami sequence is amazing , right up there with the one Clint Eastwood staged in Hereafter .
The most challenging aspect of disaster movies to make the disaster believable . But performances are n't all about screaming , and this cast does a remarkable job of convincing us of their complexities and humanity
There are many powerful scenes in this true life and death scenario about the impact of the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami to one family , but none can match the potency of the scene when Henry -LRB- McGregor -RRB- borrows a mobile phone from a stranger to ring home
This is an unforgettable tribute to the determination of a very special family .
Profound & Touching
-LSB- B -RSB- rings a new heart to the disaster film , focusing not on the large scale of physical destruction but on the small scale of fragile , traumatized people amidst the unimaginable scale of the catastrophe ...
Bayona has the uncanny ability to put viewers in the moment , allowing them to vividly experience the family 's struggles . But for all his formidable skills and artistic vision , his compassion is distressingly myopic .
A more accurate name for this New Age disaster movie might be ` The Lucky ' or ` The Coincidental . ' If we accept the Brits ' survival as something miraculous , what does that imply about the tens of thousands of Asians who were wiped out ?
... a story of resiliency and humanity that is somewhat overwrought but emotionally exhausting and ultimately powerful .
The tsunami is easily more effective than anything to come out of a Roland Emmerich disaster sequence .
The Impossible has enough going for it to earn a mild recommendation , but it 's unfortunate that it ends up self-destructing as rapidly as one of those Mission : Impossible messages .
The massive numbers of people in an overflowing hospital with overwhelmed staff is nearly as gut wrenching as the disaster that created this landscape of human debris .
What reeks most about The Impossible is that it mistakes adventurous titillation for humanitarian mourning .
Nothing beats God 's eye for scale and perspective .
Yet one more example of a real-life story someone thought would `` make a great movie , '' `` The Impossible '' is as flat and predictable as they come .
The Impossible takes the breath away with its powerful restaging of the catastrophe ; but if the wave 's visceral impact knocks you off your feet then it 's the story 's emotional undertow that sweeps you away .
Forget National Lampoon , this is the real vacation from Hell !
... always aware of how this traumatic experience would be filtered through this particular family .
Still a boy but having to harvest the strength of an adult , Lucas carries the emotions of the audience with him . We cry when he cries ... cheer when he cheers .
We can only imagine what it must have been like to experience the great Asian tsunami of 2004 . Now , `` The Impossible '' has my imagination working overtime .
The film is well acted , the makeup convincing , the turbulent mise en scène impeccable .
A riveting portrayal of the tidal wave and immediate aftermath . Terrific computer-generated effects bring the colossal onslaught of the tsunami right into our faces .
Ewan McGregor is much better than usual , though it 's odd how Watts becomes the latest in a long line of lovelies who takes off her top in a movie in which he is starring . Perhaps it 's written into his contracts !
Unlike some films that have become critics ' darlings , ` The Impossible ' has no pretensions . It is n't edgy and I do n't think it has a hidden subtext .
The ultimate heart-wrenching roller-coaster ride made all the more powerful by a superb cast .
It 's a truly visceral piece of filmmaking , but alas , it 's hindered more than helped by a certain composer 's shameless attempts to get our tears swelling right along with his overwrought strings .
Naomi Watts gives one of her finest , most physically commanding turns .
Although it 's ostensibly based on true events , The Impossible is not so much an inspiring tale of survival as it is an action flick .
A sad spectacle we can watch , at a safe distance , without hating ourselves later .
As fine as -LSB- Watts -RSB- and Ewan McGregor are as the parents , Tom Holland stands out as eldest son Lucas , a slightly sullen teen who learns to put other people before himself .
To dispel the two talking points attending The Impossible , Juan Antonio Bayona 's dramatization of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami : No , it 's not racist , and no , you do n't have to be a parent to feel the film in your bones .
Director J.A. Bayona beautifully embraces the power of the human spirit .
Difficult to watch but difficult to turn away from , The Impossible makes shattering impact .
You are involved in the family 's plight , and you do suffer along with them . But gnawing in the back of your mind is the thought about all those nameless others who lost loved ones or whose stories of survival are probably just as miraculous .
While it may have been changed for the screen , this story of a family 's ordeal is one from which any parent - any person , really - ca n't turn away .
`` The Impossible '' is a powerful film that manages to find a fresh take on well-worn cinematic tropes like `` the awesome power of nature '' and `` the triumph of the human spirit . ''
-LSB- The movie is about how -RSB- one of the worst disasters to ever visit Thailand was really tough on the English .
Riveting and rewarding .
This is a simple story quite brilliantly told .
Avoiding what could easily have become melodrama , this delivers an unforgettable experience that will leave you asking yourself what you would do in the same position .
This is a movie about the will to survive that physically acknowledges that will may not be enough .
A gut-wrenching film and one you do n't just watch , you experience .
-LSB- A -RSB- visceral and deeply moving true story ...
An intense and compelling family melodrama from Spanish director Juan Antonio Bayona that sets a new standard for disaster cinema .
The most intense , shocking scenes you can imagine
The Impossible is a nimbly acted drama that is at once a stellar visual achievement and a life-affirming story of familial love and courage .
Bayona uses pummeling subjective camera work and sound design to plunge viewers into the visceral terror of a universe gone mad .
Quite brilliant special effects and emotionally spot-on performances make what sounds like a downbeat film on paper , stirring , uplifting and deeply moving .
A realistic , well-acted vision of the 2004 tsunami that led to more than 230,000 deaths .
The dialogue is almost uniformly awful , and the plotting tugs on heartstrings more blatantly than a Hallmark Channel movie .
Filmed with urgency and remarkably realistic special effects , `` The Impossible '' moves breathlessly through its story .
Perhaps Jaws and Open Water are the only other movie experiences that might engender more fear of the sea .
Among the most morally and ethically interesting movies to come along in some time .
The tsunami comes to life more vividly than the characters , though Watts and young Holland , as her son , deliver strong performances .
In the hundred-year history of cinema , few thrillers have been as emotionally compelling as `` The Impossible . ''
An earnest , extremely grueling , prodigiously crafted true-life drama that takes one of the worst natural disasters in recorded history and reduces it to a bad day at Club Med .
While the microcosmic nature of this tale of survival neglects the native people that it affected most , its portrait of humanity is compassionate and inclusive .
Say a prayer that The Impossible is the closest that you or I or anyone anywhere will get to the kind of catastrophe that makes this movie so harrowing , riveting -- and uneasily `` uplifting . ''
Takes dicey material -- the story of one privileged family 's suffering during the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami -- and transcends its political incorrectness by focusing on the human condition .
It feels like the wrong story , one that asks us to ignore the suffering of a devastated nation and focus , instead , on a couple of big-name stars whose vacation is spoiled .
The movie manages to pay tribute both to the extraordinary heroism of its characters and the astonishing losses all around them .
The Impossible is immersive only when it 's fully immersed .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is a powerfully emotional drama with a trio of terrific performances from Naomi Watts , Ewan McGregor and young Tom Holland .
Their physical and emotional journey will pin you back in your seat .
It 's nearly impossible to do better than buying a ticket to The Impossible .
Kind of offensive when you think about it .
The Orphanage director JA Barona deals in a different sort of horror in this wrenching account of the lethal tsunami which struck the Thai coast at Christmas 2004 .
The hokum can wear you down worse than the tsunami .
The term movie magic should be reserved for scenes such as the one where the unflinching realism of the natural disaster is conveyed without a single false note .
This rousing , superbly acted , no-holds-barred melodrama is a mighty feat of physical filmmaking .
It 's certainly a difficult watch but anything less would have felt wrong .
... once the disaster portion of -LSB- Bayona 's -RSB- film has subsided , we 're left with a story of coincidence and cliche .
The best picture of 2012 .
... a touching monument to familial love ... the acting by Watts , McGregor , and Holland is exceptional . The award-quality filming of the tsunami looks like the real thing .
Although it sounds like a downer , The Impossible is actually emotionally satisfying and educational in a way , with director Juan Antonio Bayona doing a superb job keeping the details vital and the characters admirably resolute .
Technically flawless The Impossible is a film with a raw emotional wallop that will move even the hardest heart .
Do we really want to cling to catastrophe 's single comfort station , as if it tells us more , or medicates us with a more meaningful moral and spiritual message , than all the horrors that did n't end in a hug , a homily and a final heave of rapturous music
This film is not especially complex , and not subtle , but there is judgment and intelligence in the simple idea of survival being the most agonising thing , and making survivor guilt the psychological aftershock of a shattering and irreparable blow .
In the end , Bayona 's film is more frustrating and exhausting than inspiring .
A sentimental slog that encourages us to celebrate the survival of European tourists while turning a blind eye to the deaths of thousands of others .
An inspiring tale of familial strength under pressure and perseverance against all odds ... It 's practically impossible to resist the pull of this film .
The Impossible recreates an unthinkable event and its aftermath with breathtaking-and heartbreaking-credibility .
This is pretty much a point-of-view film that puts you right into the heart of the chaos of this Tsunami , which struck without warning in the morning as the family relaxed poolside at an upscale resort .
Riveting for a spell , but imbued with a phony uplifting sensibility that detracts from the Thailand tsunami 's real story .
Very intense story of family 's survival against the odds .
A Saw movie for middlebrows .
A thrilling , if also punishing , tale of heroic endurance .
One of the most emotionally overwhelming movies I 've seen in a long while ... Truly nightmarish .
A remarkable achievement in filmmaking , a film that is at times devastating , at times emotional , at times inspirational , and always riveting . It 's one of the best films of 2012 .
Grim and compelling but , ultimately , inspiring - and never less than thrilling .
It is the kind of ode to the human spirit that you hope comes along , and not just during the holiday season .
If you really are going to push the stories of nearly 220,000 people into the background , you need a much better one than this to put into the spotlight .
... surprisingly visceral
Urgent yet measured , like the onrushing tide , The Impossible is a real-life disaster flick with a compelling twist .
`` The Impossible '' is worth checking out for the acting and effects , but it 's a shame that Bayona could n't have approached the story with the same subtlety and rigor as his outstanding first feature , `` The Orphanage . ''
It 's not a momentous story about heroism writ large , but an intimate tale of the small acts of kindness and connection that can occur when people are most desperate .
From the harrowing special effects to the strong performances , ` The Impossible ' does the seemingly impossible in making a heartwarming story come out of an awful tragedy . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The tsunami sequence is so well-executed , nothing else in the movie really comes close to matching it in terms of intensity .
-LSB- T -RSB- he juxtaposition of the two stories -- the family 's and those in the background -- puts the entirety of this story in the proper context .
Thoughtful and well-made , but it also might be a little too simplistic and straightforward for its own good .
There is a troubling complacency and a lack of compassion in `` The Impossible , '' which is less an examination of mass destruction than the tale of a spoiled holiday .
Bayona 's skill is evident from the movie 's first moments .
Visually stunning but manipulative in the extreme - try not to roll your eyes as the various family members miss one another by inches - The Impossible nevertheless contains two of the year 's best performances .
A suspenseful , moving and disturbing watch for all the right reasons . Watts and McGregor deliver immensely successful performances , but this is young Tom Holland 's show .
`` The Impossible '' is one of those movies that 's good , but leaves you with the nagging feeling that it could have been better .
There is an incredibly emotional story to be told from this family 's experience , but due to the weak structure and awkward third act , `` The Impossible '' fails to deliver it .
When it 's over , you will feel enlightened , drained and grateful just to walk away .
The Impossible is primal stuff , a tribute to the power of family , to the determination of a mother and father , defying nature , defying the odds , driven by hope .
For all the visually impactful moments that all but put an audience directly into the horror of the Boxing Day tsunami in The Impossible , the true test of this drama comes in the emotion conveyed in its simplest moments .
I hesitate to use this term , since it is so often equated with hokey , but The Impossible is life-affirming .
Levels the playing field of fundamental human need and behavior , often revolving around luck that we have no control over whatsoever .
With a mixture of practical and digital trickery , we experience the unthinkable in `` The Impossible '' firsthand .
The Impossible confirms that Bayona is a major talent , with a skill for constructing sequences that build tension as masterfully as Steven Spielberg did in his '70s heyday .
Here is a searing film of human tragedy .
This is one of the most gut-wrenching and emotional pictures I 've ever seen . I walked away from it physically exhausted .
`` The Impossible '' is about as subtle as a wall of water .
The movie is not , as the trailer suggests , a tale of the triumph of the human spirit . It 's about luck . It 's about sadness . But it 's also about the way that victims of the disaster -- of any disaster -- band together .
... a brilliant disaster film and a refreshing recalibration from those of the sensational sort .
` The Impossible ' is a confounding misfire : so much artistic vision , combined with moral and emotional shortsightedness .
Director Juan Antonio Bayona 's instincts are spot on for the first act with Watts , less successful when it switches to a more mawkish tone .
... veers between being overwhelming and overwrought .
While the final third of the film feels forced , its emotional power comes earlier - in the catastrophe of the tsunami , the immediate aftermath and random acts of heroism .
When it comes to human emotions ... the filmmaker is all thumbs , crassly fumbling for audience response via clichéd uses of dropped-out sound and the occasional twinkling piano .
-LSB- Its -RSB- horrors , and the absorbing performances of Watts and McGregor , will soon be undermined by a surfeit of sentiment .
A harrowing celebration of the human spirit and the will to survive .
The film is a remarkable visual achievement , made more affecting by the depth the actors bring to their characters .
A first-rate drama about a family vacationing in Thailand when the 2004 tsunami hits .
One might leave the theater wondering how much can one be entertaining by suffering ?
It is a heart-stopping ride and when the water stills , the adrenalin comes from the uncertainty of their situation .
disaster film done as well as one can be done
Spectacular and emotionally riveting re-creation of one family 's nightmarish ordeal while vacationing in Thailand during the historic 2004 tsunami is the kind of classy disaster pic that should attract broad audiences .
Viscerally vigorous , it 's a grim , gritty , graphic chronicle of disaster .
The Impossible is not only an extremely well-made survival thriller , but a poignant celebration of the human spirit .
The key selling point is Bayona 's ten-minute reenactment of the tidal wave and its carnage , which is brutal , visceral and without peer .
The Impossible 's strength is its conveyance of the loneliness and chaos that settles in the disaster 's aftermath .
An unforgettable film that combines epic spectacle with the intimacy of loving relationships in a celebration of the invincible human spirit .
Marshalling formidable technique and force of feeling , Bayona 's tale of courage and empathy in the face of catastrophe fulfils his debut 's promise , its harrowing conviction hammered home even harder by the spot-on casting .
A fantastic sophomore effort from Juan Bayona that reaches the emotional and filmmaking heights that Spielberg and Eastwood have been trying to achieve for years .
The latter half of The Impossible is so disappointingly movie-ish , tying a bow on the events after portraying them too vividly to allow them to be wrapped so neatly .
A film that takes the horrors visited upon millions as an excuse to tell the sad tale of a family who lost all their luggage .
Rare disaster film that 's not a complete disaster on film .
That it should be so dramatically inert makes The Impossible one of 2012 's most frustrating film-going experiences ; you should feel so much of the anguish and suffering , so universal is their pain . But you just do n't .
No film this year has moved me as much as ` The Impossible . ' Everything about this powerful movie comes together to make it one of the best and most touching viewing experiences of 2012 .
Harrowing story of a family 's separation following the tsunami of 2004 .
In his striking American debut , Bayona -LRB- Orphanage -RRB- achieves the almost impossible task of balancing a disaster movie of epic proportions with intimate family drama , anchored by Oscar-caliber turns from Watts and McGregor .
A sham realist 's disaster movie , tackily insulting the deaths of 300,000 people by reducing the horrors of the Indian Ocean tsunami to a series of genre titillations .
An extraordinary account of true events from the 2004 tsunami , The Impossible can not fail to move even the hardest heart .
A tremendously realistic disaster movie has an intense emotional payoff .
The most harrowing disaster movie in many a moon , The Impossible marries a tremendous feat of physical filmmaking to an emotional true story of family survival .
Undeniably compelling and frequently harrowing . Unfortunately , director J. A. Bayona unnecessarily piles on foreboding touches ... and a new 3D sound system so loud and strong that it literally made my teeth vibrate .
Pays respect to those who were n't as fortunate to survive the tsunami , but it emphasizes the spirit of perseverance and survival rather than dwelling on tragedy .
With a decidedly Spielbergian flair , the theme of altruism takes on great meaning through the other side of this tragedy and the characters bring emotional closure to more than just their own triumphs .
Emotional exploitation of the most vile and insensitive kind , The Impossible is an insult to the victims of the tragedy it depicts .
Watts and McGregor do some of their finest work in this hopeful , uplifting survival story set amidst the terrifying 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami .
The Impossible is simply unable to become the electrifying piece of work one might 've expected .
` The Impossible ' is an experience I ca n't imagine audiences easily shaking , and it 's going to stick with me for a long time .
Bayona , like Spielberg before him , has the gumption of a master manipulator , and really does n't hold back , holding off catharsis , scene by scene , with all the sheer chaos at his disposal .
The Impossible is one of those rare films that comes along once in a blue moon . Flawless in its delivery , from script through to production design to the remarkable performances from all the cast .
Part of the appeal of this affecting and powerful drama is that it puts the viewer right in the moment at every stage , using authentic locations and tsunami survivors to hammer home the reality of this tragedy .
Not since Jaws has the sound of ocean water heard on a movie screen been so terrifying .

@highlight

The screenplay is n't quite as powerful as the direction or the acting , but with such an astonishing real-life story at its center , The Impossible is never less than compelling .