... Matt Weiner 's meandering feature debut resembles bad TV , or TV made bad by abbreviation .
We do n't know what ` Are You Here ' means , but we do know Owen Wilson is Steve Dallas , a weatherman . Or maybe a weatherman-ish boy . Or weatherboy-ish man . He needs to grow up .
Having penned various episodes for both Mad Men and The Sopranos , what Weiner manages to squeeze into an entire season he 's attempted to fit into almost two hours of cinema with this particular endeavour .
Wilson and Galifianakis are very much playing to type as slick charmer and manic weirdo , but the movie around them is much less predictable , veering off in strange directions and never finding a consistent tone .
The movie is the cinematic equivalent of dead air .
The film struggles to find a consistent tone between its attempts at broad stoner comedy , fractured family quirks and a more serious examination of mental illness .
In the end , Are You Here is n't quite funny enough to be a comedy , nor does it take itself seriously enough to be a drama . I would say that it 's a dramedy , but the tone is so erratic that it does n't really fit in that category either .
What does surprise is that the talented ensemble has to cajole this ungainly movie along even as it changes its mind about whether it wants to be a romantic comedy , a lighthearted bromance .
Proof that genius does n't always successfully translate from one medium to another .
Surely the characters on Mad Men are n't as one-note as these otherwise a petition should be started to have Weiner 's Emmys forcibly removed .
Flawed friendship dramedy has plenty of drugs , some sex .
It 's funny , clunky , earnest , and barely credible , but it 's all of a piece .
This is one of those semi-serious projects comedians occasionally step into , wanting to stretch and winding up straining .
A comedy with no laughs . A drama disconnected from any known reality .
Many a critic has said that there 's nothing worse than an unfunny comedy ... and Are You Here proves that point over and over again .
Everything about Are You Here feels like a bottom-drawer script idea that was put together too casually and carelessly .
Are You Here lacks more than just the question mark that should go on its title . It lacks a point-of-view that makes sense , that feels central .
`` Are You Here '' does n't feel all there .
`` Are You Here '' proves a gently immersive , ingratiating , often witty character comedy with a pair of comfortably effective lead performances .
-LSB- An -RSB- endearing muddle , which flails in search of an identity .
Weiner has not set out to make anything as trite as a buddy comedy , but he does attempt to inject humour and misses the mark .
Have Wilson , Galifianakis and Poehler ever been better ? Gosh , I certainly hope so .
It 's so formless , awkward and jarringly directed it 's almost unwatchable .
Are You Here is a notable misfire .
In its final stretch this unfunny comedy with characters who go through routine changes starts getting weird , almost mysterious .
Are You Here is an infuriating blend of woozy farce , self-important social commentary and failed ambiguity .
Not even a marketing campaign designed by Don Draper himself could sell this boondoggle .
How could Weiner make , as his debut comedy , a movie as amateurish and off-putting as this one ?
It 's a tease : worthwhile in some ways but ultimately too diluted to offer a fulfilling movie-going experience .
It 's fairly certain that while watching it you 'll wish you were somewhere else .
Like Zach Braff 's take on Our Idiot Brother , with loud metaphors and bits of You , Me and Dupree .
Are You Here is shot , cut like a quality cable series , and plotted like an adaptation of a Boomer writer 's lesser novel .
There 's little to explain the existence of this confoundingly unfunny film .
`` Mad Men '' creator Matthew Weiner conjures empty men for his feature debut , the story of two loser pals who win a chance to upgrade their lives when one happens upon an unexpected inheritance . Surprising failure on multiple counts .
Not really all that funny , and not all that touching , but if you are a fan of the cast it might be worth a rental .
Writer-director Matthew Weiner , creator of the magnificent Mad Men , has made a feature film - theoretically a comedy - that 's just shy of terrible .
A film about a couple of lifelong friends in the midst of parallel identity crises , it 's almost shockingly formless , underthought , and visually indifferent given those behind it ...
Whatever Weiner 's film is n't , it is the most amusingly glib role Owen Wilson 's had since `` Zoolander . ''
Are You Here is n't the debut we hoped Matthew Weiner would deliver , as it struggles to tell a full , meaty story in the smaller confines on a Hollywood movie .
The female characters on Mad Men are probably the show 's strongest asset , but here they 're hollow to the point of insult .
We expect better than this from the scripter of 87 episodes of `` Mad Men . ''
In Mad Men mastermind Matthew Weiner 's big-screen directorial debut , the aggressively unfunny Are You Here , all of the dark humor and delicate character shadings we 're used to seeing on his TV series are conspicuously absent .
Filmmaker Matthew Weiner , making his debut here , establishes an atmosphere of middling mediocrity right from the get-go ...
You Are Here is a shockingly inept comedy , a project with the look and style of a mid - '90s Ivan Reitman or Harold Ramis comedy , not the first film from one of our finest TV writers .
This sorry misfire will provide enjoyment only for rival television creatives invidiously rooting for Matthew Weiner to stumble .
You Are Here 's moments of dramatic clarity are swarmed by strange ideas that do n't make much sense when examined at closer range .

@highlight

Given the amount of talent assembled on both sides of the camera , Are You Here falls bewilderingly flat .