Creepy , turgid and cerebral mind-game serial killer flick .
No more interesting than any standard episode of `` CSI '' or any of the other myriad of cop-centric whodunits polluting our airwaves .
O roteiro carregado de clichés desperdiça o que até poderia ser uma premissa interessante , ao passo que os esforços estilísticos de Miller soam patéticos , como uma imitação barata dos trabalhos de David Fincher .
Anamorph dances around ponderous issues and grotesque scenery but fails to really engage , startle or disturb .
A visual treat for Dafoe fans that goes well beyond the conventional horror genre into questions of reality and fantasy and how , or if , we tell the difference .
Director H.S. Miller thinks he 's made something broodingly visionary when you 're more likely to be aesthetically shaken up by one of Mad magazine 's Fold-Ins .
Sure , it 's better than 88 Minutes -LSB- what is n't ? -RSB- but it 's still pretty pointless , with unclear exposition and murky plot developments .
Weirdly positioning serial killing as a depraved form of creative expression and the victims as signature works of art , Anamorph has the odd effect of simultaneous repulsion and fascination .
A movie about a premise that metamorphoses into twaddle .
On a scale of one to Se7en , Miller 's doomed rip barely rates .
This serial killer movie is nothing but a copycat .
The unfortunate fact is that it 's more than a little dull when it is n't preposterous .
A serial-killer flick told like an art lecture , Anamorph manages to be gruesome yet dull .
The long shadow of David Fincher 's Seven falls on Anamorph , a moody , ultimately unexciting thriller .
An academic thriller likely to engage only avid collectors of serial-killer flicks .
The serial killer in Anamorph shows promise , even if some of his best moves are derivative . The same is true of the film 's director .
The atmosphere created by director H.S. Miller is gothic , tortured , stylized yet tinged with a classicist 's sense of composition , symmetry and , yes , perspective .
Wears its influences ... a little too heavily on its sleeve . But it does effectively convey a lingering sense of dread that ca n't be easily dismissed .
Beyond its cool , reflective surfaces and infinite plays with perspective lies nothing -- character , relationships , motives all seemingly irrelevant .
A pale imitation of David Fincher 's Seven .
A grimy , ugly film about death and the living dead in New York City , without the redeeming ambition of Seven or even the cultural commentary of Summer of Sam .
Though this snuff flick takes its title from an asexual stage of reproduction in the life of a fungus , do n't expect to find any fungi , I mean fun guys , in this lame excuse for graphic displays of vivisection .
Suspense is something foreign to Anamorph .
Director/co-writer H.S. Miller just lays on the chilly blues and a wet-blanket mood of arty anguish , leaving cinematographer Fred Murphy and production designer Jackson De Govia to trump up trompe l'oeils of carefully posed carrion .



@highlight

Thin on plot but heavy on academic references , Anamorph proves more derivative than terrifying .