Too much of that film clung to the theatre experience , which ultimately appears wildly ingenuine on the silver screen .
Commit one unforced error after another on its way to becoming one of the sloppiest major musicals of contemporary times .
cinematically translated Webber 's musical adaptation as well as humanly possible ,
The whole production feels cut and pasted , and it does n't translate well to the big screen ...
Fans of musical theater will work themselves into a lather over Joel Schumacher 's by-the-book film version of Andrew Lloyd Webber 's monotonous play , but most audiences will either fall asleep or hit the cinema doors running .
Fantastic sets , costumes , great art direction and imaginative camera work make this a visually stunning film . The musical score , not so much .
Without a proper Phantom , the entire enterprise sags monumentally , and , unfortunately , Butler is a disaster here .
Most fans are bound to be disappointed to some degree , and non-aficionados of musical theater will find it tedious and silly . Do yourself a favor and see this on stage
Deserves to be locked up in a dank , water-filled dungeon and left to molder .
Tecnicamente impecável ; no entanto , a adaptação medíocre de Weber não justifica mais de duas horas de projeção para apenas três canções aceitáveis -LRB- e Butler não sabe cantar -RRB- .
The movie is so overblown , so much is meant to dazzle the eye , that it overwhelms the characters and the music .
Fans of the musical `` The Phantom of the Opera '' , however , will find plenty to like in this filmic adaptation but its faults could have easily sunk the entire production .
` Pésele a quien le pese , es una de las mejores películas del 2004 . Injustamente ignorada en Estados Unidos pero que el tiempo seguramente la convertirá en un clásico '
If you can get on its dank and heavy wavelength , the whole project is so aesthetically rich that it manages to transcend that it 's , at heart , a lot of dressed-up goofiness .
-LRB- Joel Schumacher -RRB- tenía ganas de hacer un musical y se sacó las ganas ; sólo que no bastaba con poner gente cantando envuelta en trajes brillantes .
Phantom is as bloated as Monty Python 's Mr. Creosote , and is so stagebound that it 's just about as agile as that character .
The big-screen rendition of The Phantom of the Opera resembles a ridiculously expensive installment of Masterpiece Theatre .
My own reaction to the current version fashioned by Mr. Schumacher is one of pure stupefaction .
An awkward , overstuffed and occasionally painful delusion of grandeur ...
Could have used some ` star power , ' but overall should make Webber followers happy
Even the most die-hard `` Phantom '' aficionados might be struck dumb by the sheer level of the crescendo and camp Schumacher achieves here .
What could have been a campy calamity boasts some surprising elegance . But there is zero romantic heat and a vocally and emotionally flat performance from Gerard Butler .
Good God .
A visual masterpiece .
The main problem is that the actors cast in the film ca n't really sing
no amount of stylistic playfulness could stop the film from bogging down into tedium by the last reel , as the romantic pathos begins to wear thin
Schumacher has indeed delivered the lavish , lushly romantic film that fans have envisioned for years .
`` If you liked the stage version , you 'll LOVE this version . ''
The plot is impressively free of anything that does not smell of unpasteurized melodrama .
Andrew Lloyd Webber and Joel Schumacher turn out to be a perfect match . Two other people could n't pull off spectacle this bad .
Right after hearing those bombastic rock opera organ chords , I felt all hope rapidly deflating from my body .
-LSB- Phantom of the Opera -RSB- is all shine and glitter but without substance .
It 's one of those movies where I spent a lot of my first viewing thinking , ` Yes , this is what movies are really all about . '
This is a lavish production best enjoyed at your favorite theater where the full effect of the music and ambiance can be enjoyed . It is also one to be enjoyed more than once .
A spectacular ode to pure romanticism
... a particularly unconvincing perfume ad .
Plagued by Andrew Lloyd Weber 's hideous and already dated musical score -LRB- parts of it sound like 1980s hair metal -RRB- .
... I could see it all because I was n't 800 rows up in the nose-bleed section of the balcony ...
Non-fans will note that Webber 's idiom is opera-lite , grafted together with rock , pop and soap opera . Some of the set-pieces are kitsch allegro ...
What passion and excitement there is in the work has been sucked out ; it has become boring ... . It is shallow , yes , but even shallow works need competent directors .
.
A tedious production made worse by Webber 's pseudo-operatic score .
It is not ideal , but it still is arguably the best dramatic adaptation of Gaston Leroux 's novel .
How much you like this movie all depends on whether you like the music ; you either love it or you find it repetitive and uninteresting .
Broadway bore comes to the big screen in a movie-musical adaptation that 's too little , too late and too terrible for words .
` The Phantom of the Opera ' , though terrific , remains appealing only for fans of Andrew Lloyd Webber 's ostentatious opera . **
The Phantom calls himself a ` loathsome gargoyle , ' but , unmasked , he looks more like a guy with a bad sunburn , or maybe a seafood allergy .
Takes everything that 's wrong with Broadway and puts it on the big screen in a gaudy splat .
Schumacher seems far more concerned with orchestrating his beautiful cast , sumptuous costumes , and lavish sets to give audiences who might not afford the Broadway show a taste of the experience , rather than defining it once and for all .
As you might expect , this is a loud , garishly colorful , visually frenetic interpretation and , as these things sometimes go , is n't actually all that bad .
I did n't see a single fat lady in the entire thing . That must be why it never ended .
This guy 's not the Phantom of the Opera , he 's the Fashionably Scarred Stud of the Opera and that just does n't work .
Its lavish production numbers sometimes capture the broad wink of musical comedy in a manner we do n't see much anymore .
Rossum 's inner fire shines through Lloyd Webber 's oppressive melodrama and Schumacher 's overwhelming set design , giving this Phantom what life it possesses .
... The transfer from stage to screen is a disappointment ; a musical elephant stomping around ... bellowing and trumpeting instead of making sublime music of the night .
portions of the movie have the feel of a photographed stage production . ... The crucial atmosphere of menace is n't there ; suddenly , we 're watching ` The Batman of the Opera . '
Phantom of the Opera is every bit as good as the Broadway show , and that should be all you need to know .
Welcome to the world of Andrew Lloyd Webber , where an entire libretto is derived from variations on five songs .
Joel Schumacher 's film adaptation of Lloyd Webber 's The Phantom of the Opera combines fingernails-on - blackboard audio agony with bamboo - under - fingernails physical torture .
Phantom is more than a photographed stage play : It is an exercise in cinema , abetted by several new songs and first-rate orchestral backing .
The movie version of Lloyd Webber 's swooning 1986 horror operetta has been directed , by Joel Schumacher , as if Schumacher were the world 's hardest-working upholstery salesman .
' ... an incredible star making performance by Emmy Rossum . '
It compounds what to some of us are already fatal errors , while bringing nothing new to those who love the stage version so dearly .
Michael Crawford 's absence and Rossum 's languorous presentation of her songs are the film 's major weaknesses . Too long , it 's still lush and romantic with beautiful music .
THe diva 's success is a not-so-subtle indictment of the bourgie masses who consume popular culture : their taste sucks .
This Phantom 's menace is the Phantom himself .
The movie version of Lloyd Webber 's smash hit does to the music what the music did to the words and story : It distracts the mind and cajoles the eyes to the point that one does n't really care that everything the ears are hearing is pure nonsense .
For those whose primary experience with musicals is on the screen , this melodramatic tale with the familiar soundtrack should hold substantial appeal .
Nuanced supporting performances by Simon Callow and Ciaran Hinds as the parvenus who 've just bought the Opera and , especially , Richardson as the sly Giry , ca n't compensate for the vacuum at the top .
The film overflows with overkill , from the amped-up orchestra that constantly threatens to submerge the singers to the ornate silliness of each and every scene involving the Phantom .
It 's a shamelessly over-the-top wallow in romantic obsession , and a thoroughly enjoyable one .
The cast is good , the score is sublime , the visuals are sumptuous and it speeds along with a delirious romantic power that , if you let it , can sweep you away .
The movie misfires as often as it connects .
Given the overall weakness of the material , director Joel Schumacher works beyond the call of duty to pull us into his musical fable .
If you join me in thinking Webber 's Phantom is the most overblown , overrated musical ever , a lopsided victory of style over substance , you 'll feel that way about Schumacher 's film , because he 's loyal to a fault to Webber 's rose-tinted vision .
The songs simply have more impact when they are performed live , in front of you , for your benefit .
It was the '80s . You really had to be there . Preferably with low expectations .
If you want something more from musicals than a single syrupy hit , though -- and have fond memories of the Phantom as our most romantic of monsters -- then seek out the old Lon Chaney silent instead , and put on your own darn music .
The falling chandelier , the signature moment of Phantom , has been moved from the end of the first act to the climax of the movie -- by which point non-devotees may need to be roused from their sleep by their companions .
Andrew Lloyd Webber 's kitschy theatrical spectacle is now a kitschy theatrical movie , a mix of melodrama , horror , romance , mystery and melody heaped together into a cinematic smorgasbord , one heavy in starch .
A pleasant diversion , but it still runs behind Lon Chaney 's The Phantom of the Opera and Claude Rains ' The Phantom of the Opera .
Where 's Homeland Security when you need it ?
Schumacher has bravely taken aboard this dreck and made of it a movie I am pleased to have seen .
Phantom has always been a spooky story filled with drama , suspense , romance , and horror . ... until now .
It 's a slow-moving orgy of lowbrow grandiosity that 's as tedious as it is overblown and pretentious . Songs , scenes , dance numbers , lyrics and set pieces all blend together into an indistinct , ludicrously self-serious mush .
What impresses in live theater is ho-hum on celluloid . The film 's sets are big and lavish ; John Mathieson 's cinematography is lush , the orchestrations thundering . But it 's just not special , as it was in the theater .
Whatever the reasons for its mediocrity , this version of The Phantom Of The Opera is a clunker despite the effort that went into it , and for all the iconic history of the story .
Christine is a dipstick , a trait that the vapid , but pretty-voiced Emmy Rossum brings across with effortless , blank-eyed aplomb in this similarly idiotic film .
Joel Schumacher takes this already wild theater production and puts a huge garish sheen on its big-budget cinematic retelling .
With its stately pace and theatrical roots showing at all times , Phantom may work as a reproduction for the faithful , but it never really connects as a film .
The Phantom is the furthest thing from a monster , and the movie holds no threat whatsoever , unless you have a morbid fear of gilded staircases , seductive lighting , brocade costumes and overwrought , over-orchestrated pop balladry .
Director Schumacher understands what he has in Rossum and often frames her with the sort of close-up that evokes a Golden Age movie star in her budding glory .
It 's clear that this kind of cornball , overly melodramatic material is best kept to the stage .
Webber 's lushly romantic score -LRB- played in this instance by a 100-piece orchestra -RRB- has the ability to overpower lingering reservations .
Like being trapped in the frilly bedroom of an absurdly romantic , borderline psychotic 13-year-old girl for nearly two and a half hours . The story is garbled , unclear and at the same time , painfully thin .
If you know nothing about the Phantom , currently the longest-running show on Broadway , this unusually faithful recreation will show what the fuss is about .
Schumacher 's film is , at times , unintentionally entertaining , as its tone shifts from ridiculous to overwrought .
This spectacle of a musical is constantly visually stunning and , more often than not , musically enriched .
Now I know why , besides Lon Chaney , the best screen version of The Phantom of the Opera is the silent one . No one sings in it .
... feels like little more than a 2 + hour promotional video for perfume , jewelry , corsets and curtains .
Many of the songs still enchant even though the film is a disappointment .
It 's just a trip down memory lane , someone recounting a story for which you hold much more vivid and beloved memories yourself .
You walk away from the film in a vaguely contented daze , glad that you saw it but even gladder that it 's over .
It 's the Branson , Missouri dinner theater edition , as decorated as a wedding cake and as tightly laced as Christine 's corset .
Phantom of the Opera does not look good , it does not sound good , and it is an astonishing bore .
If you loved the show , you 'll likely love the movie ; if you detest the show , you 'll hate the movie . Personally , I fall closer to the middle .
Batman meets Liberace .
A flamboyant failure , unwilling and/or unable to open itself up to anyone who was n't totally in love with the show already .
Despite the combined talents of Emmy Rossum and Gerard Butler , its tragic love story between an opera-singing novice and her disfigured mentor is horrifically bloated with theatrical gestures and falsetto dialogue .
On paper , the teaming looks solid gold , yet the film is an experience that results in more yawns than goosebumps .
One of the worst filmed musicals I 've ever seen , and that includes Cop Rock
While The Phantom of the Opera is not the greatest movie I have seen this year , it certainly deserves a chance . It 's a decent , sometimes breathtaking film .
The songs generally suffer on the screen , with only the Phantom 's organ-driven theme and the sexual frenzy of the climatic ` Past the Point of No Return ' having any real energy
Much like his adaptations of The Client and the French film Cousin , Cousine , Schumacher is able to fully embrace the spectacle of the source material .
The screen version of Andrew Lloyd Webber 's musical lacks both authentic romance and the thrill of memorable spectacle .
Emmy Rossum 's ethereal beauty and spectacular singing voice are a perfect fit for the role of Christine .
It 's questionable whether fans of the musical will be enamored with this adaptation . The energy that characterizes a live performance is absent , resulting in a production that often feels sluggish and slow-moving .
The story has an intrinsic appeal , part nostalgic valentine and part root-for-the-underdog thriller . For all the film 's missteps , it remains watchable .
Though admirably anti-MTV , Schumacher 's film is often so baroque , it comes off like some joke .
The movie has no sense of its own ridiculousness .
It 's an inviting playground for repressed desire of an enduring favorite in pulp fiction to explode anew .
For some of us , the phenomenal popularity of Phantom remains the greatest mystery of all , one left unsolved by this interminable screen spectacle .
On its own terms , the film is just about perfect . Viewers who accept it on those terms will be swept away .
A stylish , emotionally rich and supremely satisfying adaptation of Webber 's musical that successfully transitions it to film while also deepening its dramatic core .
Its close-ups of belted numbers command attention without truly commanding our hearts .
Butler does n't have the necessary screen presence , and without a good Phantom , the movie fails to capture the imagination .
Bottom line : If you love the show , you 'll most likely love the movie . But if you think Webber 's cash cow is a bloated monstrosity , well , there 's always Lon Chaney .
Lloyd Webber 's dated songs are like goth-lite for the Michael Bolton set .
Just remember this picture is made with hell-bent gusto by the guy who put nipples on Batman 's superhero costume . So consider yourself warned .
I 'm more inclined to suggest that it be used to entertain the prisoners at Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo -- at least until Amnesty International gets wind of it .
On the boards The Phantom of the Opera was bloated kitsch ; now , thanks to Schumacher , it 's hysterically bloated kitsch .
Sure , all the ingredients of camp are there -LRB- oh , the hubris ! -RRB- , but this is n't a so-bad-it 's - good classic . It 's worse .
For all of its references to the deceptions of appearance , there 's actually nothing underneath the surface of this film .
Should appeal to people who like musicals but can not afford them , though this is not a particularly inventive nor a particularly cinematic adaptation .
Schumacher 's never-surer hand helps his leading lady and her erstwhile suitors find the right emotional rhythms to accompany the musical ones .
Enthralling , exquisitely beautiful and heartfelt
Enthralling , intoxicating ... a dazzling , spectacular Oscar contender .
Conjures up this unexplainable spell that leaves audiences sad , sentimental , swooning , smiling -- in some way transported and moved .
Sure it 's kitsch , but this is a thrilling production , an epic date movie . The only problem is that Christine runs off at the very end with the wrong guy .
Roars to life in its least intimate passages ... If not for his blind spot for his `` angel in hell '' Phantom , Schumacher would do Webber 's popular entertainment justice .
no passion , no thrill , no showmanship
an unrestrained flight of Gothic fantasy , a romance unafraid and unapologetic in letting its emotions run to a fevered pitch while still maintaining its heart and soul .
As a very deep fan of Rossum 's , I ca n't fawn too abjectly over her pliant delicacy as the emotional center of this highly conspicuous story .
The word ` adequate ' should never be the main adjective used to describe someone playing the lead in The Phantom of the Opera .
Just listen to the music and avoid eye contact with the miscast stars , and you 'll have a great time .
Watching the passionless Phantom , with its geriatric story-framing device , gooey dimestore romanticism and tawdry pop ballads about unrequited yearning , feels akin to dying and waking up in your parents ' easy-listening-radio hell .
Joel Schumacher crafts a musical hiccup with this feebly cast rendition of the infamous stage opera .
A rapturous spectacle .
El Fantasma , como dice la canción , está ahí , inside my mind ...
Damn you ! Curse you ! Lloyd Webber 's caustically commercialized but well-directed musical comes to the screen in a colorful , expensive , thoughtless and overacted translation .
Carrying huge theatrical baggage , this Phantom is a mixed bag , an ultra-lavish production that exhibits in conception and design the dubious aesthetic of Kitsch .
Should kill the behemoth all-time money-making musical .
Like overpriced costume jewelry , this tasteless , soulless contraption is sure to appeal to anyone who owns Celine Dion and Meatloaf albums .
A pale -- dare we say ghostly ? -- copy of the original coup de theatre directed by Harold Prince .
Evokes the original show while working as a movie in its own right .
One of the most entertaining motion pictures of the year , The Phantom of the Opera is a cinematic gift for the ages that finds profundity in its thematic innocence .
Unless you 're a die-hard devotee of the stage version , you 'll probably find this film both excruciatingly overblown and annoyingly undercooked .












@highlight

The music of the night has hit something of a sour note : Critics are calling the screen adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber 's popular musical histrionic , boring , and lacking in both romance and danger . Still , some have praised the film for its sheer spectacle .