Slow , moody haunted-house shocker ; not for kids .
And at the end of the equation , things just do n't add up .
`` This horror flick is atmospheric and often frightening , but the lack of a solid narrative creates a lethargic pace . ''
It is , to put it simply , a totally kick-ass horror movie that should be seen by every self-respecting fear film fan .
All haunted house movies feature labyrinthine corridors and darkened rooms , but few achieve the tangible depth and texture of The Abandoned . After so many inferior generic excursions and aberrations , Cerdà 's film feels like a homecoming .
The work of a master visualist trying to walk the line between narrative and visual spectacle . The story is there , but it just sits on the side of the visual experience .
A definite fascinating and creepy mystery that leads up to a very surreal finale I enjoyed ...
A weird and wicked tale further emphasizing that you can never go home again , especially if you never lived at home in the first place
Despite some effective atmosphere at times , this multi-European produced supernatural thriller is a tedious snoozer
A sort of haunted house story , `` The Abandoned '' has scary atmosphere , decent acting , an interesting setting % u2013 everything but a coherent story line .
Cerdà quickly lets slip his woeful lack of skill with a curious , `` arty '' predilection for switching camera focus in the middle of a shot .
... inert and inept ...
Director Nacho Cerdà succeeds in pushing the haunted-house movie into an abstract realm where the past and present fold into each other .
The movie sinks so deep into deathly atmosphere that there 's no life to it .
At its best , it 's an effective shocker with an atmosphere that seeps into your very bones . The problem is it 's not always at its best , and when it is n't , it really is n't .
Heralds the arrival of a new talent that every horror fan should keep their eyes on , if they 're not covering them with their hands .
The relatively tame horrors on display here may disappoint fans of the director 's gut-spelunking short Aftermath , which made him an underground hero on the abra-cadaver circuit .
As the heroine wanders around her old , rundown childhood home , the movie itself wanders , trying to find its purpose , meaning , and even , it seems , a worthwhile starting point .
Perhaps the worst offense of The Abandoned , however , is that so little effort is made by the screenwriters to make any ` sense ' of it all .
Through the murk and gloom of The Abandoned ; a mystery emerges : Why did n't this go straight to DVD ?
This is coming from a guy who really enjoys a `` slow burn '' ghost story : The Abandoned is a grade-A snoozer .
Alas , this is another faceless frightfest in which its so-called boisterous boo is not conducive to its creepy-crawling bite .
If only -LSB- Cerda 's -RSB- storytelling and filmmaking techniques were on par with his compelling subject matter , The Abandoned might have been a horror movie worth screaming about .
The last thing a filmmaker named Nacho needs is more cheese .
Eerie frights here are more a matter of sheer dread-soaked atmosphere .
By the film 's downbeat climax , Cerda 's dread of death and uncertainty about digging too deeply into what 's better left buried have become palpable , and The Abandoned lingers beneath the skin as any decent horror movie should .
Abandoned is grim , incoherent , and about as thrilling as a college lecture .
Abandon all hope of entertainment , ye who enter here ... dreary as well as dull .
Aside from a severely sagging midsection , the horror and suspense aspects are far from , er , abandoned by first-time director Nacho Cerda .
An admittedly stylish piece of work that 's ultimately undone by an overly deliberate pace and increasingly confusing screenplay .
-LSB- Director Nacho -RSB- Cerdà 's craftsmanship and his overall sense of seriousness keep The Abandoned from being a bad film , but it simply is n't very scary or involving . It just feels too familiar and dull .
Creepy , genuinely scary , and above all else , original .



@highlight

The Abandoned spends so much time setting up the creepy atmosphere , that it forgets to inhabit it with genuine spooks or scares .