This saccharine religious comedy from Belgium 's Jaco Van Dormael fails to live up to its initial promise .
... quite different from everything that tends to be released commercially ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Women are the heroes that can save humankind .
The Brand New Testament may be seen as slightly irreverent , but only in a good way .
While The Brand New Testament relies too heavily on surface level satire for my liking , its broad strokes are so cheekily amusing that the film is easy to recommend .
Even the devout , surely , will warm to Dormael 's alt-gospel : one of compassion , oddball fish gags and cheerier skylines .
Has a profoundly whimsical sense of poetic justice told in bright colors , sincere performances , and bracing social satire .
Consistently playful , often delightful and frequently funny .
An irreverent but otherwise harmless ontological satire that puts a cartoonish spin on the Christian origin story .
Irresistibly laugh-out-loud and feel-good .
It 's just as silly as it sounds , but it 's also a joyous celebration of heresy from a country that deserves a good laugh .
The Brand New Testament is extra-whimsical yet hard as nails when we get down to the rough stuff , like mortality , love , and sadness . What better choice for a holiday matinee at the movies ?
A lighthearted/darkhearted romp through modern misery , frontloaded with imagination and light on the finish .
Some movies are worth a look just to see Catherine Deneuve romance a gorilla .
The Brand New Testament may well be the purest fantasy film of the year . It 's certainly one of the most satisfying .
It 's a freewheeling , live-action satire that could well have been animated , a quality -LRB- among others -RRB- that it shares with Terry Gilliam 's features .
Morbid comedy ? Meditation on happiness ? Theological allegory wrapped inside a silly joke ? Maybe a little of all three .
This theological farce turns biblical tables and upsets expectations with results as yummy as Belgian waffles .
-LSB- An -RSB- inventive comic fantasy .
Starting with a premise that a smart-aleck high school sophomore might take pride in , the film rallies late to make some points about patriarchy and female empowerment , but not before a barrage of clichés , tweeness , and inanity .
A diverting , often chuckleworthy , sometimes provocative act of creation .
Even more than its fanciful flourishes , however , The Brand New Testament is elevated by its consistent sense of humor .
Nutty gags-a couple Terry Gilliam-worthy-and crisp comic timing allow the boisterous tone to rise above the machinations of a busy plot .
Bold , zany and outrageously funny . The most wildly original comedy since Being John Malkovich . It 's a godsend !
... juggles shifts in tone without overdosing on sentimentality , and the offbeat result is whimsical but wise .
A dramedy about the Divine Feminine with a surplus of laughter , tears , music that touches the soul , and miracles that soften the heart .
A surreal comedy whose endless visual imagination matches its conceptual wit .
A satire whose whimsies and sight gags frequently click , but whose philosophical impact is negligible .
A clever exercise in gently heretical whimsy from Belgian writer-director Jaco Van Dormael .
Testament is full of bad jokes -LRB- like a man repeatedly throwing himself from great heights to prove he wo n't die -RRB- and , in spite of Groyne 's grave , determined presence as Ea , is borderline offensive .
At first , the film 's dark humor is amusing , only for it to wear off once an actual plot kicks into motion .
It ought to be too daft and random for its own good , but Brand New Testament is a book we can believe in . Hallelujah .
Not only is it smart and irreverent , but in between laughs it makes a deep reflection that 's relevant to our times . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With an incredibly original script , the film keeps you on edge at all times . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
No one can accuse cowriter/director Jaco Van Dormael of not having a vivid imagination . This sly religious satire will delight anyone who 's ever wondered how God can allow such misery in the world with its ` All you need is love ' feminist coup .
A playful film with lots of imagination , very provocative . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An episodic film that allows the director to play with different visual styles , that 's the film biggest appeal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film might not be on par with some of the other work by the filmmaker , but it 's still a great film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Using comedy , drama , and fantasy , the film slowly reveals what it really is : a feminist fable with existential tones . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Speaking of religion is a delicate matter , but the honesty and cynicism Van Dormael uses to denounce it 's incongruities will upset the more conservative viewers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A controversial film , but do n't take it too seriously , that 's the whole point . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film full of cheap fantastic realism , gross surrealism and recycled humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It feels like Monty Python off the rails and full of irony . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An ironic , smart and fun surrealist comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A missed opportunity , a gag limited by the lack of irony . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This eccentric film might just be Jaco van Dormael 's best work yet . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This eccentric film might just be Jaco van Dormael 's best work yet . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun and smart movie that probably wo n't be a favorite amongst the most religious groups . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great music selection and a beautiful direction of cinematography make this a film that in spite of having some problems becomes really entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Von Dormael 's mischievous sense of humour is displayed in tiny , unexpected details ... But other jokes , like a woman with a gorilla soul-mate , feel sluggish by comparison .
It 's magical realism á la Amélie and often funny .
Hilarious satire about rebooting religion with a goddess in charge this time . A little bit Douglas Adams , a little bit Terry Gilliam , a whole lot irreverent .
The film 's generous spirit keeps digging it out of trouble .
Playful , eccentric and often very funny .
Visually , there are echoes of Jeunet and Caro 's early collaborations , but the screenplay by Van Dormael and Thomas Gunzig is uniquely , irreverently unhinged .
Van Dormael 's film is touching , wise , very funny at times , and winningly surreal .
Van Dormael returns with sharper focus and broader comic appeal in this religious satire , which should reassert his rightful prominence in Francophone fantasy cinema .
While I hesitate to attach anything so worthy as a message to a film as light and airy as this , its celebration of life , in all its odd , kinked , flawed variations , is winningly affirmative .
Dormael ca n't be faulted for his ambition . But his corking idea never quite pays off .
A wild feat of visual imagination .
Some nice moments , but it does n't seriously - or funnily - engage with the idea of religion .
The Brand New Testament is a loosely biblical , comic fantasy telling an elegant , uplifting story that questions : what would the world look like if God were alive and female ?
The Brand New Testament is a fundamentally nice film but niceness is incompatible with the sort of black comedy it shows every sign of wanting to be .
Striking a balance between the dark and combative religious humour and its more saccharine elements proves difficult .
This is fun , visually interesting , two-fingers-in-the-air filmmaking which , in its compassion for those lonely souls on society 's fringes , reminds us that even the most scathing of satire need n't be heartless .
A film with a big heart and an even bigger imagination .
Episodic , uneven , with echoes of Buñuel , a heretic film about the rebellion of God 's daughter against her evil dad . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The irreverence of the film are nice and harmless , even if the accumulation of humorous gags is excessive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Told from a bright-eyed childlike perspective through Ea 's narration , this story of human connection and empathy takes on an animated and lively form that entertains and enlightens in equal measure .
There is n't a satisfying sense of purpose to the story . It 's quite sweet and gentle and tries at times to be profound , as if the crew has been shown Amelie on a loop . Indeed there are touching moments , but what does it all add up to ? Not very much really .
Take the charm and playful visual language of Amelie and pair it with a blistering satire of religious dogma , the end result would look something like -LSB- this -RSB- .
It 's as if Van Dormael realised how thin his ideas were but still felt the need to pad the film out to an enervating two hours .
`` Magical realism '' is a term used to describe stories set in our real world that include fantasy elements . I think The Brand New Testament is real magicalism .
With a sense of fun that is more playful than subversive , `` The Brand New Testament '' is a bouncy treat : not so much heresy as whimsy , with a smooth matte finish and a mischievous grin .

@highlight

The Brand New Testament takes a surreal , subversive , and funny look at Biblical themes through a modern -- and refreshingly original -- lens .