The frights are few and the moment of horrific revelation is a big letdown in writer/director Courtney Solomon 's cinematic treatment of Brent Monahan 's novel `` The Bell Witch : An American Haunting . ''
it becomes haunted by the unwelcome presence of heavy-handedness , making it seem more like a busy domestic melodrama -LRB- with a ghost -RRB- than a truly unnerving chiller .
Takes the most documented ghost story in history and does n't create one truly scary moment .
This is proof that it does n't take lots of bloody gore , big special effects or jump-at-you moments to scare jaded audiences .
Unoriginal and unrelenting , this gothic ghost story invests too much time in banging doors and billowing drapes and not enough in its characters .
Director Courtney Solomon 's script is a catalogue of the standard Exorcist-style special effects , hammered home by Caine Davidson 's musical score , one of the most irritating and nerve-wracking assemblies of noise in movie history .
Disappointing horror film which fails to generate any suspense or horror and is occasionally downright laughable .
It really is fun to watch yet another oddball turn by Sutherland , and a marginally restrained one from Spacek . It 's just not that fun .
Although -LSB- director Solomon -RSB- has some great ideas , they are limited , and we are therefore treated to repeats of the same basic scenario over and over again until the effect becomes tedious .
This allegedly true tale of demonic possession is weighed down by period detail and ponderous storytelling , which soon get the better of its Exorcist-inspired levitations , flying crucifixes and noisy poltergeist activity .
An American Haunting utterly stultifies the thrilling Bell Witch legend on which the film is based ; the most disturbing ghost here is the wraith of opportunity lost .
Labeled by some as ` America 's Greatest Ghost Story , ' the legendary Bell Witch gets herself another movie and the result is far from America 's Greatest Ghost Movie .
It 's less An American Haunting than American humdrum .
A collection of cheap jump-scares and tacky clichéd imagery that we 've seen a million times before .
The film is n't that frightening simply because we 've seen this sort of ` girl attacked by demon ' material countless times before .
Writer-director Courtney Solomon manages to cast a modern spin on the story , but it is one that could be regarded as the least imaginative explanation possible .
Writer-director Solomon simply ca n't generate any actual suspense . Although he certainly tries .
More like `` An American Hanging . '' It slips a big noose of banality around its audience 's necks and then tightens the rope until unconsciousness sets in .
The girl has a crush on her teacher and a flirty classmate -LRB- Sam Alexander -RRB- . But eventually this plotting seems a distraction , or a means to blame the victim .
It 's never an encouraging sign when a horror movie based on a true story fatally lacks the verisimilitude of , say , Alone In The Dark .
The star of Do n't Look Now and the star of Carrie appearing in a film as weak as this - now that 's scary .
On more than one occasion ... a girl scrapes her fingernails across a wood floor as an invisible poltergeist attacks her . The wood floor may not be a chalkboard , but it 's close enough .
Writer-director Courtney Solomon ca n't decide what kind of movie he 's making .
Frighteningly bad
Whatever really lurks behind the story of the kinda-famous Bell Witch remains hidden in `` An American Haunting , '' a murky script that only makes us wonder all the more : What the heck ?
This is one of the more annoying , irritating , obnoxiously un-scary scary movies in recent memory .
Just a lot of loud noises designed to make you jump .
like spending an afternoon in the world 's lamest haunted house .
Solomon 's flimsy fright fable An American Haunting could n't scare a lobbyist from a Washington D.C. politician 's picnic ... a sluggish period piece boofest .
If you 're a believer in ghosts and spirits you might enjoy this film . It just made me want to find out what really happened in that house .
Despite ... general bumpings in the night , not to mention several rounds of people getting smacked around by unseen hands , -LSB- it 's -RSB- just a whole lot of nothing going on
The only real mystery about this nineteenth-century Exorcist is what could have possessed Donald Sutherland and Sissy Spacek to agree to star in it .
Great scary atmosphere , but the film 's loud sound effects , repetitive thrashing-about scenes , and overpowering music just about drove me nuts .
Boggles the mind with how many things it gets wrong .
a cross between `` Masterpiece Theater '' and `` The Exorcist . ''
Someone should call The Ghostbusters to make An American Haunting disappear from movie theaters like a ghost is expelled during an exorcism .
This is the type of movie that you should be getting for free on television .
Throughout the film , doors slam , windows shatter and poor , battered Betsy wakes up screaming with tiresome regularity ; even Sutherland appears bored by it all .
There 's thunder and lightning and wall-to-wall music . But it still does n't add up to much of a movie .
The dark force behind this movie is the relentless power of cliche .
For anyone aware of this poltergeist tale , or who bothers to look it up , the victim 's identity will come as no surprise , and a horror movie without a surprise is no horror movie at all .
A Post-Colonial Scooby-Doo , as respectable actors in perfectly pressed costumes run up and down stairs avoiding unseen spooks . The director stands in the corner yelling `` Boo ! ''
Despite the shrieking soundtrack , spectral phenomena and obligatory visions of a creepy kid , Haunting scares up few chills .
There 's a dark , abiding mystery at the center of An American Haunting , and it 's how on earth major stars such as Donald Sutherland and Sissy Spacek were talked into appearing in this film .
Spacek and Sutherland could do work like this in their sleep ... and now we have the proof .
The impact of the old-school effects is negated by Solomon 's all too contemporary stylistic overkill : Sourceless but loud ` scary ' noises accompany jump cuts and whip pans , and the camera usually appears more agitated than the Bells ...
Things go bump in the night in this 19th-century ghost story , but it 's the bump of emptying seats , as audiences flee in boredom , that will haunt you for days .
-LSB- F -RSB- rightfully dull ...
Using alleged ` actual events ' as a template , writer-director Courtney Solomon fashions a crafty mystery with a lot of joy-buzzer jolts sliding through its somber mood .
The impassioned performances make you care what happens to these people , even when the film 's noisy overindulgence makes you almost wish their home would collapse on itself like The Fall of the House of Usher .
It 's not a true story . If lying is the latest trend in American pop culture -LRB- cf James Frey , Kaavya Viswanathan -RRB- , then An American Haunting is on the cutting edge .
This ` true account ' of the Bell Witch haunting offers an encyclopedic rehash of spook films new and old , dressed out in murky period detail .
A standard , creaking , fake-spooky ghost story ...
The ending is handled so poorly that you forget how much you might have enjoyed the rest of the movie .
Call it The Exorcist Meets Poltergeist , and head for the shelves at Blockbuster , where it will undoubtedly turn up soon .
Despite flaws and compromises , it 's ballsier than The Sixth Sense , less laboured than The Others ...
Regardless of what you may think of Donald Sutherland , and Sissy Spacek , An American Haunting is yet another light weight PG-13 film that poses rather well as an honest to goodness horror film .
A wasted opportunity -- especially since the events as reported scarcely need embellishing .
An American Haunting takes the spurious `` based on real events '' claim to new extremes
History comes alive in a tale about the only American certified to have died because of a ghost .
A solid supernatural suspenser .
Low-budget films must be careful about period stuff .
A well-made , good-looking movie it is , but between the non-stop tumult and the sense of deliberateness about its period authenticity , An American Haunting produces a lot of screaming , crying and cruelty , but not much drama .
Translating a legendary ghost story to the screen , writer-director Courtney Solomon crafts a quality horror piece from strong performances and effects .





@highlight

Well , it looks good . But was n't it supposed to be scary ?