It 's hard not to instantly forgive all the script 's occasional faults and just be swept up in the feel-good nature of such a charming , easily-likable release .
Unashamedly aiming at a teenage audience , the film 's lack of pretension is oddly refreshing
There 's just not enough to hold attention , eventually succumbing entirely to convention in a particularly insipid finale . Who knows , maybe even teenage girls will be rolling their eyes at the predictability of it all .
Pleasant if timid ...
Jones may be a charismatic comedian , but no amount of her skilled mugging , Britpop tunes or help from supporting stars can transform this derivative ugly duckling into a comic Anglophile swan .
Hot Dog ... The Movie and its disreputable ski-comedy ilk might have been a low point in cinema history , but at least their unbridled crassness had energy ; Chalet Girl embraces similar '80s tropes for a lethargic you-go-girl fairy tale .
Chalet Girl is what it says on the label - feel-good , unpretentious , snowbound fun .
Undemanding , forgettable , formulaic teen rom-com .
Chalet Girl is a pedestrian affair that limply modernises the Cinderella fairytale for fun and profit .
It 's an unassuming film but a surprisingly beguiling one .
Sure , it 's predictable , implausible and clearly skewed toward a young female demographic , but it 's also enjoyable escapist fun .
This is a very benign comedy that is elevated by the completely natural performance of Felicity Jones .
With its down to earth heroine ... the film underplays the triumph of the spirit theme , while delivering a satisfying , textured experience
The scenery is gorgeous and although the plot is predictable , it 's a pleasant interlude with some laughs and surprising observations
Chalet Girl comes as a breath of fresh , Alpine air in that it 's a very British , no-nonsense story of a working class girl who falls for her posh employer .
It 's all very third division école de Richard Curtis .
A sort of goofy celebration of female self-empowerment , one in which the standard romcom goal of scoring a dreamy boyfriend takes a back seat to finding yourself through being good at something exciting .
The humour is aimed at teens but Jones ' likeable presence make this a pleasant watch .
Felicity Jones confirms her reputation as one of our brightest talents in this comedy about a young woman 's struggle to vanquish her inner demons .
Pursues its way to its feelgood conclusion with just a little wit and a goodly lump of sentiment .
A fluffy little romcom that could have been better , but will do nicely until something more daring comes along .
This movie 's resemblances to Pretty Woman are a bit worrying .
Somehow , it ends up slaloming along just fine , and Tamsin Egerton continues to corner the market in Sloaney hauteur with extra hot sauce .
The picture stays just about upright thanks to the toothsome loveliness of Felicity Jones , who 's 28 but looks about 15 . Her fresh charm and pert line-readings brighten the routine comedy of pitfalls and pratfalls .
A smart comic performance from Felicity Jones is the film 's saving grace .
Behold ! It 's a romantic comedy about a young woman who 's not looking for a boyfriend ! A rom-com about a human female whose life is not consumed by the terror that she will be Alone Forever !
A sharp cast , a gorgeous setting and lively filmmaking make up for the thin plot .
See it for Jones , Nighy and the snow , but do n't expect many laughs or any surprises .
Chalet Girl is possibly the first British rom com since Working Title 's heyday that wo n't make you want to stick pins in your eyes , will actually make you laugh , and was n't made by Working Title .
Another ` modern twist ' on the rom-com ? really ?
Hugely enjoyable feel-good British romcom , enlivened by a witty script , a terrific central performance from Felicity Jones , a superb ensemble cast and an infectious sense of fun .
The dialogue is more sensible than the plotting , allowing us to forgive the film 's more serious trespasses .
Felicity Jones makes good on the promise showed in Cemetery Junction with this teen romance set on the slopes of a snobbish Alpine skiing resort .
A cheap and cheerful chick-flick that pads out its thin Cinderella-on-ice storyline with a string of frothy montages . Sure , it 's soppy , but the target audience wo n't mind the slush .
inoffensive , feel-good escapism and high jinks in the midst of extravagant surroundings .
Archetypal , feel-good fluff at it 's best .
Exactly the kind of funny , sunshiny , teen-skewed romcom that Britain normally struggles to make .
Chalet Girl wo n't melt your heart , but it at least leaves a warm glow .
A chirpy , tween-skewing , snowboarding-themed romantic comedy .
It 's steered to success - just - by Jones , a natural , likeable everygirl who will make you care , possibly against your will , about a story as old as the Alps .
Snow , snowboarders , apres ski , hot chocolate mit schlag - what 's not to like ?
Chalet Girl feels engagingly old-fashioned in the great comedy traditions of the Ealing comedy .

@highlight

Chalet Girl is light comedic fun geared for teenage girls , featuring a charming performance from Felicity Jones .