British director Ayoade 's second film is jam-packed with witty references , from cheesy sci-fi soap operas to the long-suffering men who populate the Coen brothers ' films .
Building on his promising debut , Submarine , Richard Ayoade is emerging as a director of some talent .
Whether he 's sneering as James or falling over his words as Simon , -LSB- Jesse Eisenberg -RSB- is an incredibly compelling on-screen presence .
The movie intelligently reimagines the Dostoyevsky novella while retaining the emotional turmoil at its core . It 's a brilliantly executed pitch-black comedy .
There are many hilarious gags and performances -LRB- the TV show within the film is spectacular -RRB- , but the film is also full of devastatingly sad moments of loneliness that will leave you feeling like a wooden Pinocchio .
Ayoade has crafted a smart , high-concept puzzler with a keen sense of comedic timing and a fine cast littered with familiar faces .
Although Existentialism is out of fashion these days , I think a lot of people will be able to identify with Simon 's plight in this film . It works as both absurdest comedy and as social commentary .
Bleak dark comedy about contemporary urban alienation .
Despite its pleasures , the film proves ultimately little more than an echo , forgoing a thorough exploration of its themes for a more literal approach that treads close to lip service .
Ayoade brilliantly pulls off his film 's mix of queasy paranoia and off-kilter comedy .
Some of the world 's quirks feel shoehorned in , but the script earns most of its dark and discomforting laughs .
It 's all very determined and beautifully wrought .
This may seem strange to say , but Eisenberg has great chemistry with himself .
Its clever moments outweigh its contrived ones , twisting into an atmospheric package that 's both subtle and haunting .
Talented director Richard Avoade -LRB- Submarine -RRB- , cinematographer Erik Wilson and the art and set directors have created a riveting authoritarian world .
A cheeky take on Fyodor Dostoevsky 's 1846 story of a milquetoast clerk who comes face to face with a cocky , manipulative jackass who looks just like him , The Double proves great ideas never go stale if they access universal truth .
The result is supremely creepy .
An oddity , for sure : with established performers in a neophyte work , it 's odd for all the wrong reasons .
The film 's bleakness is almost satirical . It 's Brazil drained of the daydreams .
The entertaining Eisenberg-on-Eisenberg action makes The Double a grim delight , but it 's Ayoade 's work behind the camera that proves he 's the one to watch .
The Double invites second looks and close examination . As Simon finds when peering into mirrors , what we see is often unexpected .
This is a smart and sophisticated film to be sure , and its craft has much to applaud , but it 's the way that the film is never burdened with an overabundance of dreariness or ennui that helps make it the success that it is .
This movie is visually stylized to within an inch of its life , but there 's unity between its people and machinery .
It 's a decent actors ' exercise , but ...
When The Double lets us marinate in its distinctive visual aesthetic , it 's provocative , occasionally fascinating .
Dystopian bureacracy lacks the grandeur of Brazil and the warmth of Jeunet/Caro
The Double does n't get very deep , but it does get interesting .
`` The Double '' has a theatrical , self-conscious quality to it ; the performances feel stagy and its production design looks like a grimly monotone Wes Anderson movie .
It 's not clear that Ayoade has anything new to say about these time-worn themes , but he has fun creating the world of the film .
Woven through The Double 's urban grotesquerie is a madcap , stylized dissertation on the need for our senses of self .
When production design is this cleverly incorporated into the story at hand , it can carry an entire movie .
The Double speaks rather metaphorically to the horrors of the homogenization of post-industrialized society , creating an Orwellian environment that is bogged down in the quagmire of ridiculously absurd bureaucratic processes .
A funny , fully realized portrait of existential madness that also finds time to pay reverent homage to Ayoade 's biggest influences , Terry Gilliam and David Lynch .
The Pyrrhic victory with which it ends is a relief for protagonist and audience alike .
Who says you ca n't have fun with a self-consciously arthouse film ? Director Richard Ayoade mashes the styles of Terry Gilliam -LRB- lots of ducts -RRB- , David Lynch -LRB- lots of lamps -RRB- and the Coen brothers -LRB- lots of dim corridors -RRB- in this diverting style exercise .
`` The Double '' is a striking piece of work , but it 's nostalgic for a kind of paranoia that may no longer exist . There are different things to frighten us now .
Most of the time , `` The Double '' feels less like watching a book than reading a movie .
-LSB- A -RSB- pitiless and very funny comedy of misfortune constructed by director Richard Ayoade and his co-writer Avi Korine .
A brave , but botched endeavour for the most part , except for one stunning success : the surreal , low-tech production design , which conjures a vision of a modern world where all technology stopped being updated in 1969 .
It can be an empowering story of how to handle one 's identity and the ability to assert yourself . It can also be a movie about crumbling reality and madness .
The Double is an interesting watch with some great visuals , but ultimately it 's a lot of showboating with very little to offer in the way of substantial content .
At some point , The Double begins to look like a critique of a regimented world of docile consumers enslaved by dehumanising technology . But nothing feels heavy or pretentious .
The Double turns out to be singularly impressive .
The Double is clever , rather than completely engaging . It stands up and shouts , wanting to be noticed , which is hardly a crime .
It feels old-hat but just fresh enough - a hand-me-down vision that you 've only mostly seen before .
Bold , imaginative and visually stylish .
With this film , Ayoade establishes himself as a vibrant and unique voice in cinema , one whose take on familiar thematic and formal tropes yields excitingly fresh results .
As with his previous movie , Submarine , director Richard Ayoade does n't really bring anything new to the screen here , but what he does bring is flush with style and a special kind of grim , darkly comic energy .
Like a lucid nightmare on the subway at odd hours , The Double leaves one feeling intellectually stimulated , creatively charged , and close to existential panic .
Little more than a pretty pastiche that nails the style of its influences but lacks their emotional weight .
Ayoade creates a uniquely stylized dystopia , lit in dusty tones of olive and ochre and scored , mysteriously but somehow perfectly , to vintage Japanese pop .
Ayoade 's breathtakingly realized oddity will appeal to fans of David Lynch and the comic surrealism of Terry Gilliam 's `` Brazil . ''
This workplace-as-hellscape is not new territory , exactly - the story 's based on Dostoevsky , plays like Kafka , and looks like an Orwellian nightmare . But who 'd complain , since it lets Jesse Eisenberg offer what amounts to an acting master-class .
Beneath all The Double 's cynicism , misanthropy , intense stylization , and distance lies a core of genuine tragedy , and that 's what gives the film an emotional resonance beyond its aesthetic achievements .
Within its first five minutes , `` The Double '' insists upon its bona fides with a will and makes you like it .
As a pure head-trip visual and auditory experience it feels like one of the biggest discoveries , and biggest surprises , of 2014 .
A fascinating and disquieting experience . If you 're looking for a movie that will push you out of your comfort zone , look no further .
While this film about copies may feel a little familiar , it 's also original - in all the best ways .
A darkly ironic and skillfully surreal examination of an unrealized life .
The kind of movie that may have been more satisfying to make than it is to watch .
If The Double never fully succeeds , it 's still exactly the sort of challenge and risk one wants out of a filmmaker as promising as Ayoade .
If there were ever such a thing as the nightmare comedy , this is it .
Ayoade 's new film makes little attempt to ingratiate . Simon 's ordeal is a spectacle , not a tragedy meant to sear the viewer 's soul ; it 's less psychological than satirical .
Set in a dystopian London of underground cube farms , block house apartments depressing cafes and dingy alleys , Ayoade 's sophomore film plays a lot like a murky , schizophrenic version of Terry Gilliam 's `` Brazil . ''
Director Richard Ayoade gets a huge impact from minimal expressionist sets .
It 's lifeless , for the most part , a drama suffocated by its schematic style .
The reigning king of dark comedies for 2014 , `` The Double ' picks up where `` The Office '' leaves off .
It 's a fantastic looking picture , but images are the only memorable element of this psychological puzzler , which works extremely hard to register as mischief .
If you 're on its wavelength , it 's a dive into quirky , murky fun . But even if you are , this oddball offering is vague and slippery , a calmer brother to `` Brazil '' or Orson Welles ' Kafka tale `` The Trial . ''
The Double 's visuals are its only appeal . As it grinds bleakly forward , taking us from one great-looking set piece to the next , you begin to get the sinking sensation that the film is n't really about much .
A dumb show annihilated on the electric wire of pretentiousness , The Double recalls too many similar movies for its own good .
The Double , with its inviting alienation , nails a curious mood that 's been too long absent from contemporary film ...
... Ayoade remains a fiercely individual voice both in front of the camera and behind it . This is a strong film even if it is flawed ...
Intriguing and dark , if not all that deep riff on Dostoyevsky 's tale about identity , doppelgangers and what makes you `` you . ''
Ayoade borrows Kafka 's bureaucratic nightmares without the cosmic humor , David Lynch 's grotesquerie without the unhinged desires , Wes Anderson 's curation without the image sense or world view ...
The Double draws on past literary giants to nail a current malaise with offbeat humor and visionary flair .
A surreal exercise in cinematic narrative alienation , peppered with comedic interruption .
A nightmarish tale with considerable comic undertones about a nebbish who imagines life as a bon vivant .
It 's so refreshing to see a director fully embrace a story 's quirks , to dive head on into the weirdness while pulling the audience under with him .
If `` The Double '' is a tad too chilly dramatically for there to be much purgative punch , its unique ambience of unease and eccentricity is irresistible .
It 's the boldly uncompromising approach that makes The Double such enjoyably smart satire .
-LSB- Ayoade -RSB- starts to come into his own as a filmmaker .
... the visual elements -LRB- cinematography by Erik Wilson , production design by David Crank , art direction by Denis Schnegg -RRB- and music -LRB- Andrew Hewitt -RRB- are a lot of what makes the film work .
After his acclaimed drama Submarine , actor-turned-filmmaker Richard Ayoade applies his considerable visual skills to this striking blackly comical adaptation of Dostoevsky 's novella .
Ayoade fills the future-retro landscape with sounds and visions lifted from Terry Gilliam 's Brazil and David Lynch 's Eraserhead , with effective if derivative results .
If Richard Ayoade continues in this vein , we could be looking at a director to rival David Cronenberg and David Lynch during their prime ...
A painfully funny odyssey of personal ineffectualness that is bitterly wonderful in how it revels in the decrepit horror of the everyday world .
It is a stylised and idiosyncratic affair , combining deadpan humour with a real sense of existential terror .
Ayoade bravely avoids lightening the tone , instead utilising impressive sound editing and cinematography to craft a moody , paranoid psychological fantasy .
It all pans out like an incredibly well-told single joke .
Ayoade showed with his first film , the 2011 coming-of-age comedy Submarine , that he is a director full of ideas . But here they trip over themselves , in an uneasy triumph of presentation over content .
It 's very smart work .
While I am overjoyed for Ayoade that he has seen such films as Brazil , Eraserhead , The Tenant and the collected works of Aki Kaurismäki , a 90-minute tour of his DVD collection is no substitute for a film .
It will stay in the mind . I am still worrying away at it .
We are not scared . And wit-wise the film is as funny as a headache and as repetitive , gonging away in strokes of antic-zany doom .
Stylishly directed and sharply written , this is a jet black comedy with a nightmarishly dark atmosphere , stunning sound design work and a pair of terrific central performances from Jesse Eisenberg .
Richard Ayoade branches out into steampunk paranoia with this feisty and funny adaptation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky 's 1846 novella .
This is bold , intelligent filmmaking .
Ayoade tips his hat to so many other filmmakers ... distilling all his references into a Pinterest board of paranoia and alienation .
Ayoade 's difficult second film shows the directorial skill - and daring - of a major player , even if it ca n't quite escape being swallowed by its influences .
It could have felt like a facsimile of other films . Instead , it has enough individuality , imagination and idiosyncratic invention to identify it as a true original .
A cinematic swoon .
A dank and dour drama contrasting the woes of a sad sack loser to the triumphs of an ambitious and self-confident winner .
Whatever the film 's interest may be in the marginalized , writer-director Richard Ayoade never alludes to what would even be worth fighting for in this nightmarish industrial landscape .
The Double is a clever film , but despite its downtrodden hero , not a particularly empathetic experience .
Richard Ayoade deftly crafts humanist comedy from dark , Kafkaesque absurdity in his Dostoyevsky adaptation The Double .
Ayoade 's success in realising this world goes a long way to making up for the obscure turns the plot takes ...
In his second film , Ayoade 's risks -LRB- and a wonderfully game cast -RRB- suggest a gratifyingly unique sensibility , as playful as it is unsettling .
Without being masturbatory or drowning in emulation of `` Brazil '' , he manages to craft a harmonious confluence of hypnotizing panache and wry wit .
Confirms that Ayoade is indeed the real deal , an ambitious young filmmaker working in a register shared by far too few of his contemporaries .
Ayoade is adept at toning down the wit when the film becomes more somber and focused on the psychology of its main characters .
While it 's not quite BRAZIL , THE DOUBLE feels like Ayoade - sooner rather than later - just may have what it takes to create something on that level .
There 's not a whole lot to this version of The Double , but its visual comedy and offhand surrealism make it a mild pleasure .
Arch , weird and very , very funny , it 's like watching an entire Bulgarian film festival in a single sitting .
It 's a very odd , genuinely offbeat film -LRB- there were a noteworthy number of walkouts , though that can have as much to do with the timing of other screenings as the reaction to the film -RRB- , but it burbles and crackles with imagination .
The familiar elements of `` The Double , '' which Ayoade co-wrote with Avi Korine , coalesce into a unique whole that turns the material into a contemplative nightmare .
Whoever said nightmares could n't also be funny ?
This is paranoia played for laughs , with a very different tone from the much more sinister source material .
It 's a bleak , alienating vision by design , and the cruel sense of repetition that sets in feels entirely intentional , conveying again and again the weight of society bearing down relentlessly on one individual .
... not only does The Double confirm Ayoade as one of the brightest rising talents behind the camera , it 's completely his own and unlike anything you 've seen in cinemas in quite some time .
Ayoade 's care with the movie 's craft is loving and infectious - the feel of a hermetic , Stygian netherworld is perfectly achieved on the budget , and a grippingly nervy chamber score by Andrew Hewitt keeps it ticking along .
The Double does offer some dark amusement along the way but is more likely to baffle than beguile .
The Double mirrors aspects of Gilliam , Gondry and the Coen brothers ' Hudsucker Proxy . Ayoade shares those directors ' intricacy . He uses sound rhythmically , builds farce and tragedy out of the simplest devices .


@highlight

Hauntingly bleak and thrillingly ambitious , The Double offers Jesse Eisenberg a pair of compelling roles while reaffirming writer-director Richard Ayoade 's remarkable talent .