Aged 80 Clint Eastwood has made a film that is completely different in style , tone and structure from anything he has delivered before .
Hereafter confronts a topic that could have descended into mawkish , mystical hokum , but not in Eastwood 's no-nonsense , uncynical hands . He looks at death , and beyond , with clear , open , inquisitive eyes .
Hereafter is another case of `` poor material , decent direction '' .
Food for thought , this movie may provide ... but it fails to linger long after the end credits roll .
More concerned with loneliness in this life than anything that happens after death
Eastwood fails to infuse any moments of suspense or heart into the story and when all is said and done , Hereafter is an anticlimactic , sleepy and momentum-less mess of a film .
This movie is n't about anything . This emperor is wearing no clothes .
Clint Eastwood 's late life/late career fascination with mortality , death and grieving devolves , at long last , into a cheap parlor trick in Hereafter .
Superficially satisfying but oftentimes disappointing , `` Hereafter '' focuses on three major stories , one of which works far better than the other two .
A terrific , albeit dreary , character drama that directly addresses one of humanity 's most enduring mysteries .
Before long , the afterlife starts to sound pretty damn appealing .
Thankfully , there is light at the end of the tunnel . Just do n't expect any grand revelations before the curtain falls .
... The filmmakers choose a period setting for their film , then dispense with it part way into the story , once it 's become a hindrance to the interests of the corporate sponsors ...
... an engaging , sporadically enthralling drama that ranks as one of Eastwood 's better efforts as of late .
Earnestly heartfelt all the way , this movie goes bonkers right out of the gate and does n't let up until the final shot of Damon having a vision of his own future , so do n't worry if you find yourself giggling .
Hereafter ca n't quite make up its mind what it is exactly about , resulting in a film that builds and builds and builds ... to nothing .
A powerful , intoxicating spiritual drama with a swift , delicate emotional core and fascinating characters .
... an honest attempt to explore the single greatest mystery of life ... with intelligence , open-mindedness , understanding , and compassion .
full review at Movies for the Masses
All in all , a disappointment from Mr Eastwood .
Dull and unmoving , Hereafter offers little more than cop out resolutions to its supernatural themes , and a lack of testicular fortitude in its refusal to utter the words `` Heaven '' or `` God '' .
What is terrific about Eastwood is that he has a real cleanness in his approach to filmmaking and there is n't this claptrap of sentimentality surrounding it .
In the end , an elevating and in many ways , exceptional experience .
Hereafter is worth taking seriously because , finally , it 's about taking care to live decently -- not piously , or proudly , but honestly , in the here and now .
This melancholy tale - not so much about the afterlife as about its teasingly morbid lure on three people in different countries - is far from director Clint Eastwood 's best , and comes with a particularly dull performance from Matt Damon .
Now powering through his 80s , Clint Eastwood is doing the best , most thoughtful work of his career .
An unusual but absolutely absorbing work which bravely tackles the big questions with thoughtfulness and real emotion .
Hereafter asks for no such leaps of faith . It offers no poignancy or spirit ; merely an obtuse interpretation of the never-never , book-ended with shrugs .
It is sincere , well-meaning and , I 'm sorry to say , quite transparent hokum .
With Eastwood stubbornly determined to make one of the quietest films you 'll ever see and Matt Damon restrained like never before , the Hereafter could either leave you thinking ... or seriously underwhelmed .
So ridiculous was Hereafter that I laughed out loud several times at the ill thought-out , quasi-spiritualist philosophy it vomited from the screen .
All of the strands are weak in their own ways , but the film at least would have had redemptive moments if it was n't structured so badly .
A baby-brained meditation on the afterlife , it 's a cosmic catastrophe , the kind of New Age nonsense a schoolkid might write before realising what a crock of hooey it was and binning it .
Has no narrative thrust and nothing profound to say , although it 's mostly well acted and features some diverting locations , including a good deal of south London .
This is a consoling , romantic , inspirational movie in the mid-1940s manner of Portrait of Jennie and A Guy Named Joe .
Psychic Damon says : `` A life that 's all about death is no life '' . We say : A film that 's all about death is no film .
Hereafter tries to do what Crash did but without the superficial gloss , the charm or actors who can actually act . The result is desperately , eye-achingly drab .
Eastwood 's weepy depiction of the ` here ' is just as dull and tedious as his superficial exploration of the ` after ' .
Life , death , the beyond ... Ah , the beyond . Such a minefield for respectable filmmakers .
A thoughtful and sensitive work , and while it may not convince the sceptics that there is something hereafter , it offers something to think about .
Clint Eastwood is the master storyteller , allowing the story to glide as smoothly as silk transcending time and place to hone from the big picture to the individual story
Well , I guess the winning streak had to end sometime .
This is a bewilderingly pointless drama , weaving together three dreary stories about mortality and the afterlife .
Could it be that Peter Morgan 's clout gave him the right to dredge up from his desk drawer some terrible old script ? Maybe . Either way , it 's one to forget for all concerned .
Not his finest , but that 's proof of how great this man is .
Despite stand-out moments both epic and intimate , Clint 's latest is a film about death that 's likely to put many audiences to sleep .
It thoughtfully reflects on how deep sorrow and melancholy can change existence , with both Damon and de France really making their performances count .
The start of each story promises so much . Yet the more often we ask `` yes , and then ? '' , the less often Morgan and Eastwood stump up a convincing answer .
Disappointing drama that 's let down by a plodding script , painfully slow pacing , a number of emotional misfires and an atrocious child performance .
Slow , ponderous and as shallow as it thinks it is deep , lifted only by an impressive opening and fine work from Damon and Howard .
The result may not plumb Shyamalanian awfulness , but if you did get to the afterlife you 'd hope they were n't playing this movie .
It remains watchable in spite of some rum narrative and performances from kids that woud n't get them a gig as extras on Byker Grove .
There I was , trapped in the dark , staring at a piercing light , and feeling the reaper 's icy claw fingering my throat . Did I experience the afterlife ? No . Just Clint Eastwood 's new film about it .
Torna-se profundamente autoral não apesar de suas falhas , mas - vejam só como é o Cinema - justamente em função destas .
Un film menor en la carrera de Clint Eastwood , que se presenta como una exploración sobre algunas interrogantes del ser humano pero que , más allá de cierto interés y un buen nivel general , se queda en la superficie .
We get that the story may not be about answers , but the film could have used a lot more interesting , thought-provoking questions along the way .
Eastwood effectively taps into a well of our common feelings -- fear of death , the numbing shock of being aware of our mortality , and , most largely , the desperate need for closure .
My tepidly positive reaction to Hereafter comes as a pretty big surprise , given my feelings about Eastwood 's recent work .
Out of all this , Eastwood crafts an often beautiful film
Strangely stiff and repetitive .
According to Eastwood and Morgan -LRB- who had much better luck with his screenplays on Queen Elizabeth , Idi Amin , and David Frost -RRB- , people die so two self-indulgent souls can finally find true love while dreadful music plays in the background .
the climatic interweaving of the narrative strands feels profoundly anticlimatic , delivering a modicum of emotional payoff but little else
Let me pull out my crystal ball : `` Hereafter '' is intriguing in a lot of ways , but not a `` Million Dollar Baby . ''
Has the same effect as an encounter with a phony physic-it keeps delivering just enough to tantalize , never has a real payoff and eventually makes you realize that you 've been conned .
Sinks under a kind of glum , watery mood . Neither particularly poignant nor thoughtful about loss or survivors ' spiritual search for meaning , the script just bobs along . Always watchable but rarely memorable , the movie fades silently into the light .
`` Hereafter '' has some quality parts , but ultimately fails because it does n't really care about what it 's supposed to be about .
The climax was just as incredulous as Clint 's unconvincing look at the hereafter .
Somber and thought-provoking , ` Hereafter ' is a think piece , a serious film that provides no answers but does supply viewers with a lot of ` what ifs . '
In the film 's far-reaching goals , `` Hereafter '' fails to connect its meticulous plotting together , leaving the second hour unnecessarily tedious and overtly detached from the audience .
Hereafter is an entertaining film . That said , it would have been even better had it picked any one of the plot strands and focused exclusively on it .
It is a movie that opens with a bang and goes out with a somber , and for me quite poignant , whimper , the human story at its core one I could n't tear my eyes away from .
Deep into his career , the great American director Clint Eastwood has made a European movie .
A meandering , pointless disappointment from the normally exceptional Eastwood .
Hereafter does n't feel like a Clint Eastwood film ; it 's more like a very special edition of John Edward 's psychic TV show .
It 's hard to get girls when you are a psychic , even if you look like Matt Damon .
This is a movie that is , at its root , a romance , wrapped up in an 80-year-old master director 's musings about what happens to us when we die .
When it got to the end , it seemed like a lot of effort for not much payoff .
The Eastwood magic still works . This is not his best film but it is still a good one .
Along with a plodding script , the key character knows what he wants but takes no bold steps to get it . Even Damon appears confused in the movie .
A few great performances buoy the proceedings , but the laziness of Morgan 's script and the overall lack of focus or momentum combine to sink it .
A finely drawn human drama , it just fails to go far enough with the supernatural elements .
Unrelievedly somber and slow , giving a gloomily portentous feel to ideas that are n't nearly as profound as the makers seem to think .
Harry Potter-style hocus pocus only aimed at folks who came of age in the era of the Ouija board .
There are no real answers here , strictly more questions , but Eastwood clearly relishes exploring subjects which can be labeled troublesome .
These `` interwoven fate '' plots often suffer from severe strains of skepticism , but Eastwood keeps things controlled , and -- it never seems contrived .
Like a wasted appointment at a bad psychic 's reading room . All the set dressing is there , but it leaves you with an empty , unsatisfied feeling inside .
With a deliberate pace and some fine performances , this film makes the utterly preposterous seem almost believable . That is quite an achievement in itself . More than that , Eastwood has made this an enjoyable film , which is just as remarkable .
Contains moments of exceptional beauty as well as scenes of intense emotional anguish . I admire Eastwood for taking on another difficult theme and handling it so well .
Damon breathes some life in to this boring film , but he 's only in one-third .
Factoring in the on location filming in Paris and London , low key dialogue-speak , the multiple plot structure , and long takes , ` Hereafter ' has a foreign film look and feel .
Hereafter unfolds with the patience of a good book , a factor likely to turn off more antsy audience members . Yet those who do n't flinch at its meditative rhythms will find much to appreciate .
Depicted as a bunch of glowing shadows shuffling around in a blue haze , the hereafter might be the world 's last smoking lounge .
What could have been an interesting exploration of the gateway to eternity takes an uncomfortable eternity to get to the point .
There 's something disarmingly compelling about the story that keeps working despite the rickety framework Eastwood and Morgan have forced upon themselves .
Flat lines in less than an hour and does n't deserve an afterlife on either DVD or cable television . The movie 's only strength is the spectacular computer-generated special effects of the tidal waves triggered by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and the ...
Long-winded , ponderous and without much in the way of compelling drama .
The best scenes in this international project are among the best work Clint Eastwood has ever done .
Here a mature filmmaker at the top of his game muses on life after death . But this is no starry-eyed , gullible wallow in the bathos of eternal bliss .
I sincerely can not help but worry , with no snarkiness intended whatsoever , whether Clint Eastwood has gone senile ... I ca n't imagine what else explains the utterly baffling Hereafter .
The film is a deeply compassionate , decidedly secular and somewhat plodding meditation on what matters now and what lies beyond this life .
Eastwood and Morgan skillfully and slowly unveil each character 's struggles and then send them on their way to inevitable encounters with one another .
The last 30 minutes of the film hint at what it might have been if someone had whipped that script into shape ; the idea of exploring experiences of the afterlife was a great one , and Eastwood certainly has the vision to pull it off .
Eastwood 's filmmaking here is laboriously tasteful and painfully restrained to the point of complete atrophy .
A Final Destination movie with the air of respectability that Clint Eastwood commands , but absolutely no fun . Clint Eastwood doing Final Destination may sound awesome , but this is a movie just designed to make you feel miserable .
Though I found Hereafter meandering and occasionally sentimental , I could n't help but admire Clint Eastwood 's ambition in taking on-headfirst-the greatest fact of human existence .
I realize it 's bad manners to be flip about a movie that emblazons its heart on its sleeve . But Hereafter , soggy with portentous uplift , invites that response .
Epic filmmaking is not Clint Eastwood 's thing .
Hereafter is deep and deliberate . It requires patience and emotional maturity from its audience . Those willing to give it will be rewarded with a cinematic experience that is complex , heartfelt and spiritually uplifting .
Coincidences and improbabilities aside , the script sometimes borders on the absurd .
... at once comforting and unsettling -- both in the best possible way .
Who knew conversing with the dead was so much like a visit to the therapist ?
The problematic concept keeps ` Hereafter ' earthbound , but the film contains four sequences that affirm Eastwood 's mastery , including the opening tsunami , which is not only spectacular but somehow intimate , thanks to the focus on the character of Marie ...
Skeptics and scoffers will find `` Hereafter '' the funniest film of the year . Others , however , might simply yawn at its pretentious cravings , funereal pace , and murky intentions .
Skeptics and scoffers will find `` Hereafter '' the funniest film of the year . Others , however , might simply yawn at its pretentious cravings , funereal pace , and murky intentions .
Intense drama asks what comes after death .
Hereafter features excellent acting and characterizations and deftly avoids being the kind of bore movies about this subject tend to be but does n't register on a strong enough level to be considered in the upper echelons of the careers of anyone involved .
`` Hereafter '' asks several questions and wisely does not offer any answers . Those , the director and screenwriter leave to the viewer .
It works best when it stays away from all the preachy overtones of other multi-character dramas like Crash , but it does stumble a bit in an attempt to spell everything out too conveniently .
After prompting us to seriously ponder life 's ultimate question , Eastwood 's final answer seems to be : Do n't worry about it .
Two pounds of story flopping around in a 10-pound bag .
A triptych of tales which argue for a stronger editorial hand and the inherent flaw in such a format - all parts of your omnibus better work , or the failures threaten to pull down the successes .
Hereafter is content to sit back and do nothing - a smart , well directed , well acted nothing .
Oh for a smarter story , with a brisker pace , to support such excellent talents . At least we still get to experience the good , the bad and , if not the ugly , then the so-so .
Nothing that happens later in the movie lives up to the inexorable , thundering , power of the tsunami , which makes the under-imagined images of the afterlife thin and tepid .
It 's not that the film 's message is wrong as whether we needed two hours of not very interesting stories about not particularly interesting people to get that lesson .
Hereafter should have a lot more life , but instead heads mournfully into the white light . Stay away !
Starts off with a shocking , emotional opening scene , but that 's the last exciting and interesting thing to happen in the movie .
Eastwood seems to have become M. Night Shyamalan . It 's a good thing , since Shyamalan has been doing such a lousy job of it .
Hereafter is the perfect example of an intriguing concept in need of some collaborative brainstorming between a talented writer and a visionary director , followed by a few rewrites .
Hereafter is a disappointing flick containing great potential that leads to absolutely nothing .
It 's safe to say that , as a director , Clint Eastwood shows no fear .
Morgan and Eastwood 's depiction of the afterlife repeats the standard clichés , never examining whether the white light and the unintelligible greeting committee stick around for all eternity or are the result of human brain chemistry firing wildly .
For all the goodwill that a new Clint Eastwood picture carries , there 's no getting around the fact that this one just does n't work .
It starts out with a tsunami -- and ends up standing in a puddle .
Hereafter is n't about the hereafter so much as it is about those who are left here , after .
Wastes its earnest poignancy with a script reliant on corny storytelling clichés .
-LSB- Peter -RSB- Morgan 's script is n't up to his usual standards and -LSB- Clint -RSB- Eastwood 's also off his game .
Sadly , after the gripping , engaging and emotionally charged roller coaster of an opening , the film ends up fairly lifeless and in the need of a defibrillator to bring it back . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Eastwood shows off filmmaking so fluid and skilled that it makes you weep with joy .
Filmed with a master 's eye , `` Hereafter '' continues the streak of outstanding films directed by Clint Eastwood .
Not since `` Good Will Hunting '' has Damon , who also co-starred in Eastwood 's real-life 2009 drama `` Invictus , '' been more vulnerable , boyish or sympathetic .
Feels like the beginning of a discussion , one Eastwood likely has with his peers as they age .
A lot of dull hooey about mankind 's search for answers . Mankind 's slow , interminable search for answers .
One of those movies that works better on a second viewing ; it 's a gentle , loosely structured tale of lost souls that 'll wash away if you let it .
Eastwood 's directorial output , from Mystic River on , constitutes the 21st century 's first cinematic marvel , and Hereafter is among the best things he has ever done .
Clint Eastwood 's gentle , thoughtful film about the fragility of life and the promise of a life beyond .
Hereafter , made in the ghostly image of the concept it explores , lingers after it 's gone .
Eastwood continues to churn out one unique , challenging film after another .
Each -LSB- story -RSB- is so thinly plotted and devoid of any real emotion that it 's no wonder they had to string three of them together to make a complete film .
A movie of this sort should never leave the viewer cold , and that , alas , is what this one does .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- optimistic . Hokey , even . But it 's beautiful , too .
Matt Damon talks to the dead in Hereafter , though after awhile , it 's hard to tell who 's who .
Eastwood 's latest is serenely , even masterfully eccentric -- the sort of movie that begins with a tsunami and ends with a kiss .
-LSB- Eastwood 's -RSB- first boring film .
It is n't a film fixated on death so much as what comes after and how that affects the living , the type of subject typically treated in films as a theoretical conceit , but one that Eastwood pursues with his trademark straightforward style .
... genuinely and deeply moving , and Damon 's performance in particular grows into something uncanny and beautiful .
Hereafter is a solemnly reassuring film made by major talents working intriguingly outside their comfort zones .
Rather than touching and meaningful , it just comes off as dour and pedantic .
proposes a fierce universe , but one where things happen for a reason , and in this it is as profoundly comforting as it is overwhelmingly lyrical
Forget Dirty Harry -- this might be Clint Eastwood 's most controversial and divisive film ever .
The finished product so often feels like an early draft of a movie that 's in dire need of further revision .
Probably Clint Eastwood should not make sentimentalized , epical films about wish fulfillment . But there 's Hereafter . It 's a film that might make Clint 's mentor the late Don Siegel look away .
Hereafter is less concerned with the metaphysics of existence after we die -- contrasted with the CGI playground of The Lovely Bones -- than the earthly tribulations of people still alive who struggle to cope with the brush of Death 's hand .
Fans keyed into Eastwood 's gentle past work might be more inclined to sit back and allow the filmmaker to find his own way , even if that means a few melodramatic rough patches and a bizarrely pat ending .
Eventually , you realize the movie is n't comprised of much more than premise , greeting-card wisdom and coincidences , and its two hours start to grow long .
Hereafter is really full of half-thoughts . As with Woody Allen 's You Will Meet a Tall , Dark Stranger , it 's difficult to tell if this film confronts belief or if disbelief simply is being given the upper hand .
Riiight . Who 's up for some Parcheesi ?
There are moments when you want to nudge Hereafter to make sure it 's awake .
Clint Eastwood 's Hereafter considers the idea of an afterlife with tenderness , beauty and a gentle tact .
Eastwood has pondered both mortality and spirituality before and far more successfully .
Humanity 's universal curiosities have n't been so vapidly exploited since The Da Vinci Code .
Morbid medium hates the dead . Hereafter , Clint must write a new soundtrack or just retire to a Tuscany farmhouse to enjoy old age .
Ambitious to be sure , but this muted exploration of life here and after is one of Eastwood 's rare misfires .
Hereafter is quintessential Eastwood , marked by the classic style , level of intimacy and general flair for storytelling that has defined the best of his career .
Special mention must be made of Bryce Dallas Howard , who takes a swing at the Manic Pixie Dream Girl role and hits a stand-up double ; it 's not exactly a good performance , but it briefly energizes a moribund movie .
Demeaning both to believers and to unbelievers , and for the same reason : It stacks the deck too heavily in one direction .
Eastwood 's latest drama fails to ignite a spark that will bring an audience to see a film involving the afterlife and supernatural .
A curiously tantalizing , melancholy meditation on mortality and the afterlife .
Well-acted , quietly moving and mildly intriguing , but not nearly as powerful as it could have been with a braver script that took more risks .
A soppy , disorganized melodrama with a lot of big ideas and virtually no significance .
The filmmaking choices Eastwood has made here range from merely misguided to numbingly dopey .
For its celebration of the universal yearning for answers to the big questions , Hereafter is an interesting film to look at . It gets more interesting when you factor in a couple of impressive special effects -- yes , in a Clint Eastwood movie .
It 's as if everyone involved in the film figured they could keep Hereafter from turning ghost-story hokey by making it grounded , beautiful and matter-of-fact . And it sort of works .
It 's meant to make us ask , `` All right , what comes after ? '' But it leaves real Eastwood fans only wondering , `` Okay -- what comes next ? ''
Either you buy their Vaseline-lensed visions of the hereafter , or you watch in stony silence , as I did , wondering why there 's no one to care about .
The movie drags , yet it feels like it 's missing an hour . It features three characters on three continents who barely interact with one another . And after 130 minutes , it stops without concluding .
Hereafter is an overly schematic melodrama that fails to raise a pulse . It 's as lifeless as the ghosts that haunt the film 's characters .
The viewer waits , at first expectantly and later with increasing irritation , as the disparate story strands are forced together in the `` are you kidding ? '' finale .
It has the power to haunt the skeptical , to mystify the credulous and to fascinate everyone in between ...
It 's his silliest film since 1990 's The Rookie , only without the guilty pleasures of , say , watching Charlie Sheen burn down a bar using nothing more than his natural fire-breathing talents .
Clint Eastwood 's slide into irrelevance continues with this muzzy-headed , vaguely supernatural drama about three people whose lives are shadowed by death .
Hollywood once upon a time made films exploring these kinds of issues , but in today 's climate only a filmmaker like Eastwood , determined to never do the same thing twice , would have the nerve and the clout to take it on .
This is no tale of paranormal activity . It offers no clear-cut answers on life after death . Rather , it calmly examines death , grief and melancholy , packing an unexpectedly profound emotional gut-punch .
Hereafter makes no grand statement about life after death . It 's just Eastwood pondering the subject , as any thoughtful person might , and inviting us to think along with him . It 's hard to pass up so sincere an offer .
The only thing more disconcerting than seeing an action-disaster sequence open a Clint Eastwood drama is watching the 80-year-old auteur channel M. Night Shyamalan .
A poignant , meditative , meaningful , and commendable movie about the afterlife from the uniquely gifted Clint Eastwood .
Just because a film takes place entirely in the long shadow of death does n't mean it has to be this relentlessly dour .
Hereafter is imperfect but it is less about understanding our final destination than how we map out our own course to arrive there
Hereafter , set to a resonant Eastwood score , truly is haunting .
Easily one of the most unusual films in Eastwood 's career , and one of the most unique films to come out of Hollywood all year .
A trio of thinly-drawn narratives that combine into one triply disappointing mega - `` meh '' , it does n't so much ask questions about the afterlife as threaten to .
Clint Eastwood 's somber meditation on life after death is every bit as ponderous as you 'd expect . In the hands of this superlative director , it 's also very watchable .
Another masterful benchmark in Clint Eastwood 's illustrious career .
Eastwood weaves between these disparate yet intrinsically connected story lines smoothly and without hurry . The pacing may feel a bit too languid , but it allows us to get to know these characters by observing who they are as opposed to what they do .
Damon -- reunited with director Clint Eastwood following their work on Invictus -- makes a sincere , low-key medium , conveying information like a reporter rather than a precious mystic .
Will eventually be remembered as one of Eastwood 's best films of this period of his remarkable career .
Shifting gears to a softer , gauzier mood , Clint Eastwood 's Hereafter finds the masterful icon charting new terrain .
An undercooked slice of paranormal mumbo jumbo with the genes of an M. Night Shyamalan chin-scratcher but the execution of a diffident nonbeliever . What was Clint thinking ?
Dirty Harry has mellowed with age , not entirely a bad thing .
Multiple story lines cross international borders to mix personal tragedy with post-9 / 11 existential terror : Hereafter is a mawkish mondo mistico , obvious , schematic , and sometimes subtitled .
An uneven but absorbing triptych of stories concerning the bonds between the living and the dead .
Eastwood just keeps surprising - and Hereafter is an intriguing entry in a long and varied career .
Clint see dead people . Mixing mortality , meds , mysticism and migraines , this globe trotting ghost tale intertwines characters venturing beyond the grave into a multinational afterlife , without crossing the line into religious doctrine . Make My Daydream .
The bafflement that comes with loss is certainly a strong enough emotion to get a story moving , but , by turning to spiritualism , visions , and the afterlife , Morgan has wandered into hokum without illuminating grief .
Hereafter occupies some muzzy twilight zone , too woo-woo sentimental to be real , too limp to make for even a halfway decent ghost story .
Clint Eastwood 's Hereafter is a bad movie , even an awful one .
Clint Eastwood crafts a Babel all his own with Hereafter , a trifurcated tale of death , grief , and the great beyond that finds the director succumbing to eye-rolling corniness .
`` Hereafter '' is Clint Eastwood 's celebration of life in all its transitional forms , death included .
Methodical storytelling has been an Eastwood trademark for years , but never has a film of his felt so lifelessly uncertain of its own intentions .
A point of departure for Eastwood , Hollywood 's most versatile and prolific director today , Hereafter suffers from narrative flaws -LRB- compromised ending -RRB- , but it offers quite an intriguing meditation about fate and mortality , life and death .
Slowly paced but worthwhile film .
The movie will divide some Eastwood fans , conquer others . The naysayers will be grateful that , from this healthy , workaholic actor-director , there is always the promise of a good movie -- if not here , then hereafter .
Another strong and unexpected drama from Clint Eastwood .


@highlight

Despite a thought-provoking premise and Clint Eastwood 's typical flair as director , Hereafter fails to generate much compelling drama , straddling the line between poignant sentimentality and hokey tedium .