This celebrated Sundance prizewinner does n't look quite so special . Actually , it seems Very Special -- as in one of those Very Special Episodes of an ongoing television series .
The writing is not always as developed as one would wish it , but this seems almost paltry in light of the dramatic truth and rivetingly real performances which are elicited .
This is a satisfying , spicy little picture .
-LRB- the writer-directors -RRB- fill their story with well-observed contrasts ... Although ` Quinceanera ' is full of distinctly Hispanic sounds and flavors , its themes of tolerance and understanding should apply to any culture .
The film is filled with heart and good humor , but there is a bit of edge to it as well .
Lovely and lovable .
The underwhelming drama contains echoes of so many other indie flicks that anything original is all but drowned out .
Though it does n't ride quite as smoothly as that Hummer limo Magdalena fantasizes over , the film succeeds as a heartfelt slice-of-life examining a culture too often ignored in film .
Emily Rios is terrific as Magdalena , brilliantly capturing both her character 's confusion and her determination to get on with her life .
Touching , charming and very engagingly played , it offers perceptive insights into LA Latino culture as well as solid , slightly old-fashioned entertainment .
The film is so appealing and so human -LRB- at least when it keeps its focus -RRB- that it 's hard to resist its charms .
The storytelling remains less than satisfying , particularly the ending .
An unexpected self-portrait from a town that loves to tell stories about itself , often to the exclusion of the countless equally deserving dramas unfolding just a few blocks away .
The setting and the people in it make Quinceanera a party worth an RSVP .
Principals Emily Rios , Jesse Garcia and Chalo Gonzalez bring affecting authenticity to this tale of finding 's one place .
Full of acute observations about the social changes and economic divisions that are present not just within the neighborhood but the cousins ' own families .
A moving tale about family , friendship , and those extravagant teenage parties that somehow never make anyone feel like Cinderella .
Should be required viewing for the creator of ` Mallard Fillmore ' and others who believe bilingualism is somehow a threat to U.S. security .
The film is serious and thoughtful but not overwrought .
Quinceañera is an engrossing look at modern Mexican-American life in Los Angeles , as well as universal family themes , and buoyed by superb acting , especially from Rios , Garcia and a particularly beatific Gonzalez .
It feels awkward , both in the pat screenplay and the uneven direction .
You realize that , while pretending to break ground , Quinceañera is ultimately stuck in familiar Hollywood formulas .
The picture 's transparency of purpose erodes its usefulness as a social auger : we know what 's on its mind , but the trip might be worth taking , anyway .
It may be ill-advised to admit that by the last frame , tears filled my eyes . To fulfill my obligation to avoid spoilers , however , I just wo n't say why .
-LSB- Has -RSB- courage to look realistically , instead of idealistically , at some dubious civic practices ; and second , honesty about the painful feelings of kids coupled with their desperate need for love and guidance and their ultimate desire to do the right thing .
A dramatically forced but culturally vibrant , and ultimately life-embracing , coming-of-age portrait set in a Latino enclave in transition .
Problematic is Rios ' central performance ... or non-performance . Her Magdalena is too phlegmatic to jibe with the tough , strong-willed individual the yarn calls for .
Sweet , formulaic and forgettable .
A delightful , tender , magical , romantic film , Quinceanera should bring a quieting peace to anyone who sees it
A pleasant film that does n't particularly linger in the memory .
Co-writer/directors Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland have crafted a small gem , one of those movies from which you emerge feeling happier about the human condition .
The film is suffused with the generous , nonjudgmental spirit of Uncle Tomas , whose live-and-let-live attitude warms like the sun and who helps Magdalena and Carlos make the safe passage from adolescence to maturity .
The movie 's appeal is built solidly around its multigenerational portrait of a Mexican-American family , the roots they have put down in Los Angeles and the forces that are pulling them up by those roots .
A sweet and wise little film .
A portrait of adolescents who learn to form makeshift families when their natural ones let them down , and who are too confident and resourceful to wallow in self-pity .
Sometimes , keeping it real is all we ask , and this film gets the job done .
Quinceañera , which mixes actors and real Echo Park people , often has an engaging informality about it .
An intelligent , hopeful work . What it does n't have in flash and outbursts , it trusts to the lived details . Possibility and truth , it asserts gently , convincingly , reside there .
It would be a lovely thing if -LSB- Quinceanera -RSB- could break in to the local multiplex .
A vivid portrait of an area going through big-time growing pains .
The result is something emotionally rewarding that blends both whimsy and realism .
What Quinceañera does offer is charm , sensitivity and intelligence , the qualities that garnered it both Audience and Grand Jury awards at the Sundance Film Festival .
What the movie lacks in visionary skill it makes up for in charm and wistfulness about the depleting effects of gentrification .
While it does n't have the tone of a film made by people who understand the Mexican-American social milieu from the inside , it boasts some likable performances and a life-affirming , if somewhat forced , faith in its characters ' resilience .
It 's such a warm and pleasant and human and humanist little film that it seems a tad rude to suggest that Quinceañera is n't all it needs to be in order to be a film worthy of wholehearted praise and recommendation .
Pleasant without being particularly distinctive .
There 's an upbeat spirit to `` Quinceañera '' that reflects the indomitable soul of traditional Mexican beliefs and faith .
It 's no spoiler to reveal that the film has a happy ending and no exaggeration to say I walked out of it with a spring in my step .
-LSB- Quinceanera -RSB- closes the door on bigger ideas about unexpected consequences and the sadness of waiting for opportunity that never comes .
... smart and irony-free ...
Quinceanera is a spirited and poignant exploration of the bonds and challenges facing a Latino family and the pains of a community undergoing a transition of its own .
... veers off in a completely different direction -- actually numerous directions , all of which will entice you to follow .
... a humble curtsy to the Echo Park area of Los Angeles , to Chicano resilience and the Mexican rite of 15-year-old girl virgins having a lavish party debut of adulthood .
... saucy , rowdy , heartfelt and terribly sweet movie ...
While Rios , Garcia and Gonzalez are all good in their roles , more time should have been spent on the story and script , which was written in a paltry three weeks and it shows .
It 's all such a throwback , and yet there 's something rather sweet about the way this pot boils .
What makes this modest little movie better than it sounds is the insistent beating of its heart .
Unafraid to tell it like it is , subtly examining economic issues , religious ideals and teen sexuality without exploiting them .
... a modest but remarkably poignant comedy ...
Westmoreland and Glatzer adopt a bare-bones documentary-style approach for this sensitive , sharply observed tale .
Though not quite the celebration its title implies , Quinceañera spreads its joy with warmth and dignity .
... slow to start and less than rigorous about technical and narrative concerns . But it slowly wins you over .
Set in a cultural borderland , the film ... straddles realism and melodrama , telenovela and parable .
Quinceanera took both the dramatic Grand Jury Prize and the Audience Award at this year 's Sundance Film Festival , and it 's easy to see why .
A celebration of the good that comes of accepting change , and of the bittersweet regret of bidding farewell to the sweetness that was
Pleasing yet amateurish drama .
... a sprightly and tender coming-of-age drama , which combines social commentary , engaging characterisations and a vivid sense of place .
The resolution to the girl 's problem is a mite tidy , but the movie does a good job of capturing how ostracism and liberation are sides of the same spinning coin .
... a huge leap forward from their gay-porn satire The Fluffer , , both in terms of production values and acting
In the end , what keeps Quinceañera so engaging are the wonderfully sweet , unselfconscious performances from Emily Rios and Jesse Garcia
The film gives the impression it is insulting its subjects rather than celebrating them .
Fast paced and accompanied by a buoyant soundtrack , the film keeps up with the teenagers ' raging hormones .
Another tale of an unlikely family dynamic showing the way for closed-minded conservatives , Quinceañera may be simplistic at heart , but its drama is reasonably effective .
While the central story is n't particularly imaginative , the intricacies they use to bring their characters home are .
Not only does it offer a refreshingly different view of Latin American life from the usual gangbanging , but it sharply notes the changing fortunes of L.A. minorities -- Latino , gay or both -- and the way social changes are reflected in real estate .
A funny , moving drama that manages to seamlessly blend a smart coming-of-age story with a hard look at gentrification .
Debut actress Emily Rios delivers a haunting performance in the lead , honest and nuanced , a perfect match for the documentary-style direction .
Quinceañera is n't a work of art , nor does it want to be . But it is a crowd-pleaser .
Within the formulaic structure is a deeply heartfelt desire to say something new about the Mexican-American experience .
While it 's certainly humorous and a little sentimental in places , this unique ensemble piece is finely attuned to the way real lives are lived right now .
Quinceañera , a portrait of a Mexican-American family in Los Angeles , is as smart and warmhearted an exploration of an upwardly mobile immigrant culture as American independent cinema has produced .
As sweet and gentle as it is , Quinceañera is quite clear-eyed about human cruelty and indifference .
Heartfelt and well-observed .
A doubter 's parable , the film 's story is built on one ironic juxtaposition after another and told in a manner so devoid of irony , that one begins to wonder how the filmmakers could keep their balance in such a gale of metaphysics . But they do .
... an untidy , vital slice of Latino life with a loving sense of place and a giddy , improvised feel .
... a we 're - down - with-the - locals indie kitchen-sink drama ...
Completely forgettable ... -LSB- it 's -RSB- a cross between an after-school television special and a Spanish-language soap opera .
A heartfelt drama set in the Los Angeles Latino community about a nurturing 85-year-old man who takes under his wings two rebels ostracized by their own families .
This winning feature overcomes preconceptions about feel-good teen movies , which are on the whole predictable and mediocre .
A joyous entertainment that looks into the culture of Mexican-Americans in Echo Park , L.A. .
The directors avoid the leeringness of the Larry Clark teen-sexploitation .
This crowd-pleasing indie , which elevates the Latino characters to the level of mythic sainthood while penalizing the white characters , particularly upscale gays , might prove offensive to sophisticated viewers in general and gays in particular .
A pretty great little movie .
A perfectly serviceable weepie and coming-of-age drama .
Life-affirming without being saccharine and enormously entertaining .
This is a fresh , spirited drama , charming and unpretentious .

@highlight

This slice-of-life story of a teenage girl in Echo Park is both a sweet crowd-pleaser and a perceptive look at socioeconomic community issues .