Add in some spectacular battle sequences and crisp characters , and it makes one of the best superhero movies in years .
Good actors make you care , even if the story does n't .
If you did n't see the previous movies , you may not be able to appreciate some of the subtle references , but that wo n't make you enjoy the movie any less . Check it out .
Ultimately , Hollywood has once again proven it has a power all its own : the ability to suck the life out of what was once a reasonably entertaining franchise .
X-Men does n't really know what it wants to be : a camp-fest , a super gay love story , a celebration of '60s comic book style , or a semi-solemn treatise on learning how to accept and celebrate diversity .
Many of the scenes could have been trimmed , and there 's a serious Hugh Jackman-shaped void in the comedy stakes , but for the most part , X really hits the spot .
For reasons arising from the way the X-Men film franchise has developed , this is the first Marvel movie set in the period when the characters were created , and thus able to embrace the Rat Pack cool that was part of their original charm .
That First Class also offers up a decent narrative about the importance of self-love , family bonding and friendship gives it extra dimension -- even if the overall dramatic range only goes X to Z.
X-Men : First Class manages the neat trick of staying true to the superhero legend while also creating something fresh and exciting . This class graduates with top marks .
Neither exhilarating nor entirely dismissible .
In truth , the film is a very conventional summer potboiler repackaged in reasonably pretty , moderately crisp wrapping paper . In short , not quite groovy enough .
In some glorious zone between Mad Men and Thunderbirds comes this X-Men prequel , as kinetic as it is character-driven , and full of ridiculous retro pleasures .
With spectacular effects and an engaging story , X-Men : First Class is a standout period adventure film that just happens to be about superheroes .
Great action , riveting drama , real dilemmas and interesting characters ... X-Men : First Class is fun all the way .
For all its many little foibles , X-Men : First Class , is surprisingly well-handled and directed ; surging forth with the drama and intensity of a global-looming threat .
Summer blockbusters do n't get much better than this .
X-Men : First Class is easily the most entertaining of the five X-Men pics so far .
Add a split screen montage sequence that uses solid black lines for separation in true 60s style , saucy banter and some self referential wit and you have a solid piece of stylish filmmaking .
All of this earlier part of the film , in which the young mutants discover each other and learn to control their powers , is engaging and amusing , smartly filmed and scripted . The second half , however , outstays its welcome .
As X-Men movies go , this one has a lot to recommend it by virtue of the acting alone .
Why be so harsh and long-winded about a superhero movie ? Because it 's an ambitious superhero movie .
Ultimately , though , this is a story about Xavier and Magneto , and McAvoy and Fassbender do not disappoint .
Director Matthew Vaughn 's franchise reboot or prequel or whatever it is has some artificial flavors but also some natural advantages in James McAvoy as the learned telepath Professor X and Michael Fassbender as his tormented friend Magneto .
Lack of dramatic ground work leads to the uninspiring finale : a moment of caped and cowled menace made dismayingly , ineptly comic .
The series appears healthy again . Groovy .
Even with its few missteps , X-Men : First Class represents a major step in the right direction for the series .
The pacing is remarkable -- breathless at times -- as scenes swirl between international locations , fueled by Henry Jackman 's score that growls like a rock-opera orchestra .
Both silliness and sap increase as the film rolls along , but the big action scenes are handled well , and it never becomes ridiculous enough to undercut the cool , shaken-not-stirred vibe of its first half .
That it comes with a real sense of charm , warmth and fun -- long since strangers to this particular franchise -- is a bonus .
I suppose it 's foolish to expect verisimilitude in a comic book movie -- especially one as entertaining as this proves to be . Besides , they 'll have other chances to get it right , now that X-Men : First Class has regained its mojo .
A chintzy rush-job with just enough good moments to make you wish it were better .
Vaughan , Singer and their team bring together a new X-Men holy trinity -LRB- McAvoy , Fassbender and Lawrence -RRB- and turn the tide on a franchise that had delivered two point blank shots to fans heads with The Last Stand and Origins .
A smart , first-class superhero tale that blends action with character and expands a comic book subject to the epic proportions of a Shakespearean tragedy .
The climax is the biggest letdown , a giant hash of crosscutting and unremarkable -LRB- in an era in which we 've seen everything -RRB- CGI .
A competently made , sporadically entertaining superhero action movie that will make a lot of money for Marvel and Fox .
Good , clean summer movie fun where the money they spend is up on the screen - with actors and effects
Magneto used to be a globe-trotting Bond-a-like and Xavier was a beer-chugging ladies man ? Admit it , Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart suddenly seem much more interesting .
As visually impressive as X-Men : First Class can be , Vaughn is a natural storyteller and he never loses sight of what the big picture is .
This new entry to the `` X-Men '' saga will please fans and non-fans of the comic book heroes alike , shaking things up by giving us a little something new from the franchise .
Matthew Vaughn still proves that he 's a terrific and entertaining filmmaker , while still retaining a distinct style .
Comic-book lovers , fans of alternate history , and fantasy-prone moviegoers in general are all sure to find something to love about X-Men : First Class .
One of the five worst films of 2011 . Inexplicably acclaimed , incredibly dumb .
A first-rate action film with great special effects and an effective origin tale to tell -- perhaps the best of the X-Men series so far .
With so many characters to introduce or reintroduce , Vaughn has a lot of ground to cover , and he does it in a way that at once feels retro and modern .
There 's something to be respected about a film that does n't spend most of its time in mindless action
As X-Men films go , this one gets the job done and is certainly better than Last Stand or Wolverine . But there are still just too darn many X-Men .
While it never reaches the intelligence or character richness of the first two X-Men films , it 's still the superior superhero spectacle of 2011 to date .
As a story of the founding of the mutant academy , First Class delivers on the double meaning of its title , twice .
In Matthew Vaughn 's pitch-perfect , fluid , sparklingly edited movie , we learn about demons . And would n't you know it ? It 's all about Jewish revenge .
Its attributes and weaknesses can be broken down into two categories : the relationship between Professor Charles Xavier -LRB- James McAvoy -RRB- and Magneto -LRB- Michael Fassbender -RRB- , and everything else
In a summer unfortunately glutted with superhero movies , every one an origins story , X-Men : First Class not only eclipses its competition , but also each of its franchise predecessors .
First Class might even be too good for its predecessors ' comfort . An unintended consequence of its sure handed grip on character is the retroactive tarnishing of the original films .
Not only the best X-Men film to date , but the best superhero flick yet .
Looks and feels like a very cheesy Cold War-era B movie ...
It speaks to the pathos in front of and behind the camera that so much is done with so lethargic a script .
Smartly grounds the genre 's pop-fiction and flashy effects in an era of clashing superpowers and political paranoia . And refreshingly refuses to say it 's so super being human .
January Jones ... in a James-Bond-style white catsuit , probably sums up the tone of the film as it should have been the whole way through .
Wow . That was really , really good .
Easily chimes in as the best , most engaging and visually impressive X-film so far .
Xavier 's mutants go all prequel on John F. Kennedy 's presidency .
Instead of being all about people discovering or earning their new powers , X-Men : First Class is all about the relationships . And it is a much better movie for it .
An origins tale that 's a true comic novel of a movie , `` X-Men : First Class '' boasts CGI action and character development that provides a nifty origins foundation for the series .
It 's all vastly superior to Brett Ratner 's scorched-earth X-Men : The Last Stand , of course . But new blood and swinging Sixties milieu aside , X-Men : First Class never finds a fresh way to sell the same message we 've been hearing since the first X-Men .
The great strength of the X-Men series is the way it taps into the feelings of all teenagers of being mutants . It is a natural part of that time of life to feel alienated and isolated , a bit horrified with the changes they are going through .
Brings the fun back to the X-Men franchise .
This origin story abandons the coming-out-of-the-closet motif of the previous X-Men films to embed a racial metaphor within its Marvel Comics superheroics , ` alternate history ' science-fiction and James Bond-esque Cold War intrigue .
Cartoonish , and not always in a good way , this installment still provides a metaphor for the outsider in all of us .
Among the year 's more pleasant surprises in terms of blockbusters and would-be blockbusters is Matthew Vaughn 's X-Men : First Class .
X-Men Awkward but RIghts itself in the end .
I 'm generally sick of remakes and relaunches and reboots , but this revamped X-Men origin story is kind of fun .
very nicely envisioned with impressive SPFX , until the climactic 1962 battle which jumps -LRB- or teleports past -RRB- the shark . Still , it is the best of the `` X-Men '' films
Talk about jazzing up a tired-out franchise . X-Men : First Class does that and more .
This entertaining prequel is more like James Bond meets The Dirty Dozen than a comic book story about mutants with superpowers .
Take the superpowers out and you have a pretty good foundation for a Bond or Mission : Impossible . And that 's a pretty revolutionary idea for the comic book niche .
Matthew Vaughn guides the film with a sure hand , allowing plenty of room for the dramatics to unfold without getting too dark or serious
by concentrating less and less on the humanity of the story as the film progresses , and more and more of cheap tricks and flat supporting roles , -LSB- it -RSB- shortchanges itself and the audience
The best `` comic book '' movie I have seen in some time . Good cast , good acting , good special effects - the whole production was first class .
Good effects and themes overcome a glaring plot hole .
The characters are well-drawn and the story is compelling . The acting is solid and the special effects and action scenes are well-done .
What 's next ? How about a flick where the D-Day assault on the beach at Normandy is led by the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles .
Reboot brings youth , wisdom , and a politically open mind to the summer action flick
This prequel offers a good deal of fun
Gruelingly antiseptic ... an exercise in the ill-paced , the redundant , and the flat-out boring .
Serviceable but seems more dutiful than dynamic , and is muddled by all sorts of random false notes .
The entire film is a hackneyed exercise .
It reinvigorates the series with a sense of purpose and direction . It 's exactly what the professor ordered to make the heroes of ` X-Men ' seem super again .
Fassbender , McAvoy , Lawrence , Bacon and the mutants they play make this something more than just an ordinary superhero flick .
I 'll admit that I was completely jazzed .
The result is a weird and unstable experience , and I wish I could say I gave in to the lightweight escapism .
Imagine how disappointed I am to find this movie to be a scattered affair that loses power the more it tries to take on big issues .
X-Men may not take your breath away - director Matthew Vaughn is a kinetic director but he lacks personality and still ca n't handle emotional beats - but it has enormous pulp watchability .
A marvelous achievement , and one that fixes the mistakes Bryan Singer made ...
It may not be subtle , but it is a return to what made the series so good in the first place -LSB- and is -RSB- the first X-Men movie to contain some truly spectacular action/special-effects set pieces .
It 's evident how much detail and time the CG team has invested into making the audience believe what they see is real .
. . it 's director Vaughn who emerges as the true hero here -LRB- the less said of January Jones ' leaden performance , the better -RRB- , using a breathless pace and off-kilter compositions to mask the story 's many gaps in logic .
`` X-Men : First Class '' delivers everything you could possible want out of a summer blockbuster . If only all of our mindless entertainment could be this well done .
It 's as absurd a piece of alternative history as Tarantino 's Inglourious Basterds , but much less fun .
Michael Fassbender has screen presence and emotional acuity to die for but this prequel is all prologue , no payoff .
I do n't think the cinematic world really needed a new go-round of X-Men movies , but I liked this one so much that I can actually say I 'm looking forward to another .
Oh my God , I ca n't believe how good X-Men : First Class is . It 's so good , I held my pee for at least 90 minutes because I did n't want to miss anything .
Sure , the revisionist history , plot device is troublesome , but the film 's digital effects provide enough spectacular action and levitation eye candy to soothe any blue Beast .
The best summer blockbuster of 2011 so far .
Some comic book flicks work . Others do n't . This one does .
Has its eye-popping spectacle moments .
It 's the best X-Men film since the original , and while it 's no match for either The Dark Knight or the 1978 Superman , it still ranks among the top 10 movies to date in this specialized genre . It 's that good .
X-Men : First Class '' is a meaty comic book spectacle movie you can sink your teeth in .
This blockbuster superhero movie is the best and brightest of the franchise . A definite must-see drama on a large screen that wipes out the disasters of `` Last Stand '' and `` Wolverine '' and seamlessly ties back in to the first two movies .
The film is just as filled with smaller moments that excite and entertain in equal measure .
In a genre that too often produces mindless retreads , it overdelivers . And yes , lots of things blow up , too . Welcome to summer .
Smart , witty and fun . Perfect summer viewing and a worthy entry to the higher echelons of the Marvel cinematic pantheon . A fine reboot for the franchise and I 'd happily look forward to another blast from the X-Men past .
Surprise , surprise , but X-Men : First Class is the first sequel -LRB- or in this case prequel -RRB- of the summer that actually , does n't just meet expectations , but surpasses them .
This ambitious origin story of the Marvel Comics mutants sets the action against the backdrop of the Cuban Missile Crisis and achieves an uneasy peace between the serious and the campy .
X-Men : First Class is a movie more focused on the long-term financial health of the franchise than the short-term benefit of simply making a good movie .
Someone remind Captain America to bring its A-game , because the bar just rose a little higher .
I know there 's no mention of mutants in the Wikipedia entry of the Cuban Missile Crisis , but after watching this movie , you could almost believe there should be .
It uses the themes of the previous movies to build an intelligent , fast-paced , and highly entertaining prequel .
But McAvoy and especially Fassbender do make the film worth seeing . Maybe the more accurate and descriptive title might be X-Men : Special Ed or Remedial Mutant Class so you do n't go in with high expectations .
By combining a healthy respect for the property with a playful sense of fun , it ends up being one of the most intelligent , effective superhero pictures yet .
This blazing `` pre-boot '' breathes new life into the sagging franchise
The film is ultimately undone by that old paradox of Hollywood movie production : If you are given enormous budget , you have to spend every penny .
Simply put , it 's a well-made flick that should entertain the masses and one that certainly reinvigorates what was beginning to be a waning franchise . -LRB- Parental Full Content Review also available -RRB-
New decade ; same ol' same ol' .
I do n't know how anyone unfamiliar with the X-Men can come away from First Class and not think Lensherr/Magneto is the protagonist of the film .
Lacking a single memorable joke or striking image , First Class is as perfunctory and passionless as would-be franchise resurrections get .
It 's a strangely talky motion picture that tries to advance several philosophical themes ; these would have been more interesting if we were n't already aware of how they will play out in the `` future '' X-Men trilogy .
A fourth movie that feels like a first .
We all love a good creation myth . That 's partly why X-Men : First Class is such fanboy fun .
Superhero film has action , thrills , tough moral questions .
The finest comic-book flick since 2008 's The Dark Knight .
Erik/Magneto , as played by Michael Fassbender , is , well , magnetic .
A dark and emotionally complex movie for grownups , this prequel to the Marvel Comics X-Men franchise is exactly what its title suffix says .
X-Men : First Class '' is an intelligent action flick -- a strong summer offering that contains all the elements of a successful seasonal feature .
A grade-A popcorn machine that revs on all cylinders : action , character , wit , even a welcome degree of warmth and intelligence .
Even though it sounds a wee bit silly , it all unfolds brilliantly onscreen under the guiding hand of director Matthew Vaughn .
It 's risky to reinvent an established series with a new cast and a different setting than fans are accustomed to ... but the folks at Marvel have gambled and won . Despite its flaws , X-Men : First Class is an effective reboot of the once-solid series that ...
Matthew Vaughn -LRB- `` Kick-Ass '' -RRB- breathes more life into the second Marvel franchise of the summer than the series may have ever had in the first place .
A rare blockbuster that actually busts some blocks .
It 's the life of the young and restless mutants in the sixties . ` X-Men : First Class ' managed to tarnish the franchise even more than 2009 's ` Wolverine . '
Not only does it revitalize a series on subjective life support , but it actually makes one giddy for where this entire idea can -LRB- and will most likely -RRB- go .
X-Men : First Class brings freshness and savvy to the X-Men franchise . Like Star Trek , one of the best movies of 2009 , the latest X-Men is able to invest its popular series with an entertaining vitality that one might not expect .
Does what few franchise films do today : It takes risks , offers surprises .
... fun , fast-paced , and distinctly retro ...
What a thrill-packed , rip-roaring adventure it is .
I 'm not sure if this fifth X-Men movie officially qualifies as a `` reboot , '' but it sure injects some life back into a series that fumbled its third and fourth entries .
This rarity in prequels and sequels - a film that makes you want the next chapter of the -LSB- X-Men -RSB- to be made - is going to be huge at the box office . I am glad to say , this one deserves it .
X-Men : First Class may not be perfect but it far excels what one could reasonably expect from a summer blockbuster , and it will leave viewers hungry for more .
Although this movie definitely has prequel-itis -- lots of setup , not enough action -- it is still compelling and fun from beginning to end .
I hate it when a movie set during an earlier decade gets that decade 's details wrong .
It 's X-Men : Muppet Babies ! As a prequel , X-Men : First Class is fantastic .
After `` Thor , '' this makes Marvel Comics two-for-two so far this summer movie season .
Even without making the honor roll , `` X-Men : First Class '' has earned a pass for future semesters .
The best comic book superhero movie since The Dark Knight .
The last 1/2 hour of First Class , after 100 minutes of hyperventilating cross-cutting and `` meanwhile back at ... '' scenes , is where the film excels .
A bright , bold and fun take on Marvel 's mutants .
Nerd tears came streaming down my face everytime Michael Fassbender took the screen for his epic performance . Entertaining , fun , action-packed and thankfully not in 3D !
Yet another superhero movie ... but hold your groans , people - this one is pretty damned good .
A thrilling , exciting and hugely entertaining work that both fanboys and newbies will enjoy in equal measure
It 's hard to make a lot of lofty claims for X-Men : First Class , except this one : it 's good .
Gets to the heart of what has been lacking from the previous entries of the adventures of the team of super-humans who fight ... for tolerance and equality .
Revitalizing the series with fresh blood and new ideas , `` X-Men : First Class '' is an altogether superior motion picture -- grander , better written , and more dramatically sound .
An efficient and emotionally affecting character-driven spectacle that is enhanced but not overwhelmed by its elaborate action scenes .
Like Daniel Craig in `` Casino Royale '' or , staying in the genre ' , Hugh Jackman in the first `` X-Men '' film , Fassbender leaps off the screen in what is sure to be a star making role .
You 'll like `` X-Men : First Class '' even if you do n't like superhero movies .
Revives the flagging franchise with this globe-trotting iteration , infusing it with new life and dazzling visual effects .
Vaughn and his co-scriptwriters temper the tension and the spectacle of the big set pieces with dashes of humour that will have the fanboys chuckling ...
In every sense this is genuinely First Class .
The X-Men franchise always had a lot on its mind compared to most of its superhero brethren .
Too bad that First Class torpedoes its lofty intentions with flights of idiocy so wrongheaded as to be almost endearing .
A palatable and appealing prequel to the popular mutant superhero series .
There is bad acting by good actors , terrible acting by bad actors , consistent overacting by Kevin Bacon , whose mutant villain would twirl his mustache if he had one , and plenty of bad dialogue from all involved .
`` First Class '' happily delivers on the escapism and rich narrative texture the best of its predecessors have promised .
Not `` First Class '' , but it 's OK . A pity , all the same , that promising young actors such as Jennifer Lawrence -LRB- Winter 's Bone -RRB- and Nicholas Hoult have been burdened with silly characters and even sillier make-up .
Features a spectacular mix of well-choreographed action , revisionist history , themes of tolerance , and great performances . This will be one of the best movies of this season .
Superhero movies have erred recently in trying to make themselves respectable . Vaughn 's `` First Class '' is not one of them .
McAvoy and Fassbender are a casting triumph . These two have , yes , real star magnetism , both individually and together : They 're both cool and intense , suave and unaffected , playful and dead serious about their grand comic-book work .
`` X-Men : First Class '' recaptures the character-driven strengths of the first two films in this superhero series -- while adding a surprising dash of '60s spy-movie style .
Fassbender 's performance as Magneto makes me feel how I wanted to feel about Anakin in any of the Star Wars prequels .
-LSB- Some -RSB- ludicrous but endearing moments of bro-bonding are all that sets this otherwise stock-issue superhero movie apart from its mass-produced brethren .
In most respects it 's a solid effort that maintains the integrity of this rather earnest series .
Preaching mutant pride with endearing fervor , `` X-Men : First Class '' proves to be a mutant in its own right -- a zestfully radical departure from the latter spawn of a sputtering franchise .
Undone by a frustrating mire of multiple plots , overreaching special effects , leaden ancillary players and world-ending military standoffs that have all the tension of a water balloon fight .
The magic is missing from X Men : First Class , and without it , the film 's just an average superhero movie with a dark side and a groovy Bond-era paint job .
With all the blue-haired , flying , screaming , mind-melding hi-jinks this film has to offer , you 'd think it would be able to squeeze in a few novel bursts of fun .
A potent reminder of what jazzed us about Bryan Singer 's first two X-Men and the Marvel comics that spawned them .
For the first time in a while , the prospect of another X-movie does n't make me uneasy .
X-Men : First Class walks the line between reality and fantasy to create something special .
As successful -LSB- a reboot -RSB- as J.J. Abrams ' ` Star Trek ' was ... a summer blockbuster that 's actually worth the price of popcorn .
It lacks the crossover appeal of the best in its genre , such as Superman , Spiderman 2 or Batman Begins . All the same , this is the classiest of the series and one of the better summer blockbusters so far .
Uneven , occasionally silly -- true , but it 's still an improvement over 2006 's X-Men : The Last Stand .
There 's just so much you can do with lines like `` You 're not alone , Eric , you 're not alone '' and `` the president 's about to make his address ! '' before you get sucked into the vortex .
X-Men : First Class is an uncommonly polished and sophisticated superhero movie in which the characters are so strong you sometimes forget you 're watching a story about telepaths and men who can bend steel with their minds .
A richly layered , intelligently worked-out prequel , it melds a dozen back stories , globe-hopping thrills and historic political confrontations , yet it never packs too many sardines into the tin .
The film features Michael Fassbender in a pivotal role . That 's enough to lift it above the mechanics of the routine .
With X-Men : First Class getting the heavy lifting out of the way , the sequels will presumably cut loose -- but it wo n't be easy for them to have this much fun doing it .
The prequel none of us thought we wanted turns out to be more of a fun time than anybody expected .
First Class largely does what it sets out to do , by turning out another crowd-pleasing comic-book film designed to bring in new fans while gratifying the old ones .
The big ideas and battles come off thoughtfully and handsomely .
The mutants-in-motion X-Men : First Class is a fun ride . It helps that James McAvoy and Michael Fassbender have charisma to spare .
-LSB- X-Men : First Class -RSB- looks fabulous , demonstrates a highly evolved pop movie sensibility and is the best X-Men movie since Singer 's X-Men -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .
First Class flirts with inclusion among the best Marvel projects to hit the big screen .
A stylish , often violent , mostly entertaining prequel that never outstays its two hours-plus duration and suggests that there may be some life in the franchise yet .
Mr. Vaughn does n't bring conviction to the story 's identity politics -LRB- say it loud , I 'm mutant and I 'm proud -RRB- , but he gives Mr. Fassbender and Mr. McAvoy room to bring the brotherly love .
In laying out the X-Men backstory , Vaughn has done lots of things right . In the first half , in particular , he 's conscious of keeping the story grounded on a modest , human scale that is n't overshadowed by booming special effects .
The notion of a period-piece comic book movie , which could fancifully reshuffle historical episodes , has great potential , but neither the cast nor the filmmakers aim for the sort of period detail that would have made the premise interesting .
The scene where the mutants stand on a beach and mentally duel by causing both American and Soviet missiles to shuttle back and forth in the sky is ... hilarious , I was going to say , but no , I should consider this scene more devoutly .
A superb , stylish piece of modern mythology .
Factor in top-notch special effects and a spectacularly gripping finale , and you 've got one of the best action releases of 2011 .
works so well on multiple levels
The first such film since 2008 's The Dark Knight that has something on its mind other than lavish effects and high decibels .
A solid X-Men adventure with the fresh take on superhero concerns , but it also feels rushed , racing to hammer in its position as the first film of the saga , often forgetting to kick back and simply enjoy the vast mutant view .
An exceptionally strong , smart , stylish , vibrant and fresh reboot of the X-Men franchise .
A solid , sturdy comic book movie that combines X2 's showmanship with the first X-Men 's strong narrative throughline .
If there is to be yet another X-Men movie in the future - though I have to say that now might be the time to call it quits - then a solo effort with Fassbender 's super-nasty Magneto would be the way to go .
Though `` First Class '' has its share of well-honed action sequences , it shines in the same way the previous films did : through fine casting and carefully crafted characters .
`` X-Men : First Class '' ? More like coach , actually .
The best superhero movie since The Dark Knight . An excellent balance of fun and serious , high-stakes excitement .
A large and talented cast manages to make more than a dozen characters pop , but still this is the Michael Fassbender show .
There is new hope that the guy originally chosen to close this series has reinvigorated a reboot that could be destined for its own trilogy .
While the whole film is professionally executed and goes down smoothly enough , the underlying stupidity of its subject matter ca n't help but show through in the end .
Explosive and adventurous origin story , a prequel that takes the superhero outsiders back to their roots .
It 's big , bright , savvy , and so expansive you 'll undoubtedly leave feeling you got your money 's worth .
Second class at best .
Vaughn nicely balances character development and historical resonance with the demands of a large-scale action movie .
Although this fourth film -LRB- if you do n't include the Wolverine spin-off -RRB- is not as good as X2 , it 's absolutely a step in the right direction .
Based in Vegas , flashing mutant sideburns and mostly mustering an evil grin , Bacon is less of a super-villain and more of an atomic Wayne Newton .
Entertaining enough for a Saturday night , and much more satisfying than the last X-Men ' offshoot , the woeful Wolverine .
The result is one of the best Marvel adaptations , packed with action , humor , retro 1960s style that 's both campy and sexy and a revisionist history lesson that puts the X-Men at the center of the Cuban missile crisis .
Any film that sees Professor X downing a yard of ale before chatting up girls down the pub has classic written all over it .
These days at the movies , one tends to give a lot of thanks for small favors .
A collage of camped-up , sometimes cockamamie , cold war moments .
`` X-Men : First Class '' is n't anywhere close to being a genre classic like `` Spider-Man 2 '' or `` The Dark Knight , '' but it is good enough to rejuvenate a franchise stuck on idle .
Director Matthew Vaughn has shaken the cobwebs off the franchise and confidently delivered this prequel as a first class blockbuster .
Does n't redefine the franchise so much as restore what 's been missing ever since -LSB- Bryan -RSB- Singer left the director 's chair .
This has been robustly and intelligently directed by Vaughn .
This is the origins film every fan of the X-Men comics or films wanted and the perfect tonic for those disillusioned by the recent instalments .
A fun rejuvenation of the franchise and one that will surely have fans wanting even more .
It 's the love story of Charles and Erik .
Matthew Vaughn 's new inspired-by-canon film takes L'essence du X and seals it in a petri dish with cells from 1960s adventure pictures .
Impressively directed and superbly acted , this is a thoroughly entertaining superhero prequel that gets everything right , delivering thrilling action sequences , state-of-the-art special effects and an intelligent script that 's both moving and funny .
While the context of Matthew Vaughn 's slick ` X-Men ' origin story feels like it 's been filched from the notepad of a GCSE History student , there 's no shortage of breathtaking spectacle elsewhere .
It turns out even cash cows can moo intelligently .
... a nice reminder that you can throw all the high concepts and action choreography and special effects you want at something , but unless you tell a good story , tell it well , and create engaging characters , none of that matters .
Mutants are born again in Fox 's kinetic adventure .
While its jagged pacing may not make for a smooth ride , it 's quick enough to blend in the bumps and make them part of the fun .
Incredible special effects and surprisingly good acting make for a thoroughly enjoyable prequel .
Além de envolvente do início ao fim , preenche as lacunas deixadas pelos anteriores de forma intrigante , despertando a vontade de revê-los a fim de reavaliar o que lá acontecia sob a luz dos incidentes aqui ocorridos .
Bears more in common with ` The Spy Who Loved Me ' than any of the previous ` X-Men ' installments , or any other comic book flicks , for that matter , and is all the better because of it .
One of the most energetic superhero movies to come along in ages . The summer of 2011 has a new king !
Gripping , intelligent , richly characterised and superbly performed , the latest entry into the comic book cinematic landscape is nothing short of utterly brilliant .
It 's remarkable how many things `` First Class '' gets right , whether it 's the decision to have characters speak different languages as the film 's frequent globe-trotting dictates , or the casting of Fassbender and McAvoy .
Represents a successful reboot and a welcome return of the summer blockbuster .
A truly exciting and apt prequel ... with some outstanding performances from McAvoy and Fassbender that go to fuel an even greater buzz for a post-prequel meeting of gifted minds .
I can live with his approach but it feels like Vaughn was afraid to pull the curtain back and truly expose the mutants ' fragile state . He 's kept things simpler , easier to handle .
As an in-depth exploration of the relationship between two of the genre 's most interesting characters , it 's well , alright , yes , it 's First Class . Roll on sophomore year .
With its early-1960s Cold-War setting , megalomaniac villain and lissome babes in mini-skirts , X-Men : First Class could , in places , pass for a Connery-era 007 spy thriller .
The film in general handles its narratives well , but it does feel like the screenplay wants very much to get everything in place for a sequel by the time the credits roll .
Just when -LSB- Vaughn -RSB- starts to have a little fun , you can practically feel him pull back , lest he get too campy or weird . Or fun . At least slashfiction fans will find a treasure trove of sequences -LSB- with -RSB- Fassbender and McAvoy to inspire some saucy material .
In a sea of sloppy sequels -LRB- Pirates 4 -RRB- and rote remakes -LRB- Hangover 2 -RRB- , X-men : First Class stands out for simply being something different -- good .
Smartly scripted , smoothly directed and well-acted . Not just the best film in the series , but the best adaptation of a Marvel comic title yet
Audacious , confident and fueled by youthful energy , this is a surefire summer winner for a wide global audience .
It 's slightly overlong and its message of `` geek empowerment '' feels overfamiliar but for fans X-Men : First Class delivers with aplomb .
Although the filmmakers have packed far too much into the storyline , there 's first class action , superb special effects and a nice sprinkling of humour in a plot whose heart rests in the bond between Professor X and Magneto .
A slick piece of pop entertainment marked by smarter than average characterizations and some solid performances -- especially from Fassbender , who showcases an appealingly dangerous , quicksilver charm .
Taking the story back to its roots , Vaughn has made some shrewd decisions , reflected in the superb cast -LRB- McAvoy and Fassbender stand out -RRB- and the use of Cold War context , which evokes the early , much admired James Bond pictures .
A blast of colorful and passionate enthusiasm with just enough weight to matter .
-LSB- S -RSB- tylish and snazzy to look at but also effortlessly cool in attitude . With its sleek smoothness , this could almost be a lost early James Bond flick that 's been rediscovered ...
First Class takes the X-Men story back to its roots and is just the kick in the pants the series needed . It is smart , spectacular , never cheesy , often thrilling and always incredibly entertaining .
It does n't feel like a superhero movie , being more interested in the characters ' struggling with their outsider status than KAPOW ! moments . You do n't get people this rounded in your standard Oscar flick .
The best praise I can give X-Men : First Class is that it 's a wonderful movie , not just a wonderful X-Men movie or a wonderful Marvel movie or a wonderful superhero movie . It 's a damn good film , full stop , all other genres and ghetto-izations aside .
We know that story so well , and yet somehow Vaughn has made it feel fresh and new again .
X-Men : First Class is a rock-solid piece of storytelling .
Fans of the movies should appreciate how Matthew Vaughn has established characters they love in a unique setting with a strong cast and set pieces as big and impressive as the other movies .
A droplet of vintage Bond DNA , a molecule of Mad Men cool , fused with the vibrant , adrenalised spin on superheroics he injected into Kick-Ass
This grandiose globetrotting fantasy boasts plentiful action spectacle and effective character-based drama set in an age of civil unrest and Cold War paranoia .
With a talented cast and gifted director , X-Men : First Class meets the standards set by the first two movies , while standing alone as a stylish and sexy entry into the ever expanding comic book sub-genre .
All you 'd expect from an X-Men film -LRB- or spin-off , or prequel -RRB- , but not all you 'd hope for . It smacks of rush and compromise , but there 's thankfully enough to make you feel optimistic about the series ' future once more .
First Class is ultimately a success , because not only does it reward fans , but it redeems a series that gave the superhero genre its start .
An action blockbuster with rollercoaster thrills and laughs that has a fundamentally intelligent core .
It 's intelligent and emotionally resonant , explosive and eye-dazzling . Factor in a zeitgeisty , hot-list cast and First Class is likely to be one of the summer 's best biggies .
This X is on fire .

@highlight

With a strong script , stylish direction , and powerful performances from its well-rounded cast , X-Men : First Class is a welcome return to form for the franchise .