The movie is just what you 'd expect : skimpy , almost laughable characterizations surrounded by claustrophobically suspenseful action sequences .
The new Poseidon is an e-ticket Disney World ride with Fastpass . Ten minutes in , the wave hits , you 're underwater , gasping for breath and fighting for your life .
If you liked the original movie , you might like this remake as well .
Let it drown
It 's a carnival ride , with shocks , endless stunts , and when you 're done , you 've forgotten it and moved on to something better .
A handful of the passengers may eventually get out of the ship alive , but nothing , it seems , can save them from Mark Protosevich 's sinking script . At least it looks good as it goes down .
Where the original had the distinct flavor of 1970s kitsch ... Petersen 's movie has loads of CGI and a cameo appearance from Black Eyed Peas front woman Fergie .
It swims but it 's one of those sloppy dog paddles your kid brother does more than an Olympic freestyle .
I left the film with one burning question : if I ca n't get a cell phone signal when I stand in a certain part of my back yard , how in the heck can you get one miles out to sea ?
full review in Greek
It certainly is n't as dramatic as Titanic , and the original Poseidon Adventure is still slightly better .
This is one of those unnecessary remakes that Hollywood regurgitates about once a month whether anybody is interested in them or not .
Poseidon re-introduces the disaster-movie genre to theaters , and they greet each other with a big , sloppy kiss ...
Típico filme de entretenimiento : palomero , sin necesidad de utilizar mucho las neuronas , bien hecho , atractivo y con el que se va a desperdiciar hora y media de la vida sin remordimiento alguno .
... -LSB- director Wolfgang -RSB- Petersen once again proves that he 's a master at this sort of thing .
Here we get the impression that the only thing on the minds of these filmmakers is how well they can polish up a turd before throwing it at unsuspecting audiences .
Very run of the mill average Summer entertainment - action packed but no heart , let alone any sense of fun
Petersen 's expert direction ensures it remains gripping , keeping the tension ratcheted right up and commendably steering it all home within 100 minutes .
It is just so miraculously funny that you find yourself being swept up in the ludicrously of it all and there can be no arguing with the sheer attention-to-detail in the effects work , which is breathtaking in its extravagance .
Eficiente dentro de suas limitações , só não se iguala ao original por não ter tanta paciência em investir um pouquinho mais de tempo em seus personagens .
Poseidon betrays a studio mindset that can only hasten the current erosion of movie attendance -- skimping on human content while betting heedlessly on boom boom boom and gurgle gurgle gurgle .
Even on this intentionally brainless level , there has to be some basic rooting interest in the characters to salvage the outcome .
Short , sweet , tight , to-the-point and able to fully satisfy anyone craving a silly disaster film .
The entire cast tries gamely to make the lame dialogue work , with some succeeding more than others . ... What salvages the film are the action sequences and the special effects .
It will be a minor treat to rent the DVD , and freeze-frame some of the more choice wooden expressions .
Sure , some of the acting 's excruciating and the dialogue is dire . But heck , as a big dumb action movie , it delivers by the bucketload .
The best acting in Poseidon hails from the dead bodies ... -LSB- who -RSB- lie there , convincingly inert .
Boasting impressive special effects and a decent cast , this is n't a patch on the original movie but it 's enjoyable enough for its remarkably trim running time .
Petersen stages some frighteningly claustrophobic sequences , but even the inevitable happy ending ca n't restore the humanity of characters so completely swallowed up by machinery .
Clearly no ` Titanic ' and not as much fun as the original .
Poseidon , -LSB- Petersen 's -RSB- remake of the 1972 disaster flick The Poseidon Adventure , is lean and mean yet waterlogged by the bland characters scurrying for their lives .
... the characters are strictly made of cardboard , and you know what happens to cardboard when it gets wet .
Petersen brings us about as close to the original 's guilty pleasures as possible , without cutting into the thrills .
Petersen does what he can with a script that gets more waterlogged as it progresses , but he deserves credit for never trying to pretend that Poseidon is anything more than a disaster film .
Poseidon is 90 minutes of endless meandering , heroics via happenstance and shoddy F/X work .
A gripping , pacy remake of Irwin Allen 's 1972 classic disaster movie .
If a simple idea floats enough boats , it wo n't scuttle a perfectly respectable recovery of the bottom line .
How do you replace the heroic sight of Shelley Winters -- breath held longer than David Blaine could fathom -- skimming through a watery deep in an effort to save the remaining passengers of 1972 's `` The Poseidon Adventure '' ? You do n't even try .
There is no great romance , no epic special effects , just a lot of terrible dialogue spoken by wooden actors in a film so CGI dependent ; I felt like I was watching a video game .
This Poseidon Adventure remake capsizes .
A few wrinkly high-fives are in order for the cast , who look like they spent as much time underwater as Jacques Cousteau ever did .
As a humanist , I applaud the respect for life , but I miss the campy fun . The movie is , in all senses , a big downer .
Foregoing the blood , sweat and characters that made the original Adventure come to life , this one 's all about running cardboard people through the CGI paces .
The filmmakers know what they 're doing , and have fun taking us along for the ride .
Petersen opts for a ` straight , updated ' approach that 's actually more ludicrous .
A mind-numbing combination of bad writing , nonwriting , characterless characters and tons and tons of state-of-the-art computer-generated imagery .
Just be glad that Peterson and Protosevich did n't leave room for the sequel .
The film is concerned only with getting to the action , with no intention of exploring the horror of an unexpected tragedy or its impact on the people involved .
... a waterlogged , unnecessary re-imagining of the cheesy blockbuster from the Seventies heyday of disaster films .
Stay home , take a bath with a toy boat and create your own waves , instead .
How many times can we watch these people hold their breath under water ?
Your average episode of ` The Love Boat ' had more meaningful drama , emotion , and peril .
Throughout the movie , Petersen has a dynamic feel for the rush and heave of the deluge , the pent-up energy , the sheer heft and momentum .
Sadly , this flamboyant floatable fantasy sinks faster than a battered buoy in the harbor . Overblown and overproduced ... an arbitrary and impersonal big event flick .
Who lives , who dies , who cares ? I did n't .
In the rush to make something for everyone , the final product is almost nothing for anyone ... Waterworld gave you more bang for the buck ...
`` Poseidon '' might tread water for a while until it eventually sinks at the box office within a couple of weeks .
Exhausting and waterlogged ... No big splash here
Where are the big names ? It 's as if the S.S. Poseidon capsized onto the Lifetime network .
... What sinks Poseidon is the cast . ... They spend a lot of time shouting and swimming . They are as interchangeable as the prop flotsam strewn around the massive set .
Personally I do n't know what 's not to enjoy here . This is perfect big-budget B-movieness . Simple plot , lots of action and a bit of melodrama thrown in just for kicks . Sit back and enjoy !
Why cast Andre Braugher and then not use him ?
Equal parts summer pleasure and plodding exercise in stop-and-go suspense ...
... a suprisingly unmoving and pessimistic journey filled with forgettable character stereotypes and no sense of humor .
There are several characters you 're happy to see go -- Try not to cheer when Fergie takes a blast of water to the face -- but there 's nobody you 'd particularly want to save .
Poseidon has a gaping hole where its climax should be , echoing the emptiness that fills its entire length .
A disaster film that goes blub blub in the night .
A big , dumb disaster movie that grows more ridiculous as it proceeds .
Oy ! What that then ? Why it 's a bleedin ' 110 foot wave . Crikey !
In the plus column , Poseidon is a tightly-paced action movie that does n't depend too much on special effects for its thrills . The problem remains the characters themselves .
Wave hits . Boat flips . Survivors climb . Short movie . Smart move . Good time . None of the problems in this disaster-flick remake nags thanks to an aggressive , get-in-and-get-out intensity .
If a ship flips over and it 's full of people that nobody cares about , does it matter if anyone makes it out alive ? Allow me to answer that rhetorical question ... no .
It 's pretty formulaic stuff , but -LSB- director Wolfgang -RSB- Petersen and screenwriter Mark Protosevich make good use of their stereotypes .
As quick , character-defining sketches go , Richard Dreyfuss ' recently dumped gay architect hits the very bottom of the disaster flick barrel .
Poseidon does n't sink to the very depths of mediocrity , but you can see it from where she lies , just barely afloat .
Overall it 's slick , brainless entertainment , but brainless entertainment built on crushed and waterlogged corpses .
There 's never any doubt that some of these uninteresting people will make the passage through hell to the hull , it 's only a question of which ones . And whether we 'll still be there to see whom .
You might wish that Peterson would call in old U-96 from Das Boot and put everyone out of their scared , drippy misery .
It 's possible to enjoy Poseidon if you 're seeing it simply for the visual effects and high-energy action . On that action-movie level , at least , Poseidon stays afloat .
Despite solid visual effects and a few impressive , if incredulous action sequences -LRB- Josh Lucas 's high dive into a fiery water pit is a dubious highlight -RRB- , the movie mostly slogs along to its inevitable conclusion .
From the beginning , there 's something furtive and morally dubious about this splinter group .
You have a the movie that feels like a video game : Faceless characters walk into a room , solve a crisis , then move to the next room . Rinse with seawater and repeat .
Where the first film had to rely on stunt work and character conflicts , the remake is action on top of unbelievable action .
With tons of rushing water , expert stunt work and superb integration of digital awesomeness , Petersen keeps the ride that is Poseidon chugging right along . But like most sinking ships , it 's a story about a trip to nowhere .
The audience drowns in a tidal wave of special effects , sentimentality and bad acting .
Petersen definitely brings a nautical pedigree to the gig -- the man knows from water . He 's also wise enough to retain only the essentials from the '72 original , just the title ship and the rogue wave that did it in .
Without an emotional investment in these sketchy characters , all the audience has to hang onto is the spectacle of a computer-generated boat going under the computer-generated waves .
Poseidon 's not so purely realized or ultra-intense that it can get by without revving its emotional engines , and its problems start early .
While the ship 's survivors are driven to live , Poseidon is never character-driven enough to make us care .
As far as disaster movies and remakes are concerned , Poseidon is , well , a disaster .
We get a parade of ciphers so thinly scripted that it 's impossible to work up much anxiety about what happens to them .
Titanic without the metaphors , the class-consciousness , the love story , or anything resembling a theme , Poseidon invests so little in its screenplay that it might as well be an episode of The Love Boat gone horribly awry .
Sensationalistic , in the worst sense of the word .
It is depressing because Peterson can and has done much better .
I forsee a college drinking game that will require everyone to take a swig every time someone says something like , `` Do it or we DIE ! ''
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a Carnival Cruise
Relatively low on the cheese meter and high on realistic visual effects , Poseidon is just plain good old fashioned disaster flick fun , perfect for a summer evening at the movies .
Poseidon is all about the disaster , and that in itself is a disaster ... Still , at least we did n't have to watch soggy Shelly Winters on screen for 90 minutes .
As movies like this go , this one is simply as good as they get , making the original look like merely a half-decent first cut .
It 's a ship . It sinks . People die . Sound familiar ?
Petersen 's Poseidon is a ridiculous collection of disaster clichés , eye-rollingly obvious symbolism , and two-dimensional stereotypes .
When everything suddenly goes topsy-turvy and people begin dying in new and fascinating ways , you really do n't see much of a reason to either care about or identify with them .
Neither bad enough to really laugh at nor good enough to be truly exciting , Poseidon just sits there , occasionally gripping , but only fleetingly . It 's a bland spectacle .
Poseidon is n't cute , funny , warm , nice , inspirational or uplifting . It 's about the incredible labor of survival in a world turned totally sociopathic in an instant .
But for a couple of expensive shots , Wolfgang Petersen 's film plays like a particularly well-made anonymous made-for-tv disaster adventure . It 's pretty good , but it is what it is .
Poseidon is named after the wrong god . The god of laughter and derision is Momus , who was cast out of Olympus for mocking Zeus , Athena and Poseidon .
That you do n't care about any of these people does n't help . When a main character dies , it is a bummer . But you did n't know anything about the person beyond a one-sentence description .
With all the unexpected natural disasters happening around the country , the movie reminds us that anything is possible . Still , the movie will appeal mostly to disaster movie fans .
The special effects , with one painful exception , hold up beautifully . But the people have no personalities , the story is unconvincing , and the whole movie is as shallow as the puddle left on a flat roof by a 20-minute shower .
As enjoyably silly as the original .
The movie is filled with flimsy characters with lives summed up in a tossed-off line or two .
The ` Morning After ' sleeping pill . ''
The way people are disposed of here feels horror-movie gratuitous ... Feel that Final Destination glee as a falling man is impaled and then crushed by a flaming elevator .
this is not an actors ' movie . All they have to do is look breathless , scared , and wet .
Poseidon does for disaster movies what Airplane ! did for disaster movies .
Is this what we 've been reduced to ? A film whose noise and explosions are separated from the season 's other noise and explosions solely by the fact that they 're painted blue ?
The real stars are the stunts and special effects , particularly the 90 thousand gallons of H20 .
Our guides on this route , while not as cheesy as their antecedents , certainly seem more soulless .
Poseidon is big , loud , entertaining and almost instantly forgettable -- in many ways , the perfect summer movie .
The most pure action/adventure romp since Batman Begins ... makes Titanic look like a sailboat .
While the film is successful in building tension and dread in several scenes , this is a largely predictable and unintentionally hilarious affair .
The effects are all first-rate and there 's actually a decent amount of genuinely armrest-clenching moments .
A longer version could have either corrected or further exposed many of the flaws in a film that 's more of an excursion than a full-blown adventure .
Poseidon , which cost some $ 160 million to make , certainly qualifies as a big movie . But it 's the kind of ` big ' that you forget almost as soon as you 've left the theater .
There 's camp , and there 's just plain lousy writing .
... an homage to the disaster movies of the 1970s that captures the genre 's awfulness all too well .
By the end of Poseidon the eponymous cruise ship lies on the bottom of the ocean , and so , I hope , does the reputation of director Wolfgang Petersen .
Poseidon is a sodden saga , with a script that is awash in clichés . It nearly drowns under the weight of its own soggy tedium .
They took the Adventure out of the title , but Adventure is ALL that was left in . A great ride , with zero substance .
The overturned-ocean-liner remake , Poseidon , is long on ` wows ' but short on ` aws . '
It 's simply a monumental piece of pure entertainment -- too spectacularly frenetic to give you time to care much about any lapses in logic or plausibility .
By the end , you wo n't care who lives or dies , and you 'll suspect the filmmakers did n't either .
As clumsy as the movie is in many ways , it strings together maybe a dozen situations in which we are absolutely , excruciatingly , on the edge of our seats -- which is to say that the new Poseidon essentially does its job .
After you 've seen Poseidon , you will never willingly crawl into a thousand-gallon ballast tank again .
An experience that 's exciting and nerve-racking in the moment , but that , in the end , leaves audiences with a lonely walk back to the car .
There 's nothing hip or ironic about Poseidon , which makes Russell and Lucas the perfect leading men : jut-jawed , macho , and able to keep a straight face while being pinned by fake beams , and held hostage by page upon page of sappy dialogue .
So what if it 's not United 93 ? It 's about the spectacularly perilous journey , not the people making it , not some message about an under-regulated industry and accidents waiting to happen .
The chief virtue of Wolfgang Petersen 's reasonably well-executed remake of The Poseidon Adventure is that it keeps the action moving .
Poseidon is a great leveler of humanity : It renders everyone in the picture eminently disposable and everyone in the audience equally bankrupt for bearing witness .
Poseidon does n't say much about society today , except that Hollywood continues to pour buckets of money into frivolous projects .
Relying on empty spectacle rather than drama , Poseidon sinks faster than a topsy-turvy cruise ship .
It 's Das Perfect Boot -- with the characters compressed to wafers . And I mean that both ways .
It may sound strange to describe a movie in which just about everybody dies horribly as ` fun , ' but that 's what Poseidon is .
If The Poseidon Adventure was pure camp classic , Wolfgang Petersen 's uninspired re-do succeeds at neither -- it 's not camp and it 's not classic .
Watered-down in every way imaginable , Poseidon capsizes under the very large load of corn it carries .
You can turn off your mind in Poseidon , just do n't expect to relax and float downstream ; you 'll more likely be holding on to your seat like a flotation cushion .
You will definitely gasp and gulp while watching the new film . But , sadly , these reactions wo n't be traced to the expert effects . Instead , you 'll find yourself gasping and gulping at the incredibly lame dialogue .
Poseidon traps us in an upside-down ship of fools , where the risk of sinking fails to matter because we do n't care about the fate of anyone aboard .
The director knows how to hammer tension out of the moment , and when Poseidon concentrates on being a tight-lipped , full throttle disaster film , it 's persuasive and exquisite snuff entertainment .
The relative briskness of Poseidon ensures that things wo n't get bogged down . If a sequence is dull , you can be sure it will soon be replaced by another , and another .
We 've sailed these waters before . Poseidon has been reimagined , if that 's the word for it , in an impersonal , Palm Piloted manner , though not without its share of unintended laughs .
A one-way , all-inclusive ticket to the port of Achingly Earnest on the sunny shores of Dullsville .
There will be people who wo n't go to United 93 because they think it will be depressing yet will go to Poseidon expecting an exciting night at the movies , and I guess I do n't understand how their brains work .
For all its narrative road-blocks , pot-holes , and speed-bumps , when Poseidon sticks to its checklist of tightly-conjoined action scenes , it 's a pretty enjoyable affair .
Poseidon is just a string of neat-o special effects in search of something that passes for a story line on which to drape itself .
Banal dialogue sinks this one .
Petersen 's heart is n't in it . He is too wise a director to think this is first-rate material , and too good a director to turn it into enjoyable trash .
At the end of the day though , this film simply did n't cut it as a full-blown summer action thriller ...
-LSB- J -RSB- ust wants to be Hollywood brainless and old-fashioned about putting gorgeous people in danger and blowing stuff up real good -LRB- who knew there was so much on a cruise ship that could explode so spectacularly ? -RRB- ...
A rousing , slam-bang , no-frills action extravaganza .
` Adventure ' no longer describes what the survivors endure , and an accurate alternative such as The Poseidon Obstacle Course would n't fit on most marquees .
-LSB- A -RSB- n example of the Hollywood blockbuster mentality at its cheesiest .
You might want to just save money and rent The Poseidon Adventure
` Poseidon ' does allow viewers to indulge in the same morbidly funny routine inspired by most disaster movies : trying to figure out which member of the cast is going to be the next one killed off .
you start to realize that the capsized cruise liner onscreen is n't the only sinking ship .
Petersen sets out to give us a group of undeveloped stock characters and a bunch of cheap thrills , and that 's what he delivers .
-LSB- The -RSB- queasy nods toward realism ... ultimately scuttle any lingering hopes of escapism . The genre just was n't made for these times .
` There 's got to be a morning after , ' went the Oscar-winning song from the original . In Poseidon , daylight ca n't come soon enough .
If the prospect of expiring horribly strikes you as a rather extreme way of growing backbone and getting life plans back on track , you should know that Poseidon is a movie with absolutely no sense of humor .
... a special effects action adventure that is so obviously going through its disastrous motions that tedium sets in when you 're not recalling the superior ballroom ballistics of Brian De Palma 's Carrie .
-LSB- An -RSB- excellently undemanding , swimmingly enjoyable remake .
A waste of life , a waste of cash , and a step backwards somehow from the original waste of life upon which it 's based .
I cheered for the water . I hoped all the characters , especially Fergie , drowned .
Petersen 's Poseidon has more fireballs and rushing water , but nothing even approaches the entertainment value of Gene Hackman and Ernest Borgnine constantly yelling at one another in the original .
Loud , cheesy and insignificant , Poseidon wo n't be the worst movie of the summer , but it is sure to be the wettest .
The special effects are exceptional , as are the stunts . There is no point at which the action lags . Despite a weak script , it 's fun ; the opening tracking shot is worth the price of admission , when you realize there 's no ship there .
The effects are okay , if that 's all that matters to you ; but everything else is just melodramatic flotsam and jetsam more likely to generate laughs than excitement .
It 's generally exciting stuff , but there 's nothing truly satisfying about the film .
Its ever-present underlying racial politics -LSB- mirror -RSB- those of dunderheaded '80s B-horror movies .
Poseidon is all rather well-done and suspenseful - think Titanic , but without the boring romantic bits and you 'll know what to expect of the movie .
A watertight actioner .
Easier to forgive the sodden clichés and jump on board the nautical roller coaster ride .
It 's a compact , satisfying formula genre piece that delivers the goods with a minimum of foolishness . And man , does this guy know how to sink a boat .
Puts the ` less ' in ` mindless . '
An utterly empty-skulled genre mechanism and nothing more .
If you 're in the mood to switch off your mind and indulge in a Hollywood disaster flick of Titanic proportions , look no further .
Is Poseidon hilariously ridiculous or merely ridiculous ? It 's just absolutely ridiculous and not much fun either .
From Wolfgang Petersen 's majestic 360-degree pan of the enormous modern-day luxury cruise ship that will be capsized by a 150-foot tidal wave to his deliberately caliginous closing shot , `` Poseidon '' is a nerve-wracking thrill ride .
more cheese than the caves of Roquefort and more syrup than Vermont
` Titanic ' went down to the tune of $ 600 million , so it 's no surprise that ` Poseidon ' is now rising from the depths . Action-packed yet thematically barren , it will rivet audiences , if only momentarily .
Poseidon recognizes and encourages belief in the popular popcorn-movie theory of The Survival of the Whitest .
Wolfgang Petersen 's large-scale liner moves reasonably well , though anyone with the faintest memory of its 1972 predecessor will wonder where most of the plot went , and the dialogue is so stilted it can honestly be said the less the better .
Its intensity is strictly physical , the intended emotional impact submerged in a numbing onslaught of death , danger and derring-do as a bunch of mostly annoying , self-centered passengers fight their way to the surface .
The main pleasure of watching a disaster film like Poseidon is guessing which of the passengers will die or live , but Petersen 's disappointing remake denies us that nasty fun because we do n't care about any of the cardboard characters .
You 'll end up entertained if you forgive the cliches and let Petersen grab you with the visuals , from the avalanche of water in the ballroom to the eerie sight of a flooded crawl space where wires take on the form of deadly tentacles .








@highlight

This remake of The Poseidon Adventure delivers dazzling special effects . Unfortunately , it does n't seem that any of the budget was left over to devote to the script .