The movie is ultimately superb , though not perfect .
Arrival is quite good .
Arrival is one of those films that awakens profound feeling . It is not just a science fiction film , but rather a story about beings and their ability to love unconditionally even if they are not from this planet . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Simply a phenomenal , emotional rollercoaster of a movie that rightly deserves its spot as one of the finest movies of the past decade .
Arrival is one of the most intriguing movies I 've seen in 2016 -- great acting , great premise .
Villeneuve , who thus remains in the realm of the futuristic , has an artist 's touch , and the future of American cinema definitely includes his arrival .
Arrival is another knockout from Villeneuve , and as fans of science fiction we should all be thrilled that he is the one tackling a Blade Runner sequel
Why is it that so many sci-fi heroines end up in their underwear ? I wondered whether the sci-fi movie I was about to see would sexualize its female protagonist as well . I 'm happy to report it does n't .
Villeneuve has failed to deliver anything near the emotional intensity of his previous work and the ever-dependable Adams ca n't save the film from some ponderous sci-fi noodling .
Arrival could n't have arrived -LRB- pun intended -RRB- at a better time .
... this is a movie that will make you think ...
The true purpose of these intelligent extra-terrestrial beings is a jaw-dropping reveal that warrants a repeat viewing to find all the breadcrumbs left in the lead up to the crescendo .
It 's intelligent , pleasingly complex and visually fascinating . In short , it 's a sci-fi film for grown-ups , albeit , I should add , grown-ups of all ages .
Arrival is the Platonic Ideal of mainstream filmmaking-a smart film that does n't talk down to its audience and works as not only a science fiction film but also a thriller .
... Villeneuve cleverly uses the oldest means at his disposal-montage and storytelling-to produce a film that , in however modest a way , represents a valid chapter in science fiction 's cinematic evolution .
... Arrival is an intimate and contemplative tale of one woman 's journey of discovery while battling her own demons .
... sometimes it 's good when a film leaves you with more questions than answers when it 's capable of doing so . That fact alone makes Arrival one of the best films of the year .
As timely as Arrival feels , there 's an element of timelessness in the film-a sense of the legitimately profound that marks a true masterpiece of science-fiction .
In the event , this is a beautiful piece of filmmaking . The revelation is exhilarating , and it gives the viewer a sense of the profound .
Denis Villeneuve 's new film Arrival does not offer any answers . But it does offer something else - a brief reprieve from the time we are all currently stuck in .
I think of Arrival in terms of color : the milky grays of the clouds rolling over the Montana plain ; the bright blue of computer screens bouncing off the gray tents on the makeshift army compound .
While earlier Villeneuve films such as Prisoners and Sicario dealt respectively with grief and rage , then ignorance and revenge , Arrival is ultimately hopeful and constantly emphasizing the possible unification of language .
Arrival is an emotionally involving science-fiction drama , which in its mood of cosmic anxiety , is closer in spirit to Steven Soderbergh 's Solaris remake than to Robert Zemeckis 's New Age-y Contact , one of its obvious precursors .
Arrival is n't exactly your typical alien movie -- it 's so much better than that . This is a movie about how language actually influences the way you think and live your life .
The level of intelligence and respect the film has for its audience is refreshing . Its moments of emotion -LRB- and there are whoppers -RRB- feel earned , not forced .
Arrival is a sober , tender and optimistic film , held together by the director 's offbeat but firm command of tone and his star 's unswerving commitment .
As I 've said , I 've seen Arrival three times-for critical and then therapeutic reasons-and it takes to the light differently with each revisit , much like the edgeless ships hovering over the earth 's surface .
Everything about Arrival feels meticulously crafted , from the gorgeously composed shots to the Jóhann Jóhannsson score .
Most of it is masterfully assembled , with great near-wordless performances from Renner ... and especially Adams , who conveys everything we want from a hero without stepping outside the bounds of a fallible human .
Like Contact and Interstellar before it , Arrival conflates inner and outer space , where contact with alien intelligence is the balm that heals one 's own psychic wounds , a cosmic Oprah Winfrey delivering closure .
Arrival is bold , emotionally-resonant and poignant . It 's science fiction at its most beautiful with a finale that will simultaneously make your heart swell and break .
Arrival is at its best early on , when everything is-figuratively speaking-up in the air .
Arrival is the kind of science fiction film we dream of . It 's got big stars , a bigger concept , and the longer it goes , the more it demands of its audience . The pacing is methodical , the story captivating , and filmmaking beautiful .
Walks a delicate balance between science fiction spectacle and art house head trip .
The result is a wondrous achievement , one that combines mystery and meaning in a way so rarely found in mainstream movies .
... the most cerebral of first contact films , a science fiction drama about communicating across cultures and across species and even across time without a common language , while failing to communicate within our own world .
Arrival is not classic flight-from-reality faire but it sure got me out of the doldrums .
A yawn-inducing snoozefest that borrows from every science fiction film from The Day the Earth Stood Still to Contact ... Those hungry for a good old-school , alien-based sci-fi adventure will decry the films lack of ray guns .
A captivating story that presents an ideal to follow . It 's not just one of the best sci-fi films , it 's one of the best of 2016 . Immensely recommended ! -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
When it is good , it is really , really good but when it winds up going south , it does it so completely that it hardly seems possible that the same people could have been responsible for both halves .
One of the most emotional and unforgettable cinematographic experiences of contemporary cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Arrival has much more in common with E.T. than Invasion of the Saucer Men . And if we 're being honest , it 's not really about the aliens at all .
No film like `` Arrival '' has accomplished the examination of the inherent importance of language ...
A film that proposes a plausible scenario and delights in surprising us with different plot twists and fascinating discoveries by its protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Arrival , which aims to touch rather than to excite , looks inward . The film about aliens , it proposes , is in fact a way to look at the human race , the good and the bad in us -LRB- mostly the bad -RRB- .
Like all good science fiction , Arrival is about one big idea taken to a satisfying conclusion .
An unusually delicate tale about how to cope with an alien arrival on Earth .
Though a second-rate , semi-profound art movie , Arrival is nonetheless an ambitious demonstration of how the media manipulate our perception and our experience .
A Spielberg-Nolan lovechild of sorts , wondrous and mind-bending in equal parts , Denis Villeneuve 's latest is a quintessential science-fiction blockbuster steeped in genre traditions and made singular by Amy Adams 's transporting performance .
Arrival may offer a few too many metaphors to keep some viewers engaged . But it 's guaranteed to stick in your mind a fair amount longer than , say , Men in Black 3 .
It 's remarkable how far Villeneuve , too , has travelled -- from minor but impressive Quebec features to big-budget filmmaking that 's turned mainstream genre-fare into thrilling , atmosphere-rich cinema .
The film is not a colourful one , with suitably muted cinematography and a sense of realism many such stories eschew . Maybe that 's not the best news for the box-office but it makes for a more intelligent movie of the genre all the same .
This film cements Villeneuve 's reputation as one of the finest filmmakers of his time .
In it 's own way , this beautifully shot , brilliant acted and smartly written movie is as exciting as Independence Day or War of the Worlds .
Arrival may not be the sci-fi movie we deserve , but it 's the one we need right now .
With Arrival , Villeneuve and Heisserer have delivered us the 2001 : Space Odyssey -LRB- 1968 -RRB- of the new century . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Most aliens-on-Earth movies move towards destruction , usually of the planet-wide kind , but the crux of Arrival is creation : the writing of a word , the beginning of a bond , the start of a life .
How to communicate ? The challenge faced by every artist is dramatized as a semantic conundrum and amplified as an existential dilemma -LRB- ` What is your purpose on Earth ? ' -RRB- in this moody science fiction film .
Do n't go in thinking you can sit back , relax , and enjoy some action-heavy entertainment . Your mind will be put to work .
A film that goes beyond everything and also combines in a masterly way its cerebral side with strong emotional roots . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In times when audiences are trained to be enamored by special effects and simplified narrative patterns , Arrival is an unusual discovery : a movie that requires us to think beyond the polished surface and contemplate our own place in the universe .
Arrival 's narrative takes an unbelievable turn -LRB- and I mean that in the best way possible -RRB- , opening up the film 's story in an emotional way that I was not expecting , leaving me absolutely stunned .
A suspense film that turns out to be more complex and emotional than expected . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a highly creative story , that genuinely questions human perception and explores the limits of science fiction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Part of me wishes to deliver a serious and sober appreciation of Arrival , this year 's big , grown-up science-fiction film .
A fun movie puzzle in addition to being an emotional gutpunch .
Deliberately paced but highly rewarding , Arrival ups its IQ with Jeremy Renner as a soulful physicist , gorgeous production design ... and a poignant twist that brings the drama back to the human level .
It 's a film you 'll want to discuss and debate with your friends . The message may not be original but the methodology certainly is . A movie does n't have to spell everything out for me if I get a sense that the filmmaker is offering me something to ponder
Arrival speaks to our tenacious need to know just who we are and why we are here . In that search we look to the stars , we pray to the heavens , we seek answers within ourselves and the environment around us .
Arrival is about the awakening and ensuing trauma discovering that we 're not alone in the universe .
... probably best described as humanist sci-fi . Like ` CE3K ' and ` Contact ' with Jodie Foster , this new arrival appears to be looking upward to the heavens , but its real target is the human heart .
An aesthetically consistent film starring a ductile and magnetic actress . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that has a very special atmosphere and aesthetic , a slow pace and a voice-over that sounds poetic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that deserves to be seen because it is not frequent to see such risky proposals , instead of others that seek to deliver what the consumer wants , painfully underestimating it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though well made and haunted by a score of primordial dissonance , Arrival is an orbiting piece that misses out on invading the deepest parts of the mind .
For those who feel the emotional weight of Louise 's story , Arrival pays off in a big way .
Villeneuve creates a solemn mood that crescendos to the less than chilling climax to see if the world can work together in unity during a dire emergency .
Arrival is gripping not only because of the ideas at play , or how they 're conveyed via its stylistic choices , but how they rest on the shoulders of Adams .
a powerful , deeply felt , wonderfully evocative film that will rightly takes its place on the mantle of great science fiction
Amy Adams anchors the film with one of her smartest performances , warm but not personal -LRB- she 's a total professional -RRB- and quite believable as a thinker and expert communicator .
Works like this are why we love going to the movies .
Arrival is one of the best films of the year and probably , one of the best movies about extraterrestrial invasion ever made . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that speaks of opening the mind to understand others . A universal message more necessary than ever . The film comes at the right time , when it seems that we 're sinning of an enormous susceptibility . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Arrival does what science fiction at its best should do : it make us look to the future in a way that allows us to think about the present in new ways .
Arrival is an intelligent and a thought-provoking alien-invasion thriller which revels in its own complexity and manages strike all of the right chords , but for a few missteps .
`` Arrival , '' remarkably , tugs at the emotions and intellect with equal insistence .
It 's a sci-fi film that borrows nearly all of its biggest ideas from other movies , leading up to an ending that 's touching but contrived -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Awarding it a bag-full of Oscars come February would be too puny a recognition , too inconsequential ; it deserves to be shown in museums , to governments , in schools . Missing it should be outlawed .
An entertaining film that proves that Villeneuve can film science fiction without special effects and pyrotechnics to get our interest . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We are facing semiology as a transgressive tool of linear temporality . The semiotic conception of language as a start point to perceptual and circular appreciation of time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Arrival is a very entertaining film and an emotional show of good cinema , at a dramatic , visual , sound and interpretive level . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Without giving too much away , Arrival is an innately hopeful and pacifistic movie . Louise 's effort to understand the aliens , despite the fearful human reactions around her , makes a powerful case for communication over conflict .
A slow-burning sci-fi drama that posits compelling questions while creating a fascinating way to tell its story .
At its best , which is considerable , you also get astonishment , awe , and tempered optimism -LRB- which is always good to have -RRB- , along with respect for the female Homo sapiens and pleasure in the filmmakers ' powers of invention .
The way one of the most exciting contemporary filmmakers plays with the narrative is an undeniable triumph . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Under the guidance of equally exceptional director/co-writer Denis Villeneuve -LRB- `` Sicario , '' `` Incendies '' -RRB- this scientific thriller becomes smart , touching and , obviously , one of the year 's best films .
A movie imagined as life affirming that actually suggests that life may not be worth living at all .
Packs a powerful payoff .
At a moment of monumental transition and heightened anxiety arrives an existential alien invasion flick that 's at once unapologetically cerebral and elegiacally emotional .
A magnetic , brilliant and captivating film where the director knows how to tense the threads that unite the imagination of the spectator with the imagery of distant worlds . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Denis Villeneuve gives us what is , perhaps , the best sci-fi film of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The result is a genuine sci-fi thinkpiece , challenging and exhilarating .
Arrival is artsy , emotional and comes across like the result of Terrence Malick having spent a weekend watching Interstellar on a loop . It 's full of questions , though , and a definite mindscrew that will leave you thinking about -LSB- it -RSB- .
What is effective is that the camera rests on the actor 's faces , rather than all the ruckus going on around them .
One of the premier extraterrestrial films of the century .
Beautifully shot and executed , though you might need a time machine to fully appreciate the one big alien movie trope it defies .
Arrival should be required viewing of every living person on the planet .
Science fiction and the woman 's picture rarely collide , but here Villeneuve proves that they do n't have to be exclusive from the other .
A film that speaks of our present without making it evident , raising more questions than answers , and where Villeneuve 's staging and Amy Adams ' performance stands out most . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie insists on conversation , on communication , on sharing experience .
Arrival is one of the best films of the year .
A remarkable piece , at once a cerebral and emotional epic which I am still thinking about days after seeing it .
Besides being one of the best movies of the year , Arrival is possibly also one of the best sci-fi films ever . Beautifully shot and well acted . Villeneuve does n't disappoint . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Arrival makes an impassioned plea for the necessity of global cooperation while quite hilariously never straying from the perspective of its two white , American movie stars .
In this year of bruising American politics , the film 's emphasis on measured communication and focused listening feels transformative .
Character development , big philosophical questions , and political relevance : not what you expect heading out to a creature feature , especially one with alien heptapods that look this threatening . But welcome all the same .
If you want to think about intelligent life instead of blowing it up , Arrival may be the movie for you .
This is , perhaps , the best-made movie in Villeneuve 's filmography to date , a robust but delicate work captured in stunning , calculated detail by cinematographer Bradford Young , and guided by Adams ' stellar work as Louise .
-LSB- An -RSB- unshakable odyssey of sadness and hope from director Denis Villeneuve .
It is a story aimed at an adult and intelligent audience featuring an adult and intelligent performance from Adams and Renner . ARRIVAL expects a lot from its audience at the same time it is giving more .
Unlike most films of this ilk , it rejects the notion that life is tragic simply because it inevitably ends in death . This story embraces death , life , sickness , despair and love .
A sobering sci-fi thriller about the race to communicate with intelligent alien life to avert disaster .
Arrival champions the importance of being able to work with and understand one another without resorting to violence , even in the face of the oft-terrifying unknown -- particularly important in today 's increasingly fractured global political climate .
The revelation here is Villeneuve , who expands on the symphonic pacing showcased last year in the drug war drama Sicario . Even though the concept of Arrival is far-out fiction , Villeneuve treats it with no less detail or urgency .
A film with a big budget and solid actors , that easily surpasses Gravity and Interestellar . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Octopuses from outer space ca n't begin to compete with Klaatu or ET .
Whether -LSB- Villeneuve 's -RSB- forbidding worldview will strike you as an achingly realistic drama or an overly angsty downer largely depends upon what you go to movies for in the first place .
The best film of the year to date , ambitious in conception and extraordinary in execution , has arrived .
Amy Adams is terrific in this cerebral but enthralling sci fi drama that turns out to be much much more than just another Alien movie .
`` Arrival '' embarrasses the current mode of contemporary cinema to explore ideas , moods and a vision that belongs uniquely to this film .
Stealthy signals , unforgettable moments and Johann Johannsson 's score coalesce magnificently as an iconic classic of sci-fi cinema , something to cherish for life , is created before your eyes .
Its visuals are remarkable and its storyline is so beautifully structured . Arrival is one of the most extraordinary , breathtaking , and thought provoking films of the year . This is what science fiction is supposed to be .
An intellect-stroking sci-fi film that asks you to imagine how humanity might respond , emotionally rather than militarily , in the event of an arrival from outer space .
Arrival may be just the poem we need ; a departure from the dystopian visions which now appear all too real , a memory of a future in which light still shines in the darkness .
... there is enough incomprehensibility to give you ` The Day the Earth Stood Still Meets ` Last Year at Marienbad . ' Despite the fact that it 's utter nonsense , you do n't have to completely follow or accept what happens to enjoy it .
The Chomsky-esque notions that language shapes our thinking even more than our thinking shapes language is conveyed in the film 's own structure as well as its dialog .
A superb exercise in the things that make the genre great , and a sign that `` smart sci-fi '' is n't going anywhere .
Villeneuve uses sci-fi the way it 's meant to be used in melding the metaphysical and the metaphoric into a timely tapestry that echoes our turbulent times .
A motion picture that turns out to be far more focused on humanity than on otherworldly visitors , it 's a transcendent viewing experience that gets under the skin and into the heart . As a bonus , it 's also the right movie at the right time .
Hokey malarkey .
One of the year 's best !
A film that transcends the label of mere entertainment to raise a series of intriguing reflections on the importance of language and communication . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Takes its focus away from the invaders - for the most part - and shines it directly on human character and the questions of what might happen if we actually tried to communicate and solve the puzzle of our differences with brains , rather than brawn .
If The Day the Earth Stood still -LRB- the original -RRB- were silly and derivative , this would be it . Bodes unwell for Blade Runner sequel .
-LSB- Villeneuve creates -RSB- a mood of lingering unease , crafting a series of immense images set to the orchestral dread of Jóhann Jóhannsson 's score that powerfully suggest the mystery at hand without indulging in obvious instincts .
Arrival is not out primarily to thrill or frighten . It asks viewers instead to watch , think and reflect . It should be worth it -- if you give it time .
Learning Heptapodese seems easy compared to the tough talks Americans need to have with each other .
The movie engaged my brain . But it did n't capture my heart or stir my soul . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
With a `` you fill in the holes '' plot , and a must film in the dark mentality , `` Arrival '' is D. O. A.
Arrival is a smart tale of alien contact that boasts great visuals and performances , if also more brains than heart .
The movie is slow , but not in a dull sense . It is a brainy , step-by-step primer on learning how to reach out and begin an exchange of ideas between two vastly different life forms in a peaceful and constructive manner .
Arrival is one of the best movies of the year , a moving , gripping film with startling twists and imagery . It deserves serious treatment as a work of art .
Arrival is one of those movies with nary a wasted word ; fitting , given the subject matter .
With Arrival , Villeneuve finally finds a subject , and a script , whose magnitude matches the weight he assigns to it . All it took was an alien species ' appearance on Earth .
Those expecting a whiz-bang film should be prepared for a more cerebral and emotional experience , admirable for its ambition and tone , if not wholly satisfying in its payoff .
We need more science fiction films like this . And given that Villeneuve is currently filming the long-awaited sequel to Blade Runner , we should now feel assured that project is in the right hands .
Arrival plays with your head as gently as any sci-fi thriller I can remember .
`` Arrival '' is high-minded sci-fi at its best and lands as one of the best movies of the year .
Amy Adams grounds the film with a solidly engaging performance .
Arrival has the look and feel of a big-ticket production , albeit torqued towards millennial melancholy , complete with a muted , blue-grey colour palette by cinematographer Bradford Young .
Watching it , I was excited that such a strange piece of science fiction got made-and disappointed ...
So bang a gong . This one goes deep , and the ambient whale-like pulses of bass on the soundtrack provide the perfect score for a journey that not only satisfies any latent science-fiction craving , it may well reboot your subconscious with a jolt of love .
Denis Villeneuve 's latest is an artier - certainly moodier and less entertaining - version of M. Night Shyamalan 's Signs .
Villeneuve -LSB- delivers -RSB- a motion picture that reaches into the heavens in an attempt to grab hold of the stars , -LSB- and -RSB- the fact it comes close to doing just that cause for celebration .
Avoids sloppy sentimentalism and gives the most probable contact with other beings we will likely encounter .
Visually the film is as impressive as you may wish , and the sense of unease is augmented by the offbeat music score by Johann Johannsson .
Decent sci-fi that wanders a bit and is kinda slow but it 's darkness helps keep your interest and while good but not great , it at least is not dead on arrival .
Villeneuve 's indulgence in mood and melancholy mount to a conclusion that wastes its compelling premise and wallows in infuriatingly all-consuming sentimentality .
It 's difficult to get worked into a state of awe with this film because so much of it is so sodden .
Adams ' acting is masterful : she is strong , raw and vulnerable , a beating heart in the bloody mess of humanity 's fear . It 's a powerhouse performance in a stunning film that transcends genre to become art .
A strikingly human film , one that 's concerned much more with the feebleness of language and the fragility of time than with its mysterious extraterrestrial visitors .
It 's easy to say that Denis Villeneuve 's tingly sci-fi Arrival is a whole lot of Spielberg with a little bit of Tarkovsky thrown in , but what 's remarkable is how much it actually defies the conventions of its genre .
Arrival is a first-rate story about first contact because it meets that great science-fiction movie test : It 's less about who they are and more about who we are .
Words have meaning , Arrival reminds us , and communication is the way forward for humanity , especially in times of great uncertainty when the world seems to be at a crisis point .
Even when the plot has you shaking your head , expect to be moved .
The real triumph of Arrival , though , is its commitment to the complexity of time and language .
In the realm of big screen science fiction , `` Arrival '' feels like a mix of 2001 : A Space Odyssey with a generous dose of Close Encounters of the Third Kind .
... this is a hopeful tale despite it 's forlorn air , one where a linguist is the hero at the end of the day , where the answer to peace is obvious and the notion that despite terrible loss , life goes on , life still exists and it will be remembered .
A viewing experience that 's filled with as much frustration as it is with awe .
Arrival is a magnificently made movie and likely the best I 've seen so far this year . See it as soon as possible and on as big a screen as you can . You do n't want to miss out .
When it comes to a payoff for all the gauzy head-scratching , Arrival reverts to a few basic sci-fi conventions for its finish .
A thinking human 's alien-invasion movie ...
For a film about resolving communication gaps , ARRIVAL creates too many of them .
The title works on another level , signifying the emergence of a fascinating new filmmaking talent .
You 'll admire Arrival far more than you 'll love it .
A wonderfully complex , heartfelt tale in the midst of an encounter with the unknown . One of the smartest sci-fi films to come around in years and lands as one of 2016 's best .
Arrival , though consistently watchable , is rarely as compelling or engrossing as one might 've anticipated ...
Amy Adams is a miracle worker-she makes us believe in this mesmerizing mindbender about alien communication , directed with searching mind and heart by Denis Villeneuve .
This science fiction is a rarity , a cerebral film that will break your heart while expanding your mind .
A twisty , cerebral drama that just happens to involve aliens , Denis Villeneuve 's film is a truly beguiling take on both the sci-fi canon and what , exactly , a grown-up Hollywood film is supposed to be .
It does n't pack the punch you 'd expect from an alien invasion movie ; it aims higher , and in the end , it cuts deeper .
Would first contact play out as imagined by Close Encounters of the Third Kind or with the gung-ho bluster of Independence Day ? Denis Villeneuve 's intelligent and humane sci-fi drama Arrival definitely flies the flag for the former camp .
A profoundly moving , beautifully made story that presents a timely message about the importance of communication and understanding .
This is science fiction for grown-ups , ready to follow three-dimensional characters grappling with deep ideas .
Remarkably compelling and , at times , cosmically moving .
-LSB- Villenueve has -RSB- a keen appreciation of film 's ability to get at hidden truths .
When it comes to welding audiences to their seats , Denis Villeneuve is on one almighty run .
This sci-fi drama has an enjoyably brain-bending plot that leaves the audience almost stunned with the weight of its themes .
If Arrival 's ending is a little too upbeat and the explanations for the fractured narrative leave one a bit puzzled , it 's still a worthy attempt to refresh a familiar story .
Denis Villeneuve makes this directing lark look easy - whatever the genre he seems to effortlessly step up to the plate and deliver the goods .
In the plus column , Arrival feels like a dreamily updated version of 1951 's The Day the Earth Stood Still . On the negative side , there 's not enough excitement or revelation to justify its two-hour runtime .
Sci-fi with a big emotional sweep is tough to get right .
You can pick holes in the plot if you examine it closely but Arrival is so well made and acted that you are willing to suspend your disbelief , engage your little grey cells and savour one of the smarter screen epics we 've seen in quite a while .
By turns inviting and opaque , Ms. Adams turns softness and quiet into heroic qualities , keeping her voice low , modulated , and using stillness to draw you near .
An interesting study on contemporary themes explained through science fiction and a monumental achievement for its director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a slow pace and sometimes , almost contemplative . It 's a hypnotic movie that must be seen more than once . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Arrival , like the Spielberg classic it aspires to , brings the beyond to us . In doing so , it asks a challenging , prescient question : Are we ready to teach , and ready to learn ?
-LSB- Amy Adams -RSB- gives Arrival the humanity that turns an interesting piece of science fiction into something that 's grand beyond words .
Arrival is grand , technically marvelous , solemn , spooky , somewhat unbelievable and sometimes unfathomable . Who is to say alien visitation will be any different ?
Arrival fulfills on an entertainment level while feeding the mind and soul .
`` Arrival '' makes a moving case that we 've only scratched the surface of what we think is possible - and what we define as intelligence .
Without -LSB- Adams -RSB- , Arrival becomes an arid and talky exercise , but thanks to her remarkable efforts , this thoughtful science-fiction epic has human warmth at its core .
Denis Villeneuve is fast becoming the go-to director for intelligent cinema ; someone capable of traversing genre and putting his own stamp on things .
If you 're yearning for a smart , thoughtful sci-fi film that wonders how first contact with aliens might go down , this tight little gem of a film is a gift from beyond the stars .
... belongs to the cinematic tradition of philosophical space flicks that ultimately turn inward .
Villeneuve , cinematographer Bradford Young , composer Jóhann Jóhannsson and editor Joe Walker dole out information and color it in knowing ways , building to third act revelations that make for profoundly moving film-making .
I wo n't describe the aliens in detail here because the reveal is 87.4 per cent of the fun . I will say only that they 're monstrous but also strangely balletic and tender .
Johan Johannsson 's sonorous score is lovely ; the performers spot on ; and the philosophical concerns deep enough to confuse Christopher Nolan .
Where Close Encounters of the Third Kind gazed outward in awe at the universe , Arrival asks only how its mysteries might provide succour and illumination for us .
Through Adams and Renner 's performances , we share dread , wonder , frustration , panic and transcendence as they begin to interact with the `` Heptapod '' aliens that evoke memories of the work of H.G. Wells and John Wyndham .
The focus is serious human drama , gripping in a way that sci-fi seldom achieves . The film is intricately handsome and rarely showy , flawlessly made and earnest-minded .
That `` Arrival '' works so well is in large part due to Adams , whose fear/eagerness in confronting beings from another world registers squarely with viewers . She can project deep emotions with a minimum of expression . It 's all in the eyes .
Exquisitely structured in surprising ways which only gradually reveal themselves , `` Arrival '' proves thoroughly mesmerizing . Conventional action is kept to a minimum , yet 2016 has scarcely seen such an exciting film . A hauntingly brilliant tour de force .
It is simultaneously old and new , revisiting many of these alien-invasion conventions but with unexpected intelligence , visual style and heart .
What 's remarkable about Arrival is its contemplative core -- and , of course , Ms. Adams 's star performance , which is no less impassioned for being self-effacing .
Arrival is the latest in a long line of `` first contact '' sci-fi stories , and yet regardless of its familiar premise , its achievements are unique .
How far from reality is this hypothetical scenario ? It does n't seem too far removed ...
Yes , there is something resembling a traditional climax , but it does n't come at the expense of the ethereal tone established by Villeneuve . In this time of political upheaval , it 's a welcome tonic .
A familiar story about a close encounter , though well crafted and unusually moody .
Do n't worry if you ca n't follow every detail ... Just go along for the ride with Adams , a genuinely great screen actress who anchors this movie with a beautiful , deep-souled performance that should be up for all the major prizes .
After a mildly bumpy middle , the ending lands emotionally and safely in a surprisingly beautiful and satisfying climax .
In its low-key lyricism with glimpses into the epiphanic , this is a beautifully controlled movie .
More brain-teaser than action film , this is an elegantly-wrought piece of thinking-person 's science fiction ... that plays with convention in unexpected and enthralling ways .
ARRIVAL is likely to become a modern day sci-fi classic .
By the time it ends , Arrival is a story that could only be told in the science-fiction genre , and the result is a beautiful narrative that you find has been telling you things about itself without you ever realizing it .
Fine , full-bodied filmmaking , with a sense of the alien-ness out there in the universe that flatters our intelligence while making us feel tantalizingly small .
Arrival is not a linear adventure of the mind , and it is a film probably best seen twice .
Muted , measured and meditative , `` Arrival '' brings taste and restraint to a genre in the midst of a mini golden age : It comes in peace .
Working from a screenplay by Eric Heisserer , director Denis Villeneuve creates a richly imagined world in which the theme of extraterrestrial outreach is addressed with a refreshing dignity .
-LSB- A -RSB- terrific , haunting film that plays with our expectations - and rewards us with satisfying left turns .
Villeneuve draws on Close Encounters of the Third Kind for his portrayal of scientists and soldiers groping for answers and , more generally , of the celestial playing out in highly personal terms .
Amy Adams is spot on in the lead role , admirably keeping the story on track and not seizing a flashy scene for the consideration of Oscar voters . She does everything right .
One of a handful of movies that have legitimately fooled me ; not with an abrupt twist but a dawning awareness of where it 's going thematically , how deeply and how distanced from sci-fi as usual .
What really stays stuck in your memory long after the movie has ended and the world has been saved , or just as likely not , is the ache at the heart of the world Villeneuve has created .
An alien-invasion fantasy that operates within the genre at the same time as it subverts it - large-scale movie-star sci-fi filtered through the tricky , esoteric lens of art-house cinema .
`` Arrival '' is the sort of superficially profound movie that initially seems deep and weighty but stops making sense the moment you put down the bong .
How many sci-fi movies actually give you ideas to argue about anymore ? How many sci-fi movies give you ideas at all ?
Ostensibly an alien story , `` Arrival '' tackles , with confidence and clarity , conflict in whether mankind will acquiesce or aggress , come together or cloister tighter , compromise or collapse . Here is a masterwork of both the moment and the millennium .
A whip-smart sci-fi movie that powers through strongly and confidently on character , an emotional human story and a performance , instead of special effects .
Arrival is arguably the most emotional , thought-provoking and visceral experience -LSB- Villeneuve has -RSB- crafted yet .
Arrival is at its best when pregnant with the suspense of the possible , when the unidentified stationary objects bear no trace of their intentions . But the film becomes less intriguing as the story 's direction moves from teasingly opaque to crystal-clear .
Cerebral . Serene . Entrancing .
Arrival has come , like a visitor from the cosmos , to blow minds and break hearts .
So much of the pleasure of Denis Villeneuve 's poignant science-fiction drama `` Arrival '' lies in watching Amy Adams figure things out .
Remember all that crap at the end of Interstellar where it tried to get clever but failed horribly ? This pulls it off .
A terrific example of how to put the ` science ' back into ` sci-fi ' without compromising pace or action .
Feels deeply , cloyingly influenced by others . It 's the last act of Close Encounters of the Third Kind meets Contact meets Inception / Interstellar meets The Tree of Life ... tries too hard to make you cry to actually make you cry .
If Arrival succeeds at the box office , it will shine as a beacon in favor of not dumbing down every production to appease the distracted and disinterested masses .
Arrival is at once majestic and melancholy . It 's a grand endeavor , and Adams , at the center of it all , brings pluck and smarts and a deep-seated sorrow to her role . This is her movie , no doubt .
Arrival never fully escapes from the bounds of its source material .
It can seem at times intellectually impenetrable and breathily pretentious . But a movie that makes you think ? What a novel idea .
-LSB- Adams -RSB- delivers a heart-wrenchingly beautiful performance using her ability to communicate a half-dozen emotions just standing still ... But director Denis Villeneuve sometimes gets lost in repetition and blind alleys .
Adams ' performance as Dr Louise Banks is terrific . She 's the affecting emotional core of this . Especially once she starts her own close encounters with the inhabitants of the ship hovering above rural Montana .
Elegant and ambitious , this sci-fi mystery is designed to take on life 's biggest questions in the most intimate way .
This deeply thoughtful , profoundly compassionate sci-fi movie beautifully mixes realism with a sense of wonder . It keeps its mysteries at bay , and , amazingly , does n't disappoint when all is revealed .
This rather wonderful science-fiction drama is very much a next-century companion piece to Steven Spielberg 's 1977 classic Close Encounters Of the Third Kind .
Arrival is reaching for something it ca n't quite grab hold of . But it comes a whole lot closer than most .
Arrival is a weird flick , slow and tedious , too metaphysical for Rod Serling 's The Twilight Zone and most likely to appeal to people who like to play video games and solve puzzles .
... -LSB- A -RSB- message drama disguised as a science-fiction adventure . Somber and slow-paced , it has been engineered more for the mainstream than fanboys .
Adams is convincing and smart-seeming , bringing appropriate queasiness to the position of being a college professor drawn into a rough military world .
... a more thoughtful , more intelligent science fiction film than the mainstream usually offers .
No writer or wordsmith or anyone who has studied language will be able to resist this film . In the eyes of Arrival , language can do more than connect disparate peoples , but change our very perspective on everything .
Arrival is unlike any science fiction film you have seen . It builds like a slow boil into a deeply cerebral , emotionally expansive journey .
Arrival arrives at a good time , as something of a salve for the ugly discourse going on and a reminder to us that thinking big is really worthwhile .
I have seen no movie to which I felt more deeply connected this year . But I wo n't tell you exactly why . To discuss most particulars of this movie is to defeat its purpose .
A science-fiction masterpiece that 's largely about our perceptions of time and our struggles to communicate ... unexpectedly romantic and profound in its deeper concerns , by exploring the happy-sad nature of existence itself , of being born to die .
Intelligent , intense , grownup science fiction that will thrill genre lovers and satisfy fans of moving human drama . A beautiful , thought-provoking film .
Enlightening , inspiring , sci-fi allegory for our times - one of the year 's best !
Do n't be dismayed if you ca n't grasp every plot point quickly and easily . The images you see and things you hear need time to ruminate and be savored .
The film develops an emotional undercurrent that becomes properly overwhelming in the final reel .
The sci-fi thriller not only subverts expectations in brilliant ways , it explores deeply felt themes of life , loss and love . In other words , it 's light-years away from Independence Day 3 .
The film 's searching images counterpoint the hyper-articulate methodology of its characters ' sense of imbalance and uncertainty .
Arrival deserves our attention for being one of the best-paced , expertly shot and awe-inspiring sci-fi dramas to arrive in theaters in quite some time .
Arrival is such a beautiful and thought-provoking film that it almost singlehandedly makes up for every bad aliens-coming-to-Earth film you 've ever seen .
Much of Arrival - the part that sticks closest to its source , egghead sci-fi cult figure Ted Chiang 's `` Story of Your Life '' - is an eerie , tantalizing , altogether superb puzzler .
Cerebral sci-fi with a Spielbergian sense of wonder .
Arrival has its heart in the right place . Who does n't want smart sci-fi ? Who wants to argue with a big budget drama about linguistics ? And though the film is not more than sum of its parts , well , those parts are pretty great .
Arrival is an alien invasion movie for grown-ups ; one that 's lacking in action , explosions and all-out war , but heavy on tension , drama , and raw emotion .
Atmospheric and thoughtful , it 's an ideal choice to introduce hard sci-fi to a wider audience .
If you like thoughtful , cerebral sci-fi films that are driven by ideas , you will be in for a treat .
A linguist , a physicist and a colonel walk into an alien spaceship . No joke . Just brilliance ... Arrival is miraculous .
Brainy yet expensive , `` Arrival '' flaunts its hope to be more like `` Close Encounters of the Third Kind '' : slow , measured and filled with moments where the audience is supposed to collectively hush , open their jaws in unison and go awe .
It has big ideas and an unconventional structure , and it is rather engaging when it dives deep into the trade of language translation .
This is n't Close Encounters 's wonder about the vastness of the universe ; it 's something trickier and more bittersweet about how we make our life decisions .
Given that personal trauma is the prevailing throughline of Denis Villeneuve 's filmmaking career so far , it 's no surprise to find Arrival anchored by a familiar narrative motif .
So sure is the stride of the narrative , and so bracing the air of expectation , that you feel yourself , like Louise , beginning to spin , and barely able to catch your breath .
For fans of dark , cerebral , Christopher Nolan type sci-fi or even time-related sci-fi this will be right up your alley .
In a breathtaking performance , Amy Adams grounds this hypnotizing sci-fi drama from Incendies director Denis Villeneuve , in which communication , purpose and time are key
For most of its running time , Arrival is entrancing , intimate , and moving - a sci-fi movie that looks not up at the stars but rather deep within .
Manages to transcend its genre elements and get to the heart of our existence . It exemplifies the power of love and sorrow to work as markers for our lives .
Arrival is Villeneuve 's The Day The Earth Stood Still or Close Encounters Of The Third Kind , and somehow he makes it true to the tropes while also feeling like something new .
An intense film that make us consider not only what it means the arrival of the visitors , but how this will alter our reality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An outstanding sci-fi film with an intergalactic language lesson .
With performances that have spanned a vast net of quirky and strong supporting players -LRB- i.e. `` Junebug '' and `` The Fighter '' -RRB- , Amy Adams has emerged as a fully realized leading lady .
The themes of the film are intricate , navigating ideas of love , loss and perception but Eric Heisserer - adapting from the short story The Story Of Your Life by Ted Chiang - keeps the exposition manageable .
A super-smart sci-fi that 'll blow your mind and have you on the edge of your seat without recourse to explosions or souped-up fighter jets .
All this theoretical stuff is offset by some nicely unfussy performances ... Still , the flick could use a little less conversation and a little more action .
Denis Villeneuve 's Arrival is that rare beast : an awe-inspiring sci-fi that delivers both spectacle and smarts .
-LSB- Villeneuve -RSB- pushes the boundaries on what a sci-fi film really can be .
Some grossly overstated dialogue keeps an immensely fascinating story and inventive visualization of a human-alien struggle to communicate from touching our tenderest sci-fi cinema soft-spots .
A captivating story about an admirable protagonist in a fantastic position at the heart of a wonderful situation could actually make the world a better place .
It celebrates the very best traits of humanity ... while also encouraging us to confront life 's biggest questions . This is filmmaking at its most powerful and profound .
Arrival can be mentioned in the same breath as 2001 , Solaris and Contact . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Like all the best sci-fi , Arrival is n't really about aliens . It 's about people . It 's about ideas . But instead of hammering you over the head with those ideas in a bid to show how clever-clever it is , the film lets the story and characters do the talking .
Denis Villeneuve 's latest is smart , hopeful , and intimately devastating science fiction .
Arrival is one of the best films of the year .
The sheer emotional heft is downright staggering . Movies like this are what I 'm here for .
With Arrival , Denis Villeneuve communicates the wonder of a Steven Spielberg alien movie within a decidedly hard sci-fi milieu .
A film of rare vision and beauty , Arrival is easily the most intelligent blockbuster released this year-and maybe any year .
Watching Adams attempt to teach the aliens English is remarkably gripping , aided by some genuinely breath-taking shots .
The combination of science and emotions that Nolan wanted to deeply explore with Interstellar , it 's fully reached in this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Arrival proves to be much more than the standard first contact flick , and Villeneuve maintains his track record of turning all expectations of genre on their head .
The kind of movie that Christopher Nolan wanted to accomplish with Interstellar . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An existentialist and theorical film similar to Inception or Interestellar . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Quite simply , Arrival is one of the most extraordinary , affecting films of the year , a delicate balance between intellect and passion , finding ways to entertain while opening one 's mind up to possibilities .
The extraordinary success of Arrival is that it combines its bravura style and grand sci-fi questions with tremendous emotional intelligence and a heart so full it 's ready to burst .
Sophisticated sci-fi - stunningly well-crafted and acted .
Be patient . Arrival falls just short of perfect thanks to an expositional hiccup midway through the film and a climax that hinges on a borderline-hokey revelation , but the end will more than justify these ever so slightly sloppy means .
Villeneuve has crafted a compelling tale which explores humanity 's flaws , our own fears and impatience , in a way that is scarily realistic .
Arrival challenges viewers to a brainier sci-fi conundrum than they 're used to , which makes for an intellectual breath of fresh air .
Arrival is quite pretentious ... but it 's the good kind . It 's the smart kind .
A film that forces viewers to reconsider that which makes us truly human , and the impact of grief on that timeline of existence .
A cerebral and emotionally resonant examination of language through the genre of science fiction .
This is hard science fiction made by an artist - which means big questions , impossible concepts and difficult choices .
It 's heartening to encounter a science fiction thriller that is ready to deal with abstract ideas .
Arrival has the heft of a literary airport novel , with enough poetry and pathos to elevate it above Michael Crichton .
Arrival is a smart film , but it 's not a cold or clinical one .
It 's the fulfillment of what great fiction can do , particularly genre fiction .
For a film about language , Villeneuve smartly relies most on the cinematic language : cinematography , production design , visual effects and musical scoring . His collaborators flex some of the best work of the year in every cinematic realm .
Less Close Encounters of the Third Kind and more Linguistic Encounters of the Academic Kind , this is a sci-fi movie with intelligence , cerebral and emotional .
It 's ingenious , and brilliantly directed , shot and scored , all of which bodes well for Villeneuve 's next project , a keenly-awaited sequel to 1982 's Blade Runner .
Compellingly made , this is science fiction of substance , which is promising for the forthcoming new Blade Runner .
Plenty of smart ideas and bravura visuals .
Arrival gives us a lot to take in , and the picture is big , somber and grand , if in the end somewhat sterile .
Beautiful , provocative allegory that can bump your whole worldview off balance .
A high-stakes , hard sci-fi action film .
Arrival is a close encounter with the best of intelligent , thoughtful science fiction .
Both heartfelt and very entertaining .
It 's a monolith , a megalith , but like the gigantic alien craft that comes to rest somewhere above Montana at the start of the film , despite its immensity it hovers elegantly overhead . The film defies gravity .
Anchored by an internalized performance from Amy Adams rich in emotional depth , this is a grownup sci-fi drama that sustains fear and tension while striking affecting chords on love and loss .
In a crowded genre , Villeneuve 's picture is distinguished chiefly for being so richly realised and executed , gifted with an almost symbiotic score by his regular collaborator Johann Johannsson .
A fairly chilly , cerebral bit of business , from its beautifully tamped-down cinematography -LRB- by modern master Bradford Young -RRB- to Jóhann Jóhannsson 's ethereal score .

@highlight

Arrival delivers a must-see experience for fans of thinking person 's sci-fi that anchors its heady themes with genuinely affecting emotion and a terrific performance from Amy Adams .