For all its flaws - and there are more of them than in Charlize `` Evil Queen '' Theron 's magically aged face - Snow White delivers exactly what you expect from a fairy tale . And more .
Overall , I enjoyed Huntsman thought it was a good first effort from -LSB- director Rupert -RSB- Sanders , though pacing and some lazy narrative devices dragged it down a bit .
One had hoped for better .
Not a perfect movie by any stretch of the imagination , Snow White and the Huntsman can boast truly magnificent performances -- minus Stewart , of course -- an interesting take on a beloved tale , and gorgeous scenes . Too bad about some of that plot though .
Overly long and slow-moving , it 's serious and ponderous from the get go , and does n't really change gear until its underwhelming climax .
Theron gives the picture some spine . As Snow White , Kristen Stewart supplies the heart .
This Snow White may not be the fairest of them all , but sometimes , especially during the heat of summer , fair-to-middling does just fine .
Strong effects , good design , and an exciting use of nature help to empower Stewart and Theron , who inject a rich , double dose of feminism .
Like its vain Queen , it 's so enamored of its own mirror image that it 's hard to see past the style and get lost in the story . But as sheer spectacle , it delivers the goods .
Ostracized teacher fights to clear his name after false child molestation accusation .
Director Rupert Sanders and actress Charlize help elevate this otherwise forgettable fairy tale .
Stewart 's Snow White , meanwhile , pouts her lips , bats her bedroom eyes , and scarcely seems to have more on her mind than who might take her to the senior prom
Movie , movie on the wall , who 's the lamest of them all ? In ` Snow White and the Huntsman ' that distinction is pretty much up for grabs .
Visually impressive but a little hollow overall , not unlike its lead .
If you 're going to mess with a fairy tale , then you 'd better mess with it well . `` Snow White and the Huntsman '' toes the line - very closely - but eventually falls on the right side of it , once you get past the first half hour or so .
Thank God for Charlize Theron , who dials the crazy up to ` Warning : Panto ! ' As a result , she 's the only one who looks like she 's having any fun .
For all the money that was spent on `` Snow White and the Huntsman , '' apparently there was n't any allotment in the budget for enjoyment .
More puzzling than it is unwatchable , squandering some really quite exceptional moments under the weight of a dreary and dull tale .
Dear god , is this thing setting us up for a sequel in which Kristen Stewart has to negotiate yet another love triangle ?
Avoids becoming yet another Twilight clone . If a sequel happens , it will be interesting to see what direction it takes .
An impressive debut for Sanders - an entertaining , visually stimulating -LRB- but ultimately hollow -RRB- summer movie experience .
Not much of anything makes sense , either as fairy tale or human drama .
With a harder commitment to the macabre , a recast lead and the abolishment of the love triangle , this could have been a minor classic .
Not quite the fairest in the land , but certainly fair enough to keep you enchanted by the sets , costumes and a delightful Chris Hemsworth .
A film like this should have easily been able to work , but it needed much better execution than these filmmakers gave it .
Too much of the film is mired in the bleak , gritty world of Hollywood Medieval Grunge ... Have filmmakers never looked at medieval art ? They had pretty colors back then , I 'm almost certain .
long on blood and thunder and relatively short on emotional engagement
While it 's a heavily flawed film , there 's more good than bad to be found in this adaptation of the Grimm tale .
Snow White boasts some clever visuals and engaging action , but the story feels forced and better fit for a SyFy movie of the week .
Poorly conceived , shabbily plotted , devoid of character development and at least arguably sexist .
At best , Snow White and the Huntsman is pretty but forgettable . At worst , as with its occasionally anachronistic dialogue -LRB- ` passed away , ' ` OK ' -RRB- and its heroine 's sadly undeveloped character , there 's something rather hollow about these dark woods .
`` Snow White and the Huntsman '' has style dripping from every frame and features incredible imagery . The performances are very entertaining , the score is fairly satisfying , and its special effects are just extremely well done and pure bliss for your eyes .
The main reason to see it -LRB- on the big screen , especially -RRB- are the delicious , evocative production elements .
That it does n't really nail a flavour all its own is ok ; it mimics the best bits of other movies so well , there 's plenty of enjoyment to be had even if none of it substantially resonates .
The stylistic influence of Lord of the Rings permeates the film and effectively sells the fairy tale as a drama-driven showdown between the Evil Queen 's unquenchable vanity and Snow White 's uncrushable sense of honour .
Visually dazzling but the rest is poisoned by mediocrity
I liked ` Mirror Mirror ' because of its tongue-in-cheek humor . I like ` Snow White and the Huntsman ' because it 's , well - forgive me - so grim .
Restores some of the fable 's pre-Disney grit and gristle and strips decades of candy coating off its grown-up edge .
You could literally cast Harold Pinter 's The Homecoming AND The Caretaker with these eight men and run them side by side on the West End to packed houses for years .
Feels confused , directionless and overstuffed , with an uneven pace and a tone that lurches from dark gothic horror to candy-coloured fairy garden to epic fantasy battle .
If you can suspend your disbelief that Kristen Stewart is `` the fairest of all them all '' in a beauty contest with Charlize Theron ...
A surprisingly compelling action/fantasy film , with a consistent pace , effective atmosphere and commanding visuals galore .
Snow White & The Huntsman is a satisfying start to what may become a long-running series .
This gorgeous yet fractured fairytale has its flaws but is interesting enough and enjoyable enough to maintain your interest .
Star of the show is Theron 's wicked stepmother , who seethes with barely contained sexual jealousy .
Takes its cues from ... Peter Jackson 's Lord of the Rings trilogy and HBO 's hit series Game of Thrones . If only it ever felt as grand as the former , or were as incest and decapitation laden as the latter .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Sanders squanders the opportunity to deliver a definitive Snow White for the 21st century in contempo cinematic terms
The film looks ravishing with its stylish design driven production , but there 's no heart in this latest re-imagining of the Grimm Brothers ' story
It does n't help that Snow White is Kristen Stewart , an actress who seems to have just the one expression at her command and it is one of pained peevishness . Even when she 's smiling , she 's peeved .
If you do n't walk out of the movie -LRB- as I was sorely tempted to do -RRB- you 'll eventually get to meet the seven dwarfs ... This touch of whimsy is welcome but comes too late to rescue the dark-hearted movie .
Theron brings an imperious grandeur to Ravenna 's wicked plotting , as well as a trace of sympathy for the hard-knock life that turned her heart so cold .
Snow White and the Huntsman has real glimpses of beguiling beauty , and accomplished fantasy action but repeatedly doses itself with the poison apple and diminishes the impact .
It 's an odd epic that has moments , but nothing that will stand the test of time .
Like star Kristen Stewart 's performance , it 's pretty on the outside but hollow on in the inside .
If you like your fantasy dark , your characters broad , and your stories familiar , this lushly imagined riff on the classic fairy tale should scratch an itch you may not have even known you had .
The main character is seriously under-written , but jaw-dropping CG effects and an affecting queen bridge the gap .
Worth watching for the breathless moments when it captures the magic completely on screen . But while its heart may be in the right place , it does n't beat with much passion .
... too dark and doomy to be really any fun .
The plot lurches forward without elegance or any kind of flow , hitting one event after another and not building up any kind of momentum to speak of .
Darker White makes for a vibrant tale .
When it 's focused on Good vs. Evil and the mechanics of the plot , the film is highly watchable -- enchanting , even .
Overlong but brilliantly realized ; goes off the deep end a bit as it transforms Snow White into a Joan of Arc figure , as if in fulfillment of the ` Narnia ' - esque Christian allegory of its storyline . -LRB- Snow even recites the Lord 's Prayer . -RRB-
This grim special-effects juggernaut mucks around in the darker regions of the fairy tale .
The film looks great with great scenery , costumes , special effects and action scenes . Except for Kristen Stewart , who is somewhat miscast here , the acting is solid by the rest of the cast .
Charlize Theron is fairest of them all -LRB- sorry Kristen -RRB- , but this movie is n't .
At its best , Snow White and the Huntsman is a bold , vivid , imaginative retelling of a beloved fairy tale . It is both stark and gorgeous , bleak and beautiful . In this version , the powerful conflict is between age and youth .
It 's porn for pagans ; the kind of movie that will play well at The Corn Exchange .
Goodness is not nearly as much fun to play as evil or the flawed anti-hero , so Kristen Stewart is stuck in the middle with all the other actors having a blast around her .
Até mesmo o tom estabelecido pelo diretor estreante Rupert Sanders expõe a confusão dos realizadores com relação ao próprio material .
Theron portrays the malevolent monarch Ravenna with over-the-top zeal and almost makes the tyrant sympathetic .
A dark film , Thereon 's sparkling performance overshadows Stewart 's lackluster effort .
A brazenly-blasphemous overhaul of Snow White designed to exploit the popular vampire formula .
Stewart is a truly poor actress , but she looks cool and confident next to Theron 's outrageous overacting .
The film is a muddy , bloody , violent , overlong sword-and-sorcery affair . Shot on lowering locations in Wales and Ireland , it 's stronger on special effects than on magic .
Led by a perfectly cast Charlize Theron devouring the scenery as the evil queen , Snow White and the Huntsman is an entertaining spin on the classic tale , combining great-looking visuals and exciting action .
With an aesthetic that will draw inevitable comparisons to Mordor and the series Game of Thrones , his is a medieval world full of death and decay , whose evil queen toys with dead animals and quite literally sucks the life out of her subjects .
... puts the grim back into Brothers Grimm ... Theron is at her best in the early scenes , when she depends on angry scowls and ear steam . She 's less effective in banshee mode , screeching , ` I need her heart ! '
An effective retelling of Snow White that puts the Grimm all back in .
The number one thing that saves this film ... is Charlize Theron .
The story ultimately becomes more Tolkien than Grimm , with extraneous additions and radical reworkings meant to assuage moviegoers weaned on the Peter Jackson trilogy .
Sanders 's grimy epic allows in a surprising amount of blood and gratifying degrees of entry-level horror .
Perhaps when it comes to fairy tales movie studios should just leave well enough alone unless they can come up with something that wo n't leave the audience feeling grumpy , sleepy or dopey .
Forget the title characters ; Charlize Theron 's deliciously wicked Queen Ravenna is all anyone is likely to remember -- favorably , that is .
When a movie 's biggest thrill is watching Charlize Theron go from young to old , turn into birds then mud and back again , there are serious problems .
` Snow White and the Huntsman ' works because of the impressive directorial debut of Sanders and Theron 's dynamic performance .
the Big Bad Wolf in this fairytale is Naomi Wolf .
As far as live-action reimaginings of fairy tales are concerned , this is one of the more inventive ones and is unquestionably better than 2011 's Red Riding Hood misfire .
The movie gets off to a great start with Theron captivating the screen with her presence . She disappears for long stretches in a bloated middle section that takes the air out of the balloon . The movie 's strengths are the costumes , the makeup and ...
What Stewart shows in the daunting demands of a Joan of Arc role , opposing the likes of a monster of guile and evil like Theron 's majestic , entirely ruthless villain , is that she just ca n't hack it .
as delicious as the scenery is in this film , it 's most delicious to the cast , who chews through it in every scene
Can we please stick a fork in the Snow White-inspired movies - at least for another dozen years or so ?
Vastly superior to Mirror , Mirror in every way . Great work from Charlize Theron .
Slick and stylish , with an overriding desire to show you the grittier flip side of a famous fairy tale we usually see portrayed with more lightness . I surrendered to its pleasures , in spite of its shortcomings .
An unappealing and operatic screen adaptation of the Brothers Grimm fable .
Sanders does not -LRB- yet -RRB- share Guillermo del Toro 's gifts , but he , too , has an eye for the beautiful and the grotesque , and for that entrancing borderline where the two meet .
Only Bob Hoskins as the blind seer Muir comes close to making us care . We can almost glean Snow White 's heroic possibilities through his clouded eyes . As much as we 'd like to , we certainly ca n't from Stewart 's efforts .
Some of the fairy tale effects are marvelous ; but the odyssey from darkness to light is unduly long and sloggy , and Stewart , with her contemporary edge , seems to be acting in the wrong era .
This movie only exists as a crass way for Hollywood to make money by updating a known story into a generic medieval setting with tons of meaningless action .
If Snow White 's tale is a shiny red apple , then modern tropes of fantasy are the poison .
Director Rupert Sanders is quite skilled in his feature film debut . He succeeds in creating a fantasy world with a striking dichotomy of darkness and light .
The movie also confirms something I 've suspected for a while but never felt like exposing myself to ridicule enough to say : Kristen Stewart is n't a bad actress .
In essence , it 's a road film , albeit one where our travelers come across ancillary elements that really do n't payoff in the end .
Violent fairy tale is n't for kids but will attract teens .
Snow White and the Huntsman , in its most illuminated stretches , finds the sweet spot between folklore 's elemental urges and the hard-fought , pragmatic women-centrism of contemporary cinematic heroism .
... the celluloid equivalent of a wicked queen in this equation , a soulless predator undeniably easy on the eyes that longs to be all-powerful , and can only attempt to be so by sucking the life out of everything nearby .
The movie offers few thrills but will provide some great screen-savers .
The film 's appeal lies in its deadly serious approach to its story . There 's no winking at the audience , no tongue in cheek . Everyone plays it straight , including the dwarfs .
Is this classic miscasting . Kristen Stewart ? The fairest one of all ? In a pure , who 's hot and who 's not contest , Charlize Theron -- wicked queen or not -- wins in a slam dunk .
`` Snow White and the Huntsman , '' a solemn but mostly savvy rewrite , is a welcome upgrade .
I ca n't imagine who the filmmakers envisioned as their target audience . Is it a date movie ? I do n't think so . It 's really not for children , either , unless they happen to be members of the Addams Family . Why ?
A virtual orchard of toxic excess , starting with the unnecessarily sprawling cast of characters .
A movie that plays like its own art book : lovely to browse through , but excruciating to actually experience .
In the contest between last spring 's ` Mirror Mirror ' and this pic , who 's the fairest of them all ? Turns out it 's a tie ... flat versus ponderous , they 're both rife with rotten apples .
The movie ultimately gets more right than wrong , finding the proper balance between spectacle and storytelling .
There 's also a truly lamentable incursion of neo-Disney bunnies and butterflies and adorable , big-eyed pixies .
Forgetting the fact that we 're supposed to accept Stewart as fairer than Theron in the first place -LRB- seriously , who cast this movie ? -RRB- , Theron 's incredible performance is destroyed by the lines she has to deliver .
Snow White and the Huntsman 's success is consistently thwarted by both a meandering storyline and a seriously overlong running time .
This is what would have been the end result of ` The Lord of the Rings ' trilogy if Peter Jackson was more concerned with all-flash and no real substance .
Poor Snow White . The princess from the classic Grimm fairy tale has definitely not been the fairest of them all on the big screen this year .
Snow White & the Huntsman may be occasionally beautiful to look at , but as the evil queen teaches us , it comes at a cost -- in this sense , narrative momentum , actual stakes , and above all , an enjoyable experience .
At risk of sounding silly , the main problem with ` Snow White and the Huntsman ' is that it 's about Snow White and the huntsman .
As a tortured soul for whom beauty is power , Charlize Theron pulls out all the stops , but director Rupert Sanders does n't know when to rein her in and some of her scenes tip over into ranting .
Snow White is a good-looking film which will thrill children from the age of nine/ten up .
Although it fitfully drags , Sanders ' confident handling of the sizable production means that overall it 's an impressive debut .
A well-crafted yarn that overstays its welcome .
There are many splendid reasons to see Snow White and the Huntsman - enough , maybe , not to care that neither Snow White nor the Huntsman rank high among them .
The film is noteworthy for glorious visuals and music .
Fails to realize the full potential of its ambitiously dark vision .
Is this movie trying to be `` Excalibur '' or `` My Little Pony '' ?
Perhaps the best thing about `` Snow White and the Huntsman '' is it does n't smirk at itself . It plays out as a story about mortality and greed and oppression in a fantastical world , but it does n't act as if anything is silly .
The costumes are wicked cool , the special effects impress , and the finale is sufficiently rousing , but the script takes no chances with characters that are all good or all bad .
Theron saved it from being as pretty and vacant as Paris Hilton .
Though there are moments that are visually interesting to gaze at , the characters are severely underdeveloped , the direction generic , and the pacing kind of slow .
There will be lots of versions of Theron 's evil queen running around West Hollywood this Halloween ; it 's a performance that 's one part Tilda Swinton to 30 parts Faye Dunaway , the sort of over-the-top craziness that spawns midnight screenings .
Too often a film fails on its ability to skillfully write , portray or act out a compelling story , but its redeeming savior is expensive special effects . Viewers deserve the total cinematic package and they do n't get it here .
Snow White and the Huntsman makes for a great summer popcorn flick that may actually end up surprising some of you out there who may not have been clamoring to see the latest film featuring ` the chick from Twilight . '
This is n't your parents ' or grandparents ' version of the familiar tale , and anyone mistakenly taking their young kids to see it and expecting more of the same old Disney magic are certain to be surprised . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The film sets a startlingly foreboding stage upon which an old story plays in sometimes-inspired ways .
The movie has a lot of good ideas , -LSB- but -RSB- they 're assembled in such a disjointed fashion that the sum is never equal to its parts .
There 's lots of talent on display in the film -LRB- and I think the film will make a good display movie for your home theater one day -RRB- , but none of it matters when the script is so saggy and the lead so wrong .
Director Rupert Sanders is known for making television commercials that look like fairy tales . Now he has made a fairy tale that looks like a commercial .
Not only is it not the best film version of `` Snow White '' in the last three months , it does n't even live up to the not-exactly hallowed standards of the infamous `` Snow White and the Three Stooges . ''
First-time director Rupert Sanders conjures up some stylish gothic visuals , but this feels like a mash-up of Lord Of The Rings and Game Of Thrones .
-LSB- It -RSB- gets closer to the spirit of the Brothers Grimm than any previous Hollywood movie . Disneyfied , it is not .
A slow , boring film that has no charm and is highlighted only by a handful of special effects and Charlize Theron 's truly evil queen .
Stunningly shot and inconsistently acted and written , Snow White has enough visual fireworks to keep the film afloat , even if star Kristen Stewart ca n't get out of Twilight mode .
It is an absolute wonder to watch and creates a warrior princess for the ages . But what this revisionist fairy tale does not give us is a passionate love - its kisses are as chaste as the snow is white .
Sanders ' outing is a Gothic technical triumph in many ways ... there is a lot of visual wonder to bask in and be inspired by , making Sanders ' next project one to watch out for .
I think you 're invested in this movie from the moment it starts . It is a little inconsistent but overall I had fun with it . But no , Kristen Stewart is not fairer than Charlize Theron . FAN TA SY
Appropriately grim ... The movie is the rare one that uses its many digital effects for good instead of nonsense .
The director sets a heart-pounding pace , pausing only for such interludes as Snow White 's encounter with seven dwarfs who could not be more distant from their Disney forebears .
There are worse ways to spend two hours than in the company of `` Snow White and the Huntsman . ''
Stewart moves through the picture looking noble and sadly dull , unwittingly setting the stage for the evil queen to steal her show .
Tangled and overblown .
When it comes to fairy tales , half the battle is in the creation of a winning hero or heroine and a bull 's - eye adversary . `` Snow White and the Huntsman '' understands this , then outdoes itself .
What dooms Snow White and the Huntsman is ultimately not how over the top it is , but how dull it is .
Gloomy and lugubrious ... another expensive dud .
After starting out strong and introducing a well-thought out group of pieces , the filmmakers suddenly seem to realize they have no idea what to do with them .
A dark and gritty take on the classic , Sanders succeeds mightily in the look and feel of his film , but his ability to direct his impressive cast is severely lacking .
The film has the DNA of a blockbuster and the soul of a haunting folk tale . It is as dangerous , dark , intelligent and beautiful as its wraithlike villainess .
Snow White and the Huntsman has a darkness that seeps into the soul - but it 's also definitely a missed opportunity . Director Rupert Sanders loses his nerve just when the story starts cooking .
Even the considerable imagination and investment on display here ca n't make this fairytale character - or Kristen Stewart - a viable movie star .
A surprisingly fine , fantastic movie it is .
Latest version of the popular fairytale has stunning imagery and an impressive cast , but fails to bring its well-known plot to life .
Rare among the recent fairy tale adaptions -LRB- from Mirror Mirror to the dreadful Red Riding Hood -RRB- the invigorating Snow White and the Huntsman actually breathes new life into an old story .
Sanders makes all the mistakes of a neophyte filmmaker , but doing it with such a massive budget leads to a cinematic hodgepodge of fractured fairy-tale imagery , computer-generated menacing forests and gamboling , turtle-riding fairies .
Could have benefitted from complexity over fairy tale simplicity .
It 's a blockbuster trying to zoom to screen glory on four flat tires , growing more tedious the harder it tries to peacock instead of electrify . As far as 2012 is concerned , Mirror Mirror is the fairest one of all .
There is something exciting about how seriously `` Snow White and the Huntsman '' takes its themes .
Theron turns a stock character into a memorably sinister mix of scorned gold digger and plastic surgery addict . It takes a lot more than a pail of water to wipe out this wicked witch .
This over-crammed , disjointed , and lugubrious film is misconceived from the ground up .
Hollywood 's fairy tale fad reaches its nadir with this listless , witless , bum-numbing adventure-whimsy ...
The only one who comes out of this odd pairing unscathed is Walt Disney , looking smarter than ever for boiling the tale down to its mythical essence way back in 1937 .
Even though it 's not all Stewart 's fault , the other people in the movie are so much more compelling that , much of the time , I wished Snow White would take another nap and let the interesting characters do their stuff .
Intermittently engaging but disjointed , `` Snow White and the Huntsman '' puzzlingly fails to present a Snow White worth rooting for .
Handsome but hollow .
Be vewwy , vewwy quiet : add Eric and Snow to her boyhood pal Prince William ... and you get another love Twi-angle .
Puts the grim back in Brothers ' Grimm . Overall , a very entertaining fantasy adventure , that probably owes more to GAME OF THRONES than Disney .
The effects are the usual Cheez Whiz with the exception of a scene in which Ravenna suddenly transforms into what 's poetically known as `` an unkindness of ravens '' and one in which she takes a dip in a milky pool and emerges a vanilla-coated Venus . OK , wow .
At its best , `` Snow White and the Huntsman '' feels less like a desperate blockbuster and more like a handmade object .
Seriously sumptuous and savage , it idiosyncratically modernizes the alabaster-skinned , ruby-lipped feminist heroine .
Snow White proves a decent swashbuckler at the climax , the picture looks impressive and it 's appealing young cast should ensure it has more chance of catching on with the public than the lame Mirror , Mirror .
-LSB- It -RSB- all feels like serious , pay-attention-now , schoolroom stuff - Shakespeare without the poetry , `` Braveheart '' without the performances .
Yet another film that tells us , over and over again , that Kristen Stewart is the most valuable , sought-after being in the universe , without showing us any reason why she would be .
... Charlize Theron deadens her eyes and summons pure evil , but Kristen Stewart , tasked with being ` life itself , ' has to work pretty hard to muster any .
When Snow rides into battle wielding a sword , you want to tell her to put that thing down before she pokes her eye out .
Twice as entertaining as the embarrassing , silly Mirror Mirror .
There 's an oddly over-serious tone to this fairy tale , as if the filmmakers thought they were making a massive action epic on par with The Lord of the Rings .
A bold rethinking of a familiar old story and striking design elements are undercut by a draggy mid-section and undeveloped characters in Snow White and the Huntsman .
This `` Snow White '' is one of those revisionist fairy tales in which the princess takes control of her own destiny . A different actress might have been able to sell that , but Stewart ca n't ...
Huntsman feints at being the Snow White retelling no one has ever seen before , but ultimately becomes the `` been there , done that '' of fairy-tale filmmaking .
`` Snow White and the Huntsman '' reinvents the legendary story in a film of astonishing beauty and imagination .
Sanders creates some wonderfully evocative visuals , but they 're just fleeting moments of beauty that ca n't compensate for the slow , tedious story .
There 's a lot to appreciate , and a lot to ignore in a movie that needed a more experienced director to properly pull off .
It turns into a clangy medieval epic , full of random woodland monsters and battles , and it begins to lose the pulse of its fairy-tale mystique . It 's like watching Clash of the Titans IV : Revenge of the Blood Apple .
I resisted this derivative mishmash of classic fairytale and modern epic fantasy for as long as I could , but ultimately it swept me up into its geeky but manly embrace and carried me away on a white charger .
After a while , you just sit back and let the thing wash over you , marveling and giggling as necessary .
`` Snow White and the Huntsman '' never quite delivers on its promise -- a dark retelling of the fairy tale in which women hold the true power , good and evil -- but it certainly is an attractive misfire .
Sanders has approached a classic fairy tale with a few strong visual ideas and a very game Charlize Theron , and it 's almost impressive how little he 's managed to make of it .
Snow does earn top billing , but do n't be fooled : This film belongs to the Oscar-winning Theron , who sinks her talons into the killer part , making every snarl and outburst such wicked , cruel fun to behold .
This slightly overstuffed entertainment rises , in part thanks to -LSB- Hemsworth -RSB- , to one of the most pleasant surprises of the summer movie season so far .
... all the flavor of dried celery .
Astonishingly beautiful and breathtaking in its brutal imagery , Snow White & the Huntsman is thrilling and frightening in equal measure , yet as bereft of satisfying substance as a poisoned apple .
In the battle of the dueling queens , Oscar winner Theron comes up short against the regally evil Julia Roberts of `` Mirror Mirror . ''
As feminist fantasy , the film is non-committal , and as a reimagining of the fairy tale , it 's at best expensive-looking without seeming wantonly so .
Apparently there are at least 15 more fairytale films in production , including two each based on Cinderella , Sleeping Beauty and Peter Pan , but I doubt many of them will look as good as this .
The narrative lacks drive and there 's something just a bit , well , dull about the whole thing , with too many characters in a plot that , ultimately , it 's difficult to relate to or care about .
Despite some stunning effects work , this is a disappointing and frequently dull fairy tale adaptation that flounders thanks to dodgy performances , leaden dialogue and a crucial lack of both humour and action .
This visullay striking , darkly-toned , revisionist version suffers from the same problems that inflict all spectacles helmed by debutant directors who come from ads and commercials .
We 're supposed to believe that Snow White commands the adoration of everyone she meets , but when poor Hemsworth lunges in for his emotional reveal , it 's as plausible as a man professing undying love for a tablespoon .
-LSB- The -RSB- film can never quite find the balance between fairy tale and Joan of Arc-style fable and gets bogged down in questing when it should be delivering magic and adventure .
It 's better than you expect - but its length and self-seriousness probably make it too stolid and dark for the fairy-tale demographic .
Though humorless and anchored by a two-register performance from Charlize Theron , the picture must be seen for its enchanting recreation of an alternative , medieval universe .
Snow is ... meant to be ethereal . Like a Disney princess , even , little birdies alighting on her slender white fingers and whatnot . But there is nothing ethereal about Stewart -- she is all id .
A film that 's considerably longer than it needs be , in which the evocative eloquence of storybook pictures is consistently garbled by the need to overexplain and psychoanalyze .
The film ... proceeds with a deliberateness rare in a big-budget franchise starter ; you can sense the hand of coscreenwriter Hossein Amini -LRB- Drive -RRB- in the story 's always involving , slow-build structure .
Witless , heartless and dull . Even the Twi-hards are going to want their money back .
Every shot is beautifully composed and Sanders is able to create an atmosphere that draws you into a scene . It 's just that , once inside , there are no great reveals .
A strong visual style tussles with flaccid storytelling in this ambitious retelling of Grimm .
The movie 's revisionist tone is startlingly enough to carry you along .
A visually inventive , deliciously dark fairytale reheat . The story 's far from the stuff of legend , but Theron makes for a ferocious meanie , helping to flush away Mirror Mirror 's sugary aftertaste .
Hemsworth looks every bit the rugged outdoorsman , so it 's a pity how disposable the script makes him .
More The Dark Knight than Twilight , this is one fairytale update that packs an impressive punch and a deft , human touch .

@highlight

While it offers an appropriately dark take on the fairy tale that inspired it , Snow White and the Huntsman is undone by uneven acting , problematic pacing , and a confused script .