Next Day Air is well-intentioned but ill-thought , an amateur work by a first time filmmaking team trying to make the kind of film they like to watch , but ignorant of what makes those kinds of films work .
-LSB- Director Benny Boom -RSB- keeps the proceedings competent in the face of a labyrinthine plot that begs for more so-called flair than it deserves .
Updates the spirit of blaxploitation without feeling pressed to worship or satirize it .
Nearly every scene is a play on the perception that the accumulation of wealth will bring social validation and self-worth .
Based on modest expectations Next Day Air delivers just the entertainment package it promises -- namely , dumb laughs laced with violence -- and it kinda works .
I admire Benny Boom 's effort ; he wanted to make a movie and did it . One can only hope his next venture in Hollywood will be more original and sharp .
It delivers neither laughs nor chills and offers no visuals more interesting than the Exit signs on the theater doors .
Next Day Air is sort of bracing , though it is n't very good : Its total lack of dramatic and comic bearings , to say nothing of a point , keeps you wondering about the next fatality , in a half-interested way .
Best to refuse this delivery
Consistently unremarkable from its dullsville title on down .
Here 's a project so ill-conceived that it finds room in its cast for the talented Mos Def but then bungles that gift by giving him the smallest role among the principal cast members .
Filmgoers who think outside the artmovie box will discover that the artful and enjoyable Next Day Air offers an episode of 21st-century black American life that August Wilson never got to .
Guy Ritchie never made anything this bad and boring on the worst Madonna-influenced , crypto-Kabbalistic day of his life .
There are no cops , not much farcical energy , and none of the satiric edge it would take to pull off the film 's grim denouement .
I 've seen much funnier films from Mike Epps .
An amusing tail of incompetent criminals .
I barely detected moments that even seemed like they were supposed to be funny , let alone ones that actually were .
I like Donald Faison , Mos Def and Mike Epps - but I really disliked this movie and them in it .
A screwball comedy/splatter flick which might best thought of as a campy cross of Cotton Comes to Harlem and No Country for Old Men .
Forty years from now , this may be fascinating for its relentless early 21st-century ` urban ' slang and attitude . Let 's hope it also seems antique for the idea that guns are as accessible as Kleenex ...
the movie is truly an imitation because it lacks the quality and finesse that this sort of genre usually has
Next Day Air is dumb . Completely , totally and almost irredeemably dumb .
He may be a first-time feature director , but music video master Benny Boom clearly knows how to pull a midlevel movie together . That 's harder than it sounds .
Far from the worst of Taran tino knockoffs , Next Day Air takes the standard formula of dimwits chasing bags of drugs to the ` hood .
An ungainly hybrid of stoner comedy and gangsta drama .
Guy Ritchie called . He wants all of his movies back .
From the violent opening to the nihilistic ending , Next Day Air is so cynical that its few laughs are a release of tension .
Good lord this movie is boring !
Screenwriter Blair Cobbs delivers some good lines , but the inconsistent tone and overacting by some of the lesser actors sabotage his efforts .
First-time feature director Benny Boom and writer Blair Cobbs get a lot of help from their cast , and the banter is often akin to a thug Three Stooges routine . But blood and predictability sour things in the end .
Next Day Air is a stylish movie that smoothly shifts from genial comedy to violent action and back again , almost like a Missy Elliott song cramming together four different snippets that magically mesh .
Stripped of f-bombs and b-words , Blair Cobb 's screenplay could make a fortune - cookie threat . `` You will see a bad movie today . ''
Violence overshadows humor in urban action comedy .
A messy and unpleasant genre mashup that needed at least two or three rewrites before shooting started .
In the end , it 's a fitfully amusing , sloppy comedy that does n't work very hard for your 10 bucks .
Next Day Air is a talentless travesty , a trying torture fest that wants to believe it 's cool and contemporary .
An incessantly talky , inert crime film that 's like a hip-hop poseur , all swagger and mouth but with no real taste for the grittiness of thug life .
Next Day Air is unecessarily violent and completely pointless . One of the worst films of the year .
With a script that snaps and characters that pop , Next Day Air nears neo-blaxploitation perfection .
This is one package that should be returned to sender .
Falls flat as both a dark comedy and action film . It 's often lazy , dim-witted and tedious while low on laughs , verve and imagination .
It 's an oddly lethargic production , heavy in foul language and gun-pointing , but slow-witted and uninspired .
Boom 's comedy is a trap : We like these dudes , and know that while crime does pay , it always takes a deadly cut .
Reprehensible trash that has no business showing up on a theatrical marquee . With no one to care about , nothing to learn , and no place to go , the miserable plot just sits there and rots .
It 's hard to make a movie that ends with blazing guns and dead bodies and still send the audience away laughing , but Next Day Air finds the right drive-in movie tone .
Any shreds of comedy are literally blown away in a violent climax that sees most of the cast shooting at each other , complete with graphic blood spurts .
... an oppressive parade of unsavory and unlikeable losers .
A fiasco . A flop . A failure 's failure . Next Day Air aims low but still misses the target .
Tired gangsta posturing and crude violence , delivered with a complete lack of style .
Next Day Air ca n't decide whether it 's a broad stoner comedy or a gritty Tarantino-esque action flick . The humor is there , but violence brings the laughter to an abrupt halt .
To add insult to injury , the mindless comedy turns into a mindless shoot 'em up . Mark this package delivery refused .
An altogether bumbling excuse for an action-comedy .
A very pleasant surprise , Next Day Air is the rare crime comedy that does justice to both sides of the equation .
This is a movie that mines its plot from the Stone Age -LRB- or is it Stoned Age ? -RRB- of caper comedies .
Winds up seeming less pleasurably anarchic than simply messy and crude .
The thing about a script comprising 60 percent words that rhyme with stitch , spit and mothertruckers is it does n't allow for many jokes .
Air is an interesting misfire , but often an irritatingly erratic viewing experience that would 've profited greatly from a good old-fashioned dose of clear-headed concentration .
An uneasy mix of farcical slapstick and comedy of errors with a violent , blood-soaked tale of inner-city crime .
a rare type of disaster ... putrid
Next Day Air is a bloody screwball comedy , a film of high spirits . It tells a complicated story with acute timing and clarity , and gives us drug-dealing lowlifes who are almost poetic in their clockwork dialogue .
The laughs come easily enough . But the violence and grim finale drag this coke-deal-gone-wrong comedy into a hole it ca n't giggle its way out of .
The filmmakers behind Next Day Air probably have posters of Guy Ritchie and Quentin Tarantino lining their bedroom walls .






@highlight

Rife with half-baked jokes and excessive violence , Next Day Air is an uninspired stoner comedy .