Come Sunday is a rough journey through what happens when you stick to your guns and try to bring a new idea to an old way of thinking .
Real-life story explores faith , spirituality ; mature themes .
It 's worth streaming Come Sunday on Netflix just for the performances
Ejiofor makes the movie worth seeing , full stop .
It 's a story of faith , but also of loyalties , of obtuse and pragmatic people . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite a terrific and dedicated performance from the always great Chewitel Ejiofor this film is like a sermon you never asked for .
Sometimes , the film tells us , there are no good answers . All we can do is sit with our thoughts and do our best to love each other well .
Come Sunday 's faults could perhaps be overlooked if it put in the legwork of examining the implications of its core themes .
Marston 's insistence on presenting both sides of the conflict without bias , hinders the movie from ever fully delving into any true emotion or character development .
As Come Sunday comes to a close , you 'll undoubtedly have more questions than answers , but that is why the film works so beautifully .
It manages to get into those messier struggles of balancing faith and religion . The result is a quietly contemplative character piece , grounded by a characteristically terrific performance from Chiwetel Ejiofor .
The movie itself , overall , feels kind of bloodless .
... a remarkably non-judgmental film about conservative religion .
Ejiofor does valiant work trying to make that enough to justify the film 's existence , and he almost succeeds . But I came away from Come Sunday wanting so much more .
It 's novel to see it come from a progressive rather than conservative perspective , just as it 's refreshing to see an actor of Ejiofor 's caliber rather than , say , David A.R. White .
A thoughtful and enlightening if less-than-dynamic film powered by an exceptional Chiwetel Ejiofor performance .
Director Joshua Marston has found a compelling Pearson in British actor Chiwetel Ejiofor , who disappears almost entirely inside the preacher 's booming cadences and Cosby sweaters .
The movie that 's happening in Ejiofor 's eyes is far more wracked and compelling than the one that Marston shows us through his own .
A moving and intelligent drama about a schism that tore an American church apart , `` Come Sunday '' spends 105 minutes contemplating the nature of eternity .
While Marcus Hinchey 's screenplay is occasionally too blunt , `` Come Sunday '' accords sympathetic moments to all its characters - a strategy that gives this chronicle of religious convictions a conviction of its own .
Come Sunday ca n't shake its middling script and perfunctory direction , both of which iron out the myriad complications brought forth by Pearson 's change of heart .
The burden , beauty and mystery of faith are explored movingly , if not always rivetingly . `` Come Sunday '' may play a little flatly , but its sincerity of purpose remains affecting throughout .
Come Sunday 's narrative does n't have much in the way of emotional stakes , which is exacerbated by the film 's vague sense of character and society .
Buoyed by exceptional performances by Ejiofor , Jason Segel , and notably , Lakeith Stanfield , this is a film that should not be missed .
Come Sunday makes an admirable effort to delve into religious conviction and changes in faith , but comes up feeling too normal and disconnected from those matters .
Those fascinated by crises of faith or stories about religion will find stuff to chew on , but as a feature film it leaves something to be desired .
Like the true-life evangelist that inspired it , `` Come Sunday '' preaches a message of tolerance and inclusivity that could n't be more relevant in a country grappling with its newfound conservatism .
The good news is that -LSB- Chiwetel -RSB- Ejiofor is great even in the scenes that do n't go anywhere . Those who find heaven here on earth in the form of strong film performances ought to commune with Come Sunday . The rest can sleep in .
A mesmerizing contemplation of the clash between rigid dogma and considered reinterpretation .

@highlight

Come Sunday benefits greatly from Chiwetel Ejiofor 's central performance , which is often enough to lift an otherwise uneven drama .