I may have seen something like Black Sea a hundred times before , but the elements hold up , stitched this particular way . If every there was such a thing as submarine movie comfort food , it 's this .
It is a shame Kelly 's narrative clunks and clangs along , because Jude Law is terrific as the salty Robinson .
It 's a tense and watchable tale but without any real surprises , and demands that you drown a little too much of your disbelief .
Black Sea is an expertly crafted genre exercise .
It 's tense , blokey stuff toplined by an impressive performance from a formidably crew-cutted Jude Law affecting an impressive Aberdonian accent .
This is a case where the dangers of the ocean depths prove far less lethal than a screenwriter with a lack of imagination .
Black Sea is a perfectly dutiful , professional piece of work , with several creditable performances , but it 's the sort of movie that does n't have quite enough of any one thing going for it that might eclipse its influences .
Law , I must admit , holds his own , surprisingly , given that he has to command the respect of a bunch of really rough fellows . Konstantin Khabenskiy is very funny as Law 's lead partner-in-crime .
Cliches abound in this waterlogged post-Cold War thriller from director Kevin Macdonald .
Director Kevin Macdonald successfully ties the psychological tension with the physical , using the tight confines of a submarine setting rather masterfully , squeezing each drop of tension and expertly pacing every plot twist in Dennis Kelly 's screenplay .
With stunning underwater visuals , and a story that is engaging enough despite its obvious turns , there may be gold here yet .
The plot does n't entirely hold water ... but Law exudes brawny charisma and helps the film build up a good head of sweaty , claustrophobic tension .
Black Sea is another strongly made drama from British filmmaker Kevin Macdonald and , like The Last King of Scotland and State of Play , is about a protagonist in an untenable situation .
Not much of it is credible , starting with the hiring of a rusty submarine out of Sevastopol , but it has action and adventure to burn , leavened with bits of humour .
Though not perfect , Black Sea is a tense piece of pressure cooker entertainment .
Twelve men in a leaky boat with greed for company and the Russian Navy above them . A shame that none of them are very likeable .
Jude Law completes with Black Sea his transformation into one of the UK 's most imposing screen presences . This , we were not expecting . What next ? Ray Winstone , now out of a job , auditioning for Alfie 2 ?
The hidden treasure genre is full of inventive stories and this is yet another one , a smart screenplay that pushes all the right elements to the fore
The journey begins with high hopes and a sense of adventure but very soon it is the disintegration of the relationships on-board that prompts the fiery unraveling ; forcing life and death decisions , rather than those concerning wealth and poverty
The film disappoints due to its lack of tension and gaffes in realism , which should have been airtight .
You 'll be holding your breath right along with these treasure hunters as their hope for survival grows as black as the ocean depths .
A modest , tightly wound , straightforward story about a dangerous task performed by disposable men under severe conditions .
-LSB- You -RSB- could do far worse than this competently steered , claustrophobic adventure . But better fare exists in the subgenre catalog , and implausibility problems make this movie only partially compelling .
Director Kevin Macdonald and writer Dennis Kelly craft a relentless , claustrophobic nail-biting thriller .
Tension on a run-down submarine is n't perfect , but it 's good enough
I was afraid this would be a case of Robinson quickly succumbing to Ocean Madness and going kill-happy in the submarine 's unfriendly confines .
`` Black Sea '' is shrill and strident - an overall unpleasant experience .
Not one of the all-time great sub movies , but it 's an entertaining ride and a gloom-filled glimpse at the darker side of human nature .
An extremely satisfying undersea adventure with a quality lead performance by Jude Law .
It 's a great setting for putting a group of people under intense mental and physical pressure , one that director Kevin Macdonald and screenwriter Dennis Kelly put to excellent use in Black Sea .
While `` Black Sea '' physically dives deep , the story is shallow , the character 's motivations are irrational and the drama is forced . The star of the film is the old , rickety submarine and the tension only she provides .
Despite leading man Jude Law 's passionate performance , his vessel continuously springs leaks .
Too often , moviegoers must choose between character-driven drama and edge-of-your-seat action . `` Black Sea '' has both , with a gripping performance by Jude Law as their nexus .
Black Sea is a submarine thriller set in the murky depths of exactly where the title says .
By no means a masterpiece , but a solid genre offering , a portrait of desperate men crammed together and surrounded on all sides by what one describes as `` dark , cold death . '' What better way to escape the midwinter doldrums ?
Macdonald is a fine captain himself , particularly when it comes to the more visceral thrills . But he could have stood to cut the screed against the fat cats who line their pockets with dollars earned by the workingman .
It is n't the smartest or most exciting thriller that viewers will have seen but , thanks to a quality cast and a fresh setup , Black Sea is still an entertaining watch .
A conventional underwater boat movie , albeit one that 's well-made enough so that when you turn to each other after the movie and shrug , you mean it in a good way . Sort of .
The script stays on the surface instead of exploring the depths of the material .
Kevin Macdonald 's adventurous thriller is a familiar but exciting descent into absolute madness that is extremely well acted , completely intense , and entirely amusing thanks to its eccentric cast of colorful nut jobs .
I 'm something of a sucker for submarine-movie clichés ; watching this movie , I was happy the very first time I heard a disconcerting ping .
BLACK SEA is a solid , mostly thrilling submarine movie ... with one big flaw
Conventional Hollywood wisdom says one should be wary of any Hollywood thriller released in the first month or so of any year . Black Sea is an exception to that rule .
Macdonald creates a suitable claustrophobic setting for his tale to unfold , and it efficiently does so over the film 's 115-some minute runtime . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Even though `` The Black Sea '' dives a little deeper than needed , it rises above its B-movie roots to become a solid , well-crafted thriller .
Screenwriter Dennis Kelly turns to the old Nazi-sub-full-of-gold chestnut for a thriller that resembles an underwater `` The Treasure of the Sierra Madre '' with a dollop of `` The Caine Mutiny '' and an underlying theme of fathers and sons .
A contemporary submarine thriller that serves the genre well .
As the perils mount , a certain momentum takes hold , though never quite enough to justify taking up two hours ' space in your life .
In the end , `` Black Sea '' is a taut warning about the evil allure of greed . It also makes clear why vacationing on submarines has never caught on .
`` Black Sea '' is no mere exploitation movie . It elevates itself by showing how the men aboard the sub are themselves changed by the lure of riches .
Kelly 's screenplay continually adjusts the stakes , but the changes are the result of decisions made by the characters .
The fundamentals of the story and that irresistibly cramped and isolated setting keep the tension level high .
While `` Black Sea '' is predictable , especially with the almost expected treachery from one `` bad apple '' in the crew , the movie 's tension is palpable , particularly with its extended climax .
While the film does n't cut nearly as deep as -LSB- the director 's -RSB- The Last King of Scotland , it 's nevertheless a suspenseful , taut thriller with political undertones that delivers on its low-key promises .
You walk away from the film with the niggling sense that the story never quite holds your attention the way it should .
Scottish director Kevin Macdonald , who 's best known for the Oscar-winning The Last King of Scotland , knows how to build tension , and his talents are on full display in Black Sea .
A sturdy little adventure , even when it goes enjoyably off-kilter in its last half-hour .
Screenwriter Dennis Kelly infuses all this with a heavy dose of proletarian rage , and Law exudes enough charisma in the lead role to supply the movie with one marginally likable character .
We do n't truly know this skipper , so when crew members accuse him of letting gold fever compromise his sanity , we have no way to tell if they 're right .
There 's an immediacy to a submarine movie like nothing else .
Flawed , but when it clicks together , it does so superbly , giving classic cinema conventions a successful modern spin .
Handled artfully by Macdonald , whose earlier work includes `` The Last King of Scotland , '' Dennis Kelly 's script pulls bits and pieces from `` The Treasure of the Sierra Madre , '' `` The Wages of Fear '' and its remake , `` Sorcerer . ''
The Cold War flavor gives Black Sea the feel of something that might have been made three decades ago .
An old-fashioned sort of submarine suspenser -LSB- that 's -RSB- a mostly enjoyable throwback to macho melodramas of an earlier age .
The film 's patina of richly textured grime lends the film a gloomy , claustrophobic beauty that serves its mood , as well as its satisfyingly misanthropic message ...
Dive in .
Some of the particulars do n't add up , so much so that you do notice them even as the action plows forward . But it 's still a thrilling ride .
Black Sea does n't delve too far below the surface , but it is claustrophobic , compelling and suspenseful .
A lean , mean old school sub thriller that could bring these movies back to the surface .
When it sticks to the increasingly chaotic undersea action , Black Sea is efficient and gripping .
`` Black Sea '' is a good movie ; Law turns in a great performance , and one walks away feeling that the characters and the scenery here are all convincing .
Walking out of the theater , you might well get the bends .
An adept , muscular entertainment that never for one moment lacks for dramatic clout .
It might not be the most original submarine movie you 've ever seen , but do n't be surprised if it ranks among the better ones .
The limits of incredulity are stretched thin , and in the end , though Black Sea is at times an admirable , even memorable film , it could have used a lot more of the sad realism with which it opened .
Worker rage and rebel impulses collide in this tense political thriller , as economic crisis cinema sails into 2015 . Placing the fury of the jobless front and center , and international class connections crossing cultural lines .
Overloaded with narrative cargo , but often fun , if mostly just kinda .
Despite the fact that it 's too long and has a submarine big enough to play basketball in , it still creates a sufficient amount of tension along with a plot twist that make it entertaining . Frankly , though , the plot twist made little sense to me .
Jude Law makes for an effective rogue submarine captain in `` Black Sea , '' a fittingly immersive thriller , tautly directed by Kevin MacDonald .
The story loses credibility as it goes along , as the body count escalates , and Robinson 's solutions to life-and-death crises grow increasingly far-fetched . Well before it ends preposterously , `` Black Sea '' has taken leave of its senses .
A tense , old-fashioned thriller .
What makes the old tropes new enough to be frequently exciting ... is Mr. Law 's portrayal of a desperate man renewing his lease on life , come what may .
Though the characters are at odds , the cast operates in perfect unison .
Law is n't bad , but ultimately , in a situation like this , he 's just too decent .
It 's also an angry class drama ; a portrait of international clashing ; and it 's set aboard not just a submarine but a grimy , clanky , geriatric submarine , which looks ready to rust as soon as it submerges .
Fans of previous submarine thrillers should appreciate the tense nail-biter that Macdonald has created .
Peanut butter and chocolate . Fish and chips . The heist movie and the submarine picture . These things go together so perfectly that it 's a wonder they were ever apart .
It 's in the second hour that this boat really gets rocking : Macdonald has torpedoes of conflict firing in every direction .
Black Sea loosely rejiggers history to allow for a fantastic-sounding story-and treasure-to be pursued in a tightly wound twist on the common heist film .
Director Kevin Macdonald uses the Das Boot-like claustrophobia for maximum tension , then deadens the thrills with flashbacks . Ah , jeez .
Basically another tough genre workout that is all too familiar , with enough tension and violence to keep an audience alert if not riveted .
Black Sea is so almost-terrific that it 's ultimately more disappointing than a movie that 's merely badly or carelessly made .
It may be a tad predictable , with a bit of a slow start , yet it is a worthy effort from the director giving the modern heist movie a bit of a twist .
The kind of movie that makes you hold your breath when things get tense . How long can you hold yours ?
Shallow , swamped by cliches
A semi-waterlogged confluence of the submarine and heist sub-genres which seeks to evoke a testosterone-soaked , 1970s feel .
Really , though , everything else about Black Sea is in service to several big suspense setpieces , and here , the film cuts loose , concocting marvelous scenarios for enormous stress .
A parabolic film about a middle-aged man who decides to fight back after being reduced to being a nobody .
Even with its modes in patchwork style , Black Sea generally holds your attention for most of its nearly two hours .
Black Sea presents a unique twist on heist movies , and while the human drama may feel a bit clunky , the sum of all parts moves nicely from start to finish .
Gripping , smart and genuinely thrilling , Black Sea elevates itself above most other thrillers by how wisely and well it brings you down to the depths alongside its crew .
As much as the film is primarily a genre workout for director Kevin Macdonald , the script makes room for a tough-minded , psychologically corrosive depiction of vengeance .
The chilling and tense ambiance is not enough to save this feature from its generic tendencies .
Whether as an adventure tale , a thriller , or a morality play , `` Black Sea '' never quite makes a compelling enough case for its existence .
Black Sea may not be a groundbreaking drama , but it 's an effective genre thriller that grapples with real world issues and offers another interesting challenge for Law - accent and all .
Director Kevin Macdonald creates some great scenes of subaquatic tension , but Law 's Aberdonian accent makes Groundskeeper Willie sound authentic .
There 's more than a hint of The Treasure of the Sierra Madre about this Dennis Kelly-scripted thriller , which does a grippingly efficient job of trapping its audience amid the pumping pistons and clanging pipes of its inhospitable setting .
No serious fan of below the waterline thrills should miss this boat .
After the criminally underappreciated How I Live Now , Kevin Macdonald kicks back with a terrific submarine thriller marinated in Eau de MacLean .
Law does a great job as the resourceful and relentless Robinson .
When the most convincing thing about a film is Jude Law 's Scottish accent , you can be sure it has problems .
Despite rugged craft and a seaworthy ensemble , Kevin Macdonald 's low-key submarine thriller never quite sparks to life .
An underwater heist of Nazi loot ? Awesome . Submarine movies do n't get much better than this intensely suspenseful popcorn adventure .
Black Sea is well-crafted and handled with reliable professionalism by its Oscar-winning director Kevin Macdonald , even if it does ultimately tend towards the predictable .
There 's also a neatly cruel twist , midway through , plus a general drive to undercut band-of-brothers clichés . The Russians - initially cast as primitives - develop in interesting ways . The same goes for Law 's character .
While this submarine adventure starts out as a brainy thriller with superior production design , it eventually gives in to the demands of the genre : silly plotting and corny melodrama .
The director Kevin Macdonald does a very good job in capturing the claustrophobia and fear that a submarine crew feel as a mission goes wrong .
Take 12 men . Fill their heads with tales of lost Nazi bullion . Seal them in a rusting , secondhand Russian submarine . Submerge beneath the Black Sea . Allow contents to come to a nice , rolling boil .
The way enmities quickly escalate is a little bit of a stretch , but otherwise this is a smartly handled , old-school adventure , as Law 's beleaguered captain struggles to keep control both of his men and his wayward , leaking vessel .
Looking for comfort food in a movie season stuffed with supposed gourmet fare ? Sometimes a good old-fashioned sub will do nicely .
Ticking all the boxes required of the genre , it 's well up to movie sub standards .
Though it perhaps inevitably lives in the shadow of some subgenre masterpieces , Black Sea is a superbly shot men-on-a-mission thriller with chest-tightening tension and a striking contemporary resonance .
This old-school , undersea chiller starring Jude Law offers a sophisticated and moving study into the evils of greed .
A confused mishmash about greed , madness , violence and sentimental redemption .
The disappointment of Dennis Kelly 's script , and also Kevin Macdonald 's direction , is how arbitrarily the onboard drama develops .
Here 's a submarine thriller that delivers on tension but does n't get too deep .
Law nails the Aberdeen accent and makes for a commanding presence as he tries to keep his bickering men focused on the mission at hand .
Old-fashioned storytelling values and zeitgeisty relevance make for a worthy addition to sub-aquatic cinema 's nerve-juddering legacy .
It 's well shot , tense and solidly entertaining . But watertight it definitely is n't .
Though a contemporary story , it plays out like an old-fashioned dramatic-thriller , and while lacking standout action sequences it sustains itself thanks to atmosphere and performances rather than special effects and grandstanding sequences .

@highlight

Black Sea may not be particularly deep , but thanks to Kevin Macdonald 's judicious direction and a magnetic performance from Jude Law , it remains an efficiently well-crafted thriller .