A pretty terrible movie with a nonsensical plot ...
Has a more genuine SF premise behind it than most of today 's so-called sci-fi offerings ...
send your 15 year old to see it first and then prepare you for it
An animated film without a hint of anima .
E-Mail This Article to a Friend KAENA : THE PROPHECY Words of wisdom : `` You do n't need wings to be free ! There 's another world with a blue sun and so much sap you can swim in it ! '' Maybe it sounds better in the French version .
The monsters are derivative , the attempts at humor are mostly feeble and the story , in the end , lacks a certain je ne sais quoi .
Derivative and aimless filmmaking by directors and ` writers ' who know only how to craft eye candy .
The animation in Kaena is so ham-fisted that it distracts even from the fairly tedious story .
The images are opulent but the story 's an incoherent bore .
My prophecy is : Kaena will play better on an X-box than at the theatres .
Simplistic writing and one-dimensional characters do in this animation film .
While the animation is awesome , the storyline is out-of-this-world confusing .
There are moments in Kaena that are absorbing , but too much of the time it simply becomes tedious .
Augurs well for dazzling visual work but struggles mightily on the storytelling front .
If Kaena 's alternate universe is n't nearly as fully realized as Fantastic Planet 's , the 3-D imagery is often gloriously turbocharged .
It 's a valiant effort , if not quite successful .
A creamy-colored yet derivative sci-fi fantasy with a few rip-offs so blatant ... that even kiddie fans not yet mentally agile enough to make sense of the loopy plot could pick them out .
With George Lucas ' lawyers eager to justify undoubtedly Jabba-sized retainers , writer-director Delaporte may want to start the tie selection now for his court appearance .
Its target audience will more likely watch this on DVD than in theaters ... -LSB- but -RSB- only the desperate will find Kaena entertaining .
The ending makes little sense , the characters are badly sketched out , and we ca n't really figure out what the hell is going on .
This film 's lavishly beautiful animation is as sophisticated as the story is solemnly dopey .
The film 's plot , themes and dialogue are markedly less inspired and original than its imagery .
Feeling for all the world like an extended video game made by teenage boys with no girlfriends and a lot of free time , this sci-fi fantasy does n't exactly make sense , but it sure looks cool .
A technically impressive if narratively muddled CGI science-fiction opus in the vein of Final Fantasy .
Despite several striking images and a high technical polish , this picture is just generic fantasy .
The folks who go in for this sort of Asimov-ian blather will probably contort themselves reading allegorical meaning into it all . The folks who do n't will drift off to sleep .
It 's a standard science-fantasy fable , but the visual effects are mighty impressive .
With its hasty computer rendering and thin stew of New Age mysticism , Judeo-Christian messianism , and Dungeons and Dragons geekism , Kaena is better suited to a smaller , more forgiving aspect ratio .
Stunning eye candy but little by the way of a fresh story .
However startling Delaporte 's images are , not only do they lack emotion , but a theoretical and philosophical foundation as well .

@highlight

Though Kaena : The Prophecy is visually inventive , its story is incoherent , derivative , and dull .