Assayas depicts a culturally and politically vibrant era made and lived through by intelligent , sensitive beings taking full advantage of their moment .
Après mai grows larger , and closer , in the rearview .
Lissom-limbed , dreamily topless girls puffing Gitanes and arguing life and art with bed-headed boys - this is exactly what you 'd expect and most likely want of a French art-house film .
The experiential form of the film evokes the sense of submergence in a time , with the 60s soundtrack swelling in and out with the ebb and flow of their drives .
A film about fading out , about how youthful passions dissolve over time .
Something in the Air is a splendid title for a one-of-a-kind film -- a political mood movie that 's more revelatory and exciting than almost any political melodrama .
While I recognise the truthful and splendid depiction , like the characters whose lives are depicted , I found the journey frustrating and difficult
Assayas 's splendid autobiographical feature is about a young man who refuses to turn his back on the radicalism of the '60s
Accumulates a heady , almost trippy power , like the often lengthy psychedelic recordings by the Soft Machine and Kevin Ayers heard on the soundtrack .
So brilliantly directed , you 'll feel like you are really there .
Revolution is less an action with direct purpose than a way of life in Olivier Assayas ' heady , conflicted ode to the anarchic spirit of May 1968 .
Something in the Air is not a film for all tastes , but it brings back a crucial part of the last century , touches on experiences we 've all had at some time and is performed with delicacy , sincerity and conviction by a splendid young cast .
Assayas films it with a kinetic camera that follows his young protagonists through halls and stairways as they look for themselves . It 's an assured film about rocky beginnings .
This sharply well-made French drama tackles an offbeat chapter in history with real skill , although the densely populated screenplay and fragmented approach to storytelling makes it difficult to engage with .
What ultimately makes this film stand out is the way it captures the painful dawning experienced by all human beings that neither youth - nor you - are eternal .
It treats the characters with respect and a tender regard for an idealism that maturity seems unlikely to sustain .
A coming-of-age drama which boasts delicious camerawork , a perfect soundtrack and fascinating insights into the importance of cinema . It 's desultory to a fault .
A wispy picture , likeable certainly but lacking in crispness and clarity .
Assayas captures a season in the lives of a group that envisioned themselves as bearers of truth ...
The hectic theories that have spiritual and erotic dominion over these young people and compel an elaborate network of secret meetings feel astonishingly inert .
The tumbling , seemingly aimless narrative ... gives it the unmistakable feel of what the French call a film à clef .
Works with a light touch , but leaves a surprisingly lasting mark .
This might just be Assayas ' masterpiece .
The ideas get lost in the nostalgic , elegaic glow , but that glow is nurtured expertly .
It 's essentially a series of black-out scenes tracing the lives of young activists who grow and change before our eyes . And while filmmaker Assayas and his fine cast convey that beautifully , they never properly engage us .
A nostalgic and thought-provoking coming-of-age drama with a terrific soundtrack to boot , though some may find the relative lack of plot frustrating .
Something in the Air is somewhat too ambitious within its aims , fitting too much in to its two hour running time .
Free of nostalgia and not overly critical in hindsight , it captures the immediacy of youth in hugely endearing fashion .
The characters exist more as poster children than fully formed individuals , but somehow that seems beside the point .
Every kid believes the world around him is changing in ways it has n't before ; for these kids , it really was . Or had .
A pitch-perfect period setting ca n't compensate for the presence of the lithe but terminally listless leads .
Assayas ensures that nostalgia and cynicism are kept at bay , keeping us aware of the doubts and insecurities of youthful characters .
Part of Something in the Air 's charm is that director Olivier Assayas looks at this tumultuous time with a sense of understanding and empathy .
The pretty actors and counterculture nostalgia kept reminding me of Bernardo Bertolucci 's The Dreamers . This is a much better film , infused with Assayas 's characteristic love for the freshness of nature and the eagerness of youth .
Worth seeing for what it says of the turbulent state of France in the early 1970s , when Mr. Assayas was a high-school student in Paris ...
A clear-eyed - if largely plot-free - memory play from writer-director Olivier Assayas , whose previous films have veered from the bizarre -LRB- `` Demonlover , '' `` Boarding Gate '' -RRB- to the poignant -LRB- `` Summer Hours '' -RRB- .
The film looks good and captures the period feel of the time but the characters/actors fall far short of these qualities .
Depending on your tolerance for nostalgia , `` Something in the Air '' is either a bracing flashback to the 1970s wave of student radical fervor or a lengthy ride with some singularly self-righteous and naive troublemakers .
The storytelling is wispy but , short of time travel , it 's as close as you 'll get to be a young French radical in the 1970s .
Fans of Assayas 's `` Cold Water '' and `` Summer Hours '' will appreciate the fluid camerawork that snakes from room to room in some of the most seductive adolescent party scenes ever committed to film .
The whole film , though it kicks off with a riot and a firebombing , soon acquires a listless and guttering air ...
Assayas has gathered a large , mostly inexperienced cast to create a mural of mood , a time when idealism was paramount , at least until the members of a political group begin to drift into their own destinies .
It looks great , it sounds great ... it 'll inspire a hundred magazine photo-shoots , and it 's got plenty of substance .
Emotionally resonating . Assayas has a keen eye for period detail and atmosphere .
Befitting a movie that 's deeply autobiographical , Something in the Air has the vivid details of someone 's memories , but it also has the shapelessness too .
Ought to interest anyone who has a soft spot for 60s/70s radicals , the French , rock n ' roll , sex , long hair , dancing , painting , Pompeii and saying ridiculous things like `` should n't revolutionary cinema employ revolutionary syntax ? ''
Filmmakers turn out routine coming-of-age stories in their sleep . Something in the Air is made with such precision , clarity and sweep that it redefines the genre .
Assayas does n't bring out the fiery best in this material , but he 's smart enough to know that revolutionaries like their comforts as much as the ruling class does .
In creating a mashup of a Paris rocked by political storms and a young man in just as much turmoil , the director has given us a glimpse of an imperfect moment and an imperfect life in a slightly imperfect but wonderful film .
It does capture the high emotionalism of a very specific point in a person 's life , where the magnitude of the injustices around you is surpassed only by the firm belief that you and your friends alone know an easy way to end them .
-LSB- It -RSB- has the aroma of an autobiographical confession by someone for whom life has n't been overly difficult .
Mr. Assayas 's method is observant and immersive . His camera moves among young bodies like an invisible friend , and his somewhat messy narrative is propelled by fidelity to feeling rather than by the machinery of plot .
It 's a terrific film , wonderfully atmospheric and alive ...
Viewers who did n't live through the period may not find them evocative . But this movie is about the choices that turn children into adults , and the attempt to balance conflicting enthusiasms .
Assayas looks back on youth with both the generous affection and wry clarity of adulthood .
The film often plays like a nostalgic doodle , gliding aimlessly from one classic-rock-scored encounter to another . But then , that meandering quality is part of the appeal ...
Even if you do n't respond to binge-reading Situationist texts or making bad art in cigarette-strewn studios , there 's a universal story here-a social network of friends and a cause that yields to end-of-summer realities .
Olivier Assayas 's gorgeous , freewheeling , semi-autobiographical Something in the Air is an ode to both youth 's universal qualities and the specifics of Assayas 's youth in particular .
Made with the bittersweet clarity of hindsight and the assurance of a director in peak form , Something in the Air is Olivier Assayas ' wise and wistful memory-piece on the revolutionary fervor that suffused his young adulthood .
Olivier Assayas has made a distinctive and nuanced film about the much-chronicled post-1968 years of radical European politics , as well as providing droll insight into his self-discovery as an artist .
This is a real time-machine trip into the past and to Assayas ' credit , rarely has a movie done such an intelligent and thorough job of it .
Assayas ' `` Almost Famous , '' it 's enormously entertaining for anyone who has lived long enough to realize that self-discovery is the only truly radical idea worth pursuing . ''
Authentic autobiographical detail is what makes Something in the Air sing .
Other films have more effectively captured the tumult of France 's student uprisings ; this one falls short .
Though one of Assayas weaker films , it 's still worth watching as a personal film about a tumultuous era in French history .
Assayas ... is working in a distinctly minor key here .
A top-notch semi-biographical drama about French writer and director Olivier Assayas 's quest for the best route to self-expression in 1971 .
Olivier Assayas 's film is content to comfortably coast along the directionless courses charted by its characters .
The director 's semi-autobiographical reflections on youthful protest movements in France 1968-71 are filled with much talk , insufficient action .
A subdued portrayal of youthful idealism , even with surging hormones

@highlight

Insightful , solidly acted , and smartly filmed , Something in the Air skillfully captures the idealism of youth without falling back on cheap nostalgia .