It is the cinematic magic and the sense of joyous fun that makes `` Star Wars '' a very special film .
A boy 's adventure yarn in the most traditional , unabashedly entertaining sense .
Oh , the astronomical audiences ; oh , the mundane story ; oh , the over-cute little robots -LRB- one fat , one thin -RRB- ; oh , the vapid actors , the galactic shootouts ; oh , the brilliant technology and oh , the boredom of it all .
Star Wars is , indeed , a movie that dares to be different , not only in setting , but in theme at a time when imagination has surrendered to realism in motion pictures . If you do n't enjoy Star Wars , you are not as young at heart as you think you are .
It 's a `` fun movie '' , as they say . Meaning that it does n't mean anything , it 's a superior , pop plaything to play with , to be innocently enjoyed and thrown away like a four-dollar comic book .
I have n't had as much fun at a movie in years . With its technical wizardry , high-velocity storytelling and spirited good humor , Star Wars dazzles the child in us .
`` A New hope '' is very important on a historical level and in terms of technological innovation , but it is also a great adventure and fantasy story ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For two hours and one minute it takes you on a `` heavenly '' romp . Do n't miss it .
A hell of a drug , the kind of movie that seems almost purposely designed to convince all but the most jaded members of its audience of the expressive power of the medium .
It 's a near timeless milestone in cinema that lives up to its legacy as a simple , exciting , and fun science fiction fantasy .
Star Wars is nothing short of pure unadulterated entertainment , something that has been sorely lacking in a great majority of recent films .
Tender loving care abounds in the production ... The casting is great , with the inexperienced giving it a naivety that is essential to the story , and the veterans a rock-solid identification with evil -LRB- Cushing -RRB- and good -LRB- Guinness -RRB- .
An epic intergalactic masterpiece .
... a stirring introduction to such legendary figures as Luke Skywalker , Han Solo , and Princess Leia .
It must be nice to be able to spend $ 8-million to fulfil your childhood fantasies . George Lucas has that much money because of the tremendous success of his last movie , American Graffiti , and he spent it both wisely and well on Star Wars .
Filmmakers have tried for decades , but they ca n't make a better space saga . It 's the perfect stand-alone science fiction film that 's only rivaled by its darker sequel .
George Lucas , who brought us those memorable kids in American Graffiti , is back with Star Wars -- a film that would captivate the Mel 's Drive-In crowd as well as enchant the kid in all of us .
It 's a throwback to that more innocent kind of film , where you know who 's good and who 's bad , where you boo the villain and cheer the hero ... The movie makes fun of those clichés , but director George Lucas must love them too , because he makes them work .
Star Wars is not a film to be written about , it 's an experience . It 's that rare experience for both adults and kids that shortchanges neither . Go -- and enjoy .
The special effects and technical achievement are the greatest ever . Lucas and company have created an unusual and diverse universe and put it before our eyes.Not once is there a feeling of unnaturalness or fakery .
The film was made with obvious relish by everyone involved , and it guarantees a mindlessly happy two hours to all who take the time to see it .
Proves anew that ticket-buyers young and old in this jaded era will still respond to a strong and simple story about good versus evil with the good guys winning .
Lucas 's ingenuity is reaffirmed by Darth Vader 's every asthmatic exhalation , by Princess Leia 's cinnamon-bun chignons .
If anybody wondered where Lucas has been since the release nearly four years ago of American Graffiti , the answer is at hand . Star Wars ... is the most exciting picture to be released this year -- exciting as theater and exciting as cinema .
A gigantic , lavish , brilliantly executive old-time movie comic strip .
-LSB- George Lucas -RSB- has brought us his spectacular universe , giving new life to war stories and knight tales . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Star Wars -RSB- will undoubtedly emerge as one of the true classics in the genre of science fiction/fantasy films . In any event , it will be thrilling audiences of all ages for a long time to come .
It is the best such film since 2001 , and in certain respects it is one of the most exciting ever made .
It is competently if not brilliantly mounted , moderately exciting and charmingly capable of poking fun at itself ... It 's a lot less patronising than most Disney films and toweringly better than the other blockbusters around at the moment .
Enormous and exhilarating fun for those who are prepared to settle down in their seats and let it all wash over them .
George Lucas 's science fiction adventure is an exhilarating update of Flash Gordon , very much in the same half-jokey , half-earnest mood , but backed by special effects that , for once , really work and are intelligently integrated with the story .
Heavy SF readers will recognize each character , every situation by its stock number and almost feel the affection Lucas has for them . There is not the tiniest sniff of cynicism anywhere in this film .
The view of outer space is a marvelous one , awe-inspiring in its beauty , and the artists and designers who did the work ... deserve as many plaudits as can be thought up .
A mind-blowing spectacle that sends the audience off onto the wondrously strange world of fantasy and satisfies just about everyone 's adolescent craving for a corny old-fashioned adventure movie .
Endlessly imitated but never rivalled , this opening instalment of George Lucas 's original space trilogy dresses up the timeless tale of good versus evil with ground-breaking special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters .
Some of Lucas ' scriptwriting is clever , a hip updating of the stilted language of the old Flash Gordon serials . Also , the film is dotted with weird-looking creatures who might have stepped out of the pages of a Marvel comic book .
There 's no breather in the picture , no lyricism ; the only attempt at beauty is in the double sunset .
George Lucas , who made American Graffiti , has put together a sci-fi film that draws on any number of associations . Star Wars is both amazing and familiar .
All in all , it is an outrageously successful , what will be called a `` classic , '' compilation of nonsense , largely derived but thoroughly reconditioned .
Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids .
Star Wars will do very nicely for those lucky enough to be children or unlucky enough never to have grown up .
Like it or not , Star Wars is a seminal movie that began a whole cycle of sci-fi works and also launched the careers of many actors and craftsmen .
First of a sci-fi phenomenon , # 4 in the series .
This friendliness is the key emotion in this clean , clever , entertaining movie by a gifted and developing artist . It 's a feeling that crackles in the sensational special effects .
Lucas consegue imprimir energia à direção e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente icônicas , mesmo que , aqui e ali , seus péssimos diálogos comprometam a experiência .
It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell , but it maintains strong central characters .
After Star Wars , movies not only spawned profitable kids ' toys ; they merged with kids ' toys , and basically became toys themselves .
It has shaped our imaginations , our inner worlds . The series may be over at last , but the Force will be with us always .
A grand and glorious film that may well be the smash hit of 1977 , and certainly is the best movie of the year so far .
On the basic level of simple entertainment it succeeds as well as any film ever has .
So , is this the best film of all time ? Certainly not . But it definitely is one of the most enduring , and it 's hard not to be seduced .
A magnificent film . George Lucas set out to make the biggest possible adventure fantasy out of his memories of serials and older action epics , and he succeeded brilliantly .
Star Wars is enchanting in the most literal sense of the word . It 's pure comic strip fantasy , to be enjoyed even more by nostalgic adults than by wide-eyed youngsters .
Easily the best movie in town this summer and perhaps destined to be the best of 1977 .
Has distinct limitations , but the current return to a cinema of spectacle and wonder is wholly encouraging .
Puts most recent ` epic ' blockbuster mediocrities to shame .
One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone 's collection .
Lucas ' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its mechanical precision , but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder .
... the key to the movie 's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in .
The movie , modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell 's writings about mythology , also has a sweet innocence .
classic
The special effects wizardry seen in Star Wars is put in aid of a pure 1930s space opera pulp story ...
Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his , once again , on that giant , silver screen .
What 's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film . It 's an enormous summary of characters , styles , and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history .
Gloriously directed by George Lucas , this mind-bending space fantasy incorporates Flash Gordon , 2001 , Planet of the Apes and 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea and tops them with enough ingenious special effects .
Like many people from my generation , Star Wars is not just a favorite film , but an almost spiritual experience from childhood .
It works , because it is now what it was then : a triumph of the imagination .
I ca n't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made , and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most .
a lot of fun , but not a movie that particularly rewards repeated watchings ... once every 20 years or so is n't too often .
It is , all in all , hard to think of a place or an age group that would not respond to the enthusiastic inventiveness with which Lucas has enshrined his early loves .
This film was a cultural turning point and continues to be .
Simplemente , y hablando de la cinta : The Force will be with you , always .
Despite being over-hyped , over-marketed , and fairly flawed , Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made .
a communal experience , best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people
-LSB- Star Wars -RSB- is the most elaborate , most expensive , most beautiful movie serial ever made .
Like some indefatigable King of the Hill , it stands alone and triumphant , regardless of the many imitators that assail its position .
If you want to see the movie that made mild diversion for ten-year-old boys the model of commercial filmmaking , ruling out nuanced characterization and emotions that last longer than 20 seconds , this is where to look .
Lucas fills his screen with loving touches ... Seeing the film the first time , I was swept away , and have remained swept ever since .
A dynamic entertainment , efficiently and exuberantly setting up its mythic tale of heroes and villains , rebels and rogues , princesses and monsters , good and evil .
Backgrounds in some sequences are now more populated than they were , and it 's fun to see all the creatures that make up the `` wretched hive of scum and villainy '' that Alec Guinness ' Obi-Wan Kenobi describes .
The spirit of Buck Rogers lives on as writer-director George Lucas continues to pay homage to that gentleman of the 25th Century in a wow of a sci-fi film .
George Lucas has made the kind of sci-fi adventure movie you dream about finding .
That '70s schmaltz is innocent and pure -- and seemed better untainted by modernization .
Star Wars remains a cinematic benchmark and a greater fantasy than its countless imitators of the past 20 years .
It speaks to the child in all of us !
Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning .
A classic American tale !
A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart .
This is the phenomenon that saved 20th Century Fox .
With its naive romanticism , its simple fable of youthful innocence triumphing over evil , its look back at classic narrative mythology , Star Wars is an exhilarating ride into cinematic fantasy , unlike anything that the cinema has made since .
There is n't an adventure film to match it in terms of archetypal characters , gripping plot and fantastic film `` world '' .
I was and still am fascinated by the hinted at but never fully developed chemistry between Luke and Princess Leia .
Star Wars -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , -LRB- aka Star Wars - Episode IV : A New Hope -RRB- is one of the most popular , profitable , entertaining , and successful science fiction/action - adventure films
Twenty years later , George Lucas ' loved saga of the war between good and evil in a distant galaxy returns in digitally enhanced and augmented form .
A combination of past and future , Western and space odyssey , myth and dream world , Star Wars may be the most enduring piece of escapism ever put on film .
All in all , this movie is a classic .
The wild ride that helped change the face of modern moviegoing , and is every bit as entertaining today as it was 20 years ago .
A pop-culture landmark !
It 's easy to see why Star Wars held such an appeal to the kids and adults of the late 1970s .
Compelling backstory , exciting action and pleasantly archetypal characters .
George Lucas 's legendary 1977 science-fiction epic still packs an entertaining punch .
Darth Vader and his James Earl Jones voice is a bad egg no matter how much we know about his screwy upbringing .
A thrilling experience .
It is almost as if Lucas took recognizable characters from myth and legend and then emptied them of meaning so as not to distract his audience from his spectacular sets , monsters and special effects .
It 's all very impressive , though I think I 'd probably appreciate it a little more if I had n't literally grown up on Star Wars and its sequels .
This special edition re-release really drives home the differences between seeing a movie in the theater and seeing it on video .
If it was candy for the eyes and the heart , it was heroin to the central nervous system .
About the dialogue there 's nothing to be said . In fact the dialogue itself can hardly be said : it sticks in the actors ' mouths like peanut butter .
Star Wars is a junkyard of cinematic gimcracks not unlike the Jawas ' heap of purloined , discarded , barely functioning droids .
It is my contention that the original Star Wars is , on its own , a good film and the best of its series .
As much as it changed the people who watched movies , however , it changed the people who made movies even more .
-LSB- An -RSB- essential part of contemporary culture .
Watching this movie will help you relive your childhood , or help make new memories with your own kids .

@highlight

A legendarily expansive and ambitious start to the sci-fi saga , George Lucas opened our eyes to the possibilities of blockbuster filmmaking and things have never been the same .