The documentary will certainly appeal to kids with its colour , movement , clarity and humour . Adults , meanwhile , will take pause at the knowledge that the food industry has exploited our hard-wired love for sweet things to sell us unhealthy products .
It will change the way you read food labels and detain your trolley in the produce aisle where it 's safest .
Quirky documentary about food industry engages , educates .
Gameau ... inserts a bit of journalism into the mix with two road trips that elevate `` That Sugar Film '' beyond a semi-vanity production .
While `` That Sugar Film '' is filled with powerful and what should be downright alarming information , it also suffers from distracting bouts of cinematic candy coating .
Damon Gameau copies the Super Size Me model for an investigatory experiment -LSB- with -RSB- more style and pizzazz and inconsistency .
That Sugar Film 's message is one well worth hearing , there are better , more informed messengers out there .
The food-doc shelf is crowded with good-for-you movies , including `` Fed Up , '' `` Fast Food Nation , '' `` Food Inc. '' and , yes , `` Super Size Me . '' `` That Sugar Film '' is a worthy addition , entertaining while informing .
Gameau , like a certain beloved British nanny , recognizes the value in a spoonful of you-know-what helping the medicine go down .
Peppy and eager to please , this relentless Australian documentary takes a strange approach to early death and unnatural appetites .
Fun to watch , if a little too cutesy for my tastes .
Although Gameau 's film includes a fair amount of science , he and his helpers sweeten the film 's statistics , delivering them in clever , accessible ways .
This is a film like a highly sugared treat , the intellectual equivalent of empty calories .
Gameau builds his case well , and by the end of the painfully dorky musical number , you may be swapping your smoothies for berries and plain , full-fat yogurt .
Glib but sometimes entertaining and informative recounting of everything we know about why sugar is bad for us .
One senses that all of these kinds of documentaires are finally aggrandizing shrines made by artists trying to erect something out of nothing .
In its substance , the film is an effective call for individuals to reduce sugar intake while exposing the places those sugars may reside .
With its peppy , pop style , complete with silly , colorful special effects and animation , this documentary should prove accessible to school-age viewers , who might profit the most from its frank information about sugar 's effect on their minds and bodies .
-LSB- Gameau -RSB- does have an undeniable way of grabbing your attention , and it 's a lack of that that seems to be half the problem when it comes to our sugar-packed diet .
It 's important to probe the Western world 's overconsumption of sugar , but Gameau 's attempts to do so while being hip and fun feel condescending and trite .
There 's really nothing fresh in terms of news or science about sugar 's potential for addiction , obesity and disease .
Move over Morgan Spurlock : two months of sugar -LRB- 40 tsp daily -RRB- is as bad as a month in Mickey D 's .
Gimmicky but making a valid and useful point .
Sugar makes you fat . That , predictably , is what the young Australian film-maker Damon Gameau discovers for himself from his own expanding midriff in this engaging , Super Size Me-style doc .
This funny and enlightening exposé of how unhealthy ` healthy ' processed food actually is is shocking , even if you 're already down on corporate food .
That Sugar Film is Super Size Me for nitwits .
Even ignoring the documentary 's more obviously imitative aspects , this is far too gimmicky to persuade viewers to put down their soft drinks and pay more attention when reading the ingredients listed on packaging .
Spirited but unconvincing stunt documentary about the perils of a high sugar diet .
There 's ... something annoyingly glib and oversimplified about the argument , and Garneau with his Smeg fridge and smug affect grows more irksome over the course .
A film that does n't quite blow the lid off the sugar bowl , but ought to keep pop-science fans sweet .
The inventiveness sweetens up his message so that it is likely to hold the interest of teenagers as well as adults , giving it the potential to be a great educational tool .
I know I 'll be looking at food packaging labels a little more closely from now on .
While one never expects this experiment to turn out well , the results are still alarming .
a lively and eye-opening documentary on a subject that needs as much attention as it can get ... That Sugar Film attacks its subject from every conceivable angle .
Simply put , Gameau 's one-man experiment is not rigorous enough to prove anything at all , however striking his results seem .
In a sprightly , highly entertaining tear-through of the sugar load embedded in so-called health foods , Melbourne actor Damon Gameau does a Morgan Spurlock by submitting himself to 60 days of increased sugar to match the average of 40 teaspoons a day .
A great documentary , a great night out , and a great eye-opener . You 'll never look at an ingredients list the same way again ...
My main problem with this documentary , which Gameau says is a quest for definitive answers , is that it is so one-sided .

@highlight

That Sugar Film is slick and entertaining , even if it settles for a surface look at a subject that could benefit from a far deeper exploration .