The result is a mess . But it 's a beautiful mess , and one that I would n't want you to miss for the world .
Watching Christopher Nolan fall short is still more exciting than watching most other directors succeed .
Nolan 's refreshing love affair with self-determination goes too far .
... visually spectacular , complex , and both intellectually and emotionally stimulating ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Visually striking , with an impressive cast ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Christopher Nolan 's spectacular film is filled with frustration , anger , and guilt , and also strives for acceptance and even redemption .
Eye-popping visuals , an ambitious narrative , and a heart-racing soundtrack ; one of Nolan 's best
Interstellar is why we go to the movies .
This intergalactic extravaganza is clearly in a class by itself .
Big Ideas served in a movie that is ultimately unsatisfying .
With all the rampant think pieces questioning the probability of every science fiction film that comes out , it 's comforting to across a movie that does n't really claim to have any of the answers .
Interstellar is a beautiful , irritating , awe-inspiring mess . It 's the kind of movie Hollywood simply does n't make any more - and that 's exactly why you should see it .
Nolan does -LRB- to his credit -RRB- and his failure to engage us as fully as he intends ... takes us to infinity and beyond , but it 's likely you cared more about Buzz Lightyear than you will about anyone in Interstellar .
It 's flawed , certainly , but its vision is undeniably appealing and ultimately the film 's saving grace .
A film made with meticulousness and ambition , that achieves its tasks both narrative and visual with singular efficiency and grandiloquence that never feels forced . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Naturally , Nolan 's desire to unite high and low culture does n't always pay off , yet even when he gets pretentious , I do n't hate him for it . Better a filmmaker who fails while overreaching than one who has a hit with Transformers .
Interstellar , though ambitious and thrilling at points , is too complicated and does n't reach its full potential .
Interstellar has more of absolutely everything : more plot , more -LRB- stupid -RRB- words , more acting and much more bad acting -LRB- Anne Hathaway -RRB- than nearly all the year 's films put together , as well as the most idiotic storyline of the decade .
It is a wondrously beautiful movie , with intense sci-fi sequences , a solid and talented cast , and even some thought-provoking ideas . This is not one to be missed .
Christopher Nolan is incredibly good at making science-fiction movies for people who think they do n't like sci-fi .
Interstellar never feels overly long despite its almost three hour running time . It also packs an emotional wallop , if you let it .
It 's his ` White Album , ' overlong and overwritten , corny and self-important , and also a great movie . And yes , it can be all of those things at once .
Can we fly a spaceship through a galactic wormhole to Saturn ? We have n't even put a man on Mars yet ! It 's another 342,077,666.43 miles from Mars to Saturn ! Fuggeddaboudit !
Perhaps it would have been wiser to trim back on several of the ideas and present a more cohesive , not to mention coherent , story .
Interstellar feels like a collection of arresting moments and ideas that do n't quite hang together .
The result is a flawed but highly engaging experience that is as frustrating as it is astonishing .
A blockbuster that 's profound , poignant and exhilarating .
Too literal-minded , too conspicuous to leave us with a sense of doubt and apprehension .
At nearly three hours , Interstellar occasionally makes us feel that we , too , have been transported to a planet where time stands still .
A dynamic left-right combo of spectacle and heart that efficiently covers over the screenplay 's various cracks and crevices .
Interstellar needs to be seen on the biggest screen you can get your eyes on for maximum impact .
When the essential property of film forces us to believe in an illusion , -LSB- Nolan -RSB- has become the least-spiritual director in contemporary cinema .
This epic film will still leave its mark on our collective memories , for it succeeds in affecting us . However , a bit of humor and humility would have been appreciated in this journey , which takes itself far too seriously .
I ca n't remember an apocalyptic film that 's taken less interest in this planet as it 's destroyed .
This is a film rife with mistakes that even a rookie director would n't make . How this ended up being made by Nolan blows my mind .
This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen .
-LSB- Interstellar -RSB- is a mighty science fiction epic built upon seriously shaky science . Yet that 's hardly the point when this strives so hard , so achingly , to be profound . And very nearly is too .
Interstellar may be a failure on a story level , but Nolan 's visual virtuosity is still enough to take your breath away and root you to your chair .
Let 's be plain . Christopher Nolan has made a lopsided soufflé of a film , but one with such fine ingredients you can hardly complain about the shape when you 're enjoying the taste .
Interstellar dares it viewers to come along on a perilous adventure that is immersive , impressive , and intelligent .
Nolan is a well-appointed mainstream fabulist who uses a great deal of money and technology to no great artistic purpose .
... after building up the drama of personal sacrifice , it feels too much like a cheat no matter how many endings are tacked on before the credits ...
It 's just a really weird film , the strangest and most misguided fake-Spielberg picture since Super 8 .
This is a film where complex concepts of quantum physics and powerful human emotions are inextricably intertwined and the ghost that haunts the farmhouse has both a scientific explanation and a sense of supernatural power .
Visual splendor does not entirely make up for failures in plotting and characterization .
Interstellar is a frustratingly flawed film that reaches for the stars but winds up lost in space .
Interstellar is chockablock with philosophical ideas , visual effects and theoretical physics from Nolan and his brother , Jonathan , who co-wrote the script .
Interstellar is a grand gesture in every way . And yet , it 's Nolan 's most humane film to date .
For all the themes intended to rocket our minds into a futuristic escape plan , it 's too overloaded with hopelessness and bent logic to get off the ground .
Nolan is one of the few directors with the ambition to tackle big topics -- like the fate of humanity or our need to explore -- and the artistic clout to bring that vision to a mass audience .
There are many words to describe Interstellar . Entertainment is n't one of them .
This sort of hammering , a determination that you 'll `` get it '' , distracts from Interstellar 's effort to transport .
Though the family ties do n't quite hold , Interstellar gives us an epic of space travel as desperate necessity , at a time when its science fiction hits perilously close to home .
You 'll feel the cold on the Hoth-like ice planet . It 's pure movie magic -- impressive and astonishing and deserving of all the out-of-this-world hyperbole . Too bad the rest of it is mostly empty space .
While it definitely feels as though Nolan over-reached and under-edited , there 's enough eye candy and emotion to keep you from being bored .
This is a Nolan film , so nothing is simple -- or quick to the point . At nearly three hours , the film piles on the twists , wonky physics , heartfelt speeches and pseudoscience .
Watching Nolan 's latest attempt to create something artistic , intelligent and entertaining on such a massive scale , I could n't help but think that with `` Interstellar , '' he 's outsmarted himself .
`` Interstellar '' is flawed , but has the kind of scope that makes going to movies fun .
I urge you to stop seeking out information on this film , and instead wait until this Thursday and see it , on the biggest screen within reach . You wo n't be sorry .
McConaughey and his co-stars do a terrific job of underplaying the tech-nobabble and selling their individual moments ... and Nolan 's trademark big-picture confidence propels Interstellar through its near-three-hour running time with breathless style .
You go in to Interstellar hoping to be mind-blown , thrilled , and smartened-up . Although it 's beautifully made , brainy and sometimes insanely gorgeous , you may find yourself wondering what the big whoop was all about .
As undeniably ambitious and technically accomplished as it is bloated , ponderous and ludicrous , Interstellar finds Christopher Nolan struggling in the shadow of Kubrick , Malick and other visionary filmic philosophers .
It 's an enthralling , provocative , ambitious film .
Interstellar 's themes are universal and some of the dialogue really resonates too .
I learnt a lot about wormholes and , while I can be entranced by the idea of saving the human race , I want a little bit of drama to go with it .
This is not only a tremendously exciting space adventure ... It 's also a rich and thoughtful meditation on time and space and gravity .
`` Interstellar '' is a grand undertaking , but in shooting for the stars , it loses its footing . It goes to infinity and beyond , when infinity would have been plenty .
That the universe contains phenomena eons beyond us while at the same time intimately close is a beautiful concept and Interstellar seeks to orchestrate its own moment of revelation .
Interstellar is a visual feast that explores the universe and an intimate drama that explores why love and devotion are qualities that make the human race worth saving .
There 's a certain clumsiness to Nolan 's longest and most personal film , a kind of earnest self-seriousness that opens it to parody and snark . But at its center beats a human heart .
It 's a fairly s -- y science-fiction movie , but as a metaphor for love it 's kind of great .
Having set out to be a journey into what can hardly be depicted at all , Interstellar must find oblique ways of suggesting further imperceptible dimensions of the real . It is worth the journey to see what Nolan has constructed as a model of the unknowable .
Jessica Chastain deserves Best Supporting Actress consideration for her work . One of the most beautiful films I have ever seen .
Big on ideas and concepts but falls apart in the 3rd act .
A graceful , stirring epic and while it may not set new standards for the genre , it does give today 's audiences a reminder of what visionary filmmaking looks like .
A remarkable achievement in filmmaking that will have you on the edge of your seat
Despite some awkward pacing , easy sentimentality , and pandering it 's still hard to resist . It 's not just Nolan 's ambition that should be admired . He actually pulls off scene after scene of unforgettable drama in colossal scale , both in space and on Earth .
After the first hour , with its poignant depiction of humanity 's decline , Interstellar always seems to be rebuilding its momentum , offering plenty to think about but little to hold on to .
Ultimately , Interstellar shoots for the stars but barely gets us past the soundstage .
Christopher Nolan 's latest exercise in devising narrative lines that run laboriously in different locations and on multiple timescales to no great effect , other than to tell you that love will find a way .
The sentimentality and Hollywoodized convenience of the storytelling prevent this mostly admirable film from achieving the escape velocities of Kubrick or Tarkovsky .
-LSB- O -RSB- nce our explorers pass into another galaxy ... things take on a new dimension of banality and the film , however magnificently conceived in visual terms , becomes just another space adventure .
A bombast-and-crisis megamovie , rocket-fuelled by gobbledygeek . The pummelling of plot turns and ratcheting of emotion-wrenches rarely relent . Forgets that we mere humans do n't yet possess infinite patience for hyper-epic hokum .
It 's a film I did n't exactly enjoy and ca n't say I would recommend . And yet as an event , as a singular movie-watching opportunity , it 's undoubtedly worthwhile .
nothing if not grandly ambitious , and while that ambition is certainly admirable , especially in an industry choking on increasingly interchangeable big-budget franchises and starving for original ideas , it is also part of the film 's downfall .
There 's no denying that director Christopher Nolan 's challenging space odyssey is exquisitely made . He 's one of painfully few filmmakers whose every effort fills me with a sense of awe .
A combination of spectacular special effects , marginal physics and grindingly slow treacle , McConaughey pulls this one out of the fire .
The movie is complex and maddening , filled with concepts over the heads of most mere mortals , yet grounded in barely enough humanity to stimulate our senses .
Some of what ensues in a galaxy far , far away is gripping , but other sequences are prosaic .
Interstellar contains its fair share of heart-in-mouth moments , the previously untapped corners of space providing ample opportunity to mine fresh spectacle .
The pace is gripping , the central performances compelling and the action sequences thrilling .
Good special effects and acting but I did n't understand one bit of the plot . It is all Geek to me .
The spectacle is far more satisfying than the story ... Gorgeous , infuriating , exciting , confusing , stirring , boring , it 's the film that 's got it all ! Totally worth your twenty bucks . Whether it 's worth three hours of your time will be up to you .
Not your usual Christopher Nolan film . It is epic , has a sharp-eyed view of the future , and characters with real human emotions . I really like this ambitious , thought-provoking , uplifting film .
There 's something weirdly touching about the movie 's corny proclamations , because they contrast so sharply with the hell scapes Nolan keeps showing us .
With Interstellar , Nolan builds on the high-concept blockbuster template forged so impressively by his 2010 work Inception .
While the ride is a bumpy one and the destination is a bit of a letdown , getting there is a trip .
Interstellar is much like space itself - a beautiful , promising void .
The spirit of exploration and discovery lives in Interstellar and that alone makes it a cinematic trip worth taking .
There is no sound in space , but ` Interstellar ' blasts its music , hammers in three voiceovers its centennial birthday boy Dylan Thomas message , and overstays its welcome .
An unsatisfying blend of Gravity , 2001 : A Space Odyssey , Solaris and The Collected Poems Of Dylan Thomas .
Even more mind-blowing than his ` Inception , ' Christopher Nolan 's ` Interstellar ' emphasizes the importance of love in a science-fiction tale .
If a movie is outsized in its ambitions to an absurd , awe-inspiring degree , how much credit does it get for only making it , oh , 75 percent of the way there ?
If it 's spectacle you want , then Interstellar delivers , particularly when viewed in Nolan 's preferred 70 mm Imax format .
It 's an experience .
Cornpone existentialism ... Overlong , talky and , depending on the crisis , either dopey or pretentious ... a New Age-y , fuzzy-headed sci-fi ` er that borrows liberally from Kubrick , ` Contact ' and Nolan 's own `` Inception . ''
After stretching the boundaries of incomprehension with Inception , a narrative arc that challenges yet remains accessible is a welcome relief .
This is probably the most audacious science fiction film anyone has ever made or even tried to make .
` Interstellar ' is really great science fiction . It tugs at our heartstrings while exploring our humanity , and at the same time it blows our minds with the wonders and complexities of intergalactic space travel .
I 'm not too proud to admit I could n't follow the convoluted storyline ... Think , a remake of Gravity with a bunch of polysyllabic brainiacs borrowed from The Big Bang Theory .
What makes Interstellar one of the best , most enthralling , intelligent and moving science-fiction films of modern cinema is not so much the inter-galactic journey it takes you on as the emotional journey .
Nolan 's attempt at trumping Kubrick 's ultimate trip falls short because it lacks the old master 's laser-like focus and magnetic solemnity .
It intelligently and in a masterful cinematic way weaves together a story that explores both the cosmic world and the real world .
The general feeling I 'm left with after seeing Interstellar -LRB- is -RRB- a sensation of indecision .
Ultimately , it is human emotions not quantum physics that propels Nolan 's movie to its destination .
While -LSB- ... -RSB- imperfect in many ways , the whole proves to be far more than the sum of its parts .
Heartfelt Story , Great Visuals , Science Overkill
It 's deeply flawed but also wholly absorbing , and it marks Nolan as one of our most ambitious , go-for-broke directors , unafraid to attempt Sistine Chapel ceilings while his fellow filmmakers are working with Crayolas .
The combination of NO green screen , incredible practical effects , Zimmer 's score and a solid emotional core makes this Nolan 's most complete flick to date . I had major nerd tears ! See in 70 mm IMAX film !
Leaving aside the flaws as film -LRB- underdeveloped characters , etc. -RRB- , it is worse as a message . Deriding agriculture and hyping space exploration is even more fascist than `` The Dark Knight Rises '' .
Christopher Nolan can do whatever the hell he likes . He 's earned that right now . And if he uses that clout for films like Interstellar , we all win .
Whenever Christopher Nolan has something to say , it pays to listen .
Its strengths are as gargantuan and overpowering as its mighty flaws , and just as impossible to miss .
Ambitious and inspired visually , thematically and emotionally , Nolan 's space odyssey may not complete its mission , but its shot at the stars is no less awesome .
This film is meant to be Nolan 's 2001 : A Space Odyssey , but he 's tilting at windmills here . Still , Interstellar is worth seeing .
For all its sci-fi trappings ... Interstellar comes down to one thing , and one thing alone : the notion of following your heart . Yes , it really is that simple .
Interstellar may be a preposterous epic , but it is an epic nonetheless .
The film is confident enough to take us on a thrilling adventure witho ut resorting to huge action sequences , in which the spectacle is delivered on an intergalactic scale , but from a very human point of view .
Ambitious intergalactic drama focuses on a father 's promise .
The Nolans plant some actual characters onto that landscape , but it 's too arid for anything interesting to grow .
Not Christopher Nolan 's best film by a long shot , yet also proof that ` not Christopher Nolan 's best film ' is still better and more thrilling than many directors ' finest work .
Interstellar is an imaginative movie , but a heavy-handed mix of personal sacrifice and theoretical physics does n't leave much room for subtle storytelling .
If humanistic pop science is a religion , then Christopher Nolan is its high priest and Interstellar its rapture story .
Interstellar is thrilling to watch across its moments but ultimately unmemorable ; I feel it slipping away from me even now .
Dazzling , frightening and thrilling . Pure cinematic magic . But the philosophical points presented - love and survival - are contradictory .
In Christopher Nolan 's Interstellar , sci-fi fans are treated to a true cinematic anomaly : an impeccably crafted slice of escapism driven by scientific concepts that fascinate and thrill in equal measure .
Interstellar is as cinematically epic as it is dramatically intimate .
Marrying the brains of `` Inception '' with the epic splendor of `` The Dark Knight , '' Christopher Nolan 's `` Interstellar '' asks vastly important brain-scratching questions , inspires your forward thinking and treats you to one hell of a mind-altering thrill ride .
Interstellar is escapism in its purist form .
Interstellar is a marvel of congruency from the opening shot to the final frame .
Nolan 's Vision Exceeds his Grasp .
Nolan lays out a narrative path between Odysseus , Albert Einstein and Buck Rogers , then paints it with bold cinematic brushstrokes inspired by the masters-Stanley Kubrick , Steven Spielberg , John Ford .
Interstellar is not a terrible movie , it 's just such a chore .
This majestic film retains a human heart .
It is dazzling to look at , properly intelligent , and , when you can follow what 's going on , profoundly thought-provoking .
Christopher Nolan 's movie about time has time troubles of its own . It 's too long and drags to a convoluted climax . However , getting there is riveting and worth the trip .
As emphatically as Nolan writes PROSE PROSE PROSE PROSE PROSE , in the largest possible font , it never verges into poetry .
Fails to trigger much in the way of awe and emotion , at least not the obviously manipulative kind . Nolan 's ambition does n't match his material this time around , leaving the picture strangely inert as it seeks to dissect the heavens .
Fails to launch ...
While it has some problems , Nolan aims higher than most filmmakers would dare attempt and comes oh so close to creating another undeniably classic space masterpiece .
Forget about what it means and just go for the mind blowing , heart wrenching ride .
Lacking a sense of awe or of the astronomic passage of time , `` Interstellar '' provokes more `` huh ? '' moments than it does `` ah ! '' moments .
Interstellar is sufficiently grand and challenging to bear comparison with those two touchstones of mind-bending epic sci-fi : Kubrick 's 2001 : A Space Odyssey and Tarkovsky 's Solaris .
Much as Nolan 's characters often fail to reconcile their grandest desires , so , too , does Interstellar fall short , particularly in its trying-to-have-it-all finale . But , damn , if we should n't applaud Nolan for aiming big .
A movie that feels like being tangled up in a pile of infinitely-unfolding some-assembly-required instructions in the watching , full of dialogue that 's like the recital of a How To manual .
Interstellar is beautiful , dazzling and astonishingly loud , but , alas , it is remains something of a mess at the level of the script
Nolan , a director often accused of coldness , finally got all mushy when he went to outer space . I ca n't solve that equation , but I 've enjoyed trying to scratch it out .
Interstellar must be seen in a movie theater because of how powerful it is visually . It is audibly the best film to be released in theaters this year . But you ca n't help but feel like it 's all slightly too convoluted for its own good .
Christopher Nolan outdoes himself with this thrilling , and emotionally moving . sci-fi drama that has echoes of 2001 but carves out its own gripping story by smartly focusing on the human element so often missing in this genre .
Christopher Nolan 's 168-minute odyssey through the space-time continuum is stuffed with stuff of bewildering wrongness .
Nolan creates overwhelming , often breathtaking suspense in a number of sequences .
Uma obra inquestionavelmente problemática .
What the neg-heads are missing about Interstellar is how enthralling it is , how gracefully it blends the cosmic and the intimate , how deftly Nolan explores the infinite in the smallest human details .
A science-fiction -LRB- heavy on science -RRB- adventure steeped in Einstein 's theory of relativity that is equal parts enigmatic , exhilarating , elaborate and emotionally wrenching .
Stanley Kubrick had the right idea . When making a philosophical space epic steeped in scientific theory , do n't explain everything . Be bold but be vague ; fewer corners to back into that way . And do n't let Hans Zimmer do the music .
A thought experiment writ large .
Interstellar tries to ground its corn-pone mush in quantum theory and paper over its planet-sized plot holes with enormous vistas and the most egregious use of Dylan Thomas ever committed to screen .
Boldly swinging for the rafters and face-planting half the time , -LSB- Nolan is -RSB- uncharacteristically willing to embarrass himself here . There 's a lot to admire in that .
Brainy blockbuster maestro Christopher Nolan heads into deep space with this epic adventure , which is packed with thoughtful ideas and big emotions even if the plot wobbles badly in the middle .
Nolan has created nothing less than his own personal 2001 : A Space Odyssey , a mind-expanding , imagination-challenging excursion into alternate galaxies where we skip through the fourth dimension and plunge headlong into the fifth .
Mostly , Interstellar is super-dull and super-annoying and super-dumb because it posits itself as a film of many big ideas when it does n't even possess a single decent one .
If Nolan were as deft a director when the action dies down , Interstellar might be a formidable work . But his film has a lot of dialogue , pages of the stuff , explanations and exposition , none of it overlapping with recognisable human speech .
Interstellar is an entertainment disaster for reasons that have dogged our films since they began : ridiculous story ; implausible segues ; laughable dialogue ; the absence of character , drama , and command .
You never know what 's coming in Interstellar . It stokes and maintains a sense of anticipation often missing in Hollywood blockbusters intent on being formulaic and thus global audience-friendly .
In space no-one can you hear you scream , but they can certainly see you cry . Never before have I seen more blubbering in a movie than director Christopher Nolan 's Interstellar .
The best thing about Nolan is that he inspires you to think magically . The worst thing about him is that he requires you to , since his convoluted plots do n't work without it .
There is something exciting about a film that tries to fill your mind and then blow it , even if it 's only filling you full of hot air .
Christopher Nolan 's epic is visually stunning and offers some ingenious ideas on time and space as it plays on our darkest fears about the end of life on Earth .
Interstellar surprises you with a high ratio of scenes of people sitting around tables -LRB- sometimes on board spaceships -RRB- to moments of flight or danger .
You thought Gravity was an immersive lost-in-space experience ? Just you wait .
At its best , the film is illuminating in the way that `` Contact '' was , at its worst it 's dull , pedantic and overly expositional the way `` Contact '' was .
What many had hoped would be Christopher Nolan 's 2001 : A Space Odyssey is , instead , 2014 : An Exposition Odyssey .
Christopher Nolan 's sci-fi epic is a beautiful , ambitious , ultimately flawed film about nothing less than the survival of the human race .
A grandiose , audacious , exciting , sentimental , impassioned , philosophical , metaphysical , dense , epic mess . And you probably need to see it .
Interstellar is terrible , wonderful , sensational , thrilling , imbecilic . In any order you want .
If only the plot and the corny , exposition-heavy dialogue - where characters speak in fortune cookie - could hold up to the cinematography .
The film 's self-seriousness is , in fact , its great ally : the conviction with which Nolan directs prevents us questioning the absurdity as it unfolds .
In the age of shopping-centre cinema , Christopher Nolan builds cathedrals .
With its intellectually stimulating ideas and profound emotional ballast , Interstellar makes a solid impact , albeit without the Wow Factor
... it 's the best science fiction movie you 're likely to see this year , and quite possibly one of the best films period .
... way too long ... The first two hours are tolerable , but the ending requires an advanced degree in theoretical physics to understand , and even then I would think it would be ludicrous .
The most brilliant editing of the year revs you up as it interlaces the apex of story lines , and then explodes into a giant orgasm of emotional and physical movie making only to roll over , light a cigarette and stop paying attention to you .
Interstellar can be pretty fun when it wants to be . The trouble is , ` fun ' has never been atop director Christopher Nolan 's list of priorities .
Never has a nearly-three-hour blockbuster enthralled me in the way that Interstellar did .
Christopher Nolan 's Interstellar is desperately reaching for Stanley Kubrick 2001 greatness and achieving Robert Zemeckis mediocrity in Contact . It 's no small bit of irony that both films star Matthew McConaughey and his southern drawl .
Interstellar may be a blockbuster spectacle but it 's also a puzzle that bends the laws of space and time to create different kinds of links between images , like Nolan 's early hit Memento or Shane Carruth 's recent Upstream Colour .
-LSB- Nolan 's -RSB- most ambitious movie ends up in the least satisfying way of his nine features , but the ride up to that point has taken us to a more interesting destination than four-fifths of the pictures coming out this year .
Nolan 's gigantic exercise soars and sinks
Interstellar is not perfect , but it 's the bold , electrifying and provocative cinema with rocket scientist smarts and a sentimental heart .
Often fascinating , sometimes thrilling , sometimes tedious , but always strangely aloof , despite its best efforts . The movie 's easy to admire , hard to love .
`` Interstellar '' feels like someone else 's film , a Spielberg retread .
Illustrious of vision but even grander of ideas , `` Interstellar '' is majestic science-fiction done right . Mostly .
By the closing credits , it seems possible that Nolan himself hails from another planet , and while he has tried diligently to show humanity in a flattering light , he lacks enough inside information to get it right .
The film is at its best when it 's unafraid of challenging storytelling , particularly since Interstellar never has trouble finding visuals to match its heady concepts .
It 's almost impossible to resist recommending Interstellar , but it 's equally tough to deny a galactic sense of disappointment .
A roller-coaster for the mind and spirit ... Twenty years from now we may think of it as a classic , even if it takes a bit of time for it to sink in .
There 's clear ambition here , but no direction ; emphasis , but no meaning .
This is n't Nolan 's best movie , but his ambitions and trust in the audience keep getting bigger . He 's one of Hollywood 's few true remaining visionaries , and he 's only getting warmed up .
You can certainly respond to its craft , but its attempts at emotional depth and cosmological profundity fall short .
Love is what 's really between the stars , y' all .
The story does n't hold together very well , but most viewers will be more interested in the movie 's state-of-the-art visuals , which do not disappoint .
-LSB- Nolan 's -RSB- new picture is his biggest : biggest event , biggest spectacle , biggest pastiche , biggest disappointment .
Twice as long as Gravity and half as good .
A lot of sound and fury , signifying not much .
From the grand master of films about the mysteries of human nature , a disappointing exploration of family , science , and human survival .
An intense epic that seeks to deliver both an `` experience '' and a movie . In my book , it succeeds on both counts . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents Also Available -RRB-
A spectacle of outrageous proportions , Nolan 's creativity has reached new levels with this latest achievement .
Ambitious , provocative , thoughtful , and highly entertaining -- all things considered -LRB- believe me , ALL things are considered -RRB- , it holds together very well .
That 's the essential question facing the viewer , whether Nolan 's mission is a success because it takes us farther than most filmmakers could , or a disappointment because it does n't quite make it all the way .
It 's frustrating because there 's so much to look at , so much money well spent in every frame , but `` Interstellar '' wears out its audience long before it ends .
an ambitious film , but it 's difficult to get swept up in its sweep .
There are genuinely spectacular and tension-filled scenes , none more so than when the crew is confronted by massive waves . We have come to expect jaw-dropping effects like this from Nolan .
Interstellar is a unique , sometimes enthralling , often thoughtful piece of filmmaking from one of our best directors .
... a unique film to be sure , and one that is probably best experienced on the largest screen available .
Comes closer to mimicking the feel and structure of 20th-century hard sci-fi in the Arthur C. Clarke mode that just about any other movie .
It 's ambitious and not entirely successful but there is a lot to like about `` Interstellar . ''
For a movie about transcending all manner of dimensions , `` Interstellar '' ultimately falls surprisingly flat .
It 's a mass audience picture that 's intelligent as well as epic , with a sophisticated script that 's as interested in emotional moments as immersive visuals . Which is saying a lot .
Even a cool cat like Christopher Nolan can cough up a furball - and with his sci-fi adventure Interstellar , it 's blockbuster-sized .
At 165 minutes feels both rushed and overlong .
if , haunted by a past that keeps overtaking it , this apocalyptic odyssey lacks the driving momentum of , say , The Dark Knight , there are enough ambitious ideas and awe-inspiring aesthetics in it to keep the patient viewer engaged for the long haul .
The human qualities that can corrupt the perfect science experiment , it 's heartbreaking yet life affirming . We will ultimately triumph over cold science precisely because of , not in spite of , our humanity .
Nolan has always been a director who loves big , big ideas , but one occasionally gets the sense that he would almost rather make a movie of the characters explaining those ideas to one another with flow charts and diagrams .
The parts of Interstellar that do n't work -- a third act -LRB- out of four -RRB- that descends into suspense-movie silliness , an increasing reliance on mystical mumbo-jumbo -- struggle against the many parts that do .
The climax contains some tangled magic . If you 're not exhausted by almost three hours of intergalactic lecturing , you may even be able to feel it .
While it 's not a perfect movie by any means , it 's a grand accomplishment of sorts .
What good is that adventurous spirit if Nolan does n't trust the audience enough to see it through to the end ?
It 's rare for a film to deliver a scene of such emotional power that the hardened critic is fighting back tears . It 's even less common for a celluloid image to have that effect . Interstellar does both .
Nolan tries to pair the cosmic esoterica with this father-daughter tussle , but the mix does n't jell . Visionary movies require a bigger vision .
All the talk of Kubrick and 2001 is light years off the mark : Interstellar is the kind of space odyssey that has only shameless , monolothic entertainment on the agenda .
The movie sucks you into its orbit and promptly shuttles you to the event horizon of the unknown , where the only thing you can really do is appreciate the scenery and hang on for the bumpy ride .
It 's an amazing achievement that deserves to be seen on the biggest screen with the best sound system possible . Nolan has crafted Interstellar as a movie theater experience . Watching it at home , no matter how good the sound system is , wo n't match .
A knockout one minute , a punch-drunk crazy film the next , Interstellar is a highly stimulating mess .
`` Interstellar '' may not be Nolan at his best , but it 's still Nolan , and there 's much to be said for that .
This is epic cinema that begs to be compared to `` 2001 : A Space Odyssey . '' But unlike Stanley Kubrick 's psychedelic joyride , this journey is powered by a human heart .
If your interest in prolonged discussions of the space-time continuum fades , composer Hans Zimmer will boost the already booming organ soundtrack up to 12 .
Interstellar is an experience . Nolan 's vision of our galaxy , and galaxies beyond , is daunting , majestic ; the hardware of space travel looks right , almost familiar .
I think I saw a kitchen sink flying through space .
The plot here is not as much the problem as Matthew McConaughey 's mumbling . At times it 's as if he 's auditioning for a dinner theater version of Brokeback Mountain .
Whereas 2001 is enigmatic and ethereal ... Interstellar is far more prosaic and pedestrian ... Still , it has moments of bombastic brilliance , an often moving performance from Matthew McConaughey , and , boy , at its best , is it something to look at .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is a film with the weight of space , time , and humanity on its shoulders . It is unafraid of stumbling and soldiers forward with the conviction of its audacity .
Interstellar is the most ambitious , intelligent and daring space epic since Stanley Kubrick 's masterpiece , 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
It 's hard to talk about certain elements without giving away some of the film 's secrets . Let 's just say the ending would be laughable if it was n't so incredibly bad .
Despite its many virtues , Interstellar feels as if it does n't quite hit the target .
The film offers grand visuals , including a bizarre-beautiful key scene in a location I could n't describe if I wanted to .
Christopher Nolan 's film , about a trip to deep space to find a habitable place for humans to live , does n't always live up to its ambition , but then again , its ambition is huge .
To this point , I have enjoyed many of Nolan 's films but Interstellar 's script is terribly inconsistent .
Interstellar is one of the most ambitious films in this genre that I 've ever experienced .
Shows that long does n't mean epic and serious does n't mean deep .
`` Interstellar , '' full of visual dazzle , thematic ambition , geek bait and corn -LRB- including the literal kind -RRB- , is a sweeping , futuristic adventure driven by grief , dread and regret .
An intellectual and technical feat , this undeniably ambitious Christopher Nolan movie reaches for the stars and reaches them more often than not .
It may not be the best movie of the year , but it surely is the most breathtaking .
With Interstellar , Christopher Nolan has fallen into a trap that has caught many before him : the pitfalls of autonomy .
This is a film of great ambition and vision , from a filmmaker who takes risks and gets out of his comfort zone in search of a new way to tell his story .
Audaciously ambitious and awesome , it 's a speculative , mind-bending sci-fi adventure through the celestial space-time continuum .
Overstuffed and sometimes undercooked , it still manages to envelop you in worlds and situations you 've never seen before . . with human feelings that ca n't help but move you .
Christopher Nolan 's head-spinning blockbuster Interstellar is a super-charged `` what if ? '' SCI-FI that treats outer space as a giant intellectual and philosophical playground .
It 's far from Christopher Nolan 's best work , but those rare moments when Interstellar is firing on all cylinders make up for its often inert characters and shaky sentimental storytelling .
Much like his hero , Christopher Nolan 's goal seems to be to take the humor and wildness out of imagination , to see invention in rigidly practical and scientific terms .
A soulful , must-see masterpiece , one of the most exhilarating film experiences so far this century .
`` Interstellar , '' a spectacular , redundant puzzle , a hundred and sixty-seven minutes long , makes you feel virtuous for having sat through it rather than happy that you saw it .
Even as `` Interstellar '' becomes a beautiful mess , its wannabe-deep impact will hit everyone differently . We need far-reaching artists like Nolan , since , as they say , Earth without art is `` eh . ''
`` Interstellar '' deserves credit for aiming for the stars , but the hard realities of filmmaking and storytelling pull it right back to Earth .
The most intellectually ambitious sci-fi film since `` 2001 . ''
An impressive , at times astonishing work , and one of a handful by Nolan that overwhelmed me to the point where my usual objections to his work melted away .
INTERSTELLAR might not be Nolan 's best film , but it 's certainly his most ambitious .
This is a long film that 's constantly worried about time passing , but it 's not self aware enough to turn that into a joke
For a film completely drenched with sentimentality about faith , hope and human-kind 's resolve , `` Interstellar '' is at times as cold and lifeless as a vacuum .
The mix of wonky physics , mysticism , and genetically modified corn is so clunky it 's ... fabulous .
The script comprises stiff scientific discussion , clunky exposition and cinematic clichés and , frankly , it all gets a bit silly .
It 's not only full of great visuals and big ideas -LRB- albeit ones that are sometimes a little confusingly expressed -RRB- but that it 's a movie about human perseverance .
The final stretch may be just a little too hard to swallow . But fans of smart , spectacular sci-fi will still gulp down this astonishing trip through the cosmos .
Space in your face . Beautiful , beautiful space . An awe inspiring journey across the cosmos that travels to the heart of humanity ; flaws and all .
As the rare director whose singular vision is buoyed by infinite artistic freedom , Christopher Nolan would be derelict if he did n't take gargantuan risks . It 's good for us that he does .
Dramatically awkward and visually ravishing -- often within the same sequence -- Interstellar is director Christopher Nolan 's ninth and most ambitious film to date .
Thrilling intellectually and viscerally , full of stirring notions of what humanity is capable of , and full of hope . A wonderfully refreshing sort of SF .
As space operas go , this may yet be accounted one of the classics : dream material even .
In the end you can only applaud its sheer sense of scale , drama , excitement and willingness to take that extra step .
Interstellar begins to feel more like those disaster movies that Irwin Allen used to make , bulging with enough star wattage to keep our eyes on the screen and not rolling to the back of our heads .
Whatever his strengths may be , Nolan lacks the human touch .
Whereas most science fiction withers out in space , `` Interstellar '' rockets home .
The most mind-bending movie of 2014 contains a third act that will be pondered and debated for at least as long as the finale of Stanley Kubrick 's ' 2001 : A Space Odyssey . '
Tthe film falters at minor points as the script creaks under the weight of its own ambitions but there are a great many moments in this film where it transcends its genre conventions and achieves a pure cinematic profundity and sense of overwhelming awe .
I can imagine , in some other galaxy or dimension , a more exciting Interstellar , one that is more coldly curious about all that lies beyond human perception .
A movie I snickered at more than once but never stopped staring at in wonder .
It 's a sometimes poignant , but more often pandering , ode to American exceptionalism .
Packs a mighty emotional wallop to make it as much a stirring experience , as it is a visually and intellectually stimulating one .
Nolan 's complex story , his most visually pleasing genre piece and arguably his most complex film to date .
Brainy , barmy and beautiful to behold , this is Stephen Hawking 's Star Trek : a mind-bending opera of space and time with a soul wrapped up in all the science .
Double-domed and defiantly serious , Interstellar is a must-take ride with a few narrative bumps .
Nolan reaches for the stars in spectacular fashion , delivering a mesmerising sci-fi epic that , despite a testing running time and few too many flights of fancy , is grounded by an on-form McConaughey .
The vaulting ambition and shoot-for-the-stars bravery of this latest film from the director of The Dark Knight and Inception is to be admired , but its attempt to cover life , the universe and everything in nearly three hours is rather enervating .
Nolan 's aesthetically beautiful , large-scale sci-fi drama is admirable in its ideas and style , but lacking in its storytelling and execution .
Some of the parts of this mega-fantasy are awesome . The sum of all parts ? Not so stellar .
Interstellar is an imperfect film , but like its central characters , aims about as high as one can . The ambition , execution , and craftsmanship are all to be admired .
The story is ever-ambitious , sometimes riveting and thought-provoking , but also plodding and hokey and not as visionary as its cutting-edge special effects .
So few blockbusters have an IQ over 50 . It 's important to celebrate this one , even if it comes up a little short .
Not every film need address the possibility of human extinction with the gung-ho silliness of Armageddon , but at least that was a space adventure . This is a science report .
Love or hate Interstellar - or fall , like me , into a wishy-washy middle ground - you will feel like you 've been on a grand journey by the end .
Nolan thrives in the limbo between logic and emotion .
I was moved by Interstellar , and there are stretches where it is as good and as pure as anything Nolan 's made .
It combines abstruse ideas about gravity , matter and time with old fashioned , hyper-charged family melodrama .
The movie is most powerful when it 's at its least abstract .
Interstellar would be a stunning piece of cinema if you were n't supposed to think about it .
Reaffirms Nolan as the premier big-canvas storyteller of his generation , more than earning its place alongside `` The Wizard of Oz , '' `` 2001 , '' `` Close Encounters of the Third Kind '' and `` Gravity '' in the canon of Hollywood 's visionary sci-fi head trips .
What pulls you in is its hugely confident architecture as a piece of storytelling - its brave fictitiousness . Nolan comes very close here , one might almost say agonisingly close , to forging his masterpiece .
Never less than engrossing , and sometimes more than that .
An emotional powerhouse when it is n't hokey , and a stunning spectacle when it does n't get bogged down in plot logistics , `` Interstellar '' binds its strengths and weaknesses into a riveting whole .
A spine-tingling blend of brains and heart , a high concept sci-fi opera that 's as unafraid of cerebral ideas as it is of heart-on-sleeve emotion .
May represent an apotheosis of sorts , as it illustrates the very best and the very worst of Nolan as a writer-director .
Nolan 's love letter to space travel and the exploration of the stars may require some patience , but it offers an incredible emotional payoff along with its visual spectacle .
It 's a movie designed for people who watched the bedroom sequence in 2001 : A Space Odyssey and wished there was more exposition about who built the room , how , why and what thread count was on that bed .
Nolan 's `` Interstellar '' spends hundreds of millions to take the audience on a journey to the farthest parts of the cosmos ... so they can be told sentiments as close , and as cheap , as any of the offerings at your local Hallmark card retailer .
A two-pronged blockbuster comprised of smarts and sentimentalism like nothing else out there .
Interstellar is not quite a success . I ca n't insult those involved by grading on an admiration-based curve .
A masterful sleek vision of the future , Nolan 's epic is a vigorously entertaining piece that stands as one of the best experiences of the year . Immersive , but admittedly overwhelming at times , Nolan controls the film with confidence .
A bold , beautiful cosmic adventure story with a touch of the surreal and the dreamlike .
There is an odd shallowness that reduces all the intellectual power of this endeavor to a `` you mean , one atom of my fingernail could be an entire universe ? '' stoner joke .

@highlight

Interstellar represents more of the thrilling , thought-provoking , and visually resplendent filmmaking moviegoers have come to expect from writer-director Christopher Nolan , even if its intellectual reach somewhat exceeds its grasp .