Teeth is n't perfect , but it 's definitely one of a kind-and the abstinence-only parody is priceless .
Teeth is both different enough from the usual teen trash to earn itself distinction and bold enough to go where other horrors would n't dare venture .
As amateurishly made as it is , Teeth runs on a kind of angry distrust toward boys .
I 'm not sure I 've ever seen rape , incest or abuse dealt with so vapidly .
While probably too lurid and graphic for the mainstream 's tastes , it 's one of those films that has a genuine shot at acquiring cult classic status .
We have n't had a good vagina dentata movie in theaters lately , so it 's a pleasure to see Teeth filling that particular need with such obvious relish and style .
It 's like a punch in the face .
Writer-director Mitchell Lichtenstein 's low-budget horror film is ... more satirical than scary ... however , he ultimately delivers the gory goods .
Teeth is a unique hybrid of black comedy and horror movie send-up that is great good fun .
The tone of the film wavers between satire and horror-comedy , but that does n't diminish the entertainment value of what plays like a tongue in cheek celebration of a woman who turns her imperfection into empowerment
This is an incredibly unique , dark , smart , and humorous story of a woman discovering what she is capable of .
a witty satire that explores the state of the -LRB- female -RRB- body politic , spread-eagled between the puritanical and the priapic in a culturally confused America .
It all works well enough that I wish it had been less of a cartoon .
You 'll have to forgive the pun , but it simply lacks bite .
A well crafted clashing of sub-genres and themes that works to its advantage , making it an instant cult classic ...
Whether you view it as a primordial image from the collective unconscious or a practical warning against promiscuity , vagina dentata makes an indubitably memorable impression -- and an ideal premise for a tongue-in-cheek teen horror movie .
Dawn may be the heroine of Teeth , but in the end the movie is still a little afraid of her .
Lichtenstein has a lot of ambitious ideas for his debut film but lacks the skills to pull any of them off
Given how thoroughly all the subtext spells out the message , then , it seems unnecessary to make the actual text so raw , grotesque and graphic .
Given how thoroughly all the subtext spells out the message , then , it seems unnecessary to make the actual text so raw , grotesque and graphic . Granted , a horror movie about vagina dentata was probably never destined to be tasteful , but Lichtenstein 's comp
Star Jess Weixler , exerting the command and persona of a young Meryl Streep , grants enough earnest innocence that instead of fearing Dawn , you fear for her .
In one of the great light bulb ideas that could only happen in association with making movies , along comes Teeth to bite us hard . If you think the rhetorical illustration of the events defy logic , just wait to actually sink your own teeth into it .
It 's definitely not for Aunt Minnie , but cult movie mavens will appreciate director Mitchell Lichtenstein 's willingness to push the boundaries of bad taste .
That the movie manages to successfully transcend shock value is probably its greatest accomplishment .
Daring , funny and unabashedly Indie , Teeth is an original and ingenious creation . Grab a bunch of men and go see it , just make sure they have enough room to cross their legs .
Teeth works so well and is so original for at least the first half that it makes the slight fumble near the end zone forgivable .
Teeth bites off more than it can chew .
Teeth 's whirling moral compass actually provides the perfect metaphor for the teenage sexual urge in postpubescent overdrive .
Every time the scary music kicks in and another dumb male clutches his crotch , the theater bursts into uncertain giggles like a needed release
-LSB- The -RSB- castration scenes are n't nearly as excruciating as his awkward timing and worse-than-obvious pacing .
Extremely funny , very clever and still packs some cover-your-face bloody thrills that top any Saw or Hostel movie .
A smart and convincing film with a lot to say about the power of female sexuality and the cultural forces that try to stifle it .
It 's safe to say that he -LSB- writer/director Mitchell Lichtenstein -RSB- has made the boldest debut of this admittedly young year .
Lichtenstein 's low-budget effort concentrates on black comedy ... with the gore effects timed perfectly
The film 's first half contains a series of sharply satirical scenes .
Debuting director Mitchell -LRB- son of Roy -RRB- Litchtenstein creates a lot of dread but not a consistent tone .
There 's no scarier myth for males , and -LSB- director -RSB- Lichtenstein turns various images of emasculation into a black comedy that flirts , fairly tediously , with pornography .
A feminist horror movie , an updated version of old-fashioned exploitation that lobs a few gentle barbs at the way we are now .
Much like Dawn 's ill-fated gyno visit , a peek beneath the folds of this clever and surprisingly amusing little horror comedy holds a few surprises for curious gay viewers .
Writer/director Mitchell Lichtenstein tosses in thematic elements of incest and pedophilia as so much narrative hamburger helper , but by then the movie has already worn out its welcome .
Seriously dude , no means no .
The picture is unfocused and indistinct ; there 's a noncommittal quality to the filmmaking . Teeth hinges on one strong idea but does n't know quite where to take it , wobbling awkwardly between going for laughs and making its semi-delineated points .
The film 's mix of cheap gags , macabre coming-of-age story , social satire and Cronenbergian body horror is apparently meant to gel into black comedy , but it never quite does .
Any movie about a girl with an actual vagina dentata had better be either very scary or very funny -- or , preferably , both . Unfortunately , `` Teeth '' ca n't decide what it wants to be .
Actor turned writer-director Mitchell Lichtenstein has bitten into one of the oldest myths in human folklore with Teeth , an imaginatively demented horror-comedy .
Teenage horror-movie spoof , John Waters parody , No Nukes protest movie : Mitchell Lichtenstein 's clever , crude comedy , Teeth is all these and more .
It is inventive , bold and unquestionably pushes the envelope , and while the fangs it bares are n't quite razor sharp Teeth still has the incisors to make quite a nasty impression -LRB- and that 's a good thing -RRB- .
Writer-director Mitchell Lichtenstein 's pop culturally aware blend of horror , comedy , teen exploitation and '50s monster movies comes off like an unholy alliance between John Waters and Todd Haynes .
Campy , shameless and sophisticated , Lichtenstein 's debut is gutsy and original .
The gratuitous and often overly garish mayhem is made more palatable by the assured comedic turn by Weixler .
Writer-director Mitchell Lichtenstein is onto something really fresh in his feature debut , flipping a graphic warning for men into an empowering fable for women .
Ultimately , Teeth will probably never become the late night cult film it aspires to be , but it does achieve an overwhelming sense of castration anxiety
A twisted inversion of the standard rampaging murderer story .
Credit writer-director Mitchell Lichtenstein with making a first feature that every man in America will watch with his legs crossed .
Dawn grits her teeth .
In Teeth , Mitchell Lichtenstein makes the old v.d. the centerpiece of a gory female-revenge black comedy .
A tongue-in-cheek amusing movie -- but being literally tongue-in-cheek can sometimes be dangerous .
Though good for a few laughs , the one-note Teeth is just another trite rape-revenge fantasy .
Lichtenstein takes the myth of vagina dentata and gives it a kitsch horror/comedy makeover , to surprisingly smart and sassy effect .
A spoof of B-movie monster flicks , a satire of modern-day puritan ethics , and a tongue-in-cheek female-empowerment story .
... a fun exploration of feminine sexual power seen through the twisted kaleidoscope lens of a horror-comedy .
A game , disarming lead performance from Jess Weixler , who won a jury acting prize at Sundance , goes some way toward making palatable this mish-mash .
It 's the stuff of primal phobia and nightmare , and , by presenting it in a way that makes us laugh as well as scream , Teeth actually takes it easy on us , no matter how explicit its presentation may be .
Teeth is a solid first effort that makes you extremely curious about the filmmaker 's next project .
Light-hearted , yet subversive , displaying a surprisingly wicked bite ... literally .
Lichtenstein makes an impressive debut as director of a provocative coming-of-age horror tale , inspired by the vagina dentate mythology ; in the lead , the beautiful Weixler gives a striking perfromance .
After Dawn comes to understand her remarkable genital gift , it 's pretty much one can-you-top-this gross-out scene after another .
I 'm of the opinion that audacity is something to be admired in today 's cinematic world , and Teeth has audacity to spare .
-LSB- Keeps -RSB- the viewer entertained with a mix of suspense and humor , but not exactly ` date night ' material , because it 's doubtful anyone will be having sex right after seeing it .

@highlight

Smart , original , and horrifically funny , Teeth puts a fresh feminist spin on horror movie tropes .