The one thing that 's for sure is that this masterly filmmaker is sufficiently open-minded to work wherever he chooses without compromising the integrity of his questions .
While the film does n't have the complex ambiguity and thematic richness of its predecessor , it is a charming and unique addition to the Kiarostami canon .
Favouring long , oblique takes , this is ` slow cinema ' so slow that , an hour or so in , even one of its protagonists nods off .
Tokyo , the ultimate modern metropolis , with its neon-lit commercial graffiti and buildings that look like a pastiche of everywhere and nowhere , is perfect for Kiarostami 's story of closeness between strangers .
A wonderful celebration of what it 's like to be in love .
There 's a kind of purity in the melancholy of Takashi , a lonely old man who hires a hooker and ends up with a lost young woman who stirs paternal feelings ...
I was enraptured by Like Someone in Love , taken with a visual intelligence and thoughtfulness we seldom see onscreen . It 's one hell of a riff .
Kiarostami still possesses a remarkable knack for crafting vivid supporting characters from just a few details .
It superbly plays out as an homage to Ozu family dramas .
There 's some artful fiddling with plot expectations , but the film 's evident self-regard makes this a rather undergraduate provocation .
-LSB- An -RSB- infuriating - but also fascinating - effort ...
Like Someone in Love ... is like a puzzle that takes an eternity to complete and yet still somehow contains too few pieces to be taxing .
As an exercise in conveying place , mood and human foible , this is consistently intriguing .
-LSB- Kiarostami -RSB- almost throws up something magical , here .
This is an intriguing , elliptical affair , the emphasis on reflective surfaces -LRB- and off-screen voices -RRB- reminding us that we are only ever seeing an opaque refraction of the whole picture .
The septuagenarian 's most playful tendencies have been liberated and he has started to make films that look like the work of a younger director raised on vintage Kiarostami .
A frustratingly inscrutable film that fails to engage .
-LSB- A -RSB- beautiful , subtly tender and narratively slight film ...
A major statement from one of the world 's greatest living filmmakers .
Gnomic , anfractuous , inconsequential .
Like the best dreams always do , it ends with a jolt , but its ideas and images linger like dust in sunlight .
A tender and touching drama about a young high-class escort who forms a connection with an elderly widower , but certain scenes in this quiet slow-burner feel overstretched and arguably unnecessary .
A film that feels unique and innovative .
Now practically an exile from his homeland , Kiarostami follows Certified Copy with another film-literate relationship drama with the enigmatic overtones of Hitchcock .
From the incredible opening shot onwards , it 's clear Kiarostami 's cinematic language translates perfectly in any setting .
Like Someone In Love explores familiar Kiarostami themes - how we slip between roles in our relationships - with a terrifically light touch , making for his best since 1999 's The Wind Will Carry Us .
Veteran Director Abbas Kiarostami 's Like Someone is a fine followup to his brilliant Certified Copy . It 's lovely , intriguing , stylish and very , very good .
The movie is filled with examples of and references to methods of communication : Books , faxes , cell phone messages , answering machines , intercoms , misunderstood jokes , traffic signals , the honking of car horns , a painting of a parrot learning to speak ...
If you can meet Like Someone in Love on its terms , it has much to recommend it .
Making only his second film outside of his native Iran , Kiarostami undercuts the rigid protocols of polite Japanese society with intimations of violence .
Kiarostami 's apparent simplicity masks serious complexity .
The problem with `` Like Someone in Love '' is that , while we can see the world through their eyes , we rarely access how they think or feel about it .
Kiarostami lets the moments between Akiko and Takashi unfold naturally , as these characters from different worlds find common bonds .
Iranian director Kiarostami achieves baffling but intriguing results
... an unexpected pleasure to see a quality slice of life story simply told and nicely acted .
This is a movie about love - how much we need it , how we go wrong in the way we pursue it , and how one world 's ideas about it are passing while another 's are taking over .
Kiarostami is masterful in his layering of space , using glass walls , mirrors , and , in one instance , the aligned side windows of parked cars to suggest a world of divisions , both between people and within them .
It would be difficult to overstate the success of the bulk of this picture . Throughout , we get the bravura technique that we look forward to in a Kiarostami film .
Like Someone in Love wo n't break your heart while you 're watching it . That will happen two or three days later , while you 're sitting at a stoplight or in the checkout line at the grocery store .
Maybe it all serves a purpose , but a movie about empty people does n't necessarily have to feel empty itself .
`` Like Someone in Love '' meanders with intention toward a bittersweet resolution , but then pulls the rug out from under you in a cruelly ambiguous shot .
A Rorschach test of our own responses to the intimate drama unfolding before us .
The latest small , perplexing masterpiece from the Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami , who in recent years has chosen the path of a world director .
`` Like Someone in Love '' is not a complicated story , but in Kiarostami 's telling , it is a rich one , and a rewarding one , too .
I came away from it as if I had spent an evening contemplating a handsome abstract canvas . I ca n't explain it to you , exactly , but I found it soothing .
Think of it as the cinematic equivalent of a short story , rather than a novel , that offers a brief and intriguing glimpse into the lives of its characters .
Kiarostami 's `` foreign tour '' has proved beneficial for the Iranian filmmaker .
A decent little movie , but hardly a major one , from Iran 's master filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami , who , self-exiled , here shoots in Tokyo with an all-Japanese cast .
In his second movie filmed outside of Iran , writer/director Abbas Kiarostami has given us an Eastern counterpoint to his Western `` Certified Copy '' as once again he explores the nature of identity and the meaning of love .
There are some limited rewards in seeing the consequences and complexities that result from the characters ' deceptions and assumed roles , but in the end the film is unsatisfying .
Ambiguity haters , take note : you will not find the easy answers you 're looking for with Abbas Kiarostami .
Slow and imperturbably bookish , this film slowly reveals the dark and threatening side of life in the big city .
Like Someone in Love is directed imaginatively , is impressively acted , and is quite disappointing -- not even successful in its own way .
Minor Abbas Kiarostami is still a reason for celebration .
If there is a visual equivalent to that title song - the Billie Holiday version is favored here - Kiarostami seems to have found it .
Impeccably acted , infused with tremendous empathy for its three leads , and yet not without stretches of deliberate tedium ...
There is love , the movie tells us , then there is love .
Masterful filmmaking bridges a few gaps in the narrative .
No filmmaker is above making errors of judgment . Kiarostami makes a big one .
Like Someone in Love has rather simple , sentimental , melodramatic underpinnings , but the vantage changes everything . It opens up this world - and the next . It 's an enthralling journey .
A meticulously constructed depiction of modern alienation , from the great Abbas Kiarostami .
Like Someone in Love is a movie that never quite lets you through to the other side of the glass , but it 's dazzling to watch whatever drifts by on the surface .
Despite its visual felicities , Like Someone in Love is so free-floating that it floats away .
The film deepens a style Kiarostami has been refining for years . Characters ride in the backs of cars , sealed off from the city and yet constantly moving . Reflections in windows and mirrors both bring characters together and keep them apart .
Kiarostami embarks on a typically indirect but never rambling path in `` Like Someone in Love , '' crafting an elegant mystery that resonates beyond its final , jolting moment .
Every shot - everything you see , and everything you do n't - imparts a disturbing and thrilling sense of discovery .
Like Someone in Love boasts gently insightful moments , but sometimes Kiarostami just seems like a wide-eyed tourist in unbuttoned Tokyo , the anti-Tehran .
A companion piece to Certified Copy but reminiscent of Taste of Cherry , it falls somewhere between those celebrated Kiarostami signature pieces , yet his new film has a sense and style of its own .
Masterfully beguiling , Like Someone in Love is a little gem of a film that explores how relationships and roles change depending on the needs , circumstances and desires of the people involved .
The greatest pleasure comes from watching Okuno , a stage actor who wholly embraces the biggest film role of his 81 years .
... it ratchets up to one of the most galvanic and disturbing visions Kiarostami has ever concocted
Is this the stuff of gripping drama ? Not at all . But like nearly all of Kiarostami 's films , it 's the stuff of good conversation .
Kiarostami presents indefinite people with indefinite motivations and desires .
If `` Like Someone in Love '' frustrates , it also has ineffable grace in the framing of Kiarostami 's long , languid shots , the changes he captures in the light , and the way the actors ' smallest movements become fascinating .
Kiarostami 's output is arresting , unsettling and nonjudgmental in refusing to provide clear end ` answers . '
The movie is playful and makes no easy moral judgments .
A sly , teasing riff on the heart 's irrational stirrings .
The director has made disappointing films before-a more generous word might be transitional-but never one so slight .
this sense of almost knowing what the hell is going on ... is the movie 's greatest strength .
Like Someone in Love leaves you contemplating its significance long after it ends instead of while you watch it .
The conversation between the elderly professor and the call girl is amusing and mysterious in equal parts .
Portrait of a cross-generational relationship between an elderly man and a pretty young lady working for an escort service .
Plays out as a city-mouse rejoinder to the rustic , open-air daydream of Certified Copy , a snarl of thorny free jazz to that film 's graceful aria .
The many trips through Tokyo , filmed incisively from moving vehicles , infuse the rich texture of the city with a startling emotional intensity and a sense of teeming ambient drama ...
The second film shot abroad -LRB- Japan -RRB- by Iran 's premier auteur Kiarostami is a puzzle-narrative that points to an uneven , perhaps unfinished work .
As it turns out , it 's the first , not the last , word of the title that 's key to this droll , elegant but faintly trying study in emotional artifice .
It lacks the dark streak of unpredictability that made Certified Copy a slightly richer viewing experience . Still , the film is never less than pleasing to watch .
I was pleasantly disoriented throughout , and I thought the film 's final moment was thrilling .
To an even greater degree than Copy , this movie about misinterpretation insists on keeping its audience guessing , maintaining an ambiguity about its intentions that lingers well after the final shot .
The more you delve , the more resonance you find ; the problem is that Kiarostami fails to embed the film 's visual , aural and symbolic games in a narrative that satisfies on the level of story and character .
Kiarostami is once again taking an intriguingly oblique approach to his material .
I know there 's something happening here , but I do n't know what it is .
There are some interesting ideas and sympathetic performances in a superbly shot and fascinatingly controlled exercise . There is potential . But the curtain comes down with an arbitrary crash just as the drama was becoming interesting .
The film constantly toys with the expectations of both its characters and the audience , transforming a classic three-way tale of mistaken identities into something much more mysterious and troubling .

@highlight

In his second film outside his native Iran , director Abbas Kiarostami maintains the mysterious , reflective mood of previous triumphs .