Choke bites off more than it can chew ... Choke 's story is too hard to swallow ... Choke is indigestible ... Enough already ! Gag me with a spoon .
We 'll allow this sad little premature ejaculation of a movie to choke on its own insufficiencies .
Choke is an admirably fearless no-net movie , but rather than wowing the crowd below , it lands in the center of the big top with a resounding thud .
Squandered dime-store philosophy .
Despite the busy plotwork , surprisingly little actually happens .
an erotic gospel for the secular age
` Choke ' never manages to be as edgy , amusing , insightful or plain messy as you 'd hope it would be , especially considering its ` naughty ' promotional poster and the distribution of anal beads as a marketing device .
Uneven and oddly compromised in tone , Choke is a competent enough black comedy , but in the shadow of that other film , it never shines .
Choke is a confused sex comedy by Clark Gregg that blunders around for 90-odd minutes trying to look butch and sensitive .
For all its flaws and fumbles there is a certain guilty pleasure in Choke .
This adaptation of a novel by American provocateur Chuck Palahniuk is profane , offensive and obscene , and packed with balefully weak jokes .
Choke was never going to win any prizes for subtlety , but by toning down Palahniuk 's nastier absurdities in favour of obvious laughs , Gregg 's adaptation is no more provocative than the average Carry On film .
But his sterility and romantically curved plot , twisted as it might be , feel respectively reductive and pat next to Palahniuk 's fast , filthy and scabrous satirical stabs .
It 's hard to know what aspect is the most offensive : the glib , cynical approach to mental illness ; the sleazy sexism ; the infantile attempts at blasphemy ; or Rockwell 's smug , boorish performance .
Palahniuk 's novels are so wilfully quirky , so egocentric , so out there , that transferring them to the screen must be like using chopsticks to transport a blancmange across a room .
All this madness provides amusing moments , but the full-throttle absurdities become too difficult to swallow .
The whole movie is dying , actually . But it puts on a brave face and gratefully receives visitors .
An uneven take on Palahniuk 's fourth novel , Rockwell and Huston shining brightly enough to eclipse a patchy directorial debut .
Wonderfully acted if wildly flawed , this a weirdly funny , ultimately uplifting ensemble comedy drama about having the courage to be a real person and love another : you wo n't know whether to split your sides or your wrists .
Sharper direction and a less throwaway tone would have allowed it to add up to more .
Enjoyable , blackly comic drama with a great script and a terrific central performance by Sam Rockwell .
The many opportunities to send up sex and psychiatry are thrown away when the film gets serious about Victor 's bond with his mum . We are Freud alive .
There are plenty of interesting and unusual elements in this very strange film , but in the end it seems that whatever special spirit was present in Palahniuk 's book has eluded Gregg and his collaborators .
I found it choppy , I found it dull , I found it disinteresting .
This movie is only marginally enjoyable .
I laughed . I thought it bizarrely funny , but the laughter can become uneasy .
Slighter and tighter than its blockbuster cousin , shot in the neighbourhood of just five percent of its predecessor 's budget .
Gregg , with his first directing job , has risen to the challenge , and adapted Choke without sacrificing anything and resulting in a less conventional film .
Rockwell 's performance is so artificial it 's as if we 're invited to look past all the tics to the real human being who might be lurking beneath .
Although the central performances are solid , Clark Gregg , in his first film as director has taken on a wildly ambitious story to tell , and that 's to his credit , but it 's more a curiosity of a film than a walk on the wild side .
Cheerfully offensive and well acted , but visually pedestrian . We needed to share the character 's mania , not just passively observe it .
Sam Rockwell throws himself into this thornbush of a role with a veracity that is curiously intensified by the -LRB- real life -RRB- damaged finger in his left hand .
More quirky than funny , this perverse satire chomps into a sandwich filled with issues like sex and belonging . Pushing the envelope every which way , this adaptation of Chuck Palhniuk 's fourth novel is out to shock , confront and offend , which it does ,
Chuck Palahniuk is a cult figure.He 's the writer of , among other things , `` Fight Club , '' which became a cult film if ever there was one . Palahniuk 's writings are hilarious at times , disturbing at others , always adult and , more often than not , involve some k
Rockwell and Henke are spectacular as the sex-addicted protagonists , and the other cast members are up to the task as well . And that makes Choke wild and woolly enough to keep you laughing much of the time .
It 's funny , in a twisted sort of way , but for all the perverse turns of the plot , it 's a strangely familiar journey of a good guy in bad-boy clothing .
Choke tries to be dirty but manages merely to be dingy .
Choke gives sexual anarchy a bad name .
The movie 's not quite there , but it represents a dark ride into the night that unleashes a series of precarious thrills .
It 's a mishmash of a lot of cool scenes that do n't really build , but those individual scenes are usually terrific .
Too smart-alecky to sell the redemptive shift Clark Gregg has written into the story . It 's very different , and less pessimistic , than Chuck Palahniuk . Thankfully , there is Sam Rockwell 's trusty scumminess and an abundance of skillfully morbid humor .
Sam Rockwell , with his eternally raffish , furtive quality , is perfectly cast as Victor Mancini , the unregenerate sex addict in Clark Gregg 's Choke .
CHOKE will probably find a following with 19 year old college kids who have n't seen enough good movies to know better , but this felt like a missed opportunity to make something memorably off the wall .
The stuff that is missing from the book would have certainly made the film 's story abundantly stronger , but there is enough there to satisfy anyone who enjoys Palahniuk 's work .
It wants to be sleazy , or at least naughty ; it 's only tired . And it 's just too slight to really say much more for or against it .
Choke , adapted by actor Clark Gregg in his directorial debut , lacks Fincher 's slickly overwrought style but gets Palahniuk 's silly plot turns and pet themes .
Choke is a relatively small film designed for quirky tastes and on that level and for Rockwell 's manic performance , it 's worth a look .
Leaves most raunchy comedy contenders in the dust of sophomoric `` dirty '' mindedness .
Bobs around on a tide of misanthropy , occasionally surprising us with small moments of brilliance .
Sex , choking , the Messiah ... It does n't have the impact you 'd think with those things as the key subjects . It should have gone darker , otherwise Choke just runs out of breath .
Rockwell has an off-center charm and , as his gorgon mother , Anjelica Huston is more imposing than this movie deserves .
It 's faithful to a fault ; like its source , it 's overstuffed with ideas and incidents and colorful and often distasteful digressions .
Instead of just being completely nihilistic all the way through , there is growth in the character .
-LSB- Q -RSB- uite sweet and moving and full of cynicism that really just wants for a hug , pretty please ...
A polished piece of satire that bleeds deeply with the very targets it 's eviscerating .
... the increasingly random and aimless atmosphere inevitably wears one down .
Any movie that opens with the story of the woman , her dog and a jar of peanut butter is okay by me .
Debut director Clark Gregg draws strong performances from Rockwell , Huston and Brad William Henke as Victor 's dim-bulb buddy .
Standing and pacing during our interview , Sam Rockwell made a hilarious theatrical moment out of his frustration while lighting a cigarette . He talked about his latest characterization , which is a challenging performance channeling an Oedipal personality .
But it is the continued underrated brilliance of Rockwell that makes Choke worth the price of admission .
A forgettable adaptation of Chuck Palahniuk 's 2001 novel .
Choke is disappointing not for what it is but what it could have been .
Gregg 's adaptation of Chuck Palahniuk 's novel has a fluid grasp of the impossible and possible , not to mention the profane and sacred .
A goofy blend of quirky characters , strange situations and wrong relationships , with just enough sadness running beneath its eccentricity to keep things somewhat real , Choke is a conscious oddball of a movie .
Gregg 's unstable direction mutes the humor and confuses the schmaltz , yielding a tonally discombobulated film . And a thoroughly discombobulated critic .
If you 're simply tired of predictable , cookie-cutter Hollywood movies , then Choke is a spoonful of sick and darkly funny medicine .
The film has no pace , no style and no sense of forward momentum . Rockwell is given lots of narration in an attempt to glue it all together , but it does n't help .
A completely bizarre sex farce that 's heartfelt and stomach-turning in about equal measure , Choke also delivers a terrific climactic twist and the best dumb - blonde joke in years .
As the story of a wallowing pig , Choke is often pretty entertaining , but when it comes to where-do-I-come-from poignancy , it ca n't always keep from gagging .
Palahniuk 's book was n't nearly as sharp or edgy as it was trying to be , but it 's a sack of razors compared with this limp adaptation .
Whatever Choke lacks in Fight Club-style slickness and epic-manifesto scope , it makes up for with filthy humor , likable performances and a surprisingly light touch .
Based on the nifty book by Pacific Northwest author Chuck Palahniuk , who also wrote Fight Club , the movie is an examination of obsession , male friendship and mother love .
An annoying little film that attempts to be lascivious but is merely ludicrous .
There 's a lot going on in Choke , and it may be more than first-time director Clark Gregg can handle .
Choke is jam-packed with faux ` outrageous ' stuff that really is n't outrageous at all . It 's based on a novel by Chuck Palahniuk , but it has none of his anger or venom
Sam Rockwell 's resistance to boos serves him well in Choke , a black comedy that actually improves upon the Chuck Palahniuk novel that spawned it .
It all makes for a mushy , stick center that leaves one longing for Fight Club 's cool , hard shell .
The perfect film for the entire family . That is , to paraphrase another great American writer , James Ellroy , if your family happens to be named Manson .
... a digital-video indie with a skuzzy , festering charm that almost papers over the chinks in its shambolic plot .
Seduction , abduction and obstruction make for one hell of a slightly inedible , incredible Oedipal romp through the beastly world of novelist Chuck Palahniuk .
Like a quickie in a bathroom or a Heimlich to the gut , Choke gets in , gets out , and gets the job done .
Among the most unappetizing feature films in recent memory .
An entertaining collection of vignettes strung together by a sarcastic loudmouth whose heart is breaking under his sophomoric bravado .
Maybe this stuff works on the page , in Chuck Palahniuk 's darkly comic novel , but Choke is awfully tough to digest on the screen .
Is n't as visually rich or as thematically layered as Fight Club -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , but it 's more immediately gratifying , and equally twisted .
This being a Palahniuk story , Victor is not his peccadillos . That 's the -LRB- loose -RRB- moral that serves as redemption in a film with situations so seedy and humor so dark you 'll feel a little ashamed after laughing .
Bites off less than it can chew .
Writer/director Clark Gregg has adapted the Chuck `` Fight Club '' Palahniuk novel and one wonders - why ?
Self-destructive , Oedipally fixated slackers everywhere can rest safe in the knowledge that at last they have a voice in pop culture .
a minor message at best .
Though there are moments of viable dark humor , it feels glib and lacks the sardonic quality of the novel by Chuck Palahniuk .
A gleefully profane adaptation of a Chuck Palahniuk novel , Choke suffers from some uneven performances but still might have you doing spit takes in your popcorn .
Maintaining the good balance between light and dark story and character elements clearly challenges screenwriter/director Clark Gregg . So , he 's lucky to have this good ensemble cast .
-LSB- It -RSB- superficially resembles the source material , and has an appropriately low-budget squalor , but is without the distinctive voice that is Palahniuk 's appeal .
It 's a hypnotizing picture with a delightfully gritty awareness about it . Just ignore the abyssal dramatic potholes , and Choke will offer plenty of dysfunction to chew on .
Preserves Palahniuk 's acid humor and flair for the ridiculous , but fails to provide a complimentary look .
Choke is too low-key for its own good , and neither Rockwell nor Macdonald seems able to find the right psychic momentum to move this thing along the way it needs to be .
A peculiar black comedy without a detectable point .
Nonstop weirdness plus an oddly touching performance by Rockwell make for an uneven , fitfully funny film .
All the pieces are here , but you have to glue the kite together to make it fly .
A movie about strange people trying to find their way , no matter what anyone says is ` normal . '
Choke does n't suffer so much from downscaled production values as from direction and packaging that just do n't match Palahniuk 's imaginative brio in cinematic terms .
With Choke , director Clark Gregg has maintained writer Chuck Palahniuk 's voice but the men and women populating the film come across as the half-finished constructs of a filmmaker 's imagination .
There 's plenty to offend here . But there 's also plenty to enjoy , Rockwell 's performance topping that list .
No Fight Club , but in a world of far too few Chuck Palahniuk movie adaptations , it suffices .
Strains to be wickedly funny and provocative , but comes across feeling curiously pedestrian and tepid .
Yes , the film is wilfully odd , but it 's also wonderfully entertaining and a true original .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Gregg makes the movie work as a sordid sex satire , but falls short in rising above that . And the many loathsome-turned-pathetic characters make Choke , in the end , a bit hard to swallow .
Despite its occasionally charming , relentlessly sarcastic tone , Choke censors its own aspirations .
Adults-only sex comedy is shocking but shallow .
It 's an indelibly warped cartoon of lust and despair .
I do n't know what to tell you about a dismal bucket of nauseating swill called Choke , except to warn that if you spend hard-earned money to sit through it , you deserve to do exactly what the title implies .
Yawn .
Sam Rockwell proves again -LRB- and again and again -RRB- that he 's a talent to be reckoned with .
It 's bizarrely flat -- it has no affect . It 's like Palahniuk translated into Robotese .
Aside from a few choice sequences , Gregg 's script largely comes up short on the transgressive or poignant front .
Choke makes its source material 's everything-but-the-kitchen-sink absurdism broader , less expressive and cheaply reductive .
The film comes off as funny , yes , but it never really gels into the madcap lark that it ought to be .
Talky odyssey about a lewd leading man and glum sex addict in sexaholic rehab when not , well , having sex . Possibly the first on screen designated dirty young man ever . I See Nude People .
Sam Rockwell 's charm gives this pic its deserved kudos .
Choke 's virtues far outweigh its flaws . Gregg has achieved something unique -- part Wes Anderson , part Mel Brooks -- and a rare American comedy that is simultaneously brainy and unafraid to be in touch with the human body .
A smart , dark , sleazy breath of fresh air ...
Sam Rockwell plays Victor as a 70s porn star , born two decades too late .
`` Choke '' is the most assertively anti-mainstream film of the year , and to that end it succeeds as a positive form of cinematic/social rebellion .
This second Palahniuk adaptation offers oddball but inauspicious fun .
A humdrum conundrum .
Honestly , this is like the anti-SEX AND THE CITY . I liked that movie , but if you 're a dude who hated it and got dragged by your girlfriend anyway , this is the appropriate payback date film .
The film is hardly a waste of your time and it is an interesting tale to see unfold before you , whether you 're reading or watching it .
Underneath all that seediness is a story that turns out to be rather heartwarming and sweet .
A light/dark , sick/sincere , weird/warm sex comedy that succeeds because of its constant contradictions , and not despite them .
Ultimately , Choke is really a film for the Palahniuk fans who 've have been waiting years to see this book come to life .
a reasonably enjoyable , and very twisted romantic comedy
Certainly there 's a nihilist streak on Palahniuk 's sleeve , but as Clark Gregg 's adaptation of his 2001 novel shows us , up that sleeve seems to rest the heart of a tortured romantic .
Whimsical tale of a sex addict is good for some laughs but ultimately does n't rise to the occasion .
Might be hard for those not conditioned to the generally cynical tone of Palahniuk 's work to get very far , although it 's much easier to swallow -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- due to the winning performances from Rockwell and Huston .
One of the few highlights -LRB- and acquisitions -RRB- of this year 's Sundance Fest , Choke is a moderately entertaining black comedy that does n't fully exploit Palahniuk 's absurdist novel about dysfunctional mothers and sons , sexual compulsion and other scams .





@highlight

While bolstered by strong performances from Sam Rockwell and Anjelica Huston , Choke struggles to capture the tone of Chuck Palahniuk 's novel .