Sorry , I did n't order this .
Everyone seems to have a great time - and though it is n't unwatchable , it simply does n't take off as a comedy .
Too often it comes down to it simply mistaking call-backs to lines from the first film for genuine , laugh-out-loud hilarity .
A sequel nobody needed , and very few demanded , but one that is nice to have anyway . Very daft and very childish and mostly very funny .
I have to admit to one or two more laughs , though really not enough to justify sitting through the whole thing .
Cue the relentless and grimly xenophobic French-accent jokes , the wearisome genital jokes and sometimes both at once .
As rubbish as it sounds .
A pretty idiotic , boorish affair , with loads - and I really do mean loads - of feeble phallus gags .
You may find yourself laughing once or twice against your better instincts .
A dull , mirthless watch with precious few laugh out loud moments .
There wo n't be a worse film between now and December 31 - cop on and go see something else .
Audiences excited by the comic possibilities of a bear pursuing a trooper into a chemical toilet will get exactly what they want , and more , from this lightweight , decidedly low-brow sequel .
Far from ` super ' it 's more of the same - a must-see only for die-hard fans of the Broken Lizard troupe .
In the original Super Troopers , about 50 % of jokes hit the mark . I 'd argue that percentage is a little lower this time around .
As erratic and underwhelming as its predecessor ...
A lot has changed since 2001 , but Super Troopers 2 has n't . It 's still as obtusely disinterested in broadening any horizons , and seems bogged down by a mind-set that is painfully regressive and immune to maturity .
While there are a few laughs sprinkled throughout , it 's far below the level of the first movie
There 's a difference between moulding past glories into something similar and simply being content to even make a follow-up .
Think of `` Super Troopers 2 '' as less long-awaited , more obsolete ; a case study in why comedy sequels almost never work .
It 's a stale and decidedly un-funny sequel . You could get a contact high just by sitting in the theater .
For fans of the 2001 original , it 's great to watch the rebels back in action where the world is their stage and the invisible roar of the crowd drives them on to keep performing their clown act until they die .
Super Troopers 2 is a movie out of time and out of sync with comedy in 2018 . It might have managed the success of its precursor , if only it had been released in 2002 .
It does n't have too many big laughs , but I chuckled pretty consistently form beginning to end .
Too often , the writers-stars settle for childish bad taste over real wit ; there are incessant references to male genitalia but the movie is too timid to follow through when two macho guys are dared to kiss .
For fans of the original , Super Troopers 2 has enough of that Broken Lizard flavour that they 've been craving for almost two decades .
You 'd think with 17 years at their disposal these guys would be able to come up with some jokes that were n't so half-baked and dumb . Alas , this is low-hanging fruit all the way .
Opening segment cameos from Seann William Scott -LRB- `` American Pie '' movies -RRB- and Damon Wayans Jr. -LRB- `` Let 's Be Cops '' -RRB- offers an immediate tip-off to the kind of dopey depravity in store for the next 90 minutes . Some is even laugh-out-loud funny .
There are a few laughs -LRB- very few , for me -RRB- to be had while watching what is a lame carbon copy of the original .
Broken Lizard has n't changed enough to keep up with the times , turning in a badly degraded copy of the original . Stale , unfunny and offensive is quite the hat trick .
Meow , there are laughs to be had here and there throughout Super Troopers 2 , but unless you 're really riding the Highway Patrol 's wave of manic police work , miss this stale revival and stick to the original .
The Police Academy 2 to the first film 's Police Academy , Super Troopers 2 takes what worked the first time and tries to build on it , with mixed success .
It 's so firmly entrenched in that period and its gags that it opens with an asinine bit featuring American Pie 's Seann William Scott and Damon Wayans Jr. .
Happily , Super Troopers 2 is every bit as stupid as its predecessor .
The faithful will be placated by such recycling , and to be sure , the guys do their best to revisit jokes in semi-novel ways ... Yet those moments are ultimately the film 's weakest link , reminders that the troupe has n't gone far in the past two decade .
There are still some decent laughs but not as many as one might expect or hope for .
When your ethos is `` try in earnest to make each other laugh , '' as the Lizards laugh , we laugh with them .
This sequel is n't just more of the same from Broken Lizard-it 's a lot more , and for no good reason .
Sex , drugs , language in funny but over-the-top sequel .
What Super Troopers 2 is missing , and what the original more-or-less had , is that underdog dynamic . A big part of the problem is that the troopers are in charge this time , and they 're mostly just abusing their power for petty , selfish reasons .
Watching a movie by the comedy troupe Broken Lizard is watching a neighbor 's party from an outside window . The people inside seem to be enjoying themselves , but they have n't bothered to invite you .
SUPER TROOPERS 2 is a lot like DUMB & DUMBER TO , or later Adam Sandler movies . It 's funny to watch youngish guys being stupid , but watching them act the same way in middle age is n't quite as easy to laugh at , as it takes on an air of tragedy .
Still searching for their `` Holy Grail , '' this spotty entry contains few skits comparable to any of the clever comedy sketches of even Python 's `` The Meaning of Life . '' The laughs in `` Super Troopers 2 '' are heavily labored and low brow .
Juvenile , puerile and exactly what you 'd expect a super-low-budget B-movie sequel to a super-low-budget B-movie to be .
Broken Lizard has given the cult what they wanted , and they owe the rest of us nothing . In that respect , the movie delivers on both counts .
The monkeys in the typing room still have n't produced their novel , but they 've apparently come up with a film script while we wait . The result is n't worthy of being shot with a rectal scope .
With a little more ambition , `` Super Troopers 2 '' could have been something greater . But it 's more than happy to settle in for the cheap , lazy laugh .
It 's more focused on running gags and good natured dudes razzing each other .
The forgotten-but-not-gone `` comedy '' troupe Broken Lizard is back ... and they 're just as unfunny and talent-free as they were back then .
Logic is thrown out the window entirely in Super Troopers 2 .
While the members of the Broken Lizard comedy group retain their likability ... there are simply too many dead spots and cheap jokes and flat gags to carry a full-length feature .
It does n't become repetitive , but there 's a definite sense that Broken Lizard has run this well dry before the finale .
Vulgar , stupid , but still a hell of a lot of fun .
It 's been 17 years since we last saw the Super Troopers . So why does their latest effort seem like a such a half-baked effort ?
Raucous , crude , stupid , unfunny stoned frat-boy stuff ... if this is all Broken Lizard ... has been able to come up with in sixteen years , they should probably close up shop pronto .
Audiences that found `` Paul Blart : Mall Cop '' too demanding may relish `` Super Troopers 2 . '' I 'm not sure what other sort of viewer would share the appreciation .
This rehash , at least , boasts the eager willingness of the men behind it-they 're delighted to throw themselves into each loud , reckless moment .
It 's a fun trip down memory lane , but like a high school reunion , it ends up reminding us that the good old days are good in part because they 're gone .
Ultimately `` Super Troopers 2 '' is a bad movie , but to its fans , that 's irrelevant .
This non-indulger will attest that you do n't have to be high to find this long-impending sequel to 2002 's `` Super Troopers '' very funny indeed .
It could almost be considered a subversive indictment of law enforcement , not to mention lowbrow humor . Almost , that is , if it were remotely funny .
... basically a thin premise to provide context for the chaps of Broken Lizard to indulge in lengthy , often very funny , sketches ...
It 's low humour but most of it is hard to dislike - although not all of it .
No one will say it 's the most original of plots , nor will anyone be much surprised at the avalanche of Canadian jokes to follow .
A tired , sagging movie , populated by tired , sagging men still making pot jokes and fart noises well into middle age .
Given the sheer amount of comic material here , some of the jokes are bound to fall flat , but the hit-to-miss ratio is depressingly low .
An aggressively lame and slobby comedy full of cardboard characters and in-your-face naughty jokes that feel about as dangerous as old vaudeville routines .
All the fresh comedy , as it were , consists almost entirely of gags about those wacky Canadians . They like listening to Rush and Barenaked Ladies ! They love pancakes and hockey !
By the time Farva is paralyzed from drugs rolling around a mall on a motorized scooter , it becomes clear that a sequel is more than welcome , although Super Troopers 2 is consistently hilarious throughout .
About two thirds of the way through it takes a hard left and starts the sad-but-expected process of retelling old jokes , but before that it 's surprisingly entertaining .
Super Troopers 2 fails to update its comic sensibilities to something a little more modern , the actors ' charisma sinking in a sea of dead jokes .
Like old friends from high school who are n't much fun anymore , Broken Lizard seem more comfortable recalling the good times than generating them .
Drug jokes are for the young , or the very very old . Plump middle-aged guys dyeing their hair to tell them ? That 's just sad .
On a first viewing Super Troopers 2 at least manages to avoid many of the pitfalls that harm other comedy sequels .
At a moment when the image of crude police officers shirking their responsibilities is especially loaded in American culture , `` Super Troopers 2 '' suffers a fate worse than ineptitude ; it 's tone deaf .
Despite a recycled plot and some jokes that land with a thud , Super Troopers 2 is another goofy , raucous ride with a cast that all seem delighted to be there .
Though less funny than the first , it will play well to those who are in the mood .
`` Super Troopers 2 '' puts in some effort where other delayed sequels do not , and while it 's lewd and crude , it 's also amazingly tolerable , teetering on inspired at times .

@highlight

Meow that the wait for Super Troopers 2 is finally over , all but the most devoted fans mustache themselves why they waited so long for such cruel and tragic shenanigans .