Perhaps aimed to be a combination of Desperate Housewives and Belle de Jour , with a lesbian twist , Concussion turns out to be surprisingly bland .
A very subtle , sophisticated take on modern relationships driven , naturally , by -LSB- Robin -RSB- Weigert 's nuanced , hard edged performance .
Abby 's pursuit would appear wildly implausible , but Weigert makes it seem perfectly natural , conveying Abby 's restless longings and wry curiosity , the sense that she is exploring her identity as much as fulfilling her desires
The suggestion that prostitution is a risk-free route to self-discovery for suburban soccer moms is glib bordering on offensive , but Robin Weigert is tough and terrific in the lead .
Much of the narrative may not ring true , but Weigert 's performance is warm and engaging , lending not just heart , but much needed credibility .
A sharply observed odyssey of middle-aged self-discovery , this strikingly offbeat film may feel a little vague in its approach , but it carries a strong kick .
Stacie Passon 's drama is like Luis Buñuel 's Belle de Jour without much of the humour or surrealism .
It boasts a fantastic turn from TV veteran Robin Weigert and is visually reminiscent of Todd Haynes 's Safe -LRB- it 's beautiful to look at -RRB- .
An intriguing , independent drama with a notable performance from Robin Weigert who played Calamity Jane in Deadwood .
A stellar lead turn by Robin Weigert is n't enough to save this staid story of a lesbian call-girl .
It 's not entirely plausible , to be honest , but there 's an easy naturalism to the drama and a sharp intelligence behind the camera .
Passon 's film arcs into view as a beguilingly flighted curveball - and , as its protagonist 's progress attests , the occasional one of those keeps everybody on their toes .
Middle-class , very self-consciously egalitarian New Jersey is lucidly captured , especially the mildly daring dinner parties .
Concussion is wonderfully shot , a confident and accomplished debut for a filmmaker with a promising career ahead of her .
The film 's unpredictability and irrepressible sense of humour ensure that it stays on the right side of the jaded cynicism that afflicts so many US indies set amid this sort of moneyed dissatisfaction .
Satisfaction is fleeting .
Tepid and contrived , this is really House & Garden porn .
Director Stacie Passion does n't try to ape Buñuel 's surrealist twist on ennui in Belle Du Jour , instead crafting an enthralling , modern tale in which intimacy is a goal rarely achieved .
Concussion is well acted , well written and genuinely entertaining , but I just wish that it had rung a little less hollow .
Weigert is one of America 's most overlooked actresses , and this is a tremendous showcase for her talent .
the approach is cold and calculated , leaving us feeling a bit too much like the film 's wayward protagonist .
It 's not pretty , but you ca n't turn your eyes away .
Unfortunately , Passon ca n't seem to figure out her own protagonist ; there are plenty of sexual climaxes here but not much of a narrative one .
An engrossing meditation on modern alienation and the ways we cope when we discover something missing in our lives .
It 's on the dull side , despite a fair amount of tasteful , non-explicit sex .
The quest for sexual fulfillment of a lesbian housewife .
-LSB- Weigert -RSB- and Passon team up to create an indelible portrait of a woman who may always be a work in progress .
It 's an unexpected deviation from the norm , sold with intelligence and intimacy .
A melodramatic debut feature that is much more than just `` Desperate Lesbian Housewives . ''
This might sound , at the very least , titillating , but `` Concussion '' is anything but .
It 's all beautifully photographed in medium depth and edited in a way that 's both erotic and shallow , and would be nothing more than a Lifetime movie without a knockout performance by Robin Weigert as Abby .
Passon 's portrayal of sexuality is not so much fluid as it is open , a frankly refreshing way of seeing .
If you 're looking for a marriage movie that 's friendly , upbeat and reassuring , I suggest you keep on looking ; if you want a startling debut film that merits comparison with Ingmar Bergman , Woody Allen and Nicole Holofcener , here it is .
Weigert 's performance resonates with authenticity , even if the plot mechanics become frustrating .
Takes this well-worn storyline and makes something unique out of it , something fresh and bizarre .
The ending 's a vague cop-out , but the movie is much smarter and more nuanced than the late-night-Cinemax setup suggests .
It 's hard not to think about Last Tango in Paris , The Stepford Wives , Belle de Jour and Jeanne Dielmann as we experience Abby 's spiritual and sensual reawakening .
For all that could be said of why this character chooses this path - of what this says , or she thinks it says , about control , or submission , or transgressiveness - the movie says nothing .
Ms. Passon ultimately seems to skirt some of the larger life questions hinted at along the way .
It is Weigert 's performance that gives the film its mystery and charge . Playing seriously with identity , she draws the viewer ever closer . The way she never reveals everything is electrifying .
Weigert is the film 's constant saving grace , her fast wit and enormous range suggesting that Abby is aware of the irrationality of her situation -- and yet , no matter what , remains hell-bent on seeing it through to the bitter end .
The viewer is presented with a series of caustic , vignette-like scenes which tease bigger themes but end before they can tackle them ...
Concussion is firmly grounded in reality , and that verisimilitude is what makes it intermittently shine .
The near-imperceptible finesse of Abby 's characterization reflects writer-director Stacie Passon 's effortless , interesting mix of richness and economy .
The ambitions of writer-director Stacie Passon 's plot feel too tame , revving up to a scene of shame rather than radical revision . The Kids Are All Right pushed similar material to more affecting ends .
Quickly devolves into a series of unconvincing scenes in service to an outlandish premise .
Concussion is a remarkably sex-positive film and for that it should be commended .
A breakout role for Weigert ... deserves to be seen by a wide audience . . because it 's just an exceptional and pleasurable film
This is a smart film with a provocative and captivating script .
Concussion is a brilliantly nuanced look at the complications of modern relationships .
A sharp-edged drama about a lesbian housewife turned high-end hooker , Concussion marks an accomplished feature debut from commercial producer-director Stacie Passon .
Solid relationship drama centers on an unsympathetic lead .
Shot as if they were ads for high-thread-count bed sheets , the pic 's talky afternoon delights remain more flowery than erotic .
Robin Weigert gives an outstanding performance as a middle-aged woman who somehow learns to control her life by selling her body .
The slick look -LRB- by production designer Lisa Myers and art director Kevin P. O'Donnell -RRB- highlights the split between Abby 's suburban oppression and her urban freedom .

@highlight

Smart , nuanced , and sexy , Concussion transcends its more awkward moments thanks to Robin Weigert 's remarkable starring performance .