With cult movies , execution is everything . And The Human Centipede delivers .
A horror import that actually has the confidence and audacity to deliver something disturbingly different .
Six seems , at some point , to have said to himself , It might be theoretically possible to sew a mouth to an anus and sustain life . Someone should dramatize that , and then he did .
I 's at times heart-racingly tense , less gory than you 'd expect , hilarious , horrible , and not like anything else you 've ever seen .
Deep down it 's just more torture porn with an artistic gloss ...
The evocative title , the lack of motive and the absence of genre tropes are completely intentional -- Six is giving us what we want , reminding us all the while that getting exactly what we want is usually the last thing we should ever really have .
The Human Centipede wo n't be everyone 's cup of tea , but if you 're willing to sit through the film 's gory moments , and delve deeper into the narrative , there 's something genuinely enthralling about this shocker .
The film deserves some points for being sickening and over the top .
Yet despite the disturbing subject matter , Six directs the film with surprising restraint . You won?t find any handheld shakycam , excessive gore , or fast-cutting here .
These folks -- both in front of and behind the camera -- really threw themselves into their work , and , provided you have an open mind , it shows .
There is a tradition among mad scientists who exhibit creativity with their victims that comes down to three little words : some assembly required .
The problem is that this slick piece of schlock is dull , risible and , ultimately , boring .
A well-staged but exceedingly conventional payoff highlights the fact that the film , despite being based on a perversely scatological and quite horrific premise , is actually rather palatable in its execution .
The Human Centipede -LRB- First Sequence -RRB- is one of those movies that 's much more entertaining to talk about than it is to actually experience .
It 's an undeniably revolting concept , but most of the actual gore would be matched by your average pre-watershed medical shock doc .
-LSB- The sequel -RSB- is already in the can . Which is where many of us will be , seeking relief for emetically affected stomachs .
David Cronenberg this ai n't .
I expected the film to be -LSB- R rated -RSB- B grade horror litter , but its conceit rises above the expectations , as does its technically polished execution and the dramatic seriousness of purpose
It scales the heights of yuckiness . It places a flag on a hitherto undreamt-of Everest-peak of offensiveness .
It 's no shock classic , yet it lingers in the mind , prompting weird thoughts like , `` Would I go in the front , middle or back ? ''
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to take three human beings and sew them all together via their digestive tracts ? Wonder no longer !
With dark humour from time to time , underneath an extremely repulsive concept , this is a relatively conventional horror movie .
Although it 's stomach-churning at times , it 's never really scary .
However rank the idea might be , the execution 'll barely make you flinch .
Laser is genuinely chilling as the medical madman with a God complex , only occasionally descending into cartoon villainy .
the titular premise that scuttles all over the narrative brings with it a grotesque and sickening novelty to all the otherwise familiar , indeed pre-digested tropes .
Six 's direction is sleek and understated , quietly building suspense even if the film is never really scary . It is , however , stomach-churning
Anyone expecting fountains of gore and scatological filth will be surprised at how much the film does n't show .
-LSB- M -RSB- ight as well be compiled from Nazi footage of human medical experiments , for all its casualness ...
This is less a movie than it is the film equivalent of being dared to eat haggis .
An indelible waking nightmare
For better or worse , it delivers exactly -LRB- and only -RRB- what its title implies .
It 's not a film I can recommend except to those who fully know what they 're getting themselves into , but it 's also effective and professional enough that it ca n't be immediately dismissed .
A reasonably interesting mess in the spirit of Andy Warhol 's Frankenstein .
Basically an unremarkable innocents-captured-by-maniac thriller that happens to have one perverse idea as its central gimmick .
It delivers on more than it should . It 's visceral when it needs to be , funny when you think it should n't be , and has one thing most modern horror flicks almost never have -- a horrifying and truly satisfying ending .
This horror show from Dutch director Tom Six will be heaven for devotees of four-star torture porn and zero-star hell for everyone else .
A film that , in bare description , sounds like the greatest outrage ever put to screen , but ends up being fairly tedious when watched .
This is not entertainment . This is torture .
If the movie works on any credible level , it 's as a deranged , surreal experience .
Intended on some level as a very very black absurdist comedy of perversion and repulsion -- John Waters meets David Cronenberg ...
At a time when my beloved horror genre is infested with the fleas and ticks of remakes and `` reboots , '' here 's a movie that injects some new , ice-cold blood .
It 's far from a complete disaster but more of an incomplete experience , unless you just looking to see something totally gross .
Coprophiliacs looking for a movie that really rings their chimes will be positively tintinnabulating from this arthouse horror number . The rest of us , well , the rest of us will be quivering , too , but not necessarily from happiness .
Overall , The Human Centipede seems like a movie of the moment more than a lasting classic .
As pointless and nearly unendurable low-budget grotesqueries filled with stomach-churning imagery go , it is definitely a step up from `` Babies . ''
Centipede is disgusting , but do n't hate it because it 's gross ; hate it because it 's bad .
There are terrible movies and there are loathsome movies . And then there 's that rare breed so idiotic , exploitative and sickening one wishes they could be scrubbed from memory .
It would be nice to report that Six ... has an eye for horrific imagery and a head full of fresh ideas - or , barring all that , that he 's simply a hard-working hack . But this is lazy moviemaking based on the thinnest of concepts .
The star rating system is unsuited to this film . Is the movie good ? Is it bad ? Does it matter ? It is what it is and occupies a world where the stars do n't shine .
This nasty stuff plays like a cross between Saw , Naked Lunch , and Bride of the Monster .
It 's a stomach-turning joy to watch Laser put on his demented Mengele act , ripping out incisors , brandishing a riding crop , and ranting about his beloved `` 3-dog . ''
Nothing but a stripped-down modern Frankenstein story that 's more icky than truly frightening .
`` The Human Centipede '' is a dumb movie . There was n't a single moment in the film where I was n't keenly aware I was watching a film and a fairly bad B-film at that .
... Tom Six is n't trying to horrify his audience , he 's just trying to exploit them by making waves with the kind of ` top this ' controversial cinema that assures curiosity .
Disgusting and unnerving on a visceral level despite diminishing imagination and not nearly enough surprises . Dr. Josef Heiter is the new Hannibal Lecter .
Is there any place left that torture porn wo n't go ? Not now .
Like a carnival barker , The Human Centipede entices the adventurous with the promise of a repulsive display that begs to be seen but fails in its delivery of gory one-upmanship .
Potentially this film could scar you for life . With that said , horror fans should n't miss the performance of Dieter Laser . Be warned , less gore than `` Saw '' but a hundred times more memorable . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Do n't be surprised if you feel more boredom than revulsion .
a sickly surreal psycho-chiller in which an arrogant god is pitted against the most abject of insects , -LSB- and -RSB- some sort of benchmark for films designed to push all the buttons of horror fans to the exclusion of practically everybody else .
Conventional yet disturbing ...
The film is strange , disturbing , gross , and shocking . I loved it !
Dutch writer-director Tom Six 's surgical horror flick is can-you-top-this filmmaking at its grossest , and no one needs to tell you whether or not it 's your cup of tea .
In THE HUMAN CENTIPEDE , relatively standard mad scientist horror film elements combine with a truly twisted premise .
A must-see for coprophiliacs and spanking enthusiasts , The Human Centipede -LRB- First Sequence -RRB- may be the year 's first mainstream fetish movie .
It 's a BYOBB film : Bring your own barf bag .
The Human Centipede , by skillful Dutch director Tom Six , might be compared to Hollywood schlock like Hostel . But it has a style and sense of humor sorely lacking in the American movies .
It 's frightening to think that the makers of this effort have confused relentless monotony with terror .
Although I 'd certainly recommend it to hard-core horror fans , I do n't think I 'd ever want to meet anyone who truly enjoyed it .
The Human Centipede 's biggest shock is that it 's really nothing more than another low budget horror film .
For many , this will be just too disturbing to sit through . But stick with it , Six has crafted his picture that will remind genre fans of a young David Cronenberg , circa Dead Ringers .
Without a sense of humor or a sense of purpose , all The Human Centipede ultimately ends up with is empty shock value .
It 's the idea here that should hold the interest of some . Most , however , will see mere excessive sicko , not ` Psycho , ' unpleasantness for the sake of unpleasantness .
Much of the film 's `` entertainment value '' rests on the sadistically outlandish performance of Dieter Laser , who 's like Boris Karloff starring in a movie by Rainer Werner Fassbinder .
In a genre that 's become so devoid of originality , Tom Six 's movie is the type of disturbing and disgusting gamechanger , much like the breakouts by Hooper , Cronenberg , Miike ...
To admit complete disgust with Centipede is exactly what the filmmaker wants ; however , the picture commits an even greater sin , despite all the arm flailing and slosh of perversion : it 's a complete and unforgivable bore .
You really have to hate logic , party girls and evil German doctors to dig this excruciatingly stupid movie , whose main gag is creating a surgically linked chain of disbelieving adults .
It 's definitive psychological horror , positioning the viewer to identify with the victim 's suffering and lack of free will , even after harshly judging what they did with that free will when they had it .
Misanthropes , scat queens and fans of lowbrow humor will find plenty to enjoy in this gory kink oddity , though it never lives up to the ghoulishness of its central conceit .
What it lacks in all time toxicity ... The Human Centipede makes up for in flustering skin crawling substance .
Ably achieves its goal of providing original , eye-scrub-required horror imagery .
The title only hints at the horrors within this deeply disturbing - and thoroughly original - shocker .
In its single-minded determination to prolong its viewer 's agony , writer-director Tom Six 's The Human Centipede -LRB- First Sequence -RRB- is nothing short of an inspired bit of modern exploitation cinema .
The director forces into our mouths what he forces into the mouths of his female characters . The movie stinks to heaven .
Burrows under the skin like a fungus and takes root in the mind , where one can scarcely believe what he or she is watching , yet ca n't help but be impressed by the audacity of it all .
Surgical kidnapping in 3 languages , and out of control mismanaged health care with no possibility of medical malpractice lawsuits in sight . Or more to the point , what in the world is bugging director Tom Six . Hold the insecticide .
The schlock humor of the first scenes is replaced with squirms-it 's as painful as you 're picturing and possibly worse .
High concept meets sustained graphic horror in Tom Six 's satirically challenged thriller that succeeds if only by the realistic treatment of its gross-out premise via the best mad scientist performance in recent memory .
Once Six gets the girls inside Dr. Heiter 's ultra chic pad , what he offers is a more sophisticated study of unchecked aggression than Eli Roth is capable of .
A horror movie that looks more like a photographed play with a one-dimensional insane surgeon and shallow victims .
... the kind of cult sensation that earns immortality on the merits of its gobsmacking levels of gore , despite the fact that all in all it 's really not a very good film .

@highlight

Grotesque , visceral and hard to -LRB- ahem -RRB- swallow , this surgical horror does n't quite earn its stripes because the gross-outs overwhelm and devalue everything else .