in attempting to understand rather than merely demonise its ` villains ' , -LSB- it -RSB- earns its place as perhaps the most Capra-esque study of murder out there , as well as a Donnie Darko-like take on a young man 's difficult rites of passage .
Deftly blending genres-part thriller , horror , comedy , drama and romance-I Am Not a Serial Killer is a unique film full of surprises .
... works better as a psychological study than as a ` young adult ' horror . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Do n't let the title put you off . This offbeat horror movie based on the cult YA novel by Dan Wells is as much a subtle psychological drama as it is a gory chiller .
Co-writer and director Billy O'Brien does a masterful job of building up the creep factor but gets too ambitious in the second half of the story .
It 's true that there may be moments in which the evolution of the story gets stuck but Christopher Lloyd 's surprising work and the great chemistry established between him and O'Brien makes it worth watching it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I Am Not a Serial Killer is Dostoevsky in Minnesota . Spiritually if not literally .
Never quite escapes its adolescent inspiration .
Enjoyably gory and wry .
-LSB- Sinks -RSB- its storytelling teeth deep enough to draw blood , while still retaining the flesh-wound frivolity of cackling morbid fun .
A sour , wicked film that neither looks nor feels like the rest of the busy sub-genre .
Originality is hard to come by , especially in horror films , but there 's a good dose of it in this stylish and beguiling little chiller based on the first book in Dan Wells 's YA book series .
I Am Not A Serial Killer may have some gloopy , gory moments but rather than the full-on chiller you might expect , it is slow and brooding , gothic and decidedly odd .
A pleasingly macabre study of a mixed-up teen who could be a Dexter-in-waiting .
What an unexpected and enjoyably unpleasant surprise this film is .
Christopher Lloyd delivers his creepiest performance since Roger Rabbit 's Judge Doom in this intriguingly off-beat indie thriller .
An alternative , subversive thriller steeped in cinematic tradition .
O'Brien here both successfully reintroduces Max Records to the world , and elicits Christopher Lloyd 's best performance in a long time . His film deserves cult classic status at the very least .
There 's a touch of ` Stranger Things ' about this lo-fi indie horror .
The strong screenplay demonstrates such an intuitive understanding of human emotion and despair that it elevates this genre gem into something strangely tender .
Intelligent , original and committed , it 's also a little meandering . But Records cuts a strikingly amoral figure , and the sight of Christopher Lloyd intoning poetry over dying embers reminds us what a wonderful actor he is .
Appropriately unnerving yet searching , dark yet cheerful .
A weird little morsel with a lingering aftertaste .
The pacing and subject matter may alienate some viewers , but this is the kind of film that deserves to find a cult audience . It 's a chilling , surprising and sensitive horror that you wo n't forget in a hurry .
an affectionate , often funny look at small-town slaughter , with a killer protagonist for whom it is all too easy to root .
It 's an engrossing feature which grants Christopher Lloyd one of his best roles in years , whilst letting Max Records flaunt his undeniable talents as a sympathetic lead . Horror fans will really enjoy this fresh examination of the nature of monsters .
This is nothing less than a cult classic in the making .
Intriguing if not groundbreaking .
A moderately suspenseful low-budget thriller .
Curious low-budget thriller , shot on 16 mm , has a certain hand-sewn élan ... The whole thing has quite a unique tone - a blend of extremely dry humor , creepy low-key horror , and retro-styled aesthetics - that atone for its somewhat over-extended runtime .
The humour is bleak , but -LSB- Max -RSB- Records , one-time star of Where the Wild Things Are , gives the movie a compelling centre before it changes tack once again .
It 's a twisted treasure .
... a great little thriller with a distinctive voice ...
-LSB- Could -RSB- A.M.P.A.S. see past the film 's genre roots -LRB- horror rarely gets noticed -RRB- to award Lloyd , one of Hollywood 's most beloved ageing icons ?
A cleverly conceived little horror-thriller .
A diabolical little genre-defying tale that combines a dash of dark humor with a larger dose of just plain darkness .
I Am Not a Serial Killer shines in its exploration of what it is like to live with inclinations you wish you did n't have but find it increasingly hard to fight .
An effective blend of drama , mystery , horror , dark comedy and sci-fi . It deserves to become a cult classic
The arbitrary value of life in I Am Not a Serial Killer makes its nature as an ostensibly character-driven mystery that much harder to swallow .
A tidy genre mash-up - part teen flick , part gruesome crime tale , and part ... well , something else , which I wo n't go into .
O'Brien pulls no punches bringing this horrific nightmare to life .
A well-filmed indie that does n't let its low budget get in the way of some true chills .
A uniquely wry tone sets the film apart . I Am Not A Serial Killer is unmistakably a drama , but it 's a strangely cheerful one given its dark subject matter .
The idea of witnessing a killing spree from the p.o.v. of a town 's funeral home is full of rich discomfort . It 's the stuff of the sub-subgenre itself that gives you a boregasm .
I Am Not A Serial Killer is a devious production that uses its title as a distraction , only to present a much more interesting story when we least expect it .
Exquisitely acted and creepy as hell . Christopher Lloyd gives one of the year 's most essential-to-see performances .
The film comes unsettlingly close to being an apologia for the kind of violence that stems from adolescent disaffection .
Max Records gives a sharp performance in this endearing first adaptation of Dan Wells ' YA series .
Breathtakingly innovative , delightfully ghoulish , and insightfully unconventional .
A sticky vein of macabre humour is a key selling point for this genre-blurring adaptation of the cult novel by Dan Wells .

@highlight

I Am Not A Serial Killer honors the book it 's based on with a well-acted drama that leavens its gore and dark themes with wry humor .