Based on a novel by Delphine Coulin , this is an affectionate and touching look at the absurdities of life as an illegal , and at its heart are two charming performances .
It is thanks to the chemistry of -LSB- Omar -RSB- Sy and -LSB- Charlotte -RSB- Gainsbourg that some of the vast plot lacunae are filled in although more emphasis should have been put on the life lessons of true deprivation versus professional burnout .
In a world filled with immigrants and refugees who are continually on the move , seeking better lives , `` Samba '' is a gentle revelation of what it means to be human .
The new film by the writer-director duo behind the 2011 hit The Intouchables is not as formulaic and manipulative but it lacks the single-minded coherence that was so crucial to that film 's success .
Samba is still an entertaining and enjoyable movie , due in large part to the charm of its leads , Omar Sy and Charlotte Gainsbourg .
Nakache and Toledano have another crowd-pleaser with international appeal on their hands .
The editing errs on the side of longueurs , but likable people and the mise-en-scène draw you in . Somehow , even the artificiality feels heartwarming .
Samba finds a much stronger rhythm when it stops contriving and simply shines a light on the joy and pain -LRB- and musical interludes -RRB- of lives lived in the margins .
-LSB- Olivier Nakache and Eric Toledano -RSB- return with one of -LSB- The Untouchables ' -RSB- stars , Omar Sy , in the title role . It 's a darker , sadder and less audience-pleasingly contrived tale than their previous effort .
A highly enjoyable movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A small comedy that bases its success on its leading couple : Omar Sy and the always gracefull Charlotte Gainsbourg . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although the performances are memorable , the plot does not know how to combine drama and humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A refreshing romantic comedy that shares a lot with the director 's previous film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A comedy that was sold to appeal to a sensitive and inteligent side , but that never happens . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... becomes caught between a breezy romantic comedy and a provocative drama about social justice .
So affecting is the performance by Omar Sy -LRB- `` Jurassic World , '' `` The Intouchables '' -RRB- as Samba -LRB- `` like the dance '' -RRB- , an undocumented Senegalese chef , you almost forgive the shortcomings .
Unfortunately , the material flounders from the broadly farcical to the bombastically melodramatic .
The filmmakers mix touching social realism , feel-good romantic comedy , and working-class farce into a patronizing ragout of flavors that never successfully blend together .
Going for frivolity , the endeavor abandons authenticity , adding more confusion and disorder to an already scrambled film .
`` Samba '' tries to be too many things to too many people , although you ca n't say it does n't have heart .
Though the film does n't provide any answers , it does give voice to the millions who suffer these same situations daily .
`` Samba '' manages to be hugely entertaining , featuring a superb cast and expert direction , without abandoning its important message about a universal problem .
Deserves credit for raising important issues at all , but the trite romcom packaging compromises the good intentions .
Gainsbourg and Sy play off each other wonderfully , emphasizing how these characters relate to each other as people ; their scenes together feel emotionally honest even though one can barely imagine them happening in real life .
`` Samba '' is loosely plotted and is at least 20 minutes too long . It seems ready to end half a dozen times before it finally does , with ironic payoffs for Samba and Alice that are too glib to be satisfying .
It 's easy to enjoy what the cast does on screen ; it 's harder to buy the nutty mood swings and , as written , Gainsbourg 's generic trainwreck of a character .
Sy is terrific in this . As Samba , he just seems like a really good guy - honest , hardworking , ethical and also emotionally strong . He 's someone you would want in your country .
-LSB- A -RSB- sincere and well-acted romance-tinged immigration drama .
A weird mix of a formulaic story of slow-blooming love and a sometimes-piercing view of being forced to live off the grid .
Samba takes a more attractive approach to the ugly situations it is trying to present by focusing on the unconventional relationship between the two leads .
One needs only to watch his performance in `` Samba '' to see Sy 's old-school natural star power in its purest form . He 's the perfect leading man .
The film does a splendid job of seriously revealing the kind of injustices done to undocumented `` aliens . ''
-LSB- It -RSB- becomes meandering and diffused , undermining the buckets of charm and goodwill it initially provides .
Mr. Toledano and Mr. Nakache , who wrote the scattered screenplay , have a well-honed touch for comic beats and a feel for workaday details . That comes in handy when their points about French identity miss the mark ...
As would-be crowd pleasers go , `` Samba '' tries to please multiple crowds with negligible success .
A French dramedy about a Senegalese immigrant with a stunning performance by Omar Sy .
This is a movie that thinks the deepest way to engage with the race and class issues it raises is by showing an enlightened white woman ... quoting and then dancing to Bob Marley .
Satisfying in a way that too few American films remember how to be ... a movie that stays with you , something not many films manage to do any more .
There are just a few too many scenes , and they go on a tick too long . But , well , you could just as easily call that breathing room and fine direction .
Effectively the Diet version of films by Ken Loach and the Dardenne brothers , but it is thorny and prickly and not grossly manipulative .
Worthy but ultimately not quite successful ...
Even as Samba struggles to hold onto his identity , the film becomes entangled in an identity crisis of its own .
A final reel false-step pushes things into the realms of overcooked melodrama , but for the most part it 's entertainingly upbeat fare .
It 's the filmic equivalent of Cafe del Mar easy listening : it 's watchable . The direction and music and cinematography are so seamlessly invisible , and the lead performances so natural , the film appears to be directed on autopilot .
There are no weak links in the cast and Tahar Rahim is good value as a bubbly Brazilian , willing to package himself as an `` exotic '' to get on -LRB- his recreation of a famous Diet Coke ad , while cleaning windows , is particularly lovely -RRB- .
Overlong and leisurely , Samba is still a charmer thanks to the performances of the two stars .
Boring .
The plotting is predictable but the film has heart and charm all the same .
Samba is blessed with the large presence of Omar Sy .
Scenes end up going nowhere : gritty reality sometimes gives way to farcical silliness , and Gainsbourg is not well cast in this rather gooey role .
It has n't its predecessor 's razzle-dazzle , but Samba is the surer-footed endeavour : for once in popular cinema , the problems of the First World come in second behind those of the Third .
Some very big themes are given space to breathe in this remarkably naturalistic drama , which is livened up by terrific central performances ...
Slightly superficial , not quite convincing , but always entertaining .
Despite their differences , this melting pot of people is so intriguing , so fundamentally likeable , that the requisite happy ending , although somewhat forced , is entirely welcome .
Perhaps a bit too leisurely paced , the film unspools as an engaging , if not enthralling , look at the realities of racism and cultural identity .
It 's co-directed by Nakache and Toledano , but it 's not a patch on their last movie , The Intouchables .
Despite its urgent and topical subject matter , this story comes cloaked in charm and humour .
The film has unusual grace notes and an unpredictable , angular construction , by which I mean that it is odd but good .
Momentarily , Samba is n't unenjoyable but suffers under the weight of it 's overlength and hit and miss approach to its broader topics .
The delightful push-pull pairing of Omar Sy and Charlotte Gainsbourg makes this bittersweet comi-drama about connections a rich and engaging experience
Samba is mildly thought-provoking , feel-good fare , touching lightly on the real difficulties of undocumented workers ; which ultimately get watered down by repeated concessions to comedic and romantic formulae .
A well-meaning and occasionally joyous film that is ultimately too scattershot in its format and tone to really work .
A highly polished , widely appealing big-budget French movie .
The immigrant 's struggle is brought to pulsating life in Samba , which works best as an affecting and amusing star vehicle for Omar Sy .
`` Samba '' is a love story set in a contemporary world brimming with immigration issues , but it manages to be neither political drama , nor bubbly romance , somehow getting away with being labeled as a comedy .
The film 's message is lost amid too many plot contrivances .

@highlight

Samba is n't the finest effort from directors Olivier Nakache and Eric Toledano , but the film 's shortcomings are partly balanced by its big heart and talented cast .