As talking animal movies go Babe set the benchmark for me and this is n't in the same ball park ... but the small children in the audience were very still suggesting that any animal with something to say deserves their attention . It just did n't hold mine .
a gross mis-use of CGI animals
full review at Movies for the Masses
Marmaduke sinks to Beverly Hills Chihuahua levels of awfulness and only reaffirms that talking animals are n't funny -- they 're boring .
Spectacularly sentimental , full of ridiculous computer-animated action , and makes sure its animals are a good deal less pallid than the humans on view .
There is only so much fun you can have with a talking dog and Marmaduke quickly exhausts the possibilities .
Better than Cats & Dogs , but praise hardly comes much lower .
Fans of the single-panel cartoon that has run in newspapers since the 1950s will find plenty to disappoint them in this live-action adaptation .
The incoherent , moralising script demeans a number of actors , including William H. Macy , Judy Greer and David Walliams , reduced by a kindly editor to an ineffective cameo .
Dogs may be for life but the memory of this film will last about 20 seconds .
Oh dear .
Mirthless family romp that hits all the lowest comedy dominators .
Once upon a time , there was a promising young acting talent who went by the name of Owen Wilson .
Generally has its heart in the right place , there 's some good slapstick and you have to admire the patience of filmmakers who are prepared to work with this many animals on one set .
Although comfortably under 90 minutes , Marmaduke is an epic chore to sit through .
With his eyes goggling and his gob smudging all over the place , he looks like a haunted painting .
Never veers from The Hollywood Guide To Mid-Budget Family Fare .
While not quite as bad as it could have been , this is very much Hollywood-schmaltz-by-numbers .
You could do worse with young kids , and they 'll romp along with Marmaduke 's throwaway adventures , it 's just there 's much better stuff out there that will entertain viewers above the age of 10 too .
It 's as if Pixar never happened .
The novelty quickly fades since -- you guessed it -- the story 's just not there .
It 's dull and conventional , turning a half-century of mischief into 80 minutes of yawns .
Marmaduke was never meant to star in his own movie ; trying to strap a story to his back ends up a clunky and often lame affair .
-LSB- It -RSB- sounds like the makings of a totally rad John Hughes movie . Instead , it 's an intermittently amusing parable about an outcast 's ascension , as performed by a pack of digitally manipulated dogs . Next .
` The conventionality and predictability of every scene , the lame puns , the absence of comic rhythm , the fart jokes butt-ending the film -- all was sly metafilmic parody of the sheer banality and crassness of so much present-day film comedy , yes ? ' -LRB- Silence . -RRB-
The movie works in a way that toddlers and early primary schoolers will definitely dig .
... a bottom-of-the-barrel family film ...
It 's not like the movie 's target audience has fond memories of a newspaper comic strip . They probably do n't even know that newspapers were things people used to read .
Previously , director Tom Dey made `` Failure to Launch '' and `` Showtime , '' the latter of which was one of the worst movies of 2002 . Congratulations Tom , you 've done it again in 2010 with `` Marmaduke . ''
Crammed with more recycled offal than a can of Alpo , Marmaduke exults in fart jokes , offensive stereotypes -LRB- the cat , voiced by George Lopez , laps guacamole -RRB- , and sloppy storytelling . Bad , bad dog .
Well , here 's another talking-animal movie , full of computer-generated imagery and body-function humor .
It 's a talking-animal movie based on a one-joke , not-very-funny comic strip . That should be sufficient information for anyone old enough to read this review .
Truly a milquetoast Scooby Snack for pet-friendly families who thrill to computer-generated mouth movements on real-life four-legged critters .
What 's next : a Family Circus movie ? Where o where is the hero who will save us ?
Insipid and lumbering - with a title character perpetually emitting noxious gas fumes .
Will entertain the kids but it should have been a Disney Channel movie
I had a Scooby-Doo nightmare flashback .
This movie is one big dog .
Biting the neighbors ' tires for 90 minutes seems like a far better use of time . Like an overpopulated puppy park on a Fourth of July weekend , this shaggy dog story stinks to high heaven .
A low-impact kid 's comedy , `` Marmaduke '' may have little in common with the comic strip upon which it 's based but remains a perfectly viable flick for dog-loving families .
This threadbare film mostly feels like a way to keep out-of-school kids occupied during summertime .
Instead of spending $ 20 or more on tickets to Marmaduke , read the original strip for free at http://comics.com/marmaduke . In addition to the more agreeable price , it also has more laughs .
Insulting and vile ... Marmaduke presumes that -LSB- children -RSB- are the most loathsome , stupid beings in the world .
The only revelation in this movie is that stilted dialogue does n't sound any better coming out of a computer-animated dog 's mouth than a human 's .
Scripters Tim Rasmussen and Vince Di Meglio have cobbled together a plot from bits and pieces of other family-friendly pics .
This tale of a philosophical Great Dane who speaks with Owen Wilson 's voice is not entirely without merit . Well , actually , it is , but never mind .
In a genre so choked with cynical films , this one was made with enough skill and heart to make its emotional payoffs believable and welcome .
Brad Anderson 's long-running saga of the melty-looking Winslow family and the gangling , interfering Great Dane that should 've been put to sleep ages ago gets a film treatment .
This is another opus to take that small , well-trodden step from the funny pages to the big screen . But we 're in live-action territory here , meaning that real people actors compete for camera time with real dog actors .
Bland sitcom romp based on the long-running comic strip features wisecracking canines in a beach-set family story .
The dogs are cute -- I 'll say that for it .
Kids deserve better . Heck , dogs deserve better .
Like most movies aimed at the kindergarten set , Marmaduke balances its giggly , gross-out gags with a stern moral agenda .
A bland , predictable blend of bad comedy and sentimentality .
It 's a lot of twists and turns for very little reward . But bottom line , will the kids like it ? Quite possibly .
For any adult , to watch Marmaduke is to stare into the gaping , digitally-enhanced maw of fluffy mediocrity for a ninety-minute stretch of valuable lifetime .
This is a film that begins and ends with a fart joke . And those are two of the highlights .
Somewhat amusing , but often cringe-worthy , cheesy , silly and , worst of all , fails to engage kids and adults simultaneously .
America 's favorite Great Dane is more `` O.C. '' than `` Lassie . ''
Because nobody demanded it , here 's a live-action version of the five-decade-old comic strip about an abnormally large Great Dane . Insert your own `` dog days of summer '' joke here .
Well , at least the dogs are cute .
If the phrase `` From the producer of Garfield '' does n't scare you off , then step right up .
There is only one word that can aptly describe this film -- painful !
These low-jinks would n't even make it on Letterman 's Stupid Pet Tricks .
Lines like `` Get your bark on , '' `` Who let the dogs out ? '' and `` Cowabarka '' abound . Many of the jokes revolve around excretory functions .
It contains approximately twice the laughs of `` Sex and the City 2 '' and half the number of bitches .
Remember when talking animals used to be funny ?
I 'm envisioning a sequel that joins together two towering franchises , only with an R rating for excessive gore : Marmaduke Versus Alvin and the Chipmunks , anyone ?
Its only redeeming values are an insane dog-surfing competition that feels like a weird dream you may have once had , and a mangy street mongrel whose slobbery lips give perhaps the finest Sam Elliott performance ever . The rest is pure kibble .
If Hollywood insists on cranking out movies about dogs that wo n't stop yapping at us , I hope they 'll all be as well-made as Marmaduke .
No , the farting , peeing and dancing dogs do n't add anything -- at least on the positive side -- to the proceedings that mercifully clock in at less than 90 minutes . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
How bad is Marmaduke ? Let 's put it this way : Garfield , come home - all is forgiven .
Basically a Saved By the Bell episode performed by talking animals .
Is there really a reason to insult the intelligence of children so ?
The first of many instances of doggy-doo humor comes about three minutes into the film .
A pathetic waste of time and money for all concerned , the movie pushes one 's patience to the brink .
There is a special place in hell for filmmakers who deliberately force audiences to endure a worse dog movie than both Marley & Me and The Shaggy Dog remake put together .
one long cringe-fest that starts out abysmally and gets worse with horrifying determination .
It 's kind of fun . For about five minutes .
In terms of his longevity in the newspapers , ` Marmaduke ' is a very old dog . And the movie has no new tricks up its paws .
A lame , worn-out story wrapped in a pelt of fluffy dog fur .
Marmaduke is a dog of a film that deserves to be put down .
Marmaduke the movie is exactly the kind of mind-numbing kiddie trash that parents dread taking their kids to .
Even by talking-critter comedy standards , Marmaduke lacks mirth and imagination .
As talking-dog movies go , Marmaduke makes Beverly Hills Chihuahua look like Up .
Too bad Marmaduke was n't released a few years ago , when forced viewings of it might have been offered as a suitable punishment for Michael Vick .
It 's no Babe , but it 's no bomb either .
When one of the last sounds you hear in a work of family entertainment is a Great Dane passing gas , there 's only one conclusion to be drawn . The movie hates your family .
Will future film historians , looking back , consider these CGI animal comedies to be the true horror movies of the 2000s ?
You have to wonder what it was that got the talented Macy onboard , aside from a paycheck .
Kids love dogs and fart jokes . The goods are being delivered to the target audience . All others should look away .
A sprightly family comedy about a frisky Great Dane and his human companion who both learn new things during a major transition in their lives .
The unenviable task of adapting a famously mediocre newspaper comic is one the filmmakers meet with noticeable strain .
The flea-bitten screenplay seems to have been plucked from the wastebasket of recycled ideas and rewritten by someone whose third language was English -- after Danish and Dog .
Staple of newspapers since 1954 , leaving the producers over 50 years of canine antics to help build a screenplay . So , naturally , they invent a series of urine and fart jokes to best service the enduring legacy of the rascally Great Dane .
The moment I saw Marmaduke 's big drooling lips moving , I knew I was in trouble .
No animals were used , and no humans were entertained in the making of this movie .




@highlight

Dull and unfunny , Marmaduke offers family filmgoers little more than another round of talking animals and scatological humor .