Essentially , it 's Cars retold with planes . Small , undiscerning kiddies will probably love it and demand the DVD on repeat ; adults will be nosediving into their popcorn with boredom .
Disney should cut its losses and release the rest of the trilogy as originally intended .
Big showbiz trusts heartland America 's love affair with all manner of vehicular machinery so much that it shamelessly copied ` Cars ' and labeled it ` Planes . '
... rarely manages to achieve the heights achieved even by 2006 's entertaining yet lackluster Cars ...
It 's a shame that Disney and Pixar are n't in the ` classic-making ' business anymore ; just the ` distraction-making ' business .
A direct-to-video-quality spin-off that only exists to sell toys .
While kids might respond to the fast-paced airborne antics , the humor is n't clever enough or the story surprising enough to satisfy accompanying grown-ups .
It lacks the passion and depth of their earlier work , replacing meaningful storylines and deeply-felt emotions with clichés and maudlin moral lessons .
I did n't care , my kids did n't care , and if I had invited the neighbors over to witness this dull flight , they would n't have cared either .
Planes is nothing more than Disney cashing in on a successful franchise while the market is hot .
Beautifully -LRB- duh ! -RRB- and expensively -LRB- duh squared ! -RRB- animated , this has its charms , but ultimately gets a little yawn-worthy , with too many characters , too much going on and too many unanswered questions .
Think Cars , but with planes . Passable , pleasant , mildly fun and apparently written by computer .
The schmaltzy resolution may work for the undemanding , but given how much fabulous work has gone into the film , it 's a shame the result is n't a more complete success
Reach for the stars is the theme of this Disney 3D animation and while it 's cute in part , it lacks the throttle of Pixar 's Cars franchise
At the end of `` Planes , '' you may wonder why it was n't released straight to DVD , which is how I 'd bet the promised sequel `` Planes : Fire & Rescue '' will be seen .
The globe-hopping story may keep young viewers diverted , but with the destination so clearly mapped out from the start , grown-ups will find the film something of a long haul .
Plays like the cheap DisneyToons small screen cash-in effort it clearly was conceived and always meant to be .
In the skies , as on tarmac , this remains the world 's most fossil-fuel-friendly franchise .
Visually , `` Planes '' aircraft characters owe a huge debt to cartoonist Hank Caruso , who 's been doing this stuff for decades ... As a movie , `` Planes '' is pretty meh .
Flimsy - weighted down with an air of familiarity
Disney 's new yarn about a little underdog airplane with big dreams feels like the studio just strapped some wings on another movie -- ` Cars . '
A forgettable , though not dislikable , affair .
Many youngsters in a packed charity screening I attended were fidgeting and talking .
That Planes could n't even manage to improve upon Cars 2 is downright heartbreaking .
Too much of the same old same old here at the end of summer ; the plot of this one is too similar to `` Turbo '' which got there first .
For `` international '' , read `` packed with wince-worthy ethnic stereotyping '' - it 's the only way the writers know how to define character in a universe this soulless .
The story is routine and the animation rarely inspired , which makes it feel as if nobody cared enough to make the film soar .
Disney takes over Pixar 's `` World of Cars '' with this spin-off that no-one really asked for . Indeed , this is an essentially disposable adventure , smiley and formulaic with a few minor thrills and a gentle sense of humour .
It may not soar as high as its Pixar counterparts , but Disney 's ` Planes ' -LSB- takes off nicely as a good-natured addition to ` The World of Cars . '
It 's an amiable enough entertainment , gentle and good-natured ...
A blend of spectacular visuals , very conventional storytelling and distracting does-not-compute detail , Planes would fly beneath the radar were it not for its Pixar connections .
Disappointing animated adventure that suffers from a weak script , bland characterisation and a frustrating , poorly-defined universe .
A palatable but whateverish 3D children 's comedy about a lowly single-prop plane from the Midwest who dreams of flying around the world in an international race .
DisneyToon Studios have borrowed so much from Pixar here , and yet they seem to have learned almost nothing .
At its best , Planes soars above anything Disney Animation Stuios have produced in recent years on a computer , and when it 's not quite that high , it remains an singularly child-friendly affair .
As a family it is not cheap for a movie going experience , this is one you can skip and save your money on .
Disney Studios have found yet another way to rake in audience members ' cash without needing to trouble their own creative muscles , let alone reach far into their substantial pockets .
An endearing enough David-and-Goliath tale , aimed squarely at younger kids .
A Pixney misfire .
Disney and Pixar are renowned for their trailblazing innovation , but everything about Planes smacks of safe , committee-driven filmmaking with an eye on the bottom line .
For all the imagination involved in breathing animated life into the anthropomorphized eponymous flying machines , and their truck and forklift pals , the story is painfully rote
Planes is n't just tolerable - it 's downright bad . It has redeeming moments and is visually pleasing , but overall there 's no one target audience that will truly enjoy what Disney has to offer here .
Planes is not terrible , it is just not much of anything at all .
Even the worst Pixar effort to date operates several levels above this direct-to-video disaster .
Plain and vanilla
This is the laziest brand of kid 's film : the kind created by a bunch of marketing executives in a 90th floor boardroom . For shame , John Lasseter .
Young moviegoers will enjoy large segments of Planes but it 's difficult to ignore that the film is little more than an -LRB- often -RRB- dull and nearly-soulless cash grab .
a cloying commercial disguised as yet another House of Mouse wonder , and such disingenuousness is disturbing .
Since Disney and Pixar are now one and the same , the head honchos must have thought rehashing a proven formula would be a good idea . Not so much --
This is not an animated film that adults will find very intriguing .
`` Planes '' is so dull . A real crash-and-burn by Disney Studios , without the assistance of Pixar . And , it seems to be a rip-off of Pixar 's `` Cars '' with many of the same types of animated characters . What a disappointment .
The runways in Disney 's Planes are paved with good intentions , but an overreliance on exhausted underdog tropes and a lazy central irony prevent it from truly soaring into the clouds .
A visually colorful but otherwise vanilla continuation of the series .
Airborne adventure is OK for a few laughs ; some stereotypes .
The plot is generic to a fault .
It 's less a movie than a 92-minute bet that children will be amused by/willing to purchase anything with googly eyes slapped on it .
What a clunker .
Planes is n't going to join the pantheon of great animated Disney movies , but when it comes to light entertainment , it takes off smoothly , glides along on a sweet script and lands softly on a nice message .
Planes is tiring spin-off that 's stretching to copy the charm of material that was lacking it in the first place .
While I 'm not sure it needs a theatrical release , I 'm struck by the rarity of seeing such a comparatively simple , innocent cartoon on the big screen .
Good take-off . Decent , sometimes even excellent effects . Bad landing .
Planes is good enough , and may fly at the boxoffice , but it does not soar to the heavens .
Planes would be a fine DVD to have in your arsenal to keep your toddler boy occupied while you take a shower , if they 'd grown tired of Thomas the Tank Engine or Cars itself . It 's that level . Nothing more .
Strictly by the numbers , from the believe-in-yourself moral to the purely predictable ending .
You 're going to leave `` Planes '' wishing the title referred to something comparatively thrilling , like geometry .
The movie sputters to a start , has some nice moments in the middle and comes to a predictable conclusion , but at least it 's better than `` Cars 2 . ''
Everything in `` Planes '' is predictable and formulaic . The characters representing the planes of various nations are all basic stereotypes . Nothing is left to chance ; everything is made easy so the kids will have no trouble following along .
The modest ambitions for this movie are refreshing in a summer of over-plotted movies for kids .
The clichés just pile up and there is little attempt made to deviate from formula . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
Has the look and feel of Pixar 's 2006 hit , `` Cars , '' if not the latter 's charm or strong story .
`` Planes '' is for the most part content to imitate rather than innovate , presumably hoping to reap a respectable fraction of the box office numbers of `` Cars '' and `` Cars 2 , '' which together made hundreds of millions of dollars .
As with `` Cars , '' the world of `` Planes '' feels safe . A little too safe , perhaps .
It 's engaging enough , driving home the familiar message of following one 's dreams and the less hackneyed theme of facing one 's fears . But it feels far too familiar
A zippy little programmer designed to exploit the same vehicles-as-people formula as the Cars franchise .
While the plotting is rather pedestrian , the humour mostly lame , what makes Planes a stand-out experience - not surprisingly , based on Disney 's vast and impressive history of animated classics - is the visuals .
The movie is surprisingly not-bad considering that the original impulse behind the film was mercantile rather the artistic
A charmingly modest low-budget spin-off from Pixar 's `` Cars '' that provides more thrills and laughs for young children and their parents than many of its more elaborate brethren .
If `` Planes '' were a reasonably priced download , you 'd gladly use it to sedate your kids during a long car ride . As a theatrical , 3-D release , however , `` Planes '' will sedate you , too .
This film is 100 percent devoid of surprises . It 's the story of an underestimated underdog that 's like every other kid-friendly , life-coachy story about an underestimated underdog .
Has all the hallmarks of a straight-to-DVD project - inferior plot , dull writing , cheap drawing - perhaps because it was intended for the bargain bin at Target , Walmart , and Costco .
Seems ... like a lesser version of what may be Pixar 's two weakest efforts , the `` Cars '' movies .
It 's not terrible , but it still feels like a waste .
An innocuously silly movie .
It 's painfully plain that Planes aspires to be Son of Cars and Cars 2 ... so why did n't someone bring the pixie dust that makes Pixar 's animated flicks a cut above in wit , style and detail ?
Completely lacking in imagination and panache , it makes for a boring flight during which passengers young and old will inevitably get restless .
`` Planes '' was originally scheduled to be released straight to video . Although the smallest children might like bits and pieces of it , there 's nothing in the movie that suggests why Disney strayed from its original plan .
All in all , less-than-stellar Disney is still above-average entertainment , and `` Planes '' undoubtedly will keep the little fliers amused - even while their parents put their brains on autopilot .
Many will enter theaters thinking this is a Pixar film , with the raised expectations that accompany that mistake . But even cynical animation fans will see there 's quality here . After a little turbulence , `` Planes '' comes in for a nice landing .
It draws the narrowest bead on a target audience of any film in recent memory : Elementary school-age boys may well be delighted , but it offers not a scintilla of stimulation for anyone else .
The hero of `` Planes '' has trouble getting off the ground . So does the movie .
Not to say that `` Planes '' is worthwhile or even particularly defensible . It 's not . But it 's not nearly as much a nonsensical cynical cashgrab as `` Cars 2 ″ was .
It often looks cheap and dull , lacking the reflectivity and realism of the vehicles in the Cars series . As always , the 3-D does n't help . It makes those often bright , sunny skies seem dull and dingy .
`` Cars , '' with planes . And some cars . And a truck or two .
The jokes in `` Planes '' are runway flat , and parents will likely reach for the air-sickness bag .
A 3D animated family film about stepping into your dream and becoming all you were meant to be .
The corporate manipulation remains the same . However , Planes does possess the fluid animation `` Cars '' lacked , taking to the sky with a slick presentation of aerial balletics and cartoon antics .
Dull , lifeless and predictable , with a cast full of forgettable characters distinguished mostly by their exuberant embrace of ethnic stereotypes .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of those Chinese knockoff luxury sedans .
Smurf this movie too .
It 's a pleasant enough expression of a series of familiar story beats , but apart from a few brief action-sequence moments , it could hardly be more rote or vanilla .
When Planes really takes flight , it can be boldly transporting ... But as far as summertime animated fare goes , this is honestly one of the better movies ...
Is it wrong to expect more from the Disney brand when they 've proven they can do so much better than this disposable trifle ?
There is much to hate about this movie . Far more than there is to love , in fact . But I appreciate the dangerous turn so much that the glee overtook the Dane Cook-baked misery .
Basically a toy commercial with barely a laugh in it .
The film feels second-rate in every sense , from the quality of its animation to its C-list voice cast .
Despite the more aerodynamic setting , this Cars 3D offshoot emerges as an uninspired retread .
`` Planes '' borrows a world from `` Cars , '' but even compared to that soulless exercise in well-merchandised animated automotive adventure , `` Planes '' is dead in its big , googly eyes and hollow inside .
Functioning as a better sequel to Cars than does Cars 2 , it will undoubtedly accomplish what it sets out to accomplish : rev the engines of millions of ka-chowing spitfires .
Strangest is the film 's tendency toward racial stereotyping , which comes off as breezily silly at best and downright insensitive at worst -LRB- Cedric the Entertainer voices a Southern-accented laze-about biplane named Leadbottom -RRB- .
Allegedly next on the assembly line : Trains and Boats . All aboard ? Do we have a choice ?
`` Planes '' is so overrun with broad cultural stereotypes that it should come with free ethnic-sensitivity training for especially impressionable kids .
All but the youngest viewers may leave feeling they 've overpaid for this flight .
A formulaic underdog story , but it gets the formula right .
As shameless an attempt by Disney to sell more bedspreads to the under-10s as Planes is , it nonetheless manages to be a minor lark that will at least mildly amuse anyone who ever thrust their arms outward and pretended to soar over the landscape .
` Good ' for nothing but the electronic babysitting of toddlers and fomenting consumer desire in impressionable children for the new line of made-in-China Dusty Crophopper extruded plastic .
Little ones will love the bright action scenes , but the lack of wit and humanity that makes exec producer John Lasseter 's best work so special will leave grown-ups feeling frustratingly grounded .

@highlight

Planes has enough bright colors , goofy voices , and slick animation to distract some young viewers for 92 minutes -- and probably sell plenty of toys in the bargain -- but on nearly every other level , it 's a Disney disappointment .