By the end of `` Abduction , '' it 's even becoming difficult for supporting actors like Sigourney Weaver and Alfred Molina to keep from laughing at the lunacy unfolding .
Never goes far wrong as long as Taylor Lautner 's in motion
Lautner fans will enjoy five separate occasions where the star takes off his shirt but , for fans of worthwhile trips to the theater , Abduction is hard to recommend .
Card-carrying members of Team Jacob may approve , but Abduction wo n't help turn Lautner into the action star he clearly aspires to be .
In the end , we 're left with a semi-interesting story that was poorly executed and poorly thought out with a bad lead performance that merely exemplifies the weaknesses of the script .
The jury 's still out on Lautner 's leading man future .
Even subtracting Taylor Lautner 's mechanical performance , Abduction is an illogical train wreck riddled with messy direction , bad editing , tired action and plot holes galore .
Lautner is a distracting screen presence ; he 's like a living Mort Drucker caricature or a ` motion capture ' animated avatar of himself . Even so , he deserves better than this .
Boring fugitive action-flick meets insipid teen romance . Well before the movie shows any hint of ending , you 'll hope for a quick abduction , by any means , from the cineplex .
The holes in the film 's twist-filled story are often so big you could almost squeeze Lautner 's sex appeal through them .
At not a single point in this movie is anyone abducted .
This uneven thriller alternates between fast-paced action and confusing plot situations , but Taylor Lautner takes his shirt off again to please his fans .
... more twists and holes than a bad mountain road ...
The dude is so wooden it 's like watching Pinocchio with abs .
Lautner makes a laughable attempt to become an abdominal-flaunting action star in this abominably directed spy drama .
For an entertainment centering on teenagers the violence is , I think , excessive .
You look at the screen mainly because it beats staring at the auditorium walls .
The film 's Pittsburgh location is used to nice effect but little else about the movie rings true .
Some movies are hard to spoof .
As a stupidly-entertaining , implausible and downright far-fetched action flick , this no-brainer does the job better than the recent 30 Minutes Or Less .
The film has turbo-charged chases and fight sequences but the script is littered with unintentionally hilarious interludes and some excruciating dialogue .
It left me wishing the scriptwriters had been kidnapped and told they would not be released until they came up with more than one original idea .
Abduction is a brilliant action/thriller spoof that had me laughing from start to finish . Unfortunately , it is supposed to be an action/thriller .
Sigourney Weaver ? After Avatar , surely she does n't need the cash ?
A serviceable if familiar premise is executed without thrills and excitement while Lautner does n't have the necessary edge or charisma to carry the movie .
When Taylor Lautner is the least of a movie 's problems , be afraid .
Taylor Lautner gets his first solo vehicle - but the wheels come off pretty quickly thanks to a clunky script , cack-handed direction and , sadly , Lautner 's inadequacy as an actor .
Yet another embarrassing squandering of John Singleton 's talent , and proof that Taylor Lautner is n't ready to carry a film on his broad shoulders .
... an almost-passable thriller that would 've benefited from a much shorter running time ...
Lautner will likely get more chances to shine , but this is not his finest moment .
Taylor Lautner plays characters with mysterious origins and makes them boring .
-LSB- A -RSB- sleek-looking but mechanically dodgy vehicle ...
The reveal is so mind-numbingly stupid that it stops the film in its tracks and it gets progressively worse from that point onwards .
Agent Cody Banks meets post-shark jump 24 , with what appears to be an 8-year-old Soviet body builder in the lead role .
There 's a brief window ... during which Abduction is good enough , which is obviously not the same as `` good '' , but any port in a storm .
While the ultra-banal dialogue draws the occasional titter , the action scenes are tame and it 's rife with plot holes that you could navigate a burning blimp through .
Taylor Lautner and Lily Collins are not ready for prime time and not ready to carry a movie .
The movie is a more objective opportunity to assess Lautner 's potential as a general-purpose action hero once his emo-goth run wraps . You might not want to go betting on that one .
Filled with dialogue that hits the floor like syrup on a wet sponge , and chase scenes that barely register a pulse , `` Abduction '' is a less than disposable action thriller ; it 's pre-disposable .
A blockhead espionage thriller from director-for-hire John Singleton -LRB- Boyz N the Hood -RRB- .
Perhaps the only way to approach Abduction that will not result in a 105-minute boredom-induced coma is to think of it as a comedy , preferably with a drinking game attached .
Lautner 's fun to watch , but the movie still wears thin , brought low by a useless and insufferable female lead and a plot that begins as cheerfully nonsensical and gradually grows into idiocy .
Abduction needs two different reviews . For the Lautner fans , this is so the film you 've been waiting for . For non-fans , it 's full of holes , impossibilities and unintentionally hilarious dialog written by a sixth grader that does n't get out much .
This teen chase thriller is loaded with unbelievable plot devices , lame dialogue and yes , a leading man who just ca n't carry a picture .
... a film containing both the dramatic depth and shelf life of an old issue of `` Tiger Beat . ''
This may not keep Team Jacob from sharpening its silver bullets , but I went into `` Abduction '' with no preconceived notions about Taylor Lautner . I was n't the only blank slate in the theater . I just was n't the one feebly trying to carry this movie .
It 's entirely forgettable , like Lautner will be once these last Twilight films work their way through Hollywood 's lower intestines .
The best unintentional comedy of the year .
Underwhelming action thriller has deaths , violence .
The movie travels down a bumpy road full of plot holes and left-turn logic that will have many in the audience chuckling at the idiocy of the various characters and situations . -LRB- Movie Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The script , direction , and pretty much everything else feels like Jack Bauer , 24 : The Teen Years .
Singleton once radiated ambition and vision . These days , he seems to be aiming for mediocrity at best . Even by those extraordinarily lenient standards , the inessential , perfunctory Abduction falls short .
Furious but sadly silly ... visually a slick piece of work -LSB- but -RSB- so astonishingly stupid in storytelling terms that by the end you 'll be suppressing chuckles over its inanity .
Sadly , it 's impossible to fake the faintest enthusiasm for this picture , which is a fourth-rate Hollywood thriller that bungles a lot of thievery from better movies .
If Abercrombie and Fitch made movies , they would look something like Abduction
He gets to find love , kick some ass , and even kill some bad guys . And all of it is very , very silly .
Whether the fault was haste or cynicism , Abduction feels like a movie designed to ride on the back of Twilight 's phenomenal success , with held noses and paycheques all around .
I saw it with a young male audience and most of the time they were laughing . Not at the fight scenes , but at the dialogue , and they were right -- it was frequently risible .
Lautner seems perfectly capable of playing a three-dimensional character who can also , as it happens , kick butt , but you 'd never know it from Abduction .
The finale sets up a sequel but if Singleton is on board , I suspect they 'll have to pay the supporting cast a mountain of money to make up for the embarrassment of taking part .
This Taylor Lautner starrer has a good shot at being the year 's most entertaining bad film .
-LSB- Lautner 's -RSB- not a terrible actor , but if he wants a career after the Twilight fades , he 'll pick better films .
A ridiculously cheesy confection filled with unthrilling thrills , bored-looking adults and a comically overstuffed backstory .
Twi-Hards shall attend en masse . Adults shall roll their eyes . And on our human comedy shall go .
Just because Abduction is self-aware enough to acknowledge it 's a rip-off , does n't mean audiences will enjoy getting ripped off .
Abduction has a lot of problems , but the biggest is the fact that no one gets abducted . Ever .
What do audiences expect from Lautner ? The pretty boy got his start in ` Twilight , ' which is no cinematic masterpiece . Does ` Abduction ' suck ? Yes ! Does it matter ? No ! ''
There 's absolutely no reason to have to suffer through Abduction unless you have been abducted against your will into seeing it .
`` Abduction '' is just the third movie John Singleton has directed in the past decade , and it contains neither the passion nor the competence of his two previous genre efforts - `` 2 Fast 2 Furious '' and `` Four Brothers . ''
On one hand , there are no glittering vampires to hoot at here . On the other , Lautner , poor devil , still ca n't get laid .
If this picture is any indication of Lautner 's acting future , maybe an immediate switch to underwear modeling is ultimately the best bet for the boy star and those of us who still enjoy going to the movies .
Why , for his first theatrical job in six years , is Singleton - who has a busy producing career on the side - directing this ? The film has a decent budget -LRB- and hints , desperately , at sequels -RRB- . But a Taylor Lautner teen-spy movie ? Really ?
One of the worst films of 2011 . The script and editing are so horrific that it made Sigourney Weaver and Alfred Molina , two great actors , look bad . Stay far away !
Director John Singleton keeps things moving but brings absolutely nothing to the table in terms of personality .
Actual abduction may be preferable to the movie of the same name , but only if your kidnappers do n't torture you by forcing you to watch it .
`` Abduction '' has plenty of problems , and the least of them , as it turns out , is Taylor Lautner .
An undemanding , escapist 106 minutes , with a variety of stunts and chases . There are a couple of surprises and a few slightly cheesy moments , but it essentially does what it is meant to
The plot is so preposterous that the details hardly matter except to say that there are extravagant stunts , splashy action sequences and a taylor-made romance -LRB- sorry , could n't resist -RRB- between Lautner and Lily Collins
Lautner appears as stiff and confused as a middle-school kid caught unprepared in the school play .
May be one of the most patently incompetent action-thrillers we 've seen in some time .
Filled with laughable dialogue , Abduction goes nowhere .
Taylor Lautner ca n't carry a movie any more than Abigail Breslin can carry a refrigerator .
Far removed from the fairytale land of Forks , this time the man with The Chest does n't transform into a werewolf . But neither does he transform into a credible leading man .
A haggardly slapdash Bourne Identity knockoff , never rising above the level of basic competence .
This may be the first film I 've even seen where when an actor goes to put his hand thoughtfully on his chin , it 's so awkward I became afraid he 'd somehow miss and poke himself in the eye .
To give Mr. Lautner his due , he is a martial-arts dervish with perfectly sculptured abs . His acting , however , is another matter .
Taylor Lautner tries to hold his own in an action thriller too silly to give him much of a chance .
It 's too early in Lautner 's career to judge whether he 's going to blossom from box-of-kittens-adorable teen dream to actual actor , but movies as wispy as Abduction are n't going to help him get there .
As an action star , Lautner handles himself reasonably well . He has a bit too much of a boy-band singer look to him , but he 's likeable and the major deficiency of `` Abduction '' is n't his . It 's the script .
The electricity of the Twilight phenomenon may have zapped Taylor Lautner to super-stardom , but it ai n't gon na keep him there . Sadly , it is already apparent the 19-year-old shall never learn to act in his , yours or any other lifetime .
`` Abduction '' falls in the same corner of the youth market as the `` Twilight '' movies . Some moments and many lines feel cribbed from that series .
Last I checked , tweenage girls were n't too keen on this genre , and the boys who normally would be a fan will likely be disappointed by -LSB- Abduction 's -RSB- bloodless , stagnant lameness .
Flat teenage melodrama meets off the mark assassination thriller in the woefully made Abduction .
Bourne leaves no legacy for Singelton 's asinine thriller .
Singleton is poorly equipped to handle teenage angst , a fact made far worse by cringe-worthy dialogue and a wooden leading man who proves that he has not yet developed the skills required to carry a film .
Lautner is n't much of an actor and behind his face is a brain ticking away at one kilometre per hour with the repetitive long-held close-ups of his face yielding no more emotional insights than the equally long close-ups of his stomach
We may never know if Abduction is satire or misfire , but I spent the entire film wracked by gales of choking laughter .
Sooner or later Taylor Lautner is going to have to stop excelling despite the limitations his films put upon him . For now , he 'll have to make do with surviving one of the year 's worst films .
Two reasons not to go see Abduction : first , every screening is guaranteed to be jam-packed with rabid girls squealing every time its star , Twilight 's Taylor Lautner is on screen . Second : it 's just not a good movie .
A made-by-committee exercise in soulless money-grubbing .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's like Taylor Lautner made a movie just for Team Jacob ! ... Mostly it 's a lot of Taylor standing around not moving his face or anything so that we can just look at him ...


@highlight

A soulless and incompetent action/thriller not even a veteran lead actor could save , let alone Taylor Lautner .