Initially intriguing yet ultimately atrocious ...
A bloody psycho thriller that derails in the third act with the addition of the supernatural , but until that point is amazingly realistic and alarming .
this devilishly ambiguous thriller leaves viewers to decide whether to take the conventional or the less-traveled tunnel through its narrative network - and the results are a stylishly bloody descent into madness , murder and hell itself .
So thoroughly coated in over-the-top blood and guts that even veteran genre fans will likely be astounded .
It 's excessively and imaginatively gory , presented in a straightforward manner , but with the slightest hint of a wink .
Midnight Meat Train may be no classic of the genre , but it 's certainly a better and more interesting film than most of what passes for horror movies these days .
Not at all Butchered .
Midnight Meat Train brings an unabashed brutality to the horror genre .
... remarkably effective and , when it finally arrives at the end of the line , admirably simple .
This is the best Clive Barker-inspired movie in a long , long time -- probably since `` Hellraiser III '' in 1992 .
Goes full speed on ultra-gory rails before slamming to an abrupt stop .
while skimpy on characterization and plot , it should please gorehounds and Barker fans alike
Japanese director Ryuhei Kitamura , who kicked off his career with 2000 's impressive micro-budget zombie flick Versus , delivers plenty of stylish visuals and an admirably unrestrained attitude to gore .
The film hurtles towards the final ` revelation moment ' like runaway train . If only it had stopped to take on board some of Barker 's heavy mythical dread .
Unfairly buried by its distributors in the US , this film takes what could have been a drab set-up and gives it some real bravado , energy and creativity .
The Midnight Meat Train is destined for cult status as an minor horror gem .
a stylishly bloody descent into madness , murder and Hell itself .
Midnight Meat Train can best be described as splatter noir . It 's Fritz Lang by way of an abattoir .
Destined to be a cult classic as a vicious , brilliant , and disgusting horror film ...
Japanese cult director Ryuhei Kitamura maintains impressive control of the story , ratcheting up tension toward well-prepared and startling bursts of terror .
This sharp and brutal little yarn about a photographer who stumbles across a serial killer is a fan film if every there was one -- and only fans will be able to stomach it .
We hate to side with the big bad studio , but The Midnight Meat Train -- despite a great title -- really does stink like month-old human flesh .
More interesting than most of the torture-porn or Asian-inspired thrillers that make it to theaters these days , but its tired combination of incongruously pretty fashion-mag photography and outrageously gruesome digital effects is dead on arrival .
An efficient slasher with a surprisingly slow build-up and a decent amount of originality . Plus the best use of Vinnie Jones in any movie
Public-transit terror tale is beyond bloody . Pass .
Before flying off the rails in the final curve , The Midnight Meat Train rolls quite smoothly as a mid - '80s - style psycho-killer thriller a la The Hitcher .
It was a pretty neat concept , but it has such a bad script and bogged down with horrendous acting that I ca n't say it 's a good movie
We 've all been here before : scarcely-lit , acid-washed cinematography ; dreamlike storytelling ; absurdly pitched performances ; a lauded Asian filmmaker making his American debut ; and plenty of CG snap to the bloodletting .
Manages to maintain that sly sense of dread that permeates the best of Barker 's horror tales . Certainly one of the most effective horror films of the year .
MEAT TRAIN is the first BOOK OF BLOOD to depart from the station in a long time and it 's refreshing to see that the film carries that bleak , yet romantic touch of Clive Barker all over it ... it 's guaranteed to make you squirm , scream and beg for more !

@highlight

A creative and energetic adaptation of a Clive Barker short story , with enough scares and thrills to be a potential cult classic .