Goodbye Solo is Bahrani 's best film so far , better even than Chop Shop . The images produced by Michael Simmonds , his regular cinematographer , are more definitive , more miniature .
Goodbye Solo feels lived-in rather than forced upon us . Bahrani , who is his own editor , and regular DP Michael Simmonds have a sad , solitary , streetlamp-lit feel for night-shift rhythms .
Goodbye Solo relies on forced character dynamics and two clunkily directed , monotonous turns , in a milieu ... that fails to take satisfactory shape .
As a diary of travels in multiculti America , it 's in the same bag as The Visitor , for better or worse .
A marvel of pathos and pace
Un entrañable y sutil retrato humano , sostenido por el choque y la complementariedad entre dos caracteres muy distintos . Excelente elección de actores que parecen interpretarse a sí mismos .
Hopeful about the rewards that can be mined from the broadening of perspective that comes with getting to know someone outside of your usual social zone .
One of the year 's best films !
An odd-couple relationship fuels a slow-burning but ultimately moving emotional and spiritual journey in Ramin Bahrani 's third feature .
Utterly engrossing dual-character study , unfolding with a serene disregard for indie quirkiness , Goodbye Solo radiates authenticity .
The problem trying to deal with a self-destructive pessimist is you can never convince them that tomorrow might just be a better day .
Goodbye Solo asks far more questions than it answers , yet there 's something in the tender humanity of the journey that seems to matter much more .
Working to a spare screenplay , Bahrani offers none of the usual clues about either the cabbie 's surprising determination to prevent the tragedy or the old man 's reasons for suicide . This does n't always help the quiet drama .
The final sequence up in the mountains is particularly affecting .
Subtle and unflinching , this is genuine and charming .
An endearing character piece shot through with beauty and humility in which , thanks to his leads ' open , sometimes vulnerable performances , tolerance and respect take precedence .
The strange power of those final moments - at once tender , tragic and triumphant - grant this unassuming drama about saying goodbye to Solo the status of a minor masterpiece played in an appropriately minor key .
You get the sense that writer-director Ramin Bahrani is mystified by America 's abandonment of its elderly , and there 's a whiff of disapproval in his treatment of this theme , but it 's only a whiff .
An instantly gripping , funny , quietly persuasive drama that held me from the first frames .
If cinematic form follows cinematic function then Goodbye Solo is a perfect Mercedes of a movie . It is comprised of a quietly purring but powerful narrative engine .
A beautifully understated story of an unconventional friendship .
The raptures that greeted Ramin Bahrani 's Goodbye Solo at festivals last year are wholly deserved .
It 's touching in its way , though Bahrani 's writing is not nearly as strong as his visual sense , and the denouement is perhaps too understated for its own good .
A quietly affecting , acutely observed little gem of a drama .
As the pair touchingly begin to connect , the film 's heart begins to beat : not in a mawkish , sentimental way but with attitude , humour and hope .
Thanks to its engaging leads , colorful Southern setting and poignant story , Goodbye Solo is uplifting despite its solemn subject .
While Bahrani once again shines a light on a fascinating corner of the American experience , he does so while telling a disappointingly contrived story .
He 's the best American filmmaker working today whom you 've never heard of : Ramin Bahrani has the exquisite talent of making the ordinary and the mundane soar into realms of rarefied and unexpectedly moving drama .
Behind the noble intentions and cluttered rooms and grimy windshields , however , lies a salt-and-pepper portrait with almost as many undercooked contrivances .
Fine performances all around act like vital organs within the body of Bahrani 's resonant chamber piece .
It 's an American film that looks like an arty European film , and I mean that as a sincere compliment .
Bahrani 's his experimental -LRB- and , some might argue , pretentious -RRB- dramas can wander off course in search of honest emotion , often to the detriment of his story .
It 's intelligent and emotional , not studied or sappy .
You 'll realize you 're in the presence of something very special .
It is both funny and sad , placid and provocative and , above all , hopeful and despairing .
For the performances , the cinematography and the overall experience of this character-driven drama , you can put Goodbye Solo into the must-see category .
Every moment -- including a physically exhausting climactic scene that both confounds expectations and compounds the film 's poetic majesty -- is evidence of a masterpiece .
What happens in Goodbye Solo meets the complex demands of good classic storytelling .
The beauty of this third feature from director Ramin Bahrani , who co-wrote it with Bahareh Azimi , is how efficiently it disarms uneasy expectations .
Bahrani brings a researcher 's integrity , an artist 's compassion and a detective 's eye for the neglected detail to his tales of this country 's struggling international underclass ...
The lack of melodrama coupled with moments of quiet celebration make Goodbye Solo a more uplifting tale than one might expect with such a less-than-joyous premise .
The acting is flawless , the world feels utterly real , and the finale accomplishes the miracle of finding in the everyday world something profound .
A nice antidote to the action-comes-first style of filmmaking that dominates movies this time of year .
Goodbye Solo is the sort of film that truly defies categorization , and that may pose a challenge to some moviegoers . But there are certain works of art to which the rules do not apply . This is one of them .
I imagine all of us could use some quality Solo time in our lives .
What began as something of a lark becomes increasingly grave , and the actors skillfully adjust to that change in tone .
A quietly soulful study of two very different men .
Bahrani 's new movie , Goodbye Solo , offers further proof that he is one of the best reasons to keep going to the movies .
The overall effect of Goodbye Solo is of living through a drama of huge subjects , articulated in the vernacular .
A memorable study in humanity rather than the sentimental bath it might have been .
Solo builds to a spellbinding conclusion that left me with ironic developments I 'm still thinking about .
The crazy-quilt quality of these immigrants mixing it up with Southern rednecks like William is deftly underplayed , and so it has more resonance for us .
The performances are exhilarating in their precision , and so is the director 's eye .
The movie starts fast and the pace rarely relents . Goodbye Solo is almost frighteningly alive : Other filmmakers must wonder exactly how Ramin Bahrani packs so much personality in what could have been standard indie fare .
A poignant work of great beauty .
For a movie critic , one of the pleasures of Bahrani 's approach to moviemaking is the opportunity to write about feelings and behavior , to continue to wonder about the characters ' inner lives weeks after leaving the movie theater .
... Ramin Bahrani proves he is a filmmaker of grace ... it is astonishing to realize just how fully we can know another person 's essence with very little hard data to go on .
Hums with life and with good humor ... a uniquely human-sized movie .
Goodbye Solo is a deceptive film . Its style is spare , rigorous , almost anti-dramatic , but it deals thoughtfully with some of the most complex elements of the human equation .
Interactions between 2 tasty personalities warm the picture & lift it into the realm of special . However , by the hour mark - drops pace a notch and feels a tad incomplete .
A darkly poetic parable of the solitude of human existence , somewhat ameliorated by the occasional generosity of the human spirit .
Almost as soon as he appears in Goodbye Solo , the optimistic Solo is confronted with another perspective , belonging to a weary fare named William .
Creating his fiction shrewdly , Ramin Bahrani ultimately suggests that finality , too , has its beauty , and must be valued as much as endless possibility .
For Bahrani , Goodbye Solo is strong proof of his status as a great independent talent .
Most of the movie 's subterranean emotion is found in the unsettled relationship between Solo and William , and in the extraordinary performances by the two leading men .
A truly human and humane drama that does n't constantly poke and prod at you in order to get an emotional reaction , this film is a small treasure that is definitely worth seeking out .
Bahrani has not told the quintessential American story , but it 's certainly a potent one .
A playful , elusive movie that is n't so much heartwarming as soul-cleansing .
A thin character study over which critics wank themselves into a state of ecstasy at all the meaning they can superimpose on the film .
Bahrani and his collaborator , Bahareh Azimi , have constructed an unusual story with a superb script . I would n't have believed that the setting here would be Winston-Salem , but then again , I guess that 's the point of this unconventional tale .
Sy Savane and West play against each other 's characters perfectly , and their performances will have you thinking about this story long after the movie ends .
It 's hopeful and tragic but without any false Hollywood melodrama .
I felt the film was incredibly stripped down -- which is fine -- but there 's nothing else to sort of help build it back up again .
Ramin Bahrani is a promising filmmaker who needs to work much harder at crafting dialogue and complete stories , and not believe the false praise being bestowed on him by the A.O. Scotts of the world .
Another powerful film by Bahrani using the bare minimum of sets and sound track and an inexperienced actor in the lead role . A film that is well produced and convey a strong message .
An emotional lullaby about lost diverse souls trying to cope with the rigors of life in a confining , cultural cage of ambivalence ... another tantalizing triumph for Bahrani
A profoundly moving , raw , tender and gently uplifting drama that celebrates the importance of unconditional human compassion .
While Goodbye Solo is an easy film to admire , I have to admit that it never really had me riveted .
Touching and uplifting , Goodbye Solo is a small gem .
The emotion here is genuine , but the outlook is tough : in Bahrani 's movies we 're all aliens to each other .
What really sets the picture apart and makes it an achievement worth remembering is its transcendent faith in what Abraham Lincoln called `` the better angels of our nature . ''
A film light in plot but generous in spirit .
The story told in Goodbye Solo , Ramin Bahrani 's wonderful third feature , is moving and mysterious , and you may find yourself pondering its implications for a long time after the film 's simple and haunting final images have faded .
There 's hope yet for world cinema if an Iranian-American director can take the premise of an Iranian film , set it in North Carolina , cast the lead roles with an African fashion model and Elvis Presley 's former bodyguard , and produce something utterly new .
I 'm not sure what it would take for Bahrani to reach the audience he deserves , but making one good film after another ca n't hurt .
the tale of an unlikely friendship , one that reaches across generational and cultural barriers
Continues -LSB- Bahrani 's -RSB- persistent , sympathetic documentation of first-generation immigrants on the margins of society . And in an indie world too long dominated by navel-gazers , Bahrani 's work has become an important corrective .
One of those movies that I think will change as I get older , growing even more with time . If we 're lucky , you can say that about a few films a year . It 's nice to get one so early in 2009 .
Bahrani is the new great American director . He never steps wrong . In Goodbye Solo , he begins with a situation that might unfold in a dozen different ways and makes of it something original and profound .
Bahrani again proves himself a master of tapping into the art of everyday living without trying to coax out beauty that is n't there .
Those who enjoy sublime naturalism should appreciate Bahrani 's latest effort ... though it 's just as likely to frustrate those looking for more of a story , one that moves at a more respectable pace
The internal nature of the story here is underscored by Michael Simmonds ' camerawork , which appears daring in simplicity without being claustrophobic .
Bahrani possesses a disciplined sense of composition and form , a vision of the world that extends beyond the boundaries of his own navel , and the understanding that it is possible to make films about class and race in this country without pandering .
Offbeat relationship between a Senegalese cab driver and a suicidal Southerner makes for an interesting character study .
-LSB- Writer-director -RSB- has made a true drama , a tug-of-war between hope and resignation in which neither player openly speaks to what 's coming .
Solo confronts a less-than-jolly existence with a perpetual smile and helping hand , his upbeat , selfless attitude a means of repelling the harsh realities that threaten to break his spirit .
A compelling film about the difficulty of the spiritual practice of compassion .
The life-affirming dialogue easily draws the audience into the funky surroundings of Winston-Salem , North Carolina .
A deeply affecting portrait of the way that we are all changed in small but significant ways by our encounters with others .







@highlight

An original and thoughtful human drama , Goodbye Solo looks at relationships and loneliness while proving director Ramin Bahrani 's is an important American voice .