It 's all perfectly acceptable viewing and it has its heart in the right place , but with only one memorable musical number and very little comedy , it 's just not as fresh and fun as the first film .
Frankly , it seems like the story took a backseat in favour of the visuals , coming across as a loosely related series of song and dance numbers that work better separately than in the context of the film .
Though it may lack the heart or jeopardy to be a real attention-grabber it 's perfectly tolerable entertainment these holidays .
It shares more in common with the brash lunacy of Rango than the safe , flat work of Arthur Christmas despite the similarly chilly locals of the latter .
Happy Feet Two is a fun uplifting family flick that accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do .
`` Happy Feet Two '' is to 2006 's `` Happy Feet '' what `` Babe : Pig in the City '' was to `` Babe , '' a clever and adorable original film remade with most of the charm wrung out of it .
Happy Feet Two is a fun uplifting family flick that accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do .
The film might be too chaotic for some audiences , but for those willing to sit back and enjoy the rapid-fire ride , Happy Feet Two will bring a smile to your face .
Not a bad film , just a disappointing one .
But I liked how subtle Miller and company 's handling of their Global Warming and Climate Change message was this time , how they do n't hit the viewer over the head with their proselytizing .
Miller has gone bigger and better on everything - the stakes are raised , the risk is greater , the fears are bigger , and , as a result , the pay-offs are better and the highs higher .
It 's a film that only deals in excess , so unless you 're a deliriously happy person with a serious foot fetish , you 'd best give Happy Feet Two a miss .
Back to Antarctica for this second helping of `` The Dance of the Penguins , '' the voices are in fine form .
Top grade animation and entertaining voice performances from its star packed cast saves Happy Feet Two from drowning in its bigger is better approach .
More feet , more songs , more music , more characters ... more everything , but less of story than the original . The heart of the film is scattered , but it fails to connect as satisfactorily as it did before
Youngsters and their families will be captivated by the show and the superb techno-whizzery never ceases to amaze
This is it : the collectivist kiddie flick that makes it look like fun to work together for the betterment of all . Disgusting !
What Happy Feet Two lacks in robust narrative is made up in song and dance , which provides the thrills - as well as the stars of the hour , the krills .
Brad Pitt and Matt Damon should have known better
The visuals are nice to look at .
It 's a family-friendly food chain in which no one gets eaten .
Happy Feet Two is great to look at , but it goes off on odd tangents that prevent the plot from catching hold .
While ` Happy Feet ' focused on the tap-dancing Emperor Penguin named Mumble ... this one spends more time with his little son Erik ... who is simply irresistible . If one agrees that penguins in general are cute , Erik ups the ante considerably .
At its best , this film offers some fantastic panoramic views of the kingdom of the multitudinous Emperor penguin .
A film approximately 48 times worse than the original .
The plot is flimsy and the script frequently off-key , heavy-handedly dealing with parenting and friendship issues then ladling on sickly sentiment .
Preaches acceptance but requires assimilation . You dance or you die . Join the party , swim with the swarm .
The visuals are frequently spectacular and the environmental concerns are admirable , but this simply does n't have the charm of the original .
Effectively , it 's a few computer-generated birds staring into the abyss for an hour and a half . I know exactly how they felt .
Technically accomplished and otherwise uninspired sequel to the 2006 CGI hit about a dancing penguin in Antarctica .
This one is as stupid as it looks , which is saying something .
A shambles that 's somehow both terribly lazy and hernia-inducingly overcranked at the same time . Disappointing .
It has its moments and is certainly not a bad film , but it fails to entertain in quite the same way .
Plot-wise it 's a meandering , stuttering mess with tsunamis roaring into life only to mysteriously disappear , a fistful of plot strands meaninglessly loitering about and any sense of danger immediately undermined by all-too-obvious solutions .
Enjoyable sequel with colourful characters , some terrific song choices , strong vocal performances and an inspired and hilarious sub-plot , but it 's slightly let down by a weak central story .
If there 's a saving grace , it 's the visuals , especially the beautiful scenes of orange krill . But that 's about all .
If Miller is fearless enough to spin this morally and logically complex tale , deepening it and strengthening it with tough , dark themes , his technical filmmaking prowess are equal to the task .
If the original , Academy-Award-winning `` Happy Feet '' left you with your toes tapping , then you 'll leave this one with happy feet , too .
... perfectly adequate family fare for the holiday season , but it 's very much a second-tier cartoon movie .
A whirlwind of activity and energy , very little of which makes sense and none of which coheres .
A beautifully made movie that never matches the freshness and enthusiasm of the original
Why are these movies so depressing ?
If you are looking for a family fun holiday weekend then `` Happy Feet Two '' is for you .
Overshadowed by more darkness , menace , heartache and anxiety than any talking-animal picture I can think of since Miller 's last family-film sequel , the execrable Babe : Pig in the City .
It 's still a lot of fun to see dancing , singing penguins , but the meandering storyline never catches hold .
If Happy Feet was tonally unsteady , Happy Feet Two is tone-deaf .
While the singing and dancing are still a lot of fun , Miller seems to have spent more time thinking of set pieces than storylines .
gets by largely on goofy energy and good-naturedness , not quote-unquote ` strong writing ' or ` clear ideas . '
While the film 's 3D animation is pretty enough to look at in its large scale aspect , it does little to distract from a meandering story with very little substance .
Despite some amazing animation and cool song mash-ups , this flat-footed follow-up is as messy and overcrowded as , well , an island packed with poopy penguins .
For all the noise and flapping , the movie , like its heroes , remains flightless .
What we have here is a case of very flat ` Feet . '
This cheap knockoff has the same energy & spirit of exuberance , but the flimsy story is not as strong as its predecessor . The movie suffers from cliché-ridden dialogue after exhilarating highs from a string of big musical numbers featuring ...
`` It brings out my happy . '' For kids facing a potentially rough adulthood , it 's probably a message worth hearing , maybe more than once .
Happy Feet Two works because the prospect of penguins singing covers has n't lost its appeal .
Mumble is grown up . He has a son Eric . The boy is convinced he can fly . If only his movie could fly .
Happy Feet Two is like the crazy nasty honey badger . It really does n't give a. . .
In a lot of ways Happy Feet Two resembles the television show Glee ; it 's fun and magical during the musical numbers and kind of dull and uninteresting the rest of the time .
Happy Feet was one of the greatest and most original animated films , but the sequel ca n't even decide what it 's about for the first 40 minutes .
While ` Happy Feet ' focused on the tap-dancing Emperor Penguin named Mumble ... this one spends more time with his little son Erik ... who is simply irresistible .
We get a feeling we 've seen it all before .
The gotta-move protagonist of the first animated , Antarctica-set feature -- a misfit young Emperor penguin named Mumble -- returns for the sequel . Only this time he 's all grown up ... and a lot less fun .
More than the ice is thin in Happy Feet Two .
The film reminds viewers young and old that to make a positive change , sometimes the little guy at the bottom of the food chain needs to stomp his feet .
Other than commercially , more is less in this antic , not so funny sequel to the 2006 blockbuster .
The disjointed , undercooked sequel to the Oscar-winning 2006 hit aims to tell life lessons and celebrate pop music , but this would-be toe-tapper is curiously out of step .
Much like its Oscar-winning predecessor , the story focuses on lads and dads , though there are strong mama figures and daughters , too .
It 's not very good as a film , but there 's no denying its stunning animation , particularly in the service of its two daffiest new characters Will -LRB- voice of Brad Pitt -RRB- and Bill the Krill -LRB- voice of Matt Damon -RRB- , and its sheer lunacy can be invigorating .
Penguin sequel has fun musical numbers , a few mild scares .
As a philosophical krill on a voyage of self discovery , Brad Pitt single-handedly saves ` Happy Feet Two ' .
Follows in the original 's footsteps on a more reasonable scale while sparing audiences an emotional ambush .
... does n't even know how to play to its own strengths .
It 's not that songs like L.L. Cool J 's `` Mama Said Knock You Out '' or the Rivingtons ' oldie `` Papa-Oom-Mow-Mow '' are better known . It 's just that they 're better written .
It ca n't match the original , but it 's not the first sequel to fail on that front , and it still offers plenty of fun and enjoyment in compensation .
If not for a few , new additions to the cast and an oddly effective , overarching theme of existentialism , Happy Feet Two would be a wholly dismissible sequel .
Only the series ' bread and butter -- the song-and-dance performances -- are able to occasionally buoy the flagging energy . When the music stops , `` Happy Feet Two '' flounders .
A penguin movie that even Werner Herzog might like .
It 's hard to resist dancing penguins , but `` Happy Feet Two '' may make you want to try .
The movie 's bereftness of invention can be measured by how no story element builds on another . Instead , `` Happy Feet Two '' is plotted so that a bunch of disparate things happen , until it 's time to end the movie .
bright , zany , rollicking , and not at all engaging
97 minutes of nonstop joy .
It 's hard to resist a children 's movie where two comic krill named Will and Bill toss off a reference to existential angst one minute and make really bad wordplays , as in `` Goodbye , krill world '' and `` one in a krillion , '' the next .
The actual narrative - something about following your heart , the importance of family and global warming - is bland and disjointed .
Happy Feet Two is just too big and overloaded - too much of an almost-good thing .
For a computer-animated movie about dancing penguins , it 's surprisingly leaden . Not even the impressive voice talent can rev up this clumsy spectacle .
Like father , like son ; like Disney , like everyone else . And like first movie , like sequel .
If it were n't for the comic relief provided by Will and Bill , tiny shrimplike crustaceans known as krill and voiced by Brad Pitt and Matt Damon , this would be a forbidding return to Antarctica indeed .
The best animated film of 2011 with its quirky characters , lively dancing , soaring songs , and the heroism of many different animals banding together in face of an eco-disaster that threatens them all .
The show-tune-warbling penguins of `` Happy Feet '' are endangered by climate change in `` Happy Feet Two . '' While I 'm rooting for the survival of every creature , I would n't mind seeing this movie series become extinct .
It 's familiar enough not to spook fans of the -LRB- highly profitable -RRB- first , but Happy Feet Two branches out beyond prefab coming-of-age stories and gimmicky pop-song set pieces .
Centuries from now , cultural historians will look at `` Happy Feet Two '' and ask one question : What the heck were they smoking ?
Pointless and plotless , though not entirely flightless -LRB- a puffin named Sven passes himself off as a flying penguin -RRB- .
Although appealing to look at , Happy Feet Two is noisy , busy , and unable to spark much emotional involvement in the viewer other than fear for the characters ' well-being and a touch of existential angst by way of a couple of krill .
The animation remains impressive , and there are some very funny moments , courtesy of the talented cast . But fans of the original will want to lower their expectations .
Happy Feet 2 may not be blazing a trail as smoothly and distinctively as the original film did ... but you and your kids will find it a pleasant enough journey .
Even though it mimics the original , `` Happy Feet Two '' is incoherent , and if there 's an actual story here , it 's drowned out by the vapid pop songs , yapping wisecracks and flapping wings of too many characters .
The script belongs at the bottom of the ocean . The songs belong on ` Now That 's What I Do n't Call Music . '
Miller makes nice , subtle points about interdependence on earth . Meanwhile , the earthmates in Happy Feet Two continue to dance , sing , and , yes , charm .
This is a film smart enough to set up atypically nuanced , supportive relationships between Erik and his baby-penguin friends , and dumb enough to regularly lean on repetitive broad physical comedy .
The original won an Oscar for best animated film . I would n't hold out the same hopes for the sequel .
Aside from novel and smart uses of 3D effects , the new movie is largely a bore , all but sidelining Williams and straining to offset the monotony of a protracted rescue story with the sour misadventures of a pair of fussy krill .
For me , `` Happy Feet Two '' is pretty thin soup .
Duplicates many of the strengths of the original , without surpassing or even matching its originality and inspiration
... the magic of the first often fades with part two 's overly long and slightly redundant tale of singing and dancing penguins
Easily the most interesting part of the story has nothing to do with the overdramatic penguin club but rather a pair of excestentialist krill .
Fresh , funny and family-friendly , it 's a cheerful crowd-pleaser .
A disappointing sequel that retains the impressive visuals of the 2006 Oscar-winning original , but lacks its narrative energy and charm .
Lovely to look at despite the 3D , and sometimes bordering on the psychedelic , this crack-brained morality tale blends the sublimely weird and the cloyingly awful ...
March away , penguins . Far away .
Has absolutely everything except the light touch required for unaffected charm -- the mugging is savage -- a single piece of memorable original music , or a production number that 's celebratory rather than trampling .
Like me , you probably like a handful of the pop songs , but would describe the experience of seeing them performed by multi-million-dollar , anthropomorphized animals as not being too far off from watching a graphic training film on venereal disease .
This new round of toe-tapping musical numbers from the penguin population is shot in eye-poppingly gorgeous 3D and guarantees some very sweet holiday box office returns for Warner Bros. .
It has less plot than an hour of Sesame Street , fewer jokes than a Republican presidential debate , and astonishing computer animation , in wholly unnecessary 3D .
A moralizing musical that feels the lesser of its Oscar-winning predecessor in every way , Happy Feet 2 dances as fast as it can but ca n't kick up any level of engagement beyond occasional raucous diversion .
Though it retains the buoyant musical stylings and splendid visuals that made its predecessor so distinctive , this chatterbox of a sequel loses its way with a raft of annoying side characters .
Sticks to the formula of the original while adding enough variety to give it a life of its own .

@highlight

The animation is as eye-popping as ever , but Happy Feet Two 's narrative is too noisily incoherent to recapture the Oscar-winning charm of its predecessor .