A well-researched docudrama on the twisted mind of the 25-year-old Mark David Chapman , the nobody who killed John Lennon .
As the narrative lugubriously sticks to the documented events , we are served nothing more than a filmed transcript .
It 's well-constructed and acted , but mainly just left me feeling like I needed a shower after an exercise in voyeurism surrounding an event that 's still hard to watch .
Gets inside Chapman 's head but never under his skin .
Fastidiously researched , dubiously suspenseful character portrait is unable to salvage a lick of hindsight from the tragedy beyond `` murderous narcissists are people too . ''
Despite its vivid and imaginative style , The Killing of John Lennon is tough slogging for its nearly two-hour running time .
Even if you can forgive -LSB- director -RSB- Piddington 's mangling of the basics , you will find it hard to overlook his frantic use of slo-mo , a wobbly camera , freeze frames , double exposures and a close-up of a single eye .
Though the psychic space Piddington and Ball create is certainly a terrifyingly claustrophobic place to be , it 's also stultifying and banal in the way other people 's crazed obsessions become after a very short while .
The only revelations in The Killing of John Lennon are those we could have picked up ourselves , assuming we cared enough to do so .
Only slightly better than Chapter 27 , it 's questionable whether even the most morbidly curious John Lennon fan might have any interest in sitting through nearly two hours of this creepy lunatic .
-LSB- W -RSB- e have only the perspective of a madman here , and it is no more enlightening than the ramblings of any given violent schizophrenic or criminal psychotic .
Who is the audience here , besides depraved Beatles completists ?
Unlike Chapman , The Killing of John Lennon is no phony .
Piddington does a beautiful balancing act , creating a movie that works both on the level of suspense and as a detailed factual chronicle .
Andrew Piddington 's devastating re-enactment of events leading up to , including and immediately after the murder is taken from interviews , depositions and court transcripts .
Piddington never dares to diagnose Chapman 's rage , settling for Wikipedia-style objectivity dressed in the more fatuous-than-provocative manner of Robinson Devor 's Zoo .
A stunning performance by newcomer Jonas Ball in the role of Mark David Chapman , the killer of John Lennon .
A pertinent exploration of the relationship between celebrities and their fans in a fame-obsessed world .
Charting Chapman 's relationship with The Catcher in the Rye to being quizzed after the murder , this is an engrossing study - but paper thin .
This tells us precisely nothing about John Lennon and a sight too much about his killer , Mark Chapman .
They ought to send the whole of The Killing of John Lennon up in flames .
Chapman is allowed to shove his face into the camera once too often , and it feels as if his illness is being paraded for our fascination .
It features actor Jonas Ball looking more or less like the famed police mugshot , lumbering about with Chapman 's own interminable -LRB- but avowedly authentic -RRB- prison-diary ramblings recited in voiceover .
The power of the film is the way it charts , indeed enacts , a man losing his grip on reality . 4/5
The makers of this tasteless and generally bleak recreation of Chapman 's life in the three months before the killing just did n't get it . The man who shot the ex-Beatle deserves to rot unforgotten in his six by ten , not have films made about him .
There 's a feeling of eerie otherworldliness and the murder itself is relished in detail , however the film does lack overall impact
You leave the cinema not just saddened anew that such an iconic artist was so pointlessly killed , but amazed that it does n't happen more often .
Chapman was on a simple , skewed quest for infamy . And he got it . One gathers he 'd be chuffed to see this film . And that 's the biggest issue of all .
Unlike shabby exploitation docu-dramas such as Bundy , this is an honest meditation on the warped assassin and his motives and assumes the tension of a thriller as the appointed time approaches .
A transfixing recreation of the events that shocked the world .
Tense until the murder , but Piddington assumes we all care as much about Chapman as he does .
Piddington has pulled off a delicate balancing act , presenting Chapman as an explosive by-product of our celebrity-obsessed times , while resisting the temptation to validate Chapman 's own elaborate self-mythologising .




@highlight

Despite a committed performance by newcomer Jonas Ball , The Killing of John Lennon is ultimately a flimsy character study .