It ca n't avoid the comparison to Little Miss Sunshine ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cute and deliciously off-kilter .
The quirkiest musical I 've ever seen , and despite its flaws I enjoyed it .
It 's a Bran Nue Dae for Australian comedy . Enjoyable and satirical ; a pleasant surprise .
Bran Nue Dae is so spectacularly cheerful and effervescent it has successfully wrestled my practical criticisms and deemed them irrelevant .
Out of left field and Down Under comes Rachel Perkins ' musical to surprise viewers , as if a stranger burst into a well-orchestrated song in conversation .
Comes off as `` Moulin Rouge '' at half speed , which is more of a compliment than you might imagine .
The film is uneven but in a kind of sweet , earnest way .
You have to wonder about the film 's almost complete portrayal of Aborigines as dim-witted dunderers , dancing fools , thieves and drunks . Whites fare no better . Does the film explode stereotypes , or reinforce them ?
Instead of being a fount of melody , this film is more of a song desert with exactly one memorable song ...
The bright colors and vibrant backgrounds ... go a long way in distracting from shortcomings in the story and style of this offhand hybrid .
Reportedly a popular musical in Australia , though it 's difficult to imagine why , Bran Nue Dae is a film adaptation that barely qualifies as either a film or a musical .
Bran Nue Dae is an infectiously joyful Australian Aboriginal musical .
It 's not everyday you see an ` all-talking , all-singing , all-dancing ` Aboriginal musical that also boasts Geoffrey Rush as a scenery-chewing priest with a dodgy German accent .
Bran Nue Dae is a kooky , deliriously happy mix of happenstance and broadly-drawn characters who are apt to break into song at any given moment . It 's not quite enough for me to recommend , but I 'm not unhappy to have seen it .
Soon , whenever someone launches into a song , you roll your eyes and hope the tune is a short one .
A difficult sit for anyone unable to tune into the film 's dedication to bootleg turns of plot and characterization , with the whole endeavor starting to feel like a dental drill after the first act .
It 's a bit corny and reminiscent of Baz Luhrmann or Julie Taymor 's pop fantasies , but we can forgive her .
Does n't hit on all cylinders but features some great original ideas and a bunch of catchy song and dance numbers sure to delight audiences of all ages .
Delightful musical trip of a teenage Aborigine through 1960 's Australian outback with wonderful rocking mix of song genres , let alone hippies , to feel like Hair .
Geoffrey Rush chews so much scenery that he looks ready to burst .
The songs are n't exactly the catchiest , its message of tolerance far from new , but it sure is lively while it lasts .
Trite , silly , and grating are all apt words to describe the cinematic buffoonery of Rachel Perkin 's Bran Nue Dae , a flimsy excuse for a nostalgic musical that shoots for playful satire but ultimately proves staggeringly impotent .
G'day , mate . Can you say `` Aboriginal Slumdog Millionaire '' ?
While well known to many Down-Under fans , Bran Nue Dae has too much comic kitsch for U.S. specialty film audiences .
You 'll either be charmed by the caricature or think it more suitable for Looney Tunes .
This Australian musical-comedy seems like a project for which everyone involved had ideas but no one had veto power .
Generally enjoyable but not very significant ... still -LRB- as far as Australian movie musicals go -RRB- a substantial improvement over `` The Pirate Movie '' !
The story sails by , mostly unimpeded , toward its feel-good conclusion and is likely to be forgotten even before the final credits have faded from the screen .
A cheerful and proudly corny musical that 's pretty hard to resist if you 're in the right frame of mind .
The singsongy score is a mostly forgettable potpourri of folk , reggae , country and gospel poorly lip-synced by cast members whose uneven vocal chops underscore the ingenuousness of characters like the virginal Willie .
When Australian Aborigines appear on the big screen , it 's rare to see them as fully fleshed-out contemporary human beings . That 's where this lightweight and enjoyable , if frustratingly uneven , comedy-musical makes its biggest contribution .
A sunny , colorful Australian Aborigine musical sounds like a good idea , but Bran Nue Dae is a very slightly plotted , over-the-top film with hammy acting suitable for an old Benny Hill episode .
It 's almost impossible not to be swept up by the exuberant fun of this singing , dancing , irony-laced ode to the repression , reeducation and resistance of Australia 's indigenous tribal peoples circa 1969 .
An invigorating , campy and high-spirited journey well worth taking . It 's one of the most delightful , heartfelt and crowd-pleasing musical comedies in years .
Winds up seeming like a high school musical -- not the Disney one , but the sort you 're likely to encounter in any small town .
Though the film seems to be cobbled together from saints-and-sinners tropes that were rusty in Victorian times , its high spirits are infectious .
The desert colors pop . The songs are catchy . The lip-synching , meanwhile , is always a little off , and the dancing is usually average at best . That homemade quality is part of the movie 's charm .
Director Rachel Perkins aims for broad comedy in the familiar Australian style -- in the manner of Muriel 's Wedding and Strictly Ballroom -- but she often overshoots , and slapstick overwhelms the movie 's satire of the infinite varieties of piety .
The choreography is sloppy and lifeless ; the outmoded blend of vintage rock , country and Broadway styles does n't click ; and the characters are such caricatures that it 's no wonder the entire cast is overacting .
Bran Nue Dae is n't just hurting in the spelling department -- it 's also lacking the feel-good story that musicals rely on to support their ethos in the absurdist environment of spontaneous song and dance .
The two leads are sweet and attractive , their roles do n't place great demands , and the movie skips along happily , if a little disorganzed .
The movie will make you tap your toes ; do n't expect much for your head or your heartstrings .
Do n't expect a sophisticated Broadway musical , but this Australian piece gains its melodious charm by its simplicity .
All roads lead to the same destination in the soulfully rich , toe tapping Aussie musical , Bran Nue Dae .
On stage , energetic performances can overcome slight characterisation and shallow plotting but onscreen , the wafer-thin characters and lack of plot thrust are exposed .
If you dare to like happy films , this Bran Nue Dae is just for you .
The next time someone tells you that `` all Australian films are depressing '' , point them in Bran Nue Dae 's direction .
Like another Australian musical by a then young director , Gillian Armstrong 's Starstruck from 1982 , Bran Nue Dae carries the day with energy and self-belief .
The strength of -LSB- Perkins ' -RSB- filmmaking lies in a chaste yet sensual feeling for actors and landscapes , expressed most strongly and frequently in close-ups that dwell on skin textures in the sun .
The script does , however , profit from the love affair that springs up between Andrew Lesnie 's cameras and the blue and ochre of the northern Australian landscape . And the show 's basic attractions remain .
The film ends on a high note , but you know that this could have , and should have , been a lot better .
As it is , the film only barely scrapes by as a crowd-pleaser . Unfortunately , a majority of the songs that break up the slender narrative are not that memorable .
The absurd pandemonium of the finale 's confessions stretches to breaking point but befits a unique musical oddball that will prove strangely affecting to those swept up in it .
Bran Nue Dae , much like the Bible , wraps up with a good many revelations , and offers the viewer a fun , upbeat and feel-good movie-going experience . Hallelujah !
You should leave your cinema seat wearing a broad smile after this fun-filled experience , officially the first Aussiewood musical .
Perkins ' pic does sometimes misstep -LRB- mostly due to the budget -RRB- but it scarcely matters , as this is a rousing entertainment with a cast who can sing , dance and act all at once !
The over-the-top performances would usually be suitable for this style of musical romp but the story , songs and dance numbers are not strong enough to sustain such hammy performances .
A refreshing entry into the recent canon of Australian films , Bran Nue Dae recalls the innocent , playful tone of classics such as Muriel 's Wedding and The Castle and , as such , deserves to be the summer smash of 2010 .
Gloriously irreverent , musically inventive and effortlessly entertaining , Bran Nue Dae delivers on its promise to bring the highly acclaimed stage musical to the screen .
The film has some great ideas and although it does n't always zing , there is more than enough bottled sunshine to make us smile .

@highlight

It 's original and high-spirited , but Bran Nue Dae is also uneven and sometimes overly kitschy .