Shares a gentle , observant tone with the early films of Ken Loach .
A verite touch of observation , Somers Town is kind and airy , a perfect cinematic meal for someone in need of small pleasures , explored through Meadows 's undeniable taste in locations and near-masterful work with actors .
... Meadows ' method of working with improvised scenes shot in long takes gives it a sense of emotional truth which is lacking in many more ambitious films .
Nothing much happens , but its workaday plot lines are universally relatable -- the key to keeping this slight film engaging .
Turgoose continues to convince as a kid whose personality wavers daily if not hourly , while Jagiello playfully suggests that Marek is becoming the perfect straight man .
Somers Town is gentle , funny , blue-collar humanism , much like the early films of Ken Loach .
Meadows gives his film so much forward thrust it feels like a road movie as it follows the ramblings of his two young leads .
Somers Town is a small-scale jewel that will surprise you with its buoyant look at blighted lives .
Shot in the same beautifully desolate black-and-white as Meadows ' boxing film TwentyFourSeven , Somers Town takes on the feel of dreamlike instant nostalgia .
As in all of Meadows 's films , Somers Town emphasizes the importance of character and particularly of camaraderie amongst male characters -- here , teenagers who nick clothes from the local laundry , get drunk in the park , and furtively investigate masculinity
Somers Town is a funny and endearing character comedy whose extra-brief , 70-minute running time proves perfectly adequate for its slender , episodic story .
Sweet ... at times reminiscent of `` Y Tu Mama Tambien . ''
However thin , the story of these rootless youths , estranged from mothers and native cities , has a certain universality and appeal .
What Somers Town lacks in story arc , it makes up for in charm , as Meadows and company create an endearing and thoroughly enjoyable portrait of a young British bromance .
A small but important film about small but important lives , the latest drama from Shane Meadows further confirms that more people should know about this gifted director .
It may seem slight but Meadows is a master of the art of revealing human foibles and weaknesses , which means the film lingers long after its extremely modest running time . A wee gem .
It is proof that there are all sorts of teenage lives going on in Britain , and sometimes , their most magical moments take place on dead-end streets .
Like its star , the movie is too short and a little thin but just about perfect .
Somers Town is not Shane Meadows ' best film , but it has his finest qualities : an appreciation of British working-class life as detailed as Ken Loach 's , characterizations as realistic as Mike Leigh 's and an interest in adolescent male impudence and longing
Meadows has made a lovely film about the ability of the imagination to offset the harshness of reality .
This modest but amicable tale has more depth and more spirit than many films twice its length .
Somers Town , shot in glimmering black and white , reveals a working class England that brims with possibility .
Shane Meadows has been busily carving out his own corner in British cinema .
Shane Meadows has a rare ability to convey the drama and humor of everyday life in well-observed , well-acted scenes that rarely drag on interminably or try too hard to dazzle .
uses every second of his 70-minute runtime rather than adding on perfunctory storylines or resorting to expositional sequences
Thomas Turgoose reunites with writer-director Shane Meadows in this shaggy , endlessly charming dramedy set in working-class London , wistfully shot in black-and-white ... Witty and warmhearted , it 's a feel-good movie that never seems forced .
Funny , raw and gentle , bearing national identity issues with enviable lightness , it 's essentially a beautiful piece of black and white observation , buffed from many hours of improv .
Somers Town is Meadows ' first venture outside his East Midlands stamping-ground . It has its lyrical moments , but I watched most of it through splayed fingers .
If Somers Town were any more unassuming , it would risk disappearing completely . Seventy-two minutes long , in black and white , with a cast as starless as a cloudy night , it is a British triumph .
There is some wonderful dialogue until you realise that , unlike Eurostar , the slim plot has no destination .
Sweet , poignant and with an undercurrent of wickedly funny humour , it 's not just a total joy but one of those rare films that can be savoured again and again .
The latest offering from Shane Meadows has , like most of his others , received enormous critical acclaim ; and once again , I do n't know what he has done to deserve it .
After the major triumph of This Is England , Shane scales things back with an unassuming rites-of-passage drama featuring another top turn from Turgoose . Even in miniature , Meadows makes magic .
Meadows is adamant that there was no corporate influence . But even without the benefit of the doubt , it ca n't be denied that his extended short carries some sweet observations .
As a result , he has not only been able to stick two fingers up to the anti-Pole hate-mongers of the popular press , and to create an enchanting portrait of growing up in a British city ; he has made his best film to date .
It 's a slight , gentle , sweet-natured comedy shot in black and white , and blessed with a lovely performance from Meadows ' great find , Thomas Turgoose .
For all the sly humour , though , Somers Town is a hollow pleasure . It aspires to the new wave of London immigration thrillers by Stephen Frears and Anthony Minghella . But it 's not cruel enough .
Another beautifully crafted film , as well as a great London film , from the finest British director working today .
There are some laughs - but the jokes do n't come thick and fast . The film 's portrayal of friendship is always warm and sensitive .
Meadows in a minor key but still a major delight ; his improvised feel , sparky comedy and interest in the truth of youth services a story that 's both winning and winsome .
By Mike Martin - When the DVD box set of Shane Meadows is released this will slot in , but wo n't be the strongest film in the selection by a long way .
Enjoyable , sharply directed drama with a superb script and strong performances from Turgoose and Jagiello .
An authentic sense of humour and a brightly rendered sense of hopefulness lend this film the qualities of a timeless cinematic classic .
A marvelous , pitch-perfect evocation of teenage friendship in modern London .
A pleasingly gauzy bit of nostalgia that feels softer and less cynical than anything I 've previously seen in a -LSB- Shane -RSB- Meadows film .
Basically a comedy but with typically Meadowsian dark edges , it forms an affectionate tribute to cross-cultural friendship and the rapidly changing landscape known as Somers Town .
Meadows ' film oozes quality . The scripting feels natural and , thanks to long takes , Meadows is able to get the best performances from his young leads .
At its best a winning anecdote of adolescent male awkwardness adapting to the big city .






@highlight

Shane Meadows hits the spot with this short but sweet slice of good natured comedy , surprisingly , as it 's essentially an extended black & white advert for a train station .