Even though I saw it barely two months ago , it has gone right out of my head .
Smith 's second venture outside the View Askewniverse is n't quite the bold leap forward he was hoping to make .
Some may tire of Smith 's template of toilet humour and tits , but to others , those very same qualities are a guarantee of entertainment . Love him or hate him , Kevin Smith is n't afraid to hit new lows to get new laughs .
Smith 's film is nothing more or less than a routine romantic comedy in an unaccustomed wrapper .
Kevin Smith 's latest offering provides a constant stream of laughs throughout its duration , but crucially fails to nail the emotional realism it tries so hard to achieve .
All in all it 's a modern-day , Kevin Smith fairytale : a big-screen bearing , perhaps , of his soul at its sincerest and wittiest , if not filthiest .
Kevin Smith 's ear for raunch is as piquant as ever , but he 's moved beyond his usual unconvincing leads to Judd Apatow regulars Rogen and Craig Robinson .
Married , a father and pushing 40 , Smith is no longer a trustworthy chronicler of 20-something slackers . He still can devise an impressively gamy set piece , but he 's misplaced the humanity of his best work .
Kevin Smith has placed a black mark on an otherwise solid filmography by selling himself short in a bid to shock new viewers and win back old ones with Zack and Miri Make a Porno .
There are a number of gut-bustingly funny individual scenes , but the narrative as a whole lacks thematic cohesion .
Ainda que Smith continue a exibir sua compulsão em escrever diálogos que usam a escatologia e os palavrões como forma barata -LRB- e ineficaz -RRB- de humor , o filme é um grande avanço em relação aos seus três últimos péssimos trabalhos .
Zack and Miri may be a gross-out movie , but it 's a damn clever one .
This explicit gross-out comedy is so scared of being too naughty , it seeks refuge in a very ` nice ' love story . The result is n't funny or edgy .
While the jokes are admittedly very funny , they 're constantly offset by a tumbling waterfall of schmaltz .
The most dirty-minded date movie of all time .
There remain some scatological touches I am still trying to forget . It 's all done with great glee , yet falls far short of being hilarious .
A well-meaning , foul-mouthed misfire .
In a strangely perverse way -- and thanks to the solid performances of the two leads -- the love story of Zack and Miri is more touching than you might expect , given the film 's grungy setting and essentially sordid theme .
An R-rated film which is rude , crude and disgusting -- and yet strangely sweet and sentimental .
It 's crude and rude but there 's something endearingly innocent about Kevin Smith 's aptly titled comedy in which a dabble in porn becomes a mother of a funny set up
Does n't represent much movement from where Smith had placed himself with Clerks II , which means what you felt about the previous should be about the same as what you 'd feel about the latest .
Two porn stars and true romance on their , well , first date on camera , and a stud geek worried about man boobs . Kevin and Seth make a porno that may be too hardcore for the sexually squeamish and too mushy for porniacs .
Enough major jokes that land that I recommend it for anybody who 's not turned off by the premise .
For all his slacker street cred , -LSB- Smith -RSB- is at heart a romantic , and Zack and Miri Make a Porno may be the most romantic film Smith has ever made .
Always likable even if it is n't always inspired .
Kevin Smith sees homemade porn as the end of the empire .
A surprisingly sweet film from Kevin Smith .
The likable lead actors somehow make the unconvincing premise and occasionally gruesome ` frankness ' work .
The movie makes a cleverish joke about the promise of porn , the promise that it tells the truth .
Smith may have pioneered this kind of upfront sex chat , but the Apatow team refined it . ` Zack and Miri ' feels uncomfortably like a gruesome game of filth-talk oneupmanship , and it 's hard to care who comes out on top .
A film as much about friendship as it is about sex , it 's like he 's teaching his fans how to grow up gracefully .
This is the most soppy and unsexy 18-certificate skin-flick ever made .
This is a very ordinary comedy script , and the presence of Smith 's trusty repertory players in minor roles makes this for fans only .
Or : Kevin Smith makes an icky and secretly conservative sex comedy .
The only problem is that hardcore action and a touchy-feely love story do not the best bed-fellows make and the final reel ill-advisedly juxtaposes an over-sweetened romance with a gross-out gag that will having you gulping for clean air .
Put simply , it 's all lube and no spunk .
The only 21st-century aspects of it are the unfunnily vulgar references to sexual and bodily functions along with several hundred uses of the F-word , which those who adore Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross may find a thousand times less wearisome than I did
What I should add is that it 's the funniest one I have seen in ages . And while it does feature an awful lot of swearing and cheerfully bad taste comic moments , it is also engagingly sentimental and sweetly romantic .
There are a couple of laugh-out-loud moments but messy direction means this X-rated romcom should stay under the counter .
I wo n't spoil the twist by revealing it , though you may not want to spoil the film by sitting through it . My suggestion , not wholly frivolous : see the first hour , then go to the pub .
Rogen does his man-child-slob shtick dependably , and Elizabeth Banks is a good sport as well as a decent comedian . One only wishes that the whole thing were funnier .
Crude , hilarious , if a little corny , Smith 's latest hardcore comedy is right on the money shot .
But although there 's the odd , inspired shock gag , most of the laughs are lazy and the predictable romcom ending takes way too long to arrive .
If this is part of our comedy culture , there 's definitely something wrong somewhere .
i tainia poy kathe skinothetis me alithini agapi gia ton kinimatografo , kanei kapoia stigmi stin kariera toy , an kai synithos poly noritera ap ' oti o Smith stin prokeimeni , mono poy i diki toy erotiki eksomologisi sto sinema , ti dimioyrgia toy kai ti dyna
Smartly directed , superbly acted and frequently hilarious comedy - this is Kevin Smith 's best film since Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back .
Using a cheesy Live song during Zack and Miri 's porn scene does Kevin Smith no favors . But the physical-emotional flashpoint Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks find within it is surprisingly tender , and chemistry triumphs over Smith 's worst instincts .
It is amazing how the crudest of comedies sometimes have the biggest of hearts .
Seth Rogen is no one 's idea of a porn star . He talks like Yogi Bear and looks like Peter Ustinov when he played gladiator trainer Lentulus Batiatus in Spartacus .
The most offensive aspect of Zack and Miri is not the language or the subject matter , but the agonizing predictability of the story .
Effectively merges raunch with romance .
There 's something wrong with Kevin Smith .
It 's a companionable enough experience , even though the title should really be `` Zack Makes a Porno -LRB- with Miri -RRB- . ''
Is there a more honest title for a film than `` Zack and Miri Make a Porno '' ?
It 's not as groundbreaking or as true as 1997 's Chasing Amy , but nails much of the same spirit .
Miri is n't as bad as Alyssa the Light Switch Lesbian from `` Chasing Amy , '' but the premise -LSB- ... -RSB- is almost as insultingly unrealistic .
Zack and Miri Make a Porno works best when it 's unrestrained from capital-S storytelling and obligated only to cracking jokes , chronicling mundane experiences and making a few modest observations about human nature .
This raunchy romantic comedy 's glass is half-filled with amusement .
Kevin Smith tries to redeem a filthy frolic with a late blooming love story
The real reason to see the film though ? Craig Robinson as Delaney . He 's good in ` The Office , ' he 's great here .
A passably conventional rom-com squishfest decked out with Smith 's usual pop-culture references .
If movies were fireworks , Smith 's latest effort would be a fuse-moistened bottle rocket that only manages subdued flight .
It 's that When Harry Met Sally thing . Can guys and girls be friends without having sex ?
A big enough chunk of the demographic will eat it up -- to make this a winning investment for the real producers . You can take that to the bank .
It 's one thing for a movie to be dirty ; it 's another thing altogether for it to be plain sloppy .
Kevin Smith turns out to be reverent after all : he wants to separate true love from mere copulating for money , but his story mixes romance and porn so inextricably that he seems confused , and the movie trips over its own conceits .
A sweet-yet-smutty concoction that would feel right at home in the Judd Apatow sub-section of the video store . I mean that as a compliment .
-LSB- Kevin -RSB- Smith has officially reclaimed the title as the reigning king of romantic raunch .
The movie has all of the ingredients to be a great comedy , but Smith seems to be stuck and ca n't break free of his amateurish style .
A romantic comedy that 's both as sweet and as obscene as anything you 'll see this year .
It still packs enough laughs to be worth checking out .
Despite the provocative title , the film is actually quite sweet , and more importantly ; it 's -LSB- Kevin Smith 's -RSB- funniest work in years .
Highlights , besides Smith 's wittily offensive dialogue , are the porn scenes themselves .
Only in a movie about porn could Smith deliver what will perhaps be the biggest sight gag of the year -LRB- sorry - too awful to tell you about , or even hint at -RRB- .
A romantic comedy that 's both as sweet and as obscene as anything you 'll see this year .
This was bound to happen ... I have so far loved every single one of -LSB- Kevin Smith 's -RSB- films , especially Jersey Girl . But at some point I was going to have to give something he made a negative review . ''
More shocking than funny . Have our standards sunk this low ?
For all its outrageousness , this is ultimately an old-fashioned romantic comedy ... Take a date , but make sure it 's a very broadminded date .
... concentrates on juvenile obsessions with foul language , free sex , and genital humor attempting to reduce American culture to its lowest common denominator .
Despite its unquestionably bad manners , it is , at its core , a sweet and innocent tale of two people who discover love in the most profane of situations .
Crude and farcical , it 's a lust cause - yet I must confess a certain amusement when I realized that Elizabeth Banks was also playing Laura Bush in Oliver Stone 's ` W ' on an adjoining screen in the multiplex . Now that 's versatility !
Often funny , sometimes perceptive , and always offbeat , Kevin Smith has made a film that 's not for everyone but worthwhile for those tired of the same old romantic comedies .
Kevin Smith may never grow up and from where I sit , that 's perfectly OK .
An unwieldy comedy that tries unsuccessfully to weave two contradictory stories into a satisfying whole .
Zack and Miri finds a love story in a most unlikely place , which makes the romance that much more romantic while still leaving plenty of room to indulge in the potty mouth . I call that a winner on all sides .
Explicit Kevin Smith comedy is n't sexy or funny .
Smith delivers one of the funniest movies of 2008 .
Maybe the funniest movie I 've seen all year . Surprisingly smart , raunchy , even sweet .
It 's a tangled , messy web , to be sure , but it 's a sweetly romantic one that could n't be further from pornography if it tried .
Rogen hops on Smith 's shoulders to form a super-mega Voltron of humor and heart .
Kevin Smith is famous for raunchiness . This is what he does best .
In the hands of the ultra-capable Smith , Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a tasteful take on the tasteless .
Everyone on screen seems to be having so much fun .
-LSB- Smith -RSB- wrings laughs out of the hazy border shared by love and sex without being prudish or sappy .
Seth Rogen is totally out of control . He 's been marvelously funny in the past , and will be again , but get that party animal back in his cage .
Zack and Miri gives the rom-com genre a much deserved spanking .
Zack and Miri is n't very funny . Laugh-out-loud bits here are as rare as real breasts in an adult film .
The better than usual cast offers enough new twists to keep it from being just another Kevin Smith comedy .
If you 're OK with the explicit stuff , it 's surprisingly sweet .
The audience where I watched the movie laughed so hard that we all probably missed a third of the lines , and it was still one of the funnier movies I 've seen this year .
The jokes are forced , almost mechanical , in their crudeness . They 're so carefully placed that they feel a little precious rather than spontaneous , which ends up defying that impulsive , animal thing inside us .
The poster boy for NC-17 language and the poster boy for Judd Apatow 's man-child humor team up here for the first time , and while the result has its share of laughs , it 's also prey to some of the same weaknesses as their previous , separate work .
The mood lurches around a bit , and the film itself feels a bit diluted -- as if Kevin Smith were doing Judd Apatow doing Kevin Smith . And Smith , and his fans , are far too original to settle for that for long .
The picture has a knockabout charm , thanks to the actors ; but its premise seems flawed .
Without the wit , raunchiness tends to feel uncomfortably forced . And the moments when Z&M works are , almost without exception , the ones that are more sweet than shocking . All the rest , frankly , feel like Apatow Lite .
Zack and Miri Make a Porno is crude and raunchy , but it 's also a great date movie . See it with someone you love -- and want to grope .
Kevin Smith 's Zack and Miri Make a Porno pulls off a couple feats that I previously thought were close to impossible : 1 -RRB- It makes Elizabeth Banks unattractive . 2 -RRB- It makes Seth Rogen unfunny .
Writer-director Kevin Smith has his mind in the gutter and his heart on his sleeve . The result is hilarious and heart-warming , a raucous farce that 's disarming , date-safe and , yes , sweet .
Despite all the waggish raunch-talk , it 's just not especially funny . And despite all the agile intercourse -LRB- originally rated NC-17 -RRB- , it 's frankly kind of a bore .
There may not be a special movie rating for this kind of coyness , but it definitely feels like emotional porn .
There are laughs . Big , loud laughs . Laughs of self-recognition , laughs at social duplicity , laughs at prejudices of all types . Lots of laughs about the most basic of human functions . And many , many laughs at our own inhibitions .
-LSB- Rogen 's -RSB- funny , it works .
Some great one-liners and another comic crescendo from Rogen saves Zack and Miri Make a Porno from mere mediocrity .
While I would n't call the role of cheery , foul-mouthed Miri nuanced , Banks and Rogen click in a way that Rogen and Katherine Heigl in Knocked Up did not .
Zack and Miri Make a Porno , in spite of its lewdness , follows a gee-whiz romantic-comedy formula that would not be out of place on the Disney Channel .
Other peoples ' emotional intimacy can be downright embarrassing . Here , sadly , it 's also boring .
May not be perfect , but it does show a filmmaker reinvigorated by his own writing and the potential of the raunchy comedy to be more than just a niche audience product .
Zack and Miri Make a Porno is definitely Smith 's filthiest , funniest and most sentimental film to date . There is a scene where you will laugh for 5 minutes straight .
-LSB- Smith -RSB- fails to wring any memorable comedy from shoestring porno filmmakers because his own filmmaking is just as amateurish and slovenly .
Porn and true love go ` hand-in-gland ' in this latest , arguably best outing by auteur Kevin Smith -- making for one DD-cupped hooter of a comedy .
-LSB- Smith -RSB- has gone and made his most mature and romantically affecting film since Chasing Amy .
With its combination of heart and hilarity , bawdy blackouts and cleverly drawn characters , Smith starts out strong and ends up delivering something that 's timeless as well as tasteless .
Americans should n't have to feel comfortable with the thought of kicking back and having a beer with their President , but it 's not a bad criterion for a comedy filmmaker , and Smith is that guy .
Sweet and raunchy , but it 's rarely funny and that 's pretty fatal for a romantic comedy .
More often than not Zack & Miri will elicit genuine laughs . And it has a lot of heart to go with those laughs .
Filthy , crass and funny for those who are not easily offended .
The last half hour contains scenes that are almost obscene in their earnestness .
Justin Long has one extended scene as a weirdly low-talking gay porn star . I 'd tell you some of the things he says but they 're too nasty and awesome to repeat here .
Take away the trademark raunchy language and subject matter and part-porn-star supporting cast , and what you have is a sentimental and predictable romantic comedy .
Smith still does n't have a feel for how -- or when -- to mix the sweet with the profane , but the fact that he manages to give the movie an ending that is both wholesome and suitable is not just impressive ; it 's astounding .
Smith has a certain vulgar charm that makes most of it work , but sometimes you wish he would ease off the four-lettered harangues and let his actors breathe a bit .
The adult film reenactments are fairly gross and explicit and , worse , humorless .
The mildly amusing scenario allows Smith ample opportunities for his slightly contrived yet often funny pushing-the-envelope-of-taste humour .
An extremely rare movie commodity -- a romantic comedy for guys .
I 've never seen a film where people look like they 're having more fun together . If you do n't offend easily , Zack and Miri is a riot . And Seth Rogen as a porn star is no worse than Ron Jeremy , right ?
While this may not top Chasing Amy as Smith 's cinematic high-water mark , it is the most solidly constructed and emotionally mature thing that he has done since that film and it is funny as hell to boot .
Zack and Miri finds Smith more consistent than many of his contemporaries , especially in terms of focus .
Seth Rogen specializes in comedies where sex comes before love , a practicality that happens far more often on earth than in shiny , starry meet-cute romances .
It 's a funny concept whose execution does not live up to its potential .
At 38 , the grand old man of raunch talk has figured out how to make a movie that 's sweet , funny and -LRB- a little -RRB- sexy .
... filmdom 's Everyman geek of a director is a goofy , gooey romantic at heart . Emphasis on the gooey .
It 's a pleasant story , but not particularly well-told .
Zack and Miri Make a Porno offers more proof that Kevin Smith may have lost it . Whatever ` it ' that he ever had in the first place .
The laughs are plentiful , the obscene observations witty and well delivered , for two-thirds of the running time . It gets soggy when the relationship becomes the focus .
Rogen and Banks , both terrific , bring out the sweet and spicy best in each other .
Smith 's new film proves that even though you may be able to take the boy out of Jersey , there 's still no chance of sidetracking the filmmaker 's dominant id .
It 's all vintage Smith -- if you can say that about a 38-year-old -- just pushed a little further .
Banks has comedy chops to spare . Here she deftly projects Miri 's blend of sexiness and insecurity .
Just like good porn , the movie delivers scene after scene of tension and release , and you leave the theater happy . And maybe a little tired .
Smith ties the love story to the idea that his leads pull out of their life slump by embracing their creative , industrious sides .
Kevin Smith borrows Seth Rogen and a few other actors from the Judd Apatow stable for Zack and Miri Make a Porno , a blend that makes sense .
This one 's for the Smith cultists .
The very R-rated Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a compulsively watchable comedy , balls-out -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- and kind of adorable , too .
Miri is vacuous effort that never soars as high as the plot promises , and soon gives way to rushing flood waters of formula that Smith has always been more than ready to slap around before .
The sudden sweetness Kevin Smith tries to force into the film feels especially false considering the nastiness that otherwise defines the movie .
It 's a slow-footed film that confirms that Smith may never be able to lift his game to that 40 Year Old Virgin level of heart and romance . He 's just too juvenile to pull it off .
There 's a warm Boogie Nights-style vibe to the little family of oddballs Zack and Miri recruit to help them .
Will this movie offend you ? Somehow Kevin Smith 's very excesses defuse the material .
If this film were about teenagers , it might seem less like an outrageous comedy and more like a mundane slice of life .
Zack and Miri ends up as an interesting hybrid : a sweet , feel-good comedy that makes you feel like you need a shower after you 've watched it .
That combination of raunch and heart is n't impossible to achieve -- at his best , Apatow can pull it off -- but it requires a nimbler pen and a sweeter soul than Kevin Smith brings to this movie .
Leave it to big softie Kevin Smith to make the cuddliest porno flick of all time .
Feels self-consciously naughty rather than truly edgy , an adolescent exercise that 's not only behind the curve ... but never make -LSB- s -RSB- the tastelessness more than mildly amusing .
Like a porn star or a filmmaker aiming for more than just a few big chuckles , Smith needs to focus not only on what he does best but on how to improve his weaknesses .
... a nifty tightrope walk between raunch and romance ...
It 's funnier than anything Smith 's done in years , and the humor goes a long way toward distracting from the by-the-numbers plot .
While Zack and Miri obviously parallels Smith 's own piddling career endeavors , it also exposes his filmmaking inadequacies .
Of course , what Zack and Miri actually make -- and what Rogen and Banks power their way through with a cherubic energy above and beyond the call of duty for a premise so inconsequential and puerile -- is another Kevin Smith comedy .
Audiences know what to expect from Smith , and he does not disappoint .
Rogen and Banks make an extremely likable comic pair , even though they 're an unlikely romantic match -LRB- or perhaps because of it -RRB- .
It 's hard to imagine this film succeeding on any level without Mr. Rogen and Ms. Banks as the leads .
Nothing about Zack and Miri feels terribly fresh , much less transgressive .
A lovely , naughty little movie that allows writer-director Kevin Smith to indulge his twin penchants for scatological sex talk and heartfelt slacker romance .
Even old dogs can learn new tricks , and Kevin Smith just directed a good movie .
It does n't hit the emotion of communities formed through grade-Z film art in Cecil B. Demented , Ed Wood , Bowfinger and Be Kind Rewind .
It 's written and directed by Kevin Smith -- and hats off to him for being savvy enough to go for a piece of the Apatow action ! Too bad he does n't rise to the occasion .
If the deed itself is sweet , leave it to Smith to fudge the foreplay and drag the afterglow .
Celebrates friendship , sexuality , and true love without making them mutually exclusive and by using idioms that raise the highest hackles among the keepers of public morals .
Zack and Miri Make a Porno is funny , evenly paced with some good , amusing performances .
It 's a classic love story dressed up as something a bit racier , and not only do we know where it 's going , we know just how it plans to get there . That 's okay , in the end , because Smith and his leads make Zack and Miri a couple worth knowing .
Kevin Smith has n't matured enough to actually make a good comedy , but he has accrued enough casting wisdom to elevate his latest homegrown material with the effervescent Seth Rogan and Elizabeth Banks .
Kevin Smith finally has a hit with Rogen and porn stars . Smith got the Ben Affleck curse lifted .
... would 've fared a whole lot better had the sentimental shenanigans been kept to a minimum .
After several disappointing films , Kevin Smith is back on terra Ferma with his foul-mouthed , raunchy sex comedy , his best work since Chasing Amy and almost as funny as his debut Clerks , benefiting immensely from Seth Rogen 's presence .
Believe the hype at least , to a certain extent . Zach and Miri Make a Porno is Kevin Smith 's all-around high score for the current decade .
There 's more yakking than screwing , and the result is flaccid and formulaic enough to remind you how mundane porn flicks are when physical stimulation gets taken out of the equation .
The funniest movie of Smith 's I 've seen since Clerks . It 's When Harry Did Sally .
It is the cozy marriage of sensibilities between the director of Clerks and the co-writer/star of Superbad that gives this movie its particular go-for-the-groin , land-on-the-heart chemistry .
The bluntly titled Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a cheerfully vulgar love story or a sweet-hearted sex farce , however you want to look at it .
At 38 , Kevin Smith is still making foul-mouthed adolescent comedies , but a bit of adult sweetness and romance now creeps in .
One of Kevin Smith 's funniest , dirtiest , most gleefully offensive movies to date .




@highlight

Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a modest success for Kevin Smith , due in large part to the charm of Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks .