This is a respectable sequel to Star Wars but not as good .
Topping the most successful act in show business history is an impossibility , of course . But that 's the challenge facing everyone who worked on `` The Empire Strikes Back . '' They have succeeded to an altogether remarkable extent .
The best ` Star Wars ' film , an exciting and thrilling adventure , but also a sober and complex picture . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Has any movie sequel ever so thoroughly surpassed impossible expectations as The Empire Strikes Back ?
... an erratically-paced yet consistently entertaining installment in a not-quite-great sci-fi series .
The Empire Strikes Back is no bland derivative . It has all the freshness and exuberance of an original . A marvellous space fantasy full of dazzling spectacle , exciting adventure , strange creatures and the mythic clash between good and evil .
The Empire Strikes Back is the ultimate in fantasies , a visual wonder and a movie that should be recommended highly if only because it makes you feel good .
Despite a couple of drawbacks , the Empire Strikes Back is an immense amount of fun -- big and splashy and breathtaking in its display of cinematic genius by a huge group of marvelously talented people .
To answer the big question first : Yes , The Empire Strikes Back is just as enjoyable as Star Wars . In fact , this is one sequel that defies tradition by being better than the original on several counts -- most of them technical , but a few dramatic .
Another richly imaginative , engrossing and spectacular motion picture from the redoubtable George Lucas .
The Empire may not top Star Wars , but it certainly makes one look forward to whatever new surprises George Lucas and his band of cinematic wizards can conjure up for us .
It is technically even more proficient -LSB- than Star Wars -RSB- , has virtually the same ingredients and bursts forth into a world that still seems ripe for its special blend of nostalgically simple story-telling and complicated technology .
It is hard to place one 's affections anywhere in a world which is ruled by buttons and dials , computers and bleeps , and people whose conversation is ... technical , inaudible or dull .
The younger actors are now more confident .
A spectacular piece of work that carries the new `` Star Wars '' tradition forward .
See it and prepare to be captivated by the most spellbinding sci-fi film of them all .
Director Irvin Kershner 's imaginative supervision of George Lucas 's brainchild gives this second part of the first Star Wars trilogy a truly epic dimension , adding a mature , philosophical aspect to the nonstop barrage of brilliant special effects .
It 's darker than the original , and perhaps less well structured , but it combines gorgeous visuals and surprisingly deep human emotions .
It 's not up to the original .
The best of the original series , but the most intense , too .
Continues to set the standards for sequels to this day ...
O melhor de toda a série , este episódio abraça o potencial sombrio do universo concebido por Lucas e consegue equilibrar com eficiência os aspectos infantis da narrativa com os momentos de maior densidade .
In many ways the new film is a better film than Star Wars , visually more exciting , more artful and meticulous in detail .
Despite ... an unresolved storyline that paves the way for its dismal sequel , Empire remains in many ways the best -LRB- indeed the last good -RRB- Star Wars film .
A more mature instalment than its predecessor , loaded with spectacular special effects and efficiently written , this may well be the pinnacle of the saga .
The Empire Strikes Back is a worthy sequel to Star Wars , equal in both technical mastery and characterization , suffering only from the familiarity with the effects generated in the original and imitated too much by others .
Each section of the film has a stand-out sequence that inspires hyperbole like ` best ever . '
Irvin Kershner directed the actors this time around , and without the benefit of Lucas 's personal affection they seem stiffer , more clenched .
The most imaginative and emotionally connectable `` Star Wars '' film and , with the exception of `` Revenge of the Sith , '' also the darkest .
The second act is very strong , cutting back and forth between Luke training with Yoda and Han , Leia , Chewie and C-3P0 fighting the Empire . And it 's paced leisurely enough that you get to know the characters a little bit .
An extended ricochet from one incendiary set-piece battle to another which still finds time to attend to plot , pace and character .
The best of the films .
Sci-fi cinema at its best .
Everything you loved about A New Hope and more .
The backbone of the Star Wars saga ... takes the story and themes of the first film into deeper waters .
... the deepest , darkest , most mature , and most thoughtful entry in the series .
The Empire Strikes Back is a total delight .
The best Star Wars movie , ever !
The film spends more time on its characters and unlike the previous film they are n't as busy with all kinds of swashbuckling adventures .
A darker , richer , and more elaborate film than the original .
The most interesting of the series
To see The Empire Strikes Back again on the big screen is a real treat and it brings to mind that cliché they do n't make 'em like this anymore .
Easily the best of the Star Wars saga , sad but thrilling .
It was incredible to see what is arguably the best of the Star Wars films , on the big screen again .
In Empire , creator George Lucas ' childlike epic ventures into complex territory that gives the story a touch of psychological heft its siblings lack .
It 's the best film of the series , and one of the greatest sci-fi flicks ever made .
El Episodio V es el más oscuro de la saga de Star Wars , pero también , el más seductor .
The total effect is fast and attractive and occasionally amusing . Like a good hot dog , that 's something of an achievement in a field where unpalatable junk is the rule .
By far the best part of the trilogy , Empire is a classic that completely transcends its genre , with a reputation that can only grow and grow .
A Star Wars that has not only lost much of its humor and charm but more important a good deal of its innocence , traveling in the process light years away from the shiny first magnitude of its original world .
may always be the middle child of the Star Wars Trilogy , but it will always remain the stronges
I found myself glancing at my watch almost as often as I did when I was sitting through a truly terrible movie called The Island .
A superior motion picture !
It is a visual extravaganza from beginning to end , one of the most visionary and inventive of all films .
For many Star Wars fans , this second installment is the best of the George Lucas trilogy : a dark , ultimately melancholy , even philosophical episode that has no triumphant happy ending .
Star Wars made my eyes pop out when I first saw it in 1977 !
It 's impossible to imagine a person leaving the theatre feeling like he did n't get his money 's worth .
A dramatic illustration of the continued technical brilliance and leadership of the Lucas production team .
This 1980 sequel is a stronger film with cooler effects , more action , a better storyline and superior wisecracks .
Bigger , better , faster , wiser and funnier than its predecessor !
I think I can recite most of the dialogue from The Empire Strikes Back -- I mean , even R2 's clicks and beeps . Is n't that sad ?
It balances bloodshed with charm , spectacle with childlike glee . It 's a near flawless movie of its kind .
Nothing in the Star Wars canon betters this .
The Empire Strikes Back is everything most Star Wars fans hoped it would be -- a colorful , exciting , witty and adventuresome continuation of the saga of Luke Skywalker .
The finest and most mature of the three .
The script again is imaginative and full of laughs . Poor Chewy remains the brunt of the many of the jokes .
In the glory days of science fiction , critics wrote about the ` sense of wonder . ' That 's what The Empire Strikes Back creates in us
Genuinely powerful !
Loaded with perfectly timed comic relief and full of rich characters !
I 've always found Empire to be the Hamlet of science fiction , basically because nothing good happens to the hero in the entire story .
The most classic in its style , design and narrative .
The balance between action and mysticism in Empire provides fascinating energy .
The greatest episode of the Star Wars Trilogy !
It is still one of the better sequels Hollywood has ever produced !
Great follow-up to the original tale of a galaxy far , far away , this film has plenty of action , one-liners , special-effects , good vs evil rivalries and a pleasantly dark ending .
Scattered and less focused , the second of the Star Wars trilogy to be re-released in the Special Edition format remains a deep pleasure to behold .
The Empire Strikes Back is a technological triumph , a cornucopia of intergalactic tchotchkes .
Technical virtuosity and entertainment ingenuity .
Sophisticated !
One of the great space operas of all time !
Have you heard of this one ? Sequel to Star Wars ?
The Empire Strikes Back has always been the best written and best shot of the three Star Wars films , and with the enhancements , it looks like it will have a good chance at holding the title .
Here was a blockbuster which had the audacity to mess with the most successful film formula anyone had yet discovered , a feature film which ended the way feature films just were n't supposed to end : with a cliff-hanger worthy of the old radio serials .
The sequel that rose above the high standards set by its glorious predecessor .
The storytelling is the series ' best , with a zingy balance of drama , humor , and Deep Thoughts .







@highlight

Dark , sinister , but ultimately even more involving than A New Hope , The Empire Strikes Back defies viewer expectations and takes the series to heightened emotional levels .