A dull retread . ... Not even the film 's easily enchanted target audience -- that is , children -- are likely to stay under the spell for long .
How do you go ten years and not notice how lousy your script is ?
An unimaginative plot with dull characters that are n't as endearing or memorable as they could have been .
Sleep-inducing and yet excessively violent , `` Delgo '' is a highly directive and bloated piece of animated sci-fi set in a fantastical world that never captures the imagination .
The crude , not-so-state-of-the-art animation and artwork all too clearly show the film 's 2001 start date .
As hard on the eyes as it is on the brain .
Just try figuring out the audience for the movie , because the violence is too much for kids under 8 , while anyone over 8 will be turned off by the idiotic humor .
Even though some of the action is fun and the world is imaginative , it loses points for having a horrible comic relief character that derails the fun .
I 'm not saying it 's a Christmas miracle . What I am saying is that the new animated movie ` Delgo ' and ` The Bells of St. Mary 's ' have something in common .
If the cast is too large or filled with name actors -LRB- often many of which are heading down the has-been road -RRB- , the film is going to suck .
Shoddily animated adventure is too violent for young kids .
Indifferently produced with on-the-cheap CGI animation , Delgo has gathered a B-name voice cast that competently moves the story along but does n't distinguish it in any way .
Although the film may be too violent for kids younger than 10 and too storybook for teens , it is a tale of mythic pretensions and can be quite stunning .
The story is tedious , noisy and banal . It is also rather dark and convoluted for children , though it does have the familiar bombast of a video game .
This flick is like a cheap thriller where the wisecracks always fall flat and the author could n't be bothered to invent a new plot , so he just patches together some old ones .
It 's all as generic as the John Williams knockoff musical score or the Lion King knockoff dialogue
There is n't enough action for older children , or silly humor for younger ones ; even at an hour-and-a-half , the film feels padded , and it 's going to feel even slower to audiences amped up on blood-red Icees and molar-cracking Nonpareils .
A few magic rocks and tepid battle scenes do little to inspire interest in the goings-on as Malcolm McDowell and Eric Idle spout villainy and punch lines , respectively .
Little in the movie makes sense , the humour is forced and overall , it 's sometimes boring .
Delgo demonstrates how hard it is to create a memorable , credible-looking piece of animated entertainment .
Admirable attempt at independent feature animation is undercut by videogame-quality CGI , cardboard characters and a bludgeoningly allegorical , unimaginative story of tribal conflict and teenagers in love .
Parental Content Review
It 's a good thing I just bought the Wall-E DVD , because I 'm gon na need to watch it at least a dozen times to scrub the horrors of Delgo out of my brain .
The look has impressive flair and attention to detail . Its biggest weakness is too many characters , too many plot diversions , and too much violence for very young children .
a lot like watching your computer 's graphics card vomit .
In a season soon to be filled with better-made family movies based on better-known material , the movie 's serviceable-enough animation is n't likely to help it stand out .
The story is a mishmash of adventure-fantasy tropes .
Characters are stiff ; there is little variety in movement . It 's a cheapo product ideally suited for a Saturday-morning pyjama vigil in front of a small screen .
Better than a lot of animated features released in the past few months .
A boring , ungainly piece of animation .
After watching this offering of CG-animated fantasy fluff , I 'm curious as to why it took so long to assemble what comes off as a routine family film experience ; a film of almost dogged mediocrity .
A high-tech animation adventure with a top-flight voice cast and a well-told if familiar fable about power , peace and people getting it together .
Apparently it took six screenwriters to come up with a screenplay lacking a single good idea .
The animation 's not bad . But the staggeringly complicated Tolkien-C.S. Lewis setting , the reptilian leads and the faded fairy-tale plot skewer poor Delgo before we have a chance to figure out what 's going on here and why .
The animation is well done , but the story meanders between kid-pleasing slapstick and more serious good-vs . - evil fare .
While it 's not aggressively bad , it is vapid and unimaginative , the type of thing you 'd let the kids watch on TV for free , not in theaters for an arm and a leg .
Perhaps the creators of Delgo were going for the ugly-chic appeal of Shrek , but their cartoon characters have all the aesthetic allure of Jar Jar Binks .
Too grim for kids and too dumb for grown-ups , this cut-rate CG space opera raises more questions than it answers .
Will love save the day ? You wo n't care -- more likely , you 'll just wonder why this is n't a video game you can actually play .
Anything good that can be said about this movie tends to be hindered by the ugly animation , which pales in comparison to anything else being done in the field right now .




@highlight

Delgo features a blend of plot elements from earlier -LRB- and superior -RRB- fantasy films , with weaker animation and dull characters .