By the time we get to the big reveal and climax , it all just sort of happens without much reason or effort - a fitting metaphor for the entire film .
... Gore Verbinski tries to channel his career , battered after The Lone Ranger , with a ghastly variation on the immortal theme ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
When you peel back the layers and get to the base of the plot , it 's pretty much been done before and it 's not very unique .
A puzzle picture , a conspiracy thriller , a kind of baroque classical nightmare , A Cure For Wellness is too sturdy , busy and sure of itself to be much of a horror film . Nor does it mean to be .
The first half of the film sets up some nice intrigue at a pleasantly languid pace , but then the experience grows frustrating . The plot has more twists and turns than ... yes , an eel ! And the more the story zigs and zags , the less sense it makes .
Watching it is like living a lucid nightmare ; there are hallucinations and hypnotic abstract images at every turn
The problems lie in an excessively lengthy runtime resulting in repetition of scares before an utterly bizarre finale .
In order to make it through , you 'll have to be committed .
... seems to go on forever ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gore Verbinski 's A Cure For Wellness is weird , wordy and unforgivably long-winded .
I do n't think I can recommend the film , but there are enough unique traits here that could satisfy curiosity seekers or completists .
This psychological horror thriller is one of those movies where everything is so aesthetically pleasing to the eyes . But the plot line gradually veers towards the slightly disappointing .
Completely fearless in blasting past good sense and good taste in its attempt to capture morbid , weird moments .
Ultimately though , it 's a film that eventually becomes far less than the sum of its parts - and a two and an half hour running time is entirely to its detriment ...
A movie such as A Cure for Wellness depends on having one hell of a payoff . Sadly , it does n't .
A Cure for Wellness is haunting , gorgeous , and masterfully disgusting . In a strangely subtle way , it 's one the weirdest films I 've seen in ages .
Though its pieces do n't quite congeal into a streamlined narrative , Gore Verbinski 's shift away from swashbuckling adventures and back to gothic horror is a welcome sight .
... a creepy , fantastical , and eventually perverse horror extravaganza .
Thanks to a screenplay that features a multitude of superfluous scenes and a twist that anyone could guess by the halfway mark , the result is an extremely plodding , meandering , and lengthy film that fails to leave any impact .
A deeply psychological 146-minute roller coaster ride
For a film to make us wait 130 minutes before revealing its twist only to be underwhelming has committed an unforgivable sin .
It wo n't be everyone but this is a fairytale meeting grand guignol for the multiplex crowd .
A project by the director of Pirates of the Caribbean , which includes elements as scabrous as incest , bizarre sex and gory scenes , does n't deserve to be completely dismissed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Think of it as your new favorite HBO series in movie form -- too majestic , too mesmerizing , and too bizarre to write off .
Definitely the best film by Gore Verbinski ; Which is also , fortunately , it 's the most risky and radical of his career . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gore Verbinski 's A Cure for Wellness is lurid unto beautiful , exquisite pulp , just barmy enough to attract a cult and just smart enough to deserve it .
No menacing corridor goes unexplored and no mood is left unteased in this glossily atmospheric thriller where the 1 per cent have their own issues to worry about .
Verbinski 's gothic psychological thriller is absorbing . It unfolds in a maze even Theseus would not escape . It will keep you guessing until the almost unbelievable ending .
Verbinksi 's atmosphere-building skills , however , are exemplary . He has such control over pacing and tension , audiences will be on the edge of their seats right up until the preposterous end .
Plays like the kind of feverish dream you might have after marathoning all of your favourite spooky movies , with your brain trying to mash everything into one over-the-top package .
If Verbinski had brought pace , the film might have worked , but he takes an eternity , then throws it all to the winds with a finale that 's remarkable silly , even in this fanciful neck of the woods .
At a health-unconscious running time of 146 minutes and with scripting prone to bouts of short-term amnesia , some viewers wo n't need a second opinion to write the whole thing off as a sick joke .
By the time we get to the third act you 'll have either given up or be rapt in the film 's sheer lurching madness
-LSB- One -RSB- of the most distasteful and obnoxious studio offerings in recent memory .
-LSB- A Cure For Wellness -RSB- does n't just stretch the limits of plausibility , it punches plausibility in the guts , pushes it into a river and waves goodbye .
A CURE FOR WELLNESS is so grotesque ; it 's Gothic horror gone awry ...
An absurdly over-long run time allows the film to keep on answering questions that we never asked .
A Cure for Wellness is a visually crisp and clean thriller .
-LSB- The film is -RSB- notable in its own flaky , freaky way , its visual peaks and narrative valleys neatly summing up the bizarro career of its director .
Gore Verbinski indulges a hitherto undisclosed passion for vintage Eurohorror with this voluptuously shot mystery-shocker .
Verbinski 's film is certainly one of the most visually arresting horror films since The Witch last year , allowing it to mine much macabre beauty and freak-show spectacle out of its unremarkable plot .
Much of what happens is genuinely cringe-worthy , but the effect is badly watered down by the movie 's increasingly shallowness .
All the style and slithering horror is not enough to glue together a plot that favours atmosphere over coherence and overstays its welcome by at least 30 minutes .
A very big and pitiful disappointment if you take into account all the potential that had . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that aspires to explore the complexities of guilt , power , dominance , paranoia , incest , illness , health and aging , but by doing so within the strategies of horror , it confuses its purposes and gets lost in the path . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sometimes overwrought yet unrelentingly absorbing .
It 's almost hypnotically beautiful and you ca n't look away , right up to the off-the-wall ending . Verbinski delivers the goods on that score .
-LSB- The -RSB- poor ending felt like a betrayal , since it wrenches A Cure for Wellness fully out of its original genre and into melodrama .
Ominous signs and psychological detours get tossed out and tossed away on the path to ridiculous gothic nonsense that takes itself far too seriously .
-LSB- An -RSB- overripe , overblown , gorgeous oddity .
One can only imagine that , given that there 's little gore or sex , the restricted entry level is designed to protect younger viewers from the deeply upsetting feelings of frustration and irritation that emerge once it becomes clear that nothing is working .
A misguided and often intolerable trainwreck ...
Unanswered questions pile up , until only one remains . Could this be the stupidest third act EVER ?
There 's a very good 80-something-minute movie trapped somewhere in the sprawling morass of A Cure for Wellness , a movie that 's at least an hour too long . But as it is , A Cure for Wellness could serve as a cure for insomnia .
You ... have to admire Verbinski 's audacity for pulling off such a sprawling and decidedly un-Hollywood slice of strangeness in this day and age .
The only relief comes from the unintentional hilarity of the fiery , overblown finale , and plenty of folks will have checked out or slipped into a catatonic state by then .
Madder than a box of frogs - or should that be an isolation chamber of eels ? - director Gore Verbinski 's rather meandering supernatural fantasy remains an elegant elixir-of-life shocker .
Unpersuasive fiction about a young man who 's just about as smart as you and just about as good or bad a reader as you .
There are bags of atmosphere and style in A Cure For Wellness but not much of a story .
The movie 's operatic claustrophobia makes its mark . Cult status beckons .
ot a masterpiece , but nothing easily forgettable , either .
Kubrick in Shining mode doing The Road to Wellville .
Verbinski goes for menace and atmosphere , rather than cheap jump scares , and when the film works , it is quite malevolent in the best kind of way . Unfortunately , it simply goes on for too long .
It gets dotty , then dottier .
Shutter Island with eels . Gore Verbinski has delivered one of the strangest mainstream studio films in recent memory .
The sanatorium might as well be signposted `` this way to campy-Gothic set piece # 5 '' , and so on - it just feels like a playground for Verbinski 's impish style fetishes .
A Cure For Wellness seems at times like one of Tim Burton 's darker offerings but it conspicuously lacks the charm and wit that Burton invariably brings to his work . The film takes itself very seriously - and that 's part of the problem .
This is a film that 's entirely satisfied with making no sense at all . It 's hard not to feel a little endeared by that kind of scrappy energy , especially when the real meat of this film lies in its atmosphere-building .
Exquisite gothic trappings , timeless fairy tale grue , and several sips of mortality .
An ambitious but unnecessarily long thriller . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A gorgeously grim and hypnotic viewing experience .
A Shutter Island horror knock-off that 's not scary , starring the supermarket own-brand Leonardo DiCaprio , that 's at least an hour too long .
Verbinski squeezes all the mystery he can out of the screenplay , which adorns its elemental story with morbidly colorful details .
Verbinski inflates a story ready-made for a brisk Gothic shocker into a bloated , self-important mess .
A high-altitude horror - think a Bram Stoker reworking of * The Shining * or Shutter Highland - of real craft . Ultimately , though , the plot turns out to be thinner than the air .
For those interested in a more meditative experience than most horror movies can provide , A Cure for Wellness proves surprisingly effective .
From the very offset , Verbinski has created an indelible , visceral piece , that heightens the senses as the camera lingers over every little detail , transpiring in a distinctly uneasy piece of cinema which is incredibly hard to sit through .
It is creepily suspenseful and entertaining until those final scenes when it all falls apart .
The psychological thriller `` A Cure For Wellness '' is less a remedy than a watered-down -LRB- literally -RRB- placebo . It dissolves pretty quickly - and not in the fizzy heights director Gore Verbinski intends .
A tale so absurd , presented with such ludicrous solemnity , that it becomes an unintentional spoof .
One should n't underestimate the sheer pleasure of encountering a project that 's willing to deviate from the typical obsession with plot and hitting storytelling beats in an attempt at something grander .
I find myself believing A Cure for Wellness deserves to be amongst Verbinski 's best , and the more I dissect its various layers the more confident in that determination I find that I become .
A piece of pseudo-arty Euro-horror shlock , A Cure for Wellness boorishly appropriates motifs from movies much better than it and offers no narrative payoff whatsoever .
There 's no good horror to be had from it . Instead , it 's just horrible .
By the time the `` big '' reveal and finale finally lumber up onto the screen , the proceedings have slipped into `` B '' movie preposterousness . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , Scary Stuff , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Two and a half hours of dull , aching unpleasantness .
-LSB- Verbinski is -RSB- more at home making viewers squirm than in indulging in Johnny Depp 's whimsy .
A messy film with a contrived ending .
Rich in atmosphere but poor in substance , this slow-burning psychological thriller winds up more tedious than terrifying .
Somebody OK 'd Gore Verbinski 's flimsy shockfest and its idiot plot based on his success with the ` Pirates ' films and perhaps his spooky ` Ring ' remake . Alas , now will come a real cure for such generosity quicker than the movie 's preposterous running time .
A Cure For Wellness offers far more style than substance .
The Shining meets Grand Budapest Hotel , but not in a good way . Good looking pastiche .
... a repellent curiosity , rich in atmosphere yet starved for dramatic morsels a sound plot might nourish .
A Cure for Wellness is a visually-stunning work , but the abundance of style adds up to an overall hollow experience that fails to connect .
Cinematically ambitious and impeccably designed , this freaky thriller is often exciting and intriguing , but viewers may find themselves wishing they could unsee certain disturbing images .
The result is the strangest yet blandest of brews .
So what 's this lumbering oddity all about ? I 'm afraid it 's about two and a half hours long .
A psychological horror that is sure to scar anyone who has a fear of hospitals , old people , needles , snakes , water ... .
The story basically boils down to : creepy scene here , creepy scene there , REALLY creepy scene downstairs , excruciating dentist scene .
Grotesque , but not in the good way , like you want .
Somewhere around the middle of the film , one begins to realize it probably is n't going any place worthwhile .
At 90 minutes it could have been an eerie , tricky , well-crafted thriller . At two hours its wheels start to fall off . And then it continues to limp along for another 30 minutes , after which you wonder what the point of it all was in the first place .
Screenwriter Jason Haythe tries to pull off some narrative sleight of hand here , while -LSB- director Gore -RSB- Verbinski is telling us and showing us exactly where we should be looking .
An original horror movie in an era when the genre has grown anemic . A bit too long is the only criticism .
Surrender to the macabre insanity and take a dive into those deep waters ...
Seems to last forever and , when it finally ends , leaves a sour aftertaste of overproduced , overblown schlock .
There is tremendous visual craft and inarguable style here , but none of the discipline , the sense of pacing and proportion that would allow the filmmaker 's creative instincts to soar rather than merely splutter .
Overdoses on its hallucinatory visuals and puts the viewer to sleep .
A deft illustration of the desire for retreatism inspired by the ruthlessness of modern urban life , and the ways that desire can be exploited .
Overstuffed and undernourished .
Any movie physician would declare Wellness not healthy enough to stand on its own two feet as horror .
-LSB- Director Verbinski -RSB- takes the campy dread of Hammer horror films -LRB- Horror of Dracula , et alia -RRB- and builds it into a a gorgeous , epic assault on anti-immigration sentiments in Europe and elsewhere .
A Cure for Wellness -LSB- has -RSB- a swell title for a godawful gothic horror flick .
Studio films rarely get as bonkers as A Cure for Wellness
There 's no rule that main characters have to be likable , and DeHaan 's Lockhart is n't , but they at least have to be interesting . He fails that litmus test .
It is a thoroughly distracting film , entertaining a lot of the time , and ambitious in the way studio movies rarely get to be . So in its own way , A Cure for Wellness is an accomplishment . But it 's also a bewildering viewing experience .
... a gonzo , over-the-top , thriller that slowly morphs into a horror film . Viewers able to buy into this waking nightmare will find themselves amply rewarded .
Overstuffed and overlong , collapsing under the weight of a silly conclusion .
`` A Cure for Wellness '' is a lustrous box of genre candy , the self-revealing work of an auteur who has laid bare not so much his psyche as his online streaming queue .
So rich is Verbinski 's imagery that it 's transfixing to wander through his fortress of the macabre .
Narratively preposterous and probably an hour too long , it 's the year 's first big howler .
This is not so much a horror movie as a lookbook for one - an assemblage of scary-flick odds and ends slotted next to each other with the thinnest of connective tissue .
The sumptuous visuals and spiral into confusing dream-logic - or more accurately , nightmare-logic ... sets the stage for a horror production driven by aesthetics and ideas more than pure plotting and character-driven narrative .
A Cure for Wellness is a sodden fairy tale , a version of Thomas Mann 's The Magic Mountain without any magic .
A Cure for Wellness is exactly the kind of cinematic misfire that studios try to bury in the early months of January and February . You 'd do well to give this weird tale a wide berth .
Way late in the movie , by the time most thrillers have already begun parceling out a morsel or two of resolution , you will still be scratching your head and wondering just what in God 's name is going on .
So gorgeous to look at , and so effective at layering diaphanous tones of queasiness and anxiety , that you sometimes forget to think about what you 're watching , which , in this case , is a good thing .
The horror that lies at the heart of the film is fairly obvious , and with no characters for whom we have a rooting interest , A Cure for Wellness is as difficult to swallow as castor oil .
It is at least 10 movies in one , some of them ingenious parodies , but all adding up to a cluttered , confused anticlimax .
This is the kind of singularly strange production that you appreciate for its excess and lumpiness , for the way it strays haphazardly out of blockbuster comfort zones .
About the best that can be hoped for `` A Cure for Wellness '' is a late-night slot in cable-TV rotation around Halloween , when paying less attention makes its many shortcomings stand out less .
The movie 's lush , carefully composed visual style and slowly building dread make for an enveloping , continually unsettling experience .
Rather than drawing from established classics to develop new ideas , A Cure for Wellness frustrates by offering little more than slightly quivering lip service .
Wins points by bringing something new and refreshing to the table , but A Cure for Wellness is too long , too repetitive and does n't stick the landing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very prolific , virtuous and impeccable film in a technical level , which aimed to be an Scorsese but gets stuck in the habitual mediocrity of horror cinema that saturates the billboard . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A Cure for Wellness is monumentally silly despite its grandiose visual scheme and emblematic , humorless tone ... But that does n't mean we ca n't have a little perverse fun watching Dane De Haan get put through the wringer .
When I heard that Verbinski 's latest project was a return to the horror genre , I was totally on board . And then I saw it .
This mad cribbing of David Cronenberg , Guillermo del Toro and Dario Argento might have been a mess , if not for Verbinski 's sly humour -- there 's a winking knowingness that dares the viewer to take it all seriously . That campiness saves the film .
The smart , surreal premise slowly , slowly unravels into schlock .
There 's a decent `` Crimson Peak '' - style gothic thriller in here somewhere , with a better lead character and about 50 minutes shaved out of the middle .
A crafty setup without a compelling story is like a beautiful kitchen without any food . You leave both hungry .
Densely imagined & boldly designed , `` A Cure for Wellness '' thrillingly takes its time , allowing each scene to breathe while washing over viewers willing to go along for the narratively elaborate , psychologically challenging , intoxicatingly deliberate ride .
I 'm not sure what Verbinski was after here -- a glimpse at oppressive European feudalism as a template for modern finance and rule by the 1 percent ?
This is a movie where a drink of water feels sinister , where a walk through the sauna becomes a descent into hell . And do n't forget the eels .
Verbinski 's latest film is rich with invention , intrigue , and a mind-melting liveliness that 's impossible to ignore .
We rarely see a major studio give a director this much free rein , and it 's a relief to see something this wacky that 's not a remake , reboot , or adaptation .
As a fetish object , it 's impressive . But as a fully satisfying feature-length drama , it 's a bust .
There 's an interesting movie somewhere inside `` A Cure For Wellness , '' screaming to get out .
Trim the excess running time from director Gore Verbinski 's latest , and this old-school horror with a lesson would make quite the impression . However , at two-and-a-half hours , A Cure for Wellness is as needlessly overlong .
saturated with movie-ness and a thick sheen of music-video artificiality , though mostly , again , in a good way
The story submerges and drowns in preposterous gothic nonsense .
Gore Verbinski 's no mere peerless technician , but it will take something stranger than `` A Cure for Wellness '' to suggest he 's more than slightly more .
Distinctive , invigorating creativity at work ... far from perfect , but this treat for the eyes with ideas to consider feels like a miracle of a movie by offering so much more than we expect from the jump-scare horror to which we 've resigned ourselves .
Sitting through 146 minutes of this nonsense was enough to do in even the most hardy .
This hodge-podge of dental torture , putative madness , and a very clumsy use of eels as metaphor wears out its welcome well before the final credits roll , skittering pell-mell towards an ending that is painfully obvious and even more painfully trite .
As a whole , A Cure for Wellness feels a bit excessive at times , but as far as provocative and boldly bizarre horror movies go , Verbinski runs the gauntlet here with an effort that I ca n't help but admire despite a few bumps in the road .
By underestimating its audience , the movie loses what magic it does have , becoming a shiny bauble whose noble intent is left utterly inert .
A Cure for Wellness feels confused and unsatisfying in the face of its own challenging questions and themes , even despite the film 's thought-provoking imagery and fine performances .
Dank with greenish tiled interiors and an unshakable sense of dread , this lovably icky horror film mounts a sumptuous , immersive universe , the kind that big-budgeted Hollywood rarely seems imaginative enough to try .
There 's a terrific , haunting 75 minute long chiller here for the taking , but it 's buried deep inside 145 minutes of repetition , flaccid sleuthing , and visual excess .
At least a half hour too long and self-indulgent , but also visually sumptuous and mostly entertaining .
It spends at least 90 minutes thinking it 's feeding you a mystery that you 've already solved . I almost feel bad for the movie . It really wanted to be a big twist so badly , it 's just sad .
This movie 's oddball structure is n't `` dream logic '' ; it 's more like sitting there as someone describes to you this crazy dream he had .
There 's a certain pleasure to be had from an expensive misfire . That 's the best that can be said for Gore Verbinski 's archly Gothic psycho-drama A Cure For Wellness .
By the end of the seemingly interminable 146 minutes , audiences will have already guessed the story 's ultimate twists , although by that point it 's quite likely they will have long since ceased to care either way .
There 's enough good to make A Cure for Wellness watchable , but too much bad to elevate it above the merely middling .
A Cure For Wellness would have been a tremendous 100 minute movie , but even at 146 , points are awarded to any studio that backs such lucid genre madness .
A Cure for Wellness could have been a horror classic . Instead , it suffers from trying to do too much and teasing out mysteries that become distractions .
Verbinski 's efforts to say `` This is IMPORTANT '' only make us wonder , `` Is it ? ''
A thrilling reminder of what can happen in the increasingly rare instance when a visionary filmmaker is given serious cash without constraints .
the climax arrives and the whole thing collapses into schlocky Gothic horror ... the film 's themes condensed into the most generic platitude . It 's like opening a Tiffany box and finding a piece of paste jewelry .
This deserves more points for what it 's trying to do rather than actually achieving .
Pretty soon you realize this is n't an icily existential horror movie . It just something from someone who 's seen a lot of icily existential horror movies . Better ones .
The movie deprives us of either a tragic villain or a sympathetic lead , hoping that its grab bag of squirm-inducing details ... will suffice , when in fact , they reveal how a shorter , tighter treatment ought to have done the trick .
The only possible cure for A Cure for Wellness would have been for the horror film maestro Val Lewton to have been summoned from the grave to chop it down to no more than 79 minutes . And maybe not even then ... .
A Cure for Wellness is like its Gothic horror setting : a breathtaking ancient castle that 's fairly desolate once explored .
A Cure For Wellness is what happens when you mix the noir-ish shades of Shutter Island with the Hammer Horror overtones of Crimson Peak , and mix in a dash of Bioshock for good measure .
All of the surreal images become nothing more than awe-inspiring affectations that do n't add any meaning to the story itself .
Most gratifying throughout the film is the anticipation of where Gore Verbinski will put his camera next .
What starts as an intense , bizarre , creepy haunted medical horror is thrown to the wayside in favor of more obvious horror motifs .
`` A Cure For Wellness '' is an exercise in watching a film continually stifle itself at its most compelling moments .
This psychological thriller/horror movie needs to be cut by one third to speed up the action . Slow going until the final twenty minutes .

@highlight

A Cure for Wellness boasts a surfeit of visual style , but it 's wasted on a derivative and predictable story whose twists , turns , and frights have all been more effectively dealt before .