The Sorcerer 's Apprentice was n't bad so much as it was terribly dumb .
In a post-Potter world where fantasy flicks are ten a-penny , there is simply nothing here to make -LSB- The Sorcerer 's -RSB- Apprentice stand out from the crowd .
It 's strange to have a film have so much magic within and yet ultimately not have enough of the right kind of magic to make it work .
drawing a line of lack-of-inspiration true and dire directly to Renny Harlin 's already-completely-forgotten The Covenant .
As an object to look at and be zoomed along in like an amusement park ride -- which is all it 's meant to be -- this movie is pretty much more of the summery same .
It also looks quite nice with some well-designed adventure moments and clean camera work that 's flashy but usually elegant . But that 's a few islands of interest on a sea of interchangeable marketing parts that 's all sizzle and no substance .
Whether intentional or not , The Sorcerer 's Apprentice plays like Disney 's stalled attempt to launch a stripped down Harry Potter-like franchise .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is one of those films that feels very close to being good .
Frankly , it 's completely dorky . And yet it slips by because of its wise decision to fully embrace that dorkiness .
Light on logic , and not always polished , the film plays like a gonzo big-budget Roger Corman B-movie . It 's filled with wonderfully imaginative visuals , interesting characters and spectacle galore .
This PG-rated Jerry Bruckheimer production is slick as an oiled weasel : larded with fancy special effects , canned romance , corny humor and a general lack of sophistication . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... a disappointingly repetitive and flat-out dull piece of work ...
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is a great family film that packs PG-13 excitement into a PG-rated film .
Though the movie is magic-like rather than magical and is , to be honest , on the thin side , it cast enough of a spell to keep me entertained .
It is the exact kind of film you would imagine to be spun-off from a dialogue-free animated sequence from Fantasia ; that is to say , not a very complex or interesting one .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is what you get when Jerry Bruckheimer produces Harry Potter .
This slice of science and sorcery feels like a throwback to the 1980s heyday of family films .
In spite of Nic Cage 's ` Hobo-with-a-leather-fetish ' chic there are some inventive effects sequences . Feels likes like a watchable-but-unremarkable patchwork quilt of every fantasy flick ever made .
Cage 's expressions cover a limited range , from earnest to fearless to glazed , and he trots out leaden dialogue along the lines of , `` That ... must ... not ... happen ! '' Surely there ca n't be an easier way to earn $ 20 million or so .
The plot verges on incoherence , but The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is entertaining enough if you can forgive the presence of Cage , whose brand of glum camp has n't grown any fresher with the years .
Probably would have saved us all a lot of trouble if someone had have pointed the way to Hogwarts .
I must say that the development of CGI special effects has contributed to the death of character and story . And that 's true in this case .
Cage and Baruchel fail to generate a connection and , apart from Molina 's Oscar Wilde impersonation , there is n't much to laugh at -- or thrill to , for that matter , since the action has been choreographed with the nerveless competence of an arcade game .
While containing a handful of impressive action sequences , this film is let down by a contrived premise and by-the-numbers script .
The wit and charm are missing
`` Almost '' and `` wants to be '' should never precede the word `` epic '' ... -LRB- feels like -RRB- the coolest stuff is being saved for later -LRB- sequels . -RRB-
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is essentially what would happen if The Mummy took a wrong turn at Hogwarts and ended up at a Dungeons and Dragons convention .
The non-stop action almost drowns out what might have been a decent screenplay ...
It 's an enjoyable action-fantasy adventure with a sparky script ; there 's even a playful pastiche of the broomsticks-coming-alive scene from the original legend , using the famous Paul Dukas music .
No one is likely to mistake it for art , but this is one of the better summer blockbusters , thanks to special effects , adequate acting and welcome flashes of wit .
If you 're a kid whose summer holidays are starting to drag , this should kill a couple of hours . Just do your folks a favour and do n't make them come along .
For my next trick , I will make the sequel disappear !
Promises tongue-in-cheek thrills but does n't quite deliver .
No amount of fireballs or car chases are able to stop the whole thing being really boring .
Despite Cage in a snit , it 's a likable if functional summer-show .
Casts a superficial and short-lived spell .
Cage is as wacky as ever and Baruchel is a likeable goof , though Molina is wasted and not quite evil enough .
Trademark Jerry Bruckheimer entertainment , hurtling along at a brisk pace and having just about enough comedy , romance and adventure to keep everyone satisfied .
Fun for 20 minutes , remorseless thereafter ...
A perfectly decent family romp boosted by the occasional flash of something braver and better .
Wand-erful stuff .
I would n't exactly recommend it , but let 's just say you could certainly do worse .
Likeable , engaging fantasy adventure with a decent script , pacey direction , terrific special effects and strong performances ...
As a contemporary fantasy , it is more holiday filler than summer magic , but the cast does its best to bring all the clichés to life .
If they had just let a little more anarchy in , this could really have been a piece of cinematic magic ... still , it 's enjoyable , does n't outstay its welcome and there 's always a chance they might take it up a notch when it comes to the inevitable sequel .
A loud , wacky , effects-laden extravaganza that 's short on plot , characterisations and any real tension . But it 's also rather mindless good fun .
A barrage of spectacular special effects in search of an appealing story .
The skills of Master Nicolas Cage are strong , but they can not save The Sorcerer 's Apprentice .
No magic here .
There is exactly one element of the film that 's of any use whatsoever : Nicolas Cage is absolutely on fire , bringing 1000 % to a role that does not require , justify , or reward such effort .
Obvious , oblivious to logic and overblown , but it also reminds us that escapist nonsense can be fun ...
Nicolas Cage is a hoot to watch even though he phones in his performance almost as much as he did for Ghost Rider .
It shows a fair amount of visual imagination , a brisk pace , solid acting , and lots of action , but is lacking in imagination when it comes to story and dialogue .
Because the story has been around for so long , it 's easy to forgive director Jon Turtletaub for having difficulty finding a fresh take on it .
`` The Sorcerer 's Apprentice '' is more frustrating than it is bad -- there 's a lot of potential here , and if the writing had been more inspired , this could have been a strong comeback for both Cage and for Disney .
` The Sorcerer 's Apprentice ' is not magical . It is n't humdrum , either .
An entertaining origin story ; some truly neat special effects played against the very real streets of New York City makes The Sorcerer 's Apprentice that much more magical and lots of fun to see on the big screen .
The plot wanders here and there but the appeal of Cage and especially Baruchel makes the film entertaining overall .
Is any of it memorable ? Hardly . I remember the contours of my theater seat better than I recall the particulars of this cinematic sleight of hand .
Nicholas Cage is fun , but the rest of the movie lacks vision , style and dare I say it - magic .
He canâ -LRB- TM -RRB- t hold a candle to Mickey .
There is much that 's appealing , from the performances to the scene where Turteltaub re-creates a live-action version of the classic scene from Disney 's Fantasia .
This loud , disjointed concept is one of the summer 's major disappointments .
In contrast to some of his recent outings , Cage , who strides manfully through the film in a floor-length cowhide coat and who looks like the victim of the bad-hair curse , is restrained and often charming as the supernatural-paternal adult .
With a wave of the hand , characters conjure stuff out of thin air , move objects and sizzle with lightning . You know , normal movie magic stuff .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is the product of a bad script , lifeless acting and predictable action . Jay Baruchel has already played this character two times this year .
As Balthazar , Cage does n't disappoint . He 's just manic enough to keep the character from becoming too predictable . More 's the pity , then , that a pro like him has to cede so much screen time to his character 's young protege .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- what ought to be the baseline for summer movies : fast , funny , entertaining , perfect for beating the heat .
This sorcerer 's biggest trick will be making the audience disappear .
Alfred Molina 's award-quality performance and the special effects are n't enough to keep this from causing a lot of squirming .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice should be rated U for Untouched by Human Hands .
It 's a producer Jerry Bruckheimer picture , so did you think for even a NYC sec it would be good ?
Good , solid entertainment jam packed with creativity .
-LSB- The -RSB- callback to the animated short ... you 're working on plasma balls and fire and stuff and suddenly it 's ` Substitutiary Locomotion . ' And it does n't work .
Ever wonder what the Harry Potter films would be like without an ounce of wit , grace or subtlety ? Wonder no more .
A big gob of mythical makeover and special effects-freewheeling fun .
It 's a fairly fun time for families , and Hollywood can -- and continually does -- build franchises out of far worse concoctions than this .
It 's just good enough to be considered `` good enough . ''
With a predictable plot , by-the-numbers action-movie jolts and no real sense of wonder , The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is really just a pumpkin .
Once the filmmakers have dispensed with a grueling expository preface set in Arthurian England , this shameless Harry Potter knockoff is a pretty tasty bucket of popcorn .
On a hot summer day , a family trip to the movies can be a time-filler or a time-waster . Apprentice honorably fits the second category .
The idea floating behind The Sorcerer 's Apprentice , and it 's a marvelous one , is that in the city , magic is both everywhere you look and everywhere you do n't look .
If a couple of adults are looking for mature movie enjoyment , this can be a disappointing recipe . But if you want a fun , fast-paced film that can be enjoyed by all ages , it cooks up just right .
Turtletaub has already proven he can avoid logic spectacularly well in the National Treasure films and he does it again here as well . It is n't a bad thing .
I get a charge out of Cage 's serious self-mockery , here as a wizard who 'd never make the grade at Hogwarts in a fantasy that does n't aim high but hits the mark for summer entertainment .
The story , not to mention Cage 's hair , is a little murky -LRB- ca n't a sorcerer conjure up a little shampoo ? -RRB- , but it does n't matter : The fun here is in the action .
Nicolas Cage and his magical perm conjure little more than bland theatrics in this formulaic fantasy flick .
click to read the full review
While Mr. Molina and Mr. Cage supply a measure of well-compensated eccentricity , their labors ultimately serve to emphasize the grinding mediocrity of the enterprise .
The movie is n't so much bad as it is formulaic and uninspired . In some ways , that might almost be a worse sin .
A generally joyless pastiche of sorcery history , imitation Potter `` chosen one '' Messianics and mirthless silliness , it 's another in a string of recent black marks against Cage 's Oscar-owning reputation .
As expected , the CGI effects are over-the-top -LRB- and there 's always a so-what quality to such `` exciting '' scenes -RRB- , but the movie is light-handed and exhilarating ...
Magic is the one thing in very short supply in this modern-day sorcery tale .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is not really about storytelling as much as it is about marketing . It 's not about `` what happens next '' as it is `` how much stuff can we cram in there , and how well can we sell it ? ''
A film obsessed with the idea of magic that does n't bother to stop and create any of its own .
A brain-dead blockbuster high on action sequences , CGI and silliness , but low on fun , thrills and imagination . Where 's the magic when you really need it the most ?
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is visually sustaining and surprisingly entertaining .
Just another loud , pointless Jerry Bruckheimer production , with Cage smirking his way through perfunctory action sequences .
A movie I was very surprised to be enjoying suddenly became tiresome , and by the time the special effects-filled climax occurred I just about turned on the picture completely .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice has its fun moments , but they are lost amidst all the lousy CGI clutter and noisy filler scenes of people hurling blue balls of energy at each other to little effect .
Offers enough endearing goofiness and magic of its own to earn a pass this time .
a turbo-charged , entertain-at-all-costs movie
The movie proceeds exactly as you 'd expect , only longer and with much less insanity than you 'd expect from Cage .
A breezy bit of summertime family entertainment .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is too long , and it 's ersatz magic , but at least it casts an ersatz spell .
-LSB- L -RSB- o and behold and WTF , here 's adorkable Jay Baruchel ... getting molested by dancing mops as ... the literal replication of a 70-year-old cartoon ... force -LSB- s -RSB- its way into a movie where it clashes tonally , interrupts the plot , and just plain makes no sense
Kid-friendly thriller is fun , if lacking in real magic .
Although Turtletaub could have toned down a couple of the many battle sequences this should be spellbinding summer fun for its primary family and kid target audience .
-LRB- F -RRB- ireballs and lightning bolts that would n't be out of place in an old Ghostbusters flick . There 's even a bit of nostalgic charm in that . Then Turteltaub breaks out the dancing brooms and we remember Disney 's misguided money grab that got us here .
Though formulaic and aimed squarely at the twelve-year-old set , it manages to put together a decently entertaining two hours , thanks in large part to its lead performers .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice conjures plenty of FX but too little magic .
Not even the loose cannon of Nicolas Cage shooting plasma balls , riding a Chrysler Building griffin , explaining string theory or wearing a ridiculous hat can stiffen this wet noodle .
Too much eye candy and not enough heart has this bit of blockbuster bait fizzling into frustrating forgettability after its promising , and at times dazzling , start .
Like all great kid flicks , it 's too good % u2013 too fast and too funny % u2013 to be confined within the `` family film '' ghetto .
I almost want to recommend the movie anyway for the sheer lunacy that Nicolas Cage -LSB- and Jay Baruchel -RSB- bring to it .
For all the spellcasting , there 's very little magic in this movie .
The title character in The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is played by Jay Baruchel , and here things begin to go seriously astray . They do n't ever stop .
Turteltaub has a workmanlike touch and an easy sense of humor here , and he and his team do a better-than-expected job of keeping you interested in the story , despite it being yet another Tale of a Reluctant Young Man With A Supernatural Hero 's Calling .
It 's an OK , family-oriented comedy action blockbuster with jokes and special effects troweled on to bolster its not-terribly-fresh story of magic and mentoring .
In place of a plot , there 's a premise ; in place of carefully crafted action , there are stupefying exercises in computer-generated imagery , and in place of an ending , there 's a hook for the sequel and , if all goes well , a new franchise .
The story takes a little too long to tell , the special effects take precedence over the plot and the climax is as predictable as the hefty box office the film is likely to amass .
That there are more misses than hits will matter only if you 're above the legal age to drive .
You ca n't fault the film 's classy cast or its genial humor or its speedy-but-comprehensible action sequences , which beautifully straddle the line between `` breakneck excitement '' and `` what the what was that ? ''
Baruchel , fresh from his first starring role in She 's Out of My League , establishes again that he can hold his ground as a lead actor , even when competing with Cage .
The disjointed plot is a mélange of clichés with logic that feels conjured up on the spot . Magical legends are cobbled together as if by someone in Screenwriting 101 . Or , as is the case here , by a half dozen writers , seemingly at cross purposes .
More Cheez Whiz than wizardly .
Another summer effects extravaganza that fails to replace charm with CGI , though at least it spares us the agony of crummy 3-D .
This seventh teaming between Bruckheimer and Cage is as close to cine-magic as they 've come . A Merlin tip-of-the-wizard-cone-hat to one of the most bewitching blasts of the summer .
The filmmakers have called up -- and pumped up -- an absolute orgy of special effects , but all they 've conjured is a horrid mess of a movie .
It does n't have a script that draws us in , or characters we care about . It 's a mere jumble of special effects , hoping to catch kids searching for a quick summer substitute for Harry Potter .
Against many odds , a big-budget Jerry Bruckheimer remake -- of a story best known with Mickey Mouse in the lead ! -- manages to hit every mark and gives us a rare blockbuster that should please viewers of all types .
Successful tales of the high seas are one thing . The Sorcerer 's Apprentice proves that when it comes to reinventing the corporate catalog , the House of Mouse is more a House of Lousy Movies .
When judged on its own merits , this action-fantasy is actually one of the more fun movies to come along this summer . It has a good combination of thrills and laughs .
A movie in which spells are cast is not the same as a movie that casts a spell .
Strangely like 1985 's Young Sherlock Holmes , another film about name-checking familiar fictional characters and eagerly hopping from one amiably overblown , often clunky special-effects setpiece to the next .
Cage and Molina add magic , but not enough .
How is it possible that a film that spends so much time talking about magic can itself possess so little of it ?
There 's a lot of money onscreen in Jerry Bruckheimer 's latest family-friendly blockbuster , but it ca n't hide the two-bit story and script .
It whizzes by more quickly than you can say `` Produced by Jerry Bruckheimer , '' while also being magically devoid of anything resembling character , originality or distinction .
Funny , that despite non-stop special effects , sorcery and such , The Sorcerer 's Apprentice ca n't quite overcome the key ingredient it lacks : magic .
Gets right almost everything that Prince of Persia got wrong .
The many-hands script -- last one in was Matt Lopez of Bedtime Stories -- exists largely to show Cage and Baruchel and Molina shooting fire-jets and balls of compressed energy at one another 's heads .
It does feature people waving their arms around while CGI happens . So it 's got that going for it . Which is nice .
We witness a dumbing down of The Sorcerer 's Apprentice as director Turteltaub and team seem to be fulfilling some quota of silliness
The sense of warm and fuzzy wonder that starts things off does n't stand a chance against the uneven , badly edited mess that follows
There are a few standalone enjoyable moments , but the lack of true , onscreen magic makes the film feel like a cheap -LRB- albeit expensively produced -RRB- card trick that fails to impress . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
It 's not that The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is a particularly great film . But it is a surprisingly satisfying one . An epic comedy adventure , it is humorous and exciting , casting a spell of unrepentant fun .
Younger viewers will thrill to the fun bits . Grown-ups will linger on all the ideas and scenes that play off as weaker versions of better stories .
Stuck in that unfortunate movie limbo of being too innocuous for its own good .
What 's onscreen is n't nearly as inviting or whimsical as the animated short . Instead , the feature is a winded stunt show , brought to its knees by overcooked writing and insistently fruitless attempts at comedy .
A pinch of movie magic makes this fantasy action movie a summer movie popcorn pleasure for kids and their families .
Clanky , overblown and impersonal , a metallic bombardment of empty CGI pizazz and very little heart . For a film all about magic , it 's amazing how indifferent the whole corporate enterprise leaves the viewer .
Cage will likely not earn a second Oscar here , but he and director Jon Turteltaub make leftovers into fine PG malarkey with their hokey naïveté and prankish hocus-pocus .
A fun slice of escapist entertainment that 's teeming with the kind of creativity Disney used to be famous for .
Nick Cage and Jay Baruchel do their best to deliver more than perfunctory Disney live-action fare , but ultimately nothing can rise above this ill-conceived storyline .
This charming Disney adventure -LRB- with just a touch of evil wizardry and black magic -RRB- is bag-of-tricks fun .
-LSB- Baruchel -RSB- nearly redeems the thing ... The surprise of The Sorcerer 's Apprentice is that it 's less satisfying as an adventure than as endearing nerd romance .
There 's no logic in The Sorcerer 's Apprentice that ca n't be , and mostly is n't , made up on the spot , a concept that will likely appeal to real-life 10 year olds but irk everyone else .
With many cooks in the writing , this CGI adventure is structurally disjointed and dramatically uninvolving , and the chemistry between reliable star Cage and charming Baruchel is not strong , which explains why the producers stress the literary pedigree .
Did Bruckheimer think of doing a human reenactment of Mickey Mouse in Sorcerer 's Apprentice from Fantasia - and then decided to build a whole movie around it ?
Over-indulgence tips the wand toward weak magic .
A bracing brew of a supernatural kid flick , stirring in all the dazzling magical ingredients optimum for casting a spell over audiences of all ages . While for a refreshing change , reading minds rather than mindlessly smashing them to bloody bits .
A noisy , f/x-spewing cauldron of a movie .
A tired relic of summer-movie cliches , clearly beaten to death by far too many credited writers .
Fairly fun , and occasionally exciting , but so bombastic that you 'll feel more like you 're being bombarded , than actually watching a film .
Cage gets paid and kisses Monica Bellucci . I burned off 2 hours in Hell . This movie is not for kids , it 's for toddlers .
The effects are spellbinding in The Sorcerer 's Apprentice , but otherwise this Nicolas Cage fantasy film is n't particularly magical .


@highlight

It has a likable cast and loads of CGI spectacle , but for all but the least demanding viewers , The Sorcerer 's Apprentice will be less than spellbinding .