More an extended Urban Outfitters advertisement than an essay on , or into , the exciting experiments of Beat Cinema .
While the film revolves around painfully handsome Dean 's chaotic existentialism , the women of On the Road , while often discarded by their men , provide essential narrative stability and insight .
Although the film is sensationally photographed and artfully directed and scored , it 's ultimately strictly dullsville , man .
Despite the obvious enthusiasm of the screenwriter , the director , and the actors for Kerouac 's novel , they get it wrong . Probably nobody can get it right , since the power is in the words , not the story .
Salles ca n't recreate the feeling of finding oneself in Kerouac 's prose
It 's hard to imagine how such an exciting book became such a boring movie .
A booze-soaked , drug-riddled , sex-filled escapade with no real point about young people casting off whatever yokes chain them and seeing what 's out there . It captures the pure exhilaration of freedom for its own sake .
If our On the Road is a barely coherent tightrope act - a fizzy word drunk stand-up speed-rapped by an aspiring poet posing as a dumb saint prole - then it 's tough to take this pretty version , populated by Gap models in retro Americana fashions .
The movie version of `` On the Road '' wo n't have the impact on a person that the book ever did . But it does go some way to explaining why the book did .
At just over two hours , its challenging to stay invested in the movie and its choppy , rambling storyline . As a filmic experience , however , it serves as an interesting companion piece to the similarly challenging ` The Master . '
Not a film for the masses ... the story is laced with sex , drugs and nudity , but it is a capable character study of a group of young friends who could be part of any generation .
A pretty disappointment .
Considering the central characters would become the dominant figures of the Beat movement , it 's unbelievable how pedestrian their antics prove , not to mention how through-the-roof the picture 's corn quotient is . Could the soundtrack have more bongo music ?
Salles approaches Kerouac 's raw , restless and spontaneous work in such a staid and conservative manner that the movie might as well be a lesser Merchant-Ivory production from the team 's late - '90s period of decline .
The filmmakers are intelligent and gifted , but they fail to provide a satisfying answer to the question facing anyone who might want to make a movie version of ` On the Road , ' namely : Why bother ?
Even Stewart , exuding more passion than in all five Twilight movies , registers more fully than the preening leads .
Jack Kerouac 's Beat Generation bible `` On the Road '' was experimental , experiential and ephemeral in a way Walter Salles ' film never captures or portrays .
If the movie were n't so visually eloquent at evoking post-war America , it might prove unbearable .
Salles aims to do for Jack Kerouac what he did for Che Guevara , i.e. , to make him and his pals rock stars .
What Salles gets just right is the sense of speed - of lives lived too fast , of the blacktop passing before their windshield in a blur .
This pretty period-pictorial companion piece to the novel fatally misses out on the brain-firing raw buzz that Kerouac felt and passed on to his readers ...
Hedlund is too pretty and not quite as maniacally charming as Dean . Riley 's Kerouac is even more apprehensive than the one in the novel , and that raspy voice he uses is distracting .
The film has a dreamy nocturnal lyricism , especially in scenes of Moriarty 's streamlined 1949 Hudson Commodore hurtling across America 's lamp-lit highways .
It 's not a wreck of a movie ; it 's not a sleek race car either . But there 's heat to be felt here .
Walter Salles 's warm but strangely staid adaptation of a piece of literature that was never meant to be tamed as cinema .
This makes for a rather uninspired film that , despite being based off of a novel considered a classic , fails to grab the viewer 's attention with its meandering storyline and characters that drift in and out of the picture .
`` On the Road '' is something of a sprawling mess , but then so is the novel .
It took more than half a century , but Jack Kerouac 's autobiographical cult novel of bohemian youth in postwar America has reached the screen in wonderful form .
Against all odds , a surprisingly effective movie .
In Salles , screenwriter Jose Rivera and company 's effort to get the details right , they only get so far . And it 's not quite far enough .
Clutching Jack Kerouac 's peripatetic roman à clef like a besotted sophomore , Walter Salles trails Kerouac and Neal Cassady 's novelistic doppelgängers like an eager puppy .
Director Walter Salles ' film is fairly faithful to the source material . It 's not going to start a movement , though .
Notwithstanding the characters ' spiritual camaraderie , Salles ' emphasizes the hard physical labor and loneliness in Sal 's story , including the jittery rigors of the writing process .
Even if Salles ' film ca n't possibly capture the impact of its source , it 's intriguing enough to rate a place in the ever-expanding mythology of `` the mad ones , the ones who are mad to live . ''
It 's not entirely successful , but it has many beautiful moments .
Although Jack Kerouac 's `` On the Road '' has been praised as a milestone in American literature , this film version brings into question how much of a story it really offers .
While Kerouac 's odyssey lacks conventional narrative or novelistic beats -LRB- though it comes with plenty of the other kind -RRB- , the restlessness of the prose has its own cinematic allure .
Comes off as the early days of douchebaggery in the aimless tale of a guy in love with the sound of his own voice .
The movie makes you feel as though you 've just woken up from an all-time bender : disoriented , confused , and wondering why you just put yourself through it .
They did what they wanted , even if it was n't always that much , and they did it stylishly . While on drugs .
In the end , it retains its status as a journey to who-knows-where , yet probably not in the way its original author intended .
Sorry , On the Road just does n't travel well .
The film is a handsomely photographed and competently cast work that does justice to Kerouac 's concept of `` the purity of the road . '' Yet there 's still something maddeningly lacking about it .
This 2 + hour adaptation -LRB- by Jose Rivera -RRB- spends most of its time on two things : sex , with various participants , and a lot of driving to and from various parts of the American landscape .
A film that should beguile anyone with even the slightest tendency toward being a seeker - and any fan of the book who wants a figurative translation to the here and now .
A pleasant but undistinguished adaptation of Jack Kerouac 's 1957 novel about himself and his Beat friends in the late forties .
The protagonists ' aimless drug - and sex-fuelled adventures have neither a seductive pull nor the weight of tragedy . They 're just grimy and a little boring .
Tiresome and relentlessly feverish , it never captures the spontaneous exuberance or rhapsodic wanderlust of the Beat Generation .
Riley eventually somewhat grows into his role , but Hedlund grabs us and never lets go .
Well-intentioned and well-made but self-indulgent exercise tries really hard but falls short .
It is a bunch of big , long , emotional , messy road trips .
Desperately in awe of its source material , and does not attempt to turn it into an interesting , enjoyable , or even functional narrative drama .
If there were an On the Road museum , this could be the elaborate diorama at its center .
Salles tries to capture the immediacy and spontaneous nature of the book , using long takes and even allowing the camera to drift out of focus when a character moves about .
To Kerouac fans : proceed with caution . The authenticity of the film 's Beat flavor is mild at best . To everyone else : do n't look too deep , and the sexy surface will entertain marvelously for a couple of hours .
It 's all rather exhausting , as opposed to exhilarating .
-LSB- The film -RSB- often feels stuck in second gear dramatically , remaining watchable without ever becoming truly compelling .
There 's no madness here , no burning , no desperate search for transcendence , no sense of characters on a heroic , continent-crossing quest . Just another sticky , stinky story of boys , being boys . And refusing to become men .
Kerouac 's On the Road influenced generations of writers and artists . Do n't expect this film to do the same .
What 's best about the film are its quick jumps from one depravity to the next as jazz rambles on the soundtrack : Youth is a candle to be burned at both ends , with -LRB- as it was once said about Bob Dylan -RRB- a blowtorch in the middle .
... a movie that 's raging and serene , always looking over the horizon while grooving on the beauty of the here and now .
Salles has made an admirable effort , which - while no roman candle - can be appreciated for its honest ambitions .
On the Road is not a great movie , but it 's a pretty interesting work of literary criticism .
Audiences may find reliving their own travel experiences during On the Road , enjoying the pretty scenery between the occasional nap and restroom break .
It all seems - dare I say it ? - of little consequence .
Salles has lovingly crafted a poetic , sensitive , achingly romantic version of the Kerouac book that captures the evanescence of its characters ' existence and the purity of their rebellious hunger for the essence of life .
They do n't seem like real people savoring their youth , but rather like illustrations in a book about how the Beats behaved .
Mistakes droning meditation for soulful significance , dashing around Kerouac 's experiences without establishing connective tissue , making the feature less about the characters and more about the highlights .
In the end , `` On the Road '' remains paved over .
This , and a certain lack of what one could call narrative thrust , makes ` On the Road ' a strange , diffuse experience , offering occasional glimpses of genuine beauty ...
The period detail is perfect and the lensing nails the novel 's frenzied rhythms , but a literal-minded approach and miscast lead stall this baby before the finish line .
Mostly feels like a group of Kerouac devotees performing a lifeless reenactment of prose that was better left on the page .
Another `` primitive '' postwar antique repurposed for boutique sale .
A dash of Tarantino might have juiced up Walter Salles ' wrongheadedly well-mannered take on Jack Kerouac 's 1957 Beat Generation landmark . On the Road feels tight and constricted .
A snapshot of the nonconformist Beatniks of the 1950s who yearned for the freedom and pleasures of the open road .
The lack of a strong expository voice further simplifies the wealth of explicit sex Walter Salles dramatizes , much of it drawn from juicy swathes of Jack Kerouac 's only recently published original scroll .
A case of alienation twice removed . First by the characters who wander in an emotionally distant fog through a perplexing American landscape . Then the filmmaker , whose voyage into palpably unfamiliar cultural territory compounds everything else .
On the Road just ca n't keep the beat
Shocking revelation ! The movie is not as good as the book .
Salles 's movie is a cause for celebration - the kind of celebration where everyone in attendance puts down their inhibitions and acts with all immediate integrity of soul .
Too calculated and respectful to bring on any needed spontaneity .
If you did n't know that Jack Kerouac 's novel ... was a seminal influence on postwar America ... you would never , ever guess it from this lifeless , soulless , pointless adaptation .
This adaptation may not `` burn , burn , burn '' with quite the same intensity as the novel , but it kicks and thrusts with a joy and yearning of its own .
Bold , affecting and inherently sad .
Perhaps its a testament to Kerouac 's mastery of his own screwy milieu that all attempts to impose order on the material are doomed to fail .
The notoriously `` unfilmable '' On the Road merely slides from hedonism into mild disillusionment .
Despite the skill behind and in front of the camera , a badly constructed script flattens this film version of Jack Kerouac 's iconic 1957 novel .
It 's beautifully shot , handsomely mounted and well cast ...
On The Road has some great moments - including a brilliant segment with Viggo Mortensen playing the legendary William Burroughs - but ultimately fails to take you on the ride you want .
It misses out the one thing that makes Jack Kerouac 's 1957 novel worth reading - his voice - and has no insights into sex , drugs , music or beatniks .
A noble disappointment .
The trite scripting and direction are accessorised with dismaying invocations of Culture , lest we mistake Sal and Dean for mere wastrels with wanderlust .
Hedlund is a gritty revelation , desperate and magnetic . Dean 's constant need for sex is understood as a sign of damage , part of the same compulsion that sends him all over America , bouncing between wives .
Aside from a meandering , episodic narrative that never grips or compels the movie is , frankly , no more profound , insightful or thought-provoking than Road Trip or an American Pie movie - and a whole lot less fun .
After more than two hours I felt like I 'd been watching The Numb Diaries more than a Tarmac-gripping thriller .
Beautifully shot and boasts both strong performances and a superb soundtrack ...
The narrative might not go far , but you 'll certainly feel like you 've been on the road . On and on .
It 's a good-looking film , but strangely passionless , and at 137 mins it feels like a very long road .
A decent , well-cast and mounted adaptation that hits all the right notes but plays them in a respectful , muted monotone .
A bore ... a largely aimless , joyless , cinematically drab road movie full of longueurs and detours populated by dull characters with little or nothing of value to say .
It may lose its way on occasions , but thanks to a committed cast and a script that captures the Kerouac vibe , Salles ' adaptation never ends up on the road to nowhere .
The straightforward narrative struggles to articulate the giddy thrills of making deep connections , of kindred spirits , and sex , jazz and Benzedrine .
A lot of it is so good and I think the performances are great . I think Garrett Hedlund is very charismatic .
Lovers of the book may feel Salles does n't quite get it right , but he does a very solid job .
While the film is lacking in connective tissue , Stewart and Hedlund go a long way to transcending the flaws . When they dance at one point , dusted with sweat and pleasure , On the Road truly moves . They 're completely on the Beat .
For the most part , On The Road is on the right track . All it needs is slightly more direction .
To get the most from the long and winding 140-minute journey ahead , some knowledge of the book -LRB- or at least its reputation -RRB- is compulsory .
On the Road offers beautiful vistas , full-blooded performances and great , episodic vignettes . It also frequently buckles under the weight of its own pretention .
`` The final film holds true to the source material - but it 's just not a journey everyone 's going to want to take . ''
While On the Road is a series of impressionistic moments , it would be a mistake to dismiss it as aimless .
Plays much like a piece of modern poetry ; it does n't rhyme , it does n't scan , it has a jagged dynamic , makes beautiful sense one scene , confusing the next
The smell of marijuana , the sound of jazz , the lure of audacious sex and the click-clack of an Underwood typewriter conjure spellbinding images in this adaptation of literary giant Jack Kerouac 's classic novel
Good performances salvage an uneven film .
Realizing that On the Road is not really a movie for me , I think it is a good movie . It 's well done , fast paced at over two hours and never dragging .
Salles has done the book justice by creating a film about what it means to be young and hungry for life .
What 's ultimately wrong with On The Road is that the film envisions everyone Sal meets as nothing but fodder .
a respectful , tuned-in approach
There are times when the film is incredibly pleasing to the eye but there is sadly little to be found beyond the aesthetic delights .
Evoca nas telas a escala épica das perambulações geográficas e existenciais de seus inesquecíveis personagens .
On the Road showcases universally solid performances under Salles direction - and weaves the majesty and allure of the diverse and wild vagabond life ; unfortunately the wheels fall off in the final act .
A rambling , tedious , seemingly unending mess that ca n't be salvaged by three decent but mostly underwhelming performances . Maybe some Benzedrine would make the whole experience seem worthwhile .
Salles brings evocative images , fresh faces , and some fine emotional shadings to the famous tale of friendship , love , sex , drugs , jazz , literature , and the American landscape .
Salles never overcomes the problem that so influential has the book been that the depictions which once seemed radical are now cliché .
All that 's missing is Kerouac 's voice -- the reason the book is worth reading .
What we 're left with is a pleasant story of a group of friends on a road trip , not the captivating , liberating spirit of Kerouac 's classic .
Walter Salles ' version is an honorable flop , a handsome film that tries hard , but ultimately does n't convey the wild spirit and heartbeat that inform the text -LRB- and subtext -RRB- of Kerouac 's iconic book .
In many ways a pleasing film , the drama seems muted and what made the Beats seem extraordinary figures is only partially suggested .
Derogatory dismissals of prosaic visual experiences have been around since , well , someone was bored to tears . To the poetic hyperbole of watching paint dry , or grass grow , we can now add : watching a writer write .
Salles 's film revels in the spirit of adventure espoused by beatniks Sal and Dean but is also awake to their all-consuming selfishness , regularly undercutting the free-spirited chaos with a few much-needed reality checks .
It does n't capture the cadence and flow of Kerouac 's writing -- does n't really even try to -- and can only hint at the intangibles that made the novel so influential .
Walter Salles ' film is designer Kerouac , a slick product that deploys all the tools of the big-budget , award-chasing indie film .
You can keep the Zeitgeist embalmed in myth and nostalgia for as long as you like , but to truly reinvigorate it you 'll need a whole lot more than a whiskey-hued lens and a frontseat full of pretty faces .
Despite the high level of craft here , it 's an inadequate substitute for the thrilling , sustaining intelligence of Kerouac 's voice .
This is On the Road as experienced by someone who exhibits no personality , a story of self-discovery in which there 's no self to discover .
Salles , an intelligent director whose films include `` The Motorcycle Diaries , '' does n't invest `` On the Road '' with the wildness it needs for its visual style , narrative approach and leads .
Salles may have pulled off the achievement of faithfully adapting Kerouac 's novel , but ... you might find yourself wishing for a little less literary fidelity and a little more cinematic storytelling .
What he does n't give us - and what makes the book work - is Kerouac 's bedazzled bohemian swoon . Without it , On the Road is a curiously remote experience , all reason and no rhyme .
Salles certainly ca n't be faulted for how he approached it . His `` On The Road '' has a real heartbeat , and it 's a trip worth making .
Walter Salles ' take is ultimately a failed attempt to adapt the unadaptable .
The rebel yell of ` On the Road ' now sounds muted and even a little embarrassing .
While the film 's dramatic impact is variable , visually and aurally it is a constant pleasure .
The characters heroically swig from bottles , smoke joints , have sex and become narcissistic , flatulent and boring in a way that is n't entirely intentional .
Neither the journey nor the destination seems to matter a jot .

@highlight

Beautiful to look at but a bit too respectfully crafted , On the Road does n't capture the energy and inspiration of Jack Kerouac 's novel .