A remarkably dense and powerful picture of people 's yearning and struggling ... . about how ` things just happen ' % u2014that 's the sadness and beauty of life .
an impressive , intelligent and moving tragicomedy of manners - any way you look at it .
Not a feel-good flick , yet likely to strike a chord with those inclined to contemplate life as a pessimistic venture guided by the unpredictable vagaries of the fickle finger of fate .
A multi-faceted , sparkling gem of a movie .
Most films about shell-shocked characters coming to grips with their own mortality are either excruciating or forcefully comical . Not so with this mini-masterpiece .
A dreamy but tough ensemble indie that delivers its existential angst with a straight-up Aussie drawl .
A thoroughly engaging , warm-hearted and frequently moving drama that marks Watt out as a talent to watch and deserves to find as big an audience as possible .
While -LSB- director Sarah -RSB- Watt begins to offer an interesting study in paranoia , tinged with some good comic moments , her multi-stranded plot and last-minute recourse to romance ultimately lost the interest of this viewer .
Lapses in judgement occasionally jar -- like the habit of playing middle of the road ballads over key scenes -- but the central romance is touching enough to lock us in while bringing out the moral of this story .
A black-humored screenplay , realistic performances , eye-catching artwork , and a few creative turns on some well-worn themes .
Filled with aloof and confused characters just treading water , and even if they are likable , it eventually becomes tiresome . It 's like one big pity party .
It has a cold , observer 's touch that makes dealing with the death and disease a disdainful task .
It 's the type of film in which a character sits next to his work acquaintance for a few moments , then asks , ` Do you believe in God ? '
Although none of Watt 's characters is granted the full attention of the film , they feel entirely real in their flaws , dreams and struggles with the grown-up world of pain , loss and isolation .
Watt stirs the ingredients in her story pot with vigor , sprinkling in rich dialogue and effortless tonal shifts that tend to add just the right shade of humor to lighten the dark material .
Some modest charms and a few unexpected emotional punches .
Only an Australian could make such a warm , gentle comedy about how death is all around us .
How each person copes with trauma and renewal adds up to a tender tale rich in memorable performances .
Sarah Watt 's unexpectedly hopeful tribute to the fragility of human life and the feelings of helplessness ...
Has a shambling charm that overcomes a tendency to narrative cuteness and fragmentation .
The bottom line is that none of this goes anywhere beyond a droning funeral procession .
It 's a movie about death that makes you feel better about life and gives you a few laughs along the way .
Close to being viewed like a Hallmark sympathy card .
Lacking the glorious emotional impact of the earlier Magnolia , this import still delivers a quirky , likable tale .
The film itself is beautifully done .
... deliriously inventive ...
Though Watt 's emphasis on coincidence and fate seems strained at times , Look Both Ways is rich in dreamy summer atmosphere and deadpan wit .
It 's hard not to be affected -- jolted at times -- by Watt 's relentless barrage of death images and dialogue , but ultimately , this in-your-face style has a desensitizing effect that detracts from the characters ' personal stories .
An imaginative , humorous and truthful contemplation of human reaction to the inexplicable .
Watt 's characters ... laugh at themselves and their dark obsessions , and there 's something optimistic in the filmmaker 's clear-eyed , straightforward storytelling style .
The movie ultimately feels innocuous , hitting too few emotionally provocative notes .
... devolves into uncomfortable self-parody .
... a fearless movie about a fearful subject , an unusually empathetic and quite funny film that deals with death and dying in the most offbeat and casually life-affirming way .
I watched the movie in a kind of fascination . It is poetic and unforgiving , romantic and stark .
Watt seems to want to say something about the role of fate and happenstance in creating connections between people , but she never quite brings the strands of her ideas together .
... a surprisingly -LRB- and inexplicably -RRB- uplifting meditation on the myriad ways life makes us all acutely miserable .
It 's the outlandishly pessimistic Justine Clarke who brings the train of events to a final destination of empathetic wholeness .
After the first hour , it 's clear the movie is n't going to offer any surprising new insights into messed-up modernity .
Australian filmmaker Sarah Watt 's fine feature debut is a quirky but moving tale of death , disaster , catastrophe and cancer -- it 's also a love story and often quite funny .
The much-honored Australian dramedy Look Both Ways may be the type of film that provides a purifying rain just when its beleaguered characters need it .
It 's not a perfect movie . But it 's definitely not a filmed play .
Look Both Ways works its way to an improbably cheerful ending , but getting there is a slow trip .
A pleasantly peculiar ensemble movie about melancholic people coping with random tragedy .
A well-rounded , funny and appealingly quirky drama .
Sarah Watt 's film follows a group of disparate and desperate characters over the course of one of the most depressing weekends in movie history .
The best parts of the movie are its occasional animated sequences .
This , is a really morbid film . Death and destruction are everywhere . Just the setting for a romantic comedy , Which I guess , is what this is .
Forging her own new path , animator Sarah Watt makes a delicate , empathetic live-action directorial feature debut .
An unassuming , unadventurous , but likable dramedy about dying and grief .
Innovative mixture of story with animation as a woman imagines one tragedy after another .
Notwithstanding several awards back home plus two abroad , ` Look Both Ways ' does not bring together its disparate elements .
It is a marvelously promising first film , and Australia continues to amaze us with its steady procession of deliciously appealing young actresses . What is going on in that outback anyhow ?
An imaginatively realized and well-acted Australian film about death , dying and grief .
Unimaginatively apes P.T. Anderson at every turn .
... engaging yet thoroughly innocuous ...
A wry black comedy about life , death and relationships , Look Both Ways is an original and appealing film with a unique slant .


@highlight

With animated sequences adding imaginative quirkiness to the mix , this movie about death and disaster is insightful , empathic , and more uplifting than one would think .