Without better development , the multiple betrayals - Lilly of Gerry and Lilly 's parents of each other and their family - would have resonated far more . Still , `` Very Good Girls '' is a good film and worth spending time with .
We should forget the contrivances because we 're wrapped up in how the girls act during the aftermath , but we are n't given that privilege .
`` Very Good Girls '' is far from a perfect movie , but I enjoyed its spirit and atmosphere , even as I objected to some of the key elements .
Youthful cliches trump insight in Very Good Girls .
Appreciably different and well acted throughout , and sincerely engaging in patches ... -LSB- but -RSB- ultimately succumbs to sigh-inducing artificiality .
The film treats a complicated experience with painstaking simplicity .
Bland , brooding coming-of-age drama wastes talented cast .
While Olsen and Fanning are surely talented , such a cold screenplay -- one that feels hard to engage with -- ends up leaving the actresses little to work with .
A difficult yet rewarding summer for a teenager getting ready to leave for college .
... Very Good Girls is a delicate and heartfelt story of a friendship on the eve of its maturity test , told in a nuanced , balanced way .
It rings false in its portrayal of sisterhood and coming-of-age angst .
An almost complete waste of a talented cast , and all to , apparently , convince teenaged girls that sex is n't worth the hassle . Say what ?
Will any film this year feature a moment more pretentious than David asking Lily to read a few lines of Sylvia Plath 's poetry before their first kiss ? That guy deserves a smack to the kisser all right .
Very Good Girls has a breezy yet bittersweet , vaguely nostalgic vibe .
-LSB- E -RSB- very conflict here arises from situations that could be easily resolved if the characters sat down to talk for a few minutes ...
Limp and insincere from bottom to top , Very Good Girls is especially frustrating in that its innate lousiness is more than even Fanning and Olsen can overcome .
You keep wishing it were better .
Despite a finely wrought lead performance by Dakota Fanning , the drama feels more like the stuff of a mild - and dated - YA novel than an involving exploration of female experience .
One insurmountable problem is that the stars , especially Ms. Olsen , 25 , are too old for their roles . Another is that the movie has more characters than it can begin to accommodate in 91 minutes .
Disappointingly , Foner 's young heroines are defined primarily by their reactions to other people . It 's a great credit to Olsen and , especially , Fanning that they manage to make these characters vibrant and sympathetic anyway .
A superlative-laden title suggests something that 's on-the-nose sentimental , satire , or subversive irony . Very Good Girls is none of those things , and is n't much of anything .
More of a meandering , misguided path than a road to hell , Naomi Foner 's directing debut , starring Dakota Fanning and Elizabeth Olsen as 18-year-old BFFs , is similarly filled with good intentions .
Girls reveals plenty of potential , but nothing gels as Foner imagines , making the feature appealing and honest , but only periodically .
The sort of narrow drama that acts as if there 's only one guy who lives in New York and treats all creative pursuits as sacred and instantly moving .
A drama that feels like an old person 's idea of what young people are like .
Holbrook acts as a discount Ryan Gosling -- all the mumbling and silence at just 20 percent of the charisma .
Very Good Girls is a film one wants to like but ca n't . It just does n't work .
Why -LSB- Naomi Foner -RSB- would devote her energy to creating two young women defined almost entirely by their competition for a generic hunk is a mystery-though she 's at least made sure that the guy is even more boring than the girls .
More disheartening than the unremarkable visual style is that the female leads are n't given ample space to develop as dynamic characters beyond the most urgent confines of the script 's scenarios .
Though Dakota Fanning and Elizabeth Olsen are just too old to pull off playing graduating high schoolers , they 're more than entitled to a pass here for the extraordinary depth , passion and complexity they bring to their coming of age female characters .
Nothing rises above the level of an after school special , though , making this a disappointment in about every conceivable way .
With a screenplay lacking the freshness and credibility of Foner 's best work , this all-around misfire saddles a miscast group of name thesps with some strikingly awful costume design .
Dakota Fanning and Elizabeth Olsen are wasted in veteran screenwriter Naomi Foner 's underwhelming directing debut .
A romantic drama that features sympathetic performances from Dakota Fanning and Elizabeth Olsen that ca n't overcome the story 's general blandness .

@highlight

Resting on a love triangle played out by poorly drawn characters , Very Good Girls succeeds mainly in making viewers want a better project for Dakota Fanning and Elizabeth Olsen .