Once in a Lifetime is like a soccer team that plays good defense but lacks offense .
Well-researched and exuberantly compiled , this is a thoroughly entertaining tribute to America 's first tackle at surgically implanting the beautiful game .
Not being a soccer fan , the Cosmos phenomenon had no impact on me at the time nor does this energetic film change that opinion .
mostly I 'm stricken with nostalgia for '70s fashion and Marv Albert 's hairdo
An energetically told tale , with eccentric characters to spare and a nostalgically bittersweet tone .
With just a little tweaking ... could be reworked in a Christopher Guest-style mockumentary of swollen egos and corporate whimsy .
Packed with observations and recrimations , many of the latter aimed at or by Chinaglia , which makes for some gossipy entertainment .
... the film is bursting with astonishing old footage , hip tunes , vivid interviews and you-couldn ` t - make-it-up anecdotes .
... treats its audience like a bunch of attention deficit disorder cases .
... accomplishes the minor miracle of making you mourn a sports team you likely never knew existed in the first place .
Once in a Lifetime , which relies on interviews and archival footage , may not be a great documentary , but it certainly gets its points across .
Once in a Lifetime is a marvelous primer on this remarkable event in soccer history , most likely never to be seen again .
It 's a rags-to-riches story that shows how American money and imagination revolutionized not just a team , but the entire sport of soccer , back then and still to this day .
Once in a Lifetime is riveting cinema for at least an hour , after which it starts to feel a bit like thumbing through a scrapbook . But American soccer fans -- and those interested in the business of sports -- will eat it up .
New York went bust , so did the team , yet scattered seeds for smarter soccer growth later .
Once in a Lifetime would have benefited greatly from historical and outside perspective , but the story on screen is such a kick that even monotone narrator Matt Dillon gets caught up in the excitement .
It has some funny scenes and wild characters who reflect back on the glory years , where the clashes of ego were as legendary as Pelé 's amazing bicycle-kick goals .
A cavalcade of theatrical personalities , juicy war stories , unforgiven grievances and old-school cinema dazzle .
The movie is ultimately too long and too this-no-name-player - was-traded-for-that - no-name-player detailed for casual viewers .
How that dream was realized and what factors brought it and its league to a horrific crash scarcely a decade later is the intriguing drama that directors Paul Crowder and John Dower are able to reconstruct .
Essentially an extended cable special .
An energetic and often enjoyable documentary , particularly for soccer fans .
Once in a Lifetime does a wonderful job of showing that this collection of foreigners playing a foreign sport forged one of the great American sports stories .
The movie is only so-so , borrowing a little from the VH-1 school of popumentary but lacking the snazzy production values .
Through interviews with former players , coaches , and company officials , as well as archival footage , the film traces the club 's amazing rise and ultimate disintegration .
Another soccer film ? Buy , hey , it 's about a NEW YORK soccer team , glorifying the late Steve Ross , the number one corporate viper ! For those who believe the world ends at the Hudson River only .
Lively , free-wheeling amusement .
A slick , gossipy documentary that pulses to the strains of James Brown , Parliament and the Love Unlimited Orchestra as it glosses over facts to make its questionable case for the Cosmos .
This is not an exercise in fabricated nostalgia , but a raucous chronicle of defeat snatched from the jaws of victory .
A spot-on goal .
Crowder and Dower wonderfully coax the participants to tell us everything and present it in a very entertaining , engaging and informative way that will have fans and non-fans laughing all the way
Far more entertaining than it has a right to be .
Anyone who wants to relive this flamboyant but fleeting chapter in America 's uneven soccer history should not miss this .
About a brief gathering of high-paid superstars slumming it in America at the ego-driven whimsy of one of the world 's most powerful moguls -LRB- who himself had nothing to lose , since the whole venture was on Warner 's tab -RRB- .
You do n't need to be a soccer fan to , like Cosmos fans , fall for this captivating tale , told in Rashomon-like style .
Aptly portrays the country 's brief love affair with soccer and acknowledges that it will continue to thrive , whether we 're paying attention or not .
Whether or not the `` dream '' of a thriving U.S. soccer league might ever be realized , this moment retains a thrilling illogic and undeniable energy .
Needless to say , until the unhappy ending , we 've got an entertaining and edifying romp .
Crowder and Dower 's film is a refreshing reminder that ... without the Cosmos ' brief and shining moment in the sun , suburban soccer leagues would be as rare as collegiate boccie tournaments .
A colorful time capsule of 1970s New York ... the doc 's jauntiness is enhanced by its many charismatic characters and a funky , wall-to-wall soundtrack ...
The documentary offers enough color and depth to hold your interest and leave you keen to see the World Cup finals .
No Hollywood scriptwriter would dare make up a tale as outrageously unlikely -- but , as it happens , true -- as the one so entertainingly told in the documentary Once in a Lifetime : The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos .
Once in a Lifetime performs a belated autopsy on the Cosmos and the North American Soccer League and basically concludes that they died of impatience .
An enlightening look back at how `` the world 's sport '' briefly took off in the US .
Told in a breezy , fast-cut style , and backed by a boisterous soundtrack that ranges from Puccini to James Brown , Lifetime focuses on the players -- on the field and off -- that made the Cosmos such a super , if short-lived , team .
Giddy , gossipy and endearingly unslick , Once in a Lifetime chronicles the rise and fall of the most famous soccer team in the United States with slapdash glee .
If nothing else , the energetic documentary Once In A Lifetime proves that an audience once existed for soccer in this country , and could be cultivated again .
This intermittently fascinating documentary chronicles the rise and fall of the Cosmos -- which is also the rise and fall of U.S. soccer .
... a stylish scramble of evocative footage , groovy music , and crazy-candid reminiscences from key players still proud to score .
The perfect mix of style and substance , visuals , music and words ... one of the best sports documentaries ever made .
A fun and rowdy take on the New York Cosmos , who almost succeeded in bringing soccer into the American mainstream during the late 1970s .
An entertaining documentary that wo n't change the world , but should leave you spellbound for 90 minutes .
The film is an uncanny reflection of soccer itself : intermittently engaging but generally a dramatically inert bore .
A good yarn well spun , a story so fascinating that you 'll be hooked until the very end .
An engrossing account of American soccer 's strangest episode -- and you do n't even have to like footie to enjoy it .
Full of drama and fascinating anecdotes .
A lively 1970s tone that neatly captures soccer 's brief North American heyday .
Such a heady combination of greed , girls and goals , all set to a pulsating funk background , should provide even a hardened football refusenik with 90 minutes -LRB- plus stoppage time -RRB- of entertainment .



@highlight

You do n't have to be a soccer fan to enjoy this stylish , breezy slice of 1970s sports history .