A turgid film that thinks it 's more important than it really is bringing together characters that have n't been given much in the way of individual support so far , making them feel tacked-on .
In terms of the narrative of the film -- that feels awfully paint-by-numbers .
As you might imagine , it 's the bonding between the super heroes , especially the light banter , that makes this film an upbeat and rather pleasant experience .
Although these characters are far from the heroes known through comics and cartoons , producers have understood that sometimes less is better . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ben Affleck must definitely be the worst Batman in history . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The performances are lacking . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The villain is meh . The plot is meh .
But they 're not enough to overcome the aforementioned Snyder-isms or the endless reminders that Earth has `` lost hope '' since the big blue schoolboy bought the farm .
It 's so middle of the road , it may as well be the James Blunt of superhero movies .
it makes for a reasonable amount of fun in its own right ... enough to put a gentle smile on your face and look towards future movies with a little more hope .
It 's the end of the world , and we sure do know it , but in this umpteenth version of the apocalypse , I am dying from ennui .
It 's an experience ... the point of all of this is to see your heroes together . In the end , Justice League was a very good time for me , though it was n't perfect .
Steppenwolf is not the most exciting villian . He 's a very cookie cutter comic book villian .
Zack Snyder finally hits rock bottom with this absolutely interminable trainwreck of a blockbuster ...
`` Justice League '' is a mutant .
... now it 's just about how bad / not so bad the final product was . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Inside the film there are two visions that collide and rarely complement each other . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ultimately , what in theory could 've been the superhero epic to end all superhero epics ends up having all the impact of an average episode of a live-action Justice League TV show .
It 's a blast to behold .
With its screenplay by Chris Terrio and Joss Whedon , Justice League is a good balance of light and dark .
It 's just a repetitive , goofy smash-a-thon that lacks the character development that made Wonder Woman so great -LRB- also a vastly better film -RRB- .
More of the same as the DC Comics superhero empire tries matching its rival Marvel 's Avengers franchise with its own super-team . The results are loud , flashy and all too under-whelming for being oh-so familiar
It 's better than average , but ` Justice League ' is no marvel .
pretty much exactly what you would expect the follow-up to Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice -LRB- 2015 -RRB- to be , except a good half hour shorter , which is perhaps its greatest quality
Is it an improvement from Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice ? Absolutely , but the same flaws persist , including new ones . Thankfully , the Justice League themselves are a fun bunch to be around ,
Full of action and some much needed humor , `` Justice League '' is an entertaining two-hour roller coaster ride
For all the fracas , this is a curiously inert piece of action filmmaking . The dialogue borders on the cheesy with intermittent leaps headlong into the cheddar .
The gritty nature of the world of DC is worth the price of admission .
All of Snyder 's DC films - Justice League included - seem more concerned with the repercussions of actions than with the actions themselves .
Ultimately , all this makes Justice League the superhero movie some fans feel they deserve but not the one other fans needed-especially fans who prefer their tales to grow with them .
It 's an even messier saga than Dawn of Justice , with a tiresome and whiskery macguffin in which three magic boxes must be brought together for evil , then prised apart for good .
... the Justice League works in an acceptable manner as that highly anticipated reunion of the great DC heroes ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not even all of Batman 's money is able to save this disaster from collapsing . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A hasty , disjointed assemblage of two conflicting visions ; a bad movie fused to a different bad movie .
Where `` Man of Steel '' and `` BvS '' were like root canals , and `` Suicide Squad '' a brick in the face , and `` Wonder Woman '' a sweet , sweet rainbow , `` Justice League '' is merely a squandering of time and talent .
Man , oh man , does this movie look bad .
The most impressively , faultlessly mediocre and boring and pointless A-list superhero film going back through the nearly 40 years of modern superhero films .
Justice League should be seen as a step forward for the DCEU . The two hours runtime makes it flow better , and the level of entertainment is high enough as to ignore its faults . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Given the generic state of the plot and how uninteresting the characters are , Justice League was n't worth the trouble .
... this engaging-even endearing-superhero movie in its brisk two hours is faster and funnier than both Man of Steel and the would-be opera of what could be called Batman v Superman : The Dawn of Superman 's Funeral .
The characters save the film from being a complete and utter disaster , but they alone ca n't save it from being a mild disaster .
Justice League does not achieve the impact that other films of its style have reached . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
More relatable than its predecessor but no more spell-binding , Justice League races through its paces and ends : four hours of exposition and posturing stuffed in a two-hour package .
Enough of the pic works , even considering its various issues , to earn a recommendation . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Suggestive Material , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Here , battles boil down to one big punch-up : bad guy pounds good guy , good guy pounds back , and so on . Rawr .
When Justice League mocks and kids itself , and the whole genre , it 's way more effective than when it reaches for grandiosity and pathos .
Much more epic , entertaining and fun than could have been anticipated . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
D.C. Comics superhero movies have lagged far behind the success and quality of Marvel superhero movies in recent years . Now , D.C. is catching up in terms of replicating the Marvel formula with ` Wonder Woman ' and ` Justice League . '
Perhaps the new Superman is closer to what the fans wanted . But he does n't really feel like a character anymore . He , like the rest of his movie , feels like a focus group-approved concept .
The characterisation is a bit lacking in places , and the Big Bad Guy feels a tad bland , but it finally feels like the DCEU knows where it is going . Good fun .
It still achieves its two aims - improving upon Batman v Superman , and leaving viewers intrigued for future Wonder Woman , Aquaman , The Flash and Cyborg outings - but does so in a thoroughly choppy and dull fashion .
I did not have a bad time watching `` Justice League '' ... The problem is that it had the potential to be great , epic and exciting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
DC 's superhero team-up dirge Justice League shambles into unnatural half-life with a message of apocalyptic doomsaying presented now without puke filters , so that it looks like a movie my mom watches on her television with the motion-smoothing turned on .
Although it will not go unpunished for its flaws , Justice League is light years away from the disaster that were Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice and the insufferable Suicide Squad . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Most days , `` it 's not great but at least it 's coherent '' would be a backhanded compliment ; in this instance , it 's high praise .
The patchwork editing of this film matches the patchwork job Warner Bros is trying to do with the DCEU . While the result is a messy and ugly film , it successfully makes this super hero franchise finally fit right with the fans .
What counts is the injected spirit ; Dionysian . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Compared to previous works , the result is that of a correct League , without many surprises . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Although engaging in parts , Justice League is one big incoherent and loud mess that , unfortunately , has failed to utilise its undeniable superhero-star power in order to deliver an unforgettable cinematic experience that the fans have been waiting to see .
The true villain of the film is the corporate nihilism that willed Justice League into existence .
It was n't evil aliens that defeated the Justice League : it was facial hair .
Justice League is flawed ... but its flaws are outweighed by its superb direction , decent dialogue , and excellent casting , acting , score , visual effects , and editing .
They say that in life there are no second chances , but the jokes , the good chemistry of their lineup and the easter eggs manage to save Justice League . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Justice League is fun , or at least tries to be , succeeding most of the time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With ` Justice ' clocking in at just under two hours , it becomes the shortest offering ever in DC 's cinematic universe . That alone scores major points in this little corner of the planet .
You ca n't save the world alone , and saving the DCEU might be even more of a challenge .
You do n't get points for being able to spot the difference between Snyder and Whedon shots , the overwrought , deep-shadowed splash-page compositions contrasted with garishly overlit three-camera sitcom blocking .
It 's a fun-but-awkward mess of a movie that smacks of a missed opportunity .
Like everything Snyder directs , it is an ungainly looking sludgefest of gloopy CGI and dull , dirt-hued backdrops cut with neon glare .
It 's let down by almost everything -- a poorly constructed script that rarely raises a smile , direction that slows the pace to a crawl at all the wrong moments , and the worst superhero villain since the Avengers ' awful Ultron .
What unfolds is an adequate answer to Marvel 's first Avengers film .
Even with all its obvious imperfections , `` Justice League '' is kind of fun once it gets going .
When Shakespeare wrote , ` It is a tale , told by an idiot , full of sound and fury signifying nothing , ' he could have been summarizing this convergence of the DC Comic Universe .
Justice League is just ... good enough . Prepare yourself for tonal whiplash as the two directing styles battle it out .
Saved by the skin of its teeth and a few nifty edits .
Ribbing wisecracks , courtesy of co-writer Joss Whedon , jar with director Zack Snyder 's oppressive , dour approach to the source material .
For whatever reason , the creative minds at Warner Bros. and DC seem to hit a wall of kryptonite when it comes to translating their comic-book heroes to the big screen .
Beneath the synthetic sheen , bland musical cues and stock patter , there is nothing .
A significant leap for the DCEU : from downright disastrous , to merely flawed .
Justice League defaults to the problems that have plagued all the pre-Wonder Woman DCEU films , and while it offers more pleasures than its detractors would ever admit , it still qualifies as another disappointment from The House That Clark Built .
Justice League lightens up the DCEU , so at least this time , there was some fun to be had .
It 's third out of five -LRB- films -RRB- ... a bit of semi-forgettable popcorn-flick fun escapism and the promise of better things to come . You 've got a good thing going here , DC ... keep smiling - do n't blow it .
With a few exceptions thanks to The Flash and Aquaman , Justice League fails to surprise and delight - the action set pieces should be cooler and the humor funnier .
Replace your skeptical lens with 3D glasses , and cheer along with your childhood heroes ; Justice League is made for the fans , and if you 're one , you 'll have a lot of fun .
Justice League is just about the most drab and lacklustre superhero epic ever made .
What was supposed to be a superhero extravaganza from the DC universe feels instead like a sloppy remake of The Avengers .
In the end , Justice League is an enjoyable fun , if severely flawed movie that is better than the first three entries in the DCEU , but falls short of Wonder Woman 's heights .
Justice League ... -LSB- is -RSB- one of those wondrous Zack Snyder extravaganzas that fulfill the aesthetic potential of comic-book graphics and achieves essential cinema kinetics .
The cinematic equivalent of Trump and Brexit as awfulness brought upon ourselves . Incoherent and cheap-looking . There are no heroes , and everything is broken .
The good news is that Justice League is a big step up from Batman v Superman . The bad news is that it 's also a big step down from Wonder Woman .
There are interesting moments when the League becomes a unit , inspiring hope that with a sequel , the gang will find time to take on the real villain around here : the person in charge of visual continuity .
It 's not a bad movie , but it is far from super .
More mediocrity from DC factory . Gadot and Miller bright spots , otherwise CGI slog and cookie-cutter villain .
The contempt that Justice League has for its audience is open , unashamed , and matter-of-fact .
Feels very much like a movie made by committee rather than the fully realized version of a sole director . It 's fun for what it is but also forgettable .
The action is exciting at times but the outcomes are predictable . Indeed , this often has the feel of a set-up movie , one made to kick off a series .
Snyder never lets the screen get too crowded at one time , and Justice League manages a nice balance of character and action that should make fans happy .
The movie has entertaining elements and enough superhero chemistry to keep the DC wheel spinning toward the next movie .
Every one of the many , many sky-fights , mega-booms , and fantasy landscapes on display here seems to have been purchased at an FX fire sale back in the 1980s .
Gal Gadot 's Wonder Woman got the tone right last time , which suggested things were looking up . But without director Patty Jenkins around , she 's subject to the dismissive male gaze for which Hollywood 's long been criticized .
... a decided improvement over the previous two outings . But that 's not saying much .
Perhaps there was no way for Justice League to purge the mistakes of movies past without sacrificing itself in the process .
After the excellent Wonder Woman , DC plays it safe with a very familiar debut mission for their superhero tag team .
Much of Justice League feels slightly disjointed , like the film is n't in sync with all its parts . There are some endearing scenes here and there , but the overall result still leaves much to be desired .
Congratulations Ezra Miller , you almost singlehandedly saved the Justice League movie !
Now , we have a consistent tone throughout of the film , witty dialogue from the characters , a story that makes sense and every member of the Justice League has a distinguishable personality .
Formulaic , but not an artistic failure . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish
All-star superhero adventure is uneven but entertaining .
That this setup feels both rushed and tedious is a shame , because these figures have potential to be genuinely interesting .
Justice League is first class entertainment . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It is not the worst movie this year , and it does get better towards the end . But a few smiles do not make up for the fails .
There 's some welcome levity , some genuine conversation -LRB- as when Bats and Diana share a drink -RRB- , and a few moments that feel like really good comic book panels -LRB- especially mid-credits -RRB- . For some , that may be enough .
Not only does this film pull back the thick funereal drapes and let in a bit of sunshine , it even offers a couple of warming sunsets to illuminate its crusaders in the basking glow of their heroism .
Finally . A D.C. comics movie with a sense of humor . Not even Affleck 's boring Batman or Cavill 's less than super Superman are able to ruin this one .
The first three films in this series favored a gray , grimy look , in which the bright red and blue uniforms looked like they needed a wash . `` Justice League '' turns up the lights and brings back boldness and brightness .
There 's certainly more of a sense of humor this time around with these characters and , while the end result is just a notch above so-so , there at least is a ray of hope for DC moving into the future .
If you 're curious about the film but wary because of some Internet hate being spewed at it , do n't let your reservations deter you from checking it out .
` It 's better than ` Suicide Squad ! ' is not the review comic book fans crave .
Justice League thankfully leaves the punishing , exhausting darkness of Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice behind and goes for a looser , more humorous vibe .
Justice League is overstuffed and undercooked and features at least two too many new characters .
Justice League clears the spectacularly low bar set by Batman v Superman . Whether bare adequacy is a compelling reason to extend the franchise is another matter .
This efficient blockbuster dutifully serves up frenetic action-packed mayhem with a smattering of wisecracking irreverence but it feels awfully familiar and lacks the goofy fun of the recent Thor : Ragnarok .
The filmis n't perfect , and with so many details and characters-bordering on the edge of clutter-is ripe for nit-picking . But on the whole I had a good time .
Dark , brooding , forgettable mashup of DC comic book superheroes not only displays zero chemistry between any of them in this corporate shotgun wedding of prized characters , it also is just plain forgettable .
Warner Bros. 's bungling of the DC comics franchise continues to sting .
An improvement over the dour idiocy of Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice and the silliness of Suicide Squad . Incremental maybe , but still , an improvement .
It is almost shocking how bad `` Justice League '' is . When your film makes the viewer long for the coherence and scope of 2015 's ill-fated `` Fantastic Four , '' it is a sure sign something has perilously gone wrong .
It has its moments , but it comes across as an Avengers > / i > wannabe with second-rank superheroes .
For better or for worse , Justice League is the sum of all its predecessors ' parts ; as grand as Man of Steel , as murky as Batman v Superman , as messy as Suicide Squad , and as optimistic as Wonder Woman .
Not all the candy-coloured bombast in the world can disguise the fact that Ben Affleck , the bulkiest and mopiest Batman of all time , clearly does n't want to be here , triggering memories of the #SadAffleck meme . Ben , we feel your pain .
A headache . A disorientating , nonsensical , hot mess barely tethered together by the digital blurs of DC Comics ' heroes . These heroes appear to need saving from themselves .
The nicest thing to say about Justice League is that it wo n't give you a migraine .
Unfortunately , the universe might not be extended enough to avoid it .
Weary , joyless and stammering , Affleck 's Batman acts more like a corporate recruiter than a caped crusader in this dull , CGI affair .
... the film is a leaden , lugubrious mess that has a few engaging moments and performances that are often overwhelmed by noisy setpieces , a screenplay that only flirts with coherence ...
It 's a dismal set of circumstances , and there 's plenty of director Zack Snyder 's trademark moroseness and brooding . But there 's lightness , too .
A pointless flail of expensive -LRB- yet , somehow , cheap-looking -RRB- CGI that no amount of tacked-on quips , or even Gadot 's luminescent star power , can rescue .
Justice League is not the finest film in the DC Extended Universe - that honour is likely going to belong to Wonder Woman for a while yet - but it 's much more in line with an actual movie than the first three outings .
Justice League is one of those superhero films that you ca n't help but cheer on . Those smiles and laughs by these heroes , as it turns out , are as contagious as their frowns .
There are plenty of things to like , and about an equal number to dislike . But ultimately , its good things bumped up against the bad enough to leave me with hope and excitement for what 's to come .
Justice League is a sloppy team-up film that does n't even take time to properly introduce pivotal members of its titular team , but when you 're playing a dangerous -LRB- also ill-advised -RRB- game of catch up , these are the risks .
To its detriment , Justice League constantly invites comparisons to the Marvel Cinematic Universe . If Snyder 's latest inspires any passion , it will be among the tiresome , inevitable squabbling between DC vs. Marvel fanboys .
Justice League is n't funny , because it still believes it has something important to show us . It does n't .
a weak , wonky mess with laugh out loud lines
Even the strength of Superman could n't turn this ship all the way around .
A C-grade B-movie wherein all involved fully satisfy their contractual obligations .
Everyone involved in making `` Justice League , '' and everyone who will eventually see it , deserved something better than this .
When Justice League is good , it is fun and flashy and slick ; when it is bad , it is maddeningly so because there are no excuses for its flaws .
The only person who truly understands the right way to play a comic book hero is Gadot .
Justice League is fixing a lot . The fixes , though , do n't make for a story that stands on its own merits .
Just do one thing well , instead of trying to do six things adequately .
Justice League is discordant and incomprehensible at best .
In its final form , the new DC adventure reflects its challenging production , but it does come closer than some of predecessors to giving its iconic stable of characters justice .
Tell me . Do you want to see the Justice League assemble and kick some major a ** ? You will .
We 've seen bad DC movies and bad Marvel movies . But Justice League is something new : It 's a bad DC movie and a bad Marvel movie at the same time .
Justice League is a crowd-pleaser only if you 're part of a comics-obsessed crowd .
Justice League begins and ends badly not only because of a loose script , very loose , but because the team is headed by a filmmaker of proven mediocrity : Zack Snyder -LRB- 300 , Sucker Punch , Batman vs. Superman -RRB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While the film is wildly uneven , it 's entertainment value ca n't be ignored , featuring some very cool moments for the fanboys to enjoy .
The notion of Superman as a guiding ideal haunts these films ... It 's a vision -LSB- the filmmakers -RSB- recognize Superman is supposed to embody , but seem incapable of ... actually realizing .
Incoherent , lacking charisma ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Justice League ' is super-charged fun !
... Zack Snyder 's film fulfills the task of entertaining an audience , but falls short of the high expectations demanded by a film where Batman , Wonder Woman , Superman , Flash and Aquaman are the protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is a clumsy steamer trunk of continuing story lines and returning stars .
`` Justice League '' is pure formula . And without a sense of doom and danger , there 's nothing but beefcake and banter .
... `` superficially attractive but utterly redundant '' is a pretty good description of the entire film .
It is n't nearly as much fun as The Avengers was , but it 's not a total loss either , the way Batman vs. Superman was .
At least when the heroes do get down to the business of battering bad guys , these shortcomings can be parked . The dust-up in Metropolis between the League and one familiar super-powered adversary is a doozy .
This is an ODTAA -LRB- one damn thing after another -RRB- movie if ever there was one , and whether that 's enough for you is a question only you can answer .
Jason Momoa as Aquaman and Ezra Miller as Flash are bright spots in this fractured coming together of DC 's heavy hitters , but the film takes so many happy pills it almost overdoses on them . Sometimes shadows need to fall to show us what to be scared of .
From the corporate logo depicting the iconic superheroes to the supervillain 's flying robot army to the post-credits sequence , Justice League takes its lead from The Avengers , and the comparison does not flatter the current film .
The erratic and fatigue-inducing `` Justice League '' will leave moviegoers wondering where to assign the blame - and where to find the exits .
As if watching listless characters exchange infantile monologues is n't bad enough , the `` villain of the week '' is a complete bore .
As with the lamentable Suicide Squad , Justice League opts for action over substance , forgoing any depth and dropping in only token attempts at humour . It 's essentially one long third act , which is as deafening as it is dull .
A film in which solid storytelling is neglected in favor of grandiose but ultimately empty special effects .
If Batman v. Superman was the DC Comics film equivalent of dread and darkness , then Justice League is a look into the light , and it 's all the better for its story of hope .
While Justice League endeavors to save the world -- and plant the seeds to do so again -- this is the sort of film , given DC 's track record , that should celebrate small victories where it can find them .
All that said , Justice League still stands well enough on its own . It wobbles only because it 's a movie -- a franchise -- at a crossroads .
Proving Wonder Woman was n't just a happy fluke , Justice League boom tubes onto the playing field to finally challenge Marvel Studios ' comic book movie dominance .
They finally got Superman right ! It took two previous movies , but they got Superman right , and I 'm so happy .
... imperfect but another clear step towards the DC Universe taking its rightful place as Marvel 's equal .
Gone is the semi-pornographic depiction of muscles and male angst , and also missing is the grey-on-grey colour scheme .
As formation movies go , this was hugely enjoyable and the ten-year-old me left the cinema looking forward to the next JL escapade .
DCEU is floundering . It needs to find a bold new direction if it ever hopes to flap its wings , let alone compete with Marvel .
It falls to Henry Cavill and Amy Adams to bring some semblance of humanity to the unlovely material . But it 's not enough to save us from the balderdash .
For all the money poured into Justice League , the effects have a slapdash , unfinished quality . Perhaps the talented FX people were too busy working on Thor .
After the undeniable failure of last year 's `` Batman v Superman , '' the question was whether a good movie could be built upon the foundation of a bad one ? And after seeing `` Justice League , '' the answer is that it is possible only to make a better one .
A depressing reminder that Wonder Woman was an anomaly , not the new normal . Busy and boring and oppressively computer generated , Justice League screams we 're back to business as usual .
Justice League successfully ushers in a new era for DC Films and delivers lots of superhero fun - at the expense of a richer and more layered movie .
`` Justice League '' is a one-step-forwards-two-steps-back affair
Mediocrity , thy name is Justice League .
With scenes careening into each other oblivious of momentum , tone or plot structure , it feels like a Frankenstein of a film .
while it offers little new story-wise ... and suffers from the same , sludgy CGI battles that marred the end of `` Wonder Woman , '' it 's better than the film it picks up from and two of its three new characters are a lot of fun .
If you ca n't do anything right , move so quickly that no one has time to notice .
Justice League has just enough good to combat the bad , ultimately squeaking by on the promise that the next time will be even better .
An empty mess , trying to please everyone ; we suspect it will satisfy very few .
I went into Justice League with high hopes but low expectations . It exceeded the expectations , but did n't rise to the level of the hopes .
`` Justice League '' has its moments -LRB- when asked what his superpower is , Batman replies , `` I 'm rich . '' -RRB- but bottom line ? It 's no Thor .
A movie that sets up a bunch of other movies and ticks all its boxes with brightly colour-coded markers but takes no risks and delivers no thrills .
It 's a sad day when superheroes fail to show you why they are so super .
It never does more than fulfill its minimum obligations .
Fittingly for a film that follows directly on from Batman Vs Superman , it 's an ugly mess .
Justice League is fun , but in some ways a sadly missed opportunity .
Even though its main villain is terrible , the heroes are well delineated and the pace keeps the movie entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Justice League has jokes ; that does n't mean it 's funny .
The filmmaking is just slipshod , with action sequences that swing in and out of coherence and dialogue scenes framed for maximum awkwardness .
Miller 's weird , antiheroic Flash is one of the most refreshing breezes to blow through Justice League , making three years seem a long time to wait for the character 's 2020 stand-alone film .
What happens with the Justice League is perhaps a symptom of muscle fatigue , creativity and ideas . The plot is simple and the fights , simple . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Years from now - or maybe even as you read this - filmmakers are going to use the DC Comics Extended Universe as a prime example of how not to build a movie franchise .
Works best when it 's just letting this surrogate family bond over their mutual guilt and fears .
A film that feels so contrived , vying desperately to inject a sense of effervescence , and yet feels so forced and tedious when doing so .
If Justice League had come out in the late '90s , we 'd still be hailing it as one of the best superhero films ever made .
The next time these characters band together , perhaps they will do so with stronger backgrounds , a real sense of purpose , and a story that 's more than a cobbled-together mess .
The film is marginally better than last year 's sour and dispiriting Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice , but that 's like saying that dental surgery is preferable to passing a kidney stone .
The gang is all here as DC Comics finally brings together its brooding bigwigs for a lugubrious , deafening and occasionally -LRB- but only occasionally -RRB- enjoyable team-up .
A mixture of darkness and light with a certain sputter-y fizz that never quite builds into a full steam .
When the film 's tone slides so firmly back into the murk , it 's hard not to see DC 's notion of heroism as borderline nihilistic .
There 's no getting round the fact that DC ca n't seem to get it together when it comes to expanding its iconic roster of superheroes into a coherent cinematic universe .
It 's always engaging , and whatever inconsistencies it has - and it has many - they 're all connected through fine character work and a meaningful , unifying theme .
Look , at this point you know what you 're getting . It 's a DC movie ; it 's loud and frenetic when it does n't need to be , overstuffed with peripheral characters who do n't matter and action sequences that barely register .
Justice League is no magic carpet ride , no matter how hard it strives for multi-superhero awesomeness .
But most of all , the fun came from the fact that these superheroes actually enjoyed working together and truly wanted to save the world .
Guys . THEY PUT AQUAMAN IN JEANS .
A colossal , garish shambles that offers minor relief by being a smidgen less painful than Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice .
At least at two hours -- brief by modern superhero standards -- Justice League does n't overstay its welcome . But like most all-star games , it 's better as fantasy than it is reality . Level your expectations to the league minimum .
The good news is Justice League is not as terrible as you feared . The bad news is it 's still a bloated , disjointed affair that makes little sense and a hash of one of the coolest superheroes .
... Justice League is enjoyable , smart and interesting , with touches of humour , an almost overwhelmingly high-calibre cast , and plenty going on .
The `` new and improved '' model looks claustrophobically like an over-priced TV pilot , and not in a good way . Say what you want about the tenets of brooding , art-school-fascist superhero worship , but at least it 's an ethos .
The result is a horror show . A Frankenstein 's monster of input and influence that knows not what to do , where to go or how to be .
`` The stench of your fear is making my soldiers hungry ! '' Steppenwolf warns at one point , and we have to wonder : Are they trying to provide us all with wisecracks ?
Batman and Wonder Woman are the de facto leaders of the team but what Justice League does really well is give moviegoers a chance to get to know the new characters .
The core team is good , with Affleck , Momoa and the newcomer Fisher putting in solid efforts . But ... Gadot 's portrayal of Wonder Woman -- robust , athletic and kind-hearted -- saves the day and makes Justice League a team worth following .
Watching Warner Bros. pump out superhero flick after superhero flick over the past four years has felt a little like watching your favorite Olympic figure skater with plenty of star potential flub one triple axel after another .
For people who value these characters as symbols of truth , justice and the American way , Justice League never really feels like the start of something truly heroic .
People of Earth ! Rejoice ! The Justice League is here to save the day . Listen . Do you hear that ? It 's the sound of one hand clapping .
The Justice League is not without fault , but the good outweighs the bad by a mile . The characters form a solid foundation for future greatness .
Overall Justice League is a fun action ride that gives us great introductions to new heroes and solid chemistry within the team .
Justice League is a thoroughly enjoyable unification of superheroes that moves at a thrilling pace .
The DC machine has finally manufactured a product that actually tastes pretty good , even if still feels like a copy overall .
There 's a sense of laying the groundwork , with new characters to be introduced , new attitudes to establish , and a new team to bring to life . On those three counts , the film gets the job done .
This must go down as the single stupidest , big-budget superhero motion picture ever unleashed upon an unsuspecting public by a major Hollywood studio .
-LSB- Justice League -RSB- occasionally finds its footing but often stumbles just at the moment it should soar .
With the stakes as low as this , it should come as no surprise that Justice League stays locked in a groove that neither overwhelms nor underwhelms .
It 's a putting-the-band-together origins movie , executed with great fun and energy .
Justice League does n't break the formula , but it has the cast , spectacle , and characters to be elevated abiding by it .
A deflated Batman may have looked intriguing on the page . But on screen , he comes across as sleepy . Quick . To the Bat Cave . Fire up the Espresso machine , Alfred !
Another misshapen , boring franchise flick that may struggle to satisfy the studio , the filmmaker -LRB- s -RRB- , and-most importantly-the audience
Justice League adds wit , invention , color and warmth as it goes along , a strategy befitting a story about characters -LRB- and a world -RRB- waking up from emotional sleep and learning to take risks and care again .
After the success of her own vehicle earlier this year , Gal Gadot 's Wonder Woman is now reduced to rolling her eyes indulgently at jostling male colleagues .
Justice League feels like a pilot episode -- it 's half-formed , overstuffed , and narratively a chore -- but at least its gotten all those annoying introductions out of the way . And it only took five movies to get there .
But the banter has a droopy , depressed air , as if the actors know they 're coming from behind .
Justice League thinks of itself as a massive event , a culture-rocking fusion of star-power and intellectual property . Instead , it 's another bloated blockbuster with generic effects , stock action scenes and strained dialogue .
Now it 's time for another dour Zack Snyder DC Universe movie , so bring your long face .
Well they did it , folks . DC made two movies in a row that do n't suck . So ... good for them . Well done .
... a cacophonous mess from start to finish .
Watching Justice League feels like looking at a photo in a wet magazine .
As grey and grim as its critically maligned predecessor Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice .
The standout is Momoa as Aquaman . Now THAT is a character I want to see more of , which is ironic since he has been the butt of media jokes for years .
Any superhero movie worth its salt has to give us something to root against . A computer-generated bad guy stomping around looking for boxes does n't cut it , even if he is voiced by the great Ciaran Hinds .
The biggest sin a movie like this can commit is being boring . And bottom line : Justice League is seriously ho-hum , offering negligible thrills and some screamingly ridiculous plot twists .
The story is a confusion of noise , visual clutter and murderous digital gnats , but every so often a glimmer of life flickers through .
Justice League is just fine . But considering that the would-be blockbuster features a collection of A-list superheroes , the word `` fine '' is like kryptonite .
As it is , it just feels like somebody haphazardly threw several ingredients into a pot and prayed that it would work . Unfortunately it does not , merely leaving behind arguably the biggest stain on the DCEU yet .
`` Justice League '' is arguably Snyder 's most infuriating work yet .
This team effort feels less joyous , more uninspired .
Seeing these childhood heroes together on the big screen is an unforgettable experience . Flawed , yet highly enjoyable DCEU entry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Justice League is by no means a classic movie , but it does enough to point towards a brighter future for the DCEU .
The 2-hour runtime mandated by Warner Bros makes the setup feel rushed , but the chemistry of the game cast , the heroic tone , and the exciting action keep Justice League afloat .
Surprisingly enjoyable ... visually too dark , and it 's hobbled by a villain who 's a crashing bore , but it adds a welcome dose of humor to what had been pervasive grimness , and some promising new characters as well .
Justice League delivers on its action , special effects , performance , and story . It 's a pleasant surprise to see a film with both Batman and Superman that is n't abominable , horrendous and dreadful .
Justice League winds up feeling so much like a straw poll for viewers , with a mishmash of everything they might want , all run together .
DC fans might not like hearing this , but Justice League works most effectively when it feels most like Whedon 's The Avengers .
Facetious , tongue-in-cheek humour does n't help .
Gadot , Momoa and Miller give this one rough parity with `` The Avengers '' movies .
I am legitimately bummed out about how much I disliked Justice League .
Fast paced & with its eye always on moving the story forward , Justice League balances frequent humor with equally frequent character exchanges & development ... -LSB- A -RSB- two-hour live-action superhero cartoon made for kids as well as adults .
Justice League , overall , leaves the impression that we can finally rest easy that future DCEU movies will at least be OK .
It 's teamwork that saves the day , with DC 's trademark darkness giving way to a brand of sentimental uplift that Snyder , Whedon and company apparently see as necessary in our own dark times .
This time , universe keeper Zack Snyder nearly gets it right .
It 's the kind of movie you do n't necessarily flip past when it shows up on HBO , but that does n't mean it 's good .
A lumbering blockbuster that dilutes what 's so stirring about these fabled fictional champions .
This is n't the worst movie you 'll see this year , but it 's by far the most worked over , which makes Justice League belong in an undistinguished category all its own .
-LSB- Justice League is -RSB- an insanely fun time as it absolutely nails these DC heroes , offers up some phenomenal fan service , and promises a ton of hope for the future of the DCEU .
It may be slightly better than ` Batman v Superman ' , but that 's a low bar .
It 's up to Wonder Woman again to save the day . And Gadot 's Amazon warrior does just that in every scene she steals as the conscience and muscle of the group .
Justice League is a collection of missed opportunities and flubbed ideas .
Do n't rule out the possibility that a movie dedicated to Aquaman -LRB- on the schedule for 2018 -RRB- or the Flash might be fun , but the Justice League itself needs to disband .
Wonder Woman whips the boys into heroes in this epic and action packed comic book spectacular .
Justice League is as solid an outing as any superhero fan could hope , with a clear family vibe : Wonder Woman and Batman prove to be a dynamic mom-and-dad duo while the fastest kid around steals the show .
It dives headlong into a scrappy , Swiss-cheese plot which , while true to DC Comics ' mix-and-match mythology , clumsily slaps together its disparate elements .
While disjointed and more than a little incoherent , gosh darn it all if Justice League does n't end up proving to be a heck of a lot more fun than it has any right to be .
Justice League 's most significant shortcoming is how forgettable it all is . There 's barely a moment that sticks , not a single sequence to rival the standout superhero set-pieces of recent years .
Finally , DC 's superheroes are assembled on screen at last . It 's just a shame that the resulting film is a chaotic , baffling mess .
Although marginally better than Batman v Superman and Suicide Squad , director Zack Snyder 's latest is still a profound mess of maudlin muscles , incoherent action and jaw-droppingly awful CGI . It is big , loud , awful to look at and oh-so-dumb .
It 's messy and flawed but it still offers enough entertainment value -LRB- mostly thanks to its likable characters -RRB- to make it worthwhile .
After a decade of Marvel dunking on them , DC has given fans a brilliant Wonder Woman movie and a perfectly fine Justice League movie in one year , and that 's the first step to a braver and bolder cinematic future .
The whole world loves these characters , and so much time , effort and money has been hurled at this property . But the story in Justice League is practically non-existent -- and , even more insulting , the big Hollywood special effects look like garbage .
These off-kilter rhythms actually lend the film a pleasant unpredictability . As does the humor , which often sits uneasily next to the moodiness , but is somehow fast and witty enough to work .
These comic-book cinematic universes ... train audiences to see the forest for the trees ... Enjoy the trees . For the forest is a tad gnarly .
There 's a lot of loud action . There are a lot of flashy visuals . Everything goes by quickly . It 's just that , like Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice , it 's not a hell of a lot of fun .
Whedon 's Avengers was an endearing accumulation of characters whose stories assembled over the course of 10 years and several movies ; Justice League attempts to speed the process and blurs its appeal .
This hodgepodge throws a bunch of superheroes into a mix that neither congeals nor particularly makes you want to see more of them in future . Plainly put , it 's simply not fun .
The film is , plainly stated , terrible , and I 'm sorry that everyone wasted their time and money making it-and that people are being asked to waste their time and money seeing it .
It is the key reason Justice League is a seriously satisfying superhero movie , one that , rife with lines like `` the stench of your fear is making my soldiers hungry , '' actually feels like the earnest comic books of our squandered youth .
Some day , hopefully soon , DC will get the recipe right again and duplicate Wonder Woman 's storytelling magic . But today is n't that day , and Justice League unfortunately is n't that film .
There are good , cute and funny moments that the editing team should be applauded for , but there are n't enough to distract from the beautiful , chaotic mess that Justice League ends up being .
There 's a little more levity , and a touch more interest in character , but much too much of this team-up adventure is given over to ridiculous posing and posturing as our heroes battle a not-very-interesting villain .
Ben Affleck is unrelaxed and ill-at-ease in the role of Batman/Bruce , unconvincing in both the bat armour and the three-piece suit of the wealthy plutocrat .
Justice League is the most fun that I had at the movies all year .
It 's a tasty franchise delivery system that kicks a certain series back into gear .
It 's consistently embarrassing to watch , and features plot holes so yawningly vast they have a kind of Grand Canyon-like splendour : part of you wants to hang around to see what they look like at sunset .
Justice League , for all its flaws , is a vast improvement on the lumbering Batman v Superman .
Justice League is in such a rush to prove itself , it trips over its own feet ... but keeps getting back up and continuing the race .
Even Justice League 's jaunty , cavorting orchestral score , supplied by Tim Burton 's old foil Danny Elfman , harks back to a better time , when `` Why so serious ? '' was n't the rule . The pendulum swings .

@highlight

Justice League leaps over a number of DC movies , but its single bound is n't enough to shed the murky aesthetic , thin characters , and chaotic action that continue to dog the franchise .