The in-your-face documentary recalls the sensational tabloid story from the 1950s .
Crazy Love ... sidles up to us , thrills and surprises us , seduces us with the pop flavor of its mid-century paperback aesthetic and its titillating tabloid tale . Crazy Love is chummy .
Apresenta , mesmo que de forma convencional , uma história de amor fascinante em suas insanas reviravoltas .
Stranger than fiction : This decades-long amour fou is so astonishing in its twists and turns that it 's hard to believe it 's factual . While contextualizing the tale in the pre-feminist era , Klores leaves some mysteries open , thus allowing for speculation
As with all banner-head stories , there comes a point when you tire of being screamed at .
Far too readily tends to play this pathetic story for laughs .
Quite brilliant .
Directors Dan Klores and Fisher Stevens treat this as a straight-up documentary and it is fascinating in a terribly sad sort of way . But it 's difficult not to wonder why we need to hear this story .
There has n't been a documentary this sick since Kirby Dick 's `` Sick '' !
A Bronx tale full of jaw-dropping behavior and jaw-dropping hairdos .
It 's too easy to feel superior to these two people and their marriage in hell for the sake of some easy -LRB- or even uneasy -RRB- laughter .
The film lassoes you in with `` ya got ta hear this '' prurience .
Offers little save morbid titillation .
Crazy Love is tabloid journalism at its most base and vulgar , with the same moral bankruptcy as the media outlets that turned this tragedy into grotesque copy in the first place .
You say ` psychotic codependency ' like it 's a bad thing .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Klore 's grasp of his characters give this movie depth .
Equal parts heartwarming and repulsive , the compulsively watchable film is certainly 90 of the fastest , weirdest minutes I 've spent in a theater in a long time .
... an unsettling documentary about the pathological `` love '' of one damaged human for another
Particularly because many viewers have already seen the TV-news version , almost any other genre would have been even more compelling -- a fictionalized drama , perhaps , or Truman Capote-style narrative non-fiction .
Despite knowing some of the story 's more jaw-dropping developments beforehand , I was still riveted and surprised by the movie .
An irresistible comic shocker , with more satisfying surprise twists to its narrative than one finds in a novel by Patricia Highsmith .
At the same time , it makes Linda , possibly , a deeply disquieting wife for Burt -- at least as imagined from outside the marriage . As a friend of Linda 's puts it , `` He sees what he did to her every single day . I do n't know if it 's a joy or a punishment . ''
-LSB- Director -RSB- Klores and Stevens do a pretty good job filling in the gap using standard documentary techniques .
It 's hilarious , more than a little sad , and totally captivating ... it 's like really juicy gossip at the water cooler , only the people are telling the dirty secrets about themselves .
You ca n't make this stuff up .
It 's an amazing story .
... the equivalent of a gripping page turner .
... though Crazy Love remains a far cry from heartening , it is more amusing than disturbing , especially given the cranky yet symbiotic couple of today .
Crazy is the word for it , and if writer-director Dan Klores seems a bit too sympathetic at times , he still lays out a twisted story of obsession that ends in well-maintained mutual madness .
... Crazy Love is something less than artful , while being completely compelling in its attempt to comprehend the incomprehensible .
The story behind Crazy Love is pretty fascinating . But the storytelling in this documentary is n't always so fascinating .
Dan Klores ' crazy relationship doc Crazy Love takes a tale tailor-made for sensationalist treatment and sculpts it into a riveting three-act drama .
The movie 's quirk is n't forced ; it sincerely ponders the nature of love and of human need .
Klores tells this story as well as its ever likely to be told ... -LSB- and -RSB- as stories go , this one 's a doozy .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Klores coyly omits key information only to wallop us with it later for a gleeful surprise .
Dan Klores 's astonishing film is about a subject so bizarre it could only work as a documentary -- as a drama , it would be dismissed as being too far-fetched .
Captures the sheer weirdness of the tale without turning it into sleazy sensationalism ... turning what 's really a sordid story into a perversely fascinating romance .
Simultaneously disturbing and luridly entertaining .
Among the weirdest explorations of connubial relationships since Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? And like Edward Albee 's 1962 play , it leaves one feeling queasy about human nature .
You could not make this stuff up .
Thanks to Dan Klores and Fisher Stevens ' immersive documentary Crazy Love , we can all share the ca n't - believe-this , judgmental thrill of following the tormented passion of ambulance-chasing attorney Burt Pugach and lovely Linda Riss .
I could tell you all the surprises that make the loopy documentary Crazy Love such an odd treat , but then I 'd be undermining the whole point of telling you to go .
Crazy Love seems to promise a demented , true-life film noir love story and winds up delivering an above-average A&E documentary .
Crazy Love scrapes away the cartoon exterior around this story and peers into the unknowable murk of the human heart .
Dan Klores ' documentary proves that truth really is stranger than fiction as it spins the tale of an infamous crime of passion -- and its unbelievable result .
... like the Scott and Laci Peterson saga set to conga music .
There 's plenty of black comedy in their twisted affair , but a more substantial documentary would n't leave you smiling .
I do n't know if Crazy Love is a love story or a hate story , but I do know it 's unlikely there will be two more fascinating , confounding people at the movies this year than Burt and Linda Pugach .
Interviews with Burt and Linda Pugach , the New York couple whose tabloid lives are chronicled in Dan Klores ' docu-curio Crazy Love , have been politely nonjudgmental . After seeing the movie , I 'd like to say I hate one and pity the other .
Some stories are so weird they could only be true .
Jaw-dropping true crime , this video documentary by Dan Klores and Fisher Stevens balances neatly between tabloid headlines and unfathomable intimacy .
A documentary about a mad love affair , a movie that 's about as compulsively watchable as a great tabloid headline story is compulsively readable -- and also a lot more rewarding .
In the sense that everyone is interesting once their lives are sufficiently unpacked , Burt and Linda 's story is not boring -- but beyond its tabloid sensationalism , it 's not especially significant either .
You can make of it what you want . -LSB- Director -RSB- Klores offers no cheap psycho-babble .
If you do n't know the tale of Burt and Linda Pugach , then you 're out of the loop on one of the biggest running tabloid stories in New York history .
The fascinating documentary Crazy Love is a real-world story in which possessiveness , stupidity , loyalty , and need are joined together in bewildering combinations .
When the tabloids reported that a woman married the man who blinded her , disbelief : this vivid documentary helps one understand -- a little .
Like far too many documentaries today , this formulaic kitsch-fest rests on the strengths of its subject matter to avoid having to present artful or deep filmmaking .
Driven by interviews with the couple and their friends , it 's unavoidably a talking-heads film , but home movies help to fill out their story , and so do their appearances on several famous talk shows .
This astounding saga , which is told strictly in chronological order with lots of well-chosen film clips and photographs , is recounted mostly by the now elderly Pugach and Riss themselves .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Klores ' pacing and his heart-stopping editing that give the film its punch , and his amazing and well-selected soundtrack puts an ironic polish on a love story that 's far too strange to be fiction .
When your subjects are raconteurs on the level of Burt and Linda Pugach , you could train a Fisher-Price toy camera on them and let the movie make itself .
Crazy Love uses archival footage and fresh interviews to get at the dark heart of a passion that spanned half a century . How ? Damned if I know . But I could n't stop watching .
Klores makes vivid use of a wide variety of snapshots , headlines , TV news coverage , and some decent re-enactment footage .
What 's missing from this unusual love story is love .
But so what ? This is one of the most entertaining films I 've seen all year , Burt and Linda 's story so shocking and unconventional I could n't believe my eyes .
some quite serious questions are actually dealt with in admirable fashion
Klores never succeeds in making these outrageous turns of events all that surprising and Crazy Love feels like obsession that 's been warmed over once too often .
Formally , -LSB- director Klores ' -RSB- film is a standard-issue documentary , combining period footage with talking-head interviews . But his talking heads are a hoot and their story is a Gothic yarn of obsession , crime and forgiveness .
Like any good documentarian -LRB- and unlike most publicists -RRB- , Klores lets us draw our own conclusions . With a tone free of outrage or judgment , he tells the story of Pugach , a successful young lawyer , and Riss , a hottie with a taste for the good life .
It 's a populist soap opera abounding in nostalgic evocations of decades past and compressed into 90 minutes of lurid narrative .
It 's a freak show of a fairy tale , rendered by a filmmaker who knows how to pierce tabloid reality right in its anguished , bloody heart .
That there 's enough ` plot ' in this bona fide melodrama to fill a dozen docs is conducive to the movie 's near-total evasion of outside perspective .
The movie distills every functionally dysfunctional relationship you 've ever had into one horrific case study .
Might be the greatest date movie ever made but not necessarily the best movie to see on a first or second date .
A fascinating flick for anyone looking for a new reason to hate lawyers .
Crazy Love has a tabloid story to kill for , and a basic nonfiction form to snooze over .
Crazy Love is proof that miracles do , indeed , still happen-in this case , that these charismatic characters ' emotional honesty with not only each other , but also the filmmakers , almost makes sense of their marriage .
Way before the recently reunited womanizer pubophile Joey Buttafuoco and teen spouse-shooter Amy Fisher , both of whom walked out on their marriages to get it on all over again , there was Burton Pugach and Linda Riss . Do n't ask .
Anyone with a weakness for larger-than-life snapshots of dementia and the exceptional stupidity of humanity will have a field day soaking up every last frame of this terrific documentary .
Crazy Love is a rarity in documentaries ; it 's fun .
Narrowly focused , poorly paced documentary lacks a narrative thrust that could have made for a more compelling film .
The sheer fascinating strangeness of the people documented could earn the pic a minor cult following .





@highlight

Crazy Love 's subjects and story are so compelling that they overcome the doc 's dry , talking heads format .