School for Scoundrels has some solid opportunities for real dark comedy , but blows most of them for maudlin romantic-comedy tripe , and the ones it does go for it never takes far enough .
Dismal comedy about nerds trying to be cool .
School for Losers would have made a lot more sense .
... the film remains consistently watchable thanks to Todd Phillips and Scot Armstrong 's surprisingly clever screenplay and the uniformly effective performances .
You might want to sign up for study hall instead .
The only link to the original books is the name Dr P given to the foulmouthed teacher of a New York class offering assertiveness training to pathetic nerds . He 's played by Billy Bob Thornton , which is rather like casting Burt Reynolds as Bertrand Russell .
It 's funny at first , but then loses its way so badly that it somehow winds up as a high-tech espionage thriller .
Only toward the end of the film do the hostilities reach a level of recklessness with any potential to be funny . If things had started at that pitch and been ramped up from there , Phillips might have had a movie worth making .
The comic sallies and set-pieces are very much at the wrong end of the bang-whimper spectrum .
Billy Bob phones in a below-par performance but still blows his young rival off the screen .
Unlike the original , this version is never sure whether it wants to go to the dark side or not .
Wearily spins straw out of its none-too-original premise .
Charmless , uncomprehending US remake .
A choice cast fails to turn this woeful slapstick into the scathing attack on weak minds the film half promises .
Crass , obvious and largely unfunny - in fact just about everything the original film is n't .
The characters are one-dimensional , the plot makeshift , and the jokes unrelentingly cruel .
As a comedy it can never sustain itself , and while there are moments to enjoy , it is all pretty forgettable , which is a shame because the concept remains an amusing one .
The performances ensure that this is never less than watchable but it 's not as clever or as funny as it should have been .
Ben Stiller cameo apart , something 's wrong when a proven comedic property and two well-matched stars can scarcely raise a titter .
It 's the stuff of simple comedy , but as frat-flicks go it 's a return to form for director Todd Phillips .
A script that suffers the same problem as its characters - lack of confidence - is in dire need of a fire being lit under its arse . All involved could do with learning a thing or two from some scoundrels of the ` dirty , rotten ' school .
The film that Anger Management % u2013 starring Jack Nicholson and Adam Sandler % u2013 should 've been . Admittedly one ` School ' you definitely want to enrol in .
Never quite finds the confidence it needs to transform from zero to hero .
None of the actors can save this weak script nor survive the tepid direction .
Enough entertaining dialog and performances to keep us chuckling , even though it 's not particularly clever .
School for Scoundrels is Fight Club for people afraid of Fight Club .
School for Scoundrels has some good ideas and funny moments , but it loses steam as it goes on , which you really feel when it resorts to yuks involving defibrillator paddles accidentally applied to a character 's genitals .
Come on , cut it some slack -- this is a funny movie .
School For Scoundrels is a fitting entry into the loser-makes-good genre in the tradition of The Lonely Guy and The 40-Year-Old-Virgin ...
-LSB- D -RSB- irector Todd Phillips sets up a passable premise but never even gets to first base ; they 're too busy hammering us with oafish , bird-brained comic set-pieces to bother with making sense or following through on anything .
School for Scoundrels is to the art of film what processed cheese food is to fine dining .
Unfunny , unkind , and completely unnecessary , `` School for Scoundrels '' does n't pass as a comedy .
Unfortunately for the toothless rabble-rousing School for Scoundrels this disposable and dimwitted farce deserves its smirking class to be dismissed .
Things get increasingly dopey in the final act , leading to an incredibly stupid ending , but I have to admit I laughed just enough to recommend School for Scoundrels .
A little too long , but good enough , especially when it 's compared with most of the other stuff that 's foisted on the audience these days .
The only grade this school deserves is an F .
A for laughs and genuine comic smarts .
`` Did he rape you ? '' This question serves as a running gag throughout School for Scoundrels , a decidedly unfunny comedy about a wimp who becomes not a wimp .
A clashing combination of mismatched , recycled ideas , and wasted opportunities .
light fare at its lightest , a truly average movie .
The loopy energy dissipates , and the script scuttles around , randomly tossing ideas around as though it had been edited with dull pinking shears , and generally killing time until the denouement
Perfectly cast , but too mean spirited for me .
Do n't expect a sparkling laugh fest but -LSB- those -RSB- attracted to it will have some mild fun .
You want it to be over long before the needless epilogue that fills you in on how all these freaks turned out .
Jon Heder needs to either totally break away from his Napoleon Dynamite character or completely submit to it .
Filled with lame schoolboy yuks .
School for Scoundrels has all the raw elements needed to be a classic comedy , but it never finds the right rhythm . The movie is ostensibly about cruelty and calculation , yet its tone is too nice .
The result is n't merely ickier -LSB- than the 1960 British version -RSB- ; it 's also not as funny .
It feels as if director Phillips was scrounging desperately for morsels with comic potential and came up empty-handed .
For all its crudeness , Phillips ' tale of men behaving badly is remarkably toothless .
School for Scoundrels is an exercise in advanced comedic embalming .
While the film is demeaned by sight gags aimed at teenage boys , it has a smart center and delightful performances from Heder and Thornton .
It would require a near-lethal injection of nitrous oxide to induce laughter .
To call it slight is to slight the word ` slight . ' Even to call it a movie is to place ` movie ' in the order of entertainment somewhere near paint scraping .
It 's funny . It 's hip . And it 's the only new movie in wide release that does n't star Ashton Kutcher .
Sweet when it should be tart , depressing when it should be devilish and flat when it should be funny .
We 've seen both lead actors play these roles before , and the laughs here are only intermittent , at best .
As long as the movie stays focused on the competition between Roger and Dr. P , it is hilarious .
Despite the appeal of cobra-eyed Thornton and bunny-nosed Heder , Scoundrels trips early , and often .
Everybody looks glum , and that 's just how we feel .
School for Scoundrels is a simply written , perfectly cast , sneaky-edgy , stab-yourself-in-the-leg-with-a-pen laugh riot .
Heder 's low-key , surprising charm and Thorton 's gleeful wickedness at least glide the film in for a landing . You 'll enjoy yourself .
This time the pace is so weak that long periods go by without even the whiff of a joke .
Heder 's looks and mannerisms are so inherently geeky that the post-transformation Roger appears to be less a lion with a hearty roar than a dork with delusions of grandeur .
The screenplay , co-written by director Todd Phillips -LRB- Old School -RRB- is obvious and uninspired and prevents the comically adept Thornton from letting loose .
Phillips ' version does add one tantalizing twist as Thornton singles out his best student -LRB- Heder , of course -RRB- and takes him on mano a mano , but it seems like an awful lot of trouble to win over such an uninteresting love interest .
What 's almost refreshing about Phillips ' approach to comedy ... is that he and co-writer Scot Armstrong like the classically unfettered fun of a silly bit played to the hilt .
The writing , by Phillips and his usual collaborator , Scot Armstrong , does n't give either comic performer much that 's interesting to do .
A guy 's movie , a comic battle of dueling manhood . The surprise is that Heder , both in his comedy and his machismo , came fully loaded .
There has to be something intrinsically lovable about a hapless character to draw in an audience . That 's what Heder did as misfit-outsider Napoleon Dynamite . And it 's just not happening here .
Too bad what should have been an epic clash of comic misdeeds feels , in the end , defanged .
Nice guys and creeps make it to the finish line , though I wo n't say how they place . But I will divulge this : The movie 's a loser .
Is it a black comedy that is n't dark enough ? Or a dumb comedy that is n't stupid enough , or a gross-out comedy that is n't yucky enough ? Or is it really just a romance comedy that is n't sweet enough ?
There 's too much familiarity in School for Scoundrels for it to be break-out funny . There are chuckles , sure , but they 're chuckles you 've had before .
Todd Phillips is swiftly becoming the go-to guy for comedy that 's a lot smarter than it looks or probably needs to be .
It 's actually Thornton 's amusing performance that makes the first half of this silly film watchable . After that , Ben Stiller comes along to do a painfully unfunny supporting bit and pretty much sucks all the remaining funny out of the movie .
Cruelty , of course , can be a valid basis for comedy , and comedies also can survive a lot of mistakes . Falling flat , however , is n't one of them .
Guys are guys in Todd Phillips movies , for better or worse , but almost always for the purposes of arriving somewhere in the same ZIP code as the truth .
Heder comes from the real world . He looks like he could be bagging your groceries or getting stuck in the turnstile ahead of you at BART . He 's got an inner sincerity that ca n't be faked .
Thornton and Heder perform at about half their maximum wattage , which is n't enough to power the inert script .
It achieves something previously thought impossible : It renders Billy Bob Thornton unfunny .
There are a few amusing shticks , but School for Scoundrels fails to make the grade .
It feels like the filmmakers put Old School and Napoleon Dynamite into a cinematic blender and hit frappe in hopes of making a delicious shake . They ended up with a tasteless one .
ultimately neither fish nor fowl ... the mean-spirited moments of ` School ' are easily the movie 's most convincing , leading one to wish that Phillips had emphasized the story 's darker side .
Jon Heder may rehash Napoleon Dynamite forever but at least he 's starting to find the right vehicles for his persona . Paired with Billy Bob Thornton embracing his glorious A-hole from Bad Santa , he 's pushed to confront his limitations and expand h
Heder is quickly becoming a one-trick pony .
I do n't think that we , as a moviegoing public , fully realized that when we made `` Napoleon '' an indie blockbuster that we were also signing up for a full-fledged movie career for Heder .
The film stalls out when it should shift into high gear .
The ticklishly comic School For Scoundrels earns a good grade .
Eventually , implausible plot mechanics replace winning character comedy ...
You may have seen the trailer for this movie . Ignore it . The trailer conveys nothing of how wonderfully funny the film really is .
Heder smacks Thornton in the bullocks with a tennis ball . Heder gets shot in the groin point-blank with a paintball gun . Heck , School for Scoundrels is n't a movie ; it 's an infomercial for prosthetic testicle replacement .
School for Scoundrels feels like a wasted opportunity .
School for Scoundrels ought to be a good deal funnier than it is , which is n't to say it does n't have its moments -- it does . It 's just that the filmmakers here have chosen to lean on slapstick and stereotypes rather than the wry British wit .
Instead of making films about dopes taking remedial classes in self-actualization , Todd Phillips could spend his time instead taking remedial classes on how to make a competent film comedy .
Heder 's sly bravado meshes well with Thornton 's slick charm , and their escalating acts of sabotage are well-scripted and a joy to watch .
A fitfully amusing but overall unsatisfying film .
Thornton does his job admirably , but he 's derailed by a typically clunky script .
Napoleon Dynamite vs. Bad Santa ... has plenty of lighthearted laughs to keep audiences entertained one last weekend before the real scary movies come out .
Thornton seems bored by the whole movie .
Thoroughly worthy of Todd Phillips , and appropriate for teenagers ' dollars , hard-earned or otherwise .
Those who ca n't get enough of Heder 's shtick will likely come away pleased , but those expecting a raucous , even offensive , comedy had best diminish their expectations .
Billy Bob Thornton 's estimable talents are squandered in this shoddy comedy directed by Todd Phillips -LRB- Old School -RRB- .
... the movie goes soft and Heder ironically loses whatever star quality he had .
Lame and formulaic .
Better at set-up than delivery , this is an underwritten movie with a lot of lags between laughs .
The movie is bereft of any real focus or provocative ideas , which is a surprising result from -LSB- director -RSB- Phillips , the maker of Road Trip and Old School .
This mostly amusing comedy flags after a while , but comes together in a wild finale .
Todd Phillips ' fitfully funny script never delivers the crude creativity or the raw energy that feeds this genre of proudly crass male-centric comedies .
Jon Heder . He 's the worst thing to happen to comedy since the invention of the frown .
Just dissipates in a puff of its own indifference .
A film of schizophrenic tonal shifts and sadly missed opportunities .
Director Todd Phillips has become Hollywood 's go-to guy for collegiate humor , and though this is n't as funny as his Road Trip or Old School , there are some choice sequences of the devious Thornton schooling his milquetoast students .
This ultimately disappointing comedy starts reasonably strong , delivers a few good laughs , then rolls over and plays dead .
It 's not that Scoundrels lacks for talent ; the cast members have all proven their ability to get laughs , but the material in Scoundrels is too wan .
A battering ram of rude encounters that aspires to be a romantic comedy .
If you 're amused by Diego -LRB- Horatio Sanz -RRB- being told to ` stop scratching your nuts , ' you probably just need to stop scratching yours .
Phillips ' theory of comedy mainly consists of : When in doubt , make someone strip down to his underwear .
While the supporting players are a pleasure - especially backup doofuses David Cross and Todd Louiso -- Heder should probably have been among them .
While it 's not uncommon for Hollywood to completely defy the laws of probability , sometimes the absurdity of a misfire is so poignant as to demand attention .
It 's too bad that Phillips fumbles for comic gimmickry when he has the makings of a rich and timely satire on poison-peddling motivational personalities .
Mildly engaging ... in an age of appallingly coarse comedies , its relative restraint is definitely welcome .
Billy Bob Thornton is terrific even when it feels like he 's playing a recycled part ; what 's more impressive is the endearing performance of Thornton 's onscreen protégé , Jon Heder who 's never been better .
If Clueless is Jane Austen for people who do n't know from books , then Scoundrels is farce for people who think Restoration comedy is when you spill a barrel of doorknobs in a fancy hardware store .
Director Todd Phillips tries for the kind of frat slaphappiness he applied so successfully to Old School , but these boys are less scoundrels than individual salesmen for the brands of Heder and Thornton .
If IKEA made movies , they might look something like this : a big bunch of prefabricated parts that not so obviously fit together .
Ultimately , School for Scoundrels earns a failing grade .
How a movie with appearances by David Cross , Sarah Silverman , Luis Guzman and Matt Walsh is n't the funniest movie ever made is pretty incredible .
The movie would n't work without someone as nondescript as Heder , because you can buy him as a do-nothing , go-nowhere man ; he 's perfectly , wonderfully forgettable , appropriate for a movie like this .
Phillips is here to stay . And the whacked humor and sneaky substance of School for Scoundrels is another compelling reason why .
A mean-spirited yet mushy comedy that deserves to be left back .
`` School For Scoundrels '' relies on Thornton 's hovering performance to drive the film , and the formula nearly succeeds in the face of Jon Heder 's narrow comic range and inability to develop his character over the course of the story .
I 'm not sure that Jon Heder is a strong enough leading man , especially for this kind of material .
This unfunny comedy , a loose remake of a 1960s British romp , ca n't decide whether Billy Bob Thonrton 's `` teacher '' is a hero or villain and thus every scene negates the previous one in tone and morale until the movie literally self-destructs at the end
Asked only to regurgitate prior performances , Heder dutifully performs his bumbling Napoleon Dynamite shtick and Thornton berates people with caustic Bad Santa/Bad News Bears nastiness .
A good concept gone wrong . Wrong cast , director , and script .




@highlight

School for Scoundrels squanders its talented cast with a formulaic , unfocused attempt at a romantic comedy that 's neither romantic nor funny .