... its structure and satisfactions are more conventional , but the overall conception is as remarkable .
Thank god that Woo left Hollywood . This is the masterpiece he was destined to make .
The art of war done John Woo style , Red Cliff is an entertaining and grandiose return to form by the master of action cinema .
The director 's magnum opus .
... a magnificent military epic with the scale of Lord of the Rings and the grand visual majesty of the recent wave of Chinese historical epics ...
After years of civil war , Prime Minister General Cao Cao attempts to unite the empire under the Han Dynasty by quashing two troublesome warlords .
It 's like the most complicated game of Stratego ever . Still , if you used to while away Saturday afternoons watching martial arts epics on cable , you 'll have a good time .
You may have the biggest flat-screen DLP monitor in the city , but Red Cliff will never look half as spectacular as it will on the big -- and I mean really big -- screen .
John Woo 's best work has always been mysterious to me . He makes operas - we do n't need to understand the words to sense their power .
The result is an awfully big and powerful movie , even in abbreviated form .
It 's not top-notch Woo , but it 's also not Hollywood so-so Woo .
This is one of the best foreign language films of 2009 . Woo demonstrates a storytelling style of swiftness and grandeur that has been compared to the samurai classics of Akira Kurosawa .
A formidable prelude to an epic battle with resplendent effects and action spectacles .
As drama Red Cliff is overwrought . As spectacle , though , John Woo 's latest is the real thing , an old-fashioned cast-of-thousands collision of armies .
It reminded me of a Road Runner cartoon . The battlefield violence is essentially repetitious , but Woo -- the auteur as Wile E. Coyote -- introduces gimmicks -LRB- ` the tortoise formation ' -RRB- , tricks and variations to keep things interesting .
As hard as it tries , Red Cliff just ca n't muster the heavily filtered mythmaking of the war films of Steven Spielberg and David Lean . And thank goodness for that .
Woo has re-embraced his Chinese roots with brutal commitment .
Flaws and all , you ca n't watch a frame of it without feeling that it has been generations since Hollywood tackled anything on this scale .
One of the most exhilarating action movies of the year .
It 's hard to know what we 're missing from the extended cut , but this Red Cliff feels awfully complete to me .
The film 's countless canned platitudes aside , an intriguing plot unfolds wherein intellect and brute strength play against one another ...
It is a very focused movie , centred on the chesslike manoeuvres of a few key characters , and nicely paced with some quiet , almost Zen-like moments .
It 's a historical war movie with impressive sweep , strong characterizations and the kind of idiosyncratic flourishes that made Woo such an irresistible storyteller .
What remains is still plenty rousing , especially to moviegoers eager to see Woo regain his footing after an increasingly dismal series of outings in Hollywood .
Spectacular is the most appropriate word to describe this epic historical adventure - it 's visually impeccable and impressive .
With the costumed epic Red Cliff , celebrated Hong Kong and Hollywood action director John Woo wanders into unaccustomed turf .
... a triumph -LSB- that -RSB- demands to be seen on the biggest possible screen .
The biggest film of the year opens this week , though you may be forgiven if you have n't heard about it , as it has committed the unpardonable sin of being in Chinese .
Many people see Red Cliff as Hong Kong actioneer John Woo 's return to form . I 'm not one of them . John Woo has never once made a film I 've liked . Until now .
I loved watching Red Cliff from a purely technical level but never cared about it on a human one .
I left the movie thinking , `` Wow , those were some really good formations those soldiers invented . Who were they again , anyway ? ''
Not a bad consolation prize , but not the complex , multilayered drama that made Red Cliff a hit in Asia .
From landscape shots that have the serene beauty of a Han Dynasty watercolor , to its dramatic naval engagements and thundering cavalry charges , this is magnificent filmmaking , and a magnificent film .
Woo does n't have Yimou 's natural feel for the courtly culture , or , perhaps , his sweeping way with this type of story . But his hand is sure and his eye , as ever , finds beauty in everything , even death .
Returning to his roots after a stint in Hollywood , Woo has made the most expensive film in mainland Chinese history , a pleasantly traditional picture that marks a new direction for one of the world 's premier action maestros .
The compelling emotion that marks the best Woo movies is AWOL . The pacing is choppy , with most of the human moments lopped off . Is the Han emperor the good guy ? Or should we cheer the rebellious opposition warlords ? And what the heck is a viceroy ?
It 's almost 2 1/2 hours , and too much is corny , cramped , and vague .
The cuts may be appalling to those who 've seen the original , but I 'm not one of them , and I think this version is pretty solid .
It 's all about the action .
A magnificent achievement ... both fascinating and fun -- so good , in fact , that after watching this cut you just might to search out the director 's original 280-minute version .
a historical epic featuring great characters , extremely clever tactical maneuvering , and scope , scope , scope ...
Overlong but ambitious , Woo proves he 's as good at tactical maneuvers as he is at close-quarters combat .
Red Cliff is a legendary filmmaker 's visual symphony .
Woo had the chance of a lifetime ... to film one of the greatest Chinese stories , and blew it by tinkering with it so much that not only is it no longer the story many of us know and love , it 's also a version that ca n't even be considered on par .
As impressively mounted as Braveheart and Gladiator , but as directed by Hong Kong action master John Woo , it easily surpasses them in terms of style and grace , action and cinematography
What we 're seeing is n't all that Woo intended . It 's merely a strong reminder of just how good he can be .
John Woo does n't make films , he makes movies -- and Red Cliff is one pretty darn good movie .
The film is both traditional and modern : austere in its engagement with history , and insistent in its showy action beats .
The most interesting and freshest part of Red Cliff is its emphasis on battle strategy
Mr. Woo , who can make romantic poetry out of a battle among 20 men in the confines of a teahouse , seems defeated , or at least defused , by this increase in scale .
This is basically The Art of War : The Movie .
A user-friendly spectacle of warriors and weapons , Red Cliff is a majestic motion picture that returns Woo to the sort of whirlwind screen restlessness he built his legendary name upon .
A sensationally entertaining , visually stunning epic filled with enough thrilling and invigorating action sequences to compensate for its dull , less captivating dramatic scenes .
Warring armies clash in third-century China . Epic adventure marks a return to form for director John Woo .
What remains on screen is impressive -- grand battles , dazzling action , sumptuous sets , magnificent panoramas . What 's lost in the abbreviation is the emotional element as Woo chronicles an epic clash of warriors in the 3rd century .
There 's plenty of vivid action to fill two and a half hours in John Woo 's Chinese historical war epic Red Cliff , a rewarding change of terrain and era for the inventive Hong Kong director .
Dripping with lush detail , spectacular battles , and superb acting performances , Red Cliff is a nuanced approach to combat rarely seen on screen in modern times
Watching Red Cliff feels like being in the presence of gods who have momentarily deigned to walk upon the earth .
Hard not to be impressed by the spectacular way Woo gives Western audiences an Asian history lesson that 's thoroughly entertaining at the same time .
Blazes across the screen with a sweep that most movies can only dream of . It 's nice to see a master like Woo at the height of his powers , after slipping Hollywood 's shackle .
The characters function less as flesh-and-blood figures than obtuse archetypes . They look and act as if they know they belong in an epic .
The film 's shortcomings have less to do with Woo 's orchestration of his ambitious tale and more to do with the Frankenstein hatchet job enacted against it .
John Woo fulfills on `` Red Cliff 's '' reputation as the most expensive Chinese-language film ever made with a mesmerizing war epic that concentrates on ancient techniques of war strategy as played out on a grand stage .
The drama tends to be pitched over the top % u2026 Before , Woo could pull off such extremes because he did it in an operatic fashion of gonzo emotion , but here it often comes off as inadvertently hokey .
Any war picture in which the heroine stalls the villain with a quiet , painstaking tea ceremony until the wind shifts direction and the good guys can firebomb the bad guys into oblivion is too ineffably Zen not to love .
Truly spectacular visually , John Woo 's historical epic is not particularly engaging from a dramatic standpoint , and the U.S. abridged version -LRB- half in length of the Chinese -RRB- makes involvement evem more demanding .
I would have given the original film at least a four-star rating ; the cut version is diminished but not entirely ruined . The nuances may have been left on the cutting-room floor but the spectacle just about survives .
Red Cliff marks his return to form with the most expensive Chinese-speaking film ever made .
Like your chinese action ? The huge battles , physics defying fight sequences , the sense of history in the making ? Then you 'll love Red Cliff .
-LSB- Woo -RSB- pulls out all the stops to recreate extensive battle scenes with high spectacle impact , but fails to capture the nuance and personal touch of his early action films .
The most beautiful Asian epic since Bernardo Bertolucci 's Oscar triumph , The Last Emperor , 22 years ago .
A handsome , vigorous , entertaining film that never becomes exhilarating .
The decision to release only an ` international ' cut-down version , combining the two original films and almost halving the running time is a terrible one -- it 's akin to screening half of Lawrence of Arabia .
John Woo 's original two part epic telling of an ancient Chinese battle tale is amalgamated and cut to create a stylised but characterless piece with some spectacular fighting scenes .
Woo revels in a gritty realism that genuinely imparts both the brutality and creativity of ancient warfare .
The mix of real history and imagined events results in filmmaking of high quality , despite the gaps and possible confusion of the foreign story .
Woo has a knack for the spectacular , and Red Cliff is certainly something to behold .
John Woo returns to China to make a film he has been burning to make , an adaptation from the much read book , Romance of the Three Kingdoms , written in about the 14th century ; many years after the events depicted , but then these events are as important in
Camp , over-the-top and entirely unbelievable : in short , the best thing John Woo has made in years .
It 's all technically impressive , but with none of the characters having much personality , it rarely stirs your senses .
With some of the best battle scenes since Peter Jackson 's The Two Towers , a smattering of 1980s love scenes and all the far eastern promise of a Twinings advert , you ca n't really beat Red Cliff as the classiest and most fabulous blockbuster of the summer .
The numerous battle scenes , culminating in the famous Battle of Red Cliff , prove Woo is an action director par excellence .
As old-fashioned mythic entertainment , ` Red Cliff ' succeeds in solid , sometimes magnificent fashion .
A highly impressive historical epic , Red Cliff shows just how John Woo got his mojo back after a bumpy ride in Hollywood . Full of stunning action sequences , the only shame is how the international version leaves westerners wanting more .
After 15 years expertly playing the Hollywood game , the Hong Kong director John Woo returns to his roots , and to form . And what a relief it clearly is for the world 's slickest action director to spill copious amounts of blood .
At two and a half hours , it 's a long haul . But there 's entertainment and fun along the way .
Red Cliff makes brutal violence look gracefully balletic . In this period war film he 's managed to temper the stylistic indulgences that Hollywood encouraged .
With superb planning and execution from Woo , his stuntmen and the backroom boys , the action unfolds like a game of Risk played on the grandest scale .
A sweeping , stirring breath-snatcher that finds the director on his finest form since Face/Off . Even half-cut , it 's a whole lot of epic .
Woo has created a resounding epic , blending a distinctly Chinese ethos with a Hollywood sense of scale .
A bloodthirsty costume epic directed for maximum gruesomeness .
His period war spectacular Red Cliff may be better than several of his American blockbusters , but it falls some way below the absurdly entertaining Face/Off .
With battle scenes to rival those of the Lord Of The Rings trilogy , this is a beautiful piece of cinematography .
Red Cliff gets everything right - sensationally right - except this one vital pulse of engagement .
The battle choreography is superb , and Woo 's Peckinpah-style slo-mo violence ensures that every lopping and skewering gets our full attention . The film could do with some lopping itself - at least half an hour - but the effect is dizzyingly grand .
The script is leaden but the action speaks volumes as Woo delivers an efficient spectacle of naval battles , slow-motion combat , death-defying stunt work , daredevil espionage , noble deeds , self-sacrifice and more plotting than a Labour Cabinet meeting .
Director John Woo belatedly hits his stride , socking the one-dimensional epic to you with trademark ` woo hoo ! ' style .
Thrilling , beautifully shot and superbly acted , this is a return to form for director John Woo .
John Woo applies his whizzing , sweeping visual style to Chinese history , making this film one of the most hugely entertaining battle epics in recent memory . Utterly riveting , we barely feel two and a half hours pass .
If it 's an eyeball-searing historical epic you 're after , then Woo 's your daddy .
A thoroughly entertaining slice of brilliant cinema .
Red Cliff is extravagant and expensive , but at least all the money has gone on screen .
As a lavish spectacle , this historical epic takes us back to the great days of King Vidor or Joseph L Mankiewicz , when sets were framed by incidental stars .
click for full review
Balances character , grit , spectacle and visceral action in a meaty , dramatically satisfying pie that delivers on the hype and will surprise many who felt the Hong Kong helmer progressively lost his mojo during his long years stateside .











@highlight

Featuring some impressively grand battlefield action , John Woo returns to Asia and returns to form in the process for this lavish and slick historical epic .