Although My Friend Dahmer does not resolve the impossible question of 'nature vs nurture', it approaches it with a humanity that is too often missing from such stories.
The movie is best as a study of teenage enthusiasm and exploitation, charting his association with a trio of anarchic classmates - including John Backderf (Alex Wolff), whose graphic novel is the film's source text - who stoke his antisocial stunts.
We are presented with Dahmer the person, not merely the bogeyman, and that makes it all the more unsettling.
Demonstrating that something darker lurks beneath the surface isn't as profound as the film seems to think
Isn't there something pathological about the way we privilege the pathological? If you can stomach the focus of My Friend Dahmer, you'll find this rewarding.
My Friend Dahmer is nonetheless a sad film about squandered opportunity. Everybody is losing out in this grim, claustrophobic version of the late 1970s.
[The film] is a modest, even honourable effort, driven not by lurid curiosity about Dahmer's crimes, but by the eerie view his high-school years afford us of a malformed psyche going through the usual growing pains...
[Marc Meyers'] choice to cast Disney star Ross Lynch as Dahmer is inspired and Lynch really conveys isolation and creepiness.
Goosebump-inducing.
It's easy to imagine serial killers as Hannibal Lecter-style monsters, but remembering that they're real people living banal and sad lives is all the more terrifying.
Avoiding the sensationalism that would have come so easily, the skill with which Meyers varies the tone of My Friend Dahmer, as he takes us from humour to darkness and back again, is simply compelling.
It makes for something that ends up being sadder, weirder, more boring - but more convincing - than the average serial killer movie.
The whole assembly kit of Jeffrey Dahmer's dysfunction is laid out, and we can easily see how it all clicks together. The film might have risked more empathy for him, if that weren't the one thing he so signally lacked himself.
The restraint with which Meyers handles his story deepens it, adding melancholy layers to Jeffrey's morbid dysfunction.
Overall, this is more in keeping with more mainstream high school dramas, but doesn't have the vicious comic tone of films like Heathers and Mean Girls, both of which hit the mark in their respective ways.
There's a hint of retrospective guilt here and you could question Backderf's morals, and by extension those of Meyers, for profiting from telling a murderer's origin story.
A plausibly chilling portrait of an archetypal outsider whose nascent psychosis isn't easily compartmentalised or explained.
It lets us decide whether nature or nurture created the monster and Lynch puts in a quietly terrifying performance.
Ross Lynch is eerily good as Dahmer, like a very young Philip Seymour Hoffman - stolidly silent, heavy-footed, incubating his resentments.
Lynch's opaque performance deliberately keeps you at a distance and avoids any easy answers.
Films like My Friend Dahmer heighten the mystery rather than explaining it.
An eerily hypnotic film.
A small, slight window into a mixed-up soul, this is more intriguing than engaging. Its restraint, though, is admirable, resulting in a mood-piece with an ongoing sense of unease.
Meyers marks the dawn of Dahmer's charismatic, highly manipulative and ultimately murderous persona to chilling effect.
Knowing what we know now about Dahmer's future, this is pretty chilling stuff.
The film works above standard because there is a powerful sadness motivating the characters.
It raises more questions than answers and, therefore, develops a special appeal. [Full review in Spanish]
I admire the filmmaker's straight and painful delivery.
As an account of a serial killer, then, My Friend Dahmer doesn't quite work. Instead it is Derf's story, with its uncomfortable mixture of compassion, complicity and retrospective horror, where the film's real strength lies.
[Ross] Lynch's portrayal of Dahmer is unsettling and chillingly detached.
As My Friend Dahmer slowly steers its protagonist toward his historical fate, the result is crushing.
Although it conveys a frustrating ambiguity, this subtle examination of the notorious serial killer's formative years offers some haunting insight.
It's a haunting story.
At once sympathetic in its portrayal of a boy tortured by circumstance and eerie in its presentiments about what he would become, it's emotionally unsettling but strangely moving.
The scariest thing about My Friend Dahmer is the incredible level of restraint; Jeffrey Dahmer doesn't kill a single person in the near two-hour picture. Instead, he gradually becomes one step closer to imploding into serial murder necrophiliac
The most remarkable thing about Meyers' film is its compassion. We may never understand Dahmer's actions, yet we can sympathize with what he endured early on, conditions favorable to the creation of a monster.
My Friend Dahmer may walk the fine line between satire and horror, but the film succeeds because it is not judgmental.
[I]t depicts how Dahmer became the killer he was with frightening clarity.
It's admirable that the film avoids full-on exploitation by ending just before Dahmer's first human kill, but the two-act structure also results in the film never quite making it to the fireworks factory.
Meyers makes "My Friend Dahmer" a convincing high school drama, but his portrait of the serial killer as a young man telegraphs Dahmer's future all too clearly.
My Friend Dahmer is at its most provocative when it considers this dynamic between the exploiters and the exploited. In making Dahmer feel like a freak, did the boys push him over the edge into a murderous contempt for all people?
Which came first, bullies or dead animals in jars? "Friend" does not say, nor is there a clear link between the discord in Jeff's home and his behavior.
"Dazed and Confused" with a chilling, true-crime edge
It seeks not to excuse Dahmer but rather to illuminate his sociopathy.
Director Marc Meyers brings a steady gaze and some sterling production values to the picture. It truly looks like 1978 Ohio, where Dahmer went to school. And by treating its subject seriously, we're invited to do the same.
It's left to the viewer to decide whether Dahmer's many humiliations had a causative effect. My Friend Dahmer simply drops you at a point in the serial killer's past when he was still just "high school weird."
A morbidly fascinating peek behind the blood-stained curtains.
Aside from its dead-on period feel, the well-paced movie's main pull is the banality of the behaviour on display. It's not aberration that stands out but the effort to blend in.
Myers emphasizes that he wasn't at fault for his old friend's tragic decline.He's able to humanize Dahmer without minimizing his horrific crimes, and by doing so, gives us an engrossing glimpse into the infamous serial killer.
At the heart of My Friend Dahmer is a remarkable performance by Ross Lynch.
A warped wonder of a movie about a cannibalistic serial killer's awkward teenage years-it takes twisted to areas few have investigated.
Writer-director Marc Meyers turns Backderf's celebrated book into an absorbing, dramatized portrait of casual cruelty and teenage desperation, equal parts The Virgin Suicides and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.
More than a week after watching writer-director Marc Meyers' My Friend Dahmer, I'm still trying to figure out who exactly the film is meant for and why on earth it was made.
[Ross] Lynch is opaque in the spookiest way.
Unsettlingly intimate, and nearly bursting with dread.
Walks a fine line between ridicule and morbidity but maintains a humane balance, exploring a disturbed character in an empathetic way.
I don't know who thought a movie about a future serial killer's high school hi jinx was a good idea. It ain't, especially if you're going to do it with minimal insight and lazy imagination.
Meyers recreates Dahmer's world so wholly that you don't leave with questions even if the big one remains purposely unanswered.
It's a nuanced and sad high school movie, a portrait of lonely, damaged youth that only gradually reveals itself as the origin story of a psychopath.
A subtly discomfiting movie.
The world may never tire of being fascinated with serial killers, but "My Friend Dahmer" avoids exploitation often enough to forge its own perceptive, tense, character-driven path.
My Friend Dahmer is both sensitive and fascinating, distinguished by a stellar, mouth-breathing performance of insecurity from [Ross] Lynch.
We watch the cruelty of adolescence and learn nothing.
This film is sensitively wrought. It's credible in its evocation of mid-'70s suburbia. The acting is excellent throughout, and Ross Lynch in the role of Dahmer elicits genuine sympathy for an increasingly lost but not yet monstrous soul.
... an eerie and effective portrait of serial killer and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer in his beyond-troubled teen years, a quick hop into the mind of a loner kid who was about to become a monster.
Meyers' drama is paradoxically humane and affecting - a direction few thought was possible when deliberating the essence of a real-life monster.
Not your typical high school movie. This one portrays Dahmer (performed by an amazingly copied look by the title character) as a kid who might have been stopped from murder if adults paid attention to his adolescent fantasies.
The film wants to treat Jeffrey Dahmer like a character, but it invariably frames him like a specimen.
My Friend Dahmer is one of the most disturbing coming-of-age features in memory. But it's also exceptionally moving.
Jeffrey Dahmer was a real person, with a family and at least a couple of casual friends. The people he killed were, too. The discomfort of reconciling those two facts is where this film lives, and what ultimately makes it work.
It's not fun to enter a movie-viewing experience asking, "Does this movie need to exist?" My Friend Dahmer, an adaptation of the 2012 graphic novel by Derf Backderf.. is one of these.
My Friend Dahmer serves as a portrait of one ordinary teenager who grew up to be anything but, and Meyers' deeply affective examination of teenage angst makes for a cinematic story that's both strikingly moving and wholly memorable.
There is such a chasm between the unreadable character we see and the extraordinary grisliness of Dahmer's crimes that this depiction is as helpful as those inevitable attributions of mass murderers as "quiet, normal-seeming" men from shocked neighbors.
An absolutely interminable misfire...
We already know the monster Dahmer will become, but Meyers also focuses on the better person he might have been, and the toxic formative experiences that prevent this & mould his tragic trajectory, pushing him into living up to his own cult image.
What we're left with is a portrait of the eternal freak, resigned to damnation because he couldn't make friends or lovers out of the young geeks surrounding him, despite his best efforts.
At the core is an unnerving and mesmerizing performance by Austin & Ally star Lynch, who may have managed the most revolutionary reinvention for a Disney Channel alum since Ryan Gosling.
Ross Lynch, an actor formerly known for roles in fluffy Disney teen movies, plays the Dahmer role with a studied and intriguing subtlety. It's a tricky role, and he gets it right.
It aims to capitalize on our perverse fascination with the Milwaukee Cannibal, while congratulating ourselves for finding a moral message in his tragedy.
My Friend Dahmer feels very much authentic to its time and its protagonist, who is destined to be the worst kind of antagonist.
I'm still not quite sure how they made this work - but they did.
Marc Myers' innovative look at a serial killer as a high school outcast is a welcome twist on the genre.
As an examination of a notorious American killer, it may be in over its head. But as one of something just as notorious-American high school life-it's fun, sinister, and remarkably thoughtful.
It sees Jeffrey Dahmer for what he was: a young man who could express himself only through the most hideous violence. Yet it shows you that what he had to express was real.
Meyers's drama depends mostly on what it doesn't show you, and it works.

@highlight

My Friend Dahmer opens a window into the making of a serial killer whose conclusions are as empathetic as they are deeply troubling.