While Mendeluk's film is well intentioned and mildly intriguing, it falls well short of grandness.
Despite the fact that it was a genocide that claimed millions of lives, the Holodomor is not particularly well known. Bitter Harvest is not the film to bring attention to it.
A watchable effort that sheds light on the atrocities that happened under Joseph Stalin's rule.
Nevertheless, in Bitter Harvest the merciless actions are clear, the effect indisputable.
While it's commendable that one of history's most despicable human-inflicted tragedies is brought to light, Bitter Harvest leaves viewers bitter for all the wrong reasons.
The film's use of English-speaking actors, digital cinematography, and simple sets gives it all a cheap, made-for-cable movie feel.
Disappointing drama shows brutal historical violence.
This is a story of villainous oppression, unfortunately told with oppressive earnestness.
The story of the Holodomor is an important one, but Bitter Harvest plasters over the dark history with all manner of movie shortcuts.
It seems like Mendeluk and his writer Richard Bachynsky Hoover were striving for something sweeping and old-fashioned, but the end result is claustrophobic and comically out-of-touch.
It's not Zhivago. The big picture is drawn a little too hastily for that. But it is a rousing tale with political pertinence, given the current state of relations between Russia and the Ukraine.
In reality, more than seven million people likely died on Stalin's orders. (The final numbers remain unknown.) Don't they deserve a better epitaph than this?
I've said it before, and sadly Bitter Harvest gives me cause to say it again: the only thing worse than a terrible movie is a terrible movie that thinks it's good for you.
The Cossack horseback action sequences are impressive, but there are too few shots of thundering hooves and too many scenes of stilted political discourse for this picture to take flight.
Any intriguing historical context is jettisoned in favor of absurd embellishments that lack subtlety and authenticity.
Yes, the film is flawed but it is still one of the most important films to see this year for its first-time look at one of the 20th century's greatest injustices that sheds light on Ukraine's current travails.
Bitter Harvest looks good, but it's a wasted opportunity to tell a story the world should not forget.
Almost inevitably, approaching the Holodomor via a standard-length dramatic feature risks reducing the cataclysm's enormity to a trivializing size and emotional impact.
This is a shameful piece of history that deserves a far better film.
I so wanted "Bitter Harvest" to be a grand, sweeping saga, exposing this indefensible, outrageous crime. Alas, it is not.
In all fairness, director George Mendeluk had an almost impossible task of telling the story of Stalin's reign of terror in only 103 minutes.
Vividly shines a light on a criminally under-reported and often deliberately misunderstood case of systematic mass murder, while the family saga picks up speed and power as it develops.
An odd mix of incompetence and ambition.
The script shoehorns the tragedy of the Ukrainians' plight with awkward action scenes and swoony romantic moments.
Ambitious if ultimately misfiring.
Hard to sit through, but sadly for the wrong reasons.
Simplistic, sloppy and mostly unconvincing.
While one may applaud the intention, the execution is markedly uneven.
While "Bitter Harvest" will undoubtedly serve to raise awareness, there can be no doubt that the events deserve a more compelling and responsible treatment than this.
Singularly fails to dramatise the genocide at the story's core with the cinematic force it deserves.
The film's stark portrayal of Ukrainian suffering is stymied by a trite tale of young love.
Awash in clichés and predictability.
The millions who died during this real-life tragedy deserve a stronger memorial than this one.
Given the scope of the early-1930s atrocity, the most shocking thing about director George Mendeluk's new dramatization is how utterly devoid of emotional impact it is.
Hoover and Mendeluk's mini-epic is neither odd nor epic enough to make much of a splash.
Even accounting for the difficulty, "Bitter Harvest" is a weak effort, with nothing to redeem it save for a certain base level of competence.
Bitter Harvest is also lit like a Pre-Raphaelite painting that exudes an atmosphere of unreal gloss and innocence.
Teaching important history to younger generations via popular culture is always a worthy cause. It's just that soaking this sobering story in a soppy romance does little to advance that cause.
Strives for a 'Doctor Zhivago' vibe but falls miles short...the earnest but unimaginative approach results in an old-fashioned romantic melodrama that fails to do justice to the historical horrors that serve as its backdrop.
There ought to be no lack of firepower in telling this shameful tale. Too often, however, "Bitter Harvest" is guilty of overkill.
A painfully melodramatic take on world events, working to welcome audiences into bleak territory through a romantic tale of lost lovers, and the fantasy doesn't mesh with reality.
This horrific episode in history that killed millions is not widely known. "Bitter Harvest" could have borne substantial fruit but instead just whets the appetite for something more substantial on the topic.
[It's] gallows grim but far too often unnecessarily heavy-handed in a way that drives home the factual historical horrors it portrays while somehow managing to feel like a sizably budgeted but no less maladroit television movie of the week.
Oh my word. They don't make properly terrible films on this sort of scale anymore.
The romance turns it into a soap-opera treatment, undercut by iffy acting and a story that never captures what Mendeluk is striving for.
Perhaps not the best backdrop for a trite love story, nor does Mendeluk have quite the epic vision of David Lean in "Doctor Zhivago."
Kitsch romance amid Uncle Joe Stalin's pogroms.
There is a vital, saddening and illuminating story to be told here, and unfortunately, it doesn't always get the chance to make itself heard.
It looks and feels like a harmless television movie from 30 years ago - perhaps because its director, George Mendeluk, has been churning out TV content ("Riddles of the Sphinx") at a brisk clip since 1977.
There's a really important movie here to be made, and yet it's one that has been cheapened and devalued by the generic approach taken by Mendeluk, feeling more akin to a TV drama than a cinematic endeavour.
At least this cloying attempt to stir nationalist and diasporic pride is good for the occasional, inadvertent laugh.
Bitter Harvest does offer pretty cinematography and respectable battle scenes, and it gains credibility with its book-end finale, but the victims of the Holodomor deserve an infinitely better cinematic epitaph.
The low-budget aesthetic was probably unavoidable, but a subject like the Holodomor demands something more than a TV-movie aesthetic and pitched battle scenes featuring a couple dozen combatants ...
The film is an awkward mix of swashbuckling love story and polemic, painted in very broad strokes.
Awkward and inauthentic.
Torn between exploring the horrors of Stalin's rule and Yuri and Natalka's relationship, the film opts for an overtly melodramatic tale of love.
Overused plot points and a bland leading man cripple this account of love and horror during the Soviet-enforced famine of Ukraine of the 1930s

@highlight

Bitter Harvest lives down to its title with a clichéd wartime romance whose clumsy melodrama dishonors the victims of the real-life horrors it uses as a backdrop.