Sunlight Jr. has the heart in the right place but comes up short in many regards.
Shows american lives that the screen usually neglects
Uncovers with rare candor on screen, the psychology, economic distress and depleting emotions layering over the lives of the US working poor today, and flipping the script on the American dream.
...could be perceived as a dreary downer, there's a kind of magic... Watts shines through her ill-fitting uniforms, Dillon retains a leading man's indomitability.. .. they give each other reason to persist.
Sobering, depressing and tedious, filled with far too much unresolved adversity and overwhelming despair to be recommended as 'entertainment.'
The movie consequently suffers from a lack of emotional resonance that's both unfortunate and disastrous...
The well-intentioned film can't overcome a screenplay that feels more contrived as the problems pile up for the couple.
Like many other films this year, such as 'Before Midnight' and 'Blue Is the Warmest Color,' it asks whether that's true and wonders if a couple might actually be better breaking up.
There are two intensely professional performances at the heart and soul of Sunlight Jr., from A-minus list actors fully investing themselves in bringing the gloom, playing their characters' distresses subtler than Collyer's screenplay presents them.
It belongs to Naomi Watts, playing a woman who retains her dignity in spite of endless difficulties. It's work done between the lines, in the silent moments.
If Sunlight Jr. does anything, it is to shine a light on the fact that the American dream is dormant notion for far too many.
Urine tests and evictions, drunken brawls and rare outbursts of tenderness and grace. Collyer takes it all in, with a clear eye and no judgment.
Collyer paints a sobering and important picture of the way many of us live now.
Despite the intensity of their performances, Ms. Watts and Mr. Dillon are only fleetingly convincing as these desperate young Americans trying to maintain a foothold.
Collyer never looks down on her characters; instead, her films have the quality of a good Springsteen song.
A compelling portrayal of the grinding life of America's working poor, brought into sharp focus by intense lead performances from Naomi Watts and Matt Dillon.
It's a sad, thoughtful film, and you leave it without much belief that things will get better for these characters - but you believe in them, which makes it even sadder.
while authentic and poignant, it's hardly a revelation
Empathy for the all-too-real plight of the working poor drives this heavy but bold indie. Sadly, though, it falters under the weight of too much drama.
Sunlight Jr. is what is often described as a slice-of-life drama, but this one is more of a tiny sliver, and it doesn't leave you with much to chew on.
Only those viewers who assume that convenience-store clerks in their 40s enjoy lives of luxury and have limitless options will do much more than shrug in acknowledgement, feeling incredibly grateful not to be stuck in that rut.
Instead of reflective, Sunlight Jr. feels calculated -- 90 minutes of cinematic flagellation without the expected profundity.
This is that rare movie that observes the lower class with an eye toward understanding precisely how such an economic prison forms and is perpetuated.
Be forewarned: The depression is inescapable.
The one real takeaway here is not that things are tough all over, or that movie stars equate slumming with authenticity; it's that no actor should be asked to do a sexy dance to Crazy Town's "Butterfly." Ever.
Collyer has a keen eye for underrepresented populations, but she'd be better served in the future to scale back on the overstatement.
This sensitively observed humanistic drama features deeply moving performances by Naomi Watts and Matt Dillon.
Incandescent performances and an unerring grasp of milieu distinguish this latest feature from Sherrybaby helmer Laurie Collyer.
Collyer is a gifted storyteller with a knack for writing damaged characters who can't seem to rise above their impossible odds.
Gritty, bleak, but you never lose the sense that the actors -- especially Watts -- are smarter than their characters.
A bleak, well-acted social drama evoking the problems of the American working class.
As Collyer risks caricature,...Watts and Dillon ease Sunlight Jr. back to more grounded, fundamental truths.
An atypical American social realist film that offers a low-key and somber look at the country's underclass
Crafting another well-intentioned, socially conscious film built around a strong female performance, Laurie Collyer drops Sunlight Jr. on audiences like a bomb.
Unflinchingly honest and grim, Sunlight Jr. is a valuable piece of work from a filmmaker who has a distinctive voice and concerns.

@highlight

It doesn't offer much in the way of uplift, but Sunlight Jr. 's grim storyline is offset by Laurie Collyer's empathetic screenplay and strong performances from Naomi Watts and Matt Dillon.