...a release from a desire to control and finds joy in a simple pleasure, a simple presence, a lovely mood.
[Red Balloon] takes the ineffable and makes it concrete and visible.
Hou's slice of backstreet Paris is quiet, composed, almost serene in spite of itself.
Watching this was a waste of time.
A visitor's beatific evocation
La Tour de Paris charmingly through the fresh eyes of a Chinese film student updating Lamorisse's beloved film while she babysits the son of the lovely, harried Binoche.
While Hou's cinematic techniques are as sound as ever, this time it feels as if they're being used to peer into nothing of particular, specific significance.
As if playing a serenely refined game, Hou transforms constraint into freedom -- which feels more to the point than any plotbound interpretation.
Beautifully shot, but ultimately dull and plot-free drama that's both elusive and frustrating, despite a strong performance from Binoche.
[A] sedate, ever-lovely looking film.
Binoche's energy, invention and concentration are phenomenal.
The question is whether it really makes sense to turn Lamorisse's fanciful original film into a downer family drama; it's sort of like doing a modern-day version of "Narnia" where the kids never find the wardrobe.
The movie is marvelously alert to whatever wonderment may appear within it. Which, for a patient, sympathetic audience, is much.
A winsome homage to Albert Lamorisse's classic children's fantasy short film of 1956 The Red Balloon.
There's no editing within a scene, no close-ups. No incidental music. Just life, or a pretty accurate simulation of life.
Lamorisse's film was a third of this length, and was lighter than air. Hou's is about the weight of air itself on a muggy day, and whether that sustains over 113 minutes will be between each viewer and his attention span.
The slow-moving Red Balloon really doesn't stack up favorably with its obvious inspiration, the delightful 1956 short fantasy The Red Balloon.
In a film that feels so unstructured, these scenes reveal how much craft and structure actually go into Hou's films, how he endows his film with such meticulous layering of themes and ideas.
Delicately handled and handsomely made.
Even when [Hou is] working with simple ingredients, he brings along his masterful sense of space, timing, and everyday observation, which gives an actress like Binoche ample room to shine.
I fear many viewers may lose patience. But those who stay to the end of this delicate and beautiful film will be amply rewarded.
It's all humdrum and low key without any redeeming compositional elegance or symmetry.
Miraculously avoids leaden 'significance' in favor of a sagacious lived-in-ness.
Many will become irritated and bored; watching eggs being cracked for pancakes could be riveting to watch, but not here.
If you're patient enough, an affecting melancholy seeps through. Some scenes are maddeningly vague, but others wonderful and mysterious, capturing a child's plaintive wide-eyed perspective for a few gorgeous, fleeting moments.
All suggestion and no imposition, a subtle meditation on how we position ourselves in space, and to what end.
The story of these people is certainly engaging. The conundrums of art and reality, of reflection and mirror images, presented by the movie are another matter - they seem at times gratuitous. But at least the movie does give us something to think about.
Ultimately, it's hard not to feel like Hou is saying more explicitly and expansively in nearly two hours what Lamorisse managed to convey in only one-fourth as much film.
Who knows? You might be in the mood for a slowly unspooling objet d'art filmique with flashes of brilliance in composition and framing. Or you might want to see Iron Man again.
For all its fuss and fury, Flight of the Red Balloon succeeds magnificently, providing not only an artful homage to Lamorisse's Academy Award-winning short, but also a weightlessly floating tour of the French capital.
Hou's first film made outside of Asia is his most emotionally turbulent, yet he remains, like the balloon, outside looking in, a compassionate but distant observer...
More often than not, the red balloon appears as a silent, benevolent witness to ethereal moments that [director] Hou has taken great care to capture.
Plenty of well-meaning filmmakers advertise emotion without contextualizing it. Hou's latest film feels to me like a masterpiece responding intuitively to a masterpiece.
What Mr. Hou has done is borrow power and some gentle intimations of a state of grace from one of the most enchanting images in movie history.
A frazzled single mother and her curious young boy are observed by his Taiwanese baby sitter and, yes, a hovering balloon in this engaging but plot-light look at everyday Paris life.
Flight looks at the world the way a kid would, taking it all in and sifting for clues.
Even in his most commercial effort, Hou [Hsiao-hsien] has set himself an impressively daunting artistic challenge.
It just goes to show what can be done with a quiet, reflective film that does not have car chases, shootouts or mayhem, just a strong dose of beauty and imagination.
A work of art on the order of a poem by Yeats or a painting by Rothko.
Hou Hsiao-hsien's first French-language film shows why the Taiwanese master is considered one of the world's great filmmakers.
Receives a big boost from bleached-blonde leading lady Binoche, whose showy mood-swings qualify as action set-pieces.
This Red Balloon is gorgeously photographed, and finely acted; like the first film, it gives its plaything a real, solid dimensionality. But despite its title, it never really soars.
Fans of Hou know just what to expect from his slow, contemplative films - and they won't be disappointed.
[Hou Hsiao-hsien] may well have created a future classic of his own
Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien knows how to cast a spell of loneliness.
This is a transportive picture, the kind with the power to carry you outside of yourself; it is itself a flotation device.
Some complain that 'nothing happens' in this film. To borrow a line from Cameron's The Abyss -- they 'need to look with better eyes than that.'
...one of the most monumentally boring films I've ever forced myself to sit through.
A slight, surreal cinematic experiment apt to enthrall the more discerning theatergoer, while leaving the mundane masses scratching their heads and asking, 'Is that it?'
Binoche is simply miraculous in this role.
You won't see anything as rapturous as this in any film this year.
The luscious red orb in Flight of the Red Balloon is as much a reminder of the precariousness of life as an emblem of innocence.
Nothing much happens in The Flight Of The Red Balloon, and that's all by design: [director] Hou means to evoke a city and a few of the lonely characters within it, and he does so with consummate grace, affection, and a subtle touch of magic.
Some will read something deeper here, while others will find sweet caprice...but nothing would have been lost if the balloon had fallen to a cutting room floor.
The best of Hou's films are quiet accumulations of hints and nuances that reward the patient viewer with an emotionally rich conclusion. Not so here.
A relatively slight but sturdy work by Taiwanese master Hou Hsiao-hsien, this slice of contemporary urban life more or less does for Paris what his Cafe Lumiere did for Tokyo, albeit with less minimalism and more overt emotion.
The great Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao-hsien expands on the bright, drifty loveliness of Albert Lamorisse's 1956 classic, The Red Balloon, in Flight of the Red Balloon.
Like Terry Gilliam's 12 Monkeys (a two-hour adaptation of Chris Marker's 28-minute La Jetée), Hou's Lamorisse remake lasts longer than the original -- but says less.
In The Flight of the Red Balloon, the great Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao Hsien uses Albert Lamorisse's 1956 masterpiece The Red Balloon as a springboard for his own masterpiece.
For special tastes: for others, the film is static, punctuating the harried life of a mother who frankly does not have much reason to be frazzled.
Too contrived and self-reflexive for my tastes.
An odd tale of life on the winding streets of Paris, The Flight Of The Red Balloon isn't without its moments of beauty, but its vague story and aimless tone is more likely to frustrate than enchant.
French drama The Flight Of The Red Balloon has been praised at film festivals, but it's likely to divide audiences less tolerant of arthouse minimalism.
While nothing really happens in the leisurely French debut of lauded filmmaker Hou Hsiao-Hsien, it doesn't happen in the most beguiling of ways.
An exceptional piece of filmmaking, intricate, elaborate and exuding warmth and wisdom from its every frame.
With a fondness for reflective surfaces and long takes, Hou picks up an everyday situation, observes it from various angles, gives it a gentle shake, then puts it down again, seemingly without comment.
It's beautifully filmed but nothing really happens in the two-hour running time.
Simply enchanting.
A dazzling, quietly heartrending work.
A magical must-see and a loving tribute to Albert Lamorrisse's 1956 children's classic The Red Balloon...
For the first time, the great Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao-hsien (Three Times, Café Lumiere) has made a movie set outside of Asia. The project, alas, is of little interest.
relying on a muted narrative - tempered occasionally by the twinkling ivories of Aznavour - imbues Flight of the Red Balloon with a degree of naturalism.
For those on the right wavelength...this is magisterial cinema.
A breezy film set in Paris about a busy single parent and her playful seven-year-old son in which a red balloon signals beauty and joy.
Hou Hsiao-hsien's trademark long takes call attention to the passage of time, and as such they're intimately attuned to his ongoing thematic interest in the bonds between the past, present, and future.
Contemplative and at times poetic, but strongest when caught up in the whirlwind of conflicting emotions of Binoche's character, an overworked puppeteer and a mother of a son she mostly leaves in the care of a Chinese nanny.
A work of tremendous precision and heartfelt emotion, made by one of the great artists in the medium.
This eloquent study of loneliness and postmodern drift likely will be received with more admiration than rapture by the helmer's followers.
The imagery of the classic movie, where a spirited red balloon wafts unpredictably over Paris, never even attempts to reach a metaphorical height, nor does it even engage us compositionally.
Paying tribute to the 1956 French classic, and containing lyrical moments and graceful stylistic touches of its own, Hou's first French-language feature is better than his first foreign foray, the Tokyo-set Cafe Lumiere.










@highlight

Hou Hsiao-hsien's remake of the 1956 classic is unhurried, contemplative, and visually rapturous.