The actors are compelling. And Director Edward Zwick inflects the material with his trademark mix of moral zeal and high adventure, as in previous epics like Glory, Legends of the Fall and Blood Diamond.
Zwick wants to tell timeless stories on a grand scale. I know that's not what people want anymore. I know it's not breathtaking. But it's not something many are doing now, and definitely not doing it this well.
Zwick does not deal in gratuitous grotesquery or far-fetched metaphor. "Operatic" and "surreal" are not in his vocabulary.
For all its pomp and ruminating, Defiance isn't really interested in drama. It really just wants to entertain us. But it's not any better at that.
Defiance is heavy-handed, but emotionally compelling, engaging and inspiring throughout.
Director Edward Zwick does a fine job presenting the challenges of reality without falling into nostalgia or easy Hollywood heroes.
succumbing to Hollywood cliches at the expense of historical truth
Un drama bélico eficaz que rescata la heroicidad de los hermanos Bielski, protagonistas de un episodio poco conocido de la Segunda Guerra Mundial.
This is not an easy film to watch, as it describes the horrors of war with neither sympathetic nor maudlin touches.
In addition to blowing bunker-sized holes in the concept of Jewish timidity during the Holocaust, it's also a darn good bit of period storytelling.
Doesn't quite live up to its great story. But this well-made, solidly conventional movie will almost certainly send you scurrying to find out more about its little-known heroes.
Defiance is overly long and somewhat disjointed, dragging through an interminable second act that seriously impedes the film's flow and hurts the inspired performances.
The tone is desaturated gravity, the action is smudged, the Old Testament parables subtle as anvils
An engaging and inspirational story about the spirit of survival, bravery and brotherhood.
Good story, but loses its way dramatically long before the finish.
That Edward Zwick made such an honest film about the Bielski brothers is a wonderful gift, even if it is likely to be underappreciated by audiences.
A story that ought to be heartbreaking and ennobling...comes across as little more than ordinary.
Ao tentar romantizar um incidente memorável, Zwick transforma uma história poderosa em um água-com-açúcar repleto de clichês.
Schreiber and Craig make a well-matched pair of bulls. Schreiber's volatility is a nice foil to the taciturn intelligence that makes Craig such a great Bond.
Defiance isn't a bad film at all, it just isn't as good as it could have been.
It's handsome looking, performances are strong and it really is fascinating to see this overlooked story.
Defiance starts shakily but gets steadily more engrossing.
Zwick lets the amazing story of the Bielskis' achievement unfold in a conventional, even old-fashioned storytelling way, and even finds time for a spot of romance...
Zwick's limitations as an action director seem linked to a troubled conscience: he seems conscious of a need to entertain, but worried that his audience will take too much pleasure in the spectacle of vengeance.
It's as though the filmmakers have tried so hard to create an authentic world, it seems to be exactly that: a make believe world.
o Zwick trabaei parapano apo ektyflotika profaneis parallilismoys tis sygkekrimenis istorias me ekeini tis Eksodoy, poy profanos den tis skeftike o Zwick monos toy, o opoios to mono poy epideiknyei synehos, einai i apithanotita toy na epinoisei otidipote
This Holocaust epic deserves a commendation of merit for making us cognizant of an important and often overlooked event.
For all of its flaws, 'Defiance' presents a fresh and engaging view of World War II that's all the more startling because it's based on the actions of a real Belorussian family.
doesn't have nearly enough gunplay to qualify as a full-fledged action extravaganza, but thanks to quality acting and an engaging life-or-death story, there's plenty here to keep audiences satisfied.
In the end it's not the best of the sub-genre and it won't replace "Schindler's List" or "Uprising," but it's a good enough film where Craig and Schreiber shine...
A harrowing story of bravery & survival, Defiance tells it Hollywood-style. Still, somehow the true-story courage bleeds through the at-times hokey formula scripting.
[Defiance] stuffs everything into a tired formula, robs the story of its inherent drama, and makes it dull. [It's] absent of any surprises or subtle characterization.
Defiance is an extraordinary story and the production is admirable -- if you have the time and patience to trudge through.
simultaneously encourages us to cheer in the aisles while also recognizing the disquiet that must accompany any moment of violence, not matter how seemingly righteous
Defiance runs for 137 minutes, but that doesn't make it an epic. It just makes it long. Near the beginning, we are informed on screen that Defiance is "a true story." It may be a true story, but it is not truly told.
Defiance is without a doubt the best of the Holocaust themed films from 2008. Unfortunately, that may be faint praise indeed.
A strangely unaffecting story about real heroism in World War II
As a heroic drama, Defiance has its clichés and narrative hiccups, but as an examination of the cycle of violence it's often harrowing.
It's an imperfect film - slow-moving and without much narrative momentum - but it tells an inspiring story, and when it gets going, it's quite rousing.
An interesting story with handsome production values, but full of romantic contrivances and blockbuster conceits. This is the Holocaust at its action-hero worst.
The way Zwick force-feeds his audience emotion becomes laborious.
I felt like these characters were prototypes and not people.
Since nobody ever seems to be a villain in their own life story, personal accounts of historical events, as in Defiance, may often be suspect, and laden with problematic content like biases, grudges, and extreme characters one way or the other.
A belated tribute to some unsung heroes which turns out to be of considerably less entertainment than historical value.
Just like the winter in the movie, the film feels long. The story is amazing, but surprisingly, in the hands of Zwick the film never felt that way.
More than anything, "Defiance" is a celebration of survival against overwhelming odds.
Does the story of the Bielski partisans deserve to be told Hollywood-style, with much melodrama and cliche-ridden dialogue?
The material is engrossing, but the execution is ponderous...
...ultimately does a disservice to the real-life figures that inspired this story.
"Defiance" sometimes is so subtle and well done, you admire Zwick for his reserve and tact. Unfortunately, at other times the movie is so heavy-handed, it can leach into parody.
Earnest yet stubbornly static.
As a piece of historical redress, a great service has been done in bringing this narrative to the screen.
It's understandable and laudable that they desire not to sensationalize the Bielskis, and they've made a worthy film. But their understated approach makes the struggle seem less urgent than it must surely have been.
A documentary would have been the best way to go with this material.
Ultimately, the film celebrates and memorializes the survival of something unthinkable, and a group of people for whom defiance meant, at heart, that they would push against the growing darkness and carry on.
An absorbing family saga, a thrilling combat movie and a backwoods epic that conveys the feel of a frontier-community-under-duress with the vividness of a John Ford classic.
It's difficult, perhaps impossible, to make a gripping 137-minute epic about people standing around under the trees.
Without neglecting the ultimate horror of those years, the film presents a tangible example of potential victims fighting against their oppressors and even achieving victory. And, better yet, it's based on a true story.
Defiance may lack the sort of emotional punch that sticks, but its story of courage and responsibility is undeniably compelling.
Throughout, the people on-screen -- from the Bielskis to the huddled masses they shelter -- feel less like flesh and blood people than stock characterizations designed to forward a specific ideological agenda or plot point of the movie.
It is, all in all, a film as square-shouldered as its leads -- tough-minded, forcibly acted and conventionally spun by Zwick and co-writer Clayton Frohman.
What is puzzling is how Edward Zwick has taken an extraordinary real-life story about a handful of people who defied huge odds, and turned it into an utterly conventional war movie.
The story is inspirational; the movie isn't.
Zwick, intent on correcting the perception of Jews as passive victims, lets the action set pieces overwhelm the more intimate scenes, several of which are already diminished by stilted dialogue.
Ed Zwick has cornered the market on movies about nearly forgotten wartime battles between members of a minority and the dominant culture that's oppressing them.
What the Bielski brothers did in the forests of Belorussia deserves to be remembered and celebrated, but this glossy studio production robs them of life. It's not just new Holocaust stories that we need, but new ways of telling them.
With the possible exception of Valkyrie, no recent movie has gotten less out of a mind-boggling piece of history than Defiance.
The story, in other words, is pure Hollywood gold, full of opportunities for stirring speeches, ethical quandaries, lessons about tolerance and humanity, and violence against Nazis.
a compelling human drama
Powerful, gripping and quite remarkable. Daniel Craig gives the performance of his career.
The minds behind "Defiance" couldn't ruin this remarkable true story. But oh, do they try at times.
Flat and dull, only mildly redeemed by two strong lead performances and the inherent power of its subject matter.
The few closing-credit title cards that give details about the real Bielskis' fate are more engaging than most of the film itself. Now that's sad.
For all its teary, heartfelt melodrama and bloodily chaotic machine gun fury there is very little here to hold on to, and while sitting through all 137-minutes is hardly a chore it's not like doing so has done me any favors.
An admirable, lovingly crafted film that misses the dramatic depth and historical resonance to which it aspires.
{T]here was nothing that would have led anyone to predict the Bielskis could accomplish what they did. That they did so may be the true miracle...
The script hokes up the tensions between the brothers played by Craig and Schreiber, and while they're both fascinating, simmering-kettle performers, they consistently outshine their material.
Parental Content Review
Gigglers may be excused with no prejudice from Defiance, but if you share Zwick's unabashed wonder that such men as Tuvia Bielski (Craig) and his brothers emerge in our species' darkest hours, then you'll find Defiance as rousing and inspiring as t
'Defiance' boasts absolutely stunning battle sequences, fascinating sets and flawless period details.
Zwick's latest film, Defiance, is based on an exceptional true story. Regrettably, the movie is anything but exceptional, and represents Zwick's most disappointing work in more than a decade.
As well-intentioned and earnest as it is lifeless and plodding.
Zwick has once again brought together an intriguing premise and a strong and compelling group of actors and has somehow managed to transform the entire thing into something that is relentlessly flat and banal throughout.
The audience will be moved by the characters' efforts to embrace life and love in the face of such tragedy
The natural world of the forest is for the escapees a sort of Arden where many things are turned upside down.
The resistance drama Defiance just doesn't seem to have anything to add to the swastika overload currently clogging the nation's theaters.
Director Edward Zwick has his formula, and this is no different.
Craig and Schreiber are terrific as the slightly thuggish Bielskis, and they're joined by an able supporting cast that includes Jamie Bell and the wonderful Mia Wasikowska.
It is less Tuvia's and Zus' moral stances and more Craig's and Schreiber's magnetism that makes Defiance a rousing ride.
Defiance is a wobbly stool, a seat propped up by the uneven legs of ethics debate, Holocaust movie and action thriller. Still, the fascination and novelty of Nazi-killing Jews who don't perish in the death camps packs quite the wallop.
For all the film's flaws, this is a war story told with passion about a band of brothers that still has the power to inspire.
The story of Defiance has all the makings of a deep emotional experience, but I found myself oddly detached.
Plays at times more like a soap opera than what it really is, a story that more of the world deserves to know.
Zwick thrives on these sorts of historical action flicks, and he pumps the adrenal glands throughout.
The actors' way of reveling in their stagey gestures, sooty makeup and silly accents becomes increasingly pitiable.
Skilled hiding isn't very exciting, so for the sake of the audience, Zwick carefully incorporates some hyped-up action standoffs, the last being an unfortunately laughable stretch of credibility.
As corny and downright flirtatious as this 'Holocaust drama' gets, it's still a vivid and heroic look at a side of that tragedy that we haven't seen before.
Defiance bogs down in a not very well-developed script. It's a repetitive stop-and-start action film, and Tuvia and Zus don't have enough layers.  But they do kick ass charismatically.
It's an affecting production, which is as much a credit to Zwick's professionalism as to the freshness of his subject. 'Defiance' has the rare distinction of tackling the Holocaust from an angle previously unexplored.
Zwick's epics (Glory, Legends of the Fall, The Last Samurai) have never lacked for propulsive power, but Defiance is the first to constantly stumble over itself even as it tries to get its tale in gear.
The story is made a little idealized, but this is a chapter of history that has rarely been explored before.
A little sentimentality can fuel a lot of action, yet Zwick buries his film in cloying guilt, in the end sinking "Defiance" with the holocaust film's bait.
Zwick's compulsion to turn an important story into audience-friendly entertainment is much more effective than the strained seriousness of his last film.
Not just another Holocaust story, this is a gritty, poetic film based on the true saga of Jewish refugees who fight the Nazis while living in the frigid woods of Belarus.
Gets by with a solid traditional mounting and a healthy interest in the dynamics of a growing micro-community.
Is Edward Zwick the dullest filmmaker in America?
Much of it reminded me of those well-intentioned, ingenuously performed school Holocaust programs like Survivor and The Wall where the actors emote like it's a grand ole mitzvah.
The words and characters look great on paper, but lose their authenticity on screen.
The film ties itself in knots trying to be both historical account and ripping adventure - 'Schindler's List' by way of 'The Dirty Dozen'. In the end neither aspect satisfies, resulting in a drab if diverting Sunday afternoon spectacle.
Manly virtues, melodrama, conflict and combat are all deployed to tell a fascinating, little-known story of remarkable WWII heroism.
I can understand why the film demands to be treated with the utmost respect. It is haunting, impressive and moving. But ultimately it looks, smells and feels too familiar.
Defiance makes a noise but leaves no echo. It feels progressively more bogus and less significant the further it recedes from view, and myths are meant to wax in the memory, not wane.
Zwick's films (Glory, The Last Samurai, Blood Diamond) are always well-mounted, in their pedigreed and worthy way. But they nag away at us like pious busybodies, and this is no exception.
Shot in the wilds of Lithuania and strewn with dramatic battles of all kinds, this epic, Band of Brothers-meets-Exodus adventure is solid stuff indeed.
An amazing true tale is somewhat diminished by second-hand storytelling: entirely admirable, largely entertaining, and yet curiously hollow.
Zwick's weighty pacing moves forward in a monotone hum with no sense of highs or lows. And so it goes, with one misstep after another.
"Jews don't fight!" mutters a Red Army soldier. "These Jews do!" says another admiringly. Great pitch, largely undone by stilted, solemn direction.
It isn't all it might have been, but it's still a gripping yarn, intelligently crafted, worth seeing. And Schreiber is superb.
A solid film that rouses simply because the story is so incredible, while Bond star Craig is a charismatic presence throughout.
Craig, Liev Schrieber and Jamie Bell give moving performances but not amazing ones. And so it's a case of better luck next time, Mr Craig.
A stirring story ends up being lost in a stir of clichés and designer desultoriness.
Defiance remains a fantastic story. No one could doubt the sincerity of its telling. What Defiance lacks is simply an ability to make it come fully alive.
An epic scope weakens what's actually a gritty, intimate drama about survival. But it's a terrific true story.
Emotionally robotic and superficially deliberate.
[T]here isn't a lick of phony sentimentality, not a moment that rings false. It even manages to make us feel as if we haven't seen much of this before, even though we have.
For Daniel Craig the world of Bond could not be more far away: if his East European accent wobbles at times to Liev Schreiber's more authentic vocal, he looks the part of a man who can both kill and care.
Enjoyable, well-acted and impressively shot wartime drama that reveals a remarkable true story, though it's at least 20 minutes too long and outstays its welcome before the end.
The story needed a new twist.
Of all the Holocaust movies this season, this one's worth seeing.
It's a pretty good movie -- a bold, uneasy mix of romance, political debate and vigorous action.
The picture offers the most moving account we've ever had of how an ordinary, rather disagreeable man, challenged and then electrified by catastrophe, grows into a great leader.
Brave brothers risk all in brutal, graphic WWII epic.
Defiance plays more like an action movie than the award-worthy prestige film the studio is making it out to be.
Pretty much the textbook example of a Year-End Prestige Studio Drama.
Despite all the resources brought to bear -- strong cast, ambitious scale, impressive logistics, dense detail, fine cinematography -- the production seldom makes the leap from elaborate play-acting to authentic drama.
It's finally happened: Red Dawn with Russian Jews. You could go your whole life without conjuring something so perverse.
Historian Nechama Tec's factual book "Defiance: The Story of the Bielski Partisans" provides the basis for an underwhelming war film done in by miscalculated episodes of violence and inept dialogue.
The problem is the screenplay, which has weak, unforceful dialogue and tends to substitute dramatic events for characterization.
Occasionally schmaltzy, to be sure, but Schreiber makes a surprisingly awesome Rambo stand-in.
Zwick is a terribly consistent filmmaker, and he's done yet again exactly what he always does. Defiance is technically accomplished, and fumbles its story right from the word go.
an interesting story, sporadically told in an interesting way.
Defiance isn't afraid to stand apart.
Defiance plods where it should soar, but it's still the best of this month's four (!) Holocaust movies -- if for no other reason than it confronts the common belief that European Jews didn't actively resist the Nazi onslaught.
It's an unusual and important story. Which makes it even sadder that it's not better told.
Defiance groans under the weight of its deadly earnestness: it's handsomely mounted yet strangely inert.
As in The Siege, Courage Under Fire, The Last Samurai and Blood Diamond, Zwick compromises complexity with maudlin formula.
A powerful tale, but one that's done in so old-fashioned, heavy-handed a fashion that it already seems dated.
Despite Zwick's penchant for the obvious over subtle, vividly brings to life tough Jewish resistance fighters against the Nazis who saved Jews in a Jerusalem in the forest.
Frequently pulls viewers out of reality with rousing speeches, close-ups and sweeping camera moves, all distracting reminders that you're watching a movie.
if there's one instance of the road to perdition paved with fat budgets and good intentions, it's Defiance, or, as I prefer to call it, Custersky's Last Stand in Belarus.
Defiance comes alive in its quieter scenes and smaller details.
Craig and Schreiber are two excellent actors, and both of them connect strongly with their roles as well as their fierce rivalry.
Defiance resists bold, passionate storytelling and delivers something rather conventional.
Edward Zwick's stiff, musclebound new movie tells the true story of the Bielski partisans, who fought the Nazis and rescued hundreds of Jews through the darkest years of war and genocide.
It's too bad that Zwick didn't feel secure enough about what's best about Defiance -- the action-packed scenes of armed resistance against Nazis -- and found himself trapped in the archetype of the serious, self-aware, Important Holocaust Drama.
Ultimately, the film works not just because of the character arc it provides for its main character but for its ultimate theme of the triumph over adversity.
Just one long ridiculous string of moviemaking cliches that prevents the film from having any of the desired impact.
Smacks every clichéd note with maximum gusto.
Recreating true events, this rousing, impeccably lensed World War II drama depicts Jewish partisans battling Nazis in the woods of Belarus, with Daniel Craig and Liev Schreiber outdoing themselves as heroic fighters.
It's an inspiring story, if one that doesn't need quite as much poetic inspiration as Ed Zwick's movie insists on giving it.
It's earnest and intense but it's a shame they didn't tell - as Paul Harvey would say - the rest of the story.
An action-oriented drama about members of a Jewish resistance movement hiding from and fighting the Nazis in Belorusssia during World War II.
A respectable shot at a Holocaust story with uplifting qualities and plump moral questioning, Defiance is a handsome production, just not an especially inspiring one.
Defiance is not so much a cohesive film as a series of interchangeable, broadstroked scenes--a movie on loop.
Comes off as flat as latkes.
Defiance doesn't go beyond the usual tales of valor and virtue, managing to make an amazing true story feel like yet another dry history lesson.
Whatever its shortcomings, the film should be seen as a testimony to the true story of Jews who lived in a Belarus forest for years during the Holocaust.
As solemn as a bell toll and nearly as dull.
Not an easy movie to criticize, but here goes.
Undercuts its own dramatic concerns by alternating heavy-handed moralism with the style of contemporary action franchises, dulling and smoothing out the horrifying edges of murder.
Zwick's sedate storytelling tone doesn't seem to be coming from the same source as his "Blood Diamond" or "The Last Samurai." Perhaps he thought he was making another "Schindler's List."
In trying to add a new chapter to the long history of films made about the Holocaust, Defiance can barely move a narrative muscle without bumping into another, better movie that covers some of the same ground.
Passionate if prosaically rendered.
A potentially exceptional story is told in a flatly unexceptional manner in Defiance.
Craig heads a good cast in a largely unknown WWII tale of siblings who created a commune of warriors that contested the myth of Jews as passive victims, and while the subject is intriguing, Zwick's helming and film's execution leave much to be desired.






@highlight

Professionally made but artistically uninspired, Ed Zwick's story of Jews surviving WWII in the Belarus forest lacks the emotional punch of the actual history.