... you can pretty much figure out what will happen mere minutes into the film. Where's the suspense in that?
The filmmakers want to mix comedy and thrills, but they never really hit the mark with either.
self-consciously trashy, trope-happy inanity that is relentlessly entertaining and rather forgettable - as though the viewer too has been subjected to an alien mind-wipe.
We root for the aliens by default.
The Vicious Brothers have some fun with what's essentially a slasher movie featuring homicidal aliens.
There's nothing at all original, engaging, stimulating or thought-provoking (for all of these, see Invasion of the Body Snatchers) within its frames.
If the whole premise of Extraterrestrial sounds familiar, that's because there's hardly an original idea in the whole film.
Derivative and cynical, the feature squeezes out a few effective moments, but the rest is poorly managed and rarely terrifying.
Everything about it is meant to either raise or lower your expectations.
"Extraterrestrial" never settles into a groove, and therefore never becomes more than a collection of effectively icky scenes.
"Extraterrestrial" takes the well-worn concepts of space-creature marauders and doomed party-hearty cabin weekenders and opts to fling the litany of horror and sci-fi clichés at you in the manner of monkeys well armed with dung.
"Extraterrestrial" feels like a wish-fulfillment project; perhaps less self-indulgence was in order.
If aliens travel thousands of light-years to terrorize you, the least you can do is put them in an exciting movie.
It's in the final act that the pic becomes more ambitious and interesting, though not quite enough to lift the whole from decent-time-filler status to something more inspired.
A good, old-fashioned alien-encounter picture.
A movie of pure, undigested clichés, set to a generic pattern of jump scares and fake-outs.
I kept holding out hope it would reveal itself as a parody in the 11th hour.
A knowing mélange of recognizable genre tropes bordering on shopworn cliché, with little else introduced to the equation to justify its existence.
A hackneyed, seen-it-all-before tale that has grown somewhat tired in contemporary cinema.
Extraterrestrial might win you over in variety and execution - that's "execution" in both meanings, as the film improves markedly once its unappealing cast starts becoming chum for E.T.s.
Once Extraterrestrial gets gruesome and starts delivering the mayhem, there's certainly some fun to be found here.
Extra-terrible, more like.
An enjoyably cheesy B-movie containing some unexpected twists and a good few laughs, intentional and otherwise.
A riotous hybrid of alien mayhem and cabin-in-the-woods horror, this movie has a playful tone that makes it thoroughly entertaining.
Utterly empty. It's aware of the tropes of the new mythos of alien abductions, but makes no attempt to find anything even the slightest bit fresh in them.
Minihan and Ortiz trundle out the same old storyline: creepy things in the woods, camcorder found footage - and abductions by aliens who prove that everything you've heard about their anatomical-exploratory procedures is 100% correct.
A blunt picture where everything feels borrowed from earlier, better films.
This all-too-familiar assemblage of dumbed-down flotsam and campy jetsam from far-better sci-fi films is filled with cliched predictability.
Extraterrestrial is an untaxing albeit regularly clichéd watch, but still a fun dose of sci-fi horror, even if the search for a truly great modern alien horror goes on.
The exact midway point between Steven Spielberg and Ed Wood, this a cheerily obvious schlocker that will please B-movie purists.
When the lead actress is introduced with a leering close-up of her scantily clad backside, it's safe to say that character development was never a top priority.
Minihan's direction is assured and slick and it's nice to see some oldschool aliens rock up on screen.
Revelling in its B-movie conventions to little dramatic effect, this intergalactic slasher is often unintentionally hilarious.
There's no denying it's a nice change from the usual supernatural shenanigans, but the characters, actions and denouement leave a bit too much to be desired.
Extraterrestrial harkens back to a time when sci-fi movies could be both fun and horrific, finding success thanks to the Vicious Brothers' "no holds barred" filmmaking mentality.
[It doesn't] further the alien sub-genre, which as far as I'm concerned, is dead.

@highlight

Extraterrestial does deliver a certain amount of gory genre thrills, but they're outweighed by the crushing clichés of its sagging script.