The visually aggressive scenes and long silences are part of [Christian] Petzold's style and the director knows how to get the most out of them. [Full review in Spanish]
A well-crafted and well-acted reworking of the classic noir film The Postman Always Rings Twice.
Petzoid takes the Cain themes of lust and duplicity and twists them into a reflection on modern Germany, where nationalism and loyalties and identity and economics are jumbled and thrown into confusion.
Isn't startlingly new, but it's a nice twist on a familiar formula, and should satisfy anyone who wants to see the postman, as it were, ring yet again.
A taut, German-made thriller, Jerichow adds a bit of European xenophobia to the pulp traditions of passion and betrayal.
Jerichow is not the masterfully complex work that Yella* was, but it's very tightly constructed and made, showing in some ways Peltzold's maturity as a filmmaker.
This is a movie made by and for adults, and adults should consider seeing it.
This swift, skillful film builds to a closing image that leaves you with what they call the wow factor on Top Chef not just because the finale is so shocking but because it is also so shockingly inevitable.
This is silly romance. It's sillier suspense. But I'm not above saying I enjoyed it.
It's easy to compare Jerichow with the films of The Postman Always Rings Twice, with the grimy gas station owner, the sexy wife and the rugged drifter, but people have a way of not behaving according to their superficial qualities.
So compact and controlled is this fine film.
How do you say 'Three's a crowd' auf Deutsch?
The ironic denouement doesn't match the fever pitch of the build up. But . . .the walls of Jerichow fall down just from the heat Fürmann and Hoss generate.
A taut, character-driven and intelligently crafted thriller with a strong and radiant performance by Nina Hoss.
A modern-day, Teutonic Postman Always Rings Twice? Yes, Jerichow is just that, but minus the needed passion or suspense.
Viewers will be drawn in by Jerichow even if they aren't familiar with Cain's tale and the other movies it spawned.
Petzold, who has a crisp style and sharp sense of the visual, is too talented and imaginative to allow his film to become predictable.
There is nonetheless something haunting about this film, a sense of desperation and defeat that seems less like a generic convention than like a genuine insight.
A great modern neo-noir thriller with sparse, tight dialog and passion that boils right through to the final shocking ending.
As we observe Jerichow's three main characters navigate their noirish narrative with a sense of cool detachment it becomes increasingly troubling that Petzold neglected to give us a reason to care.
Jerichow's sparseness, tiny cast, and minimal plot can make the film seem a little elusive, but there's a certain elegance to Petzold's concision, too. He shows all he wants us to see.
succeeds as a tight genre exercise in tone
Marred by the same minimalist technique as "Three Monkeys", another film with a car accident MacGuffin and marital infidelity in the plot.
An exploration of the interactions between an entrepreneur, his attractive wife, and a stranger who share an obsession with money.
Cain's novel, set in Depression-era America, finds a fitting update in the impoverished titular town of northeastern Germany.
By protracting his set-up, Petzold ... achieves and maintains an effective level of intrigue.
We imagine his burning gaze and labored breath behind every wide shot that depicts Thomas and Laura's trysts, providing the sterile visuals with a voyeuristic intensity.
Click for full review
German auteur Christian Petzold's original take on a "Postman Always Rings Twice"-styled love triangle cultivates rich suspense from the degrees of his ethically variable characters.
A provocative way to keep your fullest comprehension abated in a tension of doubt and suspense.
Jerichow is striking proof of the [Germany]'s resurgence as a hotbed of provocative new cinema.




@highlight

Minimal and intriguing, this Teutonic retreading of The Postman Always Rings Twice is tense and ominous throughout.