The Diary of a Wimpy Kid saga continues with this predictably mediocre installment...
Even though this new movie is under another director, it feels very much like the first film. The characters are great, being both relateable and extreme.
Apparently seventh grade doesn't pack as much potential for amusing, scarred-for-life trauma as sixth grade.
The pre-teen cast seems rudderless, without an interested hand guiding them into worthwhile comedic performances.
I'm not asking for Citizen Kane here, but just a wisp of expansion to the characters, an actual narrative that the film can walk down, or just some sort of ambition to the whole project would not have gone amiss.
Maintains the good-natured, playful and zany spirit that made that first movie one of the better non-fantasy-related kid films out there.
A colourful, good-hearted romp with some memorable set-pieces and decent lines, crisply directed by David Bowers.
It's an episodic film, rather less interesting than its British director David Bowers's earlier work as an animator in Britain and America.
Essentially a feature-length sitcom episode, but it's often laugh-out-loud funny, and it respects its young audience.
A U-certificate adventure that all of the family can enjoy together, with some cute little bits of animation thrown in for good measure.
For a family entertainment this isn't at all bad.
It is a bit of a stretch at an hour and forty, but nonetheless this is great fun and a strong opener for the summer's family movie season.
There are momentary shafts of something like wit within this slightly bland mix...
I am giving this film four out of five stars because they made some changes to the storyline, but it is still awesome.
More entertaining than its lacklustre predecessor but has the feel of a straight-to-DVD film.
Greg's screen adventures are too sketchy (hampered by their diary-format origins) and the acting too patchy (hands-up Steve Zahn's cartoony dad) for the film to be any more than a passable half-term diversion.
Not every sequel is a cynical rip-off of innocent moviegoers, and here's the welcome proof.
Funnier and faster than its charming predecessor.
If you think that people falling over is hilarious - and let's face it, most kids do - then you'll love this film.
A release aimed at the half-term crowd, but accompanying adults will find plenty to enjoy, too.
Feels more heartfelt, funnier, and a little less gross than the first film last year.
An entertaining movie that's almost old-fashioned in its innate ability to charm.
The pre-teen angst, sibling squabbles and broad comedy should guarantee that it goes down well with five- to ten-year-olds.
Sidelines its best character, fails to deliver on its emotional moments and is depressingly light on actual laughs.
Most of the kids continue to irritate and, for a comedy aimed at youngsters, the laughs are woefully scarce.
Basically a child-friendly Superbad.
More of the same for a good-enough kids' film series. But Bostick's vim and vigour help, and the balance of message with entertainment is less clumsy than you'd fear.
This movie harkens back to the days of live-action Disney films that actually withstood the test of time because they were silly enough to entertain kids, but also intelligent enough to keep their attention.
No matter how large the projector, you can't get the television feel out of this "Diary."
The film is funny and lively enough (particularly when the visuals are switched to Kinney's famous stick-figure illustrations) to win over any newcomers to the fold.
While the film is a tad mushier, there are still enough gross-out moments to please.
Not as clever or as fun as its predecessor, 'Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules' is a typical sequel: a weaker incarnation of the first movie.
It's all good-natured enough, except for a weekend at Grandpa's retirement village which is truly cringe-making, but it can all be seen on TV any night of the week.
There's little appeal here for those outside the film's nine-to-thirteen-year-old target demographic, but parents needn't flee in terror if they're dragged along either.
If you have hair anywhere on your body below the neck, you've got better things to do.
This Wimpy Kid not much fun.
Kinney does a good job of remembering and portraying these childhood traumas.
Smart, funny, with a wonderful cast and sweetly honest at its core.
This series' main character seems to be turning mean.
... no great surprises, but no disappointments either ...
It is hard to have any opinion more energetic than "mostly painless".
Wimpy Kid's filmmakers have gone off-book, so to speak, to inflect Greg with a surprising cruel streak.
The actors make the most of it, and director David Bowers (Astro Boy) keeps the gags coming at an ADD-appeasing pace. What this wimp lacks, however, is heart.
There's something to be said for a movie about kids in which soda pop is a preferred party beverage and a conga line is the evening's highlight. That something is "good, clean fun," although you can drop the first and third words of that description.
A movie about teens with no sex, drugs or alcohol - what an amazing concept!
This 'wimpy kid' is mean and selfish. I hate that this can pass for 'family entertainment.'
Wimps still rule in this upside-down universe where it's cool to be square!
if you've got cable you can already get all that Wimpy Kid has to offer elsewhere, so why waste your time and money on it?
There's little ingenuity, and from a technical standpoint alone this might as well have been made for television for all the imagination that's sadly on display.
Improves on its predecessor...[but] remains resolutely and blandly innocent, with Plainview a kind of kiddie-cable-sitcom, time-warp fantasyland.
The Diary of a Wimpy Kid series might more aptly be titled Diary of a Wimpy Family.. The film sequel is more engaging than the original was because it spends more time at home.
Rather than make you smile and delight once more in the joys of childhood, this thudding family offering leaves you with a headache.
Joyfully scabrous.
The physical comedy will have the typical 10-year-old and some grown-ups cackling with glee.
A bungled sequel to the original snappy comedy.
As portrayed by Zachary Gordon, Greg lacks ... charm and spontaneity ... No real sparks of mischievousness or bone-deep embarrassment or endearing flush of affection light this kid up.
I hate to put down any effort to reach children and young teens with a positive message. As bad as I feel, I must be honest. This one just doesn't get there.
"Rodrick Rules" might not be high art, but it is a perfectly sound kid's movie.
Overall, it's fast, funny, and effective and will probably please fans.
If you're old enough to see how contrived it all is, you're old enough to skip this and seek out something more entertaining at the movies.
Rodrick schools his brother to always lower people's expectations. The film succeeds ... in doing just that.
Some of the gags may be very childish and a few plot points not entirely believable, but overall, it's hard to keep from unleashing your inner child and enjoying this film.
Although this is basically 'Malcolm in the Middle' style material it's largely entertaining and harmless fun, especially for its target audience.
A peppy, energetic but not overly cloying tone aligns nicely with a clutch of lively and engaging performances in this smart, heartwarming family film, which skates by on the relatability of its serial public humiliations.
The problem doesn't really lie in the acting but in the writing. There's too much effort expended on making the kids cute and cuddly, instead of plausible.
A movie for those who download Justin Bieber songs and have to come home when the street lights turn on.
Seventh-graders are far cooler and more anarchic than depicted in this often-dopey movie, which is aimed at more of a fourth-grade sensibility.
Somehow feels even thinner than the black-and-white line drawings that fill Kinney's books and are used here in the title sequence.
It's not quite as good as the first one, but it has a similar spirit.
Inane and exasperating and hard to watch.
The fact remains that Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules is as uninspired a comedy as its predecessor.
A faint shadow of the original.
None of it amounts to belly-aching laughs, but Rodrick clicks in much the way A Christmas Story became a cult hit, by viewing the world through the eyes of an ordinary kid.
Rodrick Rules marks an improvement on the original Wimpy Kid, but it still has a mean streak a mile wide.
They've wimped out.
For the most part this is a collection of set pieces that movies have served up many, many times before.
Sequels, like younger brothers, often struggle to form their own identity. Happily, this hotly awaited follow-up to last year's hit adaptation of Jeff Kinney's wildly popular Wimpy Kid book series establishes its own charming reason for being.
I didn't laugh much, nor did my 10-year-old companions, but nobody had their soul crushed by the experience. This is the film industry's Hippocratic oath: First, crush no souls.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules is full of lively slapstick.
Shifting from the original's focus on the experiences of Greg Heffley (Zachary Gordon) at the ignored-runt end of middle school to domestic tyranny at the hands of his bullying big brother (Devon Bostick, a fledgling Jeff Goldblum) is ill-advised.
About the most you can say for it is that it's inoffensive, which isn't necessarily what you want in a movie about the humiliations of being a seventh grader with a bullying older brother.
Director David Bowers keeps things peppy and brightly lighted, but the movie's swiftest pleasures come from moment-seizing cast members...
A more conventional outing than its predecessor, but actually a more likable picture, even if it's of no more than cable-TV quality.
The problem, as before, is that it's rarely as lively and funny as it should be.
The smart dialogue and kid's-eye-view of the torments of school life remain as satisfyingly amusing as the first outing, but this Wimpy Kid is slightly off-kilter.
Here's a tween comedy you don't have to be a tween to enjoy.
stars Gordon and Capron are one of the few reasons to endure this otherwise cutesy take on pre-pubescence
Lacks much of the mischievous, subversive appeal of last year's debut film...
Credit Bowers and company, finally, for making some good calls about where to follow the leads furnished to them by the book and the first movie, and where to get creative.
It's hard not to watch the Wimpy Kid movies through webbed fingers.
It's still not all that great, but at least this time around lessons are learned and, yes, there occasionally is something to laugh at.
When it comes to structure, pacing and even comic timing, Rodrick Rules doesn't let its audience down. I felt a lot less shafted by it than I do by some movies made for allegedly discriminating adults.
Two strikes and this series is out.
In many ways, what works about "Rodrick Rules" is the reverse of the first film, which found the ethically challenged Greg willing to throw his geeky friends under the bus to improve his social status.
Emphasizes the psychopathic torment to a shrill degree, leaving me to wonder why Greg doesn't simply beat his fiendish brother to death with a pillowcase filled with soda cans.
A somewhat witty kids movie falls victim to sequelitis.
Endearing underdog hero Greg Heffley returns for another year of middle-school humiliation.
This second installment about the chaos of life at home lacks nuance and offers little charm. The formula is pretty much the same



@highlight

Moderately witty and acceptably acted, Diary of a Wimpy Kid 2 isn't much worse than the first installment.