Excellent, no-frills...
An arresting if limited film about the work of the medical-humanitarian group Médecins Sans Frontières, whose volunteer doctors provide emergency aid in some of the world's poorest, wartorn countries.
Honest, beguiling and unpretentious, but not one for the faint-hearted.
Some of the purely medical scenes here will test your capacity for human suffering, but that's a minuscule impression of horrors these doctors face daily in far-flung corners of the globe.
There's a bit of a gore factor here, obviously, but this is mostly a movie about brave people trying to hang on to their hearts while saving others.
The documentary's title makes it sound like a hagiographic look at saintly doctors in war zones, but Living takes off the halos and keeps them off.
With limited resources, the MSF is compelled to fly from crisis to crisis, and there is never any real closure. The film shows us the anger and disbelief of those left behind.
The good they accomplish is clearly dwarfed by the people's suffering, which keeps on going even after the war ends and the mission departs.
Utterly engrossing.
The film confirms it's hard to do brain surgery on a battlefield. But it doesn't take a brain surgeon to think it could go deeper.
An unblinking portrait of the French humanitarian organization and, ultimately, a positive one ... It's a distressing film to watch, but it's not without hope.
Like a good non-fiction film should, Living in Emergency simply presents its observations. Then you get to decide for yourself if you feel bad, glad, mad or willing to add
The true stories and struggles depicted are gripping -- more so than most medical dramas. Collectively, four doctors represent a revealing cross section of Doctors Without Borders volunteers, and provide insights about how the NGO operates.
These doctors are hard on themselves and on one another, and as Living in Emergency chronicles their small triumphs and large frustrations, a larger picture emerges, almost despite the film's avowedly local emphasis.
A portrait of doctors doing the best they can in hellish circumstances that shows them as more human and heroic than ever.
Dynamic, informal and observant yet, while never grueling, it offers a constant provocative contrast between backgrounds of spectacular and beautiful natural scenery and primitive living conditions.
The film lacks focus, meandering along for an hour and a half. Some judicious editing is needed to make the film more urgent.
With limited resources, the MSF is compelled to fly from crisis to crisis, and there is never any real closure. The film shows us the anger and disbelief of those left behind.
The camera is unsparing. Not only does it show graphic surgeries but it keeps rolling while doctors displace their anger at the world on one another.
Gripping, sobering, inspiring stuff.
Rather than spending an hour and a half preying on the guilt of First World viewers, director Mark Hopkins focuses his gaze on the doctors' motivations.
Hopkins rises to the occasion by refusing to make a heroic feel-good film about saving the world one life at a time.
A dynamic portrait of doctors without halos.
"Living in Emergency: Stories of Doctors Without Borders" should be mandatory viewing in every high school around the world.
Documentarian Mark Hopkins does not try to exploit emotions, and he doesn't need to. You're left in the position of one exhausted doctor who asks: how can you not do something when you know so much needs to be done?
Those jumps between missions are confusing, but the in-field kvetching and no-holds-barred shots of wounds make this a vivid dispatch from the frontlines.
Living in Emergency: Stories of Doctors Without Borders takes a rough -- in several senses -- measure of how humanitarian aid works.


@highlight

An unflinching, inspiring look at amazing bravery and commitment, Living in Emergency disappoints only in leaving the viewer wanting more.