It raises interesting issues of image, self-esteem and social pressures, and Rock turns out to be an engaging interviewer.
Though Rock's affable nature and probing comic instincts ensure the tone is always light and jocular, his discoveries are sometimes jaw-dropping...
It's an eye-opener, if a blatantly chauvinistic one: Rock's main beefs seem to be that men have to pay for it, and upkeep of such a coveted accessory is a barrier to intimacy in the bedroom.
Chris Rock hosts this exploration into hair issues in the African-American community, talking to celebrities, experts and hairdressers. What's surprising is that this is such a big issue, although the film isn't much more than entertaining fluff.
All Christopher Guest-allusions aside, this is a crucial documentary about race and gender today.
Despite dozens of interviews and Rock's personal agenda, this isn't the hard-hitting expose it should have been.
Rock fronts this informative rummage through the $9 billion US black hair industry in a style much like his stand-up comedy: hilarious, insightful and charming enough to let him get away with the flammable stuff.
It's just about sharp and funny enough to make you wish it was a bit sharper and funnier.
Though its production values are on the low side and it flounders a little as it bounces from Hollywood to India, overall it's a fascinating, energetic and enlightening film that'll ensure you'll never look at hair the same way again.
...an amiable and mostly funny spotlight on a part of black culture...
Mr. Rock and Mr. Stilson don't beat you up with a tiresome polemic a-la Michael Moore. Never does he put himself at the center of the film, condescend to the audience, or insult his interview subjects regardless of their views...
Superficial doc.
The "Girlfriend, ya gotta see this movie!" of the year for an entertaining and provocative tour of some of the permutations of African-American women with their hair.
Good Hair stands as an informative and entertaining documentary, and one that's pulled off with no small measure of style.
Educates more than it entertains, even though there's plenty of colorful subjects (Chris) Rock could have gently lampooned.
One of the best movies of the year seems to be lost in the Halloween-time shuffle.
Hair-larious!
Despite the padding, there's enough interesting sociological digging here -- not to mention the easygoing presence of comic Chris Rock -- to keep us entertained and even enlightened.
Good Hair...uncovers a multibillion dollar industry relying on misinformation, misrepresentation, and misguided personal opinions about fashion to maintain its beauty salon stronghold.
Unlike most documentaries with a message, 'Good Hair' invites moviegoers to a conversation, not a lecture.
Full of sweetly sardonic observations, the docu-comedy is one of the funniest movies of the year.
Rock sheds new light on this old story through a poignant mix of interviews, investigation and his trademark satire.
Hair is personal. It's also political.
Who would have thought that Chris Rock would make one of the best documentaries of 2009?
... subject is interesting, [the] treatment is entertaining, and the movie has thoughtful things to say ...
Whatever Rock's impetus for exploring the wallet-busting, day-consuming, sometimes chemically dangerous desire of black women to achieve European hair, he's never wanting for laughter.
It's funny, clever and marginally educational. You can tell your friends you went to a documentary without having felt as if you saw one.
Rock is our quick-witted empathetic guide in the film about black women's hair, a topic you might think would be of interest only to black women. You'd be wrong.
It's rich food for thought, though you wonder why little attention is given to the idea that perhaps some women relax their hair because it's easier to style that way, or that elaborate attention to hair is hardly exclusive to black women.
Morgan Spurlock, look lively. Sacha Baron Cohen, watch your back. Chris Rock's bright, wisecracking exposÃ (C) Good Hair is the mane event.
Rock's impressive multitasking pays off in a lively and entertaining documentary about the styling conventions, beauty-product companies and flamboyant hairdressers that make up African-American hair culture.
If you arrive at Good Hair never having thought about the complexities of black hair, bring a notebook. If you are a black woman wearing a weave, bring a tissue.
Good Hair is certainly no arid anthropological study. Rock's queries are loose and quippy, but his instincts are as sharp as an investigative journalist's.
Rock takes aim at the truth and humor of this potent cultural question with a sharp wit and lively curiousity, even if he doesn't pursue vigorously enough its uglier side.
It's an inside look at an offbeat, under-examined corner of American life -- one of the things that documentaries do best, and Good Hair does it well.
Rock imparts a comical look at the desire to keep the natural state of black hair a distant memory. Funny stuff, though a few nuggets of information he stumbles upon introduce a semi-horror film element to the documentary.
Good Hair is a film that will make your head itch to know more.
Some of this, a lot of this, is preaching to the choir. But it's still pretty compelling no matter what perspective you're coming from.
Scattered as it sometimes seems, Good Hair is a real eye-opener...
A surprisingly fascinating subject that...yields lots of laughs.
Good Hair, directed by longtime Rock collaborator Jeff Stilson, is such a rollicking, thoroughly entertaining ride that it's easy to take for granted just how easy Rock makes it look.
In the end, all we're sure of is that vanity makes people do idiotic things.
This entertaining exploration of black hair issues will get your dander up.
The film succeeds as a vehicle for Rock's personality.
It's more TV special material that theatrical release. But thanks to Rock's laid-back humour, Good Hair is also good entertainment.
"Good Hair" rocks! One of the year's best documentaries.
Who defines good? This doc never quite finds the source, but it sure shows us the damage it's done to wallets, egos and follicles.
Rock and his director Jeff Stilson have clearly touched a nerve that was ready to blow.
This movie just does take what seems like a kind of a superficial topic and really does go into it with great depth.
A stylishly-edited, often amusing and funny documentary that's too euphemistic and poorly synthesized to be truly enlightening or revelatory.
The result is a pop documentary in the Morgan Spurlock mode, cheeky and smart without being too serious.
Whether you have good hair or not, there's plenty to appreciate in Chris Rock's rollicking documentary about what goes on when African-American women hit the salon.
Spirited, probing and frequently hilarious, it coasts on the fearless charm of its front man and the eye-opening candor of its interviewees.
Part of the fun here is the way our narrator gets at complicated questions in his characteristically glib way. ... [But] real answers will have to be teased out elsewhere. Good Hair isn't selling anything but a good time.
Should be seen by everyone, especially mothers and daughters, to remind us that all hair is good hair and that beauty is more about how we feel than how we look.
Provocative and funny at the same time...a window into a world most white people (or most people in general) know nothing about, one that is not quite what it seems to be.
I've never been much of a Chris Rock fan, but I was riveted by the on-screen interviews he conducts with celebrities like Nia Long and Al Sharpton, as well as regular folk, to explore African-American women's very complicated relationship with their hair.
Chris Rock's Good Hair is one of those rare documentaries that works on two seemingly incongruous levels at once: It's both social commentary and pure delight.
Rock is not only funny, he's an affable and intelligent host in a documentary that is accessible, breezy and highly informative.
Funny, fascinating docu explores African-American culture.
Parental Content Review
An amusing, poignant and surprisingly candid look at the topic with a disarming Rock coaxing answers and opinions from an eclectic cross section of African Americans.
A wonderfully insightful and entertaining, yet remarkably serious, documentary about African American hair culture.
...a surprisingly in-depth documentary in which a niche subject - black women's hair - turns out to touch upon all type of societal issues from self-esteem and ideals of beauty to economics to sexual intimacy.
In chronicling the permutations of black hair, the filmmaker ends up making a breezy statement on the universality of narcissism.
A generally superb model of how to make a pop documentary
Quite brilliantly, Rock skillfully peeled back archaic layers, opening up a dialogue that could've been volatile. His natural talent made the doc hilarious and thought-provoking, rising above race and gender.
Rock takes his Good Hair job as a documentarian seriously enough to be interesting, but not so seriously that the film groans with earnestness.
A funny, head-scratching doc with a few loose ends.
[Rock] conveys a lot of information, but also some unfortunate opinions and misleading facts. That doesn't mean the movie isn't warm, funny and entertaining.
Chris Rock's deeply funny and very serious documentary about the African-American obsession with straightened tresses.
That many of these hairstyles derive from standards of beauty laid down by white tastemakers is a question that hangs over Good Hair.
[A] breezy, superficial doc.
Good Hair is a raucous and rigorous inquiry into the subject of African-American hair -- the stigmas, the secrets, the shocking price of maintenance -- that gets at universal but rarely discussed truths about black femininity.
A wise and wacky dye-laughing doc about black female high maintenance hair that is no laughing matter, the movie finds a PG-13 Rock channeling Michael Moore, while nearly tumbling into a jumbo vat of processor goo.
Chris keep the action rocking, the beautiful women and not so handsome men in the cast sometimes matching his humor, joke for joke.
Rock never misses a beat and here's hoping he continues the documentary chapter of his career. There's nothing wrong with a little competition for Michael Moore.
The subject matter would still be fairly interesting without Rock's involvement, but the comedian brings a accessibility to the material that no amount of facts and figures can replace.





@highlight

Funny, informative, and occasionally sad, Good Hair is a provocative look at the complex relationship between African Americans and their hair.