The basic elements only amount to a mildly entertaining film.
The tale of a guy who's just a victim of being a jerk, coping with the horrible curse of being good-looking.
Shallow, melodramatic, pretentious and wildly misguided, it's also ambitious, entertaining and rather funny.
Kutcher is a credible and potent leading man with an easy address to the camera. He carries off the movie with some style.
Letting things slide into a sort of low-calorie moral vacuum, Mackenzie hasn't so much nailed LA's culture of skin-deep gratification as produced an advert for it.
The ghosts of Shampoo, American Gigolo and even Alfie (both versions) cruelly haunt the ripe and raunchy frames of Mackenzie's Spread - another "shallow-stud-in-need-of-redemption" movie that pales in the face of its predecessors.
It's deeply moral soft-core porn.
The very impressive Spread deserves to be a cherished gem.
The promising beginning deteriorates into a baffling shambles, with each character changing their entire personality at least once.
Spread devolves into your predictable, well-worn morality tale, and while there are beautiful people and emotional quandries aplenty, what we're really left with is a turgid but flashy romcom.
Surprisingly believable as a preening hotshot - who'd have thought it? - Ashton Kutcher is ultimately undone by a disappointingly moralistic script that can't quite allow his easy-cum, easy-go hedonist to go unpunished.
It's fun when it's at its bitchiest, and Kutcher's astute performance will surprise a few people.
I admired the way the movie avoided the usual romantic comedy happy ending, but the film's bleakness is unlikely to win it many friends at the box office.
Spread is as fluffy as you can get, while you wonder how anyone could fall for someone like Nikki who dresses like a cross between Julian Clary and a far-right thug. Ghastly.
[Kutcher's] not a bad actor, in a lazy, self-conscious sort of way, but he's being propelled through a plot that has no guile, no subtlety, nothing at all, in fact, beyond a barely understood desire to punish him.
As there's nothing to the central character except his supremely selfish lifestyle, when that's taken from him by the inevitable romance and redemption, it's hard to care what happens.
Spread is sleazier than Tiger Woods in a zebra-print tuxedo but amid the flailing boobs and six-packs there's a fair bit of polish, probably thanks to talented young Scottish director David Mackenzie.
A sex comedy with plenty of sex, not enough comedy, and nowhere near enough smarts to pull off its final act attempts at Midnight Cowboy-style pathos.
Allegedly a sex-com, this has moments of charm but the shallow tawdryness of the lead's life choices taints the whole film.
An enjoyable, well written and superbly acted drama that plays like a modern day update of films like Shampoo or American Gigolo.
Ashton Kutcher is unwilling (or unable) to make himself the object of the same judgmental lens through which he has "Punk'd" other celebrities.
...worth a look primarily for Kutcher's magnetic central performance...
The shortcuts are maddening, but so is Spread as a whole. Just because the lead character is an insipid, mean-spirited waste of time doesn't mean the movie has to follow suit.
Spread eventually reveals a gloomy raincloud of a moral meditation about unhealthy lifestyles and self-delusion.
one of those ridiculously shallow movies that finds it smugly cute to depict a worthless, pretty-faced prick taking advantage of women and treating it as a science
Sexy-but-shallow grifter dramedy is too mature for kids.
click to read the full review
Shooting in widescreen while conveying a sharp sense of verticality, [director David] Mackenzie gets us dizzy from the wealth of playthings on display, from swimming pool to private parts.
In certain ways, Spread feels like the adaptation of some lost Bret Easton Ellis novel, before he got into drugs and wild, satiric hyperbole, crossed with a story strand from The Real World. Sorry, that's not a good thing.
Spread's strength lies in its dark, comic undertones but alas, its third act collapses into sentimentality.
The film becomes unintentionally funny when he falls for another hustler (Margarita Levieva) with even less conscience, their grand passion leading to ludicrous behavior and soap-opera dialogue.
Trite but self-important tale of a professional boy-toy in contemporary L.A.,...nothing more than a wallow in old-fashioned melodrama.
The film doesn't quite come off, though lots and lots of clothes do during its randy, random 97 minutes.
There are a few elaborate stedi-cam shots that were pretty outstanding. It's too bad that nothing interesting was happening during these shots.
More sordid and melodramatic than sweet or sharply comic.
Mildly engaging with slick cinematography and a sexy cast, but it's often like its protagonist himself: superficial, shallow, lazy and lacking an emotional core.
Spread falls victim to the old rules of Hollywood comedies.
Although Kutcher deserves some credit for trying to spread his professional wings, it quickly becomes clear that he's in over his head.
A witless homage to Shampoo and American Gigolo that's brain-dead on arrival.
Its formulaic, unconvincing story adds little to the conversation about slack ambition, mutual exploitation and evolving social mores.
A vapid vanity project that swaddles its smugness in the guise of profundity.
Props to Kutcher for going to surprising, painful places. There's something haunted in his portrayal that hits hard and sticks.
The film's biggest problem, though, is that it spends so much time in a vacuous Hollywood demimonde that some of the emptiness inevitably rubs off.
Anyone who has seen the infinitely superior Shampoo will recognize what spreads out before us in Spread.
Mostly Spread feels likes a bungled opportunity.
Spread never generates enough drama to make audiences care about Kutcher's lackadaisical boy toy and the film's laughs are too few for it to succeed as an Ashton Kutcher comedy.
More skin is shown in Spread than in most Hollywood movies. But despite twitches of insight into its characters and their world, Spread refuses go more than skin deep.
We have seen variations of the Ashton Kutcher's type in better films (Schrader's American Gigolo with Richard Gere), and as scripted and helmed, this predictable morality tale is shallow, tepid, and fake.
Spread may not amount to much but Kutcher will change perceptions of who he is as an actor for anyone who sees it.
Ashton Kutcher's stud for sale does a glum gigolo making sex look like awfully hard work, while his current high price tag prey Anne Heche checks into a hospital for genital rejuvenation, don't ask.
It's hard to know where to begin on how awful this is.
Kutcher gives a surprisingly proficient performance as does Heche who is the shining star of the film.
Mackenzie is a consummate stylist, one of British cinema's emerging 21st-century talents, who has displayed a remarkable ability to make interesting movies that get in their own way and never reach wide audiences.
The pic reveals the palpable pressure to resolve matters pressing heavily on a screenwriter who opted for an unsatisfactory shortcut to an ending.
For this kind of film to work it's necessary to like or at least feel sympathy for the characters.
Is there anything soggier than a cad redeemed?
Spread becomes a sloggy, tepid comeuppance tale.






@highlight

Despite occasional detours into surprisingly dark territory, Spread overall is an ineffectual celebration of vacuous Los Angeles high life rather than a deconstruction of it.