Robot & Frank nonetheless feels like a story in search of an emotional pay-off.
Robot & Frank, on the other hand, is a tonic of a film: it's all understatement. The whimsical but whip-smart tone suggests a liveaction version of a Pixar movie
Genuinely funny and, by its closing chapter, heart-wrenching, [Jake] Schreier and [Christopher D.] Ford's debut feature is simultaneously one of the most safely uncontroversial and idiosyncratically lovely small scale sci-fi movies in a while.
Ageing, isolation, broken families, memory and the impact of modern technology are all playfully woven through a smart, comforting narrative that's at once immensely satisfying yet wonderfully unexpected.
I, for one, really hope that the future becomes what it is in Robot & Frank.
Christopher D. Ford's script deftly explores all the film's relationships with knowing good humor, and the action moves along swiftly enough so we never stop to say, "Hey, wait a minute ..."
One of the few movies I've seen where the future is not a dystopic nightmare, 3D-generated phantasmagoria, or otherwise unbelievable peek into a not-too-distant hellworld.
FRANK & ROBOT is a poignant tale of man and machine
While the premise certainly makes it stand out from the sea of dysfunctional family dramas, a cute idea alone doesn't quite cut it.
A slightly futuristic treatise on aging, family and the pitfalls of mechanical screenwriting.
Christopher D. Ford's seamless screenplay provides a light-comedy vehicle that Langella rides to a satisfyingly original, epiphanic finale.
The robot gives an ironic twist to Isaac Asimov's "Three Laws of Robotics", and the movie is highly enjoyably for three quarters of the way.
Explores in subtle and heartbreaking ways how memory becomes a defining part of who were are and where we're going.
Often moving and deeply personal, Robot & Frank is a rewarding - if often underdeveloped - antidote to the plethora of loud and overblown movies that tackle the theme of technology's role in our futures
The film tries to say something coherent about important issues such as the descending darkness of old age but misses the mark with most of them.
A warm drama that drifts into light, goofy comedy, this film is too slight to be a classic, but its subtly sharp-edged script holds our interest and gives the cast something to work with.
A small but perfectly formed tale with plenty to say about the nature of friendship.
The pair's low-key crime spree provides some gentle suspense, but it's the developing friendship between the grouchy ex-thief and the robot that will beguile viewers most.
Despite the amusing premise this isn't funny, moving or eventful enough to merit a trip to the cinema.
Robot & Frank does not quite deliver a killer punch, but it's an engaging, humane fantasy.
Frank Langella forms an engaging double act with a piece of moulded metal alloy in Robot & Frank.
Here's a film with a premise that could have played horrendously in the wrong hands.
A fairly cheap trick towards the denouement aside, this is cutely observed, thoughtful work.
Robot and Frank were electric. The rest? Sheepish.
Enjoyable, well written and superbly acted comedy drama that cleverly blends buddy movies, Sci-Fi flicks and caper pictures into an emotionally engaging film about old age.
Frank Langella subtly provides the heart and soul as the crafty Frank, a game retiree whose disreputable inclinations take the story in a pleasingly unsentimental direction - think Wall-e meets The Thomas Crown Affair.
Frank Langella plays former cat burglar Frank and the 75-year-old actor holds the entire film together with his screen integrity.
An ageing Frank Langella and a disembodied Peter Sarsgaard make for an unexpectedly dynamic double act in this refreshingly unsentimental geriatric drama. Robust and frank.
Jake Schreier's first feature is a slight story - it's maybe something that could have turned up in an episode of the Twilight Zone - but it's also tender and rather charming.
Forget the sci-fi trimmings and sentimental pay-off - this is a gleefully subversive character study of a charming but unapologetic rogue.
It carefully exceeds expectation, helped in no small measure by Langella's wily, wistful lead.
Offbeat sci-fi buddy movie isn't likely to attract teens.
One of the ten best films of 2012.
Despite some moments of surprising emotional impact, as we realize the depth of Frank's condition, the movie is too often mechanical.
The film moves beyond a mere concept and delivers an emotionally significant final product.
It's enough to make you want to hit DELETE.
Ultimately, it feels as though the filmmakers have settled for the soft option one too many times, and the result is a pleasant but unmemorable watch.
More humorous than funny, more charming than truly entertaining.
An enjoyable diversion, a lightweight bit of philosophizing that blends humor with the bittersweet.
First-time director Jake Schreier never forces the gentle emotional undertow that explores aging and dementia, the result being a charming, touching ode to elderly people and the humanist potential of technology.
May be one of the blandest, mushiest non-rom-com films of the year.
I thought he was a grumpy old man and I found the film actually quite unpleasant, that resorts to sentimentality in such a cheap way at the end.
There are also some surprising plot developments that eventually turn the comedy into quite a touching human story. ROBOT & FRANK is a modest but genuinely appealing film.
The final twist is a little forced, but otherwise the actors ensure that the fanciful plot stays grounded in recognisable emotions -- and Langella and Sarandon have more romantic chemistry than most screen couples at any age.
Its darker elements are handled with a light touch that don't allow the film's fantasy structure to become overburdened with self-importance.
Robot and Frank poses those big sci-fi, existential questions but with the bedside manner of a carer.
A subtle, good-natured ride with a gentle bite. Langella gives an exquisite performance as the wily ex-con.
More concerned with the heart than the robotics, Robot & Frank is a buddy movie in which memory is a prized thing. And it's certainly memorable
Simply oozing with charm, this sci-fi buddy movie about a robot and an ageing ex-jewel thief with memory issues has heart when you least expect it, allowing its bittersweet arrow to gently trigger our emotions
Deserves credit for bringing comic fantasy close to sensitive reality
If Miranda July tackled an episode of Tales of the Unexpected the results might be something close to what's on offer here.
Langella provides a formidable central presence, both stubborn and endearing, while Sarsgaard injects warmth and humanity into Robot.
An hysterically funny, breathlessly paced and moving meditation on old age and existence, topped by an award-worthy turn from Frank Langella. One of the year's best.
Jake Schreier and scriptwriter Christopher Ford go well beyond the initial fun of the robot conceit to craft a thoughtful film musing on both the ageing process and our relationship with technology.
A little gem of a movie about aging and obsolescence that is also a very modest sci-fi cautionary tale.
... a marvel of the highest order. Robot and Frank manages to seamlessly blend comedy, science fiction and drama into a film that is hilarious, truly original and utterly heartfelt
This blend of sentiment and genre fancy is not unlike something Ray Bradbury might have contrived for The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction.
Robot & Frank is an airy, engaging flight of fancy. It's also part caper film, part character study, and part allegory about aging. Robot & Frank shouldn't work, but it does.
..never hits the easy and obvious beats of a buddy comedy; there's no sentimental bonding between man and mecha man. Similarly, though it feints toward romance, the relationship ... resolves in an unexpectedly bittersweet way.
"Robot & Frank" is a study of a man who lives with his past mistakes but can't shake how truly alive they made him feel when he was making them, regardless of what they cost him.
Hodgepodge of moods built around an unlikely story of friendship between a man and his service robot, the film carries itself confidently, with occasional moments of significant emotion.
They get the robot right, with fluid movement (by dancer Rachael Ma) and canned warmth in its user-friendly voice (performed by Peter Sarsgaard).
What a weird, winning little movie is Robot & Frank.
"Robot & Frank" hits all the right notes - romantic, fantastic, tragic and sweet.
The chief spectacle here -- and it's a good one -- is Langella in gruff, curdled mode, an underappreciated master actor slipping seamlessly into a bespoke role.
"Robot & Frank" is so endearing it's easy to forget it's science fiction.
There's a warm and poignant interplay between the co-stars.
Langella ... is tremendous.
The movie is sweet and agreeably unambitious, derailed only by an egregious third-act twist.
Frank Langella gives a terrific performance as the second of the two title characters in this modest but heartfelt science-fiction comedy.
There's no denying the, err, chemistry between Langella and his nameless buddy.
Amusing and ingratiating, leaving a bittersweet afterglow
Smart and sweet, Robot and Frank feels familiar while you're watching it yet consistently finds ways to catch you off-guard.
Further proof that sci-fi need not be high-budget spectacle, and can actually do a good little job exploring the human condition, our characters, and our memories.
Frank Langella's presence would be enough to pique my interest in any film. Robot & Frank offers him a modest starring vehicle with a science-fiction spin, and the result is one of the most enjoyable indie films of the year.
It may not seem like an even playing field pitting an actor as powerfully intense as Frank Langella opposite a robot, but that's the game plan behind the waywardly endearing, slightly futuristic fantasy Robot & Frank.
Blessed with artistry bordering on magic, Langella carries the film.
Robot & Frank settles for what it is, a short, slight story, sweetly told and gently and believably acted.
Much of Robot & Frank is (frankly) resistible, including the climactic narrative twist, but there is also a likeable oddness that transcends the sentimental contrivance.
An endearing movie about a human and his mechanical new buddy.
Just about the time that Robot starts to grow on his curmudgeonly client, so may this movie -- a sci-fi fantasia that's surprisingly sweet and old-fashioned -- win over any skeptics.
A bittersweet, quietly hilarious buddy caper that deserves to be the sleeper hit of the summer.
Cold-staring with a black, reflective visor, a robot helps a fading old man to see life, and himself, more clearly.
Turns out to be a hard, funny and realistic movie about the future.
Charming, playful and sly, it makes us believe that a serene automaton and a snappish human being can be best friends forever.
The key to making all of this come together is Langella, who effortlessly conveys the complexity of Frank's anger and confusion even when playing a scene for laughs.
A small, sweet character study that affords Frank Langella another opportunity to shine.
"Robot & Frank" is the sort of undernourished, underpopulated production that indie fans must all too frequently settle for. It's a theatrical feature hell bent for home video.
"Robot & Frank" isn't sure whether it's a comedy or drama, buddy movie or sci-fi fantasy, family melodrama or social satire.
[T]he movie in general is undercut by the crime high jinks.
In a traditionally excellent, subtle performance, Langella embodies a man recapturing his purpose.
A gentle comedy that goes far deeper than its cyber Odd Couple setup implies.
Robot & Frank is the best old-man buddy movie I've seen since Up.
This is a framework that could have benefitted from more irony and complexity, especially with the resources of Langella, but at the end, I felt the movie was too easily satisfied.
Sentimental high-concept fluff that works.
This is Langella's show, and although the story seems slight and straightforward, Christopher D. Ford's screenplay finds more complicated shades of emotion for the veteran actor to explore by the end.
... the real heart of the film is the fantastic performance given by Langella.
Robot & Frank is very nearly a one-man show, a master interacting with a machine.
The director does his best to infuse emotional weight into this rather light and meandering boy toy bonding misadventure. Though with an injection of quite a heartfelt finale that nearly salvages whatever inconsequential escapades preceded it.
Will leave you wishing you could have a robot buddy just like Frank's and feeling like you've truly experienced a part of a person's life, and a part that's well worth experiencing.
A rueful and funny reflection on aging, death, parenthood, and technology.
Unpredictable, smart and sweet, "Robot & Frank" is also entertaining and thought-provoking on multiple levels. I loved it.
It's an amusing set up for a film, and it's given some weight by the interplay between the two characters.
It's Langella's crafty, heart-tugging burglar who steals every scene.
You don't realize how well it works until it's over.
Frank Langella plays so many variations on cute and crotchety and with such suppleness - he's by turns a charming codger, a silver fox and a wise graybeard - that his performance comes close to a saving grace.
When Frank talks to Robot, he is actually talking to Robot, not a computer image, and this seems fresh after the CGI extravaganzas of [the summer].
May be somewhat slight in purely narrative terms, but it has a generous and humane spirit and draws real emotional impact from a most unlikely friendship.
Frank Langella gives a master class in acting in a movie with bracing humor and a dash of heartbreak - just don't expect to be wrapped up in a warm and fuzzy cinematic blanket.
Frank Langella gives a somber, bittersweet performance in director Jake Schreier's odd but ingratiating drama.
A work of power, nuance and daredevil craft, Langella's performance is a reminder that giants still fill the stage, and the screen.
A caper film whose biggest thief is actually the inexorable flow of time..a terrific character study..the always-captivating Frank Langella gets to stretch out a little bit.
Story of the slowly evolving relationship between a mannered robotic caretaker and a cantankerous old man.
...a delicate, contained dramedywith an understated turn by Frank Langella.
The chemistry between the leads of Robot & Frank makes it unique. So what if one lead is a robot (first-billed)? The other is the wonderful Frank Langella.
Human and artificial intelligence coexisting in the most meaningful way.
Essentially a mediocre character study dipped in sci-fi conventions and Social Security-age sentimentality.
It's Langella ... who ultimately props up this borderline schmaltzy character study.
Christopher D. Ford's film is nothing more than a Lifetime movie dolled up in cheap Philip K. Dick drag.
Its irresponsibility redeems it -- it's a raspberry blown against the dying of the light.
[VIDEO ESSAY]...there's much to appreciate in Frank Langella's artful performance opposite an empathetic robot.
This role fits Frank Langella to perfection as he plays away from the obvious comedy in search of greater truths.
This is not just the kind of science fiction that purists always say they want - i.e., the kind with real ideas that uses technology to talk about the human condition - but it's also an emotional powerhouse
One of my favorite films from this year's Sundance. Frank Langella deserves serious awards buzz.
When the film allows itself to slack, it slumps almost irrevocably, and it never quite recovers from an unsatisfying and overemotional middle.
Debuting helmer Jake Schreier, screenwriter Christopher D. Ford and a wry and wily Frank Langella all shine in a smart, plausible and resonant film.
Just when we think Langella's slowing down, that Frost/Nixon might have been his last leading role ... along comes this lovely, gentle film, reminding us once again of his extraordinary talent.
Light-fingered and charming.
Schreier elicits warm performances from Langella and Susan Sarandon, and even from his robot (voiced by Peter Sarsgaard).
Robot & Frank reminds quirk-hardened veterans that an odd premise and big heart don't have to add up to too-precious awards bait.

@highlight

Led by a brilliant performance from star Frank Langella, Robot &amp; Frank works as both a quirky indie drama and as a smart, thoughtful meditation on aging.