Performances are strong, with Cumberbatch at peak charm-he seems to channel Harrison Ford as Han Solo here and Doctor Strange is genuinely funny.
Benedict Cumberbatch gives, above all, a very personal touch to the arrogant doctor... [Full review in Spanish]
Doctor Strange's magical battles turn Manhattan into a concrete kaleidoscope - worth watching on the biggest screen you can find.
What I particularly liked about any elements that this movie adds to the MCU, is that it does so in a way that feels organic.
Buoyed by magnetic performances from Cumberbatch (sporting an American accent!) and Swinton, Derrickson takes exhilarating visual and storytelling risks and carries the genre to new heights.
The way they use magic for fights is where the unique nature of this film lies.
One of my favorite Marvel movies ever.
Benedict Cumberbatch might not fit the leading man profile, but he wears the Doctor Strange uniform well.
While the intricacies of the mystical world can be confusing at times, our introduction to this side of the Marvel Universe makes for a thoroughly enjoyable viewing experience, thanks to dazzling 3-D visual effects.
Doctor Strange elevates yet another relatively unknown Marvel character to top tier status, making it well worth a dizzying watch in 3D.
While sufficiently hitting all the correct targets, the most refreshing addition is how it melds mind-bending, show-stopping, kaleidoscopic visuals with its narrative stakes.
Dr Strange provides an enriching and exhilarating experience.
It's handicapped by performances that are decent but not great, an over-abundance of visual effects that are state-of-the-art but far too familiar, and a storyline that just gets sillier the longer it goes on.
So you just have to take the good with the bad. What works in Doctor Strange works REALLY WELL.
[Tilda] Swinton, I would argue, is the most underrated actor of this generation, and she deserves to be held in the highest of esteem.
When Dr. Strange folds and warps time, energy and space, it becomes a visual feast reminiscent of Inception, but it also visualizes his journey.
Doctor Strange might have a lot of baggage, but more than anything else, it's fun.
The film is bloated and unfunny... and is plagued by a boringly retrograde notion of pan-Asian-ness while conveniently escaping the burden of casting any actual Asians in its principal roles.
Indeed, Doctor Strange's climactic redemption is as spellbinding as it is satisfying. But of course, we know the magic is just getting started.
When Doctor Strange works, it's for the same reasons most of the Marvel movies do: They aren't afraid of humor, and they know what's funny.
Strange is pretty much the same sort of movie we've seen from Marvel Studios ever since Robert Downey Jr. snarked his way through the first Iron Man and into our hearts all those years ago, and the same style of origin Marvel has been delivering since.
Doctor Strange has all the strengths of a Marvel movie-a well-told story, a well-tuned sense of humor about itself, a personal drama to shape the hero's journey-as well as all the weaknesses (conventions of a superhero origin tale are getting repetitive).
The effects are the closest most of us will get to tripping balls in a Disney movie outside of dropping acid and watching "Pink Elephants on Parade" on a YouTube loop.
OK, so Dr. Strange is not as soulful as expected. But in this particular reality, I'll take what I can get.
Doctor Strange's last act is so trippy and exciting that you can almost forgive that generic story.
Though Doctor Strange's impressive visual effects and head-spinning mythology might seem a bit much for Marvel's typical filmgoing crowd, its story is rudimentary enough to keep the more far-reaching elements relatively grounded.
The movie is very much Harry Potter for adults.
[An] underwhelming panel-to-screen Marvel adaptation.
This summer's superhero films may have fallen a bit flat but this one is magic.
Doctor Strange, intended to be a mind-bending, rule-breaking rebuke to the squares of superhero cinema, turns out to be a rebel in name only -- the textbook definition of a bad trip.
Cumberbatch, both a natural comedian and a subtle one, knows how to get a big laugh from nothing more than an arched eyebrow.
The overall experience of Doctor Strange is wonderfully fun... provided you don't try to dig a little deeper.
Doctor Strange is another win for Marvel, and proof that there are some new tricks to be found in superhero movies after all.
A clear example of an amazing and commited cast, that take their work seriously, no matter how silly the premise is. [Full review in Spanish]
For all the talk of alternate dimensions and sightings of a bald Tilda Swinton, Scott Derrickson's film is a sturdy addition to the superhero saga that's been slotting in compatible pieces since Iron Man delivered its first wisecrack in 2008.
Dr. Strange is not only entertaining and absurd. It's also an intelligent film. [Full review in Spanish]
Quite possibly the worst of the Marvel movies...
Strip away the thick rind of make-up and the comedy Hugh Laurie accent, and Strange is exactly like every role Cumberbatch has ever played.
It's not a tremendously rewarding piece of storytelling... But it's dang cool.
My reaction to this movie is mixed, at best.
Strange can do great things by the end of the movie, but he still has a lot to learn before he can take on the title of Sorcerer Supreme - and that should be fun to watch, too.
Brings much in the way of tasty popcorn spirituality to match it's brilliant filmmaking.
Dr Strange isn't just any old superhero, he's not gaudy and violent, he's smarter, he's gentler. He's basically a much nicer Sherlock... in a cape.
Doctor Strange shines not just courtesy of its left-of-centre, franchise-eschewing tendencies, but thanks to lively, engaging and empathetic portrayals.
keeps enough of what audiences clearly crave while also throwing in a few twists that make it feel, if not entirely unique, at least different.
Pops with the type of psychedelic, kaleidoscopic weirdness that'll have you wondering who dosed your popcorn with psilocybin... although it never fulfills the potential of its main character.
Doctor Strange isn't the best film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe canon, but it may be the most creative. (Splice Today)
A film that takes certain aspects from multiple recognizable sources, but adds visual, narrative and dramatic elements that differentiate it from other recent movies of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
A film far more rich, entertaining and intellectual than the promotional trail of glitzy images and ambitious visual effects would have you believe.
This film has a dreamy visual architecture, mixed with a story capable of stimulating even the last fiber of the neurons. [Full review in Spanish]
More of the same is not necessarily always a bad thing. It's just unfortunate that it can't be something new or structurally different.
Cumberbatch is exceptionally good at playing brilliant, arrogant, isolated characters -- look at his Sherlock Holmes and Alan Turing -- and so is right at home as Strange.
The big point of difference designed to distinguish this from other Marvel fare is the visuals.
Just when everyone felt comic-book movies have reached critical mass comes, perhaps, the year's finest tentpole movie.
A worthy addition to the Marvel canon.
Offers just enough plot to inspire the most dazzling eye-candy superhero movie to date.
With Sherlock and The Imitation Game, Cumberbatch has made a specialty out of playing men who are often too intelligent for their own good. Thankfully, he hasn't gotten tired of these roles yet.
With Dr. Strange the Marvel magic seems largely to have run out-which is unfortunate, given the movie's titular protagonist is himself a magician.
A film tinted with mischievous humor and charm, turning it into a singular variant of Marvel's ingenious dramatic world. [Full review in Spanish]
It's Cumberbatch who makes the movie zing. He's sardonic. He's funny. He's buff enough for the martial arts. And he fits into the movie's comic-book world surprisingly well.
Marvel's most amazing and dazzling film, with enough moments that will remain for posterity. [Full review in Spanish]
It delivers a fun and at times even thoughtful new entry in the Marvel cinematic universe.
Benedict Cumberbatch stars as the title character here, and it's a masterstroke of casting. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
It just may be the best example of mind bending visual spectacle since the first Matrix film ...
A visually spectacular film, one of the few blockbusters of the year that doesn't disappoint. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting story with excellent characters and special effects that will make me say a phrase that is already very worn (but true): they do not resemble anything I've seen in this type of movies before. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that seems predictable until it manages to portray complex concepts in an exceptionally elegant way. [Full review in Spanish]
A good superhero story and above average genre, I dare say, and I think it's all due to the splendid decision of selecting Cumberbacht for the main role. [Full review in Spanish]
Much of it takes place in the "Mirror Dimension," an eye-popping universe that M.C. Escher might have imagined if he'd worked with CGI. That, plus a strong story and stronger cast makes this a winner.
Marvel Studio's latest superhero origin story is as polished and as flashy as we have come to expect from this highly successful enterprise. It is a visual feast, especially in 3D.
Buoyantly entertaining.
Not since Iron Man has a superhero movie surprised and delighted like Doctor Strange, after eight years of Marvel glut and DC rebuttals in-between.
Offers more of what's been satisfying in the movies, and something refreshingly different.
Maybe you should book an appointment with Doctor Strange.
Great fun! Doctor Strange has everything you'd want or expect from a Marvel adventure, but it also feels fresh and new.
A beat-for-beat remake of the first Iron Man movie crossed with a Windows 95 screensaver. Doesn't this stuff ever get stale to you people?
A Marvel character fights evil in a mix of special effects and metaphysics.
...a surplus of thrilling escapism inside a movie that clocks in at just less than two hours. You wonder why it took the Harry Potter films eight films to get where they were going.
It's a traditional fantasy journey powered in its own right by a sense of the unknowable and a star turn from Benedict Cumberbatch.
It's a refreshingly weird and a fun addition to the MCU.
"Doctor Strange" is where the welcome wears out, where Marvel's shortcomings take center stage and play a thousand encores.
Lives up to its title, in mostly good ways.
A psychedelic treat for the eye and the mind.
Spectacularly surreal, it's an awesome introduction to a fascinating Marvel character...
A wacky mystical movie from Marvel.
Yes, we've seen remarkable special effects in the past, but the visual effects provided by Industrial Light & Magic and Luma Pictures are, well, magical.
A great score by Oscar winner Michael Giacchino ("Up") and dialogue rife with a sense of humor, coupled with truly spectacular visuals, adds up to what will surely be a hugely popular movie.
It's straight-up Marvel superhero swagger.
Providing a finale that doesn't rely on explosions and drawn-out punch ups, Doctor Strange earns points for being a little different.
Rote storytelling and pesky politics aside, the film does offer its rewards, particularly in Cumberbatch's fine performance, some twisty visuals (many cribbed from Inception), and the occasional dabs of gentle humor.
Dull, talky, derivative, full of the usual CGI cheez whiz. Cumberbatch is the epitome of vanilla.
If it's not great storytelling, at least it's good spectacle, and that seems like the minimum these movies can provide.
Only the '60s could produce a character like Doctor Strange. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Adapts the Marvel character beautifully in to a fun, engrossing, and visually impressive action film all around.
The undisputed stars of Doctor Strange are the kaleidoscopic special effects and glimpses of strange new realities conjured in nearly every scene.
When Doctor Strange works it does so beautifully.
Anyhoo, Cumberbatch. A fine actor and a charming fellow. He smoothly delivers one-liners and bone-crushing astral bowling balls alike.
Action deficiencies aside, Doctor Strange is an amazing sight to behold, and arguably the strongest overall entry in the Marvel canon.
Rest easy fans, Marvel have delivered... again.
It is an entertaining action movie that features a confident lead who takes the role seriously, so you take the story about magic seriously.
Doctor Strange seems to represent the point at which the art of CGI and the discipline of imagining visual images spatially seems to have reached a sublime degree of 3D complexity.
The filmmaking isn't bold enough to fully revel in the strangeness of the source material.
It doesn't take a Sherlock to see that 'Doctor Strange' successfully sends the Marvel Universe spinning in a mystical new direction.
Doctor Strange is the coolest comic book movie of the year. Truth to tell, it's one of the coolest I've ever seen.
Affluent white guy gets knocked down a peg or two, gets rebuked by his girlfriend (Rachel McAdams) when he needs her support the most, has an epiphany at the hands of an (inexplicably white) eastern master, and re-emerges as a superhero: Doctor Peculiar.
From a whiz-bang opening sequence where space folds in on itself as combatants hurl magical fire at on another, to the charismatic, ahem, marvel that is Benedict Cumberbatch in the title role, this action film is a knockout.
There's only one word to describe, in this dismal year for movies, a superhero story that exceeds our expectations: Strange.
Weird, creative and restless, Doctor Strange is a psychedelic and fun ride that mainly satisfies by introducing a new hero to the game and expanding the MCU even more. [Full review in Spanish]
Doctor Strange manages to expand the Marvel Cinematic Universe while also telling a satisfying story in its own isolated corner.
What Doctor Strange possesses is an uncommonly cohesive thematic and visual language for a Marvel superhero movie.
Basically Iron Man with weaker laugh lines and vastly cooler action sequences. It's Iron Man meets Thor 2, and the thing is, those guys have met before.
Even as it closely adheres to the Marvel origin story template, it's the studio's most out-there release yet -- and that's saying something after Guardians of the Galaxy.
...the best 3-D I have ever seen...so good that I actually got dizzy . It's the special effects and 3-D that make this entertaining, certainly not the fantasy or the hackneyed story or anything else.
Doctor Strange is about as weird as any Marvel movie is going to get these days, which is not particularly weird.
Even though the film is Marvel's crowning aesthetic triumph, even though all four of its stars have their game faces on and act their hearts out, even though it's got great humor and spirit, Doctor Strange isn't close to being Marvel's best movie.
Even if the story behind the curtain can't quite equal the visual spectacle, Doctor Strange will put a smile on the faces of casual and hardcore fans alike.
It's not as fresh and sassy as Guardians of the Galaxy, but it is a piquant changeup for fans who have come to find the Avengers series getting long in the tooth.
A mind-bending, exciting, funny, and, yes, strange adventure, that ranks among Marvel's best, and as a superhero introduction film is second to only 2008's Iron Man.
The Marvel Comics movie universe gets a bit bigger, though not appreciably better, with Doctor Strange.
'Doctor Strange' is a lot of fun, but it's also unquestionably the most eyeball-popping comic book movie to come along, even being worthy of paying for the 3D upgrade.
Can the "wizards" behind those DC Comics movies please take notes while watching Doctor Strange?
Visually, this is a hallucinatory wet dream. However, like the character in the film, Doctor Strange offers a spellbinding exploration of what lies beyond the stars yet lacks the proper mastery of the mystical concepts it introduces.
...a superhero blockbuster, from the Marvel Cinematic Universe no less, for people who usually hate superhero films.
Cumberbatch, ever smoldering, takes it all in stride, managing to transform from self-serving sadist to selfless hero while maintaining a sense of command and confidence.
The probability of the good Doctor returning in a sequel would seem the surest of sure things.
...viewers will likely find themselves amused by "Strange" rather than moved.
Marvel's "Avatar," the "Inception" of comic book adaptations.
There's a bunch of mumbo jumbo about sorcerers and whatnot, which weigh down the screenplay like an anchor.
Kevin Feige pulled on his hyper-blade express shoes and dashed for the room...
Marvel's most visually unique film sticks to successful franchise formula.
If only the same care that has gone into its visuals were put in the rest of it, Doctor Strange could've been a trippy, psychedelic adventure, and not a middling entry in a 14-film-old franchise.
Well-cast with dazzling visuals and production design, but somewhat dull, and it lacks enough surprises and wit to escape its mediocrity. It's lucky to have Benedict Cumberbatch who rises above the material with his charisma.
There's never been another comic book film remotely close to the Doctor Strange experience and I can't wait for the doc to make his next theatrical house call.
Doctor Strange is the weirdest Marvel film so far-and that's a good thing. But while the CGI effects are impressive, the character development is insufficient.
Just the right balance between consistency and distinctiveness, between action and wit, and, perhaps the most difficult hurdle, between magic and superpowers.
It's a slog of exposition but offers glimpses of better sequels.
See it in 3-D IMAX, people, and you're in for the hallucinatory headtrip of the year. And having Cumberbatch around really raises the bar on what's possible in comic-book fantasy.
Through outstanding casting, splashy visuals, and some unexpected (and welcome) wit, [this] is easily the best of comic book movie of the year.
Doctor Strange has a dazzling, kaleidoscopic palette that compensates for the usual thin-ish story featuring A-list actors zapping one another, along with a hero who looks fearsomely witty even in repose.
For a film that has promised diversity and wanting to move from harmful Asian stereotypes, this movie fails to bring in people of color in a meaningful way.
Doctor Strange is a solidly enjoyable superhero romp, one with the zippiest effects you are going to see this year. I just wish it was a little... stranger.
The crazy, tilted world glimpsed in the trailers is one of the most fascinating and immersive comic book-inspired film environments ever created in a live-action movie.
Aside from the dazzling eye-candy, this is a pretty thought-provoking movie.
Doctor Strange is crowd-pleasing and exciting -- funny when it should be, sober when it has to be and crackling with a magical mystique that adds a veiled layer of depth to the inner workings of the Marvel universe.
For a long while Doctor Strange works both sides of the spiritual street with spectacular success. Then the film becomes what it was sending up so delightfully.
Marvel's Doctor Strange is as surreal and psychedelic as a blockbuster movie is likely to get -- and is the best introduction to a new superhero Marvel Studios has ever created.
An extremely entertaining and sure-footed adaptation that manages to conjure more than enough magic to easily pass its spell check.
Even with the fate of the entire universe at stake, Derrickson keeps the tone appealingly light and jokey, and Cumberbatch's Strange isn't so cynical that he can't thrill at discovering his spectacular capabilities ...
It's a mostly successful and visually dazzling introduction for the wizard, who fits in comfortably with the ongoing brand name world-building, making him a welcomingly oddball avenger.
There are some genuinely stupendous action sequences here.
Is this film enjoyable? Yes. Is it the kind of film you can fall in love with? No.
McAdams costars as Strange's fellow surgeon and former lover, and her lively scenes with Cumberbatch are worth all the digital effects and then some.
The worst thing you can say about Doctor Strange is that it doesn't aim high enough.
Doctor Strange is Marvel's most visually splendiferous movie yet.
Defiantly not your everyday Avengers movie, Doctor Strange instead inhabits the same franchise universe with an outré panache.
Playful and distinctive enough to throw a wrench into the grinding gears of the Marvel assembly line.
As a Christian allegory, director Scott Derrickson's entry into the Marvel Cinematic Universe is impressively thorough...As a movie, it's silly, sloppy, and spectacular.
Doctor Strange tells a standard tale with just enough cleverness to keep the viewer interested.
The mystical settings that this "sorcerer supreme" navigates make for exhilarating sensory overload, powerfully expanding on classic visuals from pioneering Marvel artist Steve Ditko. The upshot: The movie develops a distinctively trippy identity.
Cumberbatch grounds the material even while levitating.
Not strange enough; it has plenty of CGI magic effects, but lacks the cinematic magic that would set it apart from the other franchises in Marvel's increasingly crowded stable.
All in all, "Doctor Strange" is a fun and trippy excursion to a place where Marvel rarely seems to go: that is, to the retinal roots of the comics.
It is, indeed, strange - and that's a good thing.
Doctor Strange rules the Marvel Universe. A fully realized character with dimensions. Bravo to the thousands who created the astonishing visuals.
Marvel Studios' nearly endless winning streak continues.
With a mischievous, metaphysical flourish, "Doctor Strange" administers some much-needed CPR to the flagging superhero genre.
In the matter of "Dr. Strange," two words: Big. Fun.
'Doctor Strange' is another winning entry for Marvel. It will not disappoint fans, and those not familiar with the comic book or the character also will find the movie vastly entertaining.
This is as good as popcorn entertainment gets.
Doctor Strange likes to think it's adding a new dimension to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but in truth it's the same Marvel story from a slightly different perspective.
Doctor Strange never strays too far from the tried-and-true Marvel formula, but it's not afraid to get a little weird either.
No doubt there will be many who enjoy Doctor Strange simply because there's a plethora of action, but for those looking for the satisfying narrative foundation that these films are usually set upon, unfortunately you'll find it just a little lacking.
While I'm tired of the wretched tyranny of comic book flicks, I admit I liked Cumberbatch's picture. For the most part.
Eyeball-popping, jaw-dropping, kaleidoscopic, head-tripping---a rollicking adventure with crisp wit, strong characters and visually impressive razzle-dazzle.
So visually transfixing, so beautiful and nimble that you may even briefly forget the brand.
Cumberbatch wears that Strange cape well.
Entertaining and enjoyable even when it's formulaic and a bit underwhelming.
"Doctor Strange" is fine, but it's as transient and unmemorable as a dream.
Shows Marvel have mastered the art of the C+ despite getting wonderfully weird at times.
The first time in a while that a Marvel Cinematic Universe(TM) movie has offered anything new to look at or think about.
Marvel is getting increasingly good at delivering great movies based on material that shouldn't really work on film.
At least the movie takes awhile before it goes into full tilt action, and even when it does, it never completely loses itself or its central character.
None of it makes any sense, but logic is the last thing any of the minds attracted to this kind of junk want or expect.
"Doctor Strange" looks and feels almost nothing like the previous 13 films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe or any other comic book movie.
No affinity for superheroes or familiarity with Marvel mythology is required to enjoy the visual spectacle that is Doctor Strange. Being open to mysticism and the possibility of parallel dimensions might help, though.
Those reality-warping effects offer a tantalizing glimpse at how superhero movies could embrace the visual wealth of comics. If only its story, a retread of Iron Man, was as creative as the action scenes.
Watching "Doctor Strange" is a bit like ordering pad thai at Applebee's: It's different than the usual, but still kind of bland.
Defiantly old-school -- not the cozy, apple-scented nostalgia of the first Captain America film, but that cold, back-of-the-library whiff of eraser nubs and mold.
For a non-fan just reviewing a movie, it is, as I said, noisy and entertaining.
although "Doctor Strange" is often a 'been here, done that' experience, this origin story is still worthwhile because of the high pedigree of its casting and special effects.
The multi-dimensional magic of DOCTOR STRANGE's universe changes all the rules for superhero movies. It breaks from formula and leaves room for innovation and play.
Like Strange's "mirror-verse," where sorcerers cast spells...without impacting our physical realm, his comic-book vehicle delivers bursts of wonder with little lasting effect.
The 14th installment in the ever-expanding MCU is the first to really exploit the possibilities of CGI -- to use state-of-the-art technology to its full, jaw-dropping advantage.
Thanks in part to its charming cast, and despite its serious intentions, Doctor Strange is a pleasantly silly film, with plenty of humor hiding amid all the reality-distorting special effects and high-flying action.
This film set the bar very high for superhero movies, something Marvel does with seeming ease.
Director Scott Derrickson and his co-writer, C. Robert Cargill, keep Doctor Strange balanced, just barely, between trippy psychedelia and plain incoherence.
Derrickson's use of computer-generated action is a strength instead of a strain, and it's not just showing off; in the context of the film, the bizarre images make sense.
You know you're in a top-drawer Marvel Comics adaptation when even the Stan Lee cameo is clever.
Perhaps we might say simply that Derrickson has made a bona fide movie at a time when Marvel is only doing installments.
Once Doctor Strange is paired with his scene-stealing magic cape, Cumberbatch's character literally and figuratively takes flight.
With one of Marvel's most indie-scene, idiosyncratic casts and co-writer/director Scott Derrickson managing to keep the wilder, trippier aspects of the plot under control (mostly), this is certainly more fun than another Iron Man adventure
Nobody is having much fun here. Well, except for Doctor Strange's devilish Cloak of Levitation.
For all of its wondrous world-building and trippy effects, Doctor Strange isn't the evolutionary step forward for Marvel that it needs to be storytelling-wise.
Doctor Strange looks at urban architecture through a twisting digital kaleidoscope, next-stepping from Inception to an M.C. Escher-esque action aesthetic that amounts to three-dimensional chess.
Nothing that Marvel Studios has produced can compare to the visual splendor of Scott Derrickson's Doctor Strange.
When "Doctor Strange" is cooking, which is mostly in its fairly breathless second half, it keeps throwing clever and goofy set piece ideas at you.
Mashes up the metaphysical elements of Inception and The Matrix with a bit of superhero hocus-pocus.
Franchise Fred approves.
Like a cross between later Harry Potter and 2001: A Space Odyssey, it might baffle younger children, but works very well on most levels.
It's a lot of fun, and commendably mind-bending.
Humorously quirky and visually spellbinding, Doctor Strange ranks as one of the best executed Marvel Comics movies, up there with Iron Man, Spider-Man 2 and The Avengers.
Doctor Strange once again proves that when it comes to superhero movies, Marvel has its finger firmly on the pulse.
Doctor Strange really does show you a few new things, or at least familiar things in a clever new way.
Doctor Strange fulfills the requirements of a Marvel origin story while feeling wonderfully unencumbered by any of the franchise maintenance that handicapped Avengers: Age Of Ultron and Ant-Man.
Any other actor in a high-collared burgundy cape and goatee would risk looking like a lounge magician. But Benedict Cumberbatch is so unmannered, so smart, so playful, he makes the title character...one of the best Marvel movie superheroes yet.
Even when the movie gets massively visual, it never gets away from the central strength of Cumberbatch's performance. That's not easy to do, but accomplishing the task is why Doctor Strange is pure Marvel magic.
The film is a strangely bizarre and brilliant departure from what we usually see from Marvel, and that's why I adored it.
While very much an origins flick, this ambitious kickoff is also, happily, a movie that wows while it makes us wonder.
It is visually stunning and makes excellent use of 3D, which feels less like a gimmick and more like a vital part of experiencing the film as it's supposed to be.
Doctor Strange perfectly balances its commitment to the bizarre comic book stories from which it springs with the familiar tropes of the origin story.
This is by far the trippiest, most psychedelic Marvel film yet.
...entertains, but never haunts.
A film of the medical version of Tony Stark that was more enjoyable than I expected. [Full review in Spanish]
Stunning visuals go a long way towards enlivening this largely unexceptional superhero origin story.
It's fun to have new version of an old Marvel favorite, and a storyline which adds some genuine mysticism to this ever-expanding franchise.
The strangest thing about [Marvel's] latest feature is that all of these characters come across utterly bored with their vocations.
Whenever the action threatens to get samey or the spectacle verges on the monotonous, the film can rely on Cumberbatch's sense of fun to tide it over.
Doctor Strange gets in, tells its story, thrills you, makes you laugh, and then gets out before you get a chance to get sick of it. No stretching, no padding, no wasted space.
The film feels more programmed than written, more pre-visualised than directed.
Cumberbatch makes the least immediately likable of the Marvel heroes into the most unpredictable and intriguing.
'Dr. Strange' is the first Marvel movie to tell the reality-based version of where superpowers come from. Science takes human supernormal abilities seriously now-exciting stuff.
An unconventional film with a good soundtrack and lots of digital effects filled with madness. [Full review in Spanish]
The VFX are the best I've seen in any Marvel movie, ever. If you do see Doctor Strange -- and you really ought to -- I recommend seeing it at IMAX.
Despite focusing on one of the company's less famous and more bizarre characters, it is all too familiar for a film with 'Strange' in the title. Still, none of that stops it being thoroughly enjoyable.
This doctor, it seems, has a cure for superhero fatigue.
The film's otherworldly quality and excellent comedic moments brings to mind Guardians Of The Galaxy in terms of its inventiveness, bringing us a fresher, stranger (I'm sorry. It's right there!) version of the Marvel films we know and love.
Doctor Strange, the 14th film in the franchise based on Marvel comic books, is one of the funniest of recent times, lifted beyond the ordinary world, as befits the story, by a superb cast that includes Benedict Cumberbatch in the title role.
Cumberbatch is magnetic as egotistical neurosurgeon Stephen Strange, who, seeking to reverse the disastrous effects of a car accident, is plunged into a trippy Neverland of parallel dimensions and cosmic conflict.
Yes, Doctor Strange will change the tone of Marvel movies going forward, and that's a very good thing.
Doctor Strange could descend into a clutch of clichés, but director/writer Scott Derrickson has injected plenty of wit. The visuals, especially in the modern-world sequences, are stunning.
Spectacle is as important a character to the Marvel Cinematic Universe as its caped crusaders, and never before has this proved such a significant truth.
Perhaps it's just that there's a little too much Marvel Studios in Doctor Strange, when the strongest thing about the film are the filmmakers hired to bring it to life.
We are facing a visually unique film that will fuse Marvel's mystical and galactic sides together. [Full review in Spanish]
Not even a sorcerer as powerful as Dr. Strange is able to break Marvel's spell, which continues with the same kind of villains and weak female counterparts. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not all that strange, but it's restlessly arresting and always technically impressive. Unlike most studio franchise fantasies, Doctor Strange rewards the eye rather than assaults it.
MCU has been raising the bar on what audiences should demand from superhero spectacle. But sometimes, even they can't clear it.
If Iron Man was Marvel's infancy and Guardians Of The Galaxy the awkward teenage years, Doctor Strange, teamed with Deadpool and Civil War, shows a company growing into adulthood with its audience. The result is an absolute joy.
The screenwriters gorge on pseudo philosophical pep talk as if it were white powder at an LA pool party.
Visually, this is Inception dialled up to eleven, a world-bending, shape-shifting and time-distorting Escher painting filled with heroes and villains duelling over the possibility of immortality.
Surprisingly funny and arguably [Marvel's] most audacious film to date.
With a charismatic lead and almost infinite potential for future set pieces, it's nice to think that we could have another blockbusting dynamo on our hands.
Yes the overarching plot is a familiar one and some of the A-list supporting players get precious little to chew on (Mads Mikkelsen is particularly short-changed as the Darth Vader-like Kaecilius), but Doc Strange does the job and then some.
Like previous expository Marvel films much of Doctor Strange is devoted to Cumberbatch acquainting himself with his new powers. But the film's visual mindbending is what sets it apart from the studio's past releases.
Mostly ... this is a weird and witty breath of fresh air- and as a bonus it also finds a neat solution to the excessive third-act destruction of The Avengers/Captain America films without stinting on spectacle.
Forget all you know or think you know about the Marvel Cinematic Universe. ... Derrickson has blown the glitter dust off one of its second-string superheroes and provided him with a barnstorming origin story ...
Doctor Strange is mostly a blast.
Doctor Strange does have the good sense not to take itself too seriously and there is a welcome sense of humour running through it with a string of witty asides from Cumberbatch.
Doctor Strange boasts the most mind-bending visual effects I've ever seen...
It's imperfect, but it's enjoyable, and it sure looks good.
[A] masterpiece of comic book cinema... part Iron Man, part The Matrix, part The Conjuring, and part Harry Potter [with] a dash of Inception, a pinch of Nightmare on Elm Street, [and] a hint of Hero...
The actors are skilled enough to make us intensely curious about their back stories and for us to accept some of their more preposterous lines of dialogue.
Doctor Strange is all about the razzle-dazzle, where spectacle elements are good enough to save a more clunky, weightless Marvel origin story.
Don't let the goatee fool you - this is no Iron Man.
Doctor Strange will obliterate your expectations. It is an enormously entertaining film; a rousing cinematic adventure loaded with stunning visual effects.
With mystical exposition and cod philosophising growing by the minute, our senses are gratefully rescued by flashy fits of special effects.
Busy with CGI to hide the emptiness where the emotional core should be. Even the mechanics of getting a man from mere mortal to demigod-in-a-cape are rote.
Marvel Studios is becoming increasingly like Evel Knievel - with every successful stunt it lands, it makes the next one bigger and more difficult.
With viewer (and creative) fatigue setting in, to whom can Marvel Studios turn to for re-invigoration? A cocky doctor with mystical, mind-expanding powers and even more mystical facial hair? Sure, that'll kill two hours.
It is not often creative ambition and actual execution rise together to such atmospheric heights.
It becomes clear why Cumberbatch was sought for the part. He is perhaps the most gifted of the Marvel recruits... His only equal in acting facility is Iron Man's Robert Downey Jr.
However, it achieves a flavor of its own; it feels like its own unique superheroic proposition, and that's impressive in its own right. Frankly, I'd take this spiffy red cape over Clark Kent's any day of the week.
Itâ(TM)s exciting, entertaining, goofy, and fun...
Mind-bending effects, jaw-gaping action sequences and a cast with pedigree enable Marvel's Doctor Strange to soar through its many dimensions & parallel universes to a cinematic 3D Shangri-la.
The engrossing 3D visuals are superbly conceived, like Inception times 1,000, as buildings start to fold in on themselves, kaleidoscope-style.
The film is in some ways a triumph, but as a whole lacks the cohesion and charm of some of Marvel's other comic book adaptations.
Nimble dialogue and a constellation of capable - if mostly whitewashed - stars ensure this is a rather livelier creation than this year's Captain America: Civil War.
Doctor Strange isn't as Marvel-ous as fans would like but it sets up nicely for a promising sequel.
Weaponised by dynamic scripting, the A-class cast sell the concoction well.
Grounds its outrageousness with an undercurrent of knowing sarcasm, much like its winning star.
At long last - a light, funny superhero movie that embraces the fantasy aspects of the genre in both its story and form.
Like Inception mashed with M.C. Escher: the richly imaginative visual design is endlessly entertaining in its depiction of astral planes, mirror dimensions and multiverses.
Marvel has known how to introduce a new character and significantly expand the universe in a very effective way. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with amazing visuals, a modest script and a wonderful cast. [Full review in Spanish]
A purely fantastic film that reaffirms Marvel's ability to reformulate itself, maintaining an organic base for all its projects. [Full review in Spanish]
Two hours of Strange being confused at the ins and outs of the Astral Plane would have been just as satisfying as the actual film. This is the new VFX bar to reach.
A bizarre and beautiful detour on the Marvel journey, which culminates in a mind-bending, expectation-inverting final act.
The smart script and trio of clever British thespians do their best to puncture any pomposity and there are some nice throw away lines about funny teas and wifi passwords. And yet...
Thankfully, amid all the film's wacky-trippy bending of space and time, [Cumberbatch] manages to steer an ideal path -- taking the role seriously but allowing himself to be flummoxed by it, wittily traumatised and taken off-guard.
Director Scott Derrickson creates a cinematic experience straight from the comic books, an incredible feat that needs to be seen on the big screen.
Happily, it's [Marvel 's] most impressive visual film yet.
Doctor Strange is thrilling in the way a lot of other Marvel movies are. But what makes it unique is that it's also heady in a way most Marvel movies don't dare to be.
At its best it's a consciousness-expanding head trip of fantastic proportions, and at its worst it's merely an entertaining superhero movie.
When you add the unique visuals that a character like this can facilitate, it makes Doctor Strange one of the more interesting entries in Hollywood's 600-lb. gorilla of a franchise.
Doctor Strange is a psychedelic extravaganza that's sure to spin heads with its trippy effects and tongue-and-cheek wit.
It's a tremendously engaging and likeable superhero ride, in which the classiest of casts show they know exactly where to take it seriously - and where to inject the fun.
The visuals are worth the price of admission, but this is as generic and by-the-numbers an origin story as the MCU has ever made. It's better than 'Green Lantern,' but it will remind you of 'Green Lantern'.
Fantastic and brilliant! The effects will blow your mind!
Cumberbatch fits Doctor Strange like a pair of snap-tight surgical gloves, in yet another MCU triumph. Beautifully designed, brilliantly executed.
Derrickson promised this would be 'weird and wild', and so it is - at least within the context of a major Hollywood blockbuster.
Doctor Strange is a movie very much built up of other movies yet it still manages to keep its own identity.
"At times it will leave you in awe of what you're watching unfold in front of your eyes."
There are certainly shades of Iron Man and Thor, but what the film brings to the table to balance out its familiar elements is some of the most bombastic, exciting and beautiful action sequences we've seen in modern blockbusters.
Entertaining in its grand flourishes but spottier when it comes to character work and thematic coherence, the film boasts a slightly darker and more mystical air than its peers, accentuated by some of the most arresting set pieces in the MCU canon.
The acting, the visual fireworks and Michael Giacchino's distinctive, Eastern-influenced score all go a long way toward disguising the fact that we are once again watching an origin story, and one that seems even a bit more perfunctory than usual.
If "Doctor Strange" can be dispiritingly safe, it can also be just as impressively bold - an hallucinogenic trip along a very familiar path, watching the film is like adding a large dose of LSD to your morning commute.
What really ends up making Doctor Strange an entertaining film are the actors and the visuals.
An engaging, smartly cast and sporadically eye-popping addition to the studio's bulging portfolio.
A kaleidoscope of weirdness and innovative visual effects successfully introduce the newest Marvel superhero in director/co-writer Scott Derrickson's brilliantly bizarre Doctor Strange.
The key is an in-on-the-joke script, which Derrickson co-wrote with Jon Spaihts and C. Robert Cargill, that ingeniously navigates major plot potholes even as it saddles its actors with ludicrous dialogue. But what actors!
A visual wonder... but you still feel the formula straining.
Marvel's familiar formula with some really cool visuals.
More mature than its predecessors and the first blockbuster of the modern superhero era ideally viewed on a magic mushroom trip.
Casts a few impressive spells of its own, not the least of which is the redemption of the visual-effects extravaganza. This funny, freaky adventure reminds us of how effective VFX can be when they've got some imagination behind them.
Doctor Strange is basically a reboot of Iron Man, only with a lot more prettier things to look at while you're stoned. It's a good strategy. And it works.

@highlight

Doctor Strange artfully balances its outré source material against the blockbuster constraints of the MCU, delivering a thoroughly entertaining superhero origin story in the bargain.