It is a true original of considerable historical importance. It's gory, silly, at times splendidly incoherent, and yet possessed of a fairy tale innocence.
too smart and funny, too self-aware and post-modern, to be truly scary - but its trippy energy and surreal unpredictability make it a film that takes up long-term residence in your consciousness anyway.
Are we truly laughing with a film like House, or simply at it?. . .If you simply must know, get your tickets early, House is so bad it's good, and thus it is bound to sell out.
Strange in the best way possible.
[T]he archival cult find of the decade: a candy-colored style bomb of horror movie more jaw-droppingly unreal than scary, an experimental piece of pop-art genre filmmaking that is cartoonish in its graphic expressionism.
An assault of expressionistic techniques...
The best thing in this wild assemblage of collage and cartoon and fairy tale is that the girls, when they're eaten, scream with glee as their cut-out body parts spin around the frame. It's cannibalism as the ultimate kiddie ride.
There's never a dull moment, though I certainly felt dulled by the time it was over.
Movies as original as this one don't come along very often, so grab it while you can.
For connoisseurs of the bizarre, House's revival is long overdue.
It's not just a bombastically surreal movie, it's a frequently hilarious one
Bizarre ghost story.
Gigglers and cultists, pony up.
House suggests that the nitrous-oxide hyperdrive of Japanese pop culture-as vivid now as ever in entertainments like Takashi Miike's Yatterman, for instance-is a brilliantly imagined, if not in fact transcendental brand of therapy
Pushed the boundaries of the depiction of terror on screen and reveals the interest in the language of experimental filmmaking in genre and mainstream cinema of the time.
If you crashed a teenage girls' pyjama party after necking some bad acid, this is probably what it'd feel like.
Daffy and brilliant in equal measure, single-minded in its devotion to every wacko trick available to an analog director.
Takes its good, sweet time in getting to the ostensibly scary stuff. But you won't be bored.
Is it good? The question seems to miss the point. It's like nothing you've every seen...
compelling in its own right, even if it is impossible to take seriously as anything more than a delirious, envelope-pushing experiment
Really the Damndest Thing: a gleefully chaotic DayGlo haunted house movie (Sam Raimi has to have seen this) that suggests the Sid and Marty Krofft universe gone mental. Ok, mental-er.
It's about equal parts brilliant, baffling, ridiculous, and unwatchable.
That House was made at all is a minor miracle. That it has returned, to critical acclaim and a new generation of fans, is a major miracle. Truly, this is some kind of wonderful.
So Sam Raimi, Dario Argento, Russ Meyer and Roman Polanski all walk into a bar ...
While there's a dweeby midnight-movie inventiveness about the look of all this, there's also an awful lot to forgive artistically (or to drunkenly roll with, as the case may be).
Won't appeal to mainstream appetites, but it's an exotic dish for enlightened palates.
There are quite a few slow spots, head-scratching moments and oddities that make this an endurance test for all but the most determined of movie fans.
Plenty of films throughout the years have been called "nightmarish" but never has the statement been more true than in the case of Hausu.
Delirious, deranged, gonzo or just gone, baby, gone -- no single adjective or even a pileup does justice to House.
All the more awesome for being so totally inexplicable, Hausu may not be ultimately be classifiable as a "good" movie, but it's certainly one that must be seen to be believed.

@highlight

House is a gleefully demented collage of grand guginol guffaws and bizarre sequences.