It's a highly entertaining comedy, and the best thing about it is - you don't have to watch any football.
No gore, no death-defying screams and not too many scares either.
Clunky retooling
Certainly, it's not the worst remake of all time, but it really is one of the more ridiculous, unnecessary, and gimmicky of them.
While not a shot-for-shot copy of Richard Donner's far superior 1976 original "Omen," David Seltzer --the screenwriter of both films%u2014barely updates his original script for this gratuitous remake.
... it's as if someone took a corpse, embalmed it to preserve the external appearance, slapped on a layer of fresh makeup, and then stuffed it full of animatronics to make it move and speak.
If you thought Van Sant's "Psycho" reshoot was weird, check this out. It's a community theater version of that old classic "The Omen", filled with all your favorite scenes.
will no doubt divide viewers into those who agree that it is high time that the original received so slick a makeover, and those who wonder whether there is much real point to a retooling of such devilish fidelity to its source.
John Moore's The Omen is not as frightening as Richard Donner's 1976 version--Moore resorts to scare tactics rather than impending horror.
...the second half of the film, devoid of the cheap thrills and subliminal images that fill the first half, moves along smoothly...
Confirm[s] its pointlessness at every available turn.
full review in Greek
The times may not be as apocalyptic as they once were, but this is still an Omen for the age of irony.
In his zeal to creep us out, [director] Moore forgot the subtle brilliance of Damien's portrayal in the original, which was largely as a pawn.
All the signs point to a waste of your time.
As is the case of any virtual carbon copy, this version isn't quite as sharp.
A disastrously miscast remake of the 1976 horror classic, which retains the apocalyptic themes of David Seltzer's original script but renders them dull and fright-free.
It's a television repeat disguised as a studio picture.
...a slow-paced, surprisingly tedious update that ultimately feels more redundant than anything else.
Adding Mia Farrow to the cast was a stroke of genius
Expected to be disappointed after having been so scared by the original, I was pleased to find the antichrist plot device to be new and exciting again.
...rent the original instead
...only genuinely scary in the way it reveals the dearth of creativity in the current Hollywood landscape of sequels and retreads.
The Xerox approach to the story causes it to add up to a huge 'So what?' by the film's end.
Younger viewers may find this new movie more exciting; anyone with a memory of the old Gregory Peck version will most likely feel a sensation of "been there, done that."
A delightful throwback to a time when really good horror movies were more interested in the mystery than the special effects.
'10 Things I Hate About the Apocalypse.'
Nothing ruins a gag faster, be it in humor or horror, than someone having to explain it to you. But in the case of The Omen, we already knew the tale. The constant repetition and reminders are just onerous overkill.
[A] finely honed yet utterly pointless remake.
'Was the original this deliberately slow?' you'll wonder. 'Was Gregory Peck powerfully stoic, or was he really as stuffy as Liev Schreiber in the role of Satan's stepdad? Did the director telegraph every killing?'
The central problem is that the film, for all its gothic iconography and moody lighting, is a silly bore. Global warming is scarier.
This new version is an almost scene-for-scene remake, which is good news in the first half and bad news in the torpid second.
John Moore directed with verve, and glosses nonsense with artful lighting. The audience is lured into not giggling too early or often, though decapitation gets a howl.
What's wrong with the 2006 version? Well, it has none of the positive elements of the original, and there's no chemistry between Stiles and Schreiber. The acting, the music, the photography, and the technical elements are all fair to downright awful.
Not since Gus Van Sant inexplicably directed a shot-by-shot remake of Hitchcock's Psycho has a thriller been copied with so little point or impact.
Dead on arrival.
This version of The Omen comes prepackaged, nearly identical to the original, and as such, it is unnecessary.
Not especially scary but a workmanlike production.
It's well made, but if you've seen the original one, you've seen the best one.
Now the big question is pretty simple: was David Seltzer's screenplay any better than Dan McDermott's? The answer is for the most part no.
In an almost shot-for-shot remake of the 1976 occult hit, the boy Antichrist otherwise known as Damien returns to the screen, born of the greedy she-wolf otherwise known as Hollywood.
For decapitation completists only.
Has one of the best on-screen deaths ever put on film...truly grotesque and effective.
The gimmick of releasing The Omen on the sixth day of the sixth month in the year 2006 doesn't distract from its mediocrity.
The Omen is, at last, about Kate, the mother who distrusts her child and shouldn't trust her husband. She doesn't have a chance.
I suggest you save your ticket money and rent the original. In fact, rent the entire trilogy.
Though the Oxyrhynchus papyri gives the number of the beast as 616 rather than the more-widely accepted 666, the re-makers of The Omen obviously couldn't resist the propitious release date.
John Moore ('Behind Enemy Lines') copycats Richard Donner's style, but with about half the suspense and pacing.
This is one of those movies that profits from very low expectations. If you go in expecting something dreadful, be assured: It's only near dreadful.
[The 1976 version is] exactly the sort of movie that would be improved in the retelling, but there's one catch: You're not supposed to treat the original like holy writ.
There's really only two words to describe remaking cult classic The Omen: Not necessary.
You'll stumble in your seat all right, not so much out of fear but lack of balance, your inner ear destroyed by random blasts of sound.
Ultimately, The Omen is both poorly directed and badly acted and Moore ensuring that there's plenty of red in every scene isn't enough to make it scary. Rent the original instead.
Those who have seen the original will be nonplussed by every identical plot development, while younger viewers used to the breakneck luridness of today's Fangoria-approved freakouts will wonder why this one is so slow and ponderous.
You know a movie is not worth the celluloid it's printed on when the only clever or even remotely original thing about it is its release date.
...scarier and more unsettling the second time around.
I felt like I was seeing The Da Vinci Code with slightly shadier priests.
John Moore's remake of The Omen rivals Gus Van Sant's Psycho both for its fidelity to the source material and for its utter pointlessness.
The devil taking over the world is a terrifying concept, yet here there's so little urgency to the proceedings that you'd think his master plan extended only to prank phone calls to the Vatican and TPing ministers' houses.
This one does a little bit better job of ratcheting up the tension than the first one, which at times seems a little humdrum for a horror flick.
Where [in the original]the camera quickly cut away, now it lingers on the carnage... This isn't necessarily a sign of how much we have progressed since then.
As there are no new surprises or twists, The Omen is mainly instructive for comparison's sake --something like a survey of obnoxious modern filmmaking trends.
I don't approve of remakes, but The Omen redux is riveting, imaginative and ultimately bone-chillingly satisfying.
Gratuitous evil plus creepy kid equals scary fun.
It may be 6.6.06, but the date you should remember is 6.20.06, which is when the original is re-released as a Collector's Edition DVD.
Ah --- once again --- Hollywood and its remakes --- why do they bother? It does not bode well for a film when the audience is laughing at what is supposed to be a very serious scene.
A funny thing happened the other night --- I went to see a horror film and a comedy broke out.
...features an alarming number of classy actors getting whacked in the most ghastly and classless of ways.
If the movie didn't take itself so seriously, it could have been a great popcorn muncher. As is, it'll still work fine for those willing to forgive its trespasses.
Hell'z still a-poppin.'
Other than the obvious marketing advantages of releasing this movie on 06/06/06, a second Omen seems completely unnecessary, even if it is kind of fun.
Other than that, beat for beat and scene for scene this is almost exactly the same film start to finish, director Moore completely disinterested in doing something different or intriguing to make it stand out.
Schreiber and Stiles are fine actors, but this isn't a fine script, and there is nothing like Peck's campy meltdown to keep us entertained and horrified.
It's not pulse-pounding. Not very often, anyway. But it is ominous and smart and more cerebral than your average horror film in these Hostel days.
There seems little rationale for Omen '06 except to resuscitate a brand name that carried enough pop-culture clout in Watergate's aftermath to inspire a host of gnarly sequels.
The devil takes care of business in exactly the same way, as if he's reading from the book of Re-Revelation. But director John Moore has added some creepy visuals and assembled an unusually strong cast for a horror flick.
Characters in this Omen still cock their heads like confused mutts at the number of the Beast. C'mon people, has the career of Iron Maiden been for naught?
[An] unnecessary but not-as-awful-as-you-might-think remake.
Future generations can only hope something so nice happens when they get their Omen revival. For now, there's Damien Part Deux. Enjoy him, kids. Chances are, he'll be around for a while.
In their religious fidelity to the original, director John Moore and writer David Seltzer don't attempt to paper over anachronisms from Seltzer's 1976 script.
[Moore] realizes creating an unsettling mood, genuine suspense and fully realized characters is as important -- maybe even more important -- than mere bloodshed.
It's a terrible sign for a movie when the sole reason for its existence is a satanic opening date.
'The Omen' is not a bad film. It just suffers in comparison to its original.
[A]wesome... pure movie-geek goofiness...
For a movie packed with religious symbols The Omen has little understanding of religion. It arrives at spirituality backwards: The devil is real, so you better believe in God.
Maybe they should pay more attention to Damien's sketch of his babysitter hanging herself instead of freaking out when he makes a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
John Moore's Omen still delivers some good scares here and there, and it is one of the better entries in the recent spate of horror remakes, but not even the Anti-Christ can catch lightning in a bottle twice.
This new Omen works fine. It has its own look and it plays the story straight, as if this were the first time it was being brought to the screen. If you haven't seen the original movie, this one should provide some good, shivery fun.
There seems to be little reason for its existence - except to take advantage of the calendar anomaly of June 6, 2006 (6/6/06).
In this copycat rehash, lightweight Liev Schreiber and Julia Stiles cannot replace the gravitas of Gregory Peck and Lee Remick.
Everything adds up to make "The Omen" a great horror movie.
This may be bordering on lightning bolt worthy, but... If the devil made them remake this movie, at least he could have given them a better script.
It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel bored.
Overall, The Omen is a slick piece that improves upon the original. And the kid is creepy as hell, too.
When all else fails, pump up the thunder and lightning. That seems to be an operating principle behind the supremely unnecessary remake of the 1976 horror fest.
John Moore's remake -- while arguably better than its source -- can't help but feel a bit stale. Still, it treats the hokum with enough seriousness to create a few chills between the giggles.
The ultimate in pointless exercises, a remake that is neither much better nor much worse that the original.
The sooner all of you realize that it's no longer a worthwhile exercise to continue railing against the preponderance of remakes coming out of Hollywood, the happier you'll be.
Yes, it may be 6/6/06, but was there a reason beyond that to remake the 30-year-old horror classic?
There are no surprises for anyone who's seen the earlier version, and younger horror fans may find the modest body count and restrained gore unsatisfying.
If the opening-date driven re-make of The Omen succeeds in tapping into any fears of the existence of evil in the world, these will be most acutely felt when you realize that Satan, the old showbiz devil, has picked your pocket once again.
Wanna know a bad omen for a horror movie? When it spends an hour or more trying to decide what kind of horror movie it's going to be.
[Thirty] years ago, you didn't hear a lot of mainstream references to the Antichrist, but now it's a routine epithet. It's the curse of the original, which became a huge part of the pop-culture lexicon. Not accounting for that is a fatal error.
The revisited Omen is neither very scary nor much fun in a movie-movie sense.
Schreiber seems to wander through the film like Hamlet's ghost, waiting for his soliloquy to come, and it never does. He's kind of a cold fish, and Stiles isn't much better.
It's hard to imagine college age movie goers being attracted by such a passé premise. And fans of the original will end up doing shot-by-shot comparisons. On every level, The Omen isn't just bad filmmaking, it's bad storytelling.
The Omen remake is creepily efficient.
Transplanting so much of the original story to a 21st-century setting only amplifies how badly the story has aged.
While it's not exactly a horror, it's still a long way from a great horror film.
I say rent the original. It tells exactly the same story, with a better cast and with special effects that are as good or better.
Moore delivers several powerful jolts, stocking the film with potent jump-scares, pacing its two-hour length tightly and bottling the tension that escalates with each new act of satanic cruelty.
Take the numbers 06-06-06 and calculate them according to the rituals of ancient mystical prophecy, and what do you get? Zilch.
The Omen retains the aura of ceremonious kitsch of the first movie, favoring a well-lighted, upscale Goth aesthetic punctuated with flashes of well-timed, cymbal-crashing shockers and giggly camp.
The original Omen spawned two sequels. This lifeless remake guarantees we'll be spared the run-up to Armageddon.
A slavishly literal remake of the satanic-horror standby that elicits laughter, sleep and occasional eye-popped shock but drums up scant real terror.
Compared to Al Gore's new global-warming documentary, An Inconvenient Truth, The Omen makes the Apocalypse look comforting and child-friendly.
The update is serviceable but fairly bland.
It's still an involving story. And the film's well-acted, particularly by Ms. Farrow and Mr. Postlethwaite. Plus, there are two really good scares that'll make you jump out of your seat. That alone was entertaining.
You can file the remake of The Omen under 'Unnecessary.' With a cross-reference to 'Uninspired.'
You'd think they could have delivered the end of the world with a bang instead of a yawn.
It's so similar to the original that we already know what's coming. And because it adheres so closely, it only serves as a reminder of the superiority of Richard Donner's original.
Aside from a couple of brief, jolting dream sequences, The Omen plods along.
The last Damien is young actor Seamus Davey-Fitzpatrick. He lowers his head, hardens his face and glares. Big woo. The movie's dogs do a better job of looking sinister.
Who knew Armageddon could be this dull?
The Omen is a faithful remake of the 1976 film, and that's a relief; it depends on characters and situations and doesn't go berserk with visuals.
This film is for people who've never seen the original, and who are easily scared by mediocre horror films. You know who you are.
John Moore has ultimately succeeded in creating an adequate xerox of the first film but failed to keep us from asking why it was worth doing in the first place.
nothing can top the awkward, unintentionally hilarious and career ending performance of Seamus Davey-Fitzpatrick ... kid pouts as if he was told he can't have some ice cream, instead of raging like the Anti-Christ.
This child's supposedly feral stares just seem petulant.
Here's Damien, the future Satan, just starting his reign of gloom, and Moore encourages the little actor to uproariously scowl as if a teamster was presenting a plate of steamed vegetables to him from behind the camera.
It's like watching an old play performed by a new troupe.
I am not sure if John Moore is in on the joke he's telling in his remake of The Omen, but he tells it very well.
...this new rendition is aimed at a new audience and provides solid entertainment on the big screen.
Having been art directed to within an inch of its life, it has an oppressive gloss that substitutes for the original film's energy.
In this case, 6-6-6 adds up to 18 reasons why you should wait for the DVD.
Better than the original since a 30 year-old Mia Farrow runs off with the deaf-mute Antichrist and the movie.
Neither good enough to be worthwhile, nor bad enough to be interesting.
Goes to show that magic can't always strike twice—not even when virtually the same script is used.
It really is quite fun, but you can't take it seriously in the least.
Yet another remake no one needs is The Omen, based on an empty 1976 horror vessel.
Yet another remake displaying little reason for being...
This version of The Omen brings virtually nothing new, and instead shabbily pantomimes through the script of the original.
If you've never seen The Omen, the technically well-made remake is an effective chiller a cut above today's standard, but if you have, there's no reason to watch this rote replay.
It's like hearing a great cover version of a classic rock song. They do such a great job. The art direction is gorgeous in this in its own haunting way.
[Director Moore] adheres closely to Seltzer and director Richard DonnerRichard Donner's template, from the prevailing sense of dread to the atmosphere of general gloom, interrupted by well spaced and effective bursts of gore.
Context is everything: In 1976, The Omen was trashy and creepy, but 30 years later, it's just a trivial and slavish remake, failing to endow the old-fashioned yarn with contempo touch or stylishness; Moore's version doesn't even qualify as guilty pleasure
Everything Da Vinci Code tries to be, but fails, this is one of the better recent remakes.
Unduly somber, self-important, and clumsily executed, this Omen is best unseen and unheard. You have been warned.
I am not entirely convinced that The Omen (1976) needed to be remade, but having seen director John Moore's take on the anti-Christ infancy, I am glad that it was.
Devil Dog.
Moore's version looks sharper and plays classier than the first film, but still hides the same old silly fright mask underneath.
A faithful re-creation altered to appease a modern audience's thirst for well-crafted gore.
Anybody who's seen the 1976 film will probably be pretty bored by this one, which is rather like an inferior copy of a painting that was no masterwork to begin with.
This latest unnecessary remake of a minor horror flick lacks even the benefit of novelty.
In this era of unnecessary and pointless remakes, The Omen is unequivocally the most unnecessary and totally pointless remake since Gus Van Sant's Psycho.
lacks the energy of discovery or, you'll pardon the word, revelation. Rather, it feels like a RE-telling just going through the motions and hitting the motifs that we all loved in the original
There is absolutely nothing new here, nothing to justify why it was made and nothing of redeeming value short of a few jump scares
Clearly, Hollywood was required to release an antichrist fright-fest on 6/6/06, but instead of coming up with something inventive, they pawn off this limp remake.
Moore's approach fails entirely to capitalise on Damien's creepiness and he might have best been left out entirely; the only adrenaline-pumping moments in the film come from the jump-scares throughout.
Stylish and suspenseful, The Omen is a classy remake.






@highlight

Even with the force of a "classic" behind it, remake fever can't hold up the hollowness of this style-drenched Omen .