An '80s film for a new millennium, "Whip It" is rough, fun, and hip-checkingly girly.
Led by Ellen Page, the movie finds the Juno star playing a slightly less cocksure version of the Diablo Cody creation.
Juliette Lewis and her crazy eyes pretty much make any movie better.
[Whip It] treats its mostly female cast of characters with respect, and this is (sadly) a rare treat in cinema. Hannah Montana may be this generation's Spice Girl, but Bliss Cavender is the one really waving the 'girl power' flag.
It doesn't reach for an epic scale but is comfortable in its humility, and that makes it all the more stellar...
Barrymore is just as determined to land some insightful and unexpected dramatic punches as she is with the inherent physical comedy for which the sport is renowned.
What impresses is the girl power spirit often prevalent in Barrymore's work, but also a its sense of optimism and warm heart.
A surprisingly energetic, provoking and entertaining coming of age story.
Slight narrative arc notwithstanding, there's a lot of warmth here.
Whip It follows the classic follows the classic tropes of any indie coming-of-age film, big game showdown et al, but does it all so well you'll be instantly charmed.
Unlike most Hollywood teen product, here fulfilment comes not from what others think of you but from what you think of yourself. In short, it's Girl Power reinvented.
Like the roller derby girls splayed out on the rink, Barrymore's film is frequently all over place but it manages to stay on its feet at the end. Just.
Part underdog sports flick, part coming-of-ager, Whip It! trades on familiar formulaics, yet Shauna Cross' smart script (based on her novel) keeps things fresh and funny.
The picture's heart is very much in the right place, with the characters all affectionately drawn, but boy does it drag, while efforts at raucous humour (drunkenness, a food fight) fall flat.
Drew Barrymore makes her directing debut with a join-the-dots sports outing that's so brightly played - and so essentially sweet-natured - that its manifest cliches come up smelling of fresh paint.
With Page easily handling what little dramatic weight there is, the support players are free to focus on being funny, and they give it their all.
Although there's nothing original about it, and although it's handled competently rather than with breathtaking élan, it's almost impossible to dislike...
Sure, Whip It is clichéd, slight and formulaic, but it still has enough charm and wit to keep us entertained. And it's packed with girl power.
As a sports movie and as a mixed-up teen flick, it keeps taking unexpected turns, and unlike so many in the former genre, remembers there's more to sport dramas than just winning.
Deftly moderating her patented eye-rolling poseur shtick, Page delivers her most charismatic and least divisive performance to date as Bliss Cavendar, aka Babe Ruthless.
If the film were any more brainless, it would be a lump of rock. But if it were any less brainless, it might be less fun.
It's absolutely freaking fantastic.
An enjoyable treat that'll have you rolling out of the cinema experiencing a mild sense of déjà vu but ultimately feeling rewarded for your investment.
Easily one of the best films of the year, thanks to a superbly written, cliche-dodging script, a fabulous soundtrack and wonderful performances from a terrific ensemble cast.
[It's] hard not to be moved by the irrepressible sense of fun and optimism on display here.
Has verve to spare, not to mention a message ... refreshingly delivered with more blood and sweat than tears.
It is very difficult to dislike Whip It as it does eventually end strongly and it is so well intentioned.
This undemanding coming-of-age comedy is sharply put together with a bright cast and genuinely infectious energy
Drew Barrymore's directorial debut blasts in some girls who just want to have fun - and you'll be happy to join them.
The feminist coming of age sports dramedy has a sweet and sunny disposition bolstered by a proud independent streak.
Surprisingly satisfying.
Whip It is a coming-of-age story told straight, devoid of trendy hipster sensibilities, yet aiming equally for entertainment as well as insight.
What Whip It does make clear is that all girls are expected to perform, whether expectations are embodied by parents or audiences.
Drew Barrymore's directorial debut is slight yet charming.
Drew Barrymore's directorial debut is an energetic celebration of grrrl power, and it sure is fun to watch.
Its refreshingly unjaded look at humanity is not something I'm prepared to sneer at.
...the stellar performances and Barrymore's obvious enthusiasm for the material ultimately proves instrumental in allowing the viewer to overlook the myriad of flaws.
Barrymore makes her directorial debut her with an astute eye for the complex emotional passage being experienced beneath Bliss's crash helmet.
It takes girl power to the extreme and made me wish I was a roller derby girl. Jam packed full of excitement, action, humor and intensity.
It's just "Footloose" goes to the roller derby.
Despite its somewhat contrived formula, Whip It feels like a spirited Indie that refuses to sell out, demonstrating respect for both its characters and its audience.
The marvel of Whip It is that Barrymore's freewheeling spirit is infectious, even when her direction borders on sloppiness and the script skirts with cliché.
Whip It, the directorial debut of Drew Barrymore, is friendly and fun-loving and nurturing, as she seems to be.
'Whip It' is so many things. It's a coming-of-age movie. It's a sports movie. It's a relationship movie. It's a funny movie. It's a poignant movie. And above all, is it ever fun!
While unsurprising and more than a tad familiar, this is nonetheless one of the more exuberantly entertaining pictures I've seen this Fall.
First-time director Barrymore has a sharp eye for the rough-and-tumble grunginess of roller derby, and a warmhearted appreciation of the girl power that fuels it.
A feel-good, if formulaic, dramatic comedy set in the full-contact world of roller derby and boasting a very Drew Barrymore blend of good humor and punky femininity.
It is a bit of an odd film, this, but I enjoyed it more than I thought I would, and I think that's largely because of Ellen Page... she rises to the occasion tremendously.
There is a strange tone to the film. It's as if it knows there's a cliché at the heart of this story of an outsider finding expression of her true self and works hard to avoid it.
Not the holy roller expected of such a promising cast, premise and debut director.
Surprisingly touching moments of realisation and emotional connection manage to rise above the dramatic cliches that pepper the rest of the film and account for the best scenes in Whip It. Next to all the punch-ups on the track, that is.
It's like a raucous slumber party: laughter; tears; drinking; a food fight... and some big purple bruises in the morning. Go see it. You'll glide out of the cinema.
Whip It is not the most original flick to come along this year, the knockabout (and knock 'em flat) way in which Barrymore captures the wired atmosphere of roller derby is genuinely irresistible.
Drew Barrymore's directorial debut is an absolute delight, with fast paced action, hilarious comedy and outstanding performances from the majority female cast.
While Whip It follows the pattern of the majority of underdog sports dramas, Barrymore's film has a vitality, energy and heart (in the beautifully acted mother-daughter story) that's often lacking in male-centred movies.
Whip It never quite finds its rhythm or energy and the actors all seem to be holding something back in a comic book tale that requires over exaggeration more than subtle nuance.
For a film that has all the inner workings of a generic sports movie, Whip It somehow avoids being one.
To date, as an actress and producer, Barrymore has made some excellent choices and has always seemed to have a gut instinct for what works. Until now. The saving grace of the film is the disarmingly appealing Ellen Page who escapes unscathed.
boy, when you see Ellen Page and Juliette Lewis whipping around the corner, the beer-fueled crowd cheering, and the Breeders' "Last Splash" blaring on the soundtrack, you know that "Whip It" has the spirit of roller derby down cold.
A lively trifle
Drew Barrymore makes a sparkling directorial debut and Ellen Page proves once again she is magic on the big screen.
Hip but not smart-aleck, the film is not afraid to wear its heart on its sleeve as an invisible accessory to the pads, helmet and embarrassing Barbie skates that propel its underage heroine to a new identity...
Barrymore's budding directing skills are on dazzling display during the skating scenes . But given the lack of depth in the writing, promising characters are often rolled over and flattened out.
Easily skates by on the charms of both its novel setting and its gung-ho cast.
In a role that cries out for quirkiness, Barrymore has Page playing it as straight as possible. Since Page is the queen of quirk, this makes little sense. Still, the result is a solid performance in an entertaining movie.
One of the best girl casts of the year. You don't leave wanting to pick up the DVD, but you do want to pick up a set of dumbbells.
Drew Barrymore finds the perfect project for her directorial debut, infusing the roller derby fun-fest with her spunk and joie de vivre.
"Whip It" is simply an entertaining vehicle, not an in-depth examination of the sport of roller derby or the women who play it.
It's an effervescent, rough-and-tumble rivalry on wheels, celebrating friendship and camaraderie while artfully delineating the struggle within families to understand one another.
This film is so boring that after an hour I was ready to bolt. It picked up a little in the last 50 minutes, but not enough to recommend.
Though it's a ball bearing or two shy of relating to guys, [Drew] Barrymore's flick will hit the target audience.Her point: it's tough to be a teenage girl.
...a bloated, unfocused debut that does not know what it wants to be.
A spunky coming-of-age dramady about roller derby that boasts another stellar performance by Ellen Page.
As a director, Barrymore shows some heart...
I didn't love Whip It, but I found myself enjoying it, almost against my will.
As in most sports movies, the matches are really a means to an end, in this case the maturation of Bliss from a compliant but unhappy daughter to a young woman who knows her own mind.
Thoroughly delightful, invigorating and captivating with just the right balance of drama and comedy.
It's that happiest of surprises: a multiplex movie that genuinely respects its young audience.
An easy movie to like.
Cynical moviegoers who are the first in their circle of friends to look for a movie's missteps probably shouldn't attend Whip It, but many, many people will find something to love in this roller-skating underdog.
For the most part, the 34-year-old Barrymore, with much of her life spent in front of the camera and more than a few impressive producing credits already in the bank, proves steady on her feet, able to handle curves and straightaways with equal grace.
... this is a movie about girls that just wanna have fun
Whip It is an unexpectedly touching film about female empowerment.
Ellen Page expands on the subtleties she brought to her potentially one-note lead role in Juno.
The movie offers another memorable performance from Ellen Page, and it's an auspicious directing debut for Drew Barrymore.
Love may be too strong a word, for me. But I'm deeply in like with Whip It.
Boisterous, cloying, simultaneously raunchy and innocent, hip and klutzy.
A classically constructed coming of age story that fully embraces its girl power attitude.
Roller derby dramedy mixes girl power and teen angst.
Whip It looks like it was a fun movie to make. Unfortunately, it's not all that fun to watch.
Whip It! works...and does so sensationally. Apparently, movies can be fun. It just takes someone like Drew Barrymoore to figure out how.
Barrymore's embrace of gal power is joyful. The skaters are gutsy, goofy or both. They own their own odd sexiness.
It succeeds because of the emotional rather than comic payoffs, such as a late scene between Page and Harden, where daughter and mother, after a rough patch, hit on an unexpectedly serious subject.
Drew Barrymore's directorial debut is a larky and ultimately disposable entertainment.
A surprisingly credible coming-of-age story.
If you're looking for good company, you'll get it.
Set in the rocky world of roller derby, Whip It proves Ellen Page can carry a good script without Kimya Dawson's songs and Michael Cera's sensitivity.
The result is a mixed Whip It crying out for more edge and honesty with a cast that looks like it is playing dress up
Packs the same unfiltered jolts of grrrrrly-girl empowerment Barrymore likes to embrace in her acting gigs.
Make no mistake, despite the promise of girls in fishnets, Whip It! is a chick flick through and through. It may advertise hot girls in skates hitting each other to get you into the theater, but apart from a few tame shots of Page stripping down, o
A moving meditation on the importance of seizing the now early, whatever that might be. Twee and tough, the film elbows aside sports-movie clichés with thoughtful intelligence, emphasis on self-reliance and all-too-rare portrayals of strong women.
Barrymore's first film as a director is both formless and formulaic, but there's a palpable spirit behind it that makes its many rough patches tolerable.
A small-scale movie that feels like it was a lot of fun to make. It has a rambunctious charm, a considerable amount of heart and a steady supply of laughs.
Whip It is good, it just needs to be whipped into better shape.
The roller-derby comedy Whip It is like roller derby itself: sloppy, loud, fun.
Tries to cram in as many plot points as possible to fill its belly with caloric melodrama. It's a diluted journey of feminine self-realization, better with bruises and teamwork than it is with pliable matters of the heart.
Whip It, Drew Barrymore's fledgling outing as a director, stars Ellen Page in an engaging, affirming tale that's more sk8r grl saga than hell-on-wheels ride.
Marcia Gay Harden and Ellen Page shine in Drew Barrymore's directorial debut. Shauna Cross' script is refreshingly original and you will feel great when you leave the theater.
Even if a tale of female empowerment through roller derby is not your particular cup of tea, Barrymore delivers it with such a giddy good sense of fun that it's easy enough to go along with.
Whip It has such a sweet spirit that it's easy enough to let its flaws sail by.
Barrymore nails the big derby action with clarity and the intimate moments with precision, elevating an already captivating story to a deeply human level.
For teenage girls, I could see Whip It being a minor revelation. I hope they see it in droves.
Girls just wanna have fun -- and boy, do they as rough 'n' ready roller derby players -- in Whip It, Drew Barrymore's exuberant and totally winning directing debut.
It will not change the way you think about movies, roller derby or the relations between teenage girls and their mothers, friends or dreams. But it does invite you to stop and appreciate all those things.
Built upon a mountain of clichÃ (C)s, the screenplay wallows in artificiality and, although some of the sports action sequences are well choreographed and have a ring of authenticity, nearly every scene away from the arena reeks of contrivance.
Screenwriter Shauna Cross dulls the edges of her novel Derby Girl, which the skate action and rockin' soundtrack can't disguise.
Drew Barrymore makes her feature directorial debut at age 34, and whips up one of the year's most purely enjoyable Hollywood films.
Juliette Lewis and her crazy eyes pretty much make any movie better.
This is a sweet, comic drama, which seems to hail from another time.
Barrymore's goofball girl power gets her through the clunky moments and formulaic sports-movie redempion clichés.
Little more than your garden variety coming-of-age tale set to the beat of an underdog sports drama, [but] Barrymore manages to make the film both funny and sweet without really trying.
From its opening titles, which fill every inch of the screen, 'Whip It' is an exuberant, confident debut.
Funny, agreeable, and lightly entertaining.
Parental Content Review
Whip It is the kind of film that you can't quite recommend but certainly wouldn't begrudge other people for liking either.
As for Barrymore, while I hope and pray that she doesn't give up her day job anytime soon, her work on "Whip It" suggests that she could do so and make a go of it behind the cameras if she wanted.
Manages to make a sport about women on roller skates beating the crap out of each other tedious.
An excellent freshman feature, I can hardly wait to see what Barrymore picks for her sophomore effort.
Surprisingly moving and pervasively funny, this celebration of female camaraderie is, to borrow a word, pure bliss. Miracle...whip!
There's an extended sequence of underwater kissing that makes it seem that both Page and Pigg are mer-people. Seriously, they never come up for air as they make out in about 15 different positions. It's only the audience that's drowning.
Barrymore gently sells the niceness of it all. It turns out that roller girls just wanna have fun and that the sisterhood of the traveling skates is one big happy family.
Instead of big issues and dramatic acting, Whip It is more like an indie rock album that tween girls everywhere can relate to
As completely conventional as it is entirely winning .. and it's kind of kick-ass, too.
[Drew] Barrymore... embraces the self-expression of this riot grrrl-style roller derby tale and fills the film with team spirit and high energy.
Honest, touching, and a little sad. Whip It starts off as a tale about letting loose but ends up as one about letting go.
There's poignant interaction between the generations, puppy-love lyricism, and just enough edginess to keep adolescents engaged.
Scene for scene and beat for beat, this roller derby crowd-pleaser crackles with joy and jubilation.
Roller derby is more than women in fishnet stockings on roller skates. But Whip It isn't.
Never less than sheer fun, Whip It enlivens Bliss' touching journey and makes roller derby seem so much cooler than boring old football or basketball.
Yes, you know exactly where this movie is going. But Barrymore and writer Shauna Cross give us plenty of reason to enjoy the journey, however familiar.
Heaven on wheels.
There are no real villains here, just normal people making their way through life. And Bliss, while willful, is not horrible; she's just found something she needs to do, fishnets and all, and she's doing it.
It's as if Napoleon Dynamite and Little Miss Sunshine strapped on skates and sailed right into some pat Hollywood comedy.
Whip It, set in the roller-derby subculture of Austin, is a sweet coming-of-age comedy, safe, familiar and comforting.
It goes to show what a good cast can do with certain types of material.
Barrymore has so thoroughly laced Whip It with her own lunatic affections for women and the human race in general that it ought to be sold as an antidepressant.
It's virtually impossible to hate the film, but Barrymore's presence behind the camera suggests more calculation than vision; like a lot of actors who direct, she tends to the performances, but her style never rises above bland proficiency.
For a film about a sport that involves lots of pushing, elbowing and bruising, Whip It is just too overwhelmingly nice.
a welcome blast of grade-A Girl Power.
Barrymore's movie is as bubbly as she is, and its best feature is the atmosphere of all-girl camaraderie that she creates and captures.
Whip It is completely predictable from the first frame. It also is ridiculously, utterly entertaining.
Teeming with girl-power spirit, Barrymore's film exudes an all-encompassing benevolence rather than strident one-upmanship. These girls just want to have fun.
An unexpected pleasure...goofily enjoyable.
Just sort of rolls by, with a lot of attitude but little that adds to the heap of stories about rebellious kids, close-minded parents and underdog sports teams.
The cast is mostly female, the first-time director is Drew Barrymore, and the screenplay comes from Shauna Cross, based on her novel. But the teenage themes are universal: breaking from your parents, discovering yourself and following your bliss.
Yes, the movie has cliches. Yes, it all leads up to a big game. Yes, there is a character's validating appearance near the end. Yes, and so what? The movie is miles more intelligent than most of the cream-of-wheat marketed to teenage girls.
[W]orks within Hollywood conventions of storytelling to handily demonstrate that just because a tale is familiar doesn't mean it can't be fresh and funny and edgy, too...
The roller-derby action is as listless as the comic back-and-forth and the smarmy sentiment, but Barrymore at least proves she's no more mediocre than anyone else at directing such pap.
Barrymore has given the world something wonderful-- a brazenly feminist film that's a tremendous amount of fun.
What Barrymore brings is good-natured, girl-powered subversion, a sense of when to flaunt clichés and when to flip them over the rails.
Whip It suggests what might have happened if Juno had gone to a high school as poky as Napoleon Dynamite's and decided that although her mother wanted her to be a beauty queen like Little Miss Sunshine, she'd rather just strap on roller skates.
This is Juno meets Slap Shot, a well-directed, well-cast romp that doesn't quite transcend its worn formula but is still the best girl-powered sports film since Bend it Like Beckham.
Drew Barrymore has successfully directed a generally fun roller derby movie that never loses sight that the main character's journey should always be kept front and center.
Should we really be rooting for a spry teenager to defeat veteran players 20 years her senior? That doesn't seem like a fair contest, but I guess it was good enough for Rocky Balboa.
There's a lot of underlying potential here, but there seems to have been no one around to whip it into shape.
Highlights: Andrew Wilson as the roller girls' coach (ah, so there's the Wilson brother who can act) and the roller-derby vets (played especially well by Juliette Lewis and Kristen Wiig).
Oh my, ladies: how our fairy tales have changed! A league of rough and tumble women, skating, fighting, competing and whipping their art through otherwise terribly ordinary lives.
Whip It is funny without trying too hard to be wacky, sweet without being overly sentimental.
Page is ill-served by Barrymore, whose only directions apparently were shrieks of "Cuter! No, even cuter!"...turgid, predictable and not particularly funny.
...a fun female-empowerment movie that marks an impressively crowd-pleasing directorial debut for Drew Barrymore.
Barrymore hovers over her actresses like the nicest, most nurturing den mother imaginable, and on its own, Go For It formula terms the movie delivers.
Juno on roller skates!
You admire it for the care that went into fleshing out its characters, the camaraderie that grows between them, and the thrill of watching a few harrowing turns around a skating rink.
Whip It ended up being a total blast. For her first film as a director, Barrymore's done a bang-up job.
Drew Barrymore's feature debut is not a great film but it's highly enjoyable, a light, amusing, offbeat chick flick about a relatively new milieu (roller derby) and new type of screen heroine--tough, resilient, and cool--splendidly played by Ellen Page.
Actor Ellen Page can do no wrong. Unfortunately director Drew Barrymore, screenwriter Shauna Cross, and cinematographer Robert D. Yeoman can.
Barrymore has made a highly promising debut behind the camera and created a first-rate, funny, heart-filled and totally winning entertainment that not only rolls, it rocks.
Whip It greatly benefits from Barrymore's breezy approach and her large female cast's camaraderie.
Some old material given a delightful new grrrl-power twist.
Laced with good-natured hipster kitsch and endearingly goofy girl power, director Drew Barrymore's roller-derby dramedy, Whip It, is a gas.



@highlight

While made from overly familiar ingredients, Drew Barrymore's directorial debut has enough charm, energy, and good-natured humor to transcend its many cliches.