Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson are enormously funny.
The Frat Pack goes from strength to strength in a robust romp that's only marred by the director's apparent inability to say "Cut!"
A bawdy summer comedy for adults and mature teens, this movie features rapid-fire dialogue and sincere affection between best-friend leads and strong chemistry between the actors who portray them.
Sharply honed, if often raunchy.
What should've been an absolutely raucous and no-holds-barred lusty farce is nothing but lame-ass, safe, predictable, lowest common denominator, no-laffs garbage
With great acting, hilarious gags, and great writing, it actually lives up to the hype.
Vince Vaughn commits rampant acts of comic zeal while the script around him crumbles in a movie that loses its thrust like a cat caught in traffic.
The two actors make a good contrasting team and bring an energy to the story that many romantic comedies lack.
The likes of the sneakily subversive Wilson and Vaughn deserve better... but this is darn close to a perfect showcase for what they can do, and how much better they do it together.
Guys will have a few laughs but this certainly won't have the rewatch value of the likes of Old School or the Pie movies.
Unless you check your political correctness at the box office, expect to be offended.
...suffers from a third act that's painfully overlong and needlessly dramatic.
It's good, but it's no Anchorman.
The film's best element is the inspired casting of Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson; their easy repartee helps to grease over the film's shortcomings.
This is a major blast of fast-talking, loopily plotted, politically incorrect film fun.
At this point, Wilson has his laconic surfer-dude persona down pat, so it's Vaughn who really surprises as the hilariously spastic side of the partnership.
There is a considerable fun factor in the movie with its wedding party atmosphere, lively music, dancing and Vince Vaughn's energetic performance.
...the film works so well, on a variety of levels.
This is a must-attend event.
Of the two stars, Vaughn definitely gets the funnier lines, reducing Wilson almost to the role of straight man. Isla Fisher though, manages to steal every scene that she's in, away from both of them.
Sadly, in spite of its cast and seemingly can't-miss premise, Wedding Crashers is at its best a succession of mild chuckles.
you know there's something wrong with a movie when Christopher Walken doesn't get, or give, even one funny line of dialogue.
Conquista o espectador através não apenas de suas piadas, mas também do charme de seus protagonistas.
There is a serious undertow which gives the humour its ballast, but the script does fade out past its natural ending
The energetic first hour has a majority of the hearty laughs before the script shifts unsuccessfully into heartwarming mode.
Wilson and Vaughn generate more chemistry than a high school science project.
It's an easy, breezy, lanky Hollywood rom-com with a brain, for most of its running time.
The delayed frathouse antics haven't a shock in them.
probably the funniest film this year and it's doubtful anything else will be able to challenge that position.
[T]he most thrillingly indecent movie of the year ... any movie that unites Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn ... has little choice but to be pretty hysterical from start to finish.
There are some terrifically funny scenes, but nearly everything is predictable, and, at two hours, it slightly overstays its welcome.
If you want to have a little old-fashioned, questionable fun at the movies, don't miss this midsummer treat.
Vaughn and Wilson handle their comedic duties with the ease and flair of a seasoned team, maybe the second-coming of Hope and Crosby.
The first half of the film finds lot of easy laughs, but the more serious second half tries harder and gets even bigger laughs.
The promise of its raunchy spirit is eventually overthrown by a gooey sentimentality.
Going against the hype, Wedding Crashers wisely favors sophistication over shock value. How you feel about that depends on the open-mindedness of your own inner child.
It's the funniest film of the last year.
This is the single most magnificent comedic portrayal I've seen in ages. Vaughn is a thunderclap so potent he steals every single scene he's in no matter whom he's sharing it with.
Consistently very, very funny stuff.
Outrageous set-ups and saucy dialogue keep the party going and, while it staggers erratically to its conclusion, Wedding Crashers always has its heart in the right place.
Far and away the funniest film I'’ve seen all year.
Vaughn at his funniest makes up for its shortcomings.
Hollywood exercises its right to be raunchy in the often-hilarious R-rated Crashers, a film that also reaffirms Vince Vaughn as one of our best comic actors.
The performances shine with nuance and wit; McAdams and Fisher in particular show how to prevail over stereotypes. It's Wilson and Vaughan who carry the day, however.
There are sections of this film that are so funny it may be illegal in some republican states...
Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn are an inspired comedy double act; hopefully they'll do more movies as a team after this.
The year's best comedy thus far and one of this summer's must-see events.
By my count, it doesn't just crash, it burns.
The laidback stars are funny and sweet, but they're let down by a patchy script which squanders some potentially priceless set-ups.
Sometimes a movie comedy just clicks. Welcome to one of those times.
If you've ever witnessed high-school students try to whip up SNL-type sketch comedy, everything in Wedding Crashers will have a familiar feel.
If this had wrapped at 90 minutes, it would have been perfect. Instead, the film is saddled with a romantic comedy that fits it like cement overshoes.
Pleasant fun...probably the only movie a girl can get her boyfriend to with the word "wedding" in the title all century.
For every robust zinger uncorked by Wilson or Vaughn, Dobkin chases it with a flat or tasteless gag.
... loaded with vile language, despicable behavior by scheming men and features as much topless female nudity as a standard issue movie from the '70s. Go see it!
The frontrunner for this summer's funniest flick, Wedding Crashers is American Pie for grownups.
If one were to actually crash a wedding, it would probably be more entertaining than watching a movie about wedding crashers.
The most exhilarating entertainment to emerge this year from the failed, forlorn factory town of Hollywood, largely because of Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn, the best high-low comedy team since the hey-hey days of Paul Newman and Robert Redford.
Wedding Crashers is a brash, frequently hilarious film that may be overly long but satisfies our desires for a lot of comedy and a little bit of romance.
If ever a movie had 'this should have been 90 minutes' written all over it, this is it.
I laughed out loud when Vince Vaughn said...hmm. No, I guess I can't print that here.
Vaughn and Wilson could do cold readings of Sylvia Plath poems and make them sound hilarious.
A true rarity -- the sort of Hollywood blockbuster-in-waiting for which you can wholeheartedly root.
It's been awhile since we've seen quality rapid-fire dialogue like this. (Vince) Vaughn's lively style is the perfect counterpunch to (Owen) Wilson's Southern drawl.
Wedding crashes hard.Wilson and Vaughn barely save romantic comedy.
It produces more laughs per minute than any film so far this year.
Two thirds of the movie is a winning wedding of romance and comedy, but the last one third crashes
Sometimes ten per cent of your brain is just enough.
Likeable Owen Wilson sails blithely through a potentially brilliant comedy that crashes soon after comedic liftoff.
Vince Vaughn has never been funnier.
...a bawdy, gaudy comedy that shouldn't work but does. It's funny, it's naughty, and it's got heart.
This crude and unabashedly cynical flick is the most uproarious Hollywood comedy since "Meet the Parents."
Dobkin has made a raunchy comedy that delivers enough laughs to merit its randy ambitions. But now that it works, it's a shame that he didn't aim just a little bit higher.
Raunchy humor is easy to do but hard to do well; this film creates characters we believe in and care about, then adds the raunchiness on top. It gets the formula just right.
Quite like a couple deciding to get married, Wedding Crashers is a real waste of potential.
Hysterical. It is the triumphant return of the R rating comedy (and Ben Stiller is not in it).
Drags the setup scenario out for too long and loses its comical edge in the process.
Despite its considerable comic potential, 'Wedding Crashers' features too many silly scenes that made it hard for me to suspend disbelief.
A Maxim-friendly riot that embraces the fact that discussions about sex usually involve terms more risqué than "making love."
I laughed my a** off! Funny, funny, funny!!!
The scene at a crowded dinner table is bound to become the most widely referenced sex gag since Cameron Diaz discovered a new kind of hair gel in There's Something About Mary.
Do you take these guys to be your wedding crashers - I do. They know how to get the party started. The movie is silly and raunchy and exactly what you would hope for.
The smoothly anarchic first ten minutes of Wedding Crashers sets the tone for a cheerfully sleazy tale.
Wedding Crashers may be the most optimistic Hollywood comedy of the year, because it restores at least some dim hope that directors, writers and actors with actual brains in their heads can somehow triumph over unimaginative studio execs.
Wedding Crashers is rude, crude, obnoxious, crass, and almost completely devoid of dignity and respect. In short, I loved it.
Lung-bloatingly funny.
The film's pleasures are greatly outnumbered by its failed expectations.
There's no reason why this movie shouldn't have worked: it's got a funny premise, a talented cast and an obviously lavish budget. But it lands without even a crash; just a dull, unfunny thud.
The thing that elevates it above the level of smirking gag-fest that Vaughn/Wilson have sometimes made in the past, is the critical eye that Crashers ultimately casts on these characters and their methods.
There isn't much of a story to it, but the comic combo of Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn is outrageous.
Director Dobkin should have taken a hint from his carousing central characters -- move in quick, score and get out before they know what's hit 'em.
Why do so many contemporary comedies feel obliged to make room for heartwarming life lessons? Isn't it enough just to make people laugh?
...could have been a rousing satire...
Trust me: You won't hate yourself in the morning. These swindlers are sensational.
Targeting adults means smarter material, if you get the right script, and writers Steve Faber and Bob Fisher have a nice ear for the funnier things that make us human.
OK, so I chuckled and had a decent enough time, but I was expecting the most inspired comedy of summer.
It's a combination of the kind of go-for-it comedies Hollywood routinely made before the PG-13 rating became a symbol as opposed to a standard targeting the widest, blandest possible audience, and sexy romantic comedy.
A profane, uproariously funny film that celebrates and chastises the aging womanizers at its center, played by Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson.
an unapologetically raunchy and frequently hilarious farce... Wilson and Vaughn... work together superbly... Impressively, the rest of the cast is playing at the same level.
In this era of pious pseudopatriotism, any movie that dares to show its 'heroes' using fake Purple Hearts to score free drinks at a cash bar is a thing to savor.
Vaughn is at his best, McAdams is perfectly adorable, relative newcomer Fisher steals scenes from her cast mates with wicked ease; and Walken is, well, Walken.
It's a pretty lousy movie with some funny parts.
The script by Steve Faber and Bob Fisher is one of those high-speed, ping-pong-banter marvels in which you're still laughing from the last great line when you're hit by the next.
If a film is going to be in bad taste, at least it should have the decency to follow through on its convictions, rather than morph into something else.
The cheerfully raunchy Wedding Crashers may be just the cure for Hollywood's summertime box office blues.
This absurd romantic comedy, about a couple of thirtysomething rakes who sneak into bridal parties to meet women, is often laugh-out-loud funny, thanks to the considerable charms of its four leads and a few gleefully tasteless sex jokes.
The funniest movie of the summer.
Beyond the amusing shtick spotlighted in the ad campaign, the picture is a self-nullifying blend of raunch and schmaltz.
The flick brings two hours of great big sloppy buck-wild laughs by morphing into a cross between Meet the Parents and Some Like It Hot.
The happily-ever-after result is ultimately as traditional as one of the more disappointing examples of the institution it spoofs.
Through most of it, there is a wonderful comic energy, boosted by a near-perfect selection of songs, and it even manages to show a little heart without bringing the jocular affair to an abrupt halt.
These Wedding Crashers are not for kids. For grown-ups who like their humor rutting and smart, however, they're unexpected but welcome guests.
No one's going to mistake it for a major piece of cinema, but it's the rare person who won't find themselves consistently laughing aloud . This is one reception you won't want to miss.
Wedding Crashers has something borrowed, a lot that's blue, something old and not much new.
The film starts out quirky, but settles for the routine. And characters, instead of deepening, flatten out.
Mixes sappy sentiment with crude R-rated sexual material, which makes for a sweet-and-salty movie snack.
The one-liners are fast and furious, Vaughn has never been funnier, and the supporting cast is always one-upping each other.
People are desperate for a good laugh, and there are plenty to be had here.
Two hours isn't always too long for a comedy, but it's certainly too long for this comedy.
The antidote to Hollywood's recent string of refried plots and allegorical disasters. Boldly, it embraces what too few big movies have this summer: fun.
Raucous and happily obnoxious, WEDDING CRASHERS makes fun of liars and cheaters, ultimately celebrating a shlocky version of "true love."
...ultimately done in by the need to abide by Hollywood convention and send everyone home in a joshing good mood.
A comedy which, like many big days, ends up with you wanting to see more of some people, goes on too long and ultimately ends up as a bit of an anticlimax.
... An amusing, if a bit crude, summertime diversion.
You can almost never go wrong with the sight of Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn together, hitting on wedding guests and doing their best to out-funny each other.
You'll laugh a lot, you'll get a happy ending, and you'll see a bevy of gorgeous women. Not a bad way to spend a Friday night.
The Vaughn-Wilson chemistry makes Wedding Crashers sing with consistant laughter, but it crosses the finish line with a pronounced limp.
Plays like a slightly raunchier variation of the lackluster 1989 Mark Harmon comedy Worth Winning.
Too long by 30 minutes, but the two leads are a good pair, Vaughn's rapid-fire delivery nicely complementing Wilson's lazy-surfer drawl.
The R rating stands for "romantic" and "ridiculously funny" in this high-spirited, bawdy comedy with big laughs and more than a little heart.
In an era where we exit the most hyped comedies thinking 'maybe the DVD's deleted scenes will be funnier,' it's a rare get.
With nudity, raunchy humor, and filthy language, The Wedding Crashers is my kind of movie, but it's so good and sneaky, it also becomes a very good date movie
Vaughn and Wilson may be the new gold standard of comedy pairings
rides its amusing premise like gangbusters for one solid act, but overextends itself the minute it leaves the comfy confines of its smart setup
Exists to let Wilson and Vaughn perform their schtick, and they get plenty of opportunity to do so.
The movie has a fair share of laughs -- the opening sequence is particularly clever and funny -- but the lengthy competition to see which of these self-centered jerks can be the most obnoxious and shallow soon wears out its welcome.
Crashers slumps badly in the stretch when the filmmakers have to find a way to surprise us when we're fully aware of where the story is going.
John and Jeremy may be damaged, manipulative, emotionally stunted frat boys with mouths like truckers, but they have a sentimental streak a mile wide.
Wilson and Vaughn are generous comedians; they love more than anything injecting disarming affection into their comedy.
Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson star in this amiably raunchy sex comedy as two cut-rate Lotharios who attend weddings specifically to pick up women.
It's often dirty, yes. But it's also manic and inspired.
The extended reception sequences are superbly done, and Vaughn and Wilson are at their best when they're being false and winning at the same time.
When funny people don't censor themselves, funny things happen. Wedding Crashers knows this, and as a result it's one heck of a party.
An insipid romance, with some of the funniest guys in Hollywood squandered on gay jokes, a foul-mouthed grandmother and a checklist of family dysfunction.
I don't think Vince Vaughn stops talking at any point throughout `Wedding Crashers' -- and that includes the scenes he isn't in.
Hopelessly raunchy, helplessly romantic, and wickedly, wickedly funny.
There are a few good laughs, but not nearly enough clever ideas to keep things hopping for two hours.
There are individual moments that are very funny. But it takes a merciless focus to make a good comedy, and the director, David Dobkin, has too much else on his mind.
This buddy comedy is contrived and formulaic but its off-color raunchiness is also fun.
Headed straight for divorce court.
Vaughn, Owen and McAdams form a perfect three-way union.
Vaughn and Wilson make up the best comedy team this year.
The Frat Pack-filled Wedding Crashers is one of the funniest R-rated movies to come around in a long time.
It's exhausting to watch a movie in which you get the sense that no one, for a single second, is trying.
Even with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn doing all they can to keep us entertained, this farce starts to run out of steam as soon as the writers start to run out of jokes.
It's not the most consistent movie, but Vaughn holds it all together.
[Plays] like an only slightly less benign spin on the tiresome fish-out-of-water farce that fueled the two Meet the Parents movies.
Under all the raunchiness, Crashers is actually sort of a sweet movie. And at its best, it perfectly channels the winning personalities of Wilson and Vaughn.
These guys are so perfectly matched, you only wonder why it took so long.
This is all likely to go over like gangbusters at the box office ... but the overall sloppiness and genial contempt for the viewer is tough to ignore.
L'aboutissement logique de toutes les comédies entourant la cérémonie du mariage.
This is a romantic comedy for people who hate romantic comedies, and it will also fully satisfy people already in love with the genre.
Delivers its fair share of laughs & guffaws. Always amusing, fairly engaging. That said, there is no real emotional arc, no grand build to climax.
Seen with forgiving eyes, Wedding Crashers is trashy, raunchy fun.
With Vaughn, sexism, piggishness and chauvinistic jackassery are high art. To watch him in action is to observe Olivier reciting Shakespeare.
Wilson is sweet and cuddly in his insincerity, and Vaughn is so delightedly sleazy that his joy in his own ruthlessness is infectious
What we learn is that the pairing of Vaughn and Wilson is a success to do a matchmaker proud.
Wedding Crashers is a comedy that is unabashedly for adults, bless its bawdy, sentimental heart.
What's weird is that hidden beneath all the nudity and under-the-table hand jobs is the soft, squishy core of a romantic, wide-eyed chick flick.
There's no denying the rough-hewn charm of Wilson and Vaughn who chew it up rude and crude on the bumpy road to true love.
...starts strong and finishes soft, but for a while there we're watching a refreshingly old-fashioned R-rated comedy. It's a happy, horny movie.
Uproariously funny. Vaughn is in the comedic zone. "Go get some strange ***!"
Praise the Lord, Vince Vaughn is back.
Amiable and hollow.
Look Ma, no Ben Stiller!
While the first ninety minutes or so are sporadically amusing, if hardly classic, the sag of the last thirty leaves one anxious for it all to end.
The key word is "waste."
Groundbreaking humor it is not, but who needs that in a summer full of mass destruction and water leaks?
Wilson and Vaughn create an ad libbing comedy duo with chemistry and repartee reminiscent of Hope and Crosby. Rachel McAdams need not steal my heart; I'd give it to her.
Rude, crude, and racy, Wedding Crashers is sort of American Pie for adults, a commercial comedy with a heart for the thirtysomething dating crowd
Wedding Crashers' real secret is that despite flashes of nudity, crudity and mockery of women's raging hormones at the first sight of a trousseau, at its core it's just a big pushover with the heart of a chick flick.
Enjoyably silly but far too long, this buddy rom-com has sharp enough characters and a witty script that keeps us laughing when it wants to.



@highlight

Wedding Crashers is both raunchy and sweet, and features top-notch comic performances from Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson.