It's an almost inherently engrossing premise that's employed to progressively hit-and-miss effect by director Adam Wingard...
...the film never goes into the deeper, more fascinating concepts that it could've tackled, which feels like a missed opportunity.
If they had concentrated more on the investigative element, I would've liked that. The tonal shifts really threw me off.
Death Note is gold. The film, which is never defined, simply remains in nothingness. [Full review in Spanish]
Death Note is a failed product, which we have been starting to see more of from Netflix, lately. It's a shame in a way, because this project had potential. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's more cat-and-mouse suspense than out-and-out frightfest, but it is well worth your time this Nerdoween for a twisting, turning story of twisted morality and murders most foul.
It's probably not going to win over the Manga faithful, but Death Note is entertaining fun despite its failings.
Brave it if you dare, but by the time it's over, the only thing you'll want to write in your Death Note is your Netflix subscription.
An attempt of Final Destination, which is the same as saying "any Hollywood horror movie of the last ten years". [Full review in Spanish]
Contrary to online chatter, the ultimate tragedy of Netflix's "Death Note" adaptation isn't its general infidelity to its source material; it's that it sucks.
[Death Note] whitewashes a cast that's originally entirely Japanese. The result, as you'd expect, is soulless and nonsensical.
"Death Note" doesn't learn from its mistakes, showing little regard for plot as the picture manufactures disorienting character leaps and a non-ending to reward those patient enough to sit through it.
Netflix's Death Note fails Asian-Americans in the more mundane way that most Hollywood releases continue to .
Faint praise this may be, but it is one of the few American anime adaptations to possess any identity whatsoever, let alone to comment on and reconfigure the original text in interesting ways.
Death Note has plenty of faults, but watched with the brain firmly in the "off" position, it becomes easy to enjoy.
The aesthetic recovery by the director and excellent secondary characters (Willem Dafoe is always a wise way to scare), should be enough so that even the most orthodox shinigami remain calm. [Full review in Spanish]
As far as Hollywood remakes go, this version of Death Note will not leave you itching to scribble director Adam Wingard's name into any tome.
Illogical horror film with graphic violence, cursing.
The first half promises so much -- but last half loses the right touch. Scary in parts, I must admit. So some horror fans might like it.
It started as an ambitious project, but ended up falling into an adaptation that doesn't enrich the original. [Full review in Spanish]
A project that feels both overdetermined and underdeveloped.
Everything from the style to the substance is spot on here and Wingard shepherds in his very different vision of the manga beautifully, it's just crammed into too small a time-space to really make an effect.
The premise of Death Note is both killer and deliriously daft, and Wingard is deft in his handling of both these aspects, expertly offsetting the dark humour with the occasional shock of graphically gory horror.
Director Adam Wingard has robbed Death Note of its identity, messing up nearly everything that made the original series so compelling.
Death Note is a whitewashed, hasty, and vapid adaptation that offers one great performance, few thrills, and lots of missed opportunities.
The ending is one of those kinds of endings that try to be ambiguous but instead is so uneventful that we couldn't care less how the story actually finishes.
Death Note carries a weirdly perfunctory air about itself throughout, even as the bodies begin to fall closer and closer to its main duo.
This is a fine beginning to Netflix's dark franchise, but with a little more playtime for Light and his book, Death Note could have been more than a generic fire-starter.
Essentially, Death Note is a serialized detective drama in which two strange wise guys face off to prove their superior wits. It's not that deep.
Death Note suffers from an unsolvable identity crisis.
A chronic side-effect of movies based on existing properties is that they usually alienate those outside its immediate fanbase. Not Death Note. It feels like the first in a series you'd want to see.
Death Note ... feels like it should break through with mainstream audiences - even those who think manga is a type of fruit.
It's paced so quickly and is so focused on action that it never really feels quite like Death Note should.
Not without problems, but also not as bad as you've heard.
The ending will have you switching off your Netflix app in disgust. If you don't die from boredom before you get there.
In trying to translate so much mythology into just one 100 minute movie, an awful lot is lost but given the sorry state of the horror genre, even the vaguest of glimmers is worth something.
It's Death Note by way of Final Destination, a film more focused on cyberpunk-esque visuals and crunchy synth than on any kind of substance.
The movie is a bored demon who bores his audience right along with him.
Adam Wingard's manga adaptation about a teen terror and his killer book does a half-decent job of embracing its weirdness.
At its best, the picture resembles Wingard's sharp-edged 2014 cult movie, "The Guest." More often, it feels like a 100-minute "previously on" montage for a cable TV show.
Adam Wingard's adaptation of the Death Note manga is a narrative clutter, every bit as impenetrable as a stack of Japanese comics scattered across a teenager's bedroom floor.
The movie merely delivers a dim dose of ho-hum horror -- one whose demise, by all rights, can be attributed to natural causes.
Cramming several tons of plot into a one-pound screenplay, the three writers ... have little option but to condense. That said, Mr. Wingard's eye for a stylish image hasn't dimmed.
Death Note is entertaining enough, but it could stand to be a little longer so we could better appreciate its fascinating characters.
The script, credited to Charley Parlapanides, Vlas Parlapanides and Jeremy Slater, is a snarl of loose ends and half-explained devices, but Wingard executes it with style ...
It's fitting that a movie about writing names should be a blank space, baby.
The whole thing feels like the pilot episode of a third-rate comic-book vigilante TV show.
But this thriller-inclined version of "Death Note" doesn't dwell enough on such questions and instead becomes increasingly strained by its own insanity and clogged by clunky dialogue.
Thrillingly twisty and darkly funny, Adam Wingard's American take on the Death Note mythos is the latest word on the diabolical irresponsibility of adolescence.
A constant disappointment that proposes things but doesn't explore them, staying at best in no man's land and at worst leading us to despair for what's happening on the screen. [Full review in Spanish]
Rather than relying on amplifying typical genre conventions, Wingard methodically lays the foundation to set up this particular Death Note adaptation for a potential sequel, but the outcome is more deliberate than inspired.
A stark, entertaining horror movie that is very much a "Death Note" tale, but one that works in its own rhythm for a broader audience, without alienating the core fan base.
Adam Wingard's film is an incoherent mess of tones and styles, confused character motives, and murky narratives.
Cheesy, asinine, convoluted and ludicrous. On the plus side, if your eyeballs need a vigorous workout, this will have them rolling nonstop.
Part of you will wish this had been a Netflix show instead of a Netflix movie - part of you will wish Netflix had left it alone altogether.
Whereas the more grounded scenes of Death Note anchor a startlingly bloody fantasy of power run amok, the scenes that fixate on super powers and code-busting seldom manage to rise above the realm of serviceable YA fiction.
It has enough incendiary elements to grab your attention, but the mishmash of influences can't quite hold it.
Devilishly gory with a macabre sense of humor.
Dafoe absolutely devours the role and chews the surrounding scenery, but he is so entertaining that he only enhances the film.

@highlight

Death Note benefits from director Adam Wingard's distinctive eye and a talented cast, but they aren't enough to overcome a fatally overcrowded canvas.