Trust me, you're going to want to purchase the soundtrack to Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping
The pulling power of producer Judd Apatow has produced a stellar cast of real-life celebrity talking heads, but the fictional underlying story just isn't quite funny enough; doubly so given its familiar path.
I can't image the person who doesn't like Popstar. It's our twenty-first century Spinal Tap.
Popstar's greatest strength is its topicality: It's fascinating to watch a movie where the strongest jokes are completely reliant on the audience's fluency in recent pop culture.
Popstar's silliness is monumental, and wonderful.
Funny, it seems, bears repeating
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is one of those comedies that improves upon subsequent viewings.
Not every joke lands, especially if you're outside of the 18-year-old boy demographic. But for every tepid gag or cringeworthy goof, there's a seriously catchy song to more than make up for it.
It's clear the Lonely Island guys sincerely love the entertainment they're parodying; you have to in order to do it well.
Never Stop Never Stopping is exactly the kind of meaningless subtitle you expect from a tween-oriented pop-concert movie, and it's one of the many things this Judd Apatow-produced mockumentary gets right.
Popstar puts its finger firmly on the computerized pulse of contemporary pop music. This is a cathartic satire -- a much-needed roast of the celebrities currently driving the world mad.
The hero and his support rockers, Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer, who co-directed and with Samberg co-wrote the script, are amiable, antic and tuneful.
Samberg and his co-writers, Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone (the film's directors), give us lots of good, silly jokes, several of them provided by terrific pastiche songs. Extra marks, too, for the celebrity cameos.
Popstar simply doesn't go far enough.
I wanted to laugh. And I often did, but Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping isn't uproariously funny and its cascading series of musical parodies certainly can't touch the winner and still champion mock-doc satire, This is Spinal Tap.
It more than earns it place in the pantheon of great parodies.
Films like Popstar will only get better with age, as we realize the members of this comedy troupe were ahead of their time.
What better way to teach people the meaning of friendship than a mockumentary about a Bieberesque musician who learns that fame isn't everything?
...runs on hilarious, unrelated bits of idiocy.
It's not as funny as Spinal Tap (which film is?), but there are still a fistful of laugh-out-loud moments.
Halfway through "Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping," I kinda wished it would stop.
Amusing but slight, Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is a collection of great and disappointing sketches that add up to exactly the sum of its parts.
An astute satire of the pop music business, this raucous mock-documentary is consistently hilarious from start to finish.
It does drag on some but Samberg's performance is so infectious that you're willing to let a couple slow parts go by.
Depending what decade you were born in, you will either find this feature-length mockumentary spin-off from a popular Saturday Night Live troop utterly, painfully hilarious or as comedically enterprising as filing one's tax returns.
Spinal Tap and Zoolander come together in a comedy take on the pop industry that's hot for the first half before it cools into submission.
Good-natured and nicely performed, if not quite fresh or hilarious enough.
You probably need to spend more time than I do on sites such as TMZ to get all the jokes, but the film nails the oversharing banality of YouTube celebrity.
The film, too, demonstrates solid funny bones, producer-kingmaker Judd Apatow calling in favours enough to please even the most demanding of pop fans and comedy nerds.
Popstar, though, is a mockumentary put together with such brio that you hardly notice that most of its gags are very obvious.
A cheekily enjoyable swipe at the fickleness of fans, fame and the global gossip machine.
This comedy's not exactly groundbreaking, and all the celeb cameos are a bit of a comedy humblebrag, but there are some reasonably sized laughs here ...
Samberg and his posse ... have a good ear for contemporary pop and deliver one or two crackers that, if heard fleetingly, could pass as genuine hits.
One of those films where you can hear the pitch while you're watching the movie.
When the biggest laugh of your entire movie is a Ringo Starr ad-lib, you know it's time to go back and hit that drawing board real hard.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping fails to generate any genuine laughs.
An absolute blast, with a frenetic strike-rate and songs that will worm their way into your ears for days. Like Conner, this comedy's for real.
There's just enough that's glorious here to make this satirical send-up worthwhile.
For the most part, it lives up to this promise of a silly parody of empty-headed pop stardom.
A loose and loving 90 minutes of talking heads, pop-star shenanigans, Macklemore-ribbing parody songs and an outstanding Mariah Carey cameo.
This comedy is great fun and serves as the perfect star vehicle for the hilarious Andy Samberg.
... just as forgettable as the chart-topping ditties it seeks to lampoon.
There are some laughs, especially in the brisk opening half, but the joke wears thin pretty quick.
The plot has no surprises to offer but Samberg and company just happen to come up with a selection of inane and zany music to gel the narrative together.
Made with good cheer, it's consistently funny and never overstays its welcome.
To borrow the film's parlance: It never stops not stopping being funny.
You've got to be pretty savvy to come across as completely clueless.
It quickly becomes evident that this expensive-looking feature is an overextended Saturday Night Live digital short that would have worked better on the small screen.
By the end, it's provided a few laughs, but it's also become too much pop-packaged-product.
It's amusing at worst and riotous at best.
The ego, excess, and product synergy just don't feel all that exaggerated from pop music's real-life absurdities.
The references to rap and EDM may be recent, but the spirit of Spinal Tap animates Popstar, as it does most mock-docs. Here, it's right down to Sarah Silverman channelling Fran Drescher from the original, as the feisty, in-house publicist.
Samberg's funny but raunchy comedy skewers fame.
The songs are an insanely comic combination of infectious beats and deranged lyrics. The Judd Apatow-produced film pushes the raunch envelope farther than any mainstream comedy in memory.
...while it admirably mocks the sounds rap musicians try to foist off as 'music,' and 'lyrics,' ...there are far too many F bombs...but the production values are of high quality, the rap music almost agreeable,...and the film reasonably enjoyable.
It turns out rising from fame and falling from it make for equally good material.
The last time I spent 86 minutes that lasted this long, dental work was involved.
The Lonely Island's 'Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping' feels very much like an 86-minute 'SNL' Digital Short, which is both a compliment and a complaint.
Popstar is a resounding comedic success, with good-natured humor and a pop-music skewering lens.
The men of The Lonely Island have proven themselves to be masterful tweakers of celebrity imagery, and the movie gets plenty of comic mileage from the phalanx of big names taking part in the circus.
Popstar doesn't quite reach This Is Spinal Tap levels of satire (few things could), but as a send-up of the mores of today's celebrity-obsessed culture, it largely succeeds.
Instead of clawing at the soul-sucking nature of bad pop music, "Popstar" makes easy jokes about weed and poop and vacuous celebs that's more "Zoolander 2" than "Zoolander."
This Is Spinal Tap was able to turn the knob up to 11 -- with Popstar, 4 on the dial is the best one can reasonably expect.
A pitch-perfect spoof of both the modern-day music scene and a social media-obsessed culture that believes you only have worth if everyone's watching your every move.
Even an auto-tune wouldn't help this one
Bubblier than a prosecco cocktail, Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is a fake cinematic documentary that (mostly) pulls off a tough feat: it lampoons music genres that are insanely over-the-top.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is essentially a solid Lonely Island sketch over-stretched to fill a feature-length running time.
The Lonely Island, the trio behind the funniest musical videos on Saturday Night Live for the past decade, transfers its skills well to the big screen with Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping, a raunchy take on concert documentaries.
The songs draw blood, although the rest of the film is soft. Popstar should have a decent home-video life, if only because the torrent of jokes is nonstop -- and at least a half-dozen of those catchphrases should be part of our slang for years to come.
Rarely does a SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE concept translate so effectively into a feature film, but POPSTAR accomplishes that transformation with a good nature, coherent script and nimble, non-stop jokes.
Even the cameos (which are countless and inspire constant giggles of recognition) are used with cleverness.
It is a smart idea and it is ambitious. It is just too bad that it wasn't funnier.
Star Andy Samberg & Co. are at their best when they're deadpanning as addlepated celebrity man-children whose vision of the good life involves the getting of ways and the indulging of whims.
Funny and witty enough to be a comic chart-topper this summer season.
There are many, many good jokes, the performers all seem to be enjoying the ridiculous bits offered them and the songs are both melodically catchy and clever in their abject puerility.
Andy Samberg and his best buds behind the once-scorching "SNL" videos pop with some laughs and loads of celeb cameos. Regardless, it's more silliness than bullseye satire, with a few downright offensive moments to boot.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping just might be the dumbest movie of the summer -- which, in spite of how it sounds, is an absolute compliment.
Popstar aspires to be the Spinal Tap of the MTV pop music era. It succeeds mostly because the bar is low. But it is smart about being dumb.
Too often ... it feels lazy and derivative and it's difficult to recommend something that, despite offering a few solid laughs, is instantly forgettable.
The snort-laughs are as regular as a metronome, and a third of them are jabs at Justin Bieber
The result is not without misses. But as with any pop star, what you'll remember are the hits.
As the father of two daughters, I've probably been exposed to more Top 40 music in the past two years than I was in the previous 25. But even if I had been allowed to wallow in dad-rock oblivion, I still would have found "Popstar" to be very, very funny.
A genial take-off rather than a sharp satire...agreeable but overlong, and lacks edginess, coming across as more affectionate than cutting.
THIS IS SPINAL TAP for millennials - a knowing and often hilarious satire of the already state of pop stardom.
A grab bag of often brilliant skits and zingers and wild mock music videos. There's also a story.
Justin Bieber, please go to your nearest safe space. Immediately.
"Popstar" isn't "This Is Spinal Tap" with its biting satire and forever quotable dialogue. Even though there are laughs to be had, as a feature, it proves to be frustratingly lame.
As long as you don't mind the often decidedly adult humor and R-rated comedy, there are plenty of laughs to be had, both big and small. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Nudity, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
"A very funny mockumentary about fame in a world of oversharing."
One of the best parodies of the music business, stardom and more, when Popstar is focused.
A legitimate look at celebrity culture delivered in a way that's as funny as it is thought-provoking.
As a satire of modern pop stardom, "Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping" could use a little more pop.
"Popstar" is frequently ingenious, and even though some of the humor is broad, profane and ridiculous, it also has a number of moments and lines of dialogue that are unexpectedly sublime.
Popstar gets to satirize not just music, but also celebrity culture in a way that a movie such as Spinal Tap never could - because, well, the internet and 24-hours news cycle didn't exist in 1984.
It's a Lonely Island film through and through: very funny, with slickly produced music, and it runs out of steam before it's over.
We can indulge the fantasy and spurt of creativity for five minutes. But ninety minutes of stroking the same joke is putting your dick in a box, dragging it across a car window, and digging it six feet under.
Hilarious, sweet, and full of great, fun music.
By the time you figure out a joke isn't working, two more have gone by. It tries so hard to entertain you, it would be hard-hearted not to give in.
Featuring a new set of terrifically ridiculous songs from the group, and a highly calibrated, delightfully singular comedic punch, Popstar deserves to be a chart topper.
If it's not exactly unforgettable, it's still pretty fun.
With Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping, a pitch-perfect parody of the modern pop-umentary, The Lonely Island finally succeed on the big screen with their generation's This is Spinal Tap.
Popstar's not revelatory, but it's an awful lot of fun.
Front and center, carrying the film, is Samberg in what is easily the most winning film performance of his career.
Popstar makes a feature-length film out of what could have been a 45-minute Comedy Central special, or roughly 28 hit-or-miss SNL short films
The movie's early efforts to satirically skewer the contemporary pop-music factory give way to gags that are simply random for the sake of being random.
It's bright, affectionate, and so keyed into our particular pop moment that it all but hurls itself into a time capsule.
Even if you find bits of "Popstar" funny, it's likely to seem stale as it goes on.
There's a real knack to composing a song that is intentionally, elaborately terrible. The Lonely Island guys spent 15 years mastering the skill and contribute some of their best work in 'Popstar.'
Genial, silly, and instantly forgettable, "Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping" is just another piece of product from the larger "Saturday Night Live" universe, a way for a former cast member to try to prove he's capable of carrying a movie.
The film is stuffed with sendups, loaded to the gills with musical artist and SNL heavy cameos and studded with hilariously awful songs, but plays it safe, keeping Conner4Real more clueless than hateful.
It's insightful, catchy, and poppy in all the right ways and it will have you humming its raunchy tunes as you exit the theater.
It's basically thin stuff, but there's no denying that this sendup of all things pop music is quite often an uproarious barrelful of laughs.
Though a mediocre movie, it's seriously funny, relishing in the sophomoric, occasionally shocking, and devoted silly.
Although at slightly less than 90 minutes the film seems too long, it's an impressive showcase for Samberg's oddly endearing brand of comic cluelessness.
I imagine it will attract the college set in droves. For me it was like kale.
Samberg and his collaborators choose to embrace even their crassest targets in what amounts to a teasing but forgiving hug.
If Popstar often feels like a series of their Saturday Night Live music videos, there's plenty of payoff. These guys play very well together.
Once the surface is scratched, you're likely to find that "Popstar" is far smarter than you expect it to be.
It's about as briefly entertaining and disposable as the music it spoofs.
Everyone from Bieber to Kanye gets ribbed in this hilarious mockumentary. It's nonstop party time for fans of the Lonely Island, made up of Andy Samberg, Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone,
The movie's uninspired plot about a rapper who struggles with his second album has enough material to fill a three-minute sketch on Saturday Night Live. And even then, there would be about a minute of failed comedy.
On display in Poster is the full panoply of pop music's glorious, ego-warped idiocy, from the demented bubble of an entourage to pseudo poses of humility by the famous.
"Popstar" scores a heartening success-to-failure gag ratio.
For me, while it's not quite "This Is Spinal Tap," it scores at least a 7 out of 11.
The Lonely Island may be best in small doses, but there is just about enough goofiness here to fill an hour and a half.
Ultimately, "Popstar" and the Lonely Island tip more sacred cows than they slaughter, but their approach absolutely fits the material. This isn't a satire of the way we live now, but it's a wise, wicked and funny satire of the way we leisure now.
A lewd, frequently hilarious six-minute "Saturday Night Live" segment s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d to an ultra-tenuous 86-minute Spinal Tap wannabe.
Not every joke lands ... but Popstar does just enough to keep you entertained with its cavalcade of musician cameos and a great lead performance by Samberg.
The pleasure of "Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping" derives not from the sting or accuracy of its satire ... but from the precision of its timing and the singular comic energy it derives from the talents on display.
Absolutely hilarious and somewhat gentle with its pantsing, pursuing an arc of sincerity instead of simply banging away with cheap jokes.
What's good about this movie is funny, and refreshing, enough to make the dry spots feel more tolerable in retrospect.
Crammed full of sly jokes and pitch-perfect song parodies (not to mention a staggering roster of surprise cameos), Popstar careens along, delivering far less abstract laughs than the trio's previous cinematic venture, 2007's Hot Rod.
Samberg's Conner swaggers through it all, but he never lets us forget he's just an overtattooed white guy riddled with self-doubt.
It's damn funny and surprisingly smart.
It's when Popstar lampoons the specifics of modern-day pop materialism (awkward social media endorsements, over-sharing, an obsession with branding and catchphrases) that it finds its most inspired gags.
Samberg, Taccone and Schaffer are all alums of "Saturday Night Live." Sketch comedy is their strength, but unfortunately that strength isn't sufficient to sustain a full-length feature.
Like Justin Bieber or Katy Perry, Conner isn't quite entertaining enough for an entire feature film.
"Popstar" wants to be culturally insightful, but in refusing to interrogate itself, subverts its own message.
It has genuine outrage, a good-humored but clear-eyed take on today's pop culture as a morass of corruption, idiocy and relentless self-promotion.
Scene after scene in Popstar is wonderfully conceived and executed and it makes for a great time at the movies.
... there isn't a single scene in Popstar bogged down with the improvisational filler of any Seth Rogen comedy out there. These Lonely Island guys don't coast.
The film's lampooning of a business built on pure surface extends to its riotous original songs.
[An] exceedingly absurd Spinal Tap-ping takedown of modern pop music, social media and celebrity crash-and-burns.
For its opening half, Popstar is the funniest film of the year. And even though it tails off, it's still warm, fun, and full of catchy, hilarious songs.
Samberg and company are keen observers of pop culture and every facet of its insanity, doing their very best to out-size that which already feels larger than logic.
There's so much stuff crammed into its speedy 86 minutes that you might not notice that theoretically, at least, it shouldn't work.
While The Lonely Island's brand of humor isn't exactly high-class, I never stopped laughing throughout Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping.
Popstar has the joke density of Naked Gun, songs funnier than Weird Al, and a kind of backyard surrealism that rivals Tim and Eric. It's not just funny, but many different *kinds* of funny.
No, it's not a high-concept, big-budgeted summer blockbuster. But that's sort of the point - and surprisingly the delight.
Spinal Tap: The Next Generation
A superbly silly send-up of the modern musical landscape, "Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping" is as thimble-deep as the throwaway hits it's satirizing, but also just as lively.
This new movie feels more like a series of sketches that all happen to revolve around the same handful of characters. That said, those sketches are fairly funny.
The Lonely Island at their best and a brilliantly clever successor to This is Spinal Tap.
Conner4Real is funny, but Justin Bieber is funnier.
Reveals an insiders' knowledge of the vapid pop music scene, allowing the jokes, even the weaker ones, to land all the harder.
It has a few amusing moments, but it's really a predigested one-joke comedy. It's less an honest satire than an overscaled satirical package.
No musical mockumentary can avoid comparisons to This Is Spinal Tap, so you may as well go for a near carbon copy. The gamble pays off.
Fun music videos and concert bits wed to an unfunny "Behind the Music" sketch.
The stupidly funny builds upon the groaningly funny only to be trumped/remixed/meme-ified until it's sublimely funny.

@highlight

Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping updates the rock mockumentary for the 21st century mainstream -- and hits many of its low-hanging targets with side-splitting impact.