While riveting to watch... it's actually quite sad and even enraging to watch what plays out like a form of modern day slavery.
[Ballplayer: Pelotero shows] the contrast between the pure joy of baseball and the hardcore, and often problematic, business that it has become in the Dominican Republic.
The dynamic here suggests what's at stake for Miguel and his family.
Illuminating -- gets into the uneasy combination of moral benevolence and almost parasitic business interest that informs non-familial adults helping shepherd poor Dominican kids into pro baseball.
[The] Directors...try to soften...ugly truths with sentimental stories of teenagers getting signed and pulling their families out of poverty, but the portrait of widespread exploitation overwhelms the intended effect...[ END HERE ]of these subplots
Although this film is a "must see" for baseball aficionados, its narrow scope takes it out of the big leagues.
It's an eye-opening look at a flawed, potentially exploitative system and how it is being gamed from all sides of the table -- the story of the collision of youthful dreams and a cutthroat adult cartel.
Can you say 'Moneyball' en espanol?
Hard-hitting sports doc examines the darker side of the recruitment of young baseball players in the Dominican Republic for the major leagues.
What gives Pelotero its edge is a nexus of corruption, exploitation and betrayal that transforms this well-shot, cannily edited item into an engrossing expose.
The next time I see some superstar athlete giving an interview that suggests the absence of a functioning soul, I'll think of the two tense, joyless boys at the center of this quietly devastating documentary.
A documentary narrated by John Leguizamo that provides a seldom-seen look inside the training camps run by MLB in that impoverished nation.
An efficient and often-enthralling documentary that follows the plight of two Dominican hopefuls on their path to the major leagues.
We're so used to hearing innocuous clichés come out of the mouths of major leaguers in postgame interviews that the accusations and innuendo in this film are startling.
Full of twists and turns, including use of a spy camera, charges of exploitation of young players and a wrenching betrayal, "Ballplayer" offers a starkly unromanticized picture of the life and times of these particular boys of summer.
A scrappy documentary about teenage ballplayers in the Dominican Republic.
A well-crafted, bravely revealing little film that could be considered essential education for baseball fans.
A surprisingly nuanced essay on the collision between poverty, hope, exploitation and passion.
Ballplayer: Pelotero answers the question on some sports fans' minds-Why is it that 20 percent of American professional baseball players are Dominican?-by tracking the rise (and sometimes fall) of hopeful young players in the Dominican Republic.
It's a wealth of semi-examined ideas about globalization and a twist on the commoditization of our national pastime, all of which are tumbled out, then largely set aside.
An interesting film that requires you to think about where and from whom statements are coming from and consider the ideas and speculative accusations appropriately.
The doc is a sly, interesting achievement: It opens as an entertaining sports story and closes as a metaphor for government corruption.
A gripping documentary that takes us inside the largely closed world of youth baseball training and recruitment in the Dominican Republic.
Ballplayer initially declares that it is about dreams, ambition, and family struggles, but by focusing almost entirely on money and market values, it strikes out.
[An] essential, if artless, baseball exposé...
An unexpectedly gripping portrait of how MLB's sausage gets made ...
An up close look at the challenging lives of young men in the Dominican Republic who aspire to become major league baseball players in the U.S., as their ticket to a better life for themselves and their families.

@highlight

Gripping and surprisingly nuanced, Ballplayer: Pelotero is a frank exploration of the nature of corruption in baseball recruitment.