Smart thriller is for mature older teens only.
Maybury is an artist in addition to a director and it's clear that he has an eye for colour, which he uses cleverly to reinforce emotion.
A morose and bleached-looking affair, with depressing music by Brian Eno to match.
There's nothing wrong with a little vicarious experience when you go to the movies, but the director seems to think that his supernatural psycho thriller has to drive you crazy, just to get what it's like to be really insane.
A solid attempt to wrestle with some big questions. The cast is exemplary and the premise and script are well reasoned and artful. But it doesn't quite come together.
Tadjenin seems to draw inspiration from two books: "10 ways to copy 12 Monkeys" --a far inferior read to "10 ways to write 12 Monkeys"-- and "Common Sense: A Stranger"
As incoherent as it is enjoyable, The Jacket hits the marks that it set out to, yet leaves the audience a bit cold with its squeaky clean ending.
The only real scares here take place as images in Brody's head when he hallucinates under Dr. Becker's treatment. The rest of the film has a somewhat sappy quality to it and doesn't deliver any suspense or thrills of any kind.
film whose quality defies its script
Conta com conceitos interessantes, embora demore um pouco mais do que deveria para revelá-los para o espectador.
Ambitious-verging-on-pretentious screenplay adroitly lensed by a director with impressive formal command.
It doesn't wash - they just end up with hogwash...
What we get is mostly a convoluted tale that tries hard to seem far more important than it is. In fact, it's all rather banal and sentimental.
Part of the fun with twisty time-travel movies is in trying to figure out what's going on and The Jacket delivers nicely on that score, keeping you guessing till the end.
By basic definition a time-travel yarn, but to say that is to make this rather turgid drama sound more interesting than it is.
Ultimately it doesn't amount to much, but like Starks' drug-induced trip, The Jacket is about the journey not the destination.
Brody was over-qualified for this part.
The story goes back and forth into the future and then the past and is very disturbing. This is an interesting premise but a little too crazy for me.
This patchwork of horror, time travel, romance, medical and war drama with a thriller through-line suggests an unfortunate case of too many designers in the atelier.
A fresh, fun science-lesson for the noggin.... Brody is solid
If you've ever wanted to get a really good look at Adrien Brody's iris or Kris Kristofferson's incisors, this is the movie for you.
... the arthouse version of The Butterfly Effect, complete with Oscar(TM)-winning actors and a much poorer script.
Rappelons surtout que tout cela a déjà été fait ailleurs, et potentiellement en mieux.
The acting is uniformly excellent.
"The Jacket" isn't a one-size-fits-all for every audience.
...feels very laborious and restrictive in its hallucinatory haze. What it boils down to is this: if The Jacket doesn't fit, you must not acquit.
It doesn't really hold together on a logical level, but it's fascinating and powerfully emotional.
...It's simply not enticing enough...
Where Maybury's direction is relentlessly stylish, screenwriter Massy Tadjedin's script sputters along from one unlikely scenario to the next.
The Jacket may be flawed, but it's also richly compelling.
It is the work of conspicuously smart people operating under the assumption that the mass audience whose money they want is pretty dumb, and hence concoct a pretty dumb movie that they believe said audience will mistake for being smart.
A movie designed to be a thriller, but it turns out to be merely creepy and grimy.
It takes a bit of shock therapy for the film to effectively relate, but once the drugs kicked in, I was interested.
This is one time-travel movie that isn't interested in the paradoxes inherent in time travel. It has much more fundamental paradoxes to worry about.
The Jacket tries to do many things and succeeds in a fair portion of them.
I wouldn't go as far to say that The Jacket is the best film of 2005 so far, but it's definitely worth checking out instead of some of the garbage that's out there.
Its compelling desire to be convoluted and quirky dilutes its entertainment value.
It just bounces Brody back and forth in time and yanks us around, and around, and around.
It's an apt description of how war, waged by the Organization for the Organized, works on its warriors, victims and heroes both.
A movie that draws attention to the obvious correlation between the space-time continuum and straight jackets.
The Jacket is ultimately a film about nothing important although the director and cast desperately want you to think otherwise.
Forgettable.
Save your money, wait for the inevitable extended version DVD, which will hopefully explain itself better then this version does.
A curious amalgam of amnesia, psychiatry, murder and even romance that adds up to one of the most intriguing films in recent years.
Massy Tadjedin's script is on the cusp of something special, but is too disjointed for it to work properly...
A great many supernatural things happen in The Jacket, though they ultimately make little sense and amount to even less.
In fact, the film's central twist hinges on the audience becoming as enamored with her as Jack does, and the fact this never happens puts The Jacket in a hole right from the word go.
The cast is uniformly excellent and the production is artfully eerie, even if the story is a Frankenstein of borrowed movie parts that don't always fit together seamlessly
Maybury - ...with help from Brody's terrific sympathetic performance - takes us on a trip with its own emotional logic.
The Jacket... is stylishly directed with the added benefit that it doesn't seem like every other horror/fantasy/science fiction movie you've seen in the last 10 years.
...a noble failure attempting to be both a brainteaser and an emotional journey while never quite achieving either.
The Jacket is a cool psychological thriller with great acting and a story that keeps you guessing.
The Jacket is doing nothing but sampling elements of Jacob's Ladder, The Silence of the Lambs and Memento.
Here, Maybury is just arty for art's sake, filming entire scenes in close-ups so big that viewers leave the theater knowing way more than they ever wanted to about the lead actors' bridgework.
Pic begins as a potentially intriguing study of the depersonalizing effects of warfare, only to end up a pastiche of time-travel and psycho-ward movie cliches.
This heady mix of fantasy, romance and mind-bending monkeyshines survived a tortured development process ... to emerge, if not unscathed, intact and intense.
It suffers from a common thriller syndrome these days: the desire to explain away madness with logic.
Maybury tricks everything up with a hyperkinetic directing style that relies heavily on constant flashes, trippy quick cuts, icily bleached-out colors and frequent, odd close-ups of everyone's dental work.
Maybury's attempt at a more mainstream movie is really just a simple love story cloaked in a lot of metaphysical mumbo-jumbo.
A dark and twisted gothic about a man's struggle to make sense of a senseless world. Whether you make much sense of this film is an entirely different story.
Although there are striking moments, thanks to Maybury's feel for atmosphere, The Jacket is pretty hollow to the core.
A clever story with a decent cast but lacks the sort of skilled handling (paging M. Night Shyamalan) that might have made it a noteworthy supernatural thriller.
A somber piece of intellectually challenging entertainment.
A sci-fi fantasy with an unusual bit of gravity and style.
The Jacket is a horrifyingly strange and cluttered but innately fascinating movie-going experience, especially with Adrien Brody's layered performance at the helm.
The characters in the tepid sci-fi thriller The Jacket, starring Adrien Brody and Keira Knightley, are so flat and the dialogue so dull you expect it to be one of those movies whose existence is justified by a big final twist.
I enjoyed the electroshock ambience, and accepted the ride as a jumped-up sci-fi mystery.
Even the viewer who finds the premise too far-fetched to accept may nonetheless come away impressed with the ambitiousness of the attempt and even be moved by the emotional effect of the film's well-staged concluding sequence.
Works best if you turn off your mind, relax and let Adrien Brody's jittery paranoia fill you with dread.
The great mystery of The Jacket is how so many really terrific performers got sucked into such a silly movie.
There are some intriguing twists and a pervasive feeling of unholy danger.
At times it seems like a daring mindbender. At other times, it just seems unintentionally absurd.
Apparently, there's a lot less to this picture than meets the eye.
Entertaining B-flick fun, a horror movie with art-house aspirations.
If you can buy the entire psychic flying about and enjoy a bit of sick torture, The Jacket is a lot of fun -- fast, frightening and furiously intent.
It seems unsure of exactly what it's trying to say, as if its focus was changed by the studio to make it more audience-friendly.
The Jacket's not a failure, and I'm sure that it will have its fans. It's not a movie I ever need to see again, though.
An impressive application of mood and style can't really bring a skittering script into focus.
There's a lot to think about. What's lacking here is something to care about.
It's basically Mr. Brody's movie, and his performance is riveting.
I was still with The Jacket at the end, largely because Brody makes a compelling antihero.
It doesn't entirely succeed, but it's certainly a change from today's standard mysteries and horror movies.
Oscar winner Adrien Brody--tall, thin, twitching, and painfully earnest--makes for a convincing romantic lead.
The movie, taking its cue from Jack's deep weariness and depression, trudges through its paces as if it were deep and meaningful, which I am afraid it is not.
The Jacket may not be the worst thing out there but it's eminently forgettable.
Too much light shines through the holes of the plot, the tone gets stuck on the B-movie level, and the underpinnings of romance and revenge are trite for all the fancy trimmings.
On the surface, the film comes off as fairly clever, but the more you examine the plot, the more flaws you'll see.
Director John Maybury amps up the quick-edit visual shocks, which mostly serve to distract from the lack of a story.
The Jacket relies more on strong acting and humanist philosophy than on the desire to shock that doomed The Butterfly Effect.
Creepy...but not in a good way.
This thriller knows where it wants to go, and won't let science stand in its way.
Eventually abandons its trippy sense of mind-bending mystery for life-is-beautiful affirmation: a Reader's Digest message camouflaged within Nine Inch Nails grisliness.
The tremendous potential lying at its heart remains unrealized, despite good intentions and an apparently earnest effort.
...it's hard to ignore the audaciousness with which the story unfolds.
There's no end to the maze of unanswered questions in the screenplay.
For a while, the moody atmosphere and trippy visuals add up to an unnerving experience.
Our hands close on air.
I like a good mind f**k as much as anyone, but hey, Mr. Movie, do not roll over and light a cigarette before you've done your job.
That Maybury's film avoids easy categorization (and the increasingly cheap twistiness of today's psychological horror thrillers) is one of its finest points.
Moody, unstuck-in-time chiller is elevated by strong work from its stars -- especially Adrien Brody.
The finished product can't be endorsed as readily as the bravery of the choice of material itself.
Unusually wise about its visual vocabulary.
The real shock of Jacket is actress Keira Knightley, who bumbles the critical role of Jackie with her clownish method acting and odd American-accented line delivery.
The two actors generate a decent chemistry together and manage to give this cobbled-together stinker whatever tiny shred of credibility it possesses as a romance.
The turgid, lurid hybrid is finally more donkey than thoroughbred.
For those who are patient, the payoff is one that you won't soon forget.
The ending is a giant anticlimax that only gets more frustrating the more you think about it.
Make no mistake, this movie is terribly silly, but it's not completely terrible.
The ambitions of the film are diffused by a nagging sensation that we've seen it all before, and done with a surer hand.
I appreciate the way the story is developed, taking audiences into The Twilight Zone, but not leaving them stranded there.
A complex puzzle cooked up by some admittedly smart people, but populated by characters too artificial to ever care about.
A movie that seems intelligent until you catch on that it's all images and attitude without much underneath.
It draws you into its grim and mysterious world through the first half of the movie, then falls apart like a house of cards in a hurricane.
Makes little sense and much ado.
Admirable experiment in psychological science fiction.
A mesmerizing, mind-bending, time-traveling, chillingly surreal psychological thriller
This is a smart thriller, with above-average heft and imagination in the story, the structure, and especially in the striking visuals.
Not original and doesn't have an awful lot aside from the good acting to recommend it.
While screenwriter Massy Tadjedin's derivative premise definitely taps into universal fears, director John Maybury ... lays it on a bit thick.
An unexpectedly moving picture.
What sounds formulaic is elevated by strong performances -- particularly from Brody -- interesting plot revelations and an approach that forces you to look into your soul, one of the scariest places for many of us.
A gruesome, pretentious and incompetent mess.
Starts out like a ball of jittery fire ... but becomes increasingly, distressingly square as it nears the homestretch. Its theory could stand a little more chaos.
Too littered with loose ends and 'huh?' moments to work as the edgy sci-fi thriller-romance it wants to be.
What it all means doesn't really become clear until the end, and at that point the unraveled mysteries seem a touch trite.
Feels like it must be the 12th jolt-laden morbid thriller to open this year, yet it's the first that doesn't insult your intelligence.
One can't help but wonder how American soldiers in Iraq would respond to seeing their inescapable reality used as fodder for an escapist thriller in which the real enemy is bad hospital management.
Maybury, whose background in experimental film influences his style, keeps The Jacket grounded in the familiar while its sense of reality remains shrewdly vague.
Raises unsettling questions about identity and about how accurately we perceive the world we think we live in.
The hero's condition, which goes unconnected to the amnesia of war, instead becomes an allegory for a filmmaker forgetting his roots.
...if you liked VANILLA SKY, THE BUTTERFLY EFFECT and 12 MONKEYS, and appreciated the 'concept' of GOTHIKA but thought the movie sucked, I think you'll enjoy this film.
Lukewarm kitsch...neither powerful enough to be taken seriously nor splashily crude enough to be a guilty pleasure.
A thoughtful, compelling alternative to the genre tripe that's been occupying theaters of late.
'The Jacket' tries to be too many things at once, and its various elements get in the way of each other.
the first great film of 2005
Like being pushed into a swimming pool with all your clothes on or hitting the curb on your bike and tumbling onto a patch of soft grass.
Fails to deliver because we've seen a lot of it before, only done better
I left the theater a different person than when I entered ... one of the year's best films.
That the movie never attempts to even offer an explanation of its weird science exemplifies the haphazardness that dominates the picture.
The Jacket is an uncategorizable little film; part romance, part horror, part mind-bending dimensional study
It's finally unsatisfying, but the stars keep it involving.
An effective claustrophobic nightmare.
Like The Butteryfly Effect, but not nearly as much fun, The Jacket is more often tedious than tense.
Weighs in on a paltry premise but ultimately pays off in tension and redemption.
I was ready to walk out of this after the first 20 minutes. But I stuck it out and am I glad I did because it evolves into a quirky, thought-provoking time warp mystery.
On each level: the human, the futuristic, the romantic, the legal, the ironic -- it remains consistent and compelling. Steven King and M. Night Shyamalan: take a lesson.
Straps you in for a head trip that promises hallucinatory wonders but delivers the same old Hollywood formula with sugar on top.
Moves like a thriller yet rarely does anything thrilling.
Adrien Brody convinces with his portrayal of a man who is committed to an institution for the criminally insane.
A neat little time travel thriller that ought to appeal to fans of this particular sci-fi subgenre . . .
An entirely misleading trailer, an entirely thrill-free thriller.
You'll either walk away with a headache, or praising filmmaker John Maybury for his unique narrative...and it is unique, but in my eyes, it's also a big giant mess.
The Jacket is not likely to be everyone's cup of tea, but filmmaker John Maybury has forged a mesmerizing mindblower.








@highlight

The Jacket is a case of creepy style over substance.