Those looking for a good thriller should be pleased enough and those seeking a serious art film will get plenty of philosophy with their pretty pictures.
Bristling with existential doubt and ennui . . . Carrère's half-nightmare, half-dream vision of one man's imprisonment in his own life remains satisfyingly unresolved and stubbornly unique.
Kafkaesque story of man who shaves trademark moustache. Afterwards everybody--wife included--insists that he has never had one!
A dizzying experiment, evocative and frustrating at the same time.
As with the recent French films Lemming and The Bridesmaid, La Moustache generates a high level of tension with the most mundane things.
A mind-bending treat adapted by director Emmanuel Carrère from his novel.
What the movie lacks visually, it makes up for with the performances, especially by Lindon, who leads us on a journey we want to stick with even if we can't fully understand.
In one sense it's what might be called 'typically French,' an exquisitely observed fable of bourgeois life that is mordant, witty and yet low-key. In another sense, it's what might be called 'nuts.'
It's a brief, simple film that never overreaches but, if you're into it, it raises fascinating questions about identity.
A shuddery, enigmatic study in psychological suspense.
An absorbing riddle posed in cool, matter-of-fact tones.
I found it mesmerizing from beginning to end.
As intelligently as Carrère handles this material, giving it just the right hint of distance and ambiguity, La Moustache tends to drift toward the mechanisms of the thriller.
The Hitchcock-style story...is intriguing from start to finish, despite the lack of answers to the many questions it raises. And, that ain't shabby.
An intriguing study of identity, marriage and, perhaps, madness.
Leaps from a gripping identity thriller into a strange yet equally involving adventure about the bounds of self-knowledge and the incredible liberty of disregarding them.
...a movie about identity and marriage that raises many questions and supplies many answers without actually giving any.
An elegantly acted psychological puzzle, it's like watching a nervous breakdown from the inside out.
A profound allegory about the tension between isolation and intimacy.
Spins an agitated mystery well beyond its minimalist starting point, offering up giant questions about sanity and identity on its trip from the bathroom mirror.
A satisfying psychological adventure that powers along nicely on its movie-star performances, the graceful craftsmanship of Emmanuel Carrere's direction and a haunting violin concerto by Philip Glass.
A deliciously unsettling, beautifully sustained enigma, a film of much beauty and flawless performances, especially from Vincent Lindon in one of his most demanding roles.
Carrere playfully adapts his own novel for his feature debut and makes the interesting decision to show the film's events entirely through Marc's perspective.
Part absurdist comedy about the institution of marriage, part paranoid Kafkaesque fantasy, it's a minor-key reverie on the way our own lives can sometimes feel alien to us.
It's all a bit like an Agatha Christie mystery whose final moments make it clear that none of the characters could have done it....If you can live with that, then don't miss it.
an awfully rickety, hollow exercise in style over substance
A unique psychological drama with the tension of a whodunit.
...Recalls the "everyday suspense" films of Roman Polanski and the existential woe of Michelangelo Antonioni.
What does it all mean? We are never quite sure. All we learn from this relentless saga of mental and physical solitude are the many varieties of suffering one can endure when one feels alone in the universe.
This narrative feature debut by Emmanuel Carrere, based on his own novel, is deliberately open-ended, but however one interprets the outcome, the film reminds us how fragile intimacy is.
The Moustache provides a feast of sustained tension.
[Director] Carrere re-creates the insane mind through his camera, and diffuses his point about subjective experience by inadvertently raising questions about truth and the movies.
La Moustache, the first feature by novelist Emmanuel Carrere, begins as a comedy, but grows darker and darker by the frame. It's like a Hitchcock thriller filtered through the mind of Austrian firebrand Michael Haneke, who gave us Cache.
La Moustache dissolves into a meandering annoyance that takes us from Paris to Hong Kong and back again.
The film's greatest disappointment: rendering the captivating, enigmatic, and oddly gorgeous Emmanuelle Devos into an unsympathetic character. For shame.
Emmanuel Carrere's psychological mystery is a surreal reflection on perception, reality and memory.
A successful novelist and restrained actor's director, Carrére makes the transformation of a silly marital argument into a cosmic upheaval look easy, and profound as well.
The film is an unpretentious blank slate--almost totally without point but so unassuming it earns consideration.
At its most stimulating, Moustache is a keen glimpse into a marriage that appears perfect on the surface but when examined shows its deficiencies.
La Moustache uses sly wit and foreboding to deconstruct notions of self in its portrait of a close shave with insanity.
Too many narrative illogicalities make the 86 minutes seem long, despite two excellent performances and an intriguing premise.


@highlight

Though the premise may be modest on the surface, Carrere uses a man and his mustache that may or may not exist as a springboard into psychological suspense and unsettling questions.