If violence is going to be your calling card, you have to make a choice: big gore or horrific exploitation. You don't get to do both.
Saw IV builds an over-elaborate game, and it's unable to escape its own game ultimately killing itself.
The first thing you see in Saw IV is Jigsaw's balls. A sign of things to come? Most definitely.
There's the obligatory twist at the end, which hardly makes up for the excruciating boredom viewers are forced to endure. But, hey, if you're paying for torture, expect to suffer.
We now find ourselves in the downward slope of the Saw series as Saw IV stretches credibility to the breaking point.
Jigsaw is an interesting character with an interesting worldview and an interesting way of carrying out his will. It's too bad the movies themselves aren't worthy of him.
This gruesomely efficient horror sequel shows noticeable wear and tear.
I do wish that these movies were well made, because I actually think the premises are quite clever, but unless a veteran who is more confident in his abilities takes over, we are left with what could have been...
Poor Jigsaw. The architect of the most deadly traps ever committed to celluloid has endured inoperable cancer, a debilitating car crash and even the premature death of his son, but nothing as painful or degrading as 'Saw IV.'
... any serious consideration of the killer's fascination with violence is superseded by the director's (and the returning viewers') own sadistic pleasures.
Outro típico exemplar da série: o final, como de hábito, é até engenhoso, mas a fórmula cada vez mais desgastada exige paciência até que cheguemos a ele.
Whereas the first Saw and the third met the right balance, the second film and now the fourth push things a little too far and end up being less effective as a result.
Were it not for the saving grace of Tobin Bell's mere presence, there's little doubt that Saw IV would come off about as well as a typical straight-to-video horror sequel.
Torture, you may recall, used to be an unparsable, unpardonable sin. Now it's porn.
Like many villains before him, John turns out to have been wronged rather randomly, an act of terrible violence that he absorbs into his worldview.
Opens with the clinically graphic dissection of the deceased Jigsaw, who finally lives up to (dies down to?) his name by being separated into pieces...
Might be the best since the first, but still a task to watch. A painful, meaningless task.
Previously, Jigsaw and the filmmakers played fair, but too much about this latest instalment seems simply arbitrary.
Stultifying in its pseudo-sensationalistic schlock, this numbingly and nightmarish narrative has no legitimate creepy conviction beyond flexing its meaningless, morose muscles
There's more gore in store. Now here's "Saw IV."
The puzzles in this movie and the infinite number of sequels which have already been queued behind it have been designed to tear the dead presidents from your wallet like a sobriety chip from the shaky palm of Lindsay Lohan.
Like the movie's mysterious Jigsaw doppelgänger, Saw IV is itself a poor substitute for the original (or even the first two sequels).
The law of diminishing returns is in full effect here.
The games, the traps, are still the thing and as long as Jigsaw's flunkies continue to build 'em, we will come.
Perfunctory and confusing and needlessly over-plotty...but somewhat better-constructed and significantly less morally outrageous than at the very least Saw III.
Despite the clucking disapproval of the cinematic intelligentsia, the Saw films aren't successful by accident.
The reports of torture porn's demise may have been greatly exaggerated, but this fourth entry in the mutilate-yourself-or-die series joins what may be the worst genre of the decade: the lamely ''sympathetic'' serial-killer backstory.
Even by the not exactly high standards of the Saw movies, this one's scraping the bottom of the entrails pail.
It's deeply unsettling; just like a horror movie should be.
The absurdity reaches new highs in Saw IV, which asks us to swallow developments that simply aren't logistically possible, never mind realistic.
This death trap may be rusty, but as long as it keeps generating fresh blood, it's unlikely to slam shut anytime soon.
Just as Jigsaw tests his victims, the franchise's own test will be whether such suspension can be maintained, or if matters lapse into a torture chamber of self-parody.
Those of us who quickly tired of the grisly fun and games midway through Saw II will resent the unnecessarily convoluted plotting and storylines that require a master's degree in Saw studies to make any sense.
An incomprehensible cacophony of screams, shock cuts, dour pseudo-philosophizing, heavy metal mutilation and low-rent TV-standard performances.
Saw IV is a fluid film, as neatly constructed as the deadly puzzles Jigsaw creates to snare his victims.
The Syriana of slasher films, so complicated and circuitous that your only hope of understanding everything is to eat lots of fish the night before and then watch each of the previous films, in order, right before you enter the theater.
It's somewhat better put together than Saw II or III, though there isn't a scare in it.
Fortunately, amid all the slavishly photographed grotesquery, there's comic relief. It's called the script.
The famously inventive torture sequences here seem depleted of imagination.
The original Saw was crafted with thought and precision. Saw IV is an orgy of blood.
The series has essentially become a shell game, entertaining for a while if you can stomach the gore, and then the credits roll and you're pretty sure you've been cheated somehow.
The dullest Saw in the shed.
A film as edgy as a rubber knife.
If the gore quotient has been upped in this chapter (really, after a certain threshold has been reached, who can tell?), the style has, too.
Saw IV is no Saw III. Just as Saw III is no Saw II. But neither Lionsgate, the Saw distributor, nor the North American box office seems to care.
After two solid entries and an OK one, the franchise is getting long in the tooth: This one is Saw It Be-IV.
For devotees of the series, the gore is still there and the traps are just as weird as they were in the other entries but for the rest of us, your mind will forget it the second the end credits roll.
This is hard core Pain And Suffering territory... The film wastes no time getting down to nasty business, ripping, slicing, gouging, piercing, smashing and tearing every part of the human body
If it ever had a prime, the Saw franchise is well past it...a mess...and an ugly mess at that.
as cheap and cheesy as its brethren, but oddly boring for long stretches
If we must get a new Saw movie every Halloween, at least the franchise is evolving and not just regurgitating the exact same formula.
Over the course of [its] sequels, the Saw franchise took a novel, if distasteful, idea and basically tortured it to death.
Easily the worst and most pointless episode of the gore-saturated quadrology.
A commercially savvy though ultimately empty combination of warped morality tale, mystery, gore-fest, and torture porn.
The appeal, I suppose, is that some really awful stuff is unfolding up there on the screen and not to us.
At a certain point you have to wonder how long audiences are going to keep flocking to this stuff.
Saw IV almost makes you believe there are hundreds of rooms out there at this very minute with puppets, tricycles, and audio tapes just waiting for the next game.
If the original Saw was the kernel of a potential terror universe, Saw IV is, by this time, a series of satellites and lesser celestial bodies bound together by some of the best bloodletting in modern macabre.
I can think of five things that are more torturous than what the victims endure in Saw IV...
An excessively convoluted rehash of its predecessors.
"Saw IV" should be tossed into the business end of 1988's "Woodchipper Massacre."
It's a been-there, done-that sort of sequel, but it's still more creative than most of what passes for Hollywood horror these days.
Even fans of good, old-fashioned, onscreen torture will find themselves rolling their eyes at the twists and turns in this impossibly convoluted story.
As far as fourth installments in a series, Saw IV is quite impressive.
Boasting more posthumous recordings than Tupac, Jigsaw should have spent time devising clever new traps instead of buying Radio Shack's entire inventory of tape recorders.
Easily the worst entry in the series, and the first one that undeniably feels like a sloppily thrown-together rush job.
By far the best installment of this cringingly moronic odyssey of pain. There's something to be said about leaving a theater with only a mild cultural headache instead of a knee-buckling case of cinematic depression.
The need to incorporate familiar characters and icons from the earlier films, together with flashbacks that flesh out Jigsaw's pre-'puppet master' past, simply leads to an irritating series of creative dead ends. Truly, a hack-Saw.
It is impossible to take a movie seriously when the movie obviously doesn't care if you do or not.
...parts of it are good, and the rest really feels like cynical photocopying.
Two of the more degrading and debasing hours of big-screen "entertainment" that you are likely to endure in this lifetime.
With Saw IV, the pieces have all come together and [it's] the best of the lot.







@highlight

Saw IV is more disturbing than compelling, with material already seen in the prior installments.