There are some logic holes and unexplained paradoxes, but ultimately, The Final Girls is a cleverly-written, entertaining flick with a dynamic cast.
A charming and hilarious satire of 80s slasher movies.
The downfall of The Final Girls is that it pretty much becomes the tired thing it makes fun of. And it doesn't do much for thrills.
Beneath the horror-comedy hijinks lies a beating heart.
Cut-rate CGI, shaky performances, and a frequently unintelligible screenplay sink the ship.
It hopes to riff off the classic era of slasher films, but unfortunately The Final Girls only ends up adding to the clichés.
Missteps aside, with the vivid imagery around the campgrounds and the slick sense of humor, Strauss-Schulson nails certain aspects.
Hiding beneath the veneer of a slasher horror comedy beats a touching and heartbreaking dramedy about letting go, and accepting that sometimes nature has to take its course.
A very well balanced film, jumping between the dramatic and comedic with much easy in a very good and entertaining way. [Full review in Spanish]
... has trouble reconciling its obligation to poke fun at horror clichés without indulging in them.
The Final Girls is a fun and surprisingly sweet send-up of one of Hollywood's most tedious and celebrated genres: the slasher film.
A festive use of visual and cinematic language though gags - jokes about flashbacks, off voice, sequels and end credits - and an ironic lecture of sadism and sexism in the slasher genre. [Full review in Spanish]
The Final Girls trades in the slasher film staple of gore and wanton dismemberment for an unforced emotional depth that cuts deeper than any wound their killer could inflict.
Strauss-Schulson smothers the effort in excessive style, but "The Final Girls" is an unexpectedly amusing picture that has genuine fun with itself and the mechanics of B-movies.
If you're enough of a horror fan to know what a "Final Girl" is, ironically, you might not be the right audience for it.
A wickedly funny, clever, refreshingly inventive and crowd-pleasing satire that's destined to become a cult classic.
The Final Girls is a fun mash-up of then and now, and any slasher fan should find themselves enamored with its nostalgic touches, new tweaks and pure enthusiasm.
The cast is littered with recognizable faces who deliver marvelous comedic performances that help ensure The Final Girls is much more of a comedy than a horror movie.
Finally! A slasher movie with both brains and heart, both intact.
Todd Strauss-Schulson's parody isn't as clever as other meta horror-comedies ... but slasher devotees will find plenty to like.
Celebrates both classic horror movies and the love between a mother and daughter.
Not every joke lands and it's not as consistently funny as it could have been, but at its best, "The Final Girls" evokes the offbeat silliness of David Wain's parody films like "Wet Hot American Summer" and "They Came Together."
THE FINAL GIRLS is certainly one of the best genre scares - with laughs - you are likely to find this year.
As horror comedies go, this one sadly winds up somewhere between Scary Movie 4 and 5.
The horror meta-movie has been done before (Scream), but this one edges past mere cleverness with a strangely touching emotional core: What would you do if you met a shadow of your lost mother?
"The Final Girls" is never once scary, the effects are schlocky, and the action/fight scenes are confusing, especially one that takes place in a dark shack where it is impossible to tell what is happening.
It's telling that there's only one character here who actually likes this movie-within-the-movie, and even he only likes it ironically...
At least in spirit, its premise would easily fill an episode of 'Futurama' or 'Rick and Morty.'
The Final Girls is all smiles and winks, but lacks the blood to make its horror satire pulse.
"Final Girls" eventually loses its way, but the epilogue is funny ... and the blooper reel is worth sticking around for.
All it's missing is a 'Scream Queens' infusion of quality, biting character development, but the weak characters undermine a promising entry in the horror/comedy genre.
A playful deconstruction of the slasher film that ultimately packs a surprisingly affecting punch.
One can only hope that there is a sequel in the works.
A horror comedy that proves that with the right actors you can make an amusing movie even if a lot of your ideas are borrowed.
The gender commentary is still on point, and The Final Girls successfully disembowels its target trope. But it works better as film criticism than it does as a film.
Clever, creative and emotionally satisfying, "The Final Girls" is a horror-comedy and popcorn movie that keeps its original premise fresh all the way to a delightful, surprise ending.
"The Final Girls" has enough going for it to be a hit on VOD and beyond for fans of the genre.
Todd Strauss-Schulson's meta send-up of '80s sex-equals-death slasher movies keeps its goofy good humor throughout, and tosses in a little almost-genuine feeling into the mix for good measure.
Above all else, "The Final Girls" is broad and affectionate in its mockery, making fun of the frequent association between sex and murder in movies of this ilk and other easy targets.
What's not to love about this?
The mother-daughter material keeps the movie watchable, even as the filmmakers seem to consider its weaknesses the fun parts.
The Final Girls offers a lovely twist on the horror genre and some good laughs for movie fans of every stripe. Nice to see the more ludicrous elements of retro slasher fare get the mockery they deserve.
"The Final Girls" is whip-smart, sneakily intense, and always amusing, but its attention to detail and unexpected emotional resonance are what sell it as so much more than a clever, lightweight ode to the glory days of stalking and slashing.
...it's a meta movie that goes deep on deconstructing the slasher formula.
It lobs a grenade at slasher-movie sadism by making us care about the characters as more than just body-bag fodder.
Director Todd Strauss-Schulson milks it for every knowing wink at the genre's filmmaking tropes while grounding it with a truly moving theme of grief and letting go.
The talented cast and the neverending supply of humor inherent in the premise and the genre its spoofing makes The Final Girls a winner.
The Final Girls plays with the tropes of the slasher genre as much as its PG-13 rating will allow, and the final showdown is a thing of beauty, but it never attempts to be scary or menacing.
Slasher parody runs out of steam in just a half hour.
A satirical confection in the same vein as "Cabin in the Woods."
Fun, affectionate satire of eighties slasher flicks.
A seriously disappointing missed opportunity...
The Cabin In The Woods set a pretty high bar for this sort of movie. Come to think of it, so did the last five minutes of Jason X.
Genre enthusiasts will get a kick out of Todd Strauss-Schulson's creative homage to classic slasher movies, which respects familiar horror conventions while introducing a sly contemporary perspective.
[Strauss-Schulson's] sophomore feature is a sharp, wickedly funny, and unexpectedly heartfelt homage.
This parody of '70s slasher flicks like Friday the 13th seems clever for the self-reflexive way it tackles this genre's misogynistic themes and archetypes but it's not nearly as smart as it thinks it is.
A funny, creative, fast-paced, and well-shot horror satire. They do exist.
There's plenty to like in Todd Strauss-Schulson's THE FINAL GIRLS, a perky meta homage to slashers of the '70s and '80s.
Modern teens find themselves trapped in a 1980s slasher movie in this amusingly meta thriller.
The Finals Girls is a hilarious treat that pays proper respect to an era of horror that's beloved for its goofy cheesiness, yet Todd Strauss-Schulson's film never feels cheap, shoddy or weak. Quite the opposite, in fact.
The Final Girls is the kind of film that could only be made by a true scholar of the form. It's just as funny as it is thoughtful.

@highlight

The Final Girls offers an affectionate nod to slasher tropes while adding a surprising layer of genuine emotion to go with the meta amusement.