The trouble with celebrating old-fashioned entertainment is that Scardino needs to complete the hardest trick in Hollywood - making clichés seem fresh and funny. Sadly, the director is no David Copperfield...
Jim Carrey IS this movie. Jim Carrey as funny Jim Carrey is always fun to watch.
The unbearable cheesiness that ensues makes for a long hour and 40 minutes that's far from incredible.
With its silly, glittery costumes and warring stars, this basically does for magic what Blades Of Glory did for ice skating.
Refreshingly single-minded in its aim to entertain, Wonderstone has no social agenda, no artistic aspirations, no enduring lessons - other than, perhaps, the universality of lifelong friendship.
Flawed, but its affability is undeniable.
Since every funny moment here involves cynicism, arrogance, heartlessness, and self-destruction, you never believe the movie when it's telling you how nice and contrite these characters are.
...a serious disappointment that squanders its setup and talented cast...
A painfully tedious and unpleasant comedy completely void of any laughs.
Don Scardino's The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is a middling and extremely dated comedy that only gets by because of Jim Carrey's over-the-top performance.
A slow, humdrum comedy that would have worked better as a 10-minute sketch than a feature film.
As a character, Burt Wonderstone runs counter to Steve Carell's inherent sweetness. In Carell's hands, Burt comes off as a 50-calorie Ron Burgundy. When he tightens his vocal cords to hit Ferrell's register, the strain is as visible as it is audible.
If the rest of the movie had put much thought into its characters as it did into that final scene, we'd have really had something.
Hot properties John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein (Horrible Bosses) penned the script, and while it's another effort which lacks depth and real emotional involvement, they're certainly proving themselves as dependable, if not exceptional, talents.
You know a director is in trouble when you can barely keep your eyes open to ogle a scantily clad Olivia Wilde.
Carrey is the movie's ace up its sleeve. He's at his frighteningly manic best. If the Academy ever considered awards for comedies released in March, Carrey certainly deserves one.
Normally, this type of comedy would be a fun, forgettable ride. But these days, it feels like a welcomed wonder.
Everything that happens after it lets its abrasive character off the hook is completely predictable, but movies with this kind of pervasive silliness don't exist for their unpredictable plot lines-in fact they rely on predictability.
Magic-less.
4 good jokes do not a good comedy feature film make.
The cast members can't elevate this subpar material, although they do showcase an impressive array of sequined costumes and crazy wigs.
One of the most disappointing aspects of the whole thing is that you really want to like the movie.
A sweet film with a message of never giving up on your dreams, "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" gets by on the magic of a game cast.
This lame comedy lacks anything resembling amusement and magic - until the final credits which involve a sight gag.
Conjures up some laughs, if nothing else
Now you see it, and now you wish you really hadn't.
In The Incredible Burt Wonderstone, Jim Carrey makes a great freak, and Carell and Buscemi are total geeks.
Remains stubbornly mediocre without ever being actively awful. It's stuck in this dreadful oily neutral of being almost virulently OK.
Steve Carell is no Magic Mike.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone makes the classic mistake of thinking a comedy about magicians will be magical.
Big silly fun in the Anchorman vein, The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is packed with great gags, recognisable characters and performances from comedians at the top of their game.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is the kind of film that creates laughs by having characters who look funny and speak funny. I only wish the dialogue itself was funny.
Try as you might to magic up Bill Bixby from the 70s' TV series The Magician, it just ain't going to happen.
Now you laugh at it, now you don't.
Poking fun at old-school magicians, The Incredible Burt Wonderstone pulls the odd chuckle out of the hat, but despite the starry presence of comic headliners Steve Carrell and Jim Carrey the film fails to dazzle.
What a wash-out this film is...Sadly, and in yet another example supporting the Theory of Comedy Negation, the great casting mysteriously works against itself to produce far-from-great comedy.
As lightweight as a ping-pong ball, this charming, slightly over-extended comedy sends up films about showbiz rivalries.
Fitfully amusing, but does its own disappearing act from your mind as soon as you leave the cinema.
You've seen a magician call for a volunteer from the audience, and then once on stage put that person into a deep sleep, right? This movie does that to an entire audience.
Bizarrely, its biggest flaw lies with casting. Carrell is too familiar to convince as a Lothario, Buscemi looks vaguely lost, while Carrey is too long in the tooth.
Wonderstone is an enticing concept but lacks the laughs to back up its potential.
Without YouTube's David Blaine vid there wouldn't be a 'Burt Wonderstone' ... You don't have to be a Houdini to escape this enthusiastically tasteless comedy. Just put one foot in front of the other ...
The 'Burt Wonderstone' script is credited to Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley, who took on the arduous task of going through the 'Talledega Nights' script, crossing out all references to NASCAR and replacing them with references to magic.
Any sense of the ponderous in telling this tale with a definite moral is more than offset by the gentle silliness with which the story is told.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is just a delusional illusion of passable entertainment.
much better than it has any business being
Not so incredible.
Director Don Scardino gets good mileage from a supporting cast that includes Alan Arkin and Olivia Wilde. But the one trick he can't pull off is making sense of Carell's character.
The wigs (oh, the wigs!) and costumes and magic tricks only take you so far, though, and the movie stages a maneuver at the end but then shows us exactly how it was done, after providing the basics.
The true comeback story in this fictional comeback story doesn't belong to a character named Burt Wonderstone, but to an actor named Jim Carrey.
If Siegfried dumped Roy and then launched a vendetta against Criss Angel, you'd have The Incredible Burt Wonderstone. It's a funny movie that is also more thoughtful than it initially appears.
Carrel looks too bored to "be that guy" anymore.
David Copperfield actually makes a cameo appearance. His best act in years is to disappear from this film after a few seconds.
The movie has some funny moments, but too often they come at the expense of character consistency.
This comedy about a magician who must hit bottom before rising again to the wonder of his beloved craft pulls plenty of sweet moments and a slew of laughs out of a story that might have been thin air.
Its sweetness does it credit, but ultimately blunts its badly needed bite.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is all style and no substance - a stunt illusion with no magic.
Traffic alert: Hideous comedian pileup on the interstate.
Even this comedic triumvirate cannot prevent the script's biggest feat of magic: making the laughs disappear.
While not the laugh riot it could have been, this comedy consistently amuses us with its pastiche characters and silly gags. It threatens to get bogged down in sentiment at a few points along the way, but manages to veer back.
As with any great magic trick, Wonderstone is effective in diverting our attention to the small moments.
This may be the kind of semi-bad, semi-inspired comedy that could not only stand repeated viewings but perhaps improve with them.
Fool me twice, shame on me; fool me never, and you shouldn't be in the prestidigitation game.
It's rather like a children's movie camped up with adult bits and pieces. Or an American version of a good old British panto.
he pacing is sluggish and the sentimental story never surprises. I wasn't feeling the magic.
Not enough magic to mostly unfunny Carell-Carrey comedy.
In this entertaining yet inconsistent movie, Carrey is the incredible one.
Steve Carell with a puppy down his pants in a role that Will Ferrell must have turned down.
The only magic in this ridiculous, irresponsible movie is that it actually got made and distributed.
It's like of one of those deadly Saturday Night Live sketches where everyone involved clearly knows it isn't working, but they're forced to go through the motions anyway simply to avoid dead air.
A generic, fitfully funny mainstream comedy that doesn't nearly get the best from its name-brand players but doesn't qualify as a desecration, either.
Overall, I found the film entertaining enough to warrant a slight recommendation. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
A veritable festival of bad toupees and repeated gags that just lie there, "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone'' runs a bit more than an hour and a half but seems much longer - like it had been edited down at the last minute.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone isn't.
"The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" isn't incredible, but it's a nicely performed bit of programmed Hollywood hilarity.
Some of the jokes are very funny on their own merits, but if this was a real Vegas magic show, much of the audience might have left midway through to see Celine Dion instead.
There are a few laughs here and there and some of the supporting cast works but the leads are woefully miscast and most of the jokes hit with all the awkward silence of a Bennigan's tableside magician who guesses the wrong card.
Though formulaic and a bit uneven, "Burt Wonderstone" is further proof that Steve Carell's small-scale comedies have their pleasures.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone just isn't.
... has its share of engaging-to-great bits, including, truth to tell, one gag performed by Carrey that made me laugh louder and longer ... but it falls kind of flat as a complete moviegoing experience.
In the end, this movie is not exactly magical, but it does have enough tricks up its sleeve to make it worth the price of admission.
There is a great deal more than magic and laughs...it also says a hatful of bunnies about audiences and the pervasive, decadent state of entertainment in our society.
By the end, we don't care if Burt Wonderstone wins the day, gets the girls, or reestablishes his career credentials. We just want Carell and his calculated creep gone.
Though the best stretches flirt with the mix of cruel-edged comedy and abject despair that was once the forte of the Farrelly brothers, it soon settles for being a rote redemption tale.
Energised by an impressively savage analysis of contemporary stage magic. Put simply, this film despises David Blaine and all his pseudo-mystical fellow-travellers.
Passes up any number of opportunities to be much funnier than it is.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone won't blow you away with originality, but I'll be damned if it's not the most consistently funny comedy in recent memory.
A decent comedy about dueling magicians that - ironically - says interesting things about pushing the envelope to entertain the audience ... then stops short of pushing the envelope itself.
...a series of cliches strung together with a completely implausible comeback story and its funniest joke are the visuals that accompany the closing credits. The film is pleasant enough and a bit sweet, but it feels slapped together.
Jim Carrey looks like he is having fun again, maybe the first time he's had fun since Liar Liar.
...the filmmakers get us to believe that anything is possible in this world, even a comedy that doesn't insult our intelligence.
The fun (or guilty pleasure) comes from the well executed schtick, as Steve Carell & Jim Carrey deliver their nonsense in this zany comedy about magic, theatre and showbiz razzamatazz.
Like a joke that has been waiting to be told since the 1980s and they've mangled the punch line in 2013
There are two supporting characters who are far more interesting than the titular character in The Incredible Burt Wonderstone.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone has one major problem: the main character isn't nearly as interesting as everyone who surrounds him.
Yes, it's silly and goofy, but it does the trick if you're looking for a laugh this weekend.
Something predictable will work if it's well executed, and Burt Wonderstone benefits from three things: a top-notch cast, a damned funny script, and a healthy respect for its subject matter.
We're lectured repeatedly about the wonders of well-performed magic, yet director Don Scardino relies on computer-generated trickery. The coup de theatre that puts Burt and Anton back on top is a cheat of literally unbelievable proportions.
It deserves to enjoy the same kind of acclaim as other adventures in skewering the excesses of showbiz.
It is rarer than it may seem for a movie to come along that inspires not only a fairly consistent stream of chuckles, but also a few well-earned guffaws along the way.
This is a movie that has some very funny moments, but quite often it dips into sentimentality.
It's as if Carrey has been waiting, through a series of bland and corny showcases, to find a role that doesn't derail or divert his intensity, but embraces it.
What this movie is missing is - magic.
The characters get little laughs in most of the scenes, but in the larger sense it never seems like there's anything at stake.
In its best moments, the movie approaches the mid-list success of the 2007 Will Ferrell vehicle "Blades of Glory."
Funny enough fluff, the sort of movie that plays well on cable when you're just kind of lazing on the couch.
Burt Wonderstone is a lazy, underwritten imitation Will Ferrell movie.
It's a long, limping slog from the halfway point to the finish line, even if the actors have built up enough goodwill by then that it's bearable to coast the movie out.
A broad Vegas satire that falls somewhere between Anchorman and Dodgeball on the between-the-eyes funny scale.
No amount of smoke and mirrors can hide the burst seams, frayed wires and bad-hearted humour of The Incredible Burt Wonderstone.
As ever with comedies like this, all the really funny stuff is in the opening 20 minutes. But it's entertaining stuff, with a scene-stealer from Alan Arkin.
Perhaps it's a magical disappearing humor act that afflicts this throwaway.
"The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" can't transcend the fundamental problem built into movies and television shows about magic. It isn't really magic if you're watching it second hand.
It is driven almost entirely by well-known quantities: Carell's almost superhuman likability when he is being a self-involved doofus and Carrey's rubbery menace. Neither part breaks any particular ground for either actor or the audience.
Pleasantly dopey.
Buried under all the comedy misdirection and emotional sleight of hand is the potential for a good movie. It's a potential that's never fulfilled.
Did the producers appeal to a denominator even lower than common by making their film as dumb as possible, or did it just turn out that way?
It may be more 'The Merely Okay Burt Wonderstone,' but as Frank Loesser observed, mediocrity is not a mortal sin.
There are some funny bits and characters around the edges of The Incredible Burt Wonderstone, but its core is empty of humor.
Calling it "The Mildly Diverting Burt Wonderstone" would have been more accurate, but how many tickets is that going to sell?
A rollicking comedy with three zany performances by Steve Carrell, Jim Carrey, and Alan Arkin.
Storytelling only blocks access to the movie's funny bone, making viewers wait patiently for bursts of activity that reward immensely but are few and far between.
[It] fumbles so badly that you can almost make out the flop-sweat on its brow.
Magicians have been pulling rabbits out of hats for ages. And yet, with all this talent, no one can make a decent script materialize.
In a film about people who perform death-defying stunts, the last thing you want to inspire is a yawn.
Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley's slyly effervescent script almost makes amends for their Horrible Bosses.
It sounds boring because it is.
After 100 minutes of "Burt Wonderstone's" scant laughs and missed opportunities, you wish it would just vanish down a trapdoor.
There are a lot of big stars...What's missing are a lot of big laughs. Well, there are about four...so that's quite a bit of downtime between guffaws to contemplate just why so many people who should know better are involved in this.
Sweet and good-natured and periodically chuckle-worthy.
Occasionally amusing but instantly forgettable.
With this much comic talent on show, the chuckles aren't lacking so much as insufficient: Don Scardino's film has a cramping smallness of spirit, and it's nothing at all to look at.
Like a creaky Vegas act desperate to please, "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" is so eager you can't help wanting to like it. But you also can't help wondering if something better is playing in the theater next-door.
The hand may be quicker than the eye, but the laughs are slower than molasses.
The material isn't sufficiently funny to allow me to forgive the film's feeble storyline and two-dimensional inhabitants.
WonderstoneImplores us to be Amazed
'The Incredible Burt Wonderstone' isn't breaking comedic ground, nor is it 'incredible,' but there is something magical about seeing Carell, Carrey, Buscemi and Arkin together.
While sticking to a fairly standard mainstream comedy story arc, this sturdy Steve Carell vehicle still serves up enough dark, edgy humor-most of it involving Jim Carrey-to also appeal to hipper sensibilities.
Some laughs, sure, but Carell's creation isn't quite classic and the script sends out mixed messages.
You watch it thinking that it should be smarter and funnier, but you have a pretty good time anyway.
"The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" may be a fake, but the way it produces new amusement from old tricks is a treat.
The show in the hopelessly stale, shorter-than-it-feels Burt Wonderstone didn't need to go on, but it does. And on and on and on.
With a cast this well-stocked with comedy talent, you'd think just a few more laughs wouldn't feel like such a reach..a movie for 8-year-olds who haven't seen a lot of movies.
The typical gags involve burnt flesh and the sight of someone pretending to crush a puppy to death. It's not a comedy; it's a wince-edy.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone has its cornball charm, thanks largely to the confident work of old pros Carell, Arkin, and Buscemi, but it's ultimately a big, gaudy, predictable show, strictly for the rubes and tourists.
Welcome back, Hilarious Jim Carrey. We've missed you.
Despite the comedic talent involved, the movie is thin on effective humor.
A lackluster script, poor direction, and a dialed-in lead performance from Steve Carell make this ensemble comedy a big disappointment. The lone highlight and saving grace is Jim Carrey.
Though not exactly magic, The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is certainly no cinematic disappearing act either.
Not particularly magical, but thanks to its bevy of stars, we leave this mess with a smile on our faces.
Is this really what the audience wants? A deliriously unhinged setup and larger-than-life characters, abruptly devolving into a mind-numbingly familiar story with a totalitarian happy ending?
Carrey's street magician is funny at times but it feels like he's stuck in a bad Mad TV sketch. Overall, this has all the components of being a great comedy; sadly it just can't pull off the trick.
Somehow, all that potential disappeared, and we're left feeling like Burt halfway though the movie: swindled and unloved.
This comedy is, ultimately, a lighthearted distraction, but "incredible" it is not.
Always seems poised to deliver big laughs but, once the smoke and the pigeons clear, leaves you only with a mild chuckle or two.
There's no question that you will laugh at times throughout "Burt Wonderstone." But if you are looking for something truly magical, you will come away disappointed.
Carell doesn't give us enough to root for. Burt is a jerk, pure and simple, with the charm missing. Sure, in the predictable story he slouches toward redemption, but at a certain point, it's too late to care.
Too cautious and unimaginative to bring off what a great magic trick - or comedy - should do: make us laugh out loud with surprise.
Absolute magic.
Enjoyable comedy with a decent script and strong comic performances from a superb cast, though the central rivalry is underdeveloped and it settles for being consistently gently amusing rather than delivering big laughs.
The film is overtly suspicious and critical of the new and only serviceably romantic about the old.
Lacks wit, genuine laughs, or any real sense of wonder, just a couple of misfiring comics in fright-wigs going through the motions.
Jim Carrey walks off with the movie and he knows it.
If The Incredible Burt Wonderstone were a real Vegas show, its rightful home would be amongst the rubble of an imploded casino.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone gets a lot of mileage out of its stars' increasingly ridiculous hairdos. I'm not proud to say that they kept me giggling throughout, but they did, and I have to live with that.
A consistently funny, even oddly sentimental magic show.
Unlike 99 percent of what passes for comedy in Hollywood at the moment... maintain[s] its sense of ridiculousness throughout, and utterly fails -- thank goodness and alakazam! -- to descend into gloopy sentiment in the last 20 minutes.
After it's over, poof! You'll forget you ever watched it in the first place.
Carell again plays oblivious in the fitfully inspired magician comedy The Incredible Burt Wonderstone, but he doesn't play human.
Wonderstone's climax revolves around an improbable comeback trick that involves making an entire audience disappear. The movie itself should have no problem accomplishing that feat long before the end credits.
In the end, there's nothing here beyond the obvious riches-to-rags, friendship-lost-and-found, celebrity-rivalry clichés.
The stars are more than game, but four credited writers don't give them the gags and jokes they deserve.
Director Don Scardino plays it too safe to make this a cult classic but he does provide a few very funny set pieces.
Some laughter but little magic in by-the-book Las Vegas comeback tale.
Carell is at the top of his form as the self-absorbed Burt struggles to maintain his haughty sangfroid while trying to convince himself, and everyone else, that's he's still a superstar.
Steve Carell evokes the flamboyant, old-school illusionist David Copperfield in a movie that flits in and out of focus, comedically speaking.
A battle of competing comedy styles won hands-down by the rambunctious, rubber-faced run-a-muck!
Carell and Carrey shine like sequinned suits in a comedy that allows them endless fun with the dressing-up box. More narrative verve and it could've been The Prestige in a big-cat wig.
While it's nice to see the two likable Steves in leading roles, the comedy is sharply uneven with too many repeitions of ideas and jokes.
This amiable oddball comedy should push things further, but it nevertheless earns a steady stream of laughs.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is by no means an awful film, and it does have some genuinely funny moments, it just offers nothing new and comes off as stale and recycled for the most part.
It's a little weird that a movie about the dangers of doing something so long that it becomes rote and stale is, at times, rote and stale.
You can't have a comedy about magic without gimmicks, and "Burt Wonderstone" has plenty. It also has panache.
One-off gags and throwaway lines muffle the creaks of a well-worn plot.
The Shakes the Clown of magician movies
Nothing in the movie works; there are flashes of when it seems that it could be faintly tolerable but those drift into the ether, along with rabbits and folded up playing cards...I wish I could make it disappear. Forever.
Even when this lovably half-baked effort really started to whiff, I couldn't bring myself to be too annoyed.
... 'Wonderstone' ends up being an uneven experience, a movie that never quite clicks on a narrative level even as it offers up some sporadic laughs from a talented cast.
Not particularly funny or clever, it often hits the lows of some of the worst Adam Sandler and Will Ferrell character comedies.

@highlight

The Incredible Burt Wonderstone serves up some goofy laughs, but given its outrageous conceit, it's surprisingly safe and predictable.