Much of the comedy left me cold.
The film jogs along uncertain whether it is aiming to be an episode of Friends or a Farrelly brothers farce. Overrun with fart jokes, it is fitfully funny and hamstrung by a sentimental and implausible plot.
Disappointingly, Run, Fat Boy, Run is an unsatisfying hybrid not funny enough to be a true comedy, and not serious enough for a drama.
Satisfyingly entertaining.
About as funny as Ross on "Friends." David Schwimmer (Ross on "Friends") directs.
Nothing to be embarrassed about here. Though the kick-in-the-balls scene does run on a bit.
Far from the gut-busting brilliance of Pegg's other, self-made starring vehicles.
This feeble premise limits the movie to perfunctory gags about the hero's sloth and some canned underdog drama.
The film, like its flabby aspiring marathon runner protagonist, feels shapeless and exhausted from the sheer effort of trying to please audiences.
The picture manages to juggle both the silly and the sentimental without falling flat.
...cuter and sweeter than I expected, a mildly pleasant surprise.
Schwimmer completely lacks what it takes to ever get this movie off the ground. The story is fairly formula and the actors are basically on mark, yet the jokes (most of which are so predictable they are telegraphed a mile in advance) land with a virtually
It's a Generation X movie in a way very few movies are any more; it is unseemly to admit that our generation is about as slackery as we had promised to become. Go with your ex and smile.
It's a good formalic romantic comedy. Nothing more.
Schwimmer offers generic rom-com conventions in his feature directorial debut.
[The protagonist is] a petty, unlikable loser.
(Run, Fat Boy, Run) is your nice, fun, romantic film that is not necessarily worth spending your money to see in theatres.
Em sua estréia na direção, Schwimmer atira para todos os lados: comédia física, escatologia, estereótipos, besteirol, e por aí afora, falhando consistentemente todas as vezes. E Pegg jamais esteve tão artificial, o que é uma surpresa desagradável.
Turn and run, no matter what size you are.
Run, Fatboy, Run winds up being as immature and exhausting as its protagonist.
Run Fatboy Run n'offre rien pour révolutionner le genre, mais présente assez de bonnes intentions pour justifier son existence, et nous faire passer un bon moment
It's a lazy effort that offers little encouragement for the future of Schwimmer's directorial career.
It is neither as funny nor as wickedly subversive as 'Shaun of the Dead,' but it respects its characters enough to make them thoughtful and surprisingly complex, unlike the sitcom stereotypes inhabiting lesser romantic comedies.
Warm/funny film about a man trying to re-win his true love by running a race
Certainly not the worst movie of the year, not in a year that brought us Over Her Dead Body, One Missed Call, Fool's Gold, Snow Angels and Mad Money. It could be the most mediocre though.
Predictable and clichéd as Run Fatboy Run is, it is an entertaining romedy that, unfortunately, doesn't have much staying power after credits roll.
...a bit rude and uncouth, but sweetly affecting...
Simon Pegg gives it the old college try, but his character isn't worthy our cheers. Maybe Pegg should resurrect his most famous character, the resourceful, much funnier Shaun, and do battle with the zombies of London rather than the marathon runners of Lo
A fine work of craftspeople both in front of the camera and behind...whose chief mistake is that every one of them appears to have forgotten that it was in fact a comedy.
A fry-up of American, British and Irish comedy sensibilities that will have no trouble satisfying mainstream movie appetites.
Neither original nor packed with surprises. It is, however, entertaining and thoroughly likable.
Simon Pegg has a great face! Not since Jerry Lewis has anyone been able to look pathetic, adorable and stupid, all at the same time.
Give me this type of writing any day over some of the inane scripts that plague a Will Ferrell or Adam Sandler flick. Simon Pegg can hold his own with any comic working today.
Schwimmer's sliced cheese mediocrity gets him off the hook; not so for the usually inventive Pegg and Black and their arms race of bland jokes and cheap male nudity
When all is said and done, you're better off renting the Friends Season Four finale...That was brilliant. This is like a bad Farrelly Brothers movie.
The jokes land softly, but Run Fatboy Run moves at a sitcom-like clip that keeps it watchable even when it isn't especially funny.
Sure it's predictable. Sure it's a slight effort, but I still think it's pretty funny and charming.
Overcomes its occasional stumbles, thanks almost entirely to the charm of its cast...
Seldom laugh-out-loud funny and the script doesn't have the witty insight of Pegg's last few films, but Pegg's bumbling charm is just enough to make this movie run.
Pacing is brisk, the laughs frequent. With an ending corny and Capra-esque, 'Run, Fat Boy, Run' charms right to the finish line.
It's clear in the scene where they try to scam the marathon officials that Dylan Moran would be a good candidate to play the grown Harry Potter in the Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows film. Somebody take note!
Simon Pegg is a wonderful physical comedian. And he's able to take off with his talent in "Run Fatboy Run," a comedy that's not up to par of his other starring roles but one that nonetheless provides quite a few laughs.
While some moments rely solely on Pegg's natural on-screen goofiness, he & M. I. Black have simply written a very funny script that spreads the fun evenly throughout.
Amiable. Bland. Cute. Formulaic. Inconsequential. Run Fatboy Run goes down with ease, but it's awfully slight.
Although you can see the finish line from the starting shot, Pegg elevates the movie from eye-rolling to forgivably genial with his ace delivery and genuinely entertaining pratfalls.
It ambles along pleasantly, produces a few chuckles, and is forgotten by the time you pass the popcorn counter on the way out of the theater.
I wish the script credited to Michael Ian Black (The Pleasure of Your Company) and (Simon) Pegg had a little more intrigue along the way to its predictable finish.
A hackneyed slacker scenario reduces this film from an entertainment marathon to a plot treading water. The feel-good message comes around, but there is too much packaging for the product.
[The movie] may not [provide] an onslaught of gut-busting laughs, but the humor that does come forth is heartier and more authentic.
For his debut directing role, Schwimmers steers a safe "PG-13" date movie that roots for the underdog and has a good overall message.
It would have been funnier if, instead of Pegg, his frequent collaborator, Nick Frost had taken the role. Then we would have a film worthy of its name. And maybe even a few more genuine guffaws.
One thing Schwimmer does do right is keep the story moving swiftly. You're in, you're out, no harm done -- unless you want that hour and a half back.
Amiable, consistently amusing and surprisingly affecting, it has the flavor of a Nick Hornby novel, with its focus on an overgrown boy struggling to grow up and be a man.
Run, Fat Boy, Run is the directorial debut of actor David Schwimmer, who is much better behind the camera than in front of it. Here, he's taken material best suited to sketch comedy and turned it into a feature of no small heart and humour.
Run Fatboy Run is largely content to follow the formula, guide us on a sunny tour of downtown London's tourist hot spots and transform Pegg from paunchy schlub to Runderella with a few decent laughs along the way.
Tere's nothing edgy or new about Run, Fat Boy, Run.
This is a romantic comedy light on romance but heavy on comedy, and it's well cast to skew in that direction.
The sort of flat-footed studio film that takes the basic ingredients of an underground hit, drains them of personality and style, and spits them out as a situation comedy.
The humor tends toward the mildly crass -- bare buttocks and inappropriate scratching are Schwimmer's go-to comedy staples -- and the story is ridiculous.
Enough already. I mean, I don't have anything against comedies about dopey guys who win the love of a good woman by competing in ridiculous Olympian contests. But if I wanted to see a really funny one, I'd rent a Rocky movie.
The kind of movie that's apt to be dismissed a goofy lark. It is that. But it's also a rare comedy that believes in its own message, and that could inspire the depressed and the demoralized to grit their teeth and keep running.
Thanks to a jaunty Brit-rock score and likable characters all around, the movie's easy to watch and occasionally pumps up the emotions.
There's much too much of everything in Run, Fatboy, Run. Every ounce of comedy is so forced and full-on ridiculous that when characters express even a smidgen of sentiment, it feels like a parody.
The film is better than expected. It's directed with warmth, humor and intelligence.
Pleasant but unfocused, a romantic farce, trying very hard to be sweet when it needs to be a bit more cheeky.
The material isn't any more inspired than the protagonist is inspiring. Run, Fat Boy, Run should have been whipped into better shape before the starting gun sounded.
While this movie lacks the screaming energy and consistency of Shaun of the Dead and his hysterical Hot Fuzz, Pegg is able to keep things interesting.
A movie that is smartly written, boasts plenty of funny lines and rides hard on Pegg's ability to look and act like the most stoically put-upon person on the planet.
This is not a film with blazingly original ideas or a groundbreaking script - I guessed the ending before the movie even started - but it has a sweet nature, an abundance of laughs and plenty of Pegg to spare.
From storyline to characterization to style of comedy, everything about the directorial debut of former Friends star David Schwimmer is a nod to accommodation, compromise and consensus.
Thin-on-laughs Fatboy stumbles more than sprints.
There's a cheeky, cross-continental exuberance to Run, Fatboy, Run that lifts it over its predictability and keeps you laughing louder than you know you should. It's an upfront guilty pleasure without pretense; what a pleasant surprise.
Run, Fatboy, Run isn't going to win any prizes for fresh questions. But it's just fleet enough to hold its own in the middle of the pack.
Run Fat Boy Run might as well have been written by a rushed piece of software. The program calls for a surprise engagement, a street fight complete with crotch punches, an apartment eviction, and a runaway child -- all in about five minutes.
Deserves credit for not working us over the way so many modern comedies too. It brings us to the finish line with energy to spare, instead of leaving us feeling sapped.
For all its faults however, this is a romantic comedy that works - if just barely.
A near-miss, a film with some funny scenes that will probably work significantly better on DVD, but, ultimately, it quite simply doesn't have enough laughs to elevate it to greatness.
An overlong over-conventional under-funny romantic comedy. To put it in its own terms, it might make it as a 100-yard-dash, but does not have the stamina for a marathon.
Run Fat Boy Run wouldn't make it to the finish line without Simon Pegg's winning performance.
It runs out of steam - and you'll likely run out of interest - long before the finish line.
Don't get me wrong. The film is seldom boring and I certainly never hated sitting in my seat taking it all in.
Outside of a couple of moments of self-conscious shock humor, the most surprising thing about the film is how square it really is.
Simon Pegg is almost brilliant with his slapstick comedy and dedication to goofiness.
This brand of unfailing comic timing and expressive physicality is rare, and it's why Pegg, in particular, is a star. [Blu-ray]
ends up feeling like a boring limerick told over and over again.
Schwimmer is wise to keep his camera trained on Pegg at all times, as the actor can make any sequence worthwhile with his unexpected, jittery retorts and reactions.
Fatboy may be more welcome than the latest Matthew McConaughey-Kate Hudson vehicle, but only by a nose.
While [Pegg] gets some mileage out of this sketchy material, he's undermined by story and character problems, as well as the limp, uninspired direction of actor-turned-filmmaker David Schwimmer.
It looks like British writers Simon Pegg and Michael Ian Black have been studying the romantic comedies of Adam Sandler.
... lacks the invention of [Simon] Pegg's comedies with Edgar Wright, which buzz and crackle with ideas and energy. This one simply plods through...
Run Fatboy Run isn't particularly hilarious or moving, but it's got just enough humor and pathos to render its myriad flaws almost forgivable. Almost.
Could a better combination of collaborators have produced something greater? Definitely. But this cheerful mix of juvenility and grown-up-relationship angst goes down smoothly enough to be worth watching.
Run Fat Boy Run is hard to love, thanks to the tedious romantic-comedy cliches to which it subjects its characters -- and us.
The project represents an uncertain Britification of a script by Chicago native Michael Ian Black, and the result finds itself stranded somewhere out in the Atlantic, mid-crossing.
So pathetically average that you can barely muster the energy to have an opinion about it.
Snarkiness and sentiment are in constant battle for supremacy throughout Run Fat Boy Run with no chance of a comfortable draw.
[Director] Schwimmer shows some skill by keeping the mood light and making no notable missteps, but he still comes away looking like someone trying, and failing, to play Judd Apatow, the reigning champion of realistic, emotional comedy.
[Director] David Schwimmer takes the sow's ear of a script given him by [Simon] Pegg and Michael Ian Black and deep-fries it into a burnt pork rind of a movie.
There are so many scenes of him running, it's surprising Pegg didn't just take off and never come back to the set after he saw how things were going.
Anyone hoping for the lean meat of the fast, furious, and riotously funny Shaun of the Dead or even the popcorn fancy of the lesser Hot Fuzz will do best to look elsewhere.
It may be the kind of film that will make you smile more than laugh, but you'll smile a lot. And although it practically forces you to root for its hero, you won't mind a bit because the hero is played by Simon Pegg.
Depends on the charm of its leading man. But that proves a commodity which, in Pegg's case, proves to be not only in short supply but positively out of stock.
Pegg's Dennis is lazy, insensitive and unhygienic. Yet his most defining quality is blandness. I could barely rouse myself to dislike him.
Pegg is brilliant, pratfalling his way through heartbreak and indignity
This is yet another parody that falls victim to the desire to become what it's intending to satirize.
A thin premise undermined by rampant stupidity at every turn.
Predictable losers-are-people-too jesting raised a notch by the quality work of consummate professionals.
Director David Schwimmer bloats this slapdash concept into dim, witless overkill.
Brit romcom mixes laughs with swearing, smoking.
[Star/writer Pegg] ladles a deeper understanding of why men screw up into Dennis than we usually see in romantic comedies...
It has meaning and sentiment and a nice pay-off for its finale. But without more laughs, Run Fatboy Run is awfully winded by the time it crosses the finish line.
The presence of Simon Pegg and Dylan Moran elevates what might have been merely a pleasant, harmless but ultimately forgettable romantic comedy.
Clumsy and inept in demeanor but a whirlwind of comic energy, with an air of self-congratulatory winsomeness, Simon Pegg steals this otherwise minor but enjoyably unpretentious little comedy and pockets it like a Mars bar.
Pegg has staked out a peculiar slant on genre material that ventures beyond irony toward rehabilitation -- and nobody plays blithe humiliation with more style.
I wouldn't believe that Run Fat Boy Run was co-written by Simon Pegg if he weren't up there on the screen in teeny briefs and with his gut stuck out, trying to endear himself to the American audience in material maybe a notch above Rob Schneider's.
"Run, Fat Boy, Run" is a cut-and-dried formula comedy slightly elevated by its more than competent cast.
Well enough crafted to keep you in stitches while on the edge of your seat for the duration, even if this laff-a-minute escape is more mindless than cerebral.
Run, Fat Boy, Run stays out of sitcom quicksand long enough to make you think that Schwimmer has a knack for this comedy-directing thing.
This is an amiable film that will provoke some chuckles.
Using conventional slapstick gags and inventive crosscutting, David Schwimmer scores as a creditable, if not memorable, director...but the innocuous script is totally predictable.
An unapologetic throwback to the days when comedies didn't have to be all that original -- just as long as they were funny.
Credit Pegg for inserting his smart brand of character-driven humor everywhere the script needed him (he polished up an old script by Michael Ian Black), and credit Schwimmer for keeping things moving quickly and efficiently.
Pacing and suspension of disbelief aside, I had fun with the heart-felt moments and the sheer comedy. Plus, itâ(TM)s great to see Pegg jump out of his Edgar Wright-zone for a bit and try making a movie with a different group for a change.
Schwimmer just doesn't have the directorial wit to elevate the intermittently amusing script, and none of the cast seems dedicated enough to raise the bar either.
Although I did enjoy the incongruity of the characters, this well-intentioned low brow co-production does not quite make it to the finish line.
Schwimmer and Pegg have scored a win--largely due to tasteful choices in the subplotting and providing such a rich ensemble to tickle the shenanigans to a higher level.
It's as if [director David] Schwimmer managed to shoot himself in his foot with the starter's pistol.
Simon Pegg's considerable skills can only do so much to enliven the mediocre text of actor David Schwimmer's feature directing debut, a mildy humorous trifle with some heart but not enough hilarity.
Run, Fat Boy, Run shows that Simon Pegg can't rescue a derivative dud.
Run, Fatboy, Run is the type of romantic comedy apt to be described as "nice" or "sweet," both of which are codewords for "unexceptional" and "useless."
It's not hysterically funny, but this British comedy is sharp enough to keep us chuckling right to the predictably sappy conclusion.
Formulaic and thoroughly conventional.
It is an immensely likable, big-hearted romantic comedy that has a wide-ranging appeal as unpretentious feel-good escapism and a perfect date movie choice.
Seems to lack the aspirations necessary to overcome its failings.
...a mess of sentimental cliches...
Predictable and conventionally anti-American.
...despite lacking marquee stars could do well with the date-night mainstream.
There are no surprises here -- just broad, frequently slapstick gags that don't avoid but do tamp down a bit on the bodily-function school of yokkery.
...excessive product-placement has turned the film into one enormous ad for Nike, with all the chilling humourlessness that this implies.
Pegg exudes his usual air of faint self-congratulation playing an unlikeable prat whom nobody in their right mind would prefer to the high- flying Azariah or indeed to anyone.
An enjoyable if patchy and predictable ride, but Simon Pegg shows he's more than capable of going the distance.
You'll laugh a bit, but not much, while your interest in the storyline will hover between mild interest and vague indifference. Needless to say, all memories of this movie will evaporate on contact with daylight.
Schwimmer often resists an easy laugh in favour of a poignant moment and thereby heightens the sense of urgency during Dennis' last dash for glory.
Pegg proves agreeable company in a lightweight Britcom whose biggest laughs emanate from its supporting cast.
When Schwimmer managed to get Pegg on board, his good fortune became ours.
Friends star David Schwimmer proves that nothing wins over a crowd like a barking underdog and bags of below-the-belt humour - his directing debut is a wheeze.
What should be dreadfully synthetic actually plays as a pleasant time-passer, thanks to a goodly supply of one-liners, and Pegg and Newton's facility for investing a string of hokey plot devices with genuine warmth. Formulaic, yet disarmingly enjoyable.
Pegg pitched Shaun of the Dead as "Richard Curtis shot through the head." Run, Fat Boy, Run comes on more like "Richard Curtis kicked in the nuts" - a refreshingly honest Britcom that never really threatens the ribs but which is amiable company throughout
Enjoyable, sharply written and frequently hilarious comedy with strong comic performances from its cast. This should strike a chord with slightly overweight men everywhere.
Predictable sitcom but delightfully feel-goodish.




@highlight

Run, Fat Boy, Run features sporadic laughs, but is ultimately too formulaic and predictable.