Think of her as Elle Woods from Legally Blonde minus the charm, intelligence and work ethic.
One doesn't need to have any familiarity with the Stephanie Plum novel series to immediately hear and see what an ill fit Katherine Heigl is for the role.
Light and fluffy as a cupcake, Katherine Heigl's many talents are truly wasted in this story based on the first of eighteen best-selling Stephanie Plum novels.
Didn't Jennifer Aniston already do a bounty hunter movie? Talk about sloppy seconds.
One For The Money is a paint-by-numbers chick-flick that'll make you laugh a few times but won't particularly enamour.
Apart from the three girls behind me constantly shifting their legs so that it made my otherwise empty row feel as if I was in an earthquake, One For The Money is an utterly lifeless, joyless experience.
Heigl deserves better than this.
Ultimately, it's further proof that Katherine Heigl picks her projects by stapling all potential scripts to a wall and throwing a dart.
The film miscasts Heigl and doesn't do much good for Debbie Reynolds as Grandma, either.
Director Julie Anne Robinson never finds a convincing tone and ruins everything with over-emphatic comedy reaction shots and a music track that keeps telling us how funny everything is (it isn't).
As bland and flavourless as movies come. Please God, no Two For The Show!
Is there no stopping Katherine Heigl? Please.
With yet another ho-hum run at the multiplexes, Katherine Heigl's big-screen resumé is fast looking like an insider's gag.
Heigl's fine and there's some zingy dialogue, but the violence jars with the comedy and, despite being written and directed by women, it still comes off as needlessly sexist.
The supposedly feisty Plum keeps following the lead of the two hunky men in her life. Scrape off the Elmore-Leonard-lite scuzz, and this is just a retroinactive rom-com.
...a second-rate and consistently worthless Out of Sight knockoff...
If the filmmakers can't be bothered to believe in the real-world implications of its premise, then why ever should we?
Someday to be used in film schools as a textbook example of how not to adapt a best-selling novel for the screen, One for the Money is mis-cast, mis-scripted, and mis-directed in every category.
Compared to someone like Jennifer Lopez in Out of Sight, Stephanie is a total drip who needs to get her head on straight before she picks up a weapon again.
There seem to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 18 Stephanie Plum novels by Janet Evanoich. God save us if One for the Money catches on.
Another example of a so so movie standing in the shadow of an excellent book.
The dialogue isn't exactly Chandler-esque, though the stereotypes are hardboiled.
Maybe it will please a few Heigl enthusiasts, but for everybody else you should avoid at all costs.
An ungainly mix of flat-footed gumshoeing and strained attempts at hilarity, all delivered with an unconvincing Joizy vibe.
Disappointing...The comedic lines penned by Evanovich, while riotously funny when read, aren't nearly as effective in the film.
Inane wish fulfillment of the most dreadful variety -- a deeply vapid movie which puts no sincere care or thought into how its slapdash story choices interact with the real world.
You could go nuts with the double entendres associated with One for the Money, beginning, of course, with the film's title.
The movie has the by-the-numbers efficiency of a decent TV series, and about as much flavor.
We're meant to laugh at the fact that cute little Stephanie bumbles her way to getting one informant killed and another savagely beaten and thrown from a moving vehicle. Oh Stephanie, you're a riot!
I enjoyed it in a guilty pleasure sort of way.
Lackluster bounty hunter romp has some startling violence.
everything that is wrong with One for the Money is the result of Katherine Heigl
There have been notable exceptions, but Heigl tends to imbue her characters with an off-putting mix of insecurity and abrasiveness. This film is a prime example.
I guess I can't call the movie sexist as it was largely produced, directed and written by women. So I'll settle for calling it dull, corny and amateurish instead.
It's official: Katherine Heigl will not rest until every last person on Earth is a misogynist.
Katherine Heigl's self-guided descent into career irrelevance continues unabated.
There is action of a sort -- a car blows up, shots are fired -- and what might pass for witty, sexy banter to someone who once overheard a conversation about an episode of Moonlighting.
Heigl's comic timing is solid, and she knows her limitations well enough, but there's a hollowness at the movie's center, right where Heigl's heart should be.
Imagine an Elmore Leonard movie scripted by a bad Nora Ephron imitator, and you'll have an idea of how dead-in-the-Jersey-water it is.
Punitively dull.
Heigl and O'Mara snipe at each other with the sizzling chemistry of two people who can't wait to whip out their BlackBerries and check their email as soon as a take is over.
Everything in One for the Money rings cringingly false.
Tedious and tonally inept.
"One for the Money" comes across less as a fully functioning feature film and more like a busted pilot for another aggresively quirky series for the USA Network.
A muddled, tonally clumsy adaptation of the first of Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum books.
This Jersey-set movie--Heigl tries on the accent every so often, and it never fits--would be more fun with Snooki in the lead role. At least the thing would have some spunk.
Janet Evanovich's best-selling Stephanie Plum series deserved better than this woefully executed, stillborn attempt at a franchise.
Heigl, sporting tousled brunette locks, gives a busy, unconvincing performance.
What a pity. You can see what Heigl is going for in this movie, and you can see the character she wants to play, but it doesn't come off.
Fans of Evanovich's work should walk away satisfied, perhaps even delighted with the adaptation. Everyone else will simply be able to walk away, which is saying something considering the debilitating toxicity of Heigl's recent output.
No wonder Lionsgate chose not to screen the finished product in advance for review. 'One for the Money' is a surefire example of inept filmmaking, absolutely reeking of rote desperation.
One for the Money is tepidly glib throughout. Even violent murders are followed by wisecracks or another prurient opportunity to ogle Heigl's behind and cleavage.
To compare this mess to a sitcom would be an insult to sitcoms.

@highlight

Dull and unfunny, One For the Money wastes Katherine Heigl's talents on a stunningly generic comic thriller.