Like a lot of mediocre movies it's not about much more than the immediate emotional response it's trying to generate. The filmmakers realize this and make an effort to shoe horn some themes in ... it just makes an already muddled movie even more muddled.
Thank God the local priest puts everything in perspective with a string of family-values clichés.
Sloppy filmmaking as a whole.
This feeble attempt at a mind-bending thriller has a vaguely interesting premise, but its potential is soon lost thanks to dreary execution.
Dark Bullock deja-vu thriller won't interest kids.
The film doesn't have any meaning. Not just because it's bad. Because at the very end, it's very obvious that there wasn't any point to anything.
One can still hear Ebeneezer Scrooge lament, "Why show me this if I am past all hope?"
Largely ridiculous but terribly serious.
Perhaps sensing the chaos, Bullock acts as if she's standing just outside herself, not quite vested in the role, her mind seemingly elsewhere.
This film wants to be a twisty thriller but ends up something of a misogynistic mess which leaves its leading lady stranded.
I think the actress smiles a total of once in 100 minutes on screen. Granted, it's radiant when she does, but that's not enough to save the film.
At times intriguing, often confusing and ultimately frustrating, Premonition jumbles the past and present as Sandra Bullock's young wife and mother tries to change fate.
Could have been a darn snappy thriller, but the listless relationship at the story's core, plus ham-handed handling of the essential flashback/ flash forward scenes doom it.
Offers its moments of requisite thriller twists that will appeal to fans of that genre.
A time-twisting drama that ties every detail together in a satisfying conclusion. Sandra Bullock gives one of her best performances to date.
Sem conseguir se definir como suspense, ficção científica ou drama, o longa finalmente revela seu vácuo criativo ao entregar-se a uma pregação pseudo-espiritual tola e superficial.
If the director seems to show Sandra no mercy as she's instructed to run around breathlessly for two hours in circles through the past, present and future in no particular order, imagine the even greater toll this movie takes on the exasperated audience.
By the time the requisite, and somewhat silly twist end comes around, we as an audience no longer care.
If Sandra Bullock is concerned about being in too many time-travel movies, well%u2026maybe it's too late.
A messy movie but one that at least cares enough about its central character.
... a confusing mess, a puzzle that can't be solved.
Someone should have figured out what this movie was really about before they even started.
The trailer provides 'Premonition' with a dose of its own prophetic recipe. Having seen it there's no need to see the film.
Save your money and time. If it weren't for the special effects blowing up the budget, this would have been just perfect as a Lifetime movie.
Instead of cranking up the suspense, the film turns into mush.
Premonition is enjoyable enough for the first 70 minutes or so but it's completely ruined by a terrible final act that fails to exploit the film's premise and leaves the audience feeling cheated.
If only Bullock could have foreseen how bad Premonition would turn out to be, she would have spared herself (and us) a lot of agony.
An intriguing, if not entirely original premise to be sure, but Premonition never quite builds up the momentum that seems so inherent to its narrative.
Had it been easier to comprehend at the beginning, there's no telling how bad Premonition might have been.
Premonition barely remembers to create suspense.
How many times can the nightmare that is Sandra Bullock keep recurring?
Interesting premise but by the weaker third act the audience is left wodnering if they care about any of it.
Devolve into a film that only feigns the pretensions of popular entertainment but instead wants to delve into all sorts of family issues.
The level of apparent disinterest from everyone involved is astounding.
A gripping psychological thriller that will have you guessing from start to finish.
I had a strange sense before I walked into the theatre that this wasn't going to be all that good... and that's exactly how it happened.
Unfortunately in the end this movie did not live up to the trailer shown.
It may be a mediocre thriller, but it's a nice drama about rekindling the spark in a dying marriage. If you don't buy that, consider it a 110-minute fashion show, with more clothing changes than Project Runway.
Just a rehashed 'Twilight Zone' plot stretched over 90 minutes while Sandra Bullock stumbles around working on her 'baffled' face.
The screenplay by Bill Kelly is a lot like the title character in Mr. Townsend's famous rock opera, which is to say it doesn't know what day it is.
Premonition's way of dressing its marital crisis material in Twilight Zone garb grabs attention but looks flimsy upon further inspection.
This first American film by German director Mennan Yapo drags by like a Friday afternoon at work. Several of them. Over and over.
Premonition is annoying, mind-numbing, unoriginal, and it's certainly not entertaining.
I just returned from the immediate future, like two minutes from now, and I have a strong feeling I'm about to give this movie a big thumbs down.
So there you have it: go to church, keep your husband's gaze averted from stray blondes, try not to think about the future, and all shall be well.
Premonition is a shoo-in for my list of the year's worst films, assuming that I can even remember what it is nine months from now.
It's a pointless race against time.
Surprisingly slow and relentlessly absurd...
I had a premonition this might be a forgettable mediocrity, but I was wrong. It's actually a laughable turd.
Comparisons to other time-bending pictures ("Memento") are easy, but what are missing are suspense, cleverness and common sense, despite a supernatural premise. Instead we have family drama that bounces between terror and mysticism, to zero effect on eith
...your Gimme-a-Break meter will probably be red-lined long before director Mennan Yapo drags you over the shaggy-dog finish line.
Julian McMahon is Sandy's husband, and he really needs to do something about those eyebrows. They don't even cover his eyes %u2013 they're more like eye-postrophes than brows.
You'll feel both cheated and nonplussed at the conclusion after sitting through an hour and a half watching Sandra Bullock slowly morph into Gladys Kravitz.
Premonition is the kind of movie where you can keep a running count of the films it's ripping off -- but you may need more than two hands.
Breathtakingly stupid movie.
Linda's routine looks pretty much like updated Donna Reed: no wonder she wants out.
Bullock may be easing away from her kooky Miss Congeniality persona and into more substantial material at just the right time in her career.
an hour of boring confusion followed by thirty minutes of a laughable ending
Bullock has overcome dozens of similar turkeys in her career. For example, it would be nice to be able to forget 'Speed 2: Cruise Control.' Yapo, however, will have to cure cancer, AIDS and leprosy before viewers will forgive him for this movie.
Time traveling to the future isn't the same thing as a "Premonition." But maybe calling it "Nonsense" would have been just a little too honest.
Since all those high falutin' bloggers are too busy handicapping the Oscars, here's a scoop from the other end of stick: this one's a lock for the Ivar Theater next February.
The acting is perfectly fine, and everyone, especially the two kids, manages to rise above the sub-par script, but unfortunately, not that much.
Unfortunately, not even Sandra Bullock's ability to make us almost forget the ridiculous plot forced upon her can save 'Premonition.'
If you're into smartly made movies, avoid Premonition at all costs.
Premonition is just an incredible mess from start to finish, filled with so many logical inconsistencies, it's practically impossible for the audience to sustain the necessary suspension of disbelief for long.
Confusing, convoluted and yet gripping and emotional almost in spite of itself Premonition is the first movie Sandra Bullock has successfully 'carried' in years.
The script could have used some analysis itself. After proceeding for an hour in its fairly obvious supernatural path, suddenly the movie decides to get religious.
The sloppy, absent-minded Premonition is a step back in time and a giant leap backward for Sandra Bullock.
Hitchcock would have had a wonderful time with this.
As Premonition slowly creeps toward a ridiculous faith-based climax or two, you may feel compelled to take a nap yourself. When you awake, it may all seem like a bad dream -- but why is your wallet missing $11? Scary.
Premonition is an odd little thing, with a protagonist in a protracted fugue state and a plot that doesn't know whether its coming or going.
Bring on those Razzie nominations.
At least all this uncertainty is leading up to a spectacular twist ending -- oh, wait. No, it's not.
Our sympathies gradually shift from feeling sorry for the character and her dilemma to feeling sorry for this appealing actress, swimming against the current in murky waters.
I have a premonition you won't give a damn. I sure as hell didn't.
Premonition is a thriller almost completely without thrills, with a puzzler that raises questions it never bothers to answer.
Premonition is a thriller with a major gimmick, a few moments of suspense and a profoundly unsatisfying ending. As such, it plays much like a C-grade cable thriller.
The psychological thriller Premonition is neither as beguiling as you might hope nor as moronic as you might fear, floating comfortably in that gray, maybe-we-can-get-it-from-Netflix territory.
Not exactly a thriller, never quite a chiller, hardly suspenseful, it is, at best, a Sandra Bullock vehicle made of vanishing vapors.
Though smarter than your average, inexplicable supernatural happening, and despite ticking every box on the fears-of-women exploitation checklist, Premonition almost never grabs or shakes.
The convoluted setup doesn't produce a payoff worthy of the attention this film demands.
A kinda supernatural, kinda psychological thriller that establishes a perplexing situation and never gets around to figuring it out.
Could it have been worse? Yes, it could have been 120 minutes.
Premonition works hard at wearing out its welcome, with numerous scenes that don't seem to add up and too many characters who feel underwritten.
Somber but soulful, Premonition has a strong dramatic performance by Sandra Bullock and a gimmicky plot that doesn't grate until the end.
When we get to the top of the roller coaster, the film stalls and slows down.
It never pays to think too much about movies constructed to make you think.
The script's vague, silly "explanation" for Linda's experiences -- nature abhors a spiritual vacuum, so weird stuff happens to the faithless -- is the icing on the irritation cake.
Premonition could have been Memento on estrogen. Instead, it's too poorly paced and ultimately too antifeminist to air on Lifetime.
Premonition, for all its far-fetched nature, never lets go of its momentum and holds the audience every inch of the way.
Premonition is both dreary and absurd, suffering from a lack of intrinsic logic and terrible pacing, a one-two punch that kills off any chance of entertainment value.
Premonition maintains a chilly grip on the viewer, almost in spite of the spotty storytelling.
Pay real money to see this feeble fiasco only if you're in the mood for Groundhog Day without the laughs.
[A] gimmicky and nearly suspense-free fantasy/thriller.
She's confused. We're confused. So is the movie.
Movies obsessed with keeping us guessing can miss out on providing reasons to keep us caring.
A thrill-less psychological thriller.
The most irritating thing about this film is its overall lack of clear direction. Bullock is always running around in a sort of a fog, dashing from scene to scene, but with no sense of purpose.
Fans of horror, thrillers, and the films of Sandra Bullock will find Premonition puzzling since it fails to honor any of them.
"Seven Days to Live" is an OK country song, packed with faith, family and fighting for what's important. Oh, wait, that's what "Premonition" should have been, instead of a preposterous thriller that wastes Sandra Bullock's time, and ours.
Premonition falls apart because the script turns stupefyingly boneheaded during the most crucial scene.
Bill Kelly's script adds a graceful touch of the spiritual, but it can't overcome the holes in story logic during Linda's Groundhog Day of a week.
But that script really is a disaster, the only thing missing a cameo by Tony Todd foreboding doom.
The problem here is not so much that there's no explanation for what's happening to her as that the filmmakers haven't figured out what to do about it.
Premonition has its merits, as a film about the need to love one's spouse today, for you never know what tomorrow will bring.
tries diligently to blow your mind and leaves you shaking your head instead. ...What happens when a promising screenplay degenerates into total incoherence? To quote the Magic 8 Ball, 'outlook not so good.'
Here's a Premonition for you: This ill-conceived thriller isn't going to do anything for Sandra Bullock's career.
so full of logic flaws, continuity errors... it's amazing the screenwriter or director couldn't foresee the train wreck of a film it becomes
As Wednesday morphs into Tuesday, flips over to Friday and moseys back to Monday, the audience suffers moderate confusion and mild annoyance at Bullock's failure to address her condition in any meaningful way.
One of the film's weak links is the casting of Sandra Bullock. ... For a woman who has supposedly lost her husband, she displays very little emotion.
Yes, in the end Premonition slips through our fingers, but by gum, it's interesting, and one of the most abstract mainstream releases I've seen in a long time.
"I don't know what to fight for," a tortured Bullock tells her local priest. My suggestion would be better scripts. A couple more like this one and I can see "Speed 3" on the horizon!
It may be the first time you ever find yourself as confused as a contestant on Are You Smarter Than A 5th Grader.
A lethargic thriller that appears to just give up several times over, even foregoing the twist ending it seems destined for.
Screenwriter Bill Kelly has some wild ideas for this mental time bomb, but he has problems organizing the thrills and the chills in the correct order for maximum unease.
One reality Bullock unfortunately can't change is the ineluctable trudge toward the appallingly boneheaded ending.
Its biggest failing - and the ultimate one for a lightweight entertainment such as this - is that it's a deadly bore from start to finish. Even more annoying is its blind-alley structure resulting in an unsatisfying mind game for the audience.
The picture can't decide between cheap scares or deep thoughts, so it goes for both.
answers most of its mysteries, even if the resolutions are disappointingly vague
You know those 'In a world where...' movie trailers? Well, Premonition's would start out: 'In a world where no one has ever seen Groundhog Day...'
This is a much dumber movie than The Lake House. In fact, the script is an ungainly mess and ultimately a shaggy-dog story.
Can you suffocate by constantly stifling yawns? If so, Premonition should be labeled a public health threat.
May I suggest that it's time to declare a moratorium on movies about time?
Premonition is so bad, there's even a scene mirroring the time when the old nighttime soap Dallas jumped the shark with Bobby Ewing in the shower!
In Premonition, Sandra Bullock plays a woman going through a horrifying experience. She keeps waking up in this movie.
If you've seen the ads, you've seen the movie.
Considering that nothing adds up in the end, it is difficult to understand why a star of Sandra Bullock's caliber would agree to get involved.
The script and direction are so humorless that the film becomes unintentionally funny, and, perhaps inevitably, the story falls apart once we know what's really going on.
Premonition is a dour Groundhog Day for desperate housewives.
As Premonition zigzags toward its solution it loses its head completely, packing a risible final reel with left-field religious disquisitions and heartfelt warnings against infidelity.
I like that they use crows, because the stink of this carrion has flushed out a few guilty jackdaws.
This seals it: Sandra Bullock can't tell time.
The movie does deserve credit for sticking to an ending no one at the studio could have wanted. We would, however, like to premonish that the conclusion is equally unlikely to satisfy the audience.
The scene in front of the funeral home where Bullock goes over the edge is inappropriately hilarious.
[A] hackneyed supernatural thriller that plays like a cross between a Lifetime network spinoff of Final Destination and the infamous Bobby-in-the-shower episode of Dallas.
With her tetchy screen persona, Sandra Bullock is well served by brainteasers like The Lake House and this passable thriller about a woman who seems to be bouncing between two alternate realities.
Premonition is probably two-thirds of a good movie, and sometimes that's enough. But I have a, well, premonition it may not be, especially when it comes to those all-important opening-weekend grosses.
This faceless frightfest begs the only one genuinely true psychological question at large: what prompted Bullock to be drawn to this mindless, moping mystical material?
Ageless beauty Sandra Bullock gives her typical automated performance in a superficial cross between the recent "Deja Vu" and Bullock's own excruciating movie "The Lake House."
...feels like it was concocted in some sort of hormonal haze, say maybe in the seventh month of a pregnancy.
Sandra Bullock morphs from the shopping mall rom-com queen to the sixth sense psycho but can't pull it off in this solo performance of woman's intuition gone bad.
I receive premonitions too: low opening gross ... Rotten Tomatoes rating below 10 percent favorable ... a short ride to the video store.
Movies like Memento, told backward, are so six years ago. Premonition complicates it all by throwing the whole calendar week out of order.
Ohmigod - ya feel that? That rumbling in your ribs, that hiccup in your heart, that frigidness in your frontal lobe. It's a premonition that the act of buying a ticket to "Premonition" will result in tragedy.
In an attempt to be unconventional and surreal, the film has no arc, and everyone talks in shorthand. But Ms. Bullock gives Premonition a truthful center.
Although aspects of Premonition tantalize, other elements frustrate, and that makes for an uneasy final result.
Pacing stutters as Bullock reorganizes her tangled web and dreams of Miss Congeniality 3.
After the setup, the movie starts to lose momentum fast, like a birthday balloon poked with a sharp object.
Sandra Bullock's latest time-shifter goes nowhere, slow.
Bullock's affable performance starts strong then muscles up as a faint but lifesaving strain of humor creeps into the material.
I had a feeling this movie wasn't going to be any good, and as it turns out I was right...both confusingly opaque and frustratingly simple-minded.
Someone connected with the psychological thriller Premonition should have been clairvoyant enough to realize that when you don't have a good finale, it doesn't pay to substitute two bad endings.
Stronger style and atmosphere would have greatly benefited a pic that seems to abandon its own supernatural aspects to sheer plot mechanism.
Is Sandra Bullock losing it? Just when you thought her taste in film projects and acting skills were improving, along comes this senseless, incoherent thriller.
Second-rate 'Sixth Sense'--devoid of scares and originality.
Damn if the movie doesn't work hard, through not working hard at all, at setting some sort of record for dreary ridiculousness.
Blithely unfettered by internal logic, exhibiting the pacing of a banana slug, and boasting a heroine who makes Betty Crocker seem like a radical feminist, Premonition is exactly the reason that the Razzie Awards exist.
According to Premointion, being an atheist means you get superpowers, which means some pretty great things are just around the corner for me.





@highlight

Overdosing on flashbacks, and more portentous than profound, the overly obtuse Premonition weakly echoes such twisty classics as Memento , The Sixth Sense , and Groundhog Day .