Despite its grave themes (or perhaps because or them), The Bourne Supremacy is still supremely thrilling.
The strengths are amazing, and it's pretty impressive how thoroughly and successfully the movie rewrote the vocabulary of action cinema.
A minor step above the entertaining (yet underwhelming) The Bourne Identity...
Second in trilogy is a smooth but violent thriller.
More than adequately serves as a no-nonsense escapist action thriller.
As Bourne seeks to uncover his past and bury those who would cross him, director Paul Greengrass masterfully blends sight, sound and silence to do much more than entertain: This film leaves a deep psychological imprint.
While not as engaging as "The Bourne Identity," the sequel fills a void in the undernourished spy movie genre.
What more could you ask for in a sequel?
Um filme de espiões para adultos.
A huge leap of faith is required to connect, and many plot details appear to have not been properly thought through.
It is a spy film for adults and it avoids over the top pyrotechnics and jokey one-liners, and instead delivers a mature, intelligent thriller.
By the end of the film, we've more or less given up trying to figure out how the characters are making their deductions; we just have to take it on faith that somehow everyone knows to go to a specific address in Moscow.
A thriller with a brain, a grown up film for grown ups
Flashes of color and streaks of movement can make for a striking picture, but only if you can see what's taking place, not to mention if you care about who is in jeopardy.
Where it could have descended into a revenge drama, it settles for justice instead -- and not the kind that puts down one's enemies, but the kind that calls for confession, even reconciliation.
[Director] Greengrass proves himself equally adept at action, building on the edginess of Doug Liman's original with a feverish handheld camera and frenetic editing.
Supremacy is, minor quibbles aside, a worthy successor to The Bourne Identity.
Stylish, full throttle, nobody's-pretending-this-is-art summer movie fun.
At times, it's a bit too much like watching the Zapruder film, but... it keeps the audience sharp by forcing them to search for clues and stay focused on the action.
The Bourne Supremacy offers both brains and brawn, but without the ability to enjoy any of the action, the film falls to mediocre levels.
Yet another of the all reason-defying examples of sequels that are as good as if not better than their earlier films.
Improves on the original by leaps and bounds.
Tries to top the original by offering two car chases; but they both chop space into blurry, discontinuous fragments...As with the car chases, so with The Bourne Supremacy.
The Bourne Supremacy shows how a spy film should really be done.
'Un buen thriller, bien realizado y bien actuado que sirve para pasar un par de horas a gusto en la oscuridad de una sala de cine, pero no le pida más'
I'm here to tell you that it didn't disappoint.
Talk about adrenaline packed into an hour and forty minutes!!
Damon makes Bourne a consistent, driven, intelligent, and yet vulnerable hero. It's too bad Academy voters will fail to notice his fantastic performance.
A first-rate thriller that plays out with the pluck and style of the best James Bond films.
Like the first film, Supremacy belongs to Damon. And he doesn't disappoint -- maintaining a level of intensity that would impress even the coldest of trained killers.
To Read review visit www.EmanuelLevy.com
With a rash of movies about resentful operatives or foot soldiers who can't tell whom to fear more, the enemy or their own leaders, they may be telling us something
Bourne es un antihéroe, un hombre incómodo en su rol, un sicario amnésico atormentado por sus demonios.
(T)he best car chase since Bullitt (1968)...With constant tension, this is a thriller at its best.
Brainy, intelligent, emotional filmmaking that just happens to be in the thriller genre.
This might work on video while imbibing illegal drugs, however, as it stands...Don't bother.
A roller coaster ride of unglamorous sophistication and artful escapes.
A steady, engrossing thriller.
Matt Damon's Jason Bourne brings new meaning to the word "spy." A fine example of a sequel to surpass the original.
Matt Damon again pulls off a great mix of inscrutability and vulnerability.
The Bourne Supremacy is something of a double rarity: an exciting, intelligent Hollywood thriller and a worthy sequel to boot.
Bourne himself hovers above mere physical threats, draining this action movie of any urgency.
Exciting, emotionally layered and brimming with invention.
You can't put a price on a film-maker who still believes stunts should be shot in the street and not the editing suite
A brisk, engrossing and intelligent thriller.
The Bourne Supremacy is a sharp, intelligent thriller that expertly mixes international espionage with a revenge story.
Delivers as long as quibblers needing story, character and credibility can set aside their priorities.
If you enjoyed the "Bourne Identity" you'll enjoy the "Bourne Supremacy" as much - just don't expect much more than that.
On balance The Bourne Supremacy is an engaging thriller (if less engaging as a character drama), and, at least in comparison to its predecessor, it reigns supreme.
conveys a real sense of danger, both emotional and physical
Maybe even the great 007 could learn a thing or two from the new kid on the espionage-movie block.
Such an exhilarating thriller ... don't be surprised if you leave the movie sweaty and exhausted from the workout.
Of its kind, The Bourne Supremacy is incredibly skilled -- much more exciting than its predecessor.
The picture fires on all pistons.
Hand Paul Greengrass his walking papers ... and tell him to take his hand-held camera with him.
The acting was astounding, the plot was superb and the direction nailed it.
Falls flat on its counter-intelligent face...If I wanted to watch an Olympic steeplechase, I'd wait for the Athens Games.
[Although] less intriguing than it is skillful, the follow-up to the 2002 hit delivers its characters, thrills and action very efficiently.
Like Spider-Man 2, this film works in a very specific genre and seems intent on finding the layers underneath.
Does what it promises -- gives great tense drama and action. However, jerky camera work is somewhat annoying.
The movie culminates with a sloppily edited car chase that goes on for so long that I had to be reminded: Was Matt Damon playing Jason Bourne or Sheriff Buford T. Justice?
Another of those incoherent Robert Ludlum spy thrillers with more logistics than logic.
A cinematic page-turner.
The Bourne Supremacy offers cool thrills and explosive action.
Not a perfect film, but it provides enough excitement and intrigue to keep the popcorn crowds well entertained and glued to their seats for future Bourne adventures.
In a summer drenched in CGI-effect extravaganzas, it's easy to forgive The Bourne Supremacy its occasional transparent plot device.
This is a complex, grown up thriller that's rich in its gritty detail and nearly flawless in its stuntwork.
If The Fugitive starred an invincible super-spy and was shot with a broken Steadicam...you'd have this half-decent, hyperactively edited, arms-length chase thriller.
The pacing is lively, yet still easy to follow
Much like Spider-Man 2, this action sequel...essentially delivers more of exactly what you'd expect, along with a blatant hook for the inevitable part three.
Fans of the original film will certainly be pleased with this sequel.
Energetic, edgy and intelligent, film is a worthy follow-up to its exceptional 2002 predecessor.
The car chase near the end of the film is one of most exciting shots ever.
A worthy, but slightly lesser followup to the surprise 2002 hit, 'The Bourne Identity.'
I was riveted by [the] exhausting hand-to-hand combat and adrenaline-pumping car chases...
Dizzying editing and camera work will bother some, and the sheer complexity of the telling will confuse more people.
A convoluted concoction of shaky hand-held camera shots and stomach-churning edits meant to simulate the feeling you'd get if you were tossed over Niagara Falls in a barrel.
Frantic and fresh, "The Bourne Supremacy" is a chic spy thriller that's even better than the original.
The old-school Cold War spy thriller is Bourne again.
Much like Bourne, the film is a lean, mean, killing machine, and the action, near constant, is frightfully good.
A smart thriller for a smart audience.
The Bourne Supremacy is an exceptional thriller that is a sequel to a good one... Power runs through every frame, making the smallness of the world itself seem scary.
A buffed-up, kick-a** version of our modern collective consciousness.
I felt like I was Jason Bourne watching the movie, because I was one step ahead of it the entire way through...but even when Bourne is not at his best, he's still impressive.
Damon, who carries a certain blankness and anger with him, is right at home playing people who don't quite fit in and are tying desperately to find where they belong.
An entertaining, well-constructed spy story (though not as satisfying as the first film -- perhaps because it's not as simple).
Rank[s] as a solid sequel, one that plays to the original's strengths as a sleek, brainy alternative to cartoonish James Bond bloat.
To its credit, Supremacy passes on the glib vigilante scenario and aspires, fitfully, to something more ambitious and ambiguous, something involving conscience, responsibility, and humility.
What's most remarkable is that screenwriter Tony Gilroy (co-writer of the original) - again cribbing (very) loosely from Ludlum's bestseller of the same name - is able to make so many standard spy film cliches fresh and exciting.
Exhausting but thrilling at the same time.
The movie is utterly synthetic.
Good enough to make one have faith in certain things again, like spy movies, sequels and the charismatically low-key, quietly lethal movie-star charisma of Matt Damon.
A tour-de-force of thriller filmmaking.
Almost everything that made The Bourne Identity refreshing -- the wit, the irony, the suspense, the novelty of its premise -- is gone.
Greengrass gives the new film edginess and energy, though his almost constant use of jittery hand-held cameras might exhaust some viewers.
One of the busiest car-chase/ car-crash movies ever.
Bourne's amnesia gimmick is a tired one, but there is a future in spy movies with this sort of blend of action and cynicism.
Solid summer entertainment.
While the movie has a higher IQ than the average summer action blitz, it underperforms as a thrill-dispenser.
Matt Damon and Paul Greengrass have created a fiery, quick-witted film that presents compelling evidence that the action-suspense genre has been "Bourne again."
Eye-rattling visual chaos that many moviegoers will want to rate X, for Excedrin.
The movie is mostly a series of frenetic clashes, dubious near misses and car chases. It lacks the human interest and snowy splendor of the first movie.
The movie skillfully delivers a series of fights, stalkings, plottings and chases, punctuated by a little brooding.
An entertaining spy thriller thankfully free of the campy, tongue-in-cheek excesses of the recent James Bond films.
The screenplay by Tony Gilroy ... cuts Ludlum's convolutions down to size, improves his leaden dialogue vastly and distills the action of the book to its essence.
A rare breed of action flick -- one that doesn't take human life for granted.
This new Bourne adventure, adapted from Robert Ludlum's book, is somewhat too long and burdened with one too many exhaustingly chaotic car chases, but it's still almost as intelligent, exciting and fun as its predecessor.
Just as thrilling, edgy and entertaining as the first installment.
A terse, tight, impressively smart package.
A solid cloak-and-dagger actioner.
By treating the subject matter with the same kind of raw emotional intensity as his recent fact-based drama, director Greengrass literally puts us in the driver's seat.
Matt Damon...yeah, he's still a badass.
Embodying the ruthlessness of the eat-its-own CIA (as well as the entertainment industry), Bourne isn't seeking revenge in the usual sense.
By the end I felt someone had put my brain in a blender.
While Damon doesn't have the benefit of surprising anyone with its sequel, "The Bourne Supremacy," it proves just as enjoyable as its predecessor.
The plot is a solid one. There are several twists and, although the final villains are known early in the film, it keeps you guessing as to how the end will play out. Helping the plot is a strong cast that gives great performances.
The Bourne Supremacy not only lives up to the promises of the novel by Robert Ludlum, but in many ways manages to improve on the first film.
As a video game that propels the viewer through the course, Supremacy is supremely successful. I'm not sure that's enough for a movie narrative.
Instead of setting aside creativity to kneel before the Movie Machine Conformitybot, Greengrass jumped out from a dark corner and knocked the 'bot out with a bag of nickels.
Not a greatly different recipe from that of the first picture, but the results aren't as tasty this time around...Jason should not have been re-Bourne.
The Bourne Supremacy is a summer action film... yet it impresses with its intelligence and its willingness to buck convention.
The Bourne Supremacy... shares the attributes of its star, Matt Damon: Solid, down-to-earth, good-looking but not too flashy, and often capable of surprising you.
Director Paul Greengrass actually has a better sense of pacing than his predecessor, Doug Liman.
a sequel that actually trumps the original... establishes a tense atmosphere almost immediately... and barely lets up for the next two hours.
James Bond only does things you could never do, but Bourne does things you could never even think of.
Spy movies just got thrilling again.
Gripping film.
A refreshing alternative to the hypertrophied spy thrillers in which exaggerated action sequences, over-the-top super-villainy and high-tech gadgetry trump character and plot.
A dandy paranoid thriller that begins confusingly but gets swifter and leaner as it goes.
An enjoyable-enough night at the movies, though it's not as well-crafted as its predecessor.
With its foot pressed to the floor from beginning to end, Bourne is a non-stop gas.
If you've forgotten the kick you get from watching a globe-trotting, butt-kicking, whiplash-paced action movie done with humor, style and smarts, take a ride with The Bourne Supremacy.
Falls short of its predecessor in almost every area, except perhaps acting.
The Bourne Supremacy is essentially a string of how- will-he-get- out-this-one set pieces, but they have been cooked up with nerve-frying elan by British director Greengrass.
A classy if over-caffeinated sequel.
A worthy successor to the smash original.
Better than average summer fare.
Brilliantly paced and cut.
A spy thriller for espionage fans who feel that James Bond has gone soft in the head.
An excellent follow-up that confirms Bourne as a first-class movie franchise.
The Bourne Supremacy is a dynamite sequel that begs for at least one more outing with this spy who refuses to come in from the cold.
More action-filled and tense than The Bourne Identity.
Don't let this slip by you.
As thrillers go, Supremacy is indeed supreme.
Moviegoers who complain about what a shaky camera does to their innards should pack antacids for this one.
Supremacy is briskly paced and the screenwriting is fairly clever and crafty and salvages the film as a whole.
A smart and jittery sequel.
This admirable franchise should change your idea of what makes a good thriller.
A sequel that reaches a higher plateau than its predecessor.
A disappointment from the director of Bloody Sunday.
Almost as good as its predecessor.
The movie pulses forward relentlessly, and the tension never slackens.
It's good enough to make a third Bourne movie a welcome possibility.
Somebody needs to tell filmmakers that holding a camera by hand and shaking it around is not artistic. It looks like The Bourne Witch Project.
In the wake of 9/11, this globe-trotting post-cold-war melodrama full of standard cloak-and-dagger intrigue has the reassuring aroma of a home-cooked meal served while riding the world's smoothest roller coaster.
From top to bottom, from the action parts to the talky bits, The Bourne Supremacy is a movie that absolutely flies by with nary an unnecessary breath.
Spy sequel has serious kick thanks to Tony Gilroy's black-coffee script and Paul Greengrass's two-fisted direction.
Offers the double agents and delicious espionage you expect from a CIA thriller, but without becoming bloated and ridiculous like 90 percent of action films made today.
A kind of rehash of the fast parts in the first movie. It's not totally satisfying, but it's fun while it lasts.
Top-drawer genre filmmaking -- an intense, intelligent, exciting, impeccable spy thriller.
... delivers the expected adrenaline-driven thrills with a fresh eye and a refreshing attitude...
Despite the high speed car chases and the gleaming high-tech weaponry, 'The Bourne Supremacy' is empty of any lasting impressions.
A sequel that, whatever its actual motivation, doesn't feel like a studio-mandated cash grab, but an organic continuation of the original, both in content and style.
Basically you have The Fugitive with CIA agents moving through an entire plot that could be written on a napkin, but it moves like a thunderbolt riding a cheetah.
The Bourne Supremacy" is an exciting, finely crafted action thriller with the accent on "thrill."
The Bourne Supremacy fizzles with its reliance upon a plethora of chase sequences to compensate for its failure to create an engrossing protagonist.
Matt Damon is re-bourne as a compelling action figure
Bourne Supremacy's tag line, "They Should Have Left Him Alone" is so completely apropos for this particularly puzzling sequel.
[F]antastic, a whiz-bang follow-up that far surpasses the original as it breathlessly zigs and zags all over the globe.
The familiar character-driven story is yet another fast-paced, high-stakes, globe-trotting adventure with shaky hand-held camerawork and quick-cut editing.
`The Bourne Identity' was, above all things, muscular - lean, taut and physical -- and its sequel...has not let the series get flabby.
A welcome throwback to blood-soaked espionage thrillers, The Bourne Supremacy is a gritty sequel that hasn't lost its popular appeal.
Only the car chase--the best in years--is not confusing.
The Bourne Supremacy ups the ante and the story zooms to a whole new level while still keeping the paranoia and the spy-vs-spy feel of the first film.
If Damon played Harrison Ford's Deckard character in the first film, in the second he's Rutger Hauer's Roy Batty.
With an intense tone, strong mystery and dedication to story over frivolous action, The Bourne Supremacy is one of the best movies of the year!
The need to separate from the first film seems to have sliced most of Identity's considerable charm right off the bone of what could have been (and still could be) an interesting franchise.
Greengrass knew not to screw up a good thing.
It has an enviable level of clarity and plausibility while dynamically satisfying the conventions and requirements of the thriller.
The most fun you'll have in theaters this summer
The way the film has been made, nothing that happens seems inevitable -- which is to say, anything seems possible. There's a word for that sensation. It's called excitement.
So oppressively identified with its predecessor's look, sound, and design that Doug Liman warrants a co-director credit.
A breathless sequel with tense intellectual punch, smart, seat-gripping action, and a hero who is utterly compelling, almost without saying a word.
Have you noticed that the older he gets, the more Matt Damon resembles Ray Liotta? 'It's essential preparation for my remake of Operation Dumbo Drop,' notes Matt.
This dark, daring sequel is Bourne's journey to acknowledge the blood on his hands and atone for sins of his half-remembered past. It's a tougher, more complicated movie.
a cut above your average fantasy world espionage thriller.
The film's goals are in the right place: character development and character growth.
A cold, calculating virtual redux of The Bourne Identity that leaves a bitter aftertaste in its wake. Audiences have seen this all before, many times over.
Once again, Damon scores in the title role by never courting audience sympathy and playing his all-American good looks against the hard-shell brutality of the character.
Every time you feel like you're finally grabbing hold of something involving, the picture once again spins frustratingly out of reach.
Most of Supremacy is an overedited headache that hardly makes up in frayed nerves what the visuals lack in clarity.
... one of the best thrillers in recent years.



@highlight

A well-made sequel that delivers the thrills.