... a rare, unmissable gem; yes, it's a showcase for its stunning performers and necessary story, but it also pushes us to look at our own emotions, experiences, and relationships in the process ...
This feel-everything drama is one of those honest and intimate scripts that come out of nowhere to say something incredibly meaningful and memorable.
Moving into darker territory where the mumblecore milieu would never venture, Short Term 12 offers a much-needed corrective to the indie-darling set-particularly in its curiously optimistic ending.
[Larson] delivers a character that feels achingly human, and she does it brilliantly.
Cinematic without belying its "slice of life" vibe, emotionally enveloping without being saccharine, and wonderfully acted across the board.
What could be a portrait of instability and institutional failings, however, becomes quite a moving story of the commitment of two counselors (Larson and John Gallagher Jr.) who came through the foster system themselves and take their jobs very seriously.
Larson delivers one of the great performances of 2013.
Here is a movie overflowing with compassion, warmth and good humor.
Raw, intense, human and absorbing.
It's a wild, unruly mess of rampant emotions, and yes, some of them are painful, but there's a great deal of warmth and love here too. It's a truly wonderful movie.
...the best film of 2013 so far. ... It will devastate you without warning and break your heart, all while showing you how to move on and feel hopeful again...
Brie Larson is superb in this brilliant exploration of life in a short term care facility where troubled teens try to find a way to survive in the care of compassionate men and women.
A heartbreaking drama about the lingering affects of childhood abuse and neglect, even under the best of curative circumstances.
Short is all nuanced performances bathed in sumptuous Californian sunlight: its realism is reflected in its lo-fi aesthetic and naturalistic cinematography.
Short Term 12 is cinema at its most compassionate, vulnerable, and human.
Cretton is able to leap tall towers of everyday humour and humanity and then suddenly drop you into a pit of total, gut-wrenching sadness in a single bound.
Short Term 12 hits hard at times, yet despite its potentially melodramatic subject matter, never once feels manipulative or overwrought.
Short Term 12 is the kind of cinematic rollercoaster that will make your heart swell one moment and leave you in tears the next. It's simply unmissable.
It's hilarious, it's sad, it's anger-inducing, it's warm.
A gripping and often compelling character study and a wonderful human drama.
Short Term 12 offers the most concrete proof yet that Brie Larson will be with us long-term.
a monumental work of compassion
There's an 'American' quality to its social conscience that I cannot recall perceiving in any other recent film.
An unexpectedly moving character study about welfare and painful upbringings.
A powerful and passionate film that presents its flawed characters in an honest and heartbreaking fashion that will be hard to forget.
Sufferers of 'Stendhal syndrome' - that singularly wonderful and hopelessly human disorder in which people confronted with particularly beautiful artworks become dizzy and often faint - beware.
It's often heartbreaking, but ultimately the film takes us to a truthful yet positive conclusion
While the topics are serious and the film heartfelt as it provides a genuine insight into troubled lives, there is a surprising lightness about much of the experience, making the bitter-sweet journey all the more rewarding
Brie Larson is very impressive as the caring, funny supervisor whose own demons threaten to engulf her.
The performances, too, are uniformly splendid, especially from Brie Larson as Grace and John Gallagher as Mason.
If we're lucky -- if the tides are right and the winds are calm -- we might get one or two movies a year as good as Short Term 12.
Short Term 12 will having you laughing one minute and tearing up in the next.
There are so many pitfalls, and it seems like every TV movie version of the story falls into all of them at the same time. But in Short Term 12, writer-director Destin Cretton manages to skillfully step over all of them.
Sacramento native Brie Larson gives one of the best performances of the year in Short Term 12, an affecting drama from writer-director Dustin Cretton.
Set in a foster-care facility outside of San Francisco, this independent drama is vivid and heartfelt in its depiction of social work, at times recalling some of Frederick Wiseman's great documentary portraits.
...an engaging, emotional little drama that bodes well for Cretton's future endeavors.
There's a hilariously scatological tale told at the beginning, a sweetly uplifting one at the end, and in the middle a parable about a lonely octopus that may be the most heartbreaking thing you'll hear all year.
Crettin's script delivers warm, humorous dialogue and his direction a wealth of naturalistic performances, chief among them Larson's understated, incandescent turn as Grace.
The film's climax feels a little rushed and overwrought, but the movie's real resonance is its exploration of empathy and vocation.
Cretton is not afraid to be uncool; he embraces the strong emotions that scare some indie filmmakers and that scar -- in some cases literally -- his young characters. The result is a movie that is passionate, compassionate and has the ring of truth.
At times Short Term 12 seems uncertain where it's going, but this matches the circumstances of both staff and residents.
A wonderfully authentic film about the families built from the fragments of broken homes
Brie Larson (21 Jump Street) is outstanding in the leading, tripled-edged role of Grace.
The acting is very good in this film and the screenplay is powerful. It is evident this is a low budget movie, but it works very well despite its production limitations. This is one of the best films I've seen this year.
Documentary-style authenticity gives this understated drama a real kick as it explores the fallout of child abuse from an angle we'd never expect.
incidents seem more idealized than authentic
Despite the heavy subject matter, the film never bogs down into the daily grief it depicts, but maintains a jaunty current of humor that counterbalances its melodramatic content.
The kids are sensitively drawn, if a little pick-and-mix in terms of their issues and ethnicities, and the whole movie breathes with kindness and intelligence.
Short Term 12 thrives on the dangerous chemistry between its young, talented actors.
As a stepping stone for both Larson and Cretton, it leaves you tantalised as to what they'll do next.
Short Term 12 wants to shine a light on these under-paid, under-valued figures and cheats, just a little, to get the job done.
Somewhat slighter than the festival raves would have you expect, Destin Cretton's indie flick is nonetheless a wholly affecting, gently nuanced drama - and a portfolio piece for rising star Brie Larson.
Well intentioned, but somehow inauthentic.
Larson is one to watch.
A barnstorming performance from Brie Larson is the reason to see this bittersweet drama of damaged teens.
The film succeeds by its simple storytelling technique - no explosions, no sweeping music signaling emotional peaks, no big reveals. It's just unsuperhumans...hoping to scratch out some joy and ward off the shadow of loneliness.
There are perceptive scenes and abrasive moments. But there's also a soapy need to launder every problem into a happy or "closured" denouement.
This is a walk through familiar territory, but it wins you over step by step.
There are no star names here but there are star turns, most notably from Brie Larson...
The lead character's called Grace, but don't be put off: Cretton's tough-love snapshot of shattered youth is achingly moving rather than manipulative or mawkish.
There's heart, soul and personality to burn in 'Short Term 12' ... But this is a film that, like many of its young characters, desperately needs to calm down.
Short Term 12 is a miracle of a movie. Beautifully written and perfectly played, all of human life is here: the good, the bad, the messy and the uplifting.
Set inside a group home for troubled teenagers, this film proceeds with seemingly unforced naturalism to tell stories about ordinary lives whose problems unfold into understanding rather than melodrama
A rollercoaster of emotions, bringing so much passion, energy, and creativity to the screen, Short Term 12 is absolutely a must-see film of the year.
[A] sincere and heartening American indie set in short term accommodation for displaced children.
Along the way all the characters' stories seamlessly and elegantly ripple into each other to form conclusions that contradict current social and political tendencies and movements that promote alienation and detachment.
It's one of those performances, like Elizabeth Olsen in "Martha Marcy May Marlene," where a young actress comes seemingly out of nowhere and becomes indelible.
There is no way I ought to have liked this movie -- yet I kind of loved it.
Takes a good whack at exploring the difficulties in treating an at-risk ward of short-term foster-care teenagers.
A breakout role that will earn an Oscar nod if there's any justice.
The unembellished emotional honesty conveyed in the indie drama Short Term 12 is so expertly handled that it carries the viewer past any hesitations harbored regarding the film's overly familiar storyline.
Appealingly people-driven, assuming that watching decent human beings strive to be their best selves is inherently interesting and worthwhile.
"Short Term 12" is a sly wonder of a film. It brings you into its unique world and then slowly reveals its characters, letting them unfold gradually, organically.
Writer-director Destin Daniel Cretton wrings some effective drama from the group home's day-to-day routine. But it's Larson who shines as the caring but emotionally bruised Grace.
The movie has an authenticity and intensity that derives from excellent performances by its young cast and a script that never panders to its characters or the audience.
Short Term 12 emerges out of nowhere and blindsides you in a way few movies could ever hope to.
Brutally honest, Beautifully hopeful
It's one of the best movies of the year and one of the truest portrayals I've ever seen about troubled teens and the people who dedicate their lives to trying to help them.
In a film full of humane performances, Larson stands out, personifying the necessary vulnerability and strength Cretton captures of the workplace.
Short Term 12 captures the complex rhythms of institutional life -- for worker and inhabitant -- while weaving the story of Grace's journey through anguish toward, we hope, happiness.
Difficult to describe without it sounding manipulative or melodramatic but I'll do my best. Trust me when I tell you that this is one of the best films you'll see all year. It's pure, true, and remarkably moving.
A beautiful effort that refuses the lure of cheap sentiment, electing to fashion characters worth inspection, feeling around the woe and frustration that informs each one of these superbly scripted personalities.
"Short Term 12" may sound like confinement, but it's a redemptive and even funny film that invites us to stay and grow.
[Q]uite remarkably, even in the face of the trauma and rage and despair of its characters, Short Term 12 remains hopeful.
With the exception of a clichéd plot device, SHORT TERM 12 is a tough but charming movie that is full of raw emotion and features a star-making performance from Brie Larson.
It's a remarkable film.
It's one of the best and most humane movies of the year.
This surprising little sleeper will give you more big feelings in its first 15 minutes than every one of last summer's blockbusters combined.
Don't be put off by its forgettable title. Short Term 12 is a deeply memorable film.
If something smells false at all, it's the structure.
An indie production that puts most mainstream Hollywood teen dramas to shame.
Short Term 12 is graced by an elegant simplicity and honesty that makes it one of the best films of the year.
Full of humanity and compassion and populated by rich characters, this is a soothing balm after a steady diet of raucous, bombastic fare.
deals honestly with very real issues
In lesser hands...could easily have become a tearjerker, but it neatly sidesteps the trap to remain truthful and affecting.
"Short Term 12" is the kind of teen-oriented movie that's often dismissed as an "after-school special," but thanks to a nimble young cast it's frequently better than that.
Tender, funny and real as a kick in the ribs.
A compact masterpiece of storytelling that brims equally with ambition and humility. It is, by a wide margin, the best film I have seen so far this year.
Bring tissues if you're prone to cry. "Short Term 12" will sneak up on you at unexpected moments.
There are any number of ways that Cretton could have made this material precious or sentimental, but he honors the story by forcing us to come to the characters rather than by underlining everything with close-ups and obvious musical cues.
... sidesteps cheap sentimentality to create a bittersweet yet heartwarming tale without any clear-cut heroes or villains.
Marvelous ensemble work, Larson shines.
This is a film about hurt and healing, isolation and fear, need and rage - and it's not just the motley, messed-up crew of 14- and 15-year-olds who are trying to cope, trying to get better.
Any director who sees "Short Term 12" will want to cast Larson in something. This movie puts her on the map.
It's a lovely, tough-minded film.
"Short Term 12" is that rare movie gutsy enough to tell the truth about love: that it's not a poetic longing or a magical-thinking happy ending, but a skill. And, the film suggests, we all have the capacity to learn it.
An emotionally authentic examination of the lives of those who live in and work at a children's home where the lines between the inhabitants and the caretakers isn't as clear as one might suppose.
This movie has the dash and esprit of service comedies like MASH and the harrowing emotions of misunderstood youth films like The 400 Blows.
An authentic drama couched in character that never stoops to manipulation.
It could have been smug, exploitative or politically self-righteous but it's none- it's one of the year's most powerful films.
Heartrending troubled-teen drama explores heavy themes.
This is a small film about a society of castoffs, and while it's beautifully acted and often moving, it's also predictable, because it keeps wresting itself into familiar forms.
Human drama doesn't get much better treatment in the movies than this enormously affecting and beautifully acted independent film . A masterpiece.
I know, it sounds like one of those earnest inspirational good-hygiene movies. On one level, it is. But the exchanges are electric.
It has the intimacy of a documentary so that the solid, assured narrative structure sneaks up on you.
Short Term 12 will remind you why you like movies. It tells a beautiful story, brings to life vivid and real characters, and will leave you breathless but undoubtedly still smiling.
Ultimately, it's because of what goes unsaid in the film that its various onscreen relationships feel authentic and lived in.
From the get-go, the movie has you, anchoring you down to its sad and beautiful world and demanding that you carry with you all of the incredible thoughts and feelings it has to offer.
When Short Term 12 reaches its last scene, the lump it leaves in your throat feels earned.
It's a serious drama with warm, sometimes funny edges, made with an understated sense of craft.
In portraying a wide range of attitudes and experiences writer-director Cretton never strikes a false note; if anything, you could almost be fooled into believing this is a fly-on-the-wall documentary.
We go to the movies for discoveries like this, an authentic masterpiece that stands out because of old-fashioned tenets such as terrific directing and acting.
"Short Term 12" comes from a place of delicate and truthful understatement, which allows the humanity and decency of its characters-and, yes, the lessons-to shine through naturally.
Rehab movies nearly always make me cringe, as if the audience needs to take medicine, as if hope needs to be force fed. Short Term 12, an exceptional film in every way, breaks the mold.
The best indie of the year. Brie Larson gives a career-making performance.
Cretton pulls off a tricky balancing act in "Short Term 12,'' which could easily have become a colossal downer if played to melodramatic excess.
Cretton needs to realize that you don't need to hit your audience over the head repeatedly with emotional high notes. A few are fine, but if your characters are well-rounded, engaging, and acted with heart, then they'll speak fine for themselves.
The dominant style of the acting is naturalistic, but Brie Larson, operating in another realm, creates a marvelously complex heroine.
Even as the gathering melodramatic storms threaten to swamp this pungent slice of life, Mr. Cretton manages to earn your tears honestly.
Short Term 12 wraps up with one of the most touchingly memorable last moments of any film this year. Despite a title that's hard to recall, this brief but resonant movie sticks with you.
The entire cast, including newcomer Alex Calloway, comes together under Cretton's direction to immerse us in this heartbreaking yet hopeful world. "Short Term 12" is a small yet significant miracle.
The film is a quiet sensation.
"Short Term 12" is a small wonder, a film of exceptional naturalness and empathy that takes material about troubled teenagers and young adults that could have been generic and turns it into something moving and intimate.
What's refreshing about this drama is that it bows neither to the stereotype of a horrifying institution, à la One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, or a syrupy tale of a problem teen who undergoes a dramatic transformation.
A sensitive and well-acted drama about a wounded healer and the challenges she faces in her work with troubled kids and in her own psyche from the pain of the past.
In showing us all the richness and tenderness and passion that's possible in young lives that have pretty much been discarded by ordinary society, Cretton invites us - in the kindest possible spirit! - to question our own privilege.
Larson, in particular, does wonders with a character who in other hands could easily have come across as overly earnest, even saccharine... It's a superb performance that deserved a more credible, less jerry-rigged context.
Just a beautiful film and a real crowd pleaser.
It's infinitely dynamic, making it one of the most moving, harrowing, heartwarming, and satisfying films of the year.
The situation has a built-in heartbreak, but Cretton doesn't milk it. Instead, he lets each character strike a note of lived-in reality that is rarely found on screen.
Short Term 12 strikes a delicate balance between emotional turbulence and artful understatement.
I don't expect to see a better film this year than Short Term 12.
You'd have to go back to Half Nelson to find such a beautifully organic combo of spot-on performances, tough-love storytelling and tender treatment of deep-rooted emotional damage.
Independent dramas don't come any better conceived or executed than this impressive debut outing from writer-director Destin Daniel Cretton.
Easily one of the best films so far this year, it's a nearly perfect blend of pimple-faced naturalism, righteous moral fury, nuanced social insight, and unsentimental but devastating drama.
A naturalistic look at troubled adolescents and the staff people who treat them.
Acclaimed at film festivals - this is a sensitive, poignant and distressing drama about troubled adolescents.
There's tremendous dramatic value to the aching and sometimes devastating scenes that home in on these kids' private torments.
Subtly inverting the story's point of view, Cretton sees his protagonists through the eyes of the teens and gets to the ineffable core of trust.
We all want movies to make us feel things. We just need to know we can trust them with our feelings, and Short Term 12 earns our trust and then delivers the emotion.
Short Term 12' is a must-see for cineastes wanting to catch filmmakers and a cast on the verge of great things.
The performances that are the beating heart of the film are revelatory, real announcements regarding actors I hope to see much more from in years to come.
Honest and striking, this is a drama that will have audiences simultaneously laughing and crying.
The whole thing just feels perfect or magical, a shining example of what cinema is all about.
Cretton's screenplay pulls off a tricky balance of imbuing its story with emotional weight while not coming across as cloying in the process. The situation is inherently dramatic, but the filmmaker complicates it with characters worth rooting for.
Short Term 12 is a film about scars, some physical, others emotional, but all examined with a sensitivity and understanding that cuts deep.
Affecting drama about troubled kids is a breakout for Brie Larson without losing its ensemble balance.
Larson's performance is something of a quiet revelation, and the same could be said of the film itself.
A Heartrending, Heartwarming & Authentic Portrait of Life At A Foster Care Facility

@highlight

Short Term 12 is an emphatic, revealing drama that pulls audiences into the perspective of neglected youths.