A heavily moralizing comedy that wants to be a horror comedy, but is barely a horror film and only sometimes a comedy.
Though this isn't a well-crafted movie by any means, when it works, and it does so intermittently, it's legitimately funny.
The best of all the Madea films.
No matter how many films Perry writes, directs, produces, and stars in, he's not especially interested in getting better at it.
Instead of running full force with the conceit, Perry's own directorial limitations hinder the finished product.
Isn't a bad movie by any stretch, but it is Tyler Perry's most unfocused and tonally inconsistent.
By removing most of the "Go with God" material, the faith-based filmmaker has created his most consistent mainstream comedy to date.
The fans will probably be pleased, but the most interesting thing about this one is how Perry finesses playing scenes with himself in three different roles.
Boo! is certainly the most watchable Madea movie I've seen in a long time, even though I get the feeling Perry still doesn't know how to direct for the screen.
Dropping Madea into a comic Halloween adventure should have been a recipe for fun. Dropping her into one that recycles jokes and celebrates the virtues of beating children proves to be the exact opposite of fun.
While it's Madea's entire schtick to be over-the-top, even minor characters lacked any and all nuance in their actions.
Excepting Perry's performance as Brian, the film is chockablock with terrible actors, and the jokes he gives his inferior cast to work with are stinkers.
Frightful comedy, filled with vulgar slapstick and a mockery of child abuse disguised as 'a good whuppin.'
Madea franchise is getting so tired it's scary.
With absolutely no kind of pacing or structure, the movie just ambles narratively from one scene to the next, never putting together a full story let alone any kind of arcs or character development.
Brace yourself for the specter of self-righteous Madea serving up street justice to clowns, collegiates, ghosts and goblins!
. . . some viewers will be more disturbed by the ghosts of Mantan Moreland . . . and so many others who shuffled through an entire grotesque cinematic "tradition" of black characters going bug-eyed and frantic after encountering ghosts.
Madea has returned, and she's as bad as ever. Bad in temperament. Bad and barely better than the film surrounding her.
Madea is still the same ole gun-toting big woman that hasn't lost her fanbase, but the while there are plenty of scenes that work, the longer the film plays, the barrel of laughs become empty.
One has to wonder if it is all just fodder for Perry's own version of 8 1/2 where he'll finally get to break free and make art once he decides to part ways with Madea.
...like so many Kevin Smith movies, this one is primarily about the dialogue, and in those it comes closest of all Perry's films to aping the Eddie Murphy Nutty Professor movies
Madea remains a distinctive, weirdly compelling character. Maybe someday Perry will make a good comedy for her.
Mr. Perry is ... an eccentric, inspired performer, and his screen-filling antics as the raucous but righteous Madea - a character who runs through Mr. Perry's stage, film and TV work - is the truly pertinent component here.
This comedy is unlikely to win over any new fans, but the devoted will find comfort in the familiarity.
Boo! A Madea Halloween just isn't very scary and struggles with beating jokes to death like a discarded corpse.
At 103 minutes, this film has way too much dead weight. Scenes are repeated over and over, and some of the acting would not cut it in a school play.
"A Madea Halloween" hits a new low when it comes to mixed messages, moronically celebrating tough love parenting while graphically advocating violence against children.
A cynical, money-grabbing trick on the viewers.
"A Madea Halloween" is rare for Perry in that it's one of only two "Madea" films not adapted from a stage play, but it sure feels like one, with several scenes ... feeling like a one-act, one-room play that goes on and on and on.
Although there's a long cinematic tradition of mixing comedy with scares to excellent effect - Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein being a prime example - this lackluster effort manages to be neither funny nor scary.
As usual, this latest Perry Madea flick is all about laughs - nothing less and nothing more. With Boo!, you'll laugh hard, even when the jokes feel too slapsticky, too vulgar, too over-the-top.
It's another of Perry's raucous and slovenly comedies of responsibility, which means that its heart is in a very old - and right - place. If only a message that was this solid equalled solid laughs.
Perry is often mocked or put down, but his voice and his sensibility are real, and this is clear even in an iffy project like this.
"Boo! A Madea's Halloween" is the "Ernest Scared Stupid" of Madea movies, a slight but genuinely amusing holiday treat.
Oh Madea, we've missed you. Pity Tyler Perry is still too cheap to give you the Hall-er-ween comedy you deserve.

@highlight

Boo! A Madea Halloween won't win Tyler Perry's long-running franchise many new converts -- but at nine films and counting, it hardly needs to.