This sweet, sometimes clunky chick flick is a likable teen romance, but not likely to arouse the giddy swoons Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey generated back in '87.
A horribly routine star-crossed romance job with none of the spunk or humanity that made its oh-so-better forebear a generational classic.
Bad movie, lame plot, poor acting. Don't bother.
It challenges its audience to ask questions, namely, 'Why?' Why was this movie even made?
Aside from the triteness of the dialogue, the mathematical predictability of the script and the muddling of numbskulled politics, DD: HN is a fairly enjoyable experience.
Provides entertainment sophisticated enough to entrance a sophomore in high school.
Although based on choreographer JoAnn Jansen's experience, the script was written by a committee of eight; each writer seems to have contributed every cliché in the memory bank.
It's hardly ever a good idea to remake a beloved movie.
It's been 17 years since Dirty Dancing took the world by storm, and all these years later, Havana Nights is here to remind everyone just how to strike when the iron is ice cold.
It goes forward in an entirely predictable way and everyone lives happily ever after. *YAWN*
The dynamics of Havana Nights haven't the urgency of the first Dirty Dancing.
Pure schmaltz, but not without its share of feel-good entertainment value.
Where else but in a 1950s pre-Castro Cuba can you see joyous locals dancing the mambo in the streets?
It's just about what you'd expect from a dance movie: Not much of a plot, terrific dancing and enjoyable music.
The film never establishes its explosive era in any believable sense -- despite some tacked-on moments of chaos, the movie might as well be set in 1986 Miami as 1958 Havana.
This attempt to wring more money from a new generation has the glossy, tired feel of a Lifetime Channel TV movie.
It's not nearly as groovin as the 1987 original, but 13-year-olds will probably find a lot to like. BTW, what's up with all the petite leading men?
Next to Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, the first picture is like something out of the golden age of Hollywood.
The strong performances by Garai and Luna, the story's acknowledgement of Cubans' political struggles of the 1950s and the movie's unflagging sincerity help it get by.
In the 1987 Dirty Dancing and 2004's Havana-set remake, the settings of the stories are virtually the same except in their particulars.
Tries to add Cuban flavor to a familiar plot but comes up with nothing more than a bubbling stew of cliches.
I can't recall a single [movie] that crashed and burned as badly as Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights does in its last 15 minutes.
Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights does have some sexy music and a few good dance sequences in a steamy nightclub, but the story is terribly contrived and the lead actors have zero chemistry.
You can definitely put this movie in the corner.
...a lukewarm and harmless fairy tale...
This is all straight-up unintended comedy, and a lot of it grooves like one of the film's many jampacked nightclubs.
White boys can't jump, but some white girls sure can dance.
If it was absolutely necessary to re-do "Dirty Dancing," it could be worse. Seriously.
Havana Nights makes us long for the days when Patrick Swayze lived on Hollywood's A-list
It is hard not to smile at a movie as simple as this one. It's like a children's story, but with more rhythmic pelvic thrusting.
How do you write a review for a movie that unashamedly craps on the memory of its deservedly famed and beloved predecessor? The answer: with venom.
... even as the prosaic script gets lost in the intoxicating fantasy of the bloodless revolution, the hot heartbeat of the music drives the film with pure energy.
Superficial but entertaining.
How precious Hollywood resources ended up being diverted to this effort is a dark mystery
Definitely not a sequel and not exactly a remake, Havana Nights adds some fiery Afro-Cuban spice to the mix, but it remains a bland recipe nonetheless.
A routine Hollywood high school morality play.
Solid dancing and a catchy soundtrack. But expect to have the time of your life again and you'll most likely be disappointed.
Doesn't begin to live up to the giddy energy, romance and terrific dancing of its progenitor.
Moderately entertaining but droopy romance.
Looks good, sounds good and delivers what most Dirty Dancing fans are likely to expect.
Jansen might not be the best storyteller, but she's a wonderful choreographer, adapting the styles of her stars (both nondancers before the movie) to complement each other beautifully.
Garai and Luna, both appealing, never achieve combustion in the dance or elsewhere, and only very naive viewers will feel the itch so keenly scratched by Swayze and Grey in 1987.
You may not have the time of your life, but Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights is a perfectly serviceable date movie propelled by some electric dancing and tangy salsa music.
The characters are earnest, thin, dopey, and although the dancing is fine, the drama is flat.
At a certain point, you stop counting the plot elements lifted from the first DD and start clocking the times the movie dares to place them in a different order.
This film is too noble to get down and dirty.
Becomes laugh-out-loud awful, with dreadful, lame lines delivered painfully badly -- as if a different screenwriter and director had taken over for the movie's final act.
Has some good music and hot dancing -- filmed choppily -- but it completely lacks the magic of its predecessor.
The original film's mix of romanticized innocence and sexual adventure has been replaced by after-school- special plot twists and puppy-love handholding.
You may have problems with the obvious, cliched story, but the dancing is incredible.
It doesn't make a lot of sense, but there are some lovely dance numbers, and it isn't tough to look at the young and beautiful leads.
Is Fidel really needed in a retread of Dirty Dancing?
As you might expect, the movie is as square as a sock hop.
Every bit as good as the original, but that's not saying much.
The script wallows in its melodramatic clichés and features plenty of unintentionally funny dialogue -- though nothing funnier than the 'based on true events' title card.
[I]t's an amiable diversion [for] those looking for a romantic movie that doesn't require too much from the audience...
Missing the spark of the original...the only way this movie is going to be the 'time of your life' is if something wonderful happens to you on the way home from the theatre.
You'll find the hokey material in Havana Nights strangely familiar, but it doesn't matter.
The politics of Havana Nights are as simplistic and naive as the story.
The plot of Nights will occupy only 10 or 12 brain cells.
Charmless, clumsy and culturally offensive all at the same time.
The salsa routines are fittingly sultry, but not nearly torrid enough to redeem the leaden dialogue and labored emoting that surround them.
The music could be better, the story could be better, the dancing could be better and the casting could be better.
Garai is so wooden that she elicits more snickers from audiences than anything else.
The movie made me smile. The stars have genuine charm, and the script is smarter about their relationship than one might expect.
Its depressing just how much worse you could do, especially when a Bad Boys sequel has more of a Cuban revolution than this film.
With its likable young couple, Caribbean locales and great Cuban music, Havana Nights knocks the original Dirty Dancing off the dance floor.
The course of history is plotted alongside a bland Hollywood romance.
Garai is lovely and sensitive, but Luna ... sparks their relationship with a radiant personality and a killer smile when they dance.
The film's chief problem is that Garai and Luna lack the sparks of Grey and Swayze.
A pointless enterprise that desperately tries without success to recreate whatever it was that made the 1987 original a sensation.
It's bearable, just don't expect to have the time of your life.
Feels very much like a rush job -- it's in so much of a hurry, in fact, that even the dancing suffers.
Somebody, please put this baby in a corner.
Relative newcomers Luna and Garai are fairly convincing in their dancing scenes, but it's hard to disguise the fact that they have little, if any, real romantic chemistry.
Sticks to the formula.
Both the dance numbers and the personal drama are largely listless.
Fritters away its dramatic punch with unrealized characters and a lackluster ending.
This reimagining of the recklessly melodramatic 1987 original is packed with flashy, taffeta silliness.
If you can't find a more scintillating brand of dirty to enjoy during your own nights (Helena or Hoboken), you're not trying very hard.
It's fluff that attempts to parse human suffering so that it doesn't appear to be fluff. . . meaning it's exploitive fluff.
Whenever conflict emerges in the belated Havana, you can be sure it'll be wrapped up before you can say 'Rumba.'
The movie, more wan than wicked, proves you can't go home again.
not a sequel nor a prequel (and it's certainly not equal) to the fondly remembered 1987 Patrick Swayze/Jennifer Grey summer romance
As beguiling as a dried-out palm tree.
Although the first movie was appealing but silly, the remake (and that's all it is, the plot is basically the same) is largely pointless.
The original movie had shallow, stereotypical characters, a corny, predictable story and lots of high-energy dancing. The same goes for the sequel, although the characters are even a little shallower and the story a little cornier.
This homage-prequel wears both its heart and its self-awareness on its leotards, with such eagerness to please that it ultimately stumbles over itself trying to duplicate the original's rough magic.
[Garai and Luna] deliver the real emotion of a first love while remaining good examples for the tweenie crowd
[Luna] deserves a better co-star than Garai ... and a script that's more than a recycled 1950s programmer about star-crossed lovers from the wrong sides of the tracks.
Romola Garai and Diego Luna are fresh, sweet and likable, and Garai is vastly more sympathetic than Jennifer Grey in the 1987 original.
Its lack of punch and its simmering sexuality make it ideal for the pre-teen girl squad set; it's lightweight fare even by musical standards.
Maybe I'm just a pushover. But I loved every corny, predictable minute of this sugary remake. It's called entertainment.
Nobody puts baby in the corner in the 1987 picture and nobody needs to put this baby on their to-see list.
...there is no denying the movie's primal pull.
There’s some sizzle between Romola and Diego, too bad they’re stuck in a mediocre flick.
At this rate, I only hope we're spared Dirty Dancing 3: Bosnia Bop.
Silly scripting and relentlessly conventional structure don't hurt a bit.
Fidel Castro's revolution didn't break the backbone of a naïve Cuban population-it merely put an end to interracial shagging.
Es mucho frío -- the only titter of excitement comes in a cameo from a strangely reptilian Patrick Swayze.
The 1987 original was no prize, but it dances circles around this cinematic misstep.
It's only possible to have the time of your life once, and, for this franchise, that was in 1987.
Guilty pleasure? I wish! The movie features two kids who can't dance, which the editors try their best to hide.
Quite a bit better than the original.





@highlight

Cheesy, unnecessary remake.