The resulting film is a boring hour-and-a-half of watching two immature adults sink down to the Lord of the Flies lowest for no reason and hurl bile and vitriol at each other.
The movie really started off on a good note, but then it just got repetitive.
Even the smart ending feels predictable once it's happened: "Move along," it seems to say, just like those New York cops. "There's nothing to see here."
From its opening frame to its final revelation, Interview hums with life.
Interview comes across more like an acting exercise than a workable story.
I can't get on the Sienna Miller bandwagon. I can damn with faint praise: she's perfectly competent as an actor -- but that's it.
The wonderful thing about Interview is that we have no idea where it is going to lead. It's honest, conflicted and surprising, as journalist and actress battle words and emotions in a potent drama that takes us to unexpected places
Interview is well-made but depends almost entirely on its acting. Neither of the two principals let it down, even when the screenplay isn't quite as sharp as it could have been.
Sienna Miller as an airhead celeb more famous for her sex life than her movies? Quite a stretch for the British actress.
It pretends to be about the games of deceit that go on between men and women, but it's really just a squib on the culture of celebrity, and the cynical conclusion that's meant to pull us up short is feeble and silly beyond patience.
The friskiness of this pas de deux is something, and the acting duet enough of a selling point.
A talky, tricksy but never particularly convincing or involving drama.
There can hardly be a bigger waste of time than this conceited and self-indulgent two-hander directed by Steve Buscemi, remade from a Theo Van Gogh film.
Sienna does a good job of portraying Katya as a blonde, self-obsessed actress who is good at turning on the tears. Remarkable that.
The constant see-sawing of emotion eventually becomes repetitive and wearisome.
There's some nicely written dialogue in this remake of a foreign movie, but it's all extremely unsatisfying thanks to a so-what? ending and the script's inability to make us warm to its two principal characters.
Snappy exchanges, smart acting and slick directing go to make up a wickedly entertaining work that's hugely enjoyable. A deft story about modern-day celebrity culture, it also proves what a talent Buscemi is as a director.
Interview is a decently acted two-hander fringe play that doesn't deserve to be on film.
Essentially it's a game of verbal ping-pong and, even if cynicism wins the day too easily in the end, the interplay is lively and intriguing.
Interview is a decent showcase for the talents of its stars, but may leave you in doubt over the talents of its originator. Hopefully the other Van Gogh remakes in production will sport more smartness and subtlety.
Ultimately, this two-hander feels limited in scale, but frisky and diverting while it's on.
As an exercise in preconception-shattering, it works reasonably well. But as the characters veer between petulance and intimacy and back again - often within the same verbal exchange - the situation never really rings true.
Stagey filming aside, this is a sharp and controlled study of celebrity obsession.
Pretty far from being a great movie, but it's not without its pleasures -- mostly due to the performers.
Interview isn't essential viewing, but it has a message for the media and its audience worth absorbing.
Media foes face off in intense indie adult drama.
Stagey but enjoyable drama with superb performances from its two leads.
Works better in concept than execution.
With her performance in Interview, Sienna Miller does more for today's tabloid-fixture starlets than they'll ever do for themselves.
Rainer Werner Fassbinder might have been able to make us care for these characters; Buscemi and Miller are only able to get us to concede their chops.
There is precious damn little about watching a reporter and an actress trying to outsmart each other that could possibly be described as "compelling."
Emotional honesty in the service of nonsense is still nonsense, no matter how many scabs it manages to pick at.
A one-act play in search of a black box theater and an audience unfamiliar with such intense cat-and-mouse character studies as 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?'
There is something perversely appealing about this film. Maybe it's the way Interview astutely comments on celebrities and our perceptions of them, as well as questioning the sincerity and truthfulness of the media.
There's just one hysterical scene after another, ideal for an acting class but off-putting over the course of even a relatively short film like this one.
Remaking a 2003 original by the slain Dutch director Theo van Gogh, Buscemi has produced a charmingly perplexing portrait that's anything but a knockoff.
Interview, a mood swing of a film with a trap-door resolution, is never much more than an elliptical exercise in symbiotic insincerity.
A battle of who couldn't care less in which two parties' disinterest collides into a spark-filled festival of mutual loathing, attempted manipulation and resentment.
Interview is smart, provocative and disturbing, a searing indictment of media, hypocrisy and the themes Theo Van Gogh explored in his original.
Buscemi and Miller should be roundly praised for the acting chops they display in this thriller.
A mixed bag of realism and arch, dramatic exaggeration.
After some impressive banter that hints at interesting character insights, the film loses steam at the halfway mark.
In revealing the reporter and star's many efforts at artifice and incapacity for truth, Interview tells a conventional story, after all.
This movie keeps falling out of rhythm just when it should be picking up pace. It's a fitful piece of wrong beginnings and false ends.
Interview feels more like a lab experiment/tribute than a committed, personal drama, leaving us with the sense that Buscemi wanted to feel more connected to this material than he actually did.
Buscemi's film conveys the spirit of its source material but doesn't make a satisfying transmogrification out of its homage.
Miller delivers her strongest yet performance in this offbeat black comedy, which [is] intriguing, but a little draggy.
Stick with it for Miller's gutsy tour de force and the kick of watching Buscemi, as actor and filmmaker, turn an experiment into a mesmerizing battle of wills.
What they're doing is so uninteresting, and their characters so unlikable, that it becomes an exercise in futility.
A thoughtful, challenging piece of work.
The subject matter is certainly American enough.
I'll just say that Buscemi, who also directed and co-wrote, knows a lot about making movies but little about journalism.
Interview has its moments but they can't prevent it from feeling a little long winded and unsatisfying. The premise makes it sound more interesting than the in-theater experience delivers.
An eminently watchable contest between two actors at the top of their games.
For starters, Buscemi is woefully miscast. The movie needed Anthony Quinn, not Peter Lorre.
Interview slyly keeps you watching, wondering who will emerge from this long night's journey.
Interview is less like a realistic character study than a theatrical game of cat-and-mouse, and a well-played one at that.
A few scenes crackle with... intensity. The rest of it wallows in glib acrimony and cynicism.
Mr. Buscemi and Ms. Miller prove that they are fully up to the task of carrying a whole movie on their shoulders without any help from the other characters.
Like a one-act off-Broadway play that's wandered onto the movie screen...a sporadically amusing talkathon, but a pretty shallow and forgettable one.
The dialogue cuts like a knife, and the two lead performances, by Steve Buscemi and Sienna Miller, have an electrifying emotional focus -- neither actor has ever been more mesmerizing.
A bitter, darkly funny little slice of arsenic, with some of the most stinging dialogue since Closer.
Steve Buscemi is a multi-talented craftsman consistently putting out good work.
A verbal game of one-upmanship that occasionally gets physical, but with an undertone of constantly smoldering sexuality.
As the action moves from the restaurant and ultimately to Katja's spacious loft apartment, Interview becomes a house guest who has worn out his welcome.
Too bad the touted twist at the end is telegraphed miles in advance.
The most impressive thing about Interview is how much shock it manages to muster over the walloping nonrevelation that, now more than ever, hype begets headlines. Next up: the rich are getting richer!
Despite the fact that both protagonists are equally appalling, the screenplay seems to have a soft spot for the woman. However, this doesn't take away from the fun of watching the two characters tear each other to pieces.
Sharp dialogue and good performances keep it interesting. The film suggests a level of talent in Sienna Miller that she rarely gets a chance to show.
Any questions about Miller's abilities as an actress should be set to rest by this performance.
Despite a few interesting twists and ambiguities, the main revelation -- that the reporter is an insufferable snob -- doesn't seem worth the 84 minutes devoted to spelling it out.
Kind of fascinating, especially in the ways that Buscemi and Miller make their performances into commentaries on the types of characters they play. When actors are really turned loose to play actors, they can achieve merciless accuracy.
Ultimately, pointless. One comes away from Interview exhausted.
Though I'm not familiar with Van Gogh's 2003 version, Buscemi's is implausible and even irritating, despite some nice atmospherics and a decent performance by the director.
The end result of this showcase for Buscemi's writing, acting and directing chops is so uneven and mixed in small details and overall tone that it's anybody's guess if it's one for the Oscars or the Razzies next year.
Van Gogh has now received the most profound posthumous tribute that the American film industry could possibly bestow with this tepid and only fitfully interesting remake of his own 2003 feature of the same name.
An entertaining two-person talkfest ... with nice ending twists are like frosting on a fluffy cake -- not really necessary, but tasty nonetheless.
The results may not seem to be taking place on planet Earth among verifiable humans, but, taken in the spirit of gladiatorial battle, the film is often fascinating.
Tension, humor and pathos are wrung out from smart scripting and surprisingly effective performances.
Has the kind of insight you won't find in Us Weekly.
There's no doubting that the two actors, whose exchanges carry the script to its deceitful ending, generate spectacular chemistry.
"Interview" is an actor's showcase movie that could, and should, have been made by a couple of talented student actors trying to break out of their off-off Broadway gigs.
I've sat through so many claustrophobic examples of the genre I forgot how exhilarating, how pure a great one could be. Interview is a great one -- electric as theater and cinema.
Steve Buscemi and Sienna Miller exude a raw sensuality in this steamy, character-driven drama which unfolds like a cross between Sleuth and Swept Away. Who'd ever expect to hear 'Steve Buscemi' and 'raw sensuality' in the same sentence?
Though the pic is as talky as anything by Erich Rohmer,the dialogue is riveting.
I frankly could not care about either of the people on screen. She comes off as a spoiled, manipulative and nasty woman and he is equally repellent.
Since this unconvincing, contrived imitation only runs less than 90 minutes, the last half, combined with Sienna Miller's stunning beauty, almost makes it worth seeing.
Interview is mannered, implausible, and stagy, but queasily compelling all the same.
Pierre is such a weasel, Katya is such a narcissist and the outcome seems so pre-determined, it's hard to care whose belt gets the notch. The adroit performances of Buscemi and Miller almost make it matter.
Director Steve Buscemi is not to be faulted for his filmmaking or acting skills, but as co-writer he could have done better than the false-sounding dialogue.
There's nothing more to it than meets the eye.
Buscemi creates an intriguing, if contrived, drama about the battle of the sexes.
Miller is so good -- dumb, smart, wounded, wounding, a lollipop of sweet poison that you'd buy every day until it killed you -- that you feel you not only understand her but all actresses.
Buscemi can play a hangdog cynic better than anyone, and Miller seizes her opportunity to express every emotion an actress can be asked to express.
Interview is literate, well-paced and played at perfect pitch by Sienna Miller and director Steve Buscemi. I didn't buy it for more than two minutes.
Vaporous and chilled to freezing, Interview lacks a single honest moment, but it does have plenty of diverting ones.
Buscemi's strength is his build up of the characters and he does well as both director and star.
At film's end, we happily say adieu to a pair who deserve each other more than they imagine.
It's mesmerizing on multiple levels, and by the time it was over the fun I was having was so palpable I'm sure it was showing all over my body.
Sprawling its intriguing capital in all directions, Interview falls short even in reaching that commonest of denominators: the cinematic puff piece.
hums with life
Premise of the Dutch film's remake seems less believable here, but the acting is compelling and believable.
The back-and-forth between the performers is tensely choreographed, and Buscemi does a good job opening up the action, which mostly takes place in a Manhattan loft.
Buscemi's Interview moves forward in static bursts that are contained by the avid, yet unobtrusive direction and the intensity of the two principals.
Interview doesn't say anything new regarding our obsession with celebrity or, to paraphrase Janet Malcolm, the moral indefensibility of journalism. But the way [Buscemi and Miller] psychologically thrust and parry more than carries the film.
This veneer of pseudo-adult psychological realism doesn't stop the film from being trashy, awkward and implausible, something like a stage play that might have seemed challenging in 1976.
Any doubts as to whether Sienna Miller is a gifted actress should be laid to rest by Interview.
You won't be able to take your eyes off the screen as this terrific psychological game of cat and mouse unfolds. The incredibly sexy Sienna Miller burns up the screen with raw, sensual star power. She's hot
The least concrete and most artificial of Buscemi's films. But that's as much because of the situation as Buscemi and David Schechter's slippery script.
Charms in large part due to the performances of the two stars.
Driven by a really smart script and strong performances by one of the most unlikely film pairings in many years.
This toxic hate at first sight sly entrapment is a deliciously wicked concoction of mutual suspicion, contempt and above all fame game obsessive co-dependency that exists between the worlds of entertainment and the corporate media.
Interview is chiefly a showcase for actors Steve Buscemi and Sienna Miller, as well as a case study in how to cinematically cope with stagy material.
Interview can be a harrowing experience, but it's a highly skilled, emotionally gripping one.
No surprise that Buscemi can carry off this kind of performance, but Miller holds up her end, and is a magnificent tease.
Buscemi's adaptation of slain director Theo van Gogh's 2003 film aims to be a sexually and emotionally charged drama about power games, but the execution leaves much to be desired.
It is a smart film in its humor, its subject, and its execution. Van Gogh could not have done better himself, and that is perhaps the best possible homage to this fallen artist.
While it is never dull, and occasionally sparks, material fails to ignite.
To their credit, Miller and Buscemi engage the audience's interest in what is essentially an extended conversation.
Steve Buscemi's adaptation preserves the original's biting basic scenario while adding a few Americanizing tweaks to this tale.





@highlight

Captivating performances from Steve Buscemi and Sienna Miller make a seemingly simple premise gripping and entertaining.