There are some scares, some cool devil moments, and Hopkins delivers a wry performance which suggests that he may realize his job is all theatrics and therapy rather than Holy Mission stuff.
The Rite is theological and supernatural horror because it is faith seeking understanding in terrifying and inexplicable circumstances. It is deeply Catholic in its sensibilities, though I think all believers will find it interesting.
It's one of those films that pretends to take ideas about faith seriously, until it's time for the CGI money shots to kick in.
Though thoroughly predictable, this film is not to be taken too seriously.
Poor character development, a thin plot and predictability make this one a forgettable film.
A geniunely creepy film that takes faith and its subject matter seriously.
This is a movie about priests fighting the evil Baal demon. That's not a spiritual journey "suggested by true events." That's a Tenacious D song.
Although Hopkins shines when his evil-infused priest exhibits low-level nastiness, his climactic exorcism scenes don't ring true and aren't very frightening.
[Hopkins] stumbles through his entire acting range - from lazy, stilted line delivery to balls-out mentalist improvisation.
Dull and overlong at times, but also scary when it needs to be.
Hopkins' character approaches his job like a weary pest-control specialist worn down by years and years of driving off a persistent cockroach that just keeps crawling back.
Playing like a chilling short story, an intriguing central relationship between the leads makes up for what it lacks in pace or impact.
Packed with a few good old fashioned jolts, "The Rite" is an atmospheric film that is kept on track by the performance of Anthony Hopkins.
It takes half-an-hour to bring Hopkins into the fold, and it's only then that the film begins to get anywhere near interesting.
doesn't completely suck
A lousy genre picture...
Parades about with a self-seriousness at odds with a second-half dominated by veiny-faced, limb-contorting special effects and screaming, screaming, screaming.
As the god-doubting theologian sent to Rome to learn exorcism as a way to conjure up his missing faith, a less charismatic figure couldn't be found.
Turning what should be a meditation on faith into a demon-possession flick probably seemed like a safe box office bet, but it also robbed The Rite of the opportunity to rise above what we usually get in movies about exorcisms.
Predictable and exaggerated, with some minor saving graces
Since this movie was so exhausting, I took an extra amount of joy in the brief jolts of electricity I saw -- namely the random violence and weird jokes.
You'll find no swiveling heads or green vomit here, although there are a few scenes that stretch credibility by going in that direction.
Despite Hopkins' balmy performance, this scare picture is too serious by half. In place of supernatural hocus-pocus we get artsy-fartsy set design, hoof prints in the snow.
Hopkins' light touch brightens up this exorcism film, one more concerned with creepy atmosphere than straight-out nastiness.
The contents of my iPod are more demonic than anything you'll see here.
Could have been put together in a much snappier way, with a hugely convoluted opening certainly not helping The Rite's uneven pace.
Anthony Hopkins playing someone evil? SHOCKING. He is rather good at this schtick, but the script is flabby and cliche ridden. The young lead looks distractingly like an emo Ken doll too.
Exorcist fans will be bored, Hopkins devotees will be confused, and Colin O'Donoghue obsessives exist only in the mind of Colin O'Donoghue.
Hopkins's hammy display serves The Rite well, if only to warn one and all this enjoyably silly movie is not to be taken all that seriously.
The Rite is about as scary as watching two kittens fight over possession of a scrunched up piece of paper.
An exorcism movie in which all the scary bits have been exorcised.
The filmmakers have gone with a stock-standard mould that offers nothing new. If there was a surprise... it was just how boring these characters were.
This dreary affair is 'inspired by actual events', but it's a very low-wattage entry into the genre of the exorcist movie.
The Rite is devoted alright -- to exorcising all thought with an arsenal of would-be scare tactics.
It may not convince you of the existence of the devil but, with its true-story twist on a popular cinematic theme, it adequately entertains.
It's the cinematic equivalent of a modest, drab meal; you can eat it, but you probably won't enjoy it. Unless you're a priest and you're used to eating that sort of thing.
Heavy in body yet light in soul, earnest in approach yet dreary in its delivery, it is a film which cannot decide its path, and in turn finds itself walking down the road to obscurity, just like many of its kind before it.
In The Exorcist - made 38 years ago mind you - we had a possessed little girl saying horrible, unrepeatable things. Here, one of the worst expletives shared by the demon is the phrase "kissy lips". Alright then.
Hannibal Lector takes on Satan in this well intentioned yet sluggish demonic possession thriller.
There was a moment here when the film could have taken flight into a fiery showdown between the young priest-turned-atheist and his elders in the Church. If only
This exorcism thriller has enough elements to last the distance and offers an unsettling experience
No solo no ofrece nada nuevo sobre el tema del exorcismo, sino que además posee un involuntario tono paródico (gentileza sobre todo de Anthony Hopkins) que hace imposible tomársela en serio.
It's a fatuous film with none of the weight and dark energy of The Exorcist.
Gives way to run-of-the-mill possession theatrics.
Hopkins at least has fun hamming things up, but the film around him simply goes through the motions.
Like many other bang-average exorcism movies, it follows a doubting man of God who rediscovers his faith, sharpish, when faced with a swivel-eyed grunter cracking their limbs and bellowing about Satan.
Ungodly.
The Devil may have all the best tunes, but this exorcism thriller won't count as one of his greatest gigs.
The Vatican will love it. Audiences won't.
Hopkins' wild ham acting helps raise the deadening atmosphere and prick the mood of pomposity. What he can't do, sadly, is save his co-star.
The Rite is a decently made exorcism thriller with an entertainingly hammy performance from Hopkins, but there are several unintentionally laughable moments and it's ultimately not that different from every other exorcism thriller you've ever seen.
An effective mix of surprising fact and hard-edged fiction.
The acting is wooden from almost everyone, a Calvary of stick-figure performances, arms outstretched at moments of martyred or messianic climax.
This is a dreary metaphysical drama dressed in the vestments of a religious horror movie.
The script, especially to start with, is fizzing with good lines.
Hafstrom plays things pretty straight, avoiding the barking implausibility of The Da Vinci Code and questioning the flakey use of unprovable exorcism against cold, hard rationality.
The Rite covers similar thematic ground to that trodden recently by the more effective and fun The Last Exorcism.
Hopkins does his thing, and Hallestrom leaves him alone to do it well.
Slow and laboured to start with, this sober spooker gets better once it realises its true calling and lets its star off the leash.
Even though it's "inspired by true events", this supernatural thriller feels as generic as its title. The casting adds a zing of interest, and the film is efficiently well-made, but we've seen it all before.
Anthony Hopkins is the draw as 'Father Hannibal' in 'The Rite,' an average movie about exorcism.
More interested in theology than gut-churning effects, The Rite is a creepy exorcism thriller elevated a bit above the norm for that reliable genre by a classy look and the gravitas of star Anthony Hopkins.
Seeing Hopkins do his deadpan routine is The Rite's primary attraction.
A so-called horror movie dull enough to have been produced for the Catholic cable channel.
The direction by Håfström delivers sinister atmosphere but few shocks. Håfström forgets that "God is in the details.
Falls about 500 miles short of The Exorcist, right in the crack between a sincere, bland religious drama and a monster fest. No one comes away satisfied.
The effort is in there to make a movie that's a little bit more than so much boilerplate, even if this effort ends in total failure.
The Rite effectively examines faith under fire.
The Rite is effective in creating a creepy mood. But this all goes to hell as soon as the film tries to convince us possessions are real and so is the devil.
No, it's not good, and, no, I'm not recommending The Rite, but I can't bring myself to actually dislike a movie that includes Satan's mule.
The Rite trots out the tired old belief that catering to cynical viewers' assumptions is half the battle in convincing them that they're seeing something new, different, or possibly just worthwhile.
Our hero has a vision: It's a jackass with red eyes. No, not Charlie Sheen, a different one.
Light on gore, The Rite's a snore, consisting largely of ponderous conversations that seminary students might have over a big bowl of pea soup.
Demonic horror tale is disturbing, but no Exorcist.
The fact this Anthony Hopkins led movie is based on a true story makes the implications more intense and the possibilities scarier.
...it's O'Donoghue's aggressively bland performance that stands as The Rite's most misguided and misbegotten attribute...
"The Rite's" insistence on chewing over Michael's snoozer of a spiritual crisis keeps the story from taking hold and taking us anywhere at all.
Do we need another Exorcist rip off? No. No we don't.
Hopkins doesn't so much turn in a bad performance as allow himself to go all-out chewing the scenery.
Clumsy, ham-fisted, and often silly, but at least it asks the question: if in this world a girl can be possessed and tormented by a Biblical demon, what else must be true?
A misbegotten mess of haunted house cliches, Vatican mumbo jumbo, and Anthony Hopkins channeling Hannibal Lecter (for the umpteenth time) as well as Linda Blair! The worst film of 2011.
What do you call an Exorcist-inspired film free of projectile pea soup and set in Rome? Not too bad, actually.
"The Rite" aims for authenticity but is nothing more than a cartoon. The film is rife with poorly executed genre clichés and bad acting, alienating the viewer from the picture--and putting them into a coma.
A psychological thriller filled with pretentious, gruesome, cliche-riddled Satanic drivel.
This movie exists in theaters because Hopkins signed on. He does have 'The Rite,' but that doesn't mean we have to watch.
Oooh. Scary.
Concepts and theories are set loose, but without a dynamic script, they don't so much soar as hover dispiritedly
Stylish, initially provocative, [but] suffers from increasing implausibility, oversimplifications, diminishing suspense and a bland, unengaging performance by Colin O'Donoghue.
The Rite doesn't just want to make you jump, it's looking to send you home unsettled. I don't think it succeeds, but the attempt is admirable.
Just another cautionary tale for atheists and just another loud-jolt exercise for the Friday-night teen audience, content with the mere ritual of supernatural hokum and the illusion of dramatic depth.
As seriously as The Rite takes itself, it really doesn't contribute much to the supposed whys and wherefores of demonic possession.
The pity of it is, it might have done better had it stuck to its initial instincts.
For all its formulaic familiarity ... surprisingly effective ...
[Håfström] allows Hopkins to fly completely off the handle, lets him channel his inner Hannibal Lecter in a way that's idiotic and silly.
"Remedies the familiarity by challenging the very basis of the sub-genre: what happens if an exorcist doesn't believe in the devil?"
The film need only surpass sub-basement expectations to be considered a success; it's a nice surprise to find that it's actually a solid movie, Satan fatigue notwithstanding.
Anyone who has seen THE EXORCIST or any of its imitators in the last 38 years can skip this boring re-tread.
[VIDEO] It's doubtful that even Roman Polanski could have made "The Rite" a good horror film, but he would have at least made it into a competent one.
It's not necessarily boring, but when you come into a movie expecting crazy Anthony Hopkins and all you get is mildly eccentric Anthony Hopkins for 80 minutes you do feel a little robbed.
The devil is real, and he's an inveterate scenery-chewer.
The Rite goes wrong in every way.
What starts out as a promisingly deadpan supernatural drama quickly devolves into The Exorcism of Charlie Rose
The Rite is just another exorcism film that will be forgotten in a long line of films that have followed The Exorcist. Look out for Colin O'Donoghue though!
O'Donoghue is not nearly captivating enough to pull it off.
None of the greats could've made this poorly crafted, lethargic, unoriginal gush of foolishness work onscreen. 'The Rite' is all wrong.
It's hard to take a movie like this all that seriously. Maybe it's just me. Judging from the giggles I heard at the screening I attended, it's probably the movie, too.
[Hopkins is] truly spectacular in an over-the-top kind of way; it's too bad the rest of the movie doesn't live up to him.
Starts glumly before flipping into supernatural camp.
Handsomely shot in moody Italian and Hungarian locations, "The Rite" is a thoughtful, beautifully put-together film. It just isn't a very interesting one.
Despite an impressive cast (excluding the excruciatingly dull O'Donoghue, a newcomer from Ireland), "The Rite" is the sort of misfire that Hollywood has long buried in January.
A supernatural thriller with Anthony Hopkins as a seasoned exorcist who introduces a young priest to the mysteries of not knowing.
A run-of-the-mill chiller that spends an inordinate amount of time flirting with unconventional scare tactics before sacrificing all of its ingenuity to become the latest in a long line of "The Exorcist" clones.
The Rite is all windup, weak delivery.
The Rite, neither fresh nor innovative, plays like a two-hour Vatican recruiting video. But it is easily Hopkins' most creepy cinematic portrayal since Hannibal Lecter.
Reminds me less of recent exorcism films than of the sort of movie that Terence Fisher made for Hammer Films.
Proving that mixing religion, horror and cinema is something that usually does not pays off.
There may be redemption in store for some of his characters, but Hafstrom has some serious work ahead of him if he wants any kind of absolution after this wreck.
Father Lucas is too practical for his job; he eschews pomp and circumstance and has a sex appeal that makes you skeptical of his celibacy.
Is it the devil's work or a psychiatric disorder? That is the spurious debate that sputters along in this dull, pretentiously verbose movie that (need it be said?) enthusiastically takes the devil's side.
Sir Anthony here doesn't just chew the scenery; he grinds it into dust.
No matter how impoverished the script, or how clamorous the inanities unfolding all around him, Hopkins just can't stop being a terrific actor.
Despite a fine cast, The Rite bears the sins of a weak script, with an over-the-top climax that undercuts the bejesus-scaring.
There are some interesting ideas and themes in The Rite; unfortunately, an uneven tone and a disappointingly generic climax dilute them.
There's nothing wrong with The Rite that spinning heads and a little pea soup wouldn't cure.
Horror fans may be disappointed by this handsome exorcism drama, which aspires to the serious religious feeling of William Friedkin's The Exorcist but delivers little of its shock or gore.
Sure, there are clichés (why must possessed characters talk like Darth Vader in a bathtub?), but the film avoids the schlockier pitfalls of outright Exorcist wannabes.
This is an exorcism movie that those who actually saw The Exorcist in theaters can get into.
...it fails most crucially in pulling its strings together in a way that's not nearly as impressive as it's straining to be.
If The Rite isn't exactly good, it's also surprisingly not-terrible.
A film that somewhere on its journey from written page to finished product has been stripped of its initially cerebral leanings for a dopey, excessively conventional lighting and effects horror show. There isn't a legitimately scary moment to be found.
Dave Whitehead's sound design fills the production with ominous whooshings that sometimes overwhelm the dialogue, not that the dialogue doesn't deserve it.
If it's a nonsensical patchwork quilt, it's mostly a watchable one, with supporting performances from Ciarán Hinds and Rutger Hauer (which is a lot of long, gloomy faces for one movie).
A horror film that goes nowhere very, very slowly.
The Rite is nothing short of being a slice of stale white bread. It's a poor imitation of a classic ['The Exorcist'] that doesn't attempt a single risk and never strives to do anything original.
Perhaps one day, someone will adapt "The Rite" for two actors on stage, minus token effects, and really dig into the dynamics between its two leads. That would be something to see.
As Hopkins himself goes wild-eyed and FX-ed with popping veins, The Rite gives up on asking us to take it seriously.
... the film appears to have had its own exorcism, with critical ideas and images suggested which are never followed through on.
So many skilled scenery chewers in supporting roles, and they still can't make up for the void in the center that is O'Donoghue.
The Rite is actually an OK supernatural drama for a little over the first half, but the moment it becomes more of a special effects-driven film it completely buckles.
...Hopkins is by far the movie's greatest asset...
Apparently, Satan is a huge fan of Dr. Hannibal Lecter
"The Rite" has the body of an ambitious horror movie, but its soul, I'm afraid, is lost to the demon of schlock.
You know what isn't terrifying? Mules. Also not terrifying: mules with red eyes and baleful expressions.
That blend of the bizarre and the banal gives The Rite a badly needed edge, but it's not enough to make it a keeper.
The Rite is an exorcism flick "inspired by true events," which in this case means once upon a time there was a priest.
Bloated with exposition and exaggerated effects, by the time the climax comes you've lost all devotion. But...! Hopkins is excellent as Father Lucas.
The question this exorcism potboiler really raises isn't what's possessing the supposed victims, but what possessed a great actor like Anthony Hopkins to accept a role in such schlock.
For an hour "The Rite," as scripted by Michael Petroni, delivers the expected, but with panache... The supporting cast is unusually strong...
Those wanting to see a film devoid of clichés and implausibility should look elsewhere. Still, Hopkins is terrific, inhabiting the role like, well, a man possessed.
I found myself drawn in. It is sincere. It is not exploitative; a certain amount of screaming, frothing and thrashing comes with the territory.
Anthony Hopkins classes up The Rite, as you can imagine he would most every situation. But even his otherworldly powers can only make this overly familiar demonic possession thriller engaging for so long.
The Rite gets it all wrong. With a lopsided story line, an untested lead actor (no it's not Anthony Hopkins) and an are-we-there-yet wait for the good stuff to start, this thriller barely thrills at all.
The Rite commits the supreme sin of making the devil dull.
Anthony Hopkins is cast to elevate the prestige and stature of this exorcism movie, but he (and the other talented cast members) is defeated by a verbose plot that's both dull and presposterous.
Hafstrom creates a nice, creepy vibe, especially for the first part of the movie, which has a menacing atmosphere.
With such an impressive opening, The Rite isn't a complete failure. However, I have to admit, toward the end of this movie, I was rooting for the Devil to win.
O'Donoghue is so stunningly uncharismatic that he kills whatever possibilities this picture from the director of the silly-scary-smart "1408″ had.
You wait, bored, with demons crawling up your ass, for the good stuff to start.
The Rite becomes more ludicrous as it goes along, with more than a few lines of dialogue from Michael Petroni's over-the-top screenplay eliciting unintended titters.
A largely low-key, intelligent effort.
Director Mikael Håfström's foot-dragging pace makes a pretense of intent character study, but Michael's spiritual trials are occluded by Michael Petroni's patchy screenplay.





@highlight

Anthony Hopkins is as excellent as ever, but he's no match for The Rite 's dawdling pace and lack of chills -- or Colin O'Donoghue's tentative performance in the leading role.