While entertaining enough, A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night is a deliberate exercise in aesthetics rather than a fully formed artistic statement.
A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night ... all by itself nearly makes up for every failed attempt of the past decade to breath new life in the vampire genre.
A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night deftly mixes genre tropes while creating its own singular, surreal universe. I've never seen another a film where a female vampire dressed in a chador rides a skateboard, that's for sure.
It's so smart, meticulous and fresh that I can only hope it marks the beginning of a provocative new franchise.
Just when you thought there was no gas left in the tank of revisionist vampire cinema, along comes A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night.
A Girl is not the first vampire movie in Farsi, but Amirpour made it into something unique. The Girl is a vampire everyone can relate to, and if given the chance, run away with.
A rich feast for eyes and ears, it is completely unlike any other vampire movie you have previously seen.
There's stylish clarity, security in the narrative,and an impecable atmosphere on screen. [Full review in Spanish]
A revolutionary and innovative look on themes as immortal as the night creature it appears in it. [Full review in Spanish]
Amirpour's debut feature is striking and excellent, though sometimes too self-congratulatory and too much in love with its cultural references. But one thing is for sure; Amirpour is on her way to becoming a great director.
... the film, shot in high-contrast black-and-white widescreen almost entirely at night, is like an Iranian film noir by way of a crime drama with supernatural edges.
Amirpour - shooting in black-and-white widescreen in southern California, for a little extra unreality - has built a marvellous world that offers room to wonder about the characters and their lives.
It impresses less for its originality than for its bold execution. This is a seductively stylised, boldly directed and alluringly performed film, a work of languorous cool and dreamy soulfulness.
An instant classic... and not just a vampire one.
A great effort to mix a series of cultural references, noir cinema, westerns, comic books and vampires. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie so slow that in the end all I wanted was for it to be over. [Full review in Spanish]
A delicious and extravagant film that manages to create its own cinematic universe. [Full review in Spanish]
Proof that vampires are an excellent cinematic resource if you know how to use them. [Full review in Spanish]
Shot in glorious black and white, the movie reveals a director with a great sense of style and talent to make something cool. [Full review in Spanish]
A refreshingly unpredictable film. Call it a "film noir horror romance," if you like.
Amirpour, an experienced hand at short films, is content to let the movie float along on its gorgeous monochrome look and punk attitude.
Shot entirely in Farsi, in a desert town in California, it is both realistic and fantastical, foreign and familiar.
Equal parts a fantastic tale, noir cinema and graphic novel, the story is primarily and allegory for romance. [Full review in Spanish]
I cannot but applaud a filmmaker who uses cinema with love and passion and sincerity, and never mind whether we can sit on the sidelines like nerds and identify her influences.
Like a mosaic of shimmering fragments that do not compose a bigger picture, Ana Lily Amirpour's debut feature brims with stylised qualities that have been prioritised over story and characters.
Your first guess is that Amirpour never met a Jim Jarmusch film she didn't like, but given that she's denied this in interviews, it's must be more a case of accidentally twinned stylebooks: the deadpan glaze never comes off.
The vampiress is made powerfully, fiercely exotic and erotic in a mesmerizing new way. Still, the film has its longueurs. But what odd, electric energy Amirpour can sometimes generate from an eclectic image-and-sound-mix of cultures and genres.
While the oblique narrative can test the patience, there are moments of artful beauty that make it worth some attention.
Amirpour never lets a message get in the way of a good tune, taking palpable delight in spinning the reels like a cinematic DJ, keeping the crowd on their toes, wrong-footing their dance moves.
Amirpour, a singer and DJ, uses the soundtrack throughout with such verve and rhythm that the film moves towards being a musical.
Amirpour's film is simply the sum of its influences. Her camera work is lithe and fluid; she heightens drama through supple camera movements and otherworldly silence.
This has a distinctly mid-90s New Wave feel to it, notably the movies of where-is-he-now Hal Hartley.
It's as beautiful and hypnotic as its enigmatic heroine.
Hugely stylish and wonderfully witty, this is a darkly comic treat.
The film is so stylishly shot, and performed with such swagger, that it transcends its own pretentiousness.
A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night is a vampire film (No! Wait! Come back!) in genre only.
This film is just occasionally a bit too cool for school - but mostly just cool enough, which is very cool.
Amirpour has found the sweet spot between romance, horror, social commentary and monochrome cool.
By turns funny, vaguely creepy and too cool for school, A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night is certainly unusual - but also seductive and strange enough to stick in the memory like a fever dream.
Equally cool and cruel, stuffed with subtext, this 'Iranian fairytale' weaves its spell to a flip, hip ending. Amirpour is one to watch.
... a genre film with a fresh approach and a distinctive cultural texture: a vampire movie from a female director who stirs American movie references into her stylized Iranian street drama.
More Robert Rodriguez than Quentin Tarantino, Amirpour's effort has select moments of striking beauty and originality, but as a whole, the endeavor is more obsessed with obsession than building a steady nightmare.
Amirpour's gifts lie in creating beautiful, pregnant images that capture the imagination.
It's a spooky, moody doozy of a debut, lensed by Director of Photography Lyle Vincent in a radiant monochrome that somehow makes even the darkness sparkle.
The Iranian skateboarding vampire feminist spaghetti western we have all been waiting for, creepy cool and gorgeously sinister, engorged with suspense and desire.
It's often at its best when it's off on a moody tangent. But it has something and is well worth seeing, especially if you're a horror fan or a fan of art cinema
Action and dialogue are kept to a minimum in this idiosyncratic tale of outcasts after dark, steeped in suspense and shot in black-and-white with an eye for detail.
Cool, supremely confident ...
A rare vampire movie that feels both familiar and fresh, A Girl Walks Home is a wild, sometimes messy, always beautiful horror story, just the thing for a long winter's night.
Righteous, shocking, terrifying, iconic, funny, twistedly romantic and refreshingly unpredictable.
An astonishing début that marks out Ana Lily Amirpour as an extraordinary directorial talent.
The freshest take on the vampire genre since "Let the Right One In," "Night" is an intoxicating mix of genres all deftly and lovingly mashed together.
Amirpour has instantly become one of the most exciting, globally relevant filmmakers working today. Her film is a testament both to her own creativity and the infinite elasticity of the vampire mythos.
A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night is a delectable, atmospheric creation, a lush dreamscape that we fall into, captivated and elevated.
... about loneliness, whether your life is on hold taking care of an ill parent or you're a centuries-old vampire...proof that the vampire film genre is anything but dead.
If you see just one Iranian romantic vampire Western this year, it should probably be "A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night."
It is in the realization of its cultural distinctiveness -- the fruit of its young director's vision -- that the movie memorably separates itself from the other contra-'Twilight' vampire films that have haunted arthouses and VOD platforms in recent years.
More than just an unusually effective horror shocker.
Combing horror, film noir and westerns, Ana Lily Amirpour's debut feature, A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night, is a refreshing take on vampire lore.
Like no movie you've ever seen.
It's a haunting story of love between two misfits who shouldn't be together.
There's not much story to speak of, but the semi-Iranian hipster feminist vampire romance A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night is gorgeous to behold and up to its jugular vein in quirky/spooky atmosphere.
For all the visual ambition, this doesn't add up to anything terribly substantial.
Sexy, scary and fearlessly subversive.
Amirpour marks herself as a filmmaker to watch with her atmospheric black-and-white visuals and a script that offers an homage to some genre influences while mostly managing to sidestep expectations.
A bracing post-punk blend of vampire iconography, the spaghetti western, Kaurismäki-like sorrowfulness, Jarmusch-worthy equipoise, shot in Bakersfield, California, which passes for the nocturnal reaches "Bad City," Iran.
The kind of promising first feature that almost can't help but implying that its creator can't help but do better next time, but even as a stand-alone, this is a pretty one-of-a-kind experience.
It's a smart, subversive tip of the hat to everything from American and Italian Westerns to horror movies, Jim Jarmusch, love stories, Iranian traditionalism and rock 'n' roll. Oh, and there's a vampire.
Cleverly titled, this Girl who Walks Home Alone At Night has nothing to fear ... but everyone else does.
Amirpour's got a brilliant eye, conjuring images that are alternately creepy, beautiful and witty, just like her story, which also features homages to cinema's past.
One of those art house films that movie lovers speak of with awe, as they do of Michelangelo Antonioni's movies in the 1960s or Jim Jarmusch's in the 1980s. It's a discovery, and a dare. You just HAVE to see this. You won't believe it.
The film, with references to New Wave revenge thrillers and stylized pop soundtracks, gradually takes its time but doesn't outlast its welcome.
Not your average crowd-funded American Persian feminist vampire movie. A lesser filmmaker simply could not have made this story work so elegantly. Much of this story is conveyed by images alone. This is a masterwork.
The expressionist shadows, floating chador, and wilted patriarchy make the whole movie feel forbidden. There's something in the nothing.
You won't see many movies as cool and beautiful as this.
The film is atmospheric, the story is hard to follow, and scenes proceed slowly punctuated with sparse dialog
"A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night" is a wildly inventive Iranian vampire movie that grabs you by the throat with its dark, moody style, pulsating soundtrack and offbeat love story.
Though alluring, enjoyable and well-crafted, when all is digested its strangeness seems as empty of substance as cotton candy.
Amirpour is more concerned with creating memorable tableaux, which her characters often drift around like kelp in deep water.
A Girl Walks Home will find audience among those who favored 2013's Only Lovers Left Alive, which was also thin on plot but rich in style.
Amirpour's film feels like an elaborately punkish code-scrambling gesture rather than a fully formed organic statement, but that doesn't matter-it has style, grace, and imagination, and as artistic gestures go, could hardly be more devil-may-care.
It may not be deep. But dear lord, is this movie gorgeous.
Just when you thought you'd seen every possible variation on the vampire tale, along comes an Iranian bloodsucker romance set to spaghetti-Western music.
"A Girl Walks" suggest a filmmaker who knows how to let her strengths compensate for her shortcomings. Think what might happen if the shortcomings get addressed.
As seductive and forebodding as its title -- a simple, declarative sentence that encompasses many mysteries -- Ana Lily Amirpour's debut feature reanimates and restores the sexiness of the vampire movie.
The film launches itself into a dreamspace of its own that has a unique power and pull.
A fresh vision. And as filmed by Lyle Vincent (in beautiful high-contrast black-and-white), the movie has a dreamlike pull.
A surreal thriller that is sometimes creepy, sometimes sweet, but consistently spellbinding.
A Girl Walks Home at Night takes its cues from film of yore, but in Amirpour's hands it's something brand new.
In almost every decision the director makes, there is a calculated risk, more heartening each time she takes it.
The biggest honest-to-God discovery of 2014.
Even as Ms. Amirpour draws heavily from various bodies of work with vampirelike hunger, she gives her influences new life by channeling them through other cultural forms, including her chador-cloaked vampire.
Girl Walks Home manages to be a wholly original work while containing nary a unique thought or idea.
Just when you think you've seen it all-I never really think so, but sometimes it can feel that way-along comes something completely new, or at least something so intriguingly bizarre as to seem completely new.
The easy joke is to call this film "the best Iranian vampire film I've ever seen," but that's reductive and unfair to this gorgeous, sad, haunting accomplishment by writer/director Ana Lily Amirpour.
It's a work that promises remarkable things from its talented creator as it boasts an incredible eye for composition and visual storytelling but I found it too narratively and thematically thin to resonate.
Writer/director Ana Lily Amirpour's feature debut is a gorgeously-photographed and highly unconventional vampire tale about the willful ignorance sometimes required to see the best in the people we suck on and sometimes even love.
The director combines elements of film noir and the restraint of Iranian New Wave cinema with the subdued depictions of a bored youth culture found in early Jim Jarmusch... the comparisons go on and on, but the result is wholly original.
This is a dream on your screen, absurd, languid (if not slow), and possessed by the calm of an inevitable beauty. This is what cinema was invented for.
For much of the movie, nothing happens, and it's not the rigorous, locked-in nothing of the long-take art film, but the slow-motion, music-montage nothing of the artsy American indie.
It's not every day you can use the phrase "Iranian vampire western," but that's the best way to describe this surreal black-and-white film.
There's a sense that Amirpour is too in thrall to her influences and not fully in control of her effects (too many pregnant pauses between characters that don't suggest unspoken depths of feeling so much as actors uncertainly stranded).
The plot's tired blood is jumped up considerably by style; all in all, it's an intoxicating blend of eerie horror and '80s pop, made by an artist to keep an eye on.
Ana Lily Amirpour's feature debut could become a totem for a hipster world mad for jukebox funkiness, vampires, and gender-politics righteousness.
Amirpour's wide-screen, high-contrast black-and-white images heighten the familiar mood of low-rent high style, but her greater gift is choreographic ...
To dismiss it as simply an act of hipster appropriation is to cop out, because appropriation is the film's thematic meat.
... a subtle commentary on sexual politics in Iran.
A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night may not be a great film, but where else are you going to see a dystopic Persian indie vampire romance?
Amirpour and her team effectively employ chiaroscuro and create an old-fashioned, almost unearthed aesthetic.
a strange, hipsterish love story with neo-Gothic underpinnings... Perhaps it loses its pace somewhat by the end, but there is no other Western/Middle-Eastern feminist horror hybrid quite like it.
A true gem that is not to be missed.
By the film's conclusion, after many arresting sequences and just as many that drag, emotion hasn't built as effectively as it could if the film had been edited more mercilessly.
Watching A Girl Walks Home At Night, you get the impression that you're witnessing something iconic and important unfold before you.
A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night, is not just a great movie, but should be considered an instant entry into the cannon of vampires on cinema.
Ana Lily Amirpour's auspicious debut feature is a sly, slinky vampire romance set in an imaginary Iranian underworld.
This moody and gorgeous film is finally more about atmosphere and emotions than narrative -- and none the worse for it.

@highlight

A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night blends conventional elements into something brilliantly original -- and serves as a striking calling card for writer-director Ana Lily Amirpour.