Alas, why couldn't one of these fab authors have helped the first-time writer and director Josh Boone pen some decent dialogue?
This disarming romantic comedy-drama is far more likeable than the ho-hum romcom title suggests.
Stuck In Love turns out to be a decent film, a few nice jokes and humourous elements, some cliched but sweet thoughts on romance, love and humanity, and very nice to look at, just a shame it's all so muddled and happy to settle for mediocrity.
Highlighted by standout performances by Greg Kinnear and Lily Collins, this film has it all, some humor, some tears, and a lot of truth.
A little heavy-handed at times, "Stuck in Love" is saved from the maudlin pile by its stellar cast.
[VIDEO ESSAY] A well blended cocktail of familial connections, aspirations, and separations, "Stuck in Love" is a complex romantic comedy that keeps on giving even when you think it has run its course.
[Boone's] semiautobiographical film is a confident, at times wonderfully nuanced, and often well-paced rewrite of his own parents' divorce.
Familiar tale of indie-suburban angst.
Perfectly adequate airplane reading.
The story, while unsurprising, is also quietly satisfying. Everyone comes to accept some hard truths about themselves.
Cliched literary trappings come together in "Stuck in Love," but the final product feels more like a footnote than a finished work.
Although "Stuck in Love" is an indie film, it hews slavishly to Hollywood formulas right down to its comfy Thanksgiving Day ending. It's all so easy, isn't it?
Like many films paying lip service to the world of writing and publishing, Stuck in Love is in a big hurry to get to the good parts
Just like most romantic comedies (though this is more of a "rom-dram"), Stuck In Love. believes nothing is worthier than refusing to give up after you've been rebuffed in no uncertain terms.
Three writers in one family explore the different shades of love.
Worthwhile for its fine performances, including the best work that Greg Kinnear and Jennifer Connelly have done in quite a while.
Set in a world of resplendent beach homes and scrubbed-clean towns, populated by genetically blessed people who wouldn't know a real concern if it smacked them in the face.
Writer-director Josh Boone populates Stuck in Love with smart characters breaking from emotional holding patterns of varying contours.
The movie's not especially urgent or inventive, but it has small moments of grace ...
But all too soon, Boone's questionable taste level and constant, very self-conscious but none-too-deep emphasis on the what, how and why of Writers becomes oppressive and extremely precious.
Immensely likable but a little too tidy in its emotional payoff, the movie benefits from its charming, empathetic ensemble.
Nicely acted, but a bit all over the place
Starts sit-comish but as it becomes more complex it takes on a somewhat literary tone.
So contrived and tidy that it's not remotely believable.
The movie aims for an admirable balance, but fatally upsets that equilibrium in its hurried resolutions.
The film has its sharp moments but is invariably glib when it comes to literary matters and the relationship between books and life.
Given that it deals with a spectacularly dysfunctional family, writer-director Josh Boone's romantic comedy-drama Stuck in Love is surprisingly warm-hearted and cosy.
This is the heartfelt indie-schmindie piece that The Perks of Being a Wallflower desperately wanted to be but wasn't.
First-time director Josh Boone gets performances from his cast but fails to make the story about first loves and second chances work.
writer/director Josh Boone has made a quiet romantic fantasy, complete with downbeat indie soundtrack, which in its own way is as unrealistic as any blockbuster but a perfectly pleasant watch.
This is tedious fare. Best avoided.
Hugely watchable from the shock beginning through to the clever mix of end-of-lifecycle events and renewed opportunities ( ... ) a class above what passes for the average romcom today.
This is Kinnear's best role in a few years, and Connelly's, too: her attempts to win back Collins's stroppy prodigy have an emotional generosity her acting has lacked lately.
Boone does little to convince that these characters are genuinely sensitive, intellectually superior, or more importantly, that their talents play any real part in alleviating/causing their worldly stresses.
Enjoyable and engaging relationship comedy drama enlivened by likeable performances, a strong script and some appealing location work, though it's also a little too pretentious for its own good in places.
It all plays out a bit like a feature-length episode of Dawson's Creek - pretty teenagers wandering around romantic locations spouting over-written dialogue.
The sharp edges of the story are sentimentally sanded down; there's a fair bit of slush, and it's a pretty quaint view of what writers and a writer's life are actually like.
Unfashionably un-cynical, it's a labour of familial love from first-time writer-director Josh Boone whose simple style well serves a story of sweetness and wit.
A sweet little study of the right royal mess people can make of relationships when they let their own neuroses take over, and a warm tribute to overcoming them.
As dysfunctional as its family of scribblers despite tiny bites of charm from the cast
A sweet tale of love, loss and life with solid performances from a first-rate cast.
A tough, well-etched portrait of the damage a broken marriage can wreak.
The outcomes may be a tad predictable, but the observations are rich and textured. The film begins & ends with Thanksgiving; what happens in between is a moving highway where love, commitment and acceptance are travelling at high speed

@highlight

It struggles to enliven its uneven script, but Stuck in Love boasts enough winning performances from its solid veteran cast to offer an appealing diversion for rom-com enthusiasts.