Director Kevin Smith's first non-View Askewniverse effort...
I enjoyed the movie quite a bit... Unfortunately, Smith cannot resist his old stand-bys.
Formulaic script and uneven tone. Disappointing.
A cloying attempt at mainstream fodder...
Jersey Girl obeys the classic conventions of romantic comedy but there are ingredients in this mix that raise it a notch above average.
The script stoops to cheap gags that undercut Affleck's efforts to sustain a believable character.
Jersey Girl marks a low point for the tubby New Jersey auteur.
Mature and heartfelt, though not overly saccharine.
It takes more than a couple of dirty one-liners to retain your edge in light, predictable fare.
Affleck is at ease in this down-to-earth drama in a way that he never seems to be in his action movies, and Castro seems like a genuine child instead of like a child actor.
Smith reinvents the romantic-comedy by making a film about a man in love with his kid.
In several ways Jersey Girl is more appealing than Clerks or Mallrats.... Nonetheless, it lacks the smart observational-humor edge and often thoughtful boldness -- and, most frustratingly, the promise -- of Chasing Amy or Dogma.
A romantic comedy seriously marred by a clunky plot and a couple of characters that are hard to sympathize with.
Jersey Girl emerges as Kevin Smith's most polished effort to date, but not his funniest.
People who find Smith's work too brazen or fringe will really fall for this picture, likewise those easily pleased by this genre will enjoy. Hardcore fans may be very upset by Smith doing something so ordinary and even mundane.
In a strange way, it's both the most mainstream and the most personal movie Smith has made to date.
Jersey Girl is like that new Liz Phair album ... it sometimes sounds unmistakably like Kevin Smith but you never quite believe he could be so platitudinous and predictable.
Even as the critic in me raged against the clichés, I found a big old lump in my throat and blinked back a few tears.
Kevin Smith inserts enough of his special charm to make "Jersey Girl" a winner.
This is not the hard, cutting-edge Kevin. This is the soft and runny Kevin, trying (a little too hard) to work within the system. It's lame, man.
'Quizá sea reciclado de otras tantas cintas por el estilo, pero el toque de Smith aparece para hacer de este ejercicio un recomendable filme sobre el acto de maduración.'
It's every bit as enjoyable as [Smith's] previous attempts, but much more mature. Kevin Smith has grown up, and he's grown-up well.
[on Raquel Castro] If her career is half as successful as those of similarly talented kids Christina Ricci and Kirsten Dunst, she'll be quite the sensation.
Kevin Smith's safest movie to date, but italso his most adult, an attempt to move beyond the comic book fantasy world in which he has lived for so long and try something new.
It's a nicely acted, competently made 'dramatic comedy' that might disappoint rabid Smith fans but is still a cut above the average Hollywood sugar-fest. Worth seeing.
The 'grown-up' Kevin Smith exhibits greater ambition, but he's not quite so much fun.
The fact that Ben Affleck is required to emote should have been a warning sign to all involved with this project
Surprisingly unannoying...
Sometimes charming but frustratingly hackneyed exploration of the relationship between father and daughter.
A delightful dramedy that is a huge departure from the Jay and Silent Bob antics of his earlier work.
It's Smith's embracing of romantic comedy conventions that's a letdown.
A more unbearable film than Gigli.
Retains much of Smith's astute, irreverent dialog, but once the plot kicks in, it simply stops dead in its tracks.
It feels like one of cinema's most brutally funny voices is choking on his own syrup.
The gags involve such things as Ben Affleck struggling to change a diaper. If this hadn’t been done so throroughly in Three Men and a Baby, it might have been funny.
The problem is the subject matter: a cozy ode to fatherhood with a maudlin audacity that would make Dickens blush.
Like in all of Smith's films, the dialogue is wonderful and realistic, but also consistent with Smith's other films, there are times when the momentum doesn't hold up.
The film weaves an intriguing story about a single dad.
... a lightweight, but enjoyable valentine to family values and the Garden State
Jersey Girl might not be Kevin Smith's most original movie, but it's daring all the same.
While the mixed results aren't enough to clearly indicate whether there's a place in the world for the work of a maturing, more thoughtful Silent Bob, the film does have its strengths.
Jersey Girl, for all its quirks, is a feel-good movie that will leave you with a smile and a lot of warm fuzzies.
Smith is blessed with the charming Raquel Castro ... one of the best child actors I have seen in several years
Smith's most family-oriented, heartfelt movie ever in his varied career. Families will love it
The good news is that Jennifer Lopez's character dies in the first 20 minutes. The bad news is that Ben Affleck lives.
Kevin Smith: Come back. Your fans miss you.
Smith has concocted a painfully predictable soap opera that would fit in very nicely on the Lifetime Network.
I totally bought Carlin as a dad and grandpa, but never believed Affleck as a father.
Affleck is out-acted by everyone else in the cast, including the infant who plays his daughter.
Kevin Smith's venture into familial territory is flat and unconvincing, despite some funny lines and interesting performances.
If the movie were any gooier, it would have been a Hallmark card.
Anyone who's ever had a little girl will have a difficult time not liking the film.
This is not just another movie about a frustrated adult dealing with a precocious kid; it's a genuine story about a man trying to be the best dad he can be.
As much as Jersey Girl forces Smith to evolve both as writer and director, it also pushes Affleck.
If there's a single authentic moment, I missed it, unless you count Ben Affleck's obnoxiousness early in the film - that part at least seems to come naturally.
As with all of (Kevin) Smith's movies, Jersey Girl is both good and bad
Its heart is in the right place. Unfortunately, that heart is about the only element here that doesn't strain credibility.
...barren and cloying...Ironically, Jersey Girl could use some of the disastrous Gigli-style Bennifer hype to boost this reductive romancer into moderate gear
Cue the folk-rock music and close in on the tear trickling down Affleck's cheek...utter predictability.
Light-weight and sporadically enjoyable romantic comedy is an edge-free film by Kevin Smith's angelic twin. ... From Smith we rightly expect better.
The grating sense of commercial calculation in Jersey Girl consistently undercuts Smith's fine writing.
Inspired by Smith's own awe and amazement at being a father, the movie is modest and entertaining, with a minimum of sentimental goo, and it demands little of us except a good-natured willingness to go with it.
Affleck moves from being the world's most famous scapegrace and goat into Hugh Grant territory, and he does it with surprising authority.
Everything about the movie, from its premise of a single father raising a kid all alone to its school-musical finale, has the bland taste of reheated leftovers.
[Kevin Smith] has mistaken maturity for old Hollywood cliches and conventions.
Smith isn't very adept at shaping or balancing the weepy scenes, but there's a sense that this material is coming, unfiltered, straight from his heart.
Ben Affleck is understandable. But how did Kevin Smith wind up behind something as trite and ordinary as this insipid tale?
The filmmaker drowns his trademark edgy stew of smutty humor, stiff acting and dime-store insight into human nature with a gravy of glutinous bathos, making for a singularly unpalatable dish.
This kind of weepy material works in the hands of melodrama masters like Douglas Sirk or Pedro Almodovar. But here, it's over-the-top and it's just horrible.
Smith is looking more and more like a developing major talent, so it could be years until we get a handle on this movie's legacy.
It's an enjoyable cruise down the Garden State Parkway, and Affleck and Castro are charming companions.
Watching Jersey Girl is akin to being smothered by a basket of warm puppies.
It's saved by an unusually charming child actor: Castro, who has a voice like a pan flute and a sweetly low-key screen presence.
Smith is trying to say something heartfelt, even as he's using formulas that are unworthy of him. Thus, Jersey Girl is a step, not a misstep.
Smith, reaching into his most tender feelings, comes up with hairballs of hokum.
With Jersey Girl, [Smith] stopped fooling around, finally got his act together and made a real film. For once, he deserves the moniker 'filmmaker.'
The point about parental responsibility is worth raising -- and Smith and company raise it with good humor and affection.
I'll take Manhattan.
Smith never makes us believe in this story the way he clearly does.
Sweet and conventional, with just enough wacky Kevin Smith moments to keep it going.
Affleck, Tyler and Castro ... have a warm chemistry that melts away much of the ill will engendered by the first half-hour.
Sorry, Kevin Smith, but ditching Jay and Silent Bob doesn't mean you're all grown up yet.
Affleck may be a nice man, but he has a seemingly congenital inability to do anything convincingly, which is only made worse by Smith's apparent immunity to cloying sentiment.
This modest little date-movie may feel like a refreshing relief.
It almost works as a nice little film, but it's not the kind of story we want from Kevin Smith.
The writer-director brings nothing new to the shopworn family-vs.-work dilemma.
Affleck is buried in the cliches of his role, or worse, having to react to the fatuousness of Tyler.
Emotionally, Jersey Girl is a big ball of mush -- and I love it for Smith's willingness to be sentimental about fatherhood.
It's the kind of movie Hugh Grant might make, except for the way Smith has with his dialogue, which is truer and more direct than we expect.
This is a very good collection of episodes about the weekly compromises that parents make for their kids and the little dreams that children have for themselves.
...it's a bit saccharine in places, but plenty of Smith's off-kilter sense of wit shines through, giving the rosy-cheeked script some much needed edge...
... (Kevin Smith) show(s) considerable restraint in being subtle with his subject matter... (Ben Affleck) really is leading-man material.
Jersey Girl is not Kevin Smith at his most innovative or scathingly funny. But it is his most emotionally satisfying work, a warm movie that isn't trying to be cool.
I'd be lying if I didn't admit I want the other Kevin Smith back.
I had trouble remembering details about Jersey Girl just an hour after it ended.
Smith tries to stretch further in Jersey Girl, but it's all reach and no grab.
The new Ben Affleck movie is less a movie than a chance for him to redeem himself for all those tabloid photos.
Director Kevin Smith tries to appeal to a more mature audience with the dramatic comedy Jersey Girl but in doing so, he loses his edge.
Both Smith and actor Ben Affleck get their groove back with this affecting tale of a struggling single father torn between stalled career aspirations and parental responsibility.
A stone grin practically all the way through, bridging Smith's trenchcoat-mafia insouciance and soccer-dad dramatics without compromising either.
Imagine Britney Spears croaking her way through La Traviata, and that's what it's like to endure Kevin Smith trying to deal with adult emotions in Jersey Girl.
Smith's first 'serious' film, is a sitcom, a mawkish, sentimental single-dad sitcom, with jokes about stinky baby poop and a cute, wiseass kid mugging for the camera.
While the story doesn't venture far from the beaten path, Jersey Girl stands as a singular creation thanks to Smith's sharp writing and his ability to coax great performances from the most unlikely places.
This is [Smith's] first mature work in which he weds his gift for quirky dialogue and humor with genuine feeling and tries to craft a story with broad appeal.
I can understand why Smith might want to bid farewell to Jay and Silent Bob, but he needs to find something better with which to advance the cause of maturity in cinema.
The material here isn't exactly new but it is emotionally honest, more than a little sweet and even a bit touching. And it is by far Smith's best film.
A small movie with a big star doing some of his most appealing work.
Here at last is the Kevin Smith that Chasing Amy promised.
Potty-mouthed, pop culture-mad indie icon Kevin Smith grows up, gets serious, knuckles down ... and makes a boring movie.
[Smith's] clerks would never have stocked it; his Amy would never have chased it; even Silent Bob might have found his voice to dump on Jersey Girl.
'Jersey Girl' is sweet and funny and there are a few moments when Smith's snarkier side makes a welcome appearance...
A predictable and sugary been-there-before story.
A family-positive movie that's far more interesting than most competition in the genre, but not nearly inventive enough to stand up to Smith's other work.
His ease with characters and clever dialogue helps sustain the film through an otherwise utterly familiar story and pat, predictable ending.
One can't begrudge Smith the attempt to make a warmhearted movie about ... fatherhood, and his is a noble, heartfelt effort. More alarming, though, is how corny it turned out.
Such a generic package that it feels like just the kind of Affleck film that Smith would mock on his comic-con tours
Jersey Girl takes Smith in a new direction. He stumbles a bit along this new path, but shows promise and potential ...
Jersey Girl isn't Smith's best movie, but it is his most heartfelt.
The title is by way of Bruce Springsteen ... but the film itself has as much bite as a pop song by Paul McCartney.
Any romantic comedy that can work in a murdering barber can't be all bad.
Whenever `Jersey Girl' threatens to turn into `One Ben and a Baby,' Smith saves it with a good gag or clever line.
Overall too bland to hold our interest.
...in the same way that Smith refers to Bennifer's disaster Gigli, as 'totally watchable', this one might fall under the same backhanded classification.
The Jay and Silent Bob fans may weep, but for pretty much everyone else, there's cause to rejoice.
The movie is just Baby Boom with a guy, tossed with some Jerry Maguire and bits of a zillion other movies Smith has probably trashed on his Web site.
It's nice to see a screen male get lessons in being sensitive, but Ollie's emotional makeover just doesn't wash.
Affleck's in his element.
An enjoyable slice-of-life drama that offers a couple of hours spent in the company of people whose lives are recognizable from your own.
Looks like a moviemaker stretching in the wrong direction.
It's so merchandisable that I look for a direct-to-video sequel, Jersey Kidz, to hit the shelves next year.
Despite all indications that he would make a fun drinking buddy, Ben Affleck, teen idol, Oscar-winning screenwriter, can't act his way out of a paper bag.
Jersey Girl does have two reasons to see it, and their names are Liv Tyler and George Carlin.
Kevin Smith has made a movie so false and blatantly icky that it's the film equivalent of making goo-goo noises and chucking a baby under the chin for 103 minutes.
Affleck is modest and engaging, which keeps the movie out of Gigli territory. But it's close.
Smith's story is like a nightmare amalgam of decades of single-dad sitcoms: mawkish, cloying, and essentially bogus.
A mess, but forced to carry the rest of this too-saccharine but sometimes amusing film based on the personal experiences of scruffy, offbeat director Kevin Smith, Mr. Affleck has his moments.
for every manipulation Smith puts us through he wins us back with offbeat heart
Although the story is fiction, the emotions are real.
Festooned with bits of stale child-rearing slapstick and mawkish sentimentality, Jersey Girl is the sort of movie well-meaning movie people make when they begin to feel guilty about the level of success they've attained.
I couldn't have liked this movie any less if Affleck had stepped off the screen and punched me in the face.
It's a goopy well, duh of a family drama.
Is it possible for a movie to jump the shark?
It's way too tame for Smith's hardcore fans -- they'll probably hate every minute of it -- and not solid enough to draw new admirers.
Big, gooey (but often likable) misfire.
Le passage de Kevin Smith au cinéma plus commercial et plus grand public s'avère donc un accouchement difficile.
A treacly mess that recalls Robin Williams in his 'I need a hug' phase.
The man who once envisioned a monster made entirely out of poop now only allows the substance to be used in a cutesy joke involving a baby's diaper.
It's great to see a filmmaker you admire ... try something so completely different.
While sweet and stupid, it still provides for good entertainment due to its heart and wit.
I admire Kevin Smith for...trying to stretch (but) if this is the best he can do, please, oh please, bring back those trash-mouthed stoners Jay and Silent Bob.
...a warm, wonderful and touching little film.
Smith tones down his trademark vulgarity to bring his message to the PG-13 crowd, and slices the cherished edge off his voice in the process.
Smith trades in oral sex jokes and edgy writing on relationships for the high-concept and overearnest melodrama of Jersey Girl.
A Kevin Smith movie in all its over-written, half-baked smugness, now with a thin shellac of honey-glaze.
Smith's idea of 'maturity' feels a lot like a 'very special episode' of a television sitcom. Jersey Girl is competent, gummy and bland.
Where are Jay and Silent Bob when we really need them?
Has characters explain transparent motivations, to convince the gullible that the feelings here are real.
Maybe I would have been touched by this film if I had believed in the characters and their situations, but too much feels forced and scripted, the clear product of a writer's keyboard.
You might think you're trapped in a 'Bachelor Father' marathon...though it's hardly 'Gigli' redux, it's so mercilessly sweet and cloying that it might make you gagli.
Lacks the edginess and desperation that personified Kevin Smith's earlier works.
Kevin Smith would have made fun of a movie like this ten years ago!
Corny, predictable and lousily directed, but Kevin Smith still has an original voice that can be faintly heard in there somewhere.
There's a huge streak of sincerity hidden beneath Jersey Girl's cuddly disposition. Plus it's funny.
...too cute by half.
So by-the-numbers, so depressingly average, that I'm tempted to believe Smith is PARODYING by-the-numbers, depressingly average films.
The movie rises above its cheesy contrivances to emerge as Smith's most mature (and most moving) work to date.
Smith stumbles setting up dramatic confrontations and strains credibility a time or two with implausible moments.
Affleck, who often seems confused on screen . . . uses that quirk as Ollie matches wits with a kid who is not only smarter, but also probably more mature than he is
Move over snowballs, stink-palms and Chinese finger-cuffs – it's time for the PG-13 Jersey Girl.
Affleck finally scores a hit with a co-star who is nine years old.
Kevin Smith's neuters his sense of humor for Jersey Girl, an old-fashioned ode to paternal love that shamelessly goes for its audience's tear ducts.



@highlight

A surprisingly conventional romantic comedy from Kevin Smith, Jersey Girl is warm but often overly sentimental.