Although the script is silly, there are kicks galore in Wanted.
All it needs is the car chase, the train crash and the final shootout and I'd be happy.
For non-discerning action fans looking to satisfy your adrenaline rush, you can add this film to your most wanted list.
In normal cinematic terms, it could easily be dismissed as gun porn, boyish nonsense or action overkill. Fact is, in the realms of badass cinema, Wanted is damn near untouchable.
The movie never convincingly sells us on its tone, and setting.
Wanted never takes itself too seriously and is fully aware of its frailties. This is fast and furious popcorn munching fodder, which doesn't waste time dabbling in meaningful theorising or contemplation.
Bekmambetov's movie evaporates pretty quickly after it's consumed.
Wanted is too bloody, too over the top, too silly, and too special effects driven. It's also excessively entertaining and fun.
A movie so shamelessly derivative of so many other movies that it ought to have a work-cited page at the start of the closing credits.
Few films have accepted the role of Matrix knockoff with such gusto as Wanted; indeed, at times it's almost impossible to distinguish the two.
kombinacijom strip-akcije i koliko-toliko realnog lika vi%u0161e nego zadovoljava kriterije neobavezne ljetne zabave
...an entirely ineffectual actioner that suffers from many of the same problems that one now associates with the genre.
[It] lacks zing, but McAvoy (Atonement) handles his action-hero stint admirably.
Then there's ADD megatard Timur Bekmabetov's deeply stupid Wanted, coming along to confirm that his deeply stupid Night Watch and Day Watch were no accident
A version of The Matrix that didn't bother to construct a thoughtful mythology for its universe, and a version of Shoot 'Em Up that plays it too straight.
Agreeably slick pop nihilism, getting a kick out of its own excesses.
This is an exciting flick, and it helped secure a place in the cinemas for R-rated action films.
Maximum violence and minimum plot are the formula.
Initially promises to challenge the heroism of blindly following your destiny, yet instead descends into an unsatisfactory blur of curving bullets and splattered bodies.
A fast-paced, in-your-face cartoon come to life.
Alas, the Russian filmmaker can only do so much with his American debut's stale premise and lazy plot.
Kudos to graphic novelists Mark Millar and J.G. Jones for coming up with this fun and electric idea in the first place and here's hoping that they can create an ongoing cool environment in which these groovy characters can excel.
I personally loved it.
How can a movie about assassins be so... inspiring?
Simply put, this film is borrowed/created from Fight Club and The Matrix. It's a poor man's, but it's not that far off from those great films.
Sem alcançar qualquer peso dramático, O Procurado é puro estilo e nenhuma substância, é verdade. Mas, às vezes, é o que basta.
What we've got here is the ultraviolent version of Harry Potter.
Wanted was found to be on the outlandish side, but it has a thrilling joy ride for all to enjoy.
It's fun for quite a while, getting by on audacity and raw energy -- until a midway plot twist goes off the deep end and becomes downright silly.
Bekmambetov made better films in Russia with far less money and more ideas.
Wanted is a virus of a movie, infecting the audience with its irresistible thrills as the nerdy hero morphs into a spectacular killing machine
Guilty pleasure or ripping escapism, it's a wild explosion of a film that rides high on its extravagant script and blows us away by its surreal action scenes.
Never has a mainstream movie made more of a fetish from splattered brains.
Brilliantly directed, superbly written and impressively acted action thriller that's bursting with terrific, pulse-pounding set-pieces and will leave you feeling like you've just downed ten Red Bulls in a row.
It's one thing to laugh along with a live-action cartoon, but once Wanted starts playing it straight, we start to groan.
Take a slice of The Matrix, stir in pinches of X-Men and Da Vinci Code and garnish with a sprinkling of Hellraiser - and Wanted sounds like a re-heated Sunday roast. Add the bloody viscera of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and you'll think it's a dodgy dish
The plot has its share of holes, but for those who like shutting off their brains but discovering they might be thinking deeply anyway, Wanted is a worthy diversion.
Don't drink an energy drink before seeing Wanted; your head might explode from over-stimulation
As long as you check your ethics at the door, there's nothing wrong with reveling in its skillful brand of sociopathic mayhem.
Too ridiculous to be entertaining and too long to keep everyone's attention. If fate were only so virtuous as this film would have us believe.
Wanted's torture-training, its depiction of murder as sport and its feeble justification for a thousand years of slaughter suggest a broken moral compass.
Wanted is like the last of big budget porn, throwing around endless style along with massive fake boobs and enough smoke to choke a Scott.
Whether you find the whole thing thrilling or exhausting will depend in large part on the health of your adrenal glands.
Wanted' is an action oriented film that gives the audience what they want and then some.
... when Freeman, Jolie, McAvoy and the rest get a chance, there's even some decent acting going on. It's almost as if the great Loom of Fate dropped a stitch and willed it.
Angelina kicks butt and the movie does too
Largely a reshuffling of tried and true (in some cases, trite and true) elements with a shiny new coat of paint.
Wanted's greatest asset is director Timur Bekmambetov's (in his English-language directorial debut) willingness to acknowledge the film's utter goofiness.
With curving, clinking and kissing bullets, Wanted indeed does Chicago proud. And Angelina Jolie sells it. And Morgan Freeman is ominous. And in his body of work, James McAvoy -- the star of this orgasmic summer blockbuster -- becomes a man.
Like The Matrix, it's not nearly as complex as it pretends to be, but it's visually stunning and relentlessly entertaining
Periodically you see a film that is so jacked up on adrenaline that the audience gets a palpable contact high. Wanted fits squarely into this category.
It's fun, but it's sillier than The Love Guru.
Ten years ago, Wanted would have been revolutionary ...
The movie strips the comic of most of its psychological darkness and is, quite simply, every nerdy fanboy's fantasy come true in fast-paced, ridiculously fun fashion.
Wanted shrieks along at such an unrelieved high pitch homicidal pace as the pathological protagonist passively morphs from dork to demon, however righteous, that the audience may soon start craving some of those pills that McAvoy's been popping.
has an infectious absurdity that you can't help but admire
A string of hyper-stylised action sequences cut to ribbons so that you could hardly follow what was happening at any particular moment.
It's for people who thought there wasn't enough noise, blood, or violence in Hitman, Shoot 'Em Up, or Planet Terror.
You'll come for the action; you'll enjoy it more because of James McAvoy.
Despite the foreknowledge provided by advertisements, Morgan Freeman's appearance is almost surprising because Wanted has the tone of a second-rate action thriller that wouldn't normally get the time of day from the master of dialogue delivery.
It's made for fans of films that really just want to see some great visuals, some amazing sequences and some terrific performances.
The most interesting thing about Wanted is that its protagonist is one of the most unlikable action heroes in memory.
It's definitely one of the better guilty pleasures of 2008...
If you're one of those summer movie fanatics, the kind of person who values non-stop action and cutting-edge special effects to the exclusion of character and story, then the new movie "Wanted" is certainly the film you want to see
For any red-blooded, alpha male who loves to masturbate while armed - this is your movie
Summer '08 has been full of decent, largely predictable rollercoaster rides, but here's one that's a little off-kilter, and kind of unique.
Isn't nearly as vile as the book and iis certainly watchable, but it's the first Comic Book film of the summer that fails to hit its target.
Wanted is a purely fantastic nihilist's amusement park of action and never tries to be anything else, yet manages to rise above its "comic book movie" trappings by way of an intelligent, canny script.
More Coherence Wanted
As slick and visually exciting as any movie I've seen since 'The Matrix.'
A cinematic Columbine filled with wanton carnage designed to validate the bloodlust of every ostracized loser stuck in a dead-end job and daydreaming of evening the score by going postal.
A 12-armed heavy-metal drummer of a movie, kicking and flailing through two hours of impossible. The car chase of the year.
... exudes danger and desire, from the forbidden beauty of Angelina Jolie to a plot with more twists than M. Night Shyamalan's entire career (and that's not an exaggeration).
The twist, though, is that the actor playing Wesley is James McAvoy... it's like casting Dustin Hoffman in The Graduate...His performance gives a fresh take to the action film.
So far, the quintessential summer movie, so absurd, slick and entertaining, it's an outright blast. Scarylina Jolie has never been quite so intimidating--or fun.
Should have the targeted fanboy crowd wetting their briefs over all the in-your-face violence.
The stylized violence and unapologetically ludicrous action sequences are the selling point, and Wanted delivers those by the blood-soaked truckload.
I've watched a movie that, while fiercely entertaining, made me fear for the emotional health of my gender. You have a problem with that?
The kind of thrill ride that they used to make more often during the summer season - an over-the-top action movie made strictly for adults. Keep your superheroes. Give me more of these.
Bekmambetov brings a kinetic energy to the picture that helps you forget--or at least ignore--its severely underdeveloped story.
If the graphic-novel-style hyperviolence of Sin City or 300 is your thing, go ahead and knock yourself out. Or let Angelina do it for you ... It feels so much nicer that way.
While "Wanted" is a comic book movie, the director, Kazakh filmmaker Timur Bekmambetov, has wisely dumped a lot of the schoolboy nihilism that made Mark Millar's six-issue miniseries a sometimes disagreeable read.
Has the action you want from a summer blockbuster, and the Angelina Jolie you want from any movie, but the story is stupid.
Not content to concentrate on mere mayhem, it aims for something more, and winds up achieving less, trying to pass off a heaping helping of the old ultra-violence as something visionary and profound.
Simply wants to dazzle you for 100 minutes, at least enough to get you excited for the DVD release and yep, the eventual sequel. Count me in for both please.
Angelina Jolie has evolved. As of Wanted, she is no longer merely mortal, but her own sublime creature.
McAvoy delivers a strikingly nuanced performance as Wesley and Bekmambatov puts a high gloss on the increasing preposterous goings on, but in the end it's an idiot fable, all sound and fury signifying nothing.
Directed at a pitch of gritty giddiness by the Kazakhstan-born Timur Bekmambetov, this hard-R splatter-fest about a team of sanctified assassins is also the summer's zazziest action movie.
None of this adds up to much, but Bekmambetov executes it with verve, capping it all with his most inventive kill.
Director Timur Bekmambetov's gimmicks and the A-list cast sell the nonsense.
Ultimately, watching Wanted feels like being privy to somebody else's unwholesome fantasy, one you'd rather not know about.
Wanted is fast-moving and bloody, enjoyable even within its unapologetically generic limits. But McAvoy is its real secret weapon.
Wanted engages and even wows throughout, thanks to its exceptional visuals and something far more rare in a summer blockbuster: a stellar lead performance.
Easily the most ferocious action film of the year and vindication for every Russian-vampire-movie nerd who told friends they had to see the director's earlier films.
It's a goofy, giddy bit of escapism.
That Timur Bekmambetov's amped-up action flick Wanted makes absolutely no sense is entirely irrelevant. Your brain, in fact, can take a two-hour hiatus. But your adrenal glands will be working overtime.
When the characters are on the run, Wanted can be a bloodthirsty crowdpleaser, a passable action flick to while away the summer hours. When they're explaining themselves, you almost wish they'd stuck to their original calling and made rugs, not war.
Wanted's hyperkinetic antics are sometimes weighed down by a surfeit of adolescent misanthropy. But the adrenaline-overdose strategy works for viewers as well as hit men.
Red-Bull-fueled adolescent male fantasy cribs from the past, while offering a few brain-splatting diversions of its own.
With a star-heavy cast, mind-blowing visuals and more blood than a vampire flick, this modern-day fantasy about an ages-old brotherhood of assassins is an over-the-top guilty pleasure.
This is the summer's most dangerous, delirious jolt to the system.
[Bekmambetov] hasn't just made a thriller with Wanted, he's redefined the genre.
It's a chance to watch a bullet explode from the forehead of a killer -- and an invitation to laugh at the spectacle. See what you do, then tell me who's sicker: Bekmambetov or us.
The effects and bloodshed gradually lose their power to provoke, and become thuddingly tedious - and with nothing else going for it beyond mere eye candy, Wanted leaves you wanting.
An unapologetically brutish action-thriller that moves just fast enough to outrun its gaping flaws.
Simultaneously groundbreaking and breathtaking, Wanted is more than just one of the best films of 2008 -- it's one of the best action movies ever made.
Set off the fireworks BIG TIME. This is the heart-stopping,,extreme summer action movie of your dreams.
The film's high proficiency is at the service of a concept that can most accurately be defined as sadomasochistic.
Wanted is quite happy to judge a man by the size of his gun. The irony is that the biggest one here belongs to Jolie, and her Amazon smile indicates she knows exactly how nervous that makes the boys.
It could have been worse--in the original graphic novel, the authors created a villain fashioned solely out of fecal products. Even sans Mr. Stool Head, this project stinks to high heaven.
The film pulls you by the scruff of the neck and makes you thankful for it. It releases every ounce of pent-up frustration and rage in your body.
All hail Timur Bekmambetov and his stunt team. You will love the last line of the film.
Criticizing Timur Bekmambetov for overkill is like dismissing Alfred Hitchcock for being fat.
For those looking for an instinctively engaging zero to anti-hero tale, filled with all sorts of imaginative and hip visual shenanigans, one could do far worse than this offering.
It's almost as if the filmmaker wants to lull audiences into thinking this is a conventional action movie, and then pull the rug out from under us...
All in all, Wanted does not work. To enjoy it, one must forgo the untidy sum and revel in the remarkable parts.
Wanted shows life in the killing lane with lots of zippy effects, action and exploding heads.
Wanted manages to deliver what action fans crave while still maintaining a veneer of artfulness.
Slams the pedal to the metal and never slows down.
This is a blockbuster busting out of the block; this is a Hollywood staple served up on a European platter; this is summertime fare with a wintry verve.
What Wanted lacks in terms of originality, it more than makes up for with style and excitement.
The graphic violence is a huge detraction from what is an interesting story.
Wanted is everything it promises with extra popcorn, employing state-of-the-art CG, sleek sports cars revving to blaring rock, gore galore, vivid chases and cool comeuppances.
"Wanted" is exactly what it is supposed to be: a slick, well-produced piece of popcorn fluff with a hot chick, hot cars and enough action to fill a half-dozen Marvel adaptations.
ou either go with the fantasy and enjoy the impossible acts of kinetic creativity or get stuck in the preposterousness of the premise and the flippant execution.
"Wanted" is a loud and explosive extravaganza of film editing, stunt work and cinematic hocus-pocus that adds up to close to two hours of escapist fun.
One of the cheerfully insane, visually extraordinary and compulsively entertaining action blockbusters to emerge from Hollywood in a long, long time.
It's a disgusting film that obviously should have been rated NC-17 for its obnoxious level of gross and excessive violence. ... But, even if the movie were properly rated, it would still be absolutely awful.
"...if they're not careful, those Marvel superheroes better watch out. Wanted could usurp their position as 2008's best popcorn escape.
Wanted has action scenes and special effects that are so amazing that I broke the "Silence is Golden" rule 4 or 5 times because I couldn't stop yelling "Wow!"
For most of its running time, 'Wanted' makes a virtue of outlandishness.
When we, the audience, are confronted directly at the end and asked "what the #$!% have you done lately?" at least you can readily answer, "well, I sure didn't make a film as crappy as Wanted."
Wanted tries oh so hard to be the next Matrix, but despite insane amounts of action, falls short.
Director Timur Bekmambetov can't decide on a tone, and the film feels by turns ridiculous and dead serious.
Timur Bekmambetov, who blew away the Russian box office with "Night Watch," makes his English language debut with a bang, succeeding spectacularly at what last year's "Shoot 'Em Up" tried and died with.
Nasty, twisted, pulpy, and brutally violent.
The action and CGI effects alone would make 'Wanted' worth seeing, but it's Angelina Jolie's stunning and focused work that dazzled me.
Wanted may be the most absolutely stone bonkers, crazy-good movie of the century. Or it may be a gargantuan piece of trash. Chances are it's a combination of the two. But man, does it rock.
Before Wanted reaches the end of its wild course, the violence that's been nothing but oppressive becomes genuinely if perversely impressive.
Wanted is an assaultive roller coaster of a movie that would be more fun if the violence weren't so nasty, and if the script made any sense.
Wanted succeeds in making a strong impression rather than a lasting one.
an exciting, edge-of-your-seat summer flick.
There's no denying that Bekmambetov can direct an exciting action scene.
Wanted is kind of unintelligible and idiotic. Also kind of nasty and brutish. And also undeniably kind of fun.
It carries a bitter aftertaste, but by those low standards, it's a considerable success.
Wes encapsulates the tone of this whole misfired production with a single line: "We get our orders from a loom." That pretty much hits the bull's-eye.
Alive with stylistic innovation and impressively clean storytelling. The experience is close to exhilarating.
An optical flame-thrower for the first hour, with the director pulling out all the stops to announce Wanted as a film cocked and loaded with exclamation points pointed in all directions.
Working a niche somewhere between the black comedy of Fight Club and the ultrafashionable mayhem of The Matrix, Wanted is an experience that's hard to defend as a whole but mesmerizing in a highway-accident rubbernecking kind of way.
there are more than enough original thrills to distance Wanted from its assorted predecessors
A one-word review of Wanted would be "Wow."
Sometimes you want to listen to a symphony, sometimes you want to listen to a beautifully crafted pop song. But sometimes you want to crank the speakers and bang your head, and that's why God (and Timur Bekmambetov) gave you Wanted.
Timur Bekmambetov makes his U.S. debut with this big, cruel, stupid actioner about an office dweeb (James McAvoy) who gets recruited into an ancient cult of assassins.
Bloodlust aside, the director has remarkable visual ideas and a fine sense of pacing. He blends slow, fast and normal speeds cleverly, making old tricks look new, and does amazing things with cars.
Fans of the Nightwatch series will recognize the curiously sour nature of the father-son storyline. Coupled with the blood and body count, it makes for a strangely bleak summer movie, but a welcome, offbeat 'B' for the strong of stomach.
Wanted demands a high level of credulity, but in exchange it offers some rewards: improbable car-chases, gritty hand-to-hand combat and the sight of Angelina Jolie poured into her pants and packing a pistol.
A genuine thrill ride that has the added bonus of being an action movie you don't have to turn your brain off to enjoy.
Wanted hurtles past our eyes and ears too fast to register as much more than a video game.
The thrilling stunts and hyperkinetic action scenes are the undisputed stars of this surprisingly entertaining film.
If Maxim magazine ever decides to branch out into filmmaking, Wanted is just the kind of ear-throttling nonsense it's bound to produce.
Jolie, thin as a wraith and as still as alabaster, reigns supreme as the queen of great screen objects, and Freeman has one of the film's funniest (if profane) lines.
Empty and condescending and superficial.
The script's twists and turns aren't nearly as clever as the writers pretend, and after a while, the movie's gleeful approach to nihilism proves wearying.
The audience is made uncomfortably complicit in a callous and hypocritical game in which any and all human life becomes secondary to a momentary movie thrill.
Don't get me wrong, I liked great big sloppy wet chunks of it (especially a completely whacked-out car chase where the director once again indulges in his fetish for red sports cars defying all kinds of gravity), it's the whole I have a problem with.
Without characters to care about, this kinetic, violent shoot-em-up is merely a showcase for Russian director Timur Bekmambetov. But the violence on screen is nothing compared to the kind of bludgeoning given to your suspension of disbelief.
If you went for Sin City or Shoot 'Em Up, you'll probably enjoy Wanted. I like my trash with a little less fetishism when it comes to instruments of slaughter.
I'm going to commit a film-critic sin and suggest Wanted is a better movie from director Timur Bekmambetov than the acclaimed films he made in his native Russia.
Permission for unhappy office drones to go on a killing spree.
This is cinema for people who slow down at car wrecks.
Wanted is absolutely relentless and deliciously nasty %u2013 a film made for action junkies tolerant of messy plots and underdeveloped supporting characters.
The R-rated action movie we've all been waiting for and Wesley Gibson is the hero we all want to be.
Distorts your view of reality, ripping up the screen with a distinctive style that bends time, scale and motion at its whim.
a mad cross between Busby Berkeley and the demolition derby with grace somehow trumping brute force
It's trash, but I love it anyway.
Sure, you've seen plenty of this type of amped-up nonsense before... That doesn't make Wanted any less enjoyable.
Yawn-worthy.
Bekmambetov wastes no opportunity to arouse his audience.
[S]imultaneously feel[s] exhilaratingly like one of the most cleverly original action scripts in years and... comfortably reminiscent of a slew of hero's-journey adventures...
It's just unfortunate that this interpretation of Wanted has such a ramshackle narrative.
an eye-goggling, grin-inducing, thought-provoking hybrid of the SF and superhero genres that, unusually, aims its guns directly at an adult audience, while deftly outshooting all the competition.
Speaking of bodies, Jolie's is here front and center, her svelte frame slinking across the screen with an alluring animalism magnified by the steamy twinkle in her eyes and sensual gestures as small as a wave of the hand or a shrug of the shoulder.
Delivers slam-bang action entertainment, and does it while putting a surprising twist on the archetypal heroic journey.
McAvoy crashes the A-list, Jolie finally gets to be as big a star on screen as she has been in print, and Bekmambetov proves the most exciting action-oriented emigré since John Woo.
If it's spellbinding special effects and high-wire acts you crave, Wanted should be at the top of your list for big budget thrill rides.
As the body count rises, so does the portentous tone, and the relentlessness of Bekmambetov's overamped style becomes oppressive.
Wanted is as stylish as it is foolish, but it has one thing going for it: exploding rats.
Wanted is bull****, but it's inventive bull**** - and that is what makes it different from about 95% of all the other, more generic action movies out there!
If you like your summer popcorn movies to be bloody, frenetic, energized, adrenaline-pumping and utterly bananas, Wanted is the movie you've been awaiting.
A virtual Walter Mitty fantasy that explodes across the screen.
What looks set to be a boyish, pop-eyed fantasy warps into a welter of bloodletting.
Wanted has the kind of irresistible summer-movie allure that makes studio executives drool in anticipation. Even its title must swim before their eyes and transform into 'Want-to-See'.
The action genre hasn't felt this fresh and alive since 1999 and the Wachowskis.
Possesses a 'wow' factor that will make it one of the summer's biggest hits...an unabashed testosterone-adrenaline cocktail spiced up with a dollop of torture-porn bloodlust.
Bekmambetov ups the ante on turning cult comic books into big-screen adventures with this hyper-kinetic, viscerally thrilling, supercharged transformation of a nerd into a superhero.
I "wanted" to love Wanted but I only liked it. It's Alice in Wonderland for grown-ups and you've never seen action like this before, but the script really could have used a polish.
This is a film that I didn't expect to like, and very slowly, it started to grow on me. By the action packed finale, I was cheering out loud!
Angelina's first line in the movie is "You apologize too much." The movie itself never does
Wanted's a corporate product, but, thankfully, it's an excellent one -- the two-fisted, double-barreled high-octane guilty pleasure summer action movie you've been waiting for.
This over-the-top, ultraviolent, hyperkinetic action thriller pretty much has it all.
Call it the fast and the furious Russian style: Bekmambetov has made a fast moving, relentlessly violent film that injects visceral frills and thrills into the action genre with a cool and sardonic sensibility that would please Tarantino and Rodriguez
Like it or not, Wanted pretty much slams you to the back of your chair from the outset and scarcely lets up for the duration.

@highlight

Wanted is stylish, energetic popcorn fare with witty performances from Angelina Jolie (playing an expert assassin), James McAvoy, and Morgan Freeman that help to distract from its absurdly over-the-top plot.