Offers a profound examination on faith, forgiveness, marriage and parenthood.
Gleason manages to instill those triumph-of-the-human-spirit feelings despite, or maybe because of, the unvarnished and uncomfortable look into the life of Gleason and those around him.
[The narrative is] condescending and dehumanizing. It's 2015, and we deserve better.
With any luck the film will raise awareness for a horrendous disease, and it's well worth a watch for its honest portrayal of a man fighting back against tremendous adversity.
The film-making might not be particularly polished, but the subject matter of this documentary is wrenching.
The power of Clay Tweel's tear-jerking documentary, based on Gleason's video diaries, comes from the honesty and humour with which Gleason presents the gradual loss of control over his bodily functions.
A truly humbling portrayal of human courage in the most testing of circumstances, Gleason delivers a seriously potent combination of heartbreak and inspiration.
Unflinching in its honesty it offers a moving testimonial to an inspirational figure.
This moving docu-portrait of former NFL player Steve Gleason's battle with motor neurone disease is as much heartrending home video as it is awareness-raiser.
A moving testament to the courage shown by Gleason and his formidable wife, Michel ...
Confronts ALS with the same courageous pragmatism, gritted teeth and humour as this deeply affecting documentary's leading man.
The film is moving and insightful because it is more concerned with being honest than with being uplifting.
[Gleason] is not simply another inspiring story of one man's valiant fight against disease. In the end, it is real and raw, a true tale carrying its own kind of dignity.
Frank, unashamed and bruising.
Gleason, needless to say, is not an easy sit.
A remarkable, heartrending portrait that showcases the triumph of the human spirit at its most raw.
A moving portrait of a brave man's struggle against ALS.
The videos are a way for Gleason to say everything he can to his baby boy before time runs out. That's enough to leave you a blubbering mess, but this doc, culled from home videos by director Clay Tweel, goes much further.
An intimate, deeply moving film.
The gift of "Gleason" to moviegoers is that it depicts people who know they don't have all the answers and who are trying to figure them out in front of our eyes.
Refreshing in its intimacy and the way it strips the halo off of noble suffering.
[Steve] and Michel's perseverance [is] inspiring ... their capability to think of others at their own time of greatest need that make them such compelling subjects.
This is a brutally honest look at ALS at every stage of the way, and thus becomes a fairly illuminating and heart-wrenching story.
One of the most moving and flat-out heartbreaking documentaries ever made...
It's a tough watch, but inspiring.
However many Kleenex you think you should bring, double it.
It will likely stick with you for hours afterward. Hopefully longer.
You don't need to know Steve Gleason's name to be enraptured by his extraordinary story.
At times you sense the film is getting too intimate. But even then, you're too emotionally invested in this man, this family, to dare look away.
You'll leave the theater a better person.
... a raw but inspirational tribute to fatherhood and perseverance that overflows with humanity.
[T]he film is inspiring in a way that few films are.
Gleason is very much an inspirational and difficult true sports tale. But there's something skeptically melodramatic about the doc at times; it's a strange negotiation of the nature of what's "genuine" in a documentary.
As Gleason's physical condition worsens, the documentary becomes a harrowing study in marital devotion, capturing him and his loyal wife, Michel Varisco, in a series of increasingly bleak moments together.
"Gleason" immerses the viewer in the ordeal of incurable illness. Not just that of the sufferer, but of family, friends, and loved ones as well, because, as these films make clear, such misfortunes are not just personal, but communal.
"Gleason" tells an incredible tale of a family struggling through the inconceivable, frequently even with humor, but the marriage at its heart faces troubling, less explored, consequences.
"Gleason" portrays great strength and great suffering in equal measure, lending vivid credence to tired platitudes about what it means to live life to the fullest.
An emotionally rich documentary about a former NFL star and his wife finding ways to live a rich life despite the debilitations caused by ALS.
A lot of sports-themed films put a heroic, inspirational spin on the proceedings. You cheer, shed a few tears, and move on. That's so not "Gleason."
Emotional docu's powerful story outweighs strong language.
You'll walk away from the film with optimism in mind, and that's very much by design. Gleason ends on higher notes, the better to send us out of the theater convinced we have seen something wholly uplifting.
As inspiring as it is devastating.
Tweel has crafted a film that goes beyond the facts of Gleason's football life. It promotes an awareness of ALS that trumps any well-intended ice-bucket challenge - and ranks as a profound achievement.
The documentary Gleason, a big Sundance hit, is difficult to watch -- and that's the point.
A tearjerker of a film but also a joyous one.
While the director's vision never strays too far from the positive message that he and the Gleasons doubtlessly wish to impart, the movie winds up being most effective at doing what cinema cannot avoid doing.
If this film portrait stirs deep emotions, they spring from a breathtakingly unsentimental embrace of life at its most challenging.
It's astonishing to watch a dying man plead for the sanctity of his spiritual life. All of his embarrassing bodily functions are on display, but nothing feels more intimate than having dominion over your own soul.
"Gleason" is so powerful in its cumulative effect that it should be accompanied by a consumer advisory-something along the lines of "This documentary may cause sudden alterations of mood and attitude."
The result is a candid testament to not only Gleason himself but the many people who love him.
There's something off-putting about such aggressive inspiration.
Watch it not just with your eyes but with your heart.
Ultimately, while "Gleason" can be tough to watch, it has a strong message of the value of relationships and how to spend a life doing meaningful work against great odds.
If Steve Gleason wasn't a famous name, would we still be watching?
It's easy to read this as a triumph-of-the-human-spirit jag or even a stranger-than-fiction tall tale. But it runs deeper than that.
There are moments of such raw, intimate anguish in this film that you can't help but turn away.
Tweel's approach is no-frills, with much of the footage having been shot by Gleason and his wife Michel. This is wise: The story itself is so wrenching that any attempt to gussy it up would run the risk of feeling overwrought, even manipulative.
A powerful and inspiring portrait of unbowed strength and courage in the face of great adversity. Must-see cinema for anyone in need of a psychic pick-me-up.
One comes to distrust Gleason's pathos, because it always appears to be selling something.
A moving and inspirational story of strength and perseverance in the face of tremendous adversity.
One of the most powerful, poignant documentaries of the past decade.
Gleason is an incredible documentary.
While not exactly subtle, the movie's sentimental qualities are genuine. Like the dramatic play that initially made him famous, Gleason manages to generate an intense form of excitement around winning against seemingly impossible odds.
Having followed [Gleason] from the start, we can't help but see the active mind inside that body, one full of love for his family and determination to stay with them as long as he can.
The Gleasons' story so beautifully told that it's hard to imagine anyone watching this movie and not smiling through tears.
The director of Finders Keepers proves again that he's brilliant at balancing the devastating and the hilarious.
Clay Tweel's emotionally wrenching documentary chronicles NFL star Steve Gleason's battle with ALS.

@highlight

Gleason stands out among sports-themed documentaries by offering a clear-eyed look at its subject's physical deterioration -- and an intimate portrait of the family affected by his ordeal.