'60s Fellini classic has sex, drinking, suicide.
Fellini has set out to move us with the depravity of contemporary life and has chosen what seems to me a poor method: cataloging sins. Very soon we find ourselves thinking: Is that all?
A lovely Italian palette that questions if we can settle down to a life of struggle without having first lived life at its best.
What is happiness within the film's world? Fellini offers no easy answers.
Everything has changed, and nothing has changed. How sour it still is.
Along with his later 8 1/2, La Dolce Vita is regarded as one of acclaimed Italian director Federico Fellini's best-loved and most influential films. The '60s-set tale of one man's struggle with the so-called "sweet life" stars Marcello Mastroi
The satire on display is so simultaneously subtle yet blatant that the movie itself is intoxicating.
In spite of its thematic ugliness, this is a stunning-looking trawl through the Italian capital, with Ekberg's impromptu paddle in the Trevi fountain still the films enduring image.
Mágico e inesquecível, representa não apenas um fascinante estudo de personagem, mas também um mergulho dilacerante na fragilidade humana. E Ekberg tornou-se, para sempre, uma das maiores personificações de sensualidade oferecidas pelo Cinema.
It's winsome because of the stylish cinematography, which fills the screen with mind-blowing bizarre visuals.
...experienced as a series of bizarre vignettes, a headlong rush into the heady air of Rome's Via Veneta , its swank nightclubs and seedy gigolos, the perfume of fame and the stink of money.
Films don't get more essential than this.
Perhaps many spectators will squirm at the three-hour length of the film or of some of its sequences (though director Federico Fellini cut some 30 minutes from his final print), yet others will never notice they've sat that long.
The film was hugely successful and widely praised in its time, though it's really nothing more than the old C.B. De Mille formula of titillation and moralizing.
Federico Fellini's "La Dolce Vita" operates on so many levels that it's tough to know where Fellini is coming from or where he's headed, regardless of how many times you've watched his film.
After what we've seen of decadence during the past three decades or so, La Dolce Vita now seems tame, but people wasting time in nightclubs, dancing in the fountains of Rome, and just generally hanging out seemed a bit of a shock in 1960.
There are perhaps a couple of party scenes too many, and the peripheral characters can be unconvincing, but the stylish cinematography and Fellini's bizarre, extravagant visuals are absolutely riveting.
Made at the peak of Fellini's career, La Dolce Vita provided the first look into Rome's decadent cafe society, boasting superlative performances from Marcello Mastroianni, Anouk Aimee, Anita Ekberg, and others.
My heart wants to tell you that it's a great film, but my head fights it. I can settle it by saying that it's important, and that its joys outnumber its missteps.
This remains a landmark movie that should be seen by every self-respecting movie buff.
Primo Fellini!
What's incredible about Federico Fellini's work is its sense of life. Never once does this movie feel constructed or contrived, but rather appears to be unraveling before us, unscripted and uninhibited.
[An] epic of anomie.
Everyone has a favorite scene.
Marcello's journey is a string of remarkable vignettes that delivers fashion and sociology in equal measure.
Rather than wallow in cynicism, Fellini's genius is characterised by a zest for life -- albeit a tragically insatiable one -- as he sprinkles dreamlike snapshots like glitter in the darkness.
The girl's gaze of hope directs towards the viewer in the film's staggering and ambiguous final shot.
Roman opera, a nocturnal vision demarcated by dawns, purring a siren's call of temptation and dissolution.
It comes from a period in which the filmmaker was perched between neorealism and all-out fantasia. As such, it represents the best of two worlds, even as Marcello can't find contentment in either one.
For all of its great moments, it's the tender sadness Fellini creates that makes "La Dolce Vita" resonate more than 40 years later.
How many movies make you feel like a sophisticate just for having seen them?
A timeless, bittersweet carnival of severed roots, disintegrating values, lost innocence and dumbing down. Unmissable!
It's a comic, cutting and prophetic poem to Rome, movie stars, gossip and the lifestyles we have hungered to know more about ever since the first 'celebrity.'
Federico Fellini's parody of the parasites who bask in the glory of cheap publicity not only exposes the emptiness of their lives, but also of those who report their antics as if they were of world-shattering import.
The circus that became the '60s was ushered in cinematically by La Dolce Vita, Federico Fellini's masterwork about the so-called 'sweet life' on Rome's teeming Via Veneto.
Fellini's world is a joy to behold
As much as La Strada, 8 1/2 or Amarcord, La Dolce Vita still marks a summit of Fellini and of post-war Italian moviemaking.
It's just perfect.
[Fellini's] poetic sensibilities are in full effect. There's also a tremendous soulfulness that roots the movie's depiction of sin in the soil of introspection.
It received universal acclaim upon its release in 1960, and in retrospect it's the work that best represents its director.
A profound film by a legendary director in the greatest period of his career.
Still a potent, expressionistic launch into post-war Euro-emptiness.
Truly unforgettable.
In sum, it is an awesome picture, licentious in content but moral and vastly sophisticated in its attitude and what it says.
Richly detailed, provocative and more than a little disconcerting, it represents a major filmmaker on the verge of his complete power.
As thought provoking as it is playful, as tragic as it is hilarious, La Dolce Vita is prime Fellini.
La Dolce Vita is the kind of movie you wanna grow old with.
Fellini's best film, in which the fragility of the characters is not overwhelmed by the director's decadent indulgences.
Rarely, if ever, has a picture reflected decadence, immorality and sophistication with such depth.
The movie is made with boundless energy. Fellini stood here at the dividing point between the neorealism of his earlier films ... and the carnival visuals of his extravagant later ones.
Rich in intelligent observation...it shares some wisdom without being preachy, always with Fellini's gift for entertaining and amusing us.
I consider it to be one of the greatest films of all time.







@highlight

An epic, breathtakingly stylish cinematic landmark, La Dolce Vita remains riveting in spite of -- or perhaps because of -- its sprawling length.