Up until this point, Eli Roth's films have been synonymous with gore and torture, which makes it all the more surprising that Knock Knock is now his best film and contains little to none
As provocative as it is polarizing and sickly perverse, the film stirs the pot with its portrait of marital malaise and Millennial entitlement.
...it's ultimately impossible not to wonder what drew Reeves to such misguided, puerile material.
Although Keanu Reeves has never been noted for his subtlety as a thespian, his performance as a captive husband in Knock Knock could easily be bettered by a stationary object like a chair.
The movie sits atop three characters that neither Reeves, de Armas nor Lizzo can give enough personality or strength, making for laughable, cartoonish moments. [Full Review in Spanish]
Intriguing spin on home-invasion thriller ... Slickly produced, energetically played, especially by Reeves as the good husband who, when home alone, falls prey to kinky temptations.
Unlike most of his previous films, Eli Roth subtly goes for the jugular with Knock Knock, building to a finale brimming with surreal tension and a wickedly dark sense of humor that left me both cringing and laughing.
Another sub-par effort from director Eli Roth, who finally breaks out of his xenophobia, but sadly for a pretty abysmal thriller.
Knock Knock, which is about two women wreaking havoc on a married man, aspires to be titillating. But more than anything, both persistently, persuasively angle to make you angry.
It's ultimately more interested in being lurid than provocative.
The morality here is biblical but also blackly comical; it demands punishment without mercy for the infractions of faithlessness and lust.
An erotic home-invasion thriller, which -- despite its inconsistencies and lack of depth -- is an enjoyable enough romp.
The characters aren't really characters -- they're archetypes -- and the movie plays as a soft core lark rather than more substantial entertainment.
Often feels like a tongue-in-cheek episode of Red Shoe Diaries.
Knock Knock is a midnight movie that never comes to fruition, wasting a stellar concept and cast on forced B-movie antics that are far too unfunny for Roth's talents.
The characters are driven by convenience, not behavior, and their actions seem like they've been manhandled into place to make the plot work.
more interested in drippy punchlines than a point
"Director Eli Roth's "Knock Knock," a remake of the 1977 exploitation picture "Death Game," sometimes plays more like a comedy than like the grungy thriller that inspired it, but that's often all to the good."
Even fans of Roth's past work will probably be disappointed by the relative lack of gore in this one, which suggests a mix of horror and thriller but quickly settles into more of the latter.
There's satiric potential here, but Eli Roth's sense of humor abandons him when his hero isn't about to get down with the get down.
Knock Knock is a pretty flimsy erotic thriller, but thanks to Reeves' oaken obliviousness it's also got a few moments of deliciously trashy fun.
Manages to be impossibly conservative while being impossibly sleazy, and that's the way we're supposed to like it, I suppose.
As good as Reeves is, the potential for "Knock Knock" is seldom met. Roth would rather play to his tiresome habits instead of challenging himself with a vigorous, malevolent thriller.
Alas, the intentions of pure comedy don't last for long, and the movie becomes a fairly routine series of torture scenes and bursts of violence.
As a piece of social satire, "Knock Knock" winds up being not just toothless but anticlimactic.
All foreplay and no, well, climax.
Roth, who is no Michael Haneke (or even Adrian Lyne), seems unconcerned with creating genuine tension or digging into an allegory of moral consequence.
"Knock Knock" ends on a not entirely satisfactory note, but delivers a pretty mean genre wallop getting there (with almost zero gore).
This is a movie of supreme confidence -- it starts strongly and only gets better in every scene -- a thriller that invites plenty of comparisons to the works by masters of the form: Hitchcock, Polanski, De Palma. It earns these comparisons.
While its message is a little simplistic, Knock Knock is shot through with a brilliant, gleefully anarchic dark humor that's equally fun and disturbing.
Roth's tale is fairly twisty, as the behavior of the women grows increasingly violent and more outrageous.
One of the most entertainingly ludicrous movies of the year.
Knock Knock is a nasty bit of business, and fans of Roth are not likely to be disappointed. But for everyone else, the joke's on them.
How does one begin to describe the banality of Knock Knock?
By the end, Knock Knock turns into a punch-line for a very bad joke.
The over-the-top destruction that follows seems all out of proportion to the misdeed, but then logic isn't the purpose of a film like this.
Maybe Knock Knock is just one long, sick joke, skillfully told by a filmmaker who's always spiked his horror with black humor, just never this effectively.
Watching two psychotic sex kittens slap Keanu Reeves around while he's stripped down to his Calvins does, I admit, offer a certain amount of guilty pleasure. Otherwise, there's nobody home in Knock Knock.
Turns empowerment into a weapon and women's solidarity into entrapment.
This one has "straight to VOD" written all over it.
"Knock Knock" is not without its campy pleasures - it's just so unpleasant while it's doling them out.
Essentially turns into a (psychological) torture porn version of the great Czech New Wave classic 'Daisies,' in which two young women play anarchists, gleefully laying waste to every facet of restrictive, bourgeois society.
If you're expecting anything like intelligence, subversion or social commentary [...] you'll walk away from Knock Knock disappointed.
A film that flirts and flirts with explanations for its action without ever delivering.
Offering little in the way of depth, Knock Knock never lands the scary-funny tone of Roth's earlier movies; instead, it drowns in cheap thrills.
The whole film is full of bad choices.
As close as we'll ever get to seeing what it would be like if Alfred Hitchcock directed a Penthouse Forum story.
Knock Knock's drop-dead-gorgeous home invaders predicate their cruel game on too shaky a foundation to truly unsettle.
Who's better at this kind of horror movie than Eli Roth?
More than a thriller this is a farse with very dark humor, good level of tension. [Full review in Spanish]
The problem is that it goes on and on and on to the point where it becomes repetitive. [Full review in Spanish]
This movie has miscast it's main actor and it's director. Reeves is too much of a good guy to believe he can do wrong and roth steps away from the best thing he know how to do: horror. [Full review in Spanish]
Roth's attempt to destroy any expectations we could have from him. [Full review in Spanish]
Eli Roth, Nicolas López and Guillermo Amoedo fail to capture the spirit of the original film in this remake. [Full review in Spanish]
A fun satire of the torture genre, but it never really feels like an Eli Roth movie. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is all over the place and it feels incomplete. [Full review in Spanish]
Knock Knock deserves to be knocked out.
There's an energy to Knock Knock's single location thrills that propels it through some of its missteps to make for an entertaining, if inconsistent, skin-crawler.
If Knock Knock's no more than a sick joke, it's been very shrewdly constructed.
Roth comes unstuck with this silly, unconvincing and repetitive home-invasion shocker.
Roth and Reeves lock us in for an increasingly terrifying thrillride.
While it's amusing to see the indignities that Reeves suffers, particularly in a mock game-show scenario, Knock, Knock offers little that's new in its dissection of male vanity / virility.
Takes a titillating setup and turns it into hot, wet garbage that doesn't even work as exploitation, much less as psychological horror or social commentary.
Hopefully Roth continues to make movies this playful.
A taboo thriller that will put Fifty Shades of Grey to shame.
Too campy to be scary. Reeves is badly miscast.
There may be an inkling of meaning inside Roth's latest hostile venture. But probably not.
Eli Roth's glossy and reasonably fun update of Peter Traynor's 1977 exploitation movie "Death Game."

@highlight

Knock Knock brings a lot of talent to bear on its satirical approach to torture horror, but not effectively enough to overcome its repetitive story or misguidedly campy tone.