Mostly strong, that is, with the major exception of Tom Guiry's portrayal of Joe Jr. Painfully broad, Guiry practically sinks the film with garishly slack-jawed and over-the-top manchildishness.
It's far from a natural, but somehow, some way, it makes its point.
Celestino's bid to wrap everything up in tidy fashion feels at odds with the grittiness of the film's first two-thirds, but in the end, the movie's glimpse into a seldom-seen slice of life sticks with you.
Palminteri helps the film earn very slight passing marks, if only mostly because it's interesting to see these old operators have to adapt their schemes for new times.
A very well-made and well-acted film, with a very touching story about fathers, sons, and the difficulties of raising special needs kids.
The parts of Yonkers Joe that have to do with gambling are fun; unfortunately, they make up only half the movie.
The typecast actor breaks out of his comfort zone.
As Janice, Christine Lahti is the pivot between father and son. The scenes between Janice and Joe Jr. are sweet, harrowing, movie-altering.
Yonkers Joe is incoherent, succeeding neither as an exciting gambling ride nor a touching family story.
Yonkers Joe is like a so-so trip to Vegas, one where you lose as much as you gain gambling. In other words, it's not the trip you're most likely to tell your friends about.
An extremely awkward cross between Ocean's Eleven and Rain Man.
A nicely photographed, mostly satisfying look at a gang of East Coast sharps and how they part marks from their money.
[Director] Celestino steers clear of the can't-miss pulp thriller that Yonkers Joe could've been, and goes for broke by giving it big dollop of schmaltz. His horse doesn't come in, but it runs a respectable race.
Heartfelt, well-acted but overly sincere drama of a smalltime hustler and the 20-year-old Down's syndrome son he's barely known.
For all its attention to detail, Yonkers Joe isn't half as tough as it pretends to be. The real story of these bottom-feeders and the sad young man they exploit is a lot uglier than the movie even begins to let on.
If you can watch Yonkers Joe without thinking it's a mild Rain Man rip-off, you'll enjoy a film that could have been plagued with plot issues, but rises above it
Lahti burns through a thinly written role with a surprising level of warmth and humanity, and Guiry is at times repellently convincing as a kid genetically incapable of either nuance or fakery.
There's great potential to be a classic Vegas indie drama ala Swingers or The Cooler though it's only 60% its way to getting there.
Yonkers Joe confirms that writer-director Robert Celestin knows his way around a local cash-stakes game of craps. It also proves, unfortunately, that his scripting skills need substantial honing.
While Celestino doesn't roll snake eyes exactly, Yonkers Joe could have prospered if the filmmaker had worried more about keeping the dice hot and had let viewers' hearts warm naturally.
A sweet and tidy neo-noir underworld thriller with a heart, thanks to excellent performances by the lead trio and a great setting in the seedy underworld of gambling con-artists.


@highlight

A solid cast adds subtlety to this otherwise schmaltzy and sometimes awkward gambling-flick-cum-family-drama.