Mildly amusing Jackie Chan adventure.
I was amazed at how little actually happens for a movie with so much action.
It's ironic that this film is less about traveling and more about beating the crap out of people all over the world.
The heart and soul of it, the story and the casting, are a complete mess.
Se eu fosse descendente de Verne processaria os produtores desta adaptação pavorosa por mancharem o nome da família ao incluí-lo nos créditos iniciais.
...Fogg essentially winds up playing second-banana to Passepartout - a disastrous choice that simply does not work.
...just another adventure comedy built around Jackie Chan, this time with Verne's travelogue tenuously holding the action scenes together.
This purely satirical version sometimes works, and sometimes doesn't.
Jackie Chan ... is undermined by the film's lack of direction.
Amiably dorky redo.
Phony, unfunny family entertainment...packs in almost every racial and cultural stereotype in the world.
Everything about this production seems tired.
True to Walt's original vision for Walt Disney pictures...you can taste the corniness.
Jackie Chan is in a tiny tub with a man. Again.
Once it settles down, 80 Days becomes a pretty enjoyable comic-action romp that's ultimately twice as much fun as a lot of technically better movies I could name.
The absolutely scariest scene in Around the World in 80 Days features Arnold Schwarzenegger.
All my critical faculties tell me I shouldn't recommend it. But when I think of how often it I grinned (once a minute) and how often I checked my watch (never), I give up.
The style of humor - with its forced high jinks and pathetic attempts at farce - is so aggressively outrageous that it ultimately becomes abusive to the audience.
Director Frank Coraci plays fast and loose with Jules Verne's classic tome Around The World In 80 Days, but his adaptation never runs out of gas.
You may be pleasantly surprised by just how good this remake of the Jules Verne classic really is.
The gargantuanly funny performance of Jim Broadbent as a deliciously greedy, quill-whipping maniac is worth the admission ticket alone.
It was exactly what I expected and that's something I didn't really want to see.
...a pleasing mix of martial arts and madcap comedy, with a string of big-name cameos thrown in for good measure.
Jackie Chan stars in this fast paced remake of the famous Jules Verne story.
[a] feeble and flighty excuse for family fare. It's too bad that this inflated romp doesn't have the intended impact of a Jackie Chan animated chop to the head.
Only a devotee of the original film or a hardcore sourpuss could find serious fault with this world romp.
It's not as classic as the novel.
This live action cartoon creates a world that has nothing to do with the real one, so it can be as exaggerated as it wants to be without getting lost in earthbound details.
Around the World in 80 Days is never as delightful and silly as it needs to be.
This is something slightly different, but only because it's offensive at so many levels.
Devoid of genuine wit, urgency or suspense.
The gags are physical but rarely funny.
Works more often than it doesn't.
A colorful disappointment.
Days represents everything that over-budgeted Hollywood can possibly get wrong in a period piece.
If director Frank Coraci wanted to rehash Rush Hour 2 and Shanghai Knights, was there any need to drag Jules Verne into it?
A colorful, fast-paced, and enjoyably old-fashioned adventure comedy.
...Chan's random kung-fu sequences feel like just another plate spinning in the air.
Modest kid fare guaranteed not to make you think.
Jackie Chan's colorful fight during a visit to an art gallery in Paris is one of his best.
Consists almost entirely of people falling down and/or being hit on the head.
...conviendra peut-être aux très jeunes enfants alors que les parents voudront certainement passer leur tour.
(Owes) more to Verne 'Mini Me' Troyer than author Jules Verne.
Despite the rush to get everyone from place to place, director Frank Coraci luxuriates in colorful visual detail and gives the locals their due.
Coraci makes every location -- London, Paris, Istanbul, wherever -- feel like the same cheap backlot, and has trouble getting laughs out of the most surefire jokes.
It's fairly fast, zips some good zingers at the audience through Steve Coogan, and is just the sort of instantly forgettable fun parents can have with their kids.
There's a disturbing savagery amidst the cotton-candy fluff and Crayola colors... the cruel mirth with which the film distributes its comic violence...
The feat of making it around the world in 80 days seems all too simple. It's getting through the movie that's difficult.
Even the 1989 made-for-TV version starring Pierce Brosnan possessed more spark and steam than this lazy, lackluster take.
Around the World in 80 Days is like eating a candy bar--loaded with empty calories but also light and fluffy with a sweet Jackie Chan in the center.
Hackneyed is one thing; embarrassing is another but if you're enough of a fan to see it for the action and only for the action, it's worth your while.
Compared to the torture of sitting through Garfield, this... is a family movie that is the perfect summer distraction.
Jackie is great, his choreography flawless, his comic timing spot on, but he's doing it in the wrong film.
Spends about an hour getting past its casting and screenwriting hurdles before finally settling into an even, enjoyable pace. That first hour, though: Man. It's pure death.
Has that cheesy, chintzy mid-Florida feel that we all know and love, despite its $110 million budget.
This second bigscreen version of Jules Verne's 1873 novel takes plenty of liberties with the material and never generates much genuine excitement, but provides an agreeable ride without overloading it with contemporary filmmaking mannerisms.
Plays like a listless '60s overseas co-production.
A leaden excuse for family entertainment.
Jules Verne is rotating in his grave worrying about his other works ripe for plucking from the public domain.
I don't know why they call it Around the World in 80 Days. Watching it feels like it takes only five, maybe six days.
Properly silly and slapsticky.
An energetic and enormously good-natured family movie.
Wonderful family escapist entertainment.
If you've remained a Chan fan despite the action hero's obvious concessions to age and you've enjoyed his recent family-style films, 'Around the World in 80 Days' will entertain you ... Most other people, however, may want to make different travel plans.
Offers only snooze-worthy action scenes.
A two-hour version of the Jules Verne story that is only intermittently fun, despite lavish expenditures on CGI and stunt work.
Feel[s] like a future ride at the Magic Kingdom.
A journey worth taking.
The world already knows about Jackie Chan. But thanks to this irreverent remake, British actor Steve Googan appears set to become an international movie star.
This $110-million fiasco is the sort of movie that gives family entertainment a bad name.
One of the lamest remakes of a classic film I've ever seen.
Completely mediocre.
This new, family-friendly adaptation of Jules Verne's novel can hardly be called a travesty. But it can't be called a very good movie, either.
Solid family entertainment that alternates plenty of laughs with plenty of adventure.
Passes the parental test in that it has wit, is cinemagraphically loaded with scenic eye candy and moves along at an energetic enough pace to keep seat-squirming to a minumum.
The major problem with Around the World is that there's just not quite enough Chan, or at least the Chan we want to see, which is the acrobatic clown.
A total hack job.
Despite all the audience-pleasing laughs and derring-do, it fails to take us anywhere we haven't been before.
The modern-day equivalent of The Cannonball Run.
Around the World in 80 Days is modestly diverting summer fare, but at about the halfway mark you're going to start wondering, 'Are we there yet?'
Is it any wonder [Chan] is aching for something different?
This comedy is billed as being 'based on the novel by Jules Verne,' but 'suggested by' or 'borrowing the title and character names of' would be more accurate.
It's light as a fly, but springs some genuinely funny moments.
A peppy, fast-moving, wafer-thin amusement that's fine for kids if you don't mind a lot of Three Stooges-style martial arts. For grown-ups, it's the equivalent of a 59-cent tin globe.
As he hit the long home stretch, I couldn't help but wish that Fogg had managed to shave a week or two off his itinerary.
It's as though the crew is traveling through an oversize, even more irritating version of Disney's It's a Small World.
See it if you're looking for an excuse to sit in an air-conditioned theater for two hours
A flawed reworking of the Jules Verne classic that runs out of creative energy early in the story and relies too heavily on tiresome martial arts sequences
Coraci belongs to a Hollywood faction that believes children won't be entertained unless a movie pushes them to the edge of hyperventilation.
Seeing this movie is like being seasick on your cruise to the Bahamas - you're going to see some cool things, but it's an adventure without a lot of laughs.
Mayhem substitutes for wit.
The first American Jackie Chan movie that doesn't make fun of him, that lets him be the cool guy.
Trippy, goofy, and nearly senseless concoction [is] one of the more entertaining cases of 'What-in-the-heck?' out there.
A waste of time.
The end result is about as thrilling as spending those 80 days stuck in Cary, Illinois with a broken axle.
This flick attempts to take its audience across the entire spectrum of Hollywood genres in 80 minutes (give or take a few)... bad idea.
It's yucky.
Chan seems tired, even distracted, impatient to get it all over with. I was, too.
[a] sweeping adventure tale just left of center, a family entertainment with sprinklings of offbeat humor
The movie equivalent of a mustache scrawled on the Mona Lisa.
Anyone who has not seen the original movie will wonder why Chan is gadding about in the bowler derby of an English valet, and anyone who has seen the Cantinflas version most likely will long for the real thing.
Not even Chan's imaginative fight choreography redeems this folly.
A satisfying slice of old-fashioned storybook entertainment.
If [Verne] saw the movie with youngsters, he'd appreciate how much they enjoyed it.
An unexpectedly buoyant spectacular.
Any resemblance between Jules Verne's marvelous science fiction novel or Mike Todd's enjoyable 1956 movie is pure happenstance.
Plays like a Three Stooges travelogue.
A dead-on-arrival movie idea.
Except for little kids and relatives of the cast, there's not much appeal to this numbing remake.
Silly and energetic ... it's pure fluff, but it's cute.
Wholesome for the most part, this rich robust family film (with the flair of yesteryear) clips along fast. It plants a smile on your face that lasts for the duration.
As the tourist on a time budget, the usually brilliant Coogan merely mugs and flails ... while he and able straight man Chan enjoy scant opportunity to develop any comic rapport.
To say that all this is painfully contrived is to suggest that Verne's tale wasn't, but at least the novel had some tension.
The colors, costumes, and sets showed that Disney hasn't lost all of its magic yet.
Sure, it's silly, but at least it knows that it's silly and runs with it.
Verne might have a hard time recognizing his source material, but it's easy to forgive the many liberties taken in this funny, fleet-footed summer-matinee romp.
This comic riff on the Verne classic loses altitude as it proceeds, closing with a crash landing in more ways than one.
Plays like a suicide note: full of references to past glories, past fight scenes played at half-speed, and an implacable patina of obliterating self-pity.
we should consider ourselves lucky his film doesn't run the three hours that its predecessor did
Basically an excuse to give Jackie Chan a hundred different places to beat people up.








@highlight

Hit-and-miss family fare that bares only the slightest resemblance to Verne's novel.