Such a quixotic undertaking in historical context that it was obviously made by someone with something to prove.
The animation is spectacular, the songs are catchy, the dwarfs are delightful, and the movie is revolutionary in that it was the first full-length animated feature. But let's face it: Snow White has to be the most passive heroine in film history.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs may not be the best example of a Disney classic, thanks mainly to its lightly-plotted story, but with great animation, memorable characters, and beautiful music, it still remains one of their most endearing films.
Some early sequences seem a tad uncertain, but a little way in all becomes surer of itself and, for now going on eighty years ago, a miracle.
The film is as charming as it is novel in conception and execution and it is so bound to appeal as strongly to grown-ups as to youngsters.
Disney's first animated feature pushed the art form in thrilling new directions, completely redrawing a much-loved fairy tale of bad stepmothers, forest glades and handsome princes that previously existed only on the printed page.
To say of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs that it is among the genuine artistic achievements of this country takes no great daring.
There are only a tiny number of films that have come anywhere close to equaling its achievement.
It luxuriates in the art of animation, watching the various animals race through the woods, or watching Snow White running scared from an array of imaginary horrors.
the film's overall effect is undeniable, not only on the history of cinema as a whole, but in each new viewing that reveals another dimension or additional detail, the sum total of which is one of the true cinematic masterpieces
Great movie, great treatment, but if you're particular about your collection, know that the combo pack is available in both DVD and Blu-ray packaging.
It is Snow White's afterbirth that merits both canonization and destruction.
One of the most important films in the history of popular cinema, and film fans must never forget the incredible achievement it was in 1937. [Blu-ray]
This is both an entertaining old movie and a significant historical document. If you love film, then you must see Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
Largely it succeeds because it really is a great deal of fun.
This story has it all: brilliant characters and a wonderful, satisfying story.
Always a classic
It's a delightful family fantasy film that is timeless, one that both children and adults can enjoy.
In addition to its historical value as the first animated feature, it is still a delight, with memorable songs and characters.
So perfect is the illusion, so tender the romance and fantasy, so emotional are certain portions when the acting of the characters strikes a depth comparable to the sincerity of human players, that the film approaches real greatness.
You've probably seen it 15 times by now, so why not make it 16?
...the animation itself is top-notch, and in a number of darker sequences (Snow White's terrified entry into the forest, for example), Disney's adoption of Expressionist visual devices makes for genuinely powerful drama.
Most remarkable in Snow White's romps through the forest with her pack of animal pals, Disney's brilliant cell animation has rarely been equaled.
Arguably the best Disney ever.
While I see the film's importance from a technical aspect and laud it for its sense of mood, it's not at the top of my list of animated classics.
Songs like 'Heigh-Ho'and 'Some Day My Prince Will Come' are timeless; people who haven't seen this in years still recall every word.
It is a classic, as important cinematically as The Birth of a Nation or the birth of Mickey Mouse.
Walt Disney's greatest achievement, the sensation of the motion picture industry... Unbelievably beautiful... Unutterably charming... The beloved fairy tale comes to vivid life.
More important historically than it is entertaining.
To one degree or another, every animated feature made since owes it something.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs may not be the 'fairest of them all,' but being the very first of them all is reason enough to admire the effort.
...the very definition of a classic....and the newly restored, THX-mastered DVD transfer is breathtaking.
More than the grandfather of full-length animated films, it is a genuine classic in its own right.
Like many of the Disney films, from Pinocchio to Fantasia, this film is a cinematic rite of passage -- for children and adults.
The first time was the charm with the queen, probably still the most effective, scariest, and coolest villain Disney has yet created.
This is animation as it had never before been experienced.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937) is the first full-length animated feature (83 minutes in length) in color and with sound, one of Disney's greatest films,











@highlight

With its involving story and characters, vibrant art, and memorable songs, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs set the animation standard for decades to come.