Friends With Money isn't an action film, it has no real surprises, and generally has a very subtle plot. But what it does has is heart.
Nicole Holofcener is a humanist. When people say, "It's a movie about real life," they're talking about movies like hers.
Boasting generous performances from each player, this is a film that understands the foibles of human nature.
Tidily grounded in Sitcomland
Holofcener jibes class and materialism without getting preachy and avoids formula with wit and compassion.
The script is full of witty gems, while still remaining rooted in reality.
Holofcener's anecdotal narrative doesn't give us much purchase on any of the characters.
An astutely observed relationship dramedy, painfully funny even as it burns.
This delicious, seriocomic tale of four friends in affluent, liberal, west L.A. grappling with midlife crises, metrosexual spouses and household remodeling takes on an avoided subject: money, and how it affects our relationships.
...remains oddly uninvolving for the majority of its brisk running time.
For all its Sundance cool factor, the latest from this gifted director glances off the viewer without leaving much impact.
Una comedia agridulce sobre las relaciones de pareja y amistad de cuatro mujeres acomodadas, con buenos diálogos y observación de personajes. Muy buen elenco.
Problematic at the center, but there's still pleasure to be had in watching the actresses navigate the emotional terrain.
This is a dense and sophisticated work about mortality, materialism, madness, jealousy and pity a movie in which the fabulous duds are ripped off the "Sex and the City" gals and they're left teetering on the edge of the abyss...
These characters are worth a visit, but don't be surprised if they don't stay with you for very long once you've gone home.
Just when did the polished Hollywood 'chick flick' of old begin to appropriate the stylistics of the indie film?
In a low-key way, it's a very fine performance. Poker-faced Aniston may be, but everything Olivia needs to say is right there in her eyes.
Marriage, success, self-worth and communication are put under the microscope and the result is funny, poignant and ripe with truths
Guys could learn a lot about women by watching this older, often funnier L.A. version of Sex in the City
[I]t's hard to distinguish [Holofcener's] more tentative approach to narrative [here] from an identity crisis. Maybe that's why McDormand's material has by far the most bite.
An amazing set of actresses add depth and character to the lives of four friends whose relationship will always be a mystery but whose love for each other endures.
If you are a woman, or if you love one, you should see it. You will see yourself somewhere, as with all her movies, and it will change the way you see yourself as well...Holofcener nderstands us better than we admit we understand ourselves
A total joy.
Holofcener has a gift for wonderfully oblivious and in-denial characters, and the subtly ridiculous situations that such characters get themselves into.
An exasperatingly awful performance from Jennifer Aniston puts the tin lid on this humourless and self-pitying ensemble comedy.
It's entertaining, with some choice performances and the laugh-out-loud quotient of a good sketch show.
Aniston ditches her perky romcom persona and delivers a downbeat but likeable and surprisingly moving performance that anchors the film.
As a creator of characters, Holofcener has strong instincts for emblematic situations and telling habits, yet she takes a reticent approach to development -- she observes her subjects closely, but doesn't necessarily interpret.
It's a shame the film ends so unconvincingly, but Friends With Money is still rich in insights.
Friends with Money is an observant slice of Los Angeles life that relishes the day-to-day dealings with friends and life's struggles.
The first-rate cast lights into Holofcener's clever lines with unrestrained relish.
Her other 'Friends' were much more entertaining
Promises to say more, but never goes further than giving us small observations of modern urban life.
In some ways this movie reminded me of an off-broadway play; lots of talking and character development, but very little action.
Fails to feature protagonists who boast more than a figurative purpose.
Graceful and perceptive, with a genuine appreciation for imperfection and a weary, but persistent, commitment to hope.
Insightful and refreshingly open-handed, this ensemble drama taps into some painfully real emotions while maintaining an enjoyable comical tone.
Holofcener's characters seem like genuine women, not the glossy, face- lifted, 20-takes-till-perfect Hollywood version.
"Friends With Money" is a Woody Allen-ish movie that's just what its title implies.
The material is alternately rich or thin, depending on the performers' aptitude for mastering Holofcener's neurotically funny dialogue.
It's quiet, small and emotional in its approach to the problems - both large and small - shared between four friends.
Its slightness seems slighter and slighter the further you get from the film.
sells itself short again and again by dreaming up silly plot complications and behavioral quirks that may have made slightly more sense on the page than they do on the screen.
Watching [these actresses] trying to work with these underdeveloped roles is like watching big-league hitters when there's no one pitching to them.
Holofcener builds scenes around motifs that resonate marvelously.
It engages us from beginning to end without strong narrative, or narratives. It lives through the quality of Holofcener's dialogue and the performances that she has drawn from her actors.
Sharply observed and cleverly written, in the end, the film is also a bit superficial, like its characters' lives.
Further testament to Holofcener's skill and ongoing development as one of her generation's most consistently interesting independent filmmakers.
It's so effortless and pleasant to spend time with the characters (and the actresses) in Friends With Money that it seems churlish to notice that the movie adds up to nothing much.
Little of weight seems at stake and the ensemble hum is low-key.
At its best, the film approximates eavesdropping on the talk that can follow the exit of one friend from a room full of good pals, all of them caring, concerned and eager to deflect attention from their own situations.
Both entertaining and frustrating.
The movie meanders a bit, never quite following through on its undeniably nasty take on human relations.
A shrewdly observed slice of L.A. disconnect.
Don't be surprised if you see glimpses of your own friends in this film ... and of yourself.
It walks a middle ground between humorous perspective and dark insight. Then again, don't most of us?
Friends with Money is not a finished portrait, just a disposable snapshot of people we're less than invested in.
Friends With Money comes to an all-too-easy, sitcom-like conclusion.
Considering Holofcener's expanded canvas and the film's relatively short running time, it's a wonder these characters feel so fully formed (not to mention near and dear).
Jennifer Aniston comes into her own with this funny and sensitive comedy about four lifelong friends.
The cast is terrific, the movie isn't.
Most crucially, we don't learn what brought the four women together; Olivia's so much younger than the others that there's no reason to think they'd ever have befriended her.
That this seems at all fresh is testimony to the aridity of the so-called 'indie' movie scene and to the phoniness of most modern studio movies about adult relationships.
Funny and often insightful but it's hard to spend time with such an annoying group of people.
How exhilarating it is to watch great actresses get material that's worthy of them.
"Friends with Money" can be considered a chick flick because it's the gals that provide most of the fodder.
It takes awhile to get going. A long while. Too long of a while.
You could make an argument that that's how life is, unresolved, but as a film, it makes for frustrating viewing, particularly when plot threads with the potential to bust open the story are left hanging.
The performances are uniformly excellent -- this is easily Aniston's best work -- but there is the unshakeable sense that Holofcener has spread herself too thin trying to tell too many stories.
At first glance, you may feel you've seen this one before, but serious afterthought reveals layers of depth and meaning, anchored by a stringent critique of both sexes.
A rich portrait of the tenuously connected sets of relationships that, while peripheral in another film, are the whole enchilada here.
It's a thoughtful, funny film whose especially appealing cast makes up for what it lacks in plot.
Proves that given the right cast, any comedy can survive.
With friends like Aniston and Holofcener, the American independent film doesn't need enemies.
An appealingly low-key look at friendships and status, and how the two co-exist, sometimes uncomfortably.
There's little suspense, but the film holds your interest like a nice conversation.
Holofcener's greatest strength as a writer rests not in her dialogue (though it's top-grade) but rather in the manner in which she levels the playing field for her characters.
The relationships and characters are great, but a plot, or at least a point to the story would have made the film so much more worthwhile.
Honesty, excellent dialogue, endears us to real faulted people -- reminded me of Sideways. Very good, but could have used little more impact in the message department.
Smart, snarky dialogue and a few insightful observations about the upper-middle class.
In plumbing the depths of despair of four unhappy Los Angeles women, all in their 30s and 40s, it reveals much about modern miscommunication.
In hanging out with Franny, Christine, Jane and Olivia, you get not only a nuanced portrait of women's friendship but a glorious showcase of four actresses in their prime.
There are enough laughs to last 88 minutes.
It's a movie of charm and insight, well-acted and carefully observed, but it's also one that lacks any real heights to offset the generic competence that characterizes it.
Entirely character-driven and so full of brilliant moments that you'll want to see it more than once, and right away.
I'm officially fed up with Jennifer Aniston's blue period.
These are people not so different from those you know or perhaps even are, ever so slightly inflated, all the better to gently puncture.
Holofcener, who also wrote the script, makes little attempt to puncture the insularity of her characters' lives, with either heavy satirical jabbing or flashes of illuminating insight.
Grows on you as minor touches make each ego a little more human.
Better, the writer-director has the guts to make top-notch entertainments revolving around real life. No explosions, no screeching tires, no blazing guns, no projectile vomiting, no absurdist Hollywood lunacy of any kind.
The astral conjunction never quite happened
Holofcener achieves success with sharply written dialog, and four wonderful actresses who give Friends with Money a frightening dramatic authenticity.
Boring rich people have to put up with a pot-smoking friend who insists on being single, a stalker, and a maid.
A representational slice of life of upscale Los Angeles, complete with its class, race and professional bias, and Holofcener works beautifully to establish a sense of discontent within privilege.
One of those exasperating movies that you admire without necessarily liking.
It's overstuffed with zesty moments that reveal that the best friendships are about learning to grow together and challenge each other.
Sharply observed and deftly acted, Friends With Money offers a funny, sad, trenchant view of women of a certain age and social milieu (moneyed Los Angeles), struggling with, well, life.
Holofcener's writing is bright, and the individual sequences are engaging and sometimes touching, but as a whole never achieves any significant insight or depth.
Nothing ever happens in Friends with Money, but a pleasant time is spent waiting.
Friends with Money is not without humor and irony, and it's well worth seeing despite all of its gloom and doom (or perhaps because of it).
Is this a microcosm of society today, or is it a superficial attempt to gloss and dramatize relational boredom? You decide.
This is all such crap! Unless you like sitting in a dark theater watching people 'kvetch' for no good reason.
One would assume (Holofcener) knows a thing or two about female friendships, but you wouldn't know it from this drivel.
Friends is well-crafted, intelligent, genuinely adult fare.
Assumptions are challenged, and flawed characters are revealed to possess deep wells of love and compassion.
Writer-director Nicole Holofcener has brains to spare, even if she can't always figure out how to put them to good use.
The kind of chick flick that offers genuine accessibility instead of rah-rah sisterhood empowerment.
The trouble with Holofcener's scheme is that the center of the movie is dead.
It's got some really strong writing and great performances.
A rich blend of insights told with a smirk.
"Poor Olivia" (Jennifer Aniston), as her friends call her, is actually poor, at least compared to them.
No one making movies today has as firm a grasp of the intricacies of female friendship as writer-director Nicole Holofcener.
I think I liked Aniston's old friends better.
Friends With Money is very well-done. It's just a pity it doesn't revolve around more likeable people. As is, it's just painful.
Nicole Holofcener's intriguing take on this thorny topic is bitterly sharp and somewhat depressing, much like these privileged women's lives.
Takes a step backwards here by trusting the tactile fidelity of her assumed, imaginary daguerreotypes buzzing around one another in contrived, indecipherable orbits.
After headlining two of 2005's worst movies (Derailed and Rumor Has It), Jennifer Aniston bounces back with Nicole Holofcener's acutely funny Friends With Money, Aniston's best on-screen performance since The Good Girl.
Friends With Money isn't so much a slice-of-life as a slice of a slice-of-life, about as weighty as an iced-blended coffee. You buy it, you consume it and, when it's done, you wonder: Is that all there is?
Observant and compassionate in its depiction of what life is like for its strong-willed female characters.
Friends With Money offers a more engaging and nuanced plotline than usually associated with run-of-the-mill chick flicks.
Friends With Money is another finely etched, intelligently acted social comedy from Nicole Holofcener, whose first two features were Walking and Talking and Lovely & Amazing.
Friends With Money should be on Prozac, Zoloft or Paxil. I mean that in a good way.
There's rarely a moment in this film that feels wrong, barely a moment wasted, and yet it all drifts rather serenely to a stop, with little to mark its passage.
You learn more about a Holofcener character from the way she brushes her hair than you do about the factory-made heroine in all two hours of your average romance.
Another plot-lite, character-heavy portrait of woman dealing with love, friendship and self-worth and Holofcener has little interest in adding polish or scale to her formula.
Gives the characters relatable failings and the story some ironic bite...[but] lacks the depth of empathy Holofcener showed in Lovely and Amazing.
Despite the clichéd script, "Friends with Money" is entertaining, well acted and, thankfully, short
Money, in this case, doesn't buy what it takes to make it through a typical day in the life.
A relaxed and realistic portrait of four middle-aged women friends dealing with fragility of their lives and relationships.
Nicole Holofcener's bittersweet comedy is about friendship and money and about how having one sometimes, maybe always, interferes with the other.
An exquisitely calibrated hypermodern comedy of manners.
A class-conscious L.A. tale of four best friends and the men who love (and hurt) them.
Witty and fast-paced as [some] scenes are, after a while the big picture grows tired and trivial.
The movie lacks warmth and edge. It seems to be more of an idea than a story.
Holofcener's film remains rooted in keen observations about everyday life.
Every five years, Nicole Holofcener makes a movie, Catherine Keener acts in it, and some kind of magic happens.
If Friends With Money is about the meaning of success in a town obsessed with wealth, it is also, more universally, about our defining incompleteness, and the sad, uproarious inconclusiveness of life.
Lays the emotional tension on thick but punctuates it with nimble wit.
[Holofcener donates] the best moments in Friends With Money to a dissection of feminine net-worth envy.
I do not doubt that vapid people like these exist; that does not mean they are worth watching.
An understated comedy about money in a classless social setting.
For a movie rich in hilarity, heartbreak and a sense of life in all its vibrant, messy sprawl, watch Friends With Money. It touches a nerve.
Although the women provide the narrative's social glue, it's never clear how they formed their bonds. Rather than story, Friends With Money is founded on ready-made behavioral metaphors.
A chick flick but not a date movie, this is a pic with sharp dialogue and solid humor about four middle-aged friends, one poor, the others rich.
Quite funny, the script has but one fault. It has a final page. When the movie finishes, your only complaint will be that you wished it were longer.
A mysandristic chick flick in the worst sense of the word.
Amusing and astute, a smart observation on the ups and downs of female friendships.
Imbued with a distinctly female sensibility, this serio comedy is always intelligent and sporadically entertaining, yet at the end, I was left with a frustrated feeling wanting it to be deeper and more focused.
Writer-director Nicole Holofcener has become one of the most interesting, observant and insightful filmmakers working today.
Holofcener has an uncommonly keen eye for the nuances of awkward public discourse between people of varied social status.
Friends With Money is entertaining and highly watchable but in the end, it just feels trite.
... offers an agreeable grazing menu of smart dialogue, wry observational humor and bright characterizations, but doesn't end up feeling like a full meal.
A pitch-perfect ensemble comedy that burrows deep into the mind-set of white, upper middle-class Angelenos, anxious to strike the right balance among career, family, love life and money but never quite pulling it off.


@highlight

Stong lead performances, witty dialogue and wry observations cement Friends With Money as another winning dramedy from writer/director Nicole Holofcener.