If it were another harmless throwaway comedy built on junior high locker-room humor, it wouldn't be a big deal. But Blended could have been better. And that's disappointing.
The movie is no doubt funny, but the genuinely good jokes are just by the handful.
To summarise in as few words possible: it is a film, it has people in it, the lighting is adequate and there's a monkey band playing Careless Whisper. Can I go home now and stare into the dark abyss that is my life please?
Avoid "Blended" like it's your job - because it is. Your future happiness could depend on it.
A movie too afraid to use real emotion or accept its audience is smart enough to read between the lines.
It seems that miracles do happen in modern cinema. It's warm, funny, tender, serious and ( ... ) decidedly old fashioned. There's no swearing, no pandering to repeated toilet gags and the 'gross-out' market is all but ignored.
Hasn't Africa suffered enough?
I wish "Blended" were more a family ensemble dramedy and not a Barrymore and Sandler vehicle that rips off of "Yours, Mine and Ours."
Adam Sandler fans who are members of blended families may love it the most. All others will wish Blended had the courage to include more identifiable human moments and fewer screwing rhinos.
Blessedly written by someone who's not Sandler--and it's almost passable, even palatable ... until the movie throws in vagina-size jokes. And passes off tomboys as weird non-men. And goes to "Africa."
Typical Sandler contrived comedy, with more heart and the likeable Drew Barrymore to help keep the African safari-themed absurdity and crudity to tolerant levels.
The uninspired screenplay is content to recycle the same jokes over and over, with gradually diminished returns.
Blended is awful. It's the kind of awful film where it's hard to resist the temptation to just list all the awful things that happen in it and pass that off as a review.
DREW Barrymore tends to bring out the best in Adam Sandler - so much so that their re-teaming almost saves Blended.
Bland on the one hand, tacky on the other, Blended lives up to its name in more ways than one.
Even people who hate Adam Sandler - and there are still several hundred million of them around, the majority of whom appear to be movie critics - might at least take some comfort in his move away from gross-out films...to more family-friendly fare.
It has become something of a tradition to dismiss the latest Adam Sandler movie outright or, if one is feeling particularly generous, damn it with faint praise. Blended is no exception to this strategy.
Blended? Blanded more like.
Blended is pure pablum, loosely masquerading as a "romantic comedy," though its sorely lacking in both those areas.
Even with its inane script and limp direction, this film is watchable simply because Drew Barrymore is present to humanise Adam Sandler.
You get a sense of where it's headed as the first scene opens to the sound of a toilet flushing and the sight of Drew Barrymore exiting a public restroom stall.
Adam Sandler's latest paid vacation (with back-end points) is Blended, a comedy with fewer surprises than a Hooters menu.
Adam Sandler's astonishing run of bottom-of-the-barrel comedies continues with Blended...
'Blended' is actually one of the 'better' Sandler films, which is to say it's sometimes almost half-tolerable.
If you're looking for an Adam Sandler date-night movie, well, Blended is an Adam Sandler date-night movie. It's got all the lowbrow humor and predictability you crave.
the best thing about it is that as bad as BLENDED is, at least it's not GROWN-UPS 3
There is no need to guess how this will turn out.
The film badly misjudges the tone and delivers painfully little in the way of actual laughs.
Can't really recommend it, but not as awful as I thought it would be.
Doesn't feel so much blended than most crudely and sloppily thrown together with minimal exertion and even less thought.
...an admixture that doesn't quite come together, as what might have been a romantic comedy about second chances-with kids-fights for screen time with more typical Adam Sandler fare.
What's missing from Blended? Two key ingredients: it doesn't touch the heart and it doesn't tickle the funny bone (at least not often enough).
Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore take The Brady Bunch to Africa in their third on-screen pairing, a coarse romcom that not even their proven chemistry can salvage.
[A] vomit-inducing blend of mawkish sentimentality and dead-on-arrival humour, all bundled up in a putrid package of festering family-friendly fun.
Want to help pay for a multi-millionaire's family vacation? Then buy a ticket to 'Blended' and help Adam Sandler.
It's lazy and only occasionally funny, but then critically raging against an Adam Sandler movie is as futile as raging against the tides.
A movie that looks to have been written in half the time it takes to watch.
It's a flawed film - highly flawed - but Sandler seems on track to change his image.
The romance is sweet and even effervescent, the comedy is homespun and sentimental, but it's packaged with such a repellent batch of stereotypes and prejudices that it's unpalatable even to contemplate.
I am NOT a fan of Adam Sandler, or his stupid films, but when he pairs himself with Drew Barrymore, he's not nearly as insufferable.
Somebody call Ripley! Despite extremely low expectations, Adam Sandler has actually made a decent movie. It's also a step up in class from the usual Sandler fare.
It's not flawless, mind you. However, compared to movies like Jack and Jill and Grown Ups 2, Blended is like Citizen Kane.
There's a tenderness to the story that should connect with modern moviegoing (blended) families but the film is held back by Sandler's usual low-brow humor and cheap gags.
In the world of this sitcom love story, men are from Mars and women should be from a defiled menstrual tent far enough away that Adam Sandler won't have to hear them talk about tampons.
Blended, amazingly, is likely the best thing Sandler has made since Funny People, and it is still a regressive, racist, sexist parade of telegraphed set-ups and unfunny, mean punchlines.
Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore star in Blended, their third pairing, and, while the chemistry may be good, the movie isn't.
Comedians often draw on childhood influences, and Adam Sandler and his team do it in the worst possible way in Blended.. [which] is like a Bizarro version of The Brady Bunch.
A lot less painful than anticipated.
Predictable Sandler/Barrymore comedy has lots of sex jokes.
The jokes are not as funny as their previous films, but as the years go on, it's nice to see that these two can still provide a spark of romance that's appealing in a family film.
Sandler & Barrymore. Great chemistry. They're terrific. Their movie is not.
I felt like it was crushing the soul out of me. But it's still not as bad as Grown-Ups 2.
Sandler would piss out of the screen if he thought he could get a laugh. This is not his worst film, but it's his most offensive.
It does not make you want to gouge your eyes out in horror. It is not the anti-Christ. This is not a worse movie than Grown Ups 2. Not exactly praise, but it should take what it can get.
Juvenile humor and cornball sentiment are hard to digest
Blended is Sandler status quo - no surprises, no laughs, no life, no hope.
For fans of Barrymore and Sandler's previous cinematic encounters, this latest effort isn't up to snuff, losing the sweetness and friendly playfulness that elevated their past screen adventures.
The worst thing about this film, a prize for which there is hefty competition, is its portrayal of Africa.
Another year has passed, and so, as with the cold inevitability of death, another Adam Sandler movie is upon us.
A decent movie might actually be buried here somewhere deep, deep down. The world will never know.
Where's the diarrhea? I was led to believe there'd be diarrhea.
Call me bwana, but it's three times a charm for Sandler and Barrymore on this totally-silly surfin' safari!
The movie treats Africa as though it were a single resort town populated by white people who sit down at buffets while black people stay out of the way and entertain them.
Once upon a time I was a fan of his (Sandler), but alas you can't be sixteen forever.
Audiences need good family comedies. Unfortunately, 'Blended' is a mix that just doesn't quite come together. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
You have to admit it is not half as horrendous as some of his other movies.
I think I smiled, twice.
The laughs are sporadic and the supposedly tender moments are as heartwarming as a Hot Pocket.
Blended throws a lot of things on the screen, but in the end, it has to confront its awkward and artificial "romance." And that's just ugly.
None of this makes a lick of sense in the context of the central question ... and very little of it is funny to one degree or another.
Are we meant to be laughing, crying or doing a bit of both? In the end Blended succeeds with neither and the whole thing feels like a bit of a chore.
Purees your brain for two hours...proudly and pointedly credited as 'A Frank Coraci Movie'-not a film, y'hear? Nerd-os, go home!
Heaven forbid there is one honest emotion, other than the seething anger you'll feel having wasted two excruciating hours on Blended.
Sandler should keep working with Drew Barrymore, and next time he should also try a script with a second draft.
Blended is a rather sloppily-made effort, with stock shots of lions and giraffes randomly dropped in.
"Blended" is far from the worst movie to come out of a studio-subsidized Adam Sandler vacation.
Will their mutual hatred melt away under African skies? Will there be lots of opportunities to sacrifice their dignity in search of lazy laughs? All guaranteed.
Will Adam Sandler ever grow up?
Most of "Blended" has the look and pacing of a three-camera sitcom filmed by a bunch of eighth graders and conceived by their less bright classmates.
In the [screwed]-up, fifties sitcom version of real life that Blended presents, single parents are incapable of truly raising their children.
...a touching film that's funny and full of good family values...despite good turns by Barrymore and Sandler, the biggest star of the film is the eye-poppingly spectacular The Palace Hotel of the Lost City...
Consider this review as confirmation of your fears and hopes: The flick is really really really really dumb - yet gets by thanks to the sweet chemistry of its stars.
If you can get through the first 20 minutes of Blended - a nonstop regurgitation of old jokes, annoying characters and unfunny ideas -- don't relax. It gets worse.
Blended... will appeal to a proven audience who appreciate what Sandler and Barrymore do together, and might even surprise a few skeptics who dismissed the 47-year-old comedian as a viable leading man.
Tracing its inception back to TV's "The Brady Bunch," it's a formulaic, forgettable family farce.
It proves very much un film de Sandler: so lazy you feel unconscionably guilty for snorting at the three jokes in its two hours that merit any response.
A fun, often funny, largely enjoyable romp. The trick: Manage your expectations.
I'm retiring next week, and this is the last Adam Sandler movie I'll ever have to see for the rest of my life.
while television Writers Ivan Menchell and Clare Sera have come up with a concept that shifts this one away from Sandler's other vacation movie, their set up, which takes a considerable amount of screen time, is horrible and their 'jokes' puerile.
Blended had a chance to be something more than just the standard Sandler silliness. Unfortunately, it never really figures out what it wants to be.
The sunnier that Barrymore gets in her scenes with Sandler, the more the iffy elements and leaden bits seem to just melt away. Blend in more of that spirit, and their latest pairing might rate better.
Might have been more aptly named "Recycled."
Each sweet moment is inevitably punctuated by some in-your-face joke that's at least as stupid as the preceding moments were heartfelt.
The sort of cinematic stain we've come to associate with Sandler, yet even worse than fits his reputation.
The pair have obvious chemistry. That doesn't mitigate the stupidity and predictability of the plot, but at least it's not painful to sit through.
The familiar Sandler-Barrymore chemistry lends a bit of sparkle to this otherwise predictable family rom-com.
"Blended" isn't very good -- I wouldn't even say it's good -- but it is several degrees more tolerable than Sandler's recent films.
Yes, I cringed. But I will also admit this blend of Sandler silly and Barrymore sweetness isn't half bad.
A rehash of Adam Sandler's 2011 comedy "Just Go With It," only without Jennifer Aniston and without laughs.
It's nice that "Blended" showcases the natural wonders of South Africa, but writers Ivan Menchell and Clare Sera seem to have forgotten what century it is.
A mess of nearly epic proportions, the film sees Barrymore trying to wrest control away from a bored, listless Sandler, who, at this point in his career, seems other either unwilling or unable to turn off/turn down his inner moron.
There's a fairly decent movie trying to breathe here, underneath the infantile humor. Maybe one day, Sandler will liberate that movie.
It's almost as if Sandler and his Happy Madison production company are baiting viewers, engaging them in a sadistic, decades-long thought experiment to see how many repellent films he can make before they turn on him.
Overall, Sandler's fans may be disappointed, for Blended could have been a lot funnier than it is. Maybe he's simply getting tired of the same old shtick -- for, truthfully, in this film Sandler looks tired.
Like something coughed up by a baby, "Blended" is tasteless mush.
While Blended isn't as aggressively terrible as [Adam Sandler]'s recent crop of films, it's not very funny either.
Buried within the steaming pile that is Blended - Sandler's latest dump into theatres as star and producer - is an actor who can nail the unassuming zinger, throw some beautiful tantrums and play sensitive characters who use humour as a defence mechanism.
[A] bawdy, ugly farce.
Blended isn't Sandler's funniest movie or his best, but it is a big step up from the dregs he's been churning out.
The action is by turns insistently sunny and mawkish.
This movie belongs to Sandler and Barrymore who connect with electricity and sparks.
Increasingly, it seems that Adam Sandler's filmmaking career functions as a means of financing his family vacations.
Sandler spits in your face and calls it a kiss.
The mixture of romantic comedy, frantic farce, family sitcom, sentimentality and coarseness doesn't really blend that well. But compared to his last few films, 'Blended' is a relief--a new Sandler vehicle that at least doesn't make you want to retch.
After a fire alarm disrupted a recent screening of this film, many of the audience members I was with left the theater knowing that this obnoxious and offensive comedy was not going to get any better.
Adam Sandler, reigning king of the Filmed Vacation, is back for another luxurious trip short on belly laughs and long on gooey sentimentality and familiar slapstick.
All things considered, "Blended" deserves to be faster, funnier, peppier and less cluttered than it is. It is a testament to Sandler and especially the forever lovely Barrymore that even in lesser cinematic larks, they escape unscathed.
Blended isn't truly awful or unwatchable, but it's also not particularly groundbreaking, even by Sandler's standards.
"Blended" suffers from a fundamental lack of trust in its audience, following every unexpectedly smart exchange with a numbskull pratfall or one-liner, and every instance of genuine sincerity with an avalanche of schmaltz.
These days, Sandler is like a bottle of beer that's lost all its fizz -- a cheap, domestic beer at that.
Tame by Sandler's current standards, the movie feels like a throwback; it brings to mind the blandly crappy movies Sandler made 10 years ago, rather than the brazenly crappy movies he makes today.
If "Funny People" is any indication, Sandler hates himself, and in "Blended" he invites us to join him.
A more sentimental and less funny outing than the on-screen couple's previous hits The Wedding Singer and 50 First Dates.
Sandler's jocular, lowbrow goofing will leave many cold, whether he's goading his teenaged daughter or taking an ill-advised spin on an ostrich.
Adam Sandler goes to Africa, via the tampon aisle, and assumes you'll agree with him that racism and sexism are family values worth celebrating.
Blended is conventional and predictable in every way, shape and form with stereotypical aspects infuriating and needlessly employed, ensuring this film has little to no unique identity of its own.
Insipid and outdated, but after several films that celebrate outright abuse, it does come across like a microscopic step in the right direction, if only for an Adam Sandler film.
Please don't go and see Blended. It's a quasi-racist, deeply boring waste of time, money and talent that makes the world an imperceptibly worse place merely by existing.
Trust in the audience is not a hallmark of the filmmakers. If it were, then maybe they could allow at least one semiserious scene to play out without beating us over the head with a trademark silly Sandler gag.
If you've ever been inside a multiplex before, you can guess what happens during their vacation. Sure, it would be nice if the filmmakers gave us a few surprises before the happy ending. What's worse, though, is how low their comic bar is set.
The filmmakers only bother to lay out comedic set pieces that are simply family-friendly big-budget variations on Jackass stunts.
How great could a romantic comedy aimed at children, with masturbation jokes and rhino sex really be?
The Wedding Singer director Frank Coraci mines few laughs from the script but Sandler fans will find something to enjoy. They usually do.

@highlight

Lurching between slapstick and schmaltz without showing much of a commitment to either, Blended commits the rare Sandler sin of provoking little more than boredom.