Sean Penn's adaptation of Jon Krakauer's non-fiction book is a bracing cinematic plunge into the odyssey of Christopher McCandless.
Every once in awhile, a movie will come outta nowhere and blow your socks off.
Crafting his meditation on the men who answer the call of the wild, Sean Penn's adaptation is heavy on mood and ambiance but sadly lacking in depth, giving up on the wider comparisons to focus fully on McCandless, who may not be up to the scrutiny.
It's a bit heavy-handed, but ultimately a rewarding watch.
Even in its harrowing final moments, it reaches a spiritually transcendent pinnacle - the idea of ending one long, strange trip and plummeting into an even-greater unknown with both fear and elation. A stirring American drama of comfort and conflict.
An uplifting and enriching cautionary tale about one man's spiritual adventure on the road and in the wilderness.
Even Penn's more indulgent flourishes seem to enhance the film's keen feeling.
Penn's film displays a deep and abiding love for America, set against a critique of the uglier aspects that exist alongside all that the beauty.
The kind of insipid hero-worship that traps the subject in wax
Thank goodness for Eric Gautier’s miracle of cinematography that floods the screen with spectacular moments of pristine beauty and long shots ...
A long trip, but worth the wait. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Although it's been hailed by many, I found Sean Penn's film to be the tale of a megalomaniac as told by a narcissist.
I would never do what Christopher McCandless did, and yet I found Into the Wild to be incredibly inspiring.
Into The Wild has been made into a prayer of a motion picture by Sean Penn. It may not touch everybody, but those whom it does touch, it will touch deeply. It is a haunting odyssey.
Penn has managed an impressive achievement that qualifies as a great American film. [Blu-ray]
...it's not the character of McCandless...but the supporting cast and characters who bring the story to life.
About the only good thing this movie can offer is some nice scenery, which I don't need to watch a movie over two-hours long to see.
As [Hirsch] struggles with the elements, his increasing frailty and the cinematography's increasing grandeur mesh in a way that's at once iconic and wrenching.
Often too concerned with how smart he's being, Sean Penn gets the quiet moments right while some of the more dialogue-intensive come off poorly.
an intensely intimate and personal experience
Hirsch may be the talk of Into the Wild, but Penn should be commended for putting together such a strong cast.
Perhaps destined to follow the same emotional arc as the true story it portrays, the film starts with great promise, passion, and inspiration only to quietly wane.
A tale of life needlessly lost by a young man who realizes too late that reckless self-reliance is not necessarily the path to self-awareness. That he fails to realize this sooner is tragic; that the film celebrates the misunderstanding is bewildering.
Sean Penn deserves huge credit for the gentle hand he has used in telling this incredible story.
Into the Wild is a film to meditate on. It's long, it's not particularly fast-moving but it struck me in a carnal fashion.
This is a brilliant, personal film.
Thoroughly entertaining Hollywood fare which holds up a dope as a person deserving of admiration.
Christopher learns too late that one must love and fear nature in equal measure and that happiness is meaningless without someone with whom to share it.
Encaixa-se perfeitamente na filmografia de Sean Penn, que, como diretor, parece se especializar em histórias tristes e desesperançosas que buscam investigar a natureza humana através do que ela tem de mais angustiante.
Penn's main idea about going native is making eye contact with a deer.
Chris' relationship with the machine of expectations and responsibilities is tried by Keener and Holbrook in particular, but he sticks to his guns and leaves a wake of bittersweet gaps behind him."
The film is about people trying to live good lives and that is ultimately a serious and worthwhile subject. Into The Wild is one of the best films of the year.
[Sean] Penn's film does justice to McCandless' tale.
It is an excellent, first-rate account of a story that, depending on your perspective, did or didn't end so well for Christopher Johnson McCandless (a terrific Emile Hirsch).
The engrossing true-life drama of an idealistic young man who yearns to live alone in the Alaskan wilderness and to reap the soulful benefits of solitude in the spirit of Thoreau.
Penn's camera loves the landscape and captures its immensity.
While it does lag in some areas, it's truly an entertaining, utterly fascinating, and fantastic epic...
Powerful study of a young man who killed himself in search of spiritual purity.
The role of the rebellious adventurer intent on doing things his own way is the kind of role Sean Penn might have taken on himself twenty five years ago, but Penn makes his mark this time as screenwriter and director
While the viewer may sympathise with McCandless's saintly rejection of materialism and his pursuit of eternal truths in a mapped-out world, there's little irony in the film, and the deluded Chris never actually helps anyone else.
No wonder the book on which this is based is a best-seller. "Into the Wild" takes a riveting docu-drama approach to the life of real-life Chris McCandless (Emile Hirsch, "Alpha Dog") and his doomed trek away from all the comforts and safety of society.
Does capture the true spirit of the adventure.
One of the best American films of the year, even if you do feel more impatient with McCandless than Penn seems to.
A young man with plenty of advantages renounces the modern world, wounds his family deeply and is acclaimed a sort of saint.
Sean Penn's majestic travelogue about a young drop-out on an idealistic quest in the great American outback is the best film the writer-director has ever made.
A dream movie.
There is food for thought and food for every kind of feeling in Sean Penn's outstanding film.
Although McCandless's story is undoubtedly fascinating, and Penn's film contains moments of magic, it is a lesser piece of work because it prefers to accept its subject at face value rather than ask a few crucial questions.
Thoughtful without being particularly thought-provoking, heartfelt but not always emotionally engaging, it gets my thumbs up due to some beautiful, haunting shots of America at its wildest.
Penn's best movie to date rests on a brilliant performance by Hirsch, who gets under the skin of the fascinating character at the centre of the piece.
Into The Wild gets lost in a self-indulgent wilderness.
In his fourth and best film to date, Sean Penn has made an eco-road movie that refreshes and invigorates. Exquisitely shot, robustly acted and deeply felt, it's a potent ode to wanderlust and human pluck.
With consistently drop-dead gorgeous cinematography, Into the Wild tells a touching and ultimately harrowing tale of personal growth.
The photography is of the sort you'd find in any half decent nature documentary, with cloying emphasis placed firmly (and sometimes clumsily) on the idea that our neglectful, selfish and not to mention rampantly capitalist ways are destroying the planet.
Beautifully shot and perfectly acted, Into The Wild will appeal to anyone who has looked out of the office window and wondered what it'd be like to pack a bag and just start walking.
With the whole of America as his backdrop, Penn pulls off his most ambitious movie yet. The result is a beautiful and thought-provoking road movie.
Deserts, mountains, railroads, bears and a sad and lonely epiphany about the nature of human existence!
Sean Penn obviously poured all his passion into this, with nearly as much raw, naked zeal as his psychologically scarred yet inspired protagonist.
Emile Hirsch captures all of the arrogance, integrity, naiveté and charm of this complex, troubled young man.
Sean Penn's first masterpiece as a director.
This is a great, great film.
Hirsch, who carries the film on his increasingly emaciated shoulders, performs heroically, but there's an edge missing.
I was exhilarated--and devastated.
Powerful, tragic true story has heavy themes.
Impressively directed, beautifully written and superbly acted, this is a genuinely uplifting tale (despite its sobering conclusion) with spectacular photography throughout.
The topography of the canyons, rivers, deserts, wheat fields and forests is no more fascinating than that of the faces McCandless encounters.
My problem with the film is the image of McCandless as a hero, when in fact, he seems more victim than hero to me.
Penn, whose deliberate and successful avoidance of sanctimony is the key to the film's success, uses Chris/Alex to discover his own essence as a director -- except he survived.
Movie's strong suits are great acting and great location photography, not its structure or its self-destructive central character.
Poetic, resourceful, sparse and marginally pretentious.
Has a profound cumulative effect by the end--a testament not only to Penn's control and understanding of the material, but the terrific lead turn by Hirsch.
Penn and cinematographer Eric Gautier capture with lucid beauty the feel of the road and the vastness of the wilderness.
After the deeply internalized sorrow, longing, and rage examined in Penn's earlier movies, Into the Wild finds another way to explore identity and damage, and to make them immediate and more abstract.
I can't imagine a more faithful version than this taut, superbly told, ferociously filmed adventure.
I walked away from Into the Wild feeling that Penn was too in love with the idea of Christopher McCandless the free-spirited hero to excavate the soul of Christopher McCandless the lost man.
This fact-based drama pulls off a fairly tricky feat -- it's touching, thoughtful, sad, funny, sweet and ultimately redemptive -- and all at once.
The great accomplishment of Into the Wild, Sean Penn's film based on Jon Krakauer's fact-based book of the same name, is that it allows us to sympathize with Chris. We may not agree with the choices he makes, but we understand.
Laced with amazing visual stunts, standout performances, and a perspective of our nation that's nearly incomprehensible, we wind up tramping right along with our wide-eyed hero.
...an almost perversely uplifting celebration of a very strange and uncommonly charming young man, an Icarus who died by his own folly but in the process grazed heaven.
You get that Penn is more interested in commenting on what's happening in the U.S. today and what an appropriate individual response might be in a country he probably believes has lost its way. The answer, however, is blowin' in the wind.
When Christopher McCandless went camping, he didn't mess around.
Into the Wild is especially memorable in the manner in which it offers no absolutes.
Into the Wild
A wholly and unexpectedly decent enterprise.
The self-reflection is powerfully honest, and the landscapes are genuinely spectacular.
Sean Penn (both director and screenwriter) has fashioned a visionary tale that is somber and uplifting.
What's bizarre is how Penn idealizes and never questions this self-destructive, totally egocentric, romanticized adventurer.
Contrary to the lessons we learned in Werner Herzog's Grizzly Man, large bears will not always eat irritating hippie man-children. Damn shame.
Penn does a great job of capturing the feel of the book, but falls a bit short of achieving the depth of Krakauer.
A long (140 min.) and sad but fascinating journey into the heart of loneliness.
The only Truth is that the quest to reclaim the best of what we were disillusions us. . . before it kills us.
Director-screenwriter Sean Penn's gorgeous, compassionate film takes a generous approach to the story of McCandless, the real-life seeker who gave away his savings and belongings and walked into the Alaskan wilderness.
It's Penn's biggest-hearted film, a hippie epic that buoys even as it wends toward catastrophe.
The movie tries its hardest to celebrate the impetuousness of its hero and the exhilaration of his accomplishments. Mostly, though, it just reminds you of the severity of his mistakes.
Sean Penn's achingly poetic Into the Wild seduces gently, creeping up in incremental steps. Yet in the end it leaves us drained and devastated.
Without diminishing the deep transcendentalist yearnings of its young hero, Into the Wild builds to a climax of profound human connectedness, profound human pain.
Into the Wild takes your heart and shakes it, offering inspiration, exasperation and blunt realization in a true story of one young man's dream and nightmare.
It's a beautiful, big, sorrowful film that manages to celebrate America while reexamining what it has stood for and what it has become.
It is we who are made a little more complete for wrestling with, and watching, Penn's film.
It used to be a hip putdown to call a film "a religious experience." Into the Wild just about is.
overlong...but beautifully photographed...and expertly acted
Into the Wild didn't make me want to eke out a living in an abandoned bus, but it did make me yearn - just a little bit - for my younger, less cynical days
There's a lot to like about this offbeat, evocative travelogue.
Surprisingly emotional and unguarded, with a central performance that could be one of the year's best.
Into the Wild is a celebratory ode to the road and the people you meet along the way, destination be damned.
I am overwhelmed by the intensity of theme, and underwhelmed by the sophomoric content thereof, and so I end up in the middle, sort of whelm-neutral.
It's a gorgeous, self-assured, thrilling and entertainingly intimate epic, an actor's picture in front of and behind the camera.
[Penn has] clearly found his home, his calling and consequently the best movie of his career in Jon Krakauer's best-selling nonfiction book Into the Wild.
Sean Penn's Into the Wild is certainly visual -- it's entirely too visual, to the point of being cheaply lyrical.
Penn's maturation as a filmmaker is stunningly complete. Into the Wild is a riveting, spiritual revelation - one young man's journey to find himself that ends in folly unmourned.
Penn hits too many of his thematic nails square on the head, never trusting that his audience is intelligent enough to get his message without all of that bold-facing and underlining.
Super '70s in both style and sensibility, Into the Wild does for vagabond New Age souls what Deliverance did for misguided suburban macho.
Beautifully structured and performed.
In its expansive spirit of investigation and embrace of life as a creative act, Into the Wild comes as close as any picture ever made to capturing the America that Jack Kerouac discovered half a century ago.
This is one of those movies I can imagine deciding is a masterpiece in a month's time. And by any measure, "Into the Wild" is a big leap forward for Penn as a director and deserves to be one of the most talked about films of the season.
Penn's melancholic epic is a slam-dunk.
Where Penn shines most is in his level of commitment. To show us where McCandless really was, he shot in at least 30 locations all over the country.
Sean Penn's spellbinding film adaptation of this book stays close to the source.
Sequences are gorgeously filmed by cinematographer Eric Gautier, and they're heady with the joy of discovery -- they make you want to hit the road into the magnificent landscape we forget is out there.
A road movie with a lofty message that too frequently gets lost in its own thematic barrens. Whereas Krakauer's disturbing book sticks with you, Penn's movie, wrapped in the balloon of its fanciful rhetoric, just floats off.
Sean Penn's gorgeous, tragic film is both an advertisement for wanderlust and a sobering cautionary tale.
It's [Penn's] warmest, most celebratory and most completely realized film and, though you might not guess it from the material, it is also arguably his most personal.
A visually stunning modern-day epic in which the protagonist, unfortunately, remains a blur.
Days later I was still thinking about this adventure... a sure indication of a well-crafted film.
...a perfect, contemporary companion piece to Jack Kerouac's On the Road, which celebrates its 50th anniversary this year.
As actor and director, Penn long has been drawn to the existential and elemental. Life and death. Remorse and revenge. All these themes converge -- symphonically -- in Into the Wild, his most fully realized work as a director.
though it's easy to dismiss McCandless' hippified musings and near-suicidal choices as the misguided actions of a kid who read Walden a little too closely in college, Penn's film aims for something more, a deeper telling of a tale of yearning and escape.
... As the credits roll at the close of Into the Wild, you don't feel like you've celebrated a life spent on the road less traveled; you feel like you've just witnessed a slow-motion suicide.
Penn's direction is amazingly sharp and intuitive, full of masterful touches that give an epic dimension and scope to the parable.
A murky screenplay leaves most of the humans ciphers, save for Hal Holbrook in an exquisitely calibrated performance as the avuncular desert retiree whose advice McCandless should have heeded.
The film, I am convinced, is unforgettable.
If Into the Wild falls short of giving McCandless an indelible cinematic life, the film gets under your skin anyway. It doesn't feel improvised, exactly, but it does feel inhabited.
Penn, in his zeal for the character, very simply misses the obvious: this is a spoiled brat who has become disillusioned with his parents.
Sean Penn sings a powerful and poetic hymn to America with "Into the Wild," his sweeping, sensitive and deeply affecting adaptation of Jon Krakauer's best-selling book.
I happen to think Sean Penn is one of our more admirable knotheads -- a fearless actor, a bold controversialist and, as he proved with The Pledge, a very strong director, capable of far subtler moral complexity than Into the Wild affords.
If Penn weren't such an intimidating figure, studio execs probably would have turned the script back and asked for a do-over.
Sean Penn steps behind the camera to craft one of the most powerful films of the year.
It throbs with color, possibility and hope, fueled by an un-ironic adolescent yearning as plaintive (and only occasionally embarrassing) as the mega-earnest Eddie Vedder tunes that fill the soundtrack.
Sean Penn does a great job.
Thematically and artistically ambitious and faithful to the source material, Penn's film is not only intriguing but also feels like a more personal work than his former outings.
A near miss by director/screenwriter Penn when he mistakes a self-absorbed college student for a hero of the counter culture
Penn performs one bit of sleight-of-hand on the book that's borderline unforgivable.
Hal Holbrook will have been robbed if doesn't get nominated for every award available.
This saga was the subject of Into the Wild, a short but fascinating book by Jon Krakauer that, 11 years later, has resulted in a gorgeously photographed and less intermittently fascinating 2 1/2-hour film by Sean Penn.
His initiative is really admirable. I wouldn't apply it towards breaking away from society, but he certainly was a go getter.
A mystic and mesmerizing journey of adventure and self-discovery.
Hirsch is excellent as the woefully ill-informed and too arrogant for his own good McCandless, but Christopher is ultimately such an unsympathetic character that it is hard to feel anything for him. That makes it very hard to stick with the film.
It's a smart script that has a nice respect for books, ideas and the written word.
Captivating and multifaceted. Written and directed by Sean Penn, the film is a haunting and moving experience, highlighted by evocative original music by Eddie Vedder.
Overly romanticized.
Hirsch is thoroughly impressive in Penn's best directing effort yet.
Although Into the Wild carries with it a tragic undercurrent, Penn illuminates the graceful aspects of Christopher's ultimate search for self to overall illuminating effect.
Penn's sensitive screenplay and Hirsch's engaging performance show us McCandless's ability to connect to the subtlest signals from the widest range of people and to the grandest scope of nature.
Into the Wild is a literal free spirit of a motion picture, but it also remains a poignant, tragic, and unforgettable tale of misplaced human desire.
The entirety of human existence in two short years, all of it brought to life in an extraordinary motion picture that's absolutely impossible to forget.
The ultimate destination creates the opportunity for Penn to draw up a summation for his protagonist's journey, and it's a moral that should satisfy those viewers looking for meaning and order.
astute and brisk though not always as concise as one would hope
What can ever be known of the real Chris McCandless is well served on-screen in 'Into the Wild.'
It's got a cast that any Hollywood producer would envy, all doing good work as the various people touched by McCandless during his journey.
Tempting as it might be to dismiss McCandless as a hare-brained hippie, he's not so easily reduced, and Penn does well to honor his slippery nature, even as he's clearly awed by his grand adventure.
Though Penn's sympathies lie with McCandless, the director's camera is impassive, and the film's driving intent is to doggedly document rather than celebrate.
If nature -- if life -- is as wild and precious as the movie makes it out to be, Hirsch needs to give us something, someone, to watch on-screen. We need to feel a presence before we can take the measure of an absence.
There is plenty of sorrow to be found in Into the Wild But though the film's structure may be tragic, its spirit is anything but.
Into the Wild may be the most stirring drama you ever see about failed ambitions. But even if it makes you think twice about that camping trip, it's a journey worth taking.
Penn has a real feeling for the stray moments in life that suddenly rush up and overwhelm us with emotion. He also has an eye for beauty in the wilds, of which this film has many. And he's very good with actors.
Penn's film burns with native intelligence, never tipping into hagiography, and always doing what very few purveyors of McCandless' story have been able or willing to do. It engages with him on his own terms.
A heartrending slice of Americana both inspiring and foreboding in its view of a world that will exist long after we are all gone.
Into the Wild is a bittersweet odyssey of opportunities lost and paradise found.
[T]he extraordinary Emile Hirsch [is] like Leonardo DiCaprio 10 years ago, all coiled intensity and wrapped-up irony...
Into the Wild represents Penn's most assured and affecting work yet as director and screenwriter, in the wake of The Indian Runner, The Crossing Guard and The Pledge.
Penn's entitled to his reading of McCandless's story, of course, but envisioning it as a Stations of the Cross with a backpack is bizarre and disrespectful.
Darkly observant, the plot makes great art.
Into the Wild will haunt anyone willing to take the trip.
Penn's 140 minute conveyance of the story is rambling and structurally unsteady but every essential ingredient is there, which we put together with a lingering impression of poetry and pain.
What is evident by the film's conclusion is that our sincere and honest relationships with fellow men and women is what makes us human and great; not at all our connection to nature
Way too long and could have easily been trimmed by a good half hour, but it turns a new corner in [Sean Penn's] career as a filmmaker
Penn depicts this flawed figure with all the richness and complexity you'd find in the unforgiving Alaskan terrain, presenting McCandless in both his selflessness and selfishness without once judging him or turning him into a martyr.
Penn's empathy with his driven hero is unmistakable and deeply felt.
A personal film in the best sense of the word.
Into the Wild is all over the place and ultimately, I think, wrongheaded in its attack. But [Director Sean] Penn gives it the good old college try -- or perhaps I should say, the good old society-dropout try.
By the end of the movie, I don't know that I liked Chris, but I understood him and sympathized with him, and sometimes that's more important.
For a story so fraught with potential landmines, Sean Penn, the screenwriter, bridges delicate narrative constraints to fulfill expectations of audiences familiar with Krakauer's book.
Romanticization takes precedence over analysis in Into the Wild, Sean Penn's exasperating adaptation of John Krakauer's nonfiction bestseller.
Sean Penn's fourth feature as a director is as exhilarating as it is unwieldy, a sprawling hymn to nature, humanity and personal freedom which firmly establishes the much-feted actor as a film-maker of vision.
Into the Wild shows you the way, but lets you choose for yourself. And hippie or no, this trip is absolutely worth the effort.
Even as we feel anger at Chris for hurting his family, or frustration at his choices, or fear for what will happen to him, a part of us has to admire his courage in taking a leap that most of us would never be able to take.
The reason it's so troubling, even disturbing, is that notwithstanding the protagonist's profound goodness, the film insists on consequences for his narcissism, his naivete, his -- yes -- stupidity.
As most films directed by actors, the performances here are very strong.
A story of youthful narcissism that never neglects the poignant humanity at its core, Into the Wild speaks to the yearnings and frailties in all of us.
Sean Penn delivers a compelling, ambitious work that will satisfy most admirers of the book.
If Emile Hirsch is short on charisma, he nonetheless whets our wanderlust--though if you're thinking of trekking to Alaska, go with a commercial tour group.
While the material seems to warrant understated, direct storytelling...Penn opts for epic proportions and clutters his narrative with gimmicks.



@highlight

With his sturdy cast and confident direction, Sean Penn has turned a complex work of non-fiction like Into the Wild into an accessible and poignant character study.