An intelligent and complex peek in to the darkness of mental illness and its tendency to destroy and explode violently.
This "smaller" experiment turns out to be William Friedkin's best film in over 20 years.
Claustrophobic paranoia provides the squishy center of Tracy Letts's Off Broadway play, Friedkin swims in it
While not really a "horror" film, "Bug" contains more weirdness, tension and suspense than most other "genre" releases last year.
Letts' story is ultimately an extreme cautionary tale about how a little bit of passion can make you do magnificently fucked-up things.
Before it completely goes off the rails in its final 20 minutes, Bug generally comes off as a slow-moving yet exceedingly well-acted drama...
It starts off like a horror film, or like a modern-day Tennessee Williams piece and then transmutes into ... something very different indeed.
The dialogue raises the odd snigger and the final act is perhaps a little too barmy, but a committed cast and an experienced director make this a tense and effectively claustrophobic experience.
Thanks to Friedkin's devilish direction, and Letts's unrelenting, sharp, sad and darkly comic writing, Bug will keep you guessing till the bloody end.
Melodramati%u010Dni, isforsirani i predvidljivi zavr%u0161etak
An exemplary character-driven chamber drama like we don't see much of in America.
A freakishly metaphorical look at the self-destructive implications of paranoia gone awry.
Friedkin's best film in at least two decades.
Bug is more cerebral than visceral so those expecting a more traditional chiller may be disappointed. But for those interested in a creepy character study, this Bug has bite.
Overly metaphorical but at least uncompromising -- a surefire crowd-nonpleaser.
A disaster on every level.
...you start to wonder what Friedkin has been doing for the past 30 years. From the look of "Bug," I'd have ventured not a darn thing.
a claustrophobic thriller that slowly and methodically peels away layers of normality until we are trapped in a contagious delusion made frightening literal
The final quarter of the film is actually rather bloody, almost living up to the promise of the trailer. It's actually rather subtle for a horror flick, but is really good just the same.
...has the air of acting class exercises rather than a work of real emotional resonance...
Try as it may, Bug never really gets under your skin.
The result, then, is that little here is psychologically engaging for the viewer. Instead, to witness vulnerable Agnes being pulled into a vortex of delusion and paranoia is akin to watching a car wreck.
Bug straddles the lines of genre seediness and high art pretension, but it's not enough of a cheap thrill or mindbender to succeed at either.
It might have taken David Cronenberg, that insect fetishist (Naked Lunch, The Fly), to truly turn this into a freak-out session.
Friedkin gets political in exposing the value of dependence for people who believe they can depend on very little.
A deeply disturbing, claustrophobic look at psychological trauma.
All of the actors find the right rhythm... But even the performers' complete commitment can't entirely disguise the fact that 'Bug' doesn't seem to belong on the big screen.
Ashley Judd's got guts, and so does William Friedkin, a director who peaked in the early 1970s and hasn't made a memorable film in decades. Not until Bug, that is.
[Friedkin] expertly helms this relatively narrow-focused screenplay by playwright Tracy Letts.
Both Judd and Shannon reach into the void to draw out raw performances that are alternately gripping and ridiculously extreme.
An unpleasant curiosity and train wreck of a movie that never completely sells its stage bound, feverish events.
Friedkin's Bug is a claustrophobic, unsettling, intense and extremely well-acted parable about paranoia.
Whether Aggie is herself a product of particular horrors%u2014whether she's watched too much television, absorbed her own lost child into herself, or believes terrorists mean to invade Oklahoma the very second they get their chance%u2014 remains unknown.
While I do not for a moment question the film's quality, I am left wondering who its audience is.
Beat by beat, Bug is gripping: It has that feverish compression of great theater, but director William Friedkin gets inside it, so it's never stagy.
A nice textbook on how to use the camera in a confined space.
Ew, Bug.
Afterwards, most people will be asking, 'What the hell was that?' while still suspecting that the movie has something worthwhile trying to crawl its way out.
disturbing, but not scary enough to work as a horror film and not deep enough to work as a drama.
If movies were only about acting, 'Bug' would win a high recommendation from me. Unfortunately, it contains too much talk and too little action.
This material badly wants to be searing and disturbing, but it's all too obviously conceived as showboat material for actors, with little room for subtlety.
Bug is a movie intent on getting under skin in much the same way its protagonists think insects have gotten under theirs; it's a movie that gnaws on you long after you've walked out of the theater.
...one of those failed experiments that still merits attention, if for no other reason than to see Judd pull herself away from those awful cop thrillers costarring Morgan Freeman to actually act again.
A perfect film with a limited audience, "Bug" is one of the strangest, most mind-boggling movies you'll ever see.
If you can be absorbed in it the way Friedkin intended, you'll find yourself suitably disturbed by the horrific and inevitable conclusion.
Judd gives her everything to this perfectly crawly psycho-conspiracy movie.
A stagey, talky movie that shares a couple of deadly weaknesses with some other movies based on plays.
Reprehensible, repugnant, pretentious poppycock!
Dishonestly marketed but fascinatingly macabre...Bug is about creepy-crawlies as much as Magnolia is about frogs and The Squid and the Whale is about sea creatures.
By the second act it has a case of diarrhea of the mouth.
The movie seems made for the express purpose of disorienting its viewers, causing them to sink into discomfort and dread.
That's the essence of the best horror films. They cause you to wonder: Is it all in your head? Is it really just in the movies? And could this actually happen in real life?
Friedkin settles for more gore and less fear. While I give the film points for style and weirdness, in the end it's more a garden-variety insect than an exotic new discovery.
Bug is unique in its priorities; a quality Lionsgate should've been eager to celebrate rather than keep away from online press and accurate promotion.
A film of excruciating intensity, a psychodrama that infects the imagination.
This is a movie about the dangers of letting love rob you of your reason and cut you off from the world, and, bugs in the bloodstream or not, who hasn't been there?
Ashley Judd gives the kind of fearless, raw performance that you only see a few times a year.
Where Bug succeeds, in scaled terms of course, is in its intense lead performances.
Ashley Judd and Michael Shannon (who reprises his stage persona) never allow us to categorize the main characters as one-dimensional nut jobs but two emotionally fractured souls who retreat into paranoid delusion.
Bug won't get under your skin as much as it will assault you with its ghastly claustrophobic drama and over-the-top performances.
William Friedkin and Tracy Letts' adaptation of Letts' stage play is a ludicrous foray into psychological horror.
The cheesy soundtrack and the lacklustre acting undermine [director Friedkin's] efforts at turning an intelligent play into a scary movie.
Bug may not be a big deal, but it is a sublime and remarkably disturbing small deal that pays and demands close attention.
It's an impressive piece of minimalist filmmaking for [director] Friedkin, who skillfully brings the somewhat theatrical situation to life and keeps us riveted to his characters' descent into hell.
Bug goes exactly where it needs to go -- to a place most filmmakers don't dare go -- and gets there brilliantly.
Bug holds you in its disturbing grip until the genuinely shocking denouement.
After nearly three decades of misfires, major and minor, William Friedkin, the creator of The French Connection, The Exorcist and Sorcerer, is back in true form with Bug.
It's a movie that could really bug you.
Riveting, repulsive and creepy, it takes paranoia to the outer limits in a film that crawls under your skin.
Bug is a twisted, visceral film with an uncompromising sense of nihilism.
Bug buzzes around in random menace for an hour until its third act, when -- zzzzzt! -- it flies straight into the zapper.
Bug, a tale of love, desperation and conspiratorial madness, comes off on the big screen as a wacky psychological snow job.
There's nothing about Bug you'd call pleasant, but this dark, intense picture is the best and most vibrant movie Friedkin has directed in decades.
Bug's relentless unpleasantness, which [director] Friedkin bogs us down in instead of crystallizing it into what might have been a stylish head trip, can get to be a chore.
The movie just puts its big ol' metaphor in your face and hope the actors can drag you along with them. Almost works, too, but in the last 20 minutes, Bug goes right off the rails. Pity.
In all ways, Bug is a head-scratcher.
It's one helluva movie that makes Ashley Judd look ugly and demented, while turning Harry Connick Jr. into the most frightening screen thug since Ben Kingsley in Sexy Beast.
This Bug has some bite but, unlike Cronenberg's creations, never burrows under your skin.
Probably a very good play, but it doesn't make the transition to the big screen.
It is certain to have an impact on anyone who experiences it, even if it's not the movie they expected. It does not just get under your skin; it bores its way into your head.
By the end, the actors look as if they've been beaten to a near pulp, and the audience may share some of that feeling.
You leave feeling alive, if severely disturbed, rather than deadened by the unthinking horrors of the latest slasher films.
When we learn what's eating Agnes, the open arms she extends to Peter feel justified; she's so deep into grief that it hardly matters what happens.
William Friedkin's latest film, Bug, begins as an ominous rumble of unease, and builds to a shriek.
Steppenwolf ensemble member Tracy Letts adapted his play into this fearsome horror movie, directed with single-minded claustrophobia by William Friedkin (The Exorcist).
It's an oddball romantic drama that descends into comic horror and delivers Ashley Judd at full neurotic tilt (a new angle for her).
Although Bug is inconsistent and grows too violent by the end, there's one thing it's not: the same old stuff.
With Bug, William Friedkin continues to be more fascinated by the evil inside our heads than the boogeyman outside.
Blame Lions Gate for neither sending this direct to cable or treating it as the art house movie it is. Instead... they have ensured the film's failure.
This is a crazy, intense creepster of a movie, masterfully directed in great sinking movements. It's The Exorcist for a darker time.
you realize they are just going to keep talking and talking and talking for the whole movie, when you wish they would SHUT UP!
Where Bug succeeds, it does so by inducing in you the same kind of on-edge, constant low-level of terror Agnes lives with on a daily basis, the kind of ordinary distress with modern living that afflicts way too many people.
An excruciating affair, like a bad drug trip that never really rises above its off-Broadway roots.
A staggering miscalculation.
Supposed to be a serious psychological thriller, an unsettling little number designed to creep us out and make us think. But it's really just junk.
Even when it doesn't quite succeed, it's interesting.
I doubt the film will strike much of a chord with anybody, though, except perhaps with deranged entomologists and the people who love them. Friedkin does an excellent job of keeping the action inside that ultra-dingy motel room cinematic, but to what end?
Its brutal mental and physical outbursts will likely remain the most grueling screen scenes of 2007...but it's a shame Bug isn't more than it cracks up to be.
As in The Exorcist, Friedkin establishes a tone of hard-edged, almost documentary-style realism before ratcheting up the horror to nearly unbearable levels.
A nerve-rending, extremely unpleasant experience but also a compelling one.
A fascinating exercise in paranoia and terror that sticks to the brain like intellectual flypaper: Even viewers who decide they don't like it will find the film as hard to shake off as the insects that plague our two principal characters.
The film has a few horrific jolts and plenty of violence, but at its core it is simply a mind-twisting head trip.
Plays like lousy dinner theater doing its darnedest to give American paranoia a bad name.
Whatever unexpected ability [Judd] shows in the early scenes of this paranoid thriller go utterly to waste as the film spirals ridiculously out of control by the end.
There is a conviction here that (a) transcends any attempt to categorize the film generically and (b) challenges the lax, we're-just-kidding-around spirit of most American movies (see, or rather don't see Grindhouse, for example).
Consider how low Friedkin has fallen when 'doesn't entirely suck' is a reason to celebrate.
It's entrancing to watch and wonder just how crazy Bug is going to get. Then the movie goes absolutely bonkers, and you wish you hadn't asked.
It's a nasty, nasty piece of work, which wouldn't disqualify it from consideration if it had some redeeming virtue -- pleasure, edification, wonder, something. But it doesn't, so to hell with it.
Though the characters in it might not actually have bugs under their skin, Friedkin's creepy film will certainly get under yours, for good or ill.
After a well-constructed first act, the story becomes a little tiresome and repetitive and the characters, who are will defined to begin with, stray ever closer to the edge of overwrought one-dimensionality.
Bug, written by Tracy Letts, was originally an intimate, unsettling play in which the confines of the stage could reflect the emotional and psychological claustrophobia of the subject matter.
Whatever has gotten into Friedkin, let's hope it stays in there.
Bug, directed by William Friedkin from Tracy Letts's play, has the feverish compression of live theater and the moody expansiveness of film. The mix is insanely powerful.
Bug is genuinely freaky-deaky, not to mention more inventively unsettling than anything [director] Friedkin has mustered in the quarter-century since twisting little Linda Blair into a satanic spewer of pea soup and F-bombs.
The audience is likely to be left scratching their heads, and that wouldn't be from insect bites brought on by this film's extremely unpleasant subject matter.
A tour de force of acting and directing in this spellbinding exercise from director William Friedkin, back in his old form.
William Friedkin ratchets up suspense and terror to an almost unbearable level with his adaptation of Tracy Letts' award-winning 2004 Off-Broadway play "Bug"
Though it gets to be silly near the end and stagy at all times, there are enough scares and some powerful acting to make the pic worthwhile.
Blends paranoia, trust and love into a riveting story, driven by intense characters.
A remarkably involving film--compelling and revolting in equal measure.
This needed to be a more radical adaptation, and it isn't.
Michael Shannon reprises his role from the stage production and gives an incredibly physical, deeply disturbing performance that is genuinely terrifying to watch.
Bug can't decide if it's a woman-in-peril noir thriller or a modernist paranoia saga, so it just gets weirder, bloodier, and grosser.
William Friedkin's overwrought screen version of Tracy Letts' play assaults the viewer with aggressive thesping and over-the-top notions of shocking incident, all to intensely alienating effect.
It is smartly and convincingly fleshed out, at least enough to fit inside and burst the seams of generic dimension.







@highlight

Disappointing resolution aside, Bug uses its claustrophobic setting and cinéma vérité camerawork to tense, impressive effect.