Even with the always-charismatic Dwayne Johnson in the lead, Rampage can't help but be an action-filled mess that suffers from a rather silly plot and a tedious, overblown climax.
It's not a good film; it's actually a supremely silly one. But with Dwayne Johnson once again flexing his pecs in the cause of popcorn distraction, it's not entirely bereft of amusements, either.
It's not a stellar bit cinema by any means, but I imagine it'll allow for some fun late night screenings on basic cable in the next few years.
From the - 'wait how did he get there so fast?' moments, to the cringe and chuckle-worthy one-liners, you know this movie came to play.
So if you can distill enjoyment from its overwhelming How is this not parody? tackiness, then you, too, will get something kick-adjacent outta Rampage. If not, well, at least The Rock's hot.
Rampage opens with a stunningly entertaining pre-credits sequence that feels like the climax of an entirely different movie...
It's a surprising show of self-awareness in a genre where restraint is generally the enemy.
This videogame-inspired folderol is just as insane as it sounds, but it's enjoyable in its mechanical, greedy-eyes-on-the-boxoffice way.
It's the rollicking barrage its title intimates, yet amounts to merely passable entertainment; a minor critter in its habitat, rather than a behemoth.
A fun, largely nonsensical film; based on the old arcade video game.
Johnson's big opportunity for a memorable one-liner comes and goes with a sheepish "Well, that sucks." Touché, "Rampage."
Hokey dialogue and a terrible villain, but the charm of the Dwayne Johnson/George relationship and the fact that the destruction scenes are truly reminiscent of the game make Rampage some solid action-heavy entertainment.
[Rampage] gives you everything you expect from it. [Full Review in Spanish]
Rampage is no doubt one of the most enjoyable movies ever based on a game but it's also a great big dollop of monstertertainment with a heart, morals, action scenes and well-designed creature roster as huge as its lead man's arms and charm.
The main draw here is the action sequences. Other than that Rampage provides no novelties despite another charming performance from The Rock. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a throwaway but a fun one: think "Sharknado" with a bigger budget and superior production design fit for a popcorn matinée.
As popcorn movies go, Rampage is gleefully ridiculous. But if you can swallow Johnson's preposterous character - a special-forces soldier before he became a primatologist - then you shouldn't have any problem with its humungous, rapidly mutating beasts.
We don't want to see The Rock trying to reason with these beasts using sign language, we want to see him do all the s*** his gorilla proxy does.
The exhausting barrage of mayhem and noise borders on sensory overload.
This is not a particularly smart or believable film, but it does deliver action, heroism and, especially, escapism. I found it entertaining, mainly because of the action, the special effects, and the three main characters.
In other words, just turn off your brain and get in touch with your inner child and the feeling you had the first time you saw Star Wars. Yes, it's that good.
Rampage is by no means great filmmaking, but it does tap into the kaiju-inspired source of the video game to deliver what the 12-year-old in me loves: crazy big monsters destroying everything in their path.
Without The Rock this movie would be unwatchable...I think because I liked San Andreas a lot more than I should have that I was hoping for that kind of fun. I didn't get it.
I liked the set-up and the mythology. The villain took me out of it a lot, but other than that, I enjoyed the ride.
To its credit, it doesn't take itself seriously, and when you need a movie to not take itself seriously, you cast Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson as your lead.
What Rampage really needs is that playful sense of fun that made the video game-turned franchise so popular. As any kid in a backyard sandbox will tell you, it's fun to be big and smash things.
Tellingly, there's a moment in the film when George flips Johnson the bird; by the time it's over, the audience may want to do the same.
An entertaining cinematic experience that exceeds what it promises, even if it takes too long to get us there. [Full review in Spanish]
You know Hollywood summer blockbuster season has started when you get mindless popcorn entertainment. Like Rampage. There is no other way to describe this preposterous flick about oversized and mutated animals terrorising the city of Chicago.
You never expect complexity or coherence from a Brad Peyton film, and indeed you get neither here. But you do get rather a lot of guilty-pleasure fun.
In between the dust-ups, the dialogue, performances and plot markers are all rather rickety.
For most of its running time it's just plain mediocre. At least for anyone over the age of 12.
It's difficult to fathom how creature feature crap like this winds up at the top of the box office. The same way, I suppose, that someone like Donald Trump winds up in the nation's top office. The American people get the monsters they deserve.
Cinema ticket prices these days are quite giant-sized, too, and this particular show isn't worth full-cost admission.
One takes this kind of Cgi for granted these days, but the creatures really are impressively rendered and let's be honest, who doesn't want to watch a gorilla, an alligator and a wolf destroy downtown Chicago?
Never succeeds in being cheesy matinee fun. Worse yet, it doesn't seem to have crossed its gloppy, solemn mind for this to have even been a possibility.
A fun, if forgettable, couple of hours.
Key to the 'Big, Dumb & Fun' genre is 'Fun', but this is too dumb to even come close.
With a pair of caricatured villains and improbable situations, everything is halfway between parody and action in earnest. [Full review in Spanish]
So, since it is no use crying over spilled chromosomes, it's convenient... to concentrate on what really matters: the bromance between Dwayne Johnson and a giant albino gorilla. [Full review in Spanish]
In the midst of all the ridiculousness of a movie where three mutant monsters destroy everything, the added realism is appreciated to avoid complete superficiality. [Full review in Spanish]
In the end, if what they want is to see three beasts fight each other in downtown Chicago with Dwayne Johnson in the middle, Rampage will not let them down. [Full review in Spanish]
Kids will love seeing the crazy creatures wreak the obligatory havoc and watching Johnson save the world with his trademark charisma and charm.
It's Godzilla on steroids!
Dwayne Johnson and Jeffrey Dean Morgan have great chemistry. [Full Review in Spanish]
Rampage is gigantic, noisy and vertiginous. Hollywood in its purest form. [Full Review in Spanish]
Rampage lacks freshness. This type of cinema is in need of renovation. [Full Review in Spanish]
Skyscrapers are crushed, fighter planes are swatted away and boats are tossed about like rubber ducks.
I'd trust Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson with my life.
Every which way but satisfying.
Sometimes it feels as though movies are made because the technology allows it, not because anyone is especially excited about telling a story. Rampage absolutely comes off like that.
Sometimes it feels as though movies are made because the technology allows it, not because anyone is especially excited about telling a story. Rampage absolutely comes off like that.
We love gigantic ape movies. George is impossible not to love even when he's trashing Chicago. Fans of the game will have as much fun with this as they had playing the game.
You will leave the cinema in a jollier mood than when you arrived, and there's a lot to be said for that.
Rampage just takes itself a hair too seriously to qualify as a true "turn off your brain" romp.
Rampage just might be the most blasé monster movie you could ever sit through.
Of all the big, dumb movies Dwayne Johnson has made, Rampage might be the biggest and the dumbest.
These movies CAN be clever and humorous in addition to having spectacularly convincing special effects (which this does), but it takes extra effort. Rampage prefers the path of least resistance.
The movie is stupid, dumb and ridiculoius, but the end brings it home in a way that actually might be a good time, if you're drunk.
Rampage is stupid, dumb, ridiculous. I enjoyed it and had fun with it...when they take it up to 11, it was great, I just wish they did that a little bit more.
It just felt like the writers weren't taking it seriously. This could've been a really fun guilty-pleasure movie.
It's animal magnetism from go to whoa. And I love it that the croc is (a) the maddest and baddest of the three rogues and (b) female.
A silly but enjoyable monster-bashing action movie starring our favourite mighty-muscled hero.
Raises the bar on big dumb fun, with The Rock's social-justice-warrior badass and his genuinely charming relationship with a gorilla, plus a ton of goofball sci-fi monster action turned up to 11.
There's a sameness that plagues these spectacles he [Johnson] attaches himself to, which lack any kind of majesty in its mayhem.
Rampage is noticeably in trouble once it becomes obvious that the giant virtual gorilla is the most human presence onscreen, and that doesn't take too long.
Rampage is borderline out of control, but it constantly throws up a gag or a set-piece to get lost in. Something that's easy to do with Dwayne Johnson leading the way in a softer but still just as captivating fashion.
Even Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson couldn't save Rampage from being an utter train wreck.
It makes for big, loud spectacle, which marginally compensates for the fact this is terrible science fiction. The premise makes no sense here in the real world and it has nothing significant to say.
While much better than it has any actual right to be, Rampage is still hardly the city-destroying monster smash it maybe could have been.
In the end, all we're left with is a pale, loud American imitation of a Godzilla movie that doesn't even manage to get much glee out of the Rampaging itself. The 12-year-old me left feeling slightly let down.
It's fun, it's noisy, it has giant monsters pounding their way through a city and each other. Like I said, it knows what it is.
Johnson and his awesomely proportioned muscles wisely take a back seat as the CGI takes over and runs amok all over.
Rampage's stupidity knows no bounds, but it's never as much fun as a movie with this low an IQ should be.
Rampage is a movie in which none of the pieces fit together well-the characters, monsters, action set pieces, and emotional tone all seem like they belong in separate films. It's neither thrilling nor fun.
Dumb fun, giant-monster movie with Dwayne Johnson and giant ape buddy.
If Rampage the movie had stuck to its namesake, it would have been a lot more fun.
The only aspect of Rampage that works at all is the performance by Dwayne Johnson. Obviously, this is not going to go down as one of his better movies and it feels like something that he should have made about a decade or so ago.
Big, loud, occasionally gory game-based adventure.
Even the A-movie budget can't disguise how hollow and insubstantial all of the death and destruction feels, even in action-movie terms.
A big, dumb, giant monster royal rumble that old school Godzilla fans should be able to enjoy. [Full Review in Spanish]
It may be based on a video game, but it plays like a live-action cartoon, one that doubles as a fantastical journey into the imagination and sensibility of a 10-year-old boy, complete with rude hand gestures and goofy declarations of badassery.
How much dumb fun can you handle, cuz Rampage brings it by the bucket full.
A mixed to slightly negative bag for me as it never quite seems sure what sort of film or genre combo it really wants to be. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Dwayne Johnson takes on jumbo, aggressive, mutated creatures in an epic cheesefest featuring a silverback gorilla named George who flips the bird at The Rock. Wrong target, George. It's the movie that deserves the finger.
Rampage doesn't rouse you up as much as you'd like. If anything, it merely shakes you awake before it's time to head back home.
Rampage is one of those rare video games that has actually inspired a good movie. The title character in Wreck-It Ralph is named after a giant wolf that tears up cities as it fights off aerial attacks.
It's telling that two of Rampage's big set pieces end with a gigantic albino gorilla laughing and giving the finger straight into the camera.
[Dwayne] Johnson and [Naomie] Harris have some nice chemistry, both separately and in tandem, which is ultimately what makes Rampage the mildly enjoyable time-waster that it is.
When Johnson is doing that movie action star thing he does so well and giant animals are going enormous-mano-a-enormous-mano, there's undeniably goofy fun to be had. You just have to be patient during the downtime.
Don't overthink it. Just sit back, chuckle and gape at the gloriously improbable thrills.
I dunno, man, it's got The Rock and a monkey fighting a giant, flying wolf, what more do you want?
We all need a little mindless entertainment every now and then, and Rampage certainly fits the bill.
Rampage essentially throws The Rock, a few handsome co-stars, and a gaggle of semi-competent CGI shots into a blender, pours out the chunky mix into a bowl and sort of shrugs and says, "eh, eat it, I guess."
A film twice as preposterous as it is exhilarating, yet twice as exhilarating as any other movie you can think of in which a gorilla, a wolf and an alligator-armadillo hybrid attempt to flatten downtown Chicago.
Rampage doesn't have much to offer: The plot is cursory, the dialogue is repetitive and the psychology is cheap.
This is the movie "Pacific Rim Uprising" wanted to be, this is the movie "Tomb Raider" should have been. Pure entertainment, "Rampage" is a smashing good time.
Clearly, this is a star vehicle - and the eminently likable Johnson is unquestionably a star. Through sheer force of personality, he elevates "Rampage" into something reasonably entertaining.
The Rock's recent output seems to be made up of dusty old relics hastily cleaned as a last moment gift for a younger audience that may or may not throw it in the trash.
Can Dwayne Johnson save Chicago from rampaging monsters? Do you have to ask?
There are ludicrous constructions - say, a 30-foot wolf crossbred with spider, bat, and bug DNA. And then there's Dwayne Johnson as a misanthropic Special Forces soldier-turned-primatologist.
'Rampage' is a guilty-pleasure outing, easily digested. It's like a visit to a cinematic amusement park - a nice diversion to simply pass the time away.
A big mess of poor ideas, turning a sublime gaming experience into a periodically cringe-worthy missed opportunity.
When at its best, Rampage is a beast of a giant monster movie. Yet when big bad exposition rears its ugly head, be ready to scream.
Rampage gives you exactly what it's selling, even if the trailers seem to concentrate on the last half-hour of the movie.
Rampage the video game deserved better than Rampage the movie, which is just a ridiculous thing to say.
Rampage does hum along at a reasonably brisk pace from crisis to crisis, and the climactic encounter is loud, destructive and moderately exciting, providing that one's brain is pretty much packed away by then.
Tanks are swatted like flies, the towering beasts get into a scrap and The Rock goes into full hero mode.
we get a [Dwayne] Johnson performance that's about as bored as we are watching the movie.
Rampage presents a relatively convincing and immersive illusion. It's mostly a question of how much a given viewer can thrill to seeing yet another computer-generated city get reduced to ash, smoke, and shards.
Surely it's time to give the Rock a role that takes him to a harder place than he finds in mushy, by-the-numbers fare like this.
Rampage is so far from qualifying as a best of its breed that a movie such as Jurassic Park looks like a doctoral dissertation by comparison. Enough said.
The thing of it is, regardless of how I feel about the script, I still had a blast at Rampage, although I wouldn't fault anyone who feels otherwise.
Obviously, this makes no sense, but if you worry too much about sense, you will never really love movies or appreciate a star like Johnson.
The impressive action sequences are...undermined by reams of clunky exposition and atrocious dialogue delivered by actors seemingly along for the ride and with no worries over the lack of quality control.
Rampage is a soulless, joyless experience, and a machine-tooled tribute to the inoffensive prowess of its leading man.
Rampage might not be the worst movie of the year so far, but it's a contender for most pointless.
It's easy to enjoy a big, knowingly dumb blockbuster, and that's exactly how you can categorize Brad Peyton's Rampage.
Rampage is what happens when a superstar actor has the clout to take a pet project and release it onto the screen.
Not that you would anyway, but it doesn't pay to think too hard about "Rampage." Sure, it could be improved (shorter would have helped), but it gets the job done in a more or less acceptable way.
Johnson and George are hands down the year's best screen couple ... Call it an interspecies bromance.
It's both a blindingly predictable pastiche of an action movie... and weirdly charming.
I can't tell whether there's too much rampaging in Rampage, or not enough. The only thing I am sure about is that it takes too long to get to the rampaging.
Whatever your age, if you have fun with movies where giant monsters are wreaking havoc, you'll have a blast.
It's all absurd, yet the filmmakers barely, if ever, acknowledge that indisputable fact.
This is major league monster on monster action, and the result becomes one of the (very) rare good video game adaptations.
Rampage is a whole lot of popcorn guzzling, soda slurping fun. Director Brad Peyton's third endeavor with star Dwayne Johnson has their big-budget spectacle down pat.
Overall, Rampage is a surprisingly fun ride that's briskly paced, epically entertaining, and a crowd-pleasing creature feature. Get your popcorn and enjoy the ride!
The weak writing and poorly developed characters aren't a big surprise. The only purpose that drives a movie like Rampage is to have fun watching the carnage. And that's not different from the original arcade game, so it succeeds on that level.
While there's not much to go ape over, 'Rampage' still feels like a rock-solid monster hit.
Essentially turning to formula plotting, we get a hero (or three) versus some mad scientists who have unleashed monsters. We have seen this before, but it works very comfortably here.
... Rampage ultimately tries to bring too much ham-fisted emotion into an overly long movie ...
Though dumb as a box of rocks, it will probably appeal to the same audience that found [Johnson's] previous comic-book-like movies satisfying adrenaline-delivery vehicles.
Popcorn munching fun delivered with a wink and a smile.
What can we expect from film studios deeply committed to marketing pre-existing brands beyond creative death due to excessive nostalgia? An occasional pleasant surprise, it turns out.
Between top-notch visual effects and the only man charismatic enough to dwarf three giant mutated animals, Rampage provides enough destruction to give audiences their money's worth even if afterward they'll feel as leveled as the cities on screen.
...it takes itself too seriously most of the time. The problem is, it's impossible for the audience to do the same. [Full review in Spanish]
It's impossible to convey the stupidity on display in Rampage. Loosely based on a video game series, it stumbles from one action set piece to the next, spouting some of the most groan-worthy dialogue to ever escape a screenwriter's tortured brain.
It's not big and dumb enough.
The problem with Rampage is that it's not content to be mindless fun. There's too much exposition and too many needless human villains.
Rampage's recycled plot prevents the action flick from skipping to the next level but its jaw-dropping giant monster sequences press all of the right buttons.
It's exceptionally dumb, exceptionally fun, and weirdly faithful to its 16-bit source material.
If you thought Godzilla or Kong: Skull Island had too many humans and too little sweet carnage, then Rampage is for you!
It's loud, raucous fun, mostly sold by [Dwayne] Johnson, the undisputed champion of CGI smash-fests.
I try to avoid using the phrase "with the best will in the world", but, with the best will in the world, it's hard to escape the notion that Rampage is barely a third as much fun as it ought to be.
Rampage offers a good amount of old-fashioned giant-monster entertainment and just enough heart to give it a spine.
On the plus side, Rampage, having been written by a gorilla (the credits say four humans, but I'm not buying it), is not about to tax any audience's attention span.
Rampage is good at exactly what it sets out to be good at, and that is to unleash three giant mutated animals (and The Rock) on the city of Chicago.
To be sure, there are pleasures to be found in a giant ape flipping off 'The Rock,' but everything surrounding this central relationship is eye roll inducing.
Splendidly silly in places, with its fondness for giant monster movies obvious, this popcorn extravaganza swerves haphazardly between knowing humour and a heartfelt warning about the plague of capitalism...
If you want to watch an ape give The Rock the finger, then Rampage has something for you - but not much else.
The engaging dynamic between our hero and his gargantuan, computer-generated pal is the movie's best surprise, with silly and straight bits both working mostly as intended for director Brad Peyton.
Everything you could possibly want from a film about a giant gorilla, an enormous wolf and a massive crocodile teaming up to destroy a city.
Rampage is meant to be big and dumb. It's non-stop campy fun that is as simplistic as the video game that it is based on.
Put the biggest action star on the planet alongside even bigger creatures and what do you have? A giant CGI monstrosity that has to be a front runner for next year's Razzie awards.
Every bit as stupid as it looks.
Honestly, this thing should have been 45 minutes.
Seriously, the movie is pretty awful, but Johnson, as ever, seems to be having a ball, even when he's all serious and concerned and shot up and beaten up and building-dropped-upon.
As a stupefyingly silly throwback monster movie, Rampage romps, but as a Johnson vehicle, sadly, it flops.
Rampage is exactly the kind of knowingly ridiculous blockbuster spectacle we were hoping to get.
Rampage is just fine.
Movies about giant mutant animals that flock to the Windy City really ought to be funny. Morgan seems to be the only one to realize that in monster camp like this, go big or go home.
Rampage is utterly ridiculous, campy, yet also self-aware enough to be kinda sorta dumb fun. ... But even The Rock can only do so much when a movie's this absurd.
The whole movie is as dumb as a brick, sillier than words can say, and a smidge more fun that it really should be due to the irrepressible enthusiasm of Johnson.
It's like watching the trashy Mega Shark Versus Giant Octopus only with a bigger budget and better special effects.
Rampage can't pull it off.
This film is based on an arcade video game that featured large-sized creatures knocking down buildings and running amok, but that basic idea has been swamped here by too many convoluted plot lines and extraneous characters.
The filmmakers appear to be staunchly against embracing what Rampage is until the final 40 minutes; anyone that has ever played a Rampage game is going to smile a lot watching Chicago get leveled
No satisfying action beats, no memorable images, and so little to say that it's virtually impossible to say anything about it in return. It's not a movie for critics, that much is clear. The problem is that it's not for anyone else, either.
Rampage doesn't blend action, comedy, and heart as well as The Rock's best tentpoles, but there's good dunderheaded fun to be had here.
No animals were harmed during the making of this film. Humans that sit through it, however, may suffer from destruction-porn fatigue, bouts of confusion and frustration, and a mild case of the giggles.
Johnson is right in his sweet spot here, and so are we, with a popcorn treat to kick off the summer season.
It's a wonder that a video game from the 1980s could efficiently set its premise up in a single cut scene, but a major Hollywood production in 2018 can't seem to get beyond mere exposition in its 107-minute running time.
It's big, bloated, and, if you give in to the familiar charms of its jacked leading man, not unenjoyable.
Both San Andreas and Rampage are directed by Brad Peyton, and they share a bland disaster-movie sameness - you get a lot of Johnson flying around in a helicopter, surveying damage, trying to warn people of impending natural disaster.
Ridiculous, of course, but not as ridiculous as it might have been.
It's hard to deny that, as B-movie diversion, Rampage often delivers.
Rampage is one of the biggest, loudest, explodiest, most violent, and cartoonishly gory films of the last decade, and it's never dull for a second.
Big, dumb fun with a whole lot of heart.
[A] serviceable adventure that could have used a bit more spark.
...Rampage is such a formulaic film in that there's no real stakes at play...
Rampage is a take-off-your-thinking-cap kind of movie, a surprisingly fun King Kong vs. Godzilla match up mutated through a video game filter.
Rampage is the kind of fearless, discomfiting art that wrestles with our place in the cosmos like Steve Irwin wrestling a crocodile.
It's got The Rock saving the world from giant flying wolves. What in the Hell could ever be wrong with that?
And at least George, who's based on motion-capture work, looks cool. The other special effects are clumsy CGI, though, and the wolf, a hybrid who's been crossed with a porcupine, looks ridiculous.
Pure monster mayhem! Dwayne Johnson once again delivers a fast and fun action flick. [Full review in Spanish]
Like many games that captured the experience of a movie (Tomb Raider, Prince of Persia, Max Payne), adapting it back into a movie just makes it a mediocre version of the films that inspired it.
Rampage makes vigorous use of all of Johnson's attributes, being that it's somehow one of the most ridiculous films in which he's starred to date.
Rampage aspires to little more than lobotomised escapism. Go in expecting unashamed popcorn fodder and it delivers in kaiju-sized quantities.
Nobody goes to a movie like Rampage for the poetry, but truly this is a terrible screenplay, credited to four writers and tonally all over the place.
At times, Rampage almost hides its problems. It's just funny enough, just exciting enough and just visually impressive enough. What it never is, though, is anything more than just enough.
As for Mr. Johnson, one hesitates to level a charge of "phoning it in" against him. He's a generally reliable performer, but I have to say it seems he had less fun here than he did in the recent Jumanji.
"Rampage" is a CGI wonder with little plot and a whole lot of awful cliches and bad dialogue.
Though it shows the occasional blip of rollicking good camp and goofy charm, it primarily takes itself far too seriously for its own good.
Only two things need to be said about Rampage: It's really terrible, and I enjoyed it immensely.
Rampage isn't cause for wild celebration, but with its bright, coherent FX -- rare in this genre -- and one deliriously fun supporting performance, it's better than it has any business being.
And it is exactly how these big, thick destruction films should be done: the script is boisterously funny, the action sequences have real flair and sweep, and the central human-primate friendship is even quite moving at points.
It is entertainingly over the top, although perhaps the CGI work isn't quite out of the top drawer.
It's too bad that everything is taken from what must be a scriptwriting program labeled "Generic Action/Sci-Fi Blockbuster."
'Rampage' is (by default, perhaps) the best video game movie ever made.
I honestly want to be a Dwayne Johnson fan, but the guy doesn't make it easy.
Watching it, you can imagine the creative team straining to adequately acknowledge the source material, but they would have been better off starting from scratch.
There is always a place for vacuous, throwaway entertainment of this nature, but Johnson has outgrown endeavours of this mediocre quality.
Who was it - Socrates maybe, or Snooki from Jersey Shore? - who said that the most important thing in life is to know thyself? Rampage knows itself.
What's the difference between Dwayne Johnson and an 800-tonne computer-generated gorilla called George? To be brutally honest, the gorilla is a better actor - or at least, his creators have given him a greater range of expressions.
Although their spectacular clashes provide most of the movie's visual thrills, the escalating conflict between George and Davis remains the principal narrative dynamic.
The movie is as hollow as a chocolate bunny.
It's all a hoot, energetically directed by Brad Peyton (now on his third film with Johnson) and filled with inventive special effects that turn downtown Chicago into a jungle gym for the towering creatures.
I'm not terribly convinced that the overtly campy version of this film would be any better, but I'm very certain that this one is bad.
While surprisingly dark and a smidgen too earnest at times, Rampage wraps silly spectacle around its emotional core: a bromance between man and beast.
When all is dust, and our descendants are puzzling over the relics of our civilisation, it may take some time to unpick the logic behind the deafening new comedy blockbuster, Rampage.
Not only breathtaking stunts but perfect comedic timing from a beefy action star at the top of his game!

@highlight

Rampage isn't as fun as its source material, but the movie's sheer button-mashing abandon might satisfy audiences in the mood for a brainless blockbuster.