That a movie can inspire smirks in the same scene where a potential predator is seen scuba diving in the community swimming pool underneath hundreds of young children is one of the most notable feats of any modern motion picture.
Playing up her sturdiness, her furry dark brows and the wiry unruliness of her old-gold hair, Winslet is the best Emma Bovary I've seen-even if she's named Sarah, not Emma.
More than just another dissection of suburban sexual frustration, its concern with children, parents and those of us who lie somewhere in-between make Little Children a minor masterpiece.
It's not necessarily a cautionary tale, but more a look within a surface utopia that doesn't really exist.
As commentary on our time, it may be accurate. As movie drama, it isn't so much overheated as reheated in the microwave on high.
Its antiseptic textures merely whimper 'Oscar clip'
Bereft of a protagonist, the movie breaks down under the weight of absurd voice-over narration and an exploitative ending that is as indefensibly wrongheaded as it is cheap.
Blame Field (remember, Perrotta also wrote the knifelike Election), for facing the material too squarely.
A risky and rewarding art film, but definitely for grown-ups.
Little Children is about as close as a movie can get to literature %u2014 rich, nuanced, erudite and multi-layered.
The leads are self-delusional, secretive, dependent, nakedly desperate at times, and all fascinating.
The film is populated with such self-obsessed, distasteful characters, it's hard to care how or why any of them finds happiness.
Provides a taut commentary on hypocrisy, human interaction, and the lies we tell ourselves...
predstavlja upravo ono %u0161to bi "ozbiljni" holivudski film trebao biti
Peyton Place with a perv!
...a flawed work that sparkles only sporadically.
The success Fields has with this film comes through the uncomfortable intersection between comedy, melodrama and tragedy. Oh, and romance.
Little Children's stone-cold suburbia reaches for Kubrick, but is also half Spielberg.
Un drama inteligente, tenso y reflexivo sobre la insatisfacción, el deseo, la infidelidad y las perversiones de un puñado de habitantes suburbanos. Excelente dirección y elenco.
Field directs all this with a restraint that sometimes verges on the dry, but there's little doubt the film builds to a shattering climax.
While Little Children is replete with powerful moments and strong performances (particularly by erstwhile Bad News Bear Jackie Earle Hayley), it never quite adds up.
O filme de Todd Field ilustra nosso eterno despreparo para lidar com as grandes questões da vida ou mesmo com nossos menores impulsos.
The film displays a certain kinship with Sam Mendes's American Beauty, but Field is more tragedian than social satirist.
It had me at hello... and kept me for a long time, and then lost me in its final moments.
Little children wake and listen
A compelling snapshot of the suburbs as a hamster-like habitat that is not unlike high school: a place where individuality is emasculated, freedom is an illusion and youthful innocence only lasts as long as it takes to come to your senses.
The complexity of the relationships is meticulously portrayed, although at times overly earnest. Nonetheless, it's a powerful piece of cinema and one that reverberates and impacts by its themes.
it's a marvelously complex piece of work... there's an uneasy undercurrent running through the movie that keeps it from becoming just another skin-deep spoof of suburbia.
As the deranged and tortured Ronald, Jackie Earle Haley is appallingly creepy, meaning he's perfect. His unstable character lingers in your mind. While you're watching, he seems to be a dirty bomb of perverse violence.
A sharply observed and brilliantly acted study of American suburban life.
A great movie that misses the mark a little, but provides plenty of drama, depth, entertainment value and questions to ponder.
from the film's opening scene when an ill-advised and badly used omniscient narrator is employed, I was squirming in my seat and checking my watch. ... LITTLE CHILDREN runs on too long at close to two and a half hours.There are many sequences that are ext
Richly textured... The entire cast is superb.
Is Ronnie the "good boy" his mother begs him to be, or is he really the monster people believe he is. That you can never really tell is a testament to Haley's talent.
Little Children casts a bizarre light on people who seem to be such normal Americans that they could be extras in a Chevy commercial.
[The] performances help director Todd Field (In the Bedroom) calibrate a masterful mix of humor, tragedy and heavy stylization.
Led by illicit passions, the characters cross paths in unpredictable and shocking fashions, as Little Children builds to an astonishing finale. There's not a bad performance in the film, and Winslet, Haley and Emmerich are especially brilliant.
Little Children is disturbing and smart and the best satire of modern American suburbia since American Beauty.
Well-acted and meticulously crafted, Little Children can feel less like a full-blooded representation of life than a disquieting literary exercise.
I didn't like any of these characters, but I kept pulling for them anyway -- right up to the shock-o-riffic ending, when I felt I'd been sucker-punched.
As in Field's first film, the characters are drawn with such compassion their follies become our own and their desires seem as vast as the night sky.
[Little Children] benefits from mostly good acting but is not recommendable on any other level.
Downright chilling in the way it dissects the ins and outs of suburban life ... with shattering precision, like an anthropologist looking in from the outside.
Perhaps most satisfying when viewed as a particularly fraught, literate and beautifully acted soap opera; no doubt the movie's East Wyndham, Mass., is located on the same commuter train line that serves Peyton Place and Wisteria Lane.
A wonderfully impulsive, engrossing journey of lustful temptation and an engaging snapshot of fixation.
Field has merely looked down upon people trying to make sense of their lives, and judged them unworthy.
Little Children includes all the clichéd scenarios of a midday TV sudser, but they're ratcheted up several seedy degrees.
Filmmaker Todd Field seems to have completely missed the point of his source material, Tom Perrotta's tale of suburban angst, longing and temptation, which is at least slightly a parody.
A beautifully observed, profoundly moving tale of suburban malaise.
Unexpected compassion is one of the few hopeful things in Little Children, which will not be easy for moviegoers to shake. I saw it three months ago and I'm still chewing over its central irony.
The bulky melodrama spreads throughout the last half of the film like an acrid and unromantic miasma or like the shards of shattered marriage vows cast helter-skelter into an unknowable future.
Little Children is intentionally very literary, with narration that sometimes substitutes for dialogue and a symmetrical structure.
Little Children is outstanding and I think it will be one of those films that people don't really recognize it's greatness until a few years down the road.
A perfect companion piece to American Beauty, and just as good.
Little Children is a fable, complete with a full throated narrator and Aesopesque moral. It teaches its lesson almost like one that would be taught to children - with extreme scenarios and exaggerated characterizations.
The success Fields has with this film comes through the uncomfortable intersection between comedy, melodrama and tragedy. Oh, and romance.
Sure to raise heckles in the tabloid press, this is complex, thought-provoking cinema.
Little Children is neither a sitcom nor a melodrama. Instead, it feels like real life, inhabited by real people with real problems. If this story actually happened, this is exactly how it would go down.
An honest look at infidelity and its ramifications. Clearly one of the best of the year with multiple Oscar-caliber performances, especially by the brilliant Kate Winslet.
An honest film with believable characters that does not depend on arbitrary or unlikely plot developments to achieve dramatic tension.
One of the very best movies of the year, Little Children is a gripping romantic tragedy.
Atmospheric in moodiness and sporting an underlying chilliness, Little Children resonates with a convincing sense of pathos in desperation and bewilderment.
A slow-paced bourgeois melodrama.
Little Children refers not only to the kids that the parents worry about but also to the adults who often behave immaturely.
Little Children is something of a head-scratcher. A time-released head-scratcher. And that's a good thing.
The result is a film that skirts cruelty and easy satire for deep, troubling realities -- a nearly thorough triumph, in short.
Little Children slowly loses its grip, becoming just another story about infidelity, albeit an exceptionally polished, well-acted one.
The performances here are phenomenal.
... not entirely sure what it wants to be.
... it's as absorbing as a train wreck, and its brand of heavy drama is so rare in movies these days that everything about it seems amazingly fresh.
Hypnotic in its appeal, devastating in its approach, ruefully acted, and bravely narrated. One of the year's best.
It's a beautifully insightful story co-written by Field and Tom Perrotta (based on his novel) that is sometimes unsettling but always engrossing, and ultimately heart-warming.
A well-observed witty and finally devastating portrayal of suburban anxiety which will resonate with audiences everywhere.
There are plenty of laughs and plenty of shocks, though, and plenty of shifts of narrative viewpoint within the ensemble to keep you on your toes.
Little Children is a movie that defies easy categorisation. It's not quite a drama, not quite a love story, not quite a black comedy but rather a little of all three rolled together.
Besides Winslet, the actor most deserving of Oscar recognition is Jackie Earle Haley as the despised Ronald James McGorvey.
The unrestrained (and rather excellent) trailer for Todd Field's Little Children would have us believe that the Whore of Babylon (possibly Kate Winslet) is coming for us on NJ Transit, with Pandora's Box in hand.
Impressively directed, sharply written and beautifully shot drama with superb performances from the entire cast.
Little Children ultimately seems to display the conformity to convention that so alarms its central characters.
Field skillfully weaves wry humor, absorbing drama, and nerve-wracking suspense in a style that reflects the influence of Stanley Kubrick.
That the narration and Field's God's-eye camera draw attention to the film's form doesn't detract from its function: to give us that 'second' in the mirror...
Kate Winslet is damn hot. That, and just about the best actress in film today.
Presenting sunny suburbia as having a dark side is not a new tactic, but Fields and company present this grim, smirking fable with refreshing ingenuity.
Seldom these days does one encounter such an intricate narrative so persuasively performed by the entire cast, most notably by Ms. Winslet and Mr. Wilson as the adulterous lovers.
Beautifully crafted, sharply funny and emotionally piercing, all at once.
In a world where you don't always get what you want, when happiness seekers get a chance at an adventure, they jump at it, no matter where it leads.
Lesser actors would suffocate under director Todd Field's stringent formalism... so it's a good thing he's got the amazing Kate Winslet giving the performance of her already brilliant career.
Field and Perrotta find the humour in human foibles, but it is the drama of humdrum lives that draws their fascination and sympathy. And in Winslet and Wilson, they have found a most fascinating pair.
Filled with moments of painful revelation, real comedy and emotional insight.
This is one of those films that sneaks up on you and offers some wonderful surprises in storytelling and performance -- and the performances are truly astounding, particularly from Winslet and Haley.
To these disappointed eyes, Little Children seems a frustrating mess.
A small wonder of a movie that puts its characters in playground swings and then gives them a push. Watch them fly this way and that, dangling between peril and ecstasy. And see if you don't recognize yourself.
A film you watch with mounting dread, yet cannot tear yourself away from: It's paced like a thriller with the timing of a smart comic.
What Little Children understands so well, and so poignantly, is a kind of parental existentialism that hits 30- somethings with kids: How does having children make you such a less interesting adult?
It is a shrewd, darkly humorous look at supposed civility, at the ways in which we allow ourselves to settle and a rare depiction of motherhood as a less-than-awesome experience.
There's enough good work here to make it worth a look.
Finally, here's a film that embraces human nature instead of twisting it into something ridiculously palatable.
Director and co-writer Todd Field establishes some very nontraditional premises, both stylistic and emotional, that give his film -- based on a novel by Tom Perrotta, who collaborated on the screenplay -- a creepy, hypnotic edge.
Tonal inconsistencies don't blunt the keenness of its satire, so sharp that I walked out with emotional razor burn.
The main reason to watch is Winslet, who brings flesh-and-blood dimension to Perrotta's central character.
The real force of the movie is its compassion, which is so all encompassing as to be almost religious in nature. Field doesn't turn away from anyone's flaws, and he's always multidimensional in his viewpoint.
A hugely absorbing social drama that is, by turns, excruciating, sad and sardonic.
Unnervingly good, Little Children is one of the rare American films about adultery that feels right -- dangerous, hushed, immediate -- even when the sex takes a back seat to other longings.
Complicated, involving and just plain smart, Children is the kind of movie that worms its way back into your head days after you've seen it.
...there is some sharp observational comedy here and some painful, truthful drama, but they always seem at odds.
It strikes such a strongly resonant chord that it's often difficult to watch, but we can't turn away.
It is only once the end credits have begun to roll that you step back, process what you have seen, and leave dissatisfied.
This is a pitch-perfect slice of dark suburban life.
Field is a rare American director who appreciates the virtues of breathing room: he allows scenes to develop in their own sweet time, trusting that we will find the undercurrents of human behavior as fascinating as he does.
As a husband obsessed with porn, Gregg Edelman enacts one of the more interesting instances of masturbation in the history of the cinema.
Relentlessly picks at scabs of domestic bliss that conceal sorrow, betrayal and futile fulfillment.
If Little Children is pedantic and sometimes smug in its judgments, it is also painful.
Its dry-wit richness derives from every actor living up to the emotionally juicy opportunities furnished by the off-beat nature of the script and Field's wizardly direction.
The sexual awakening of a disappointed wife may seem like an old movie turn, but when has it been done with such candor?
As raw, rich and edgy as it gets.
Best drama of the year
Genuinely unsettling.
Once again, Field has crafted a grown-up movie that grabs you by the throat, drags you in and doesn't let you go until the very bitter end.
Field and Perrotta share a real affection for even their most thwarted and self-deluded characters.
Expertly juggling the film's quicksilver shifts in tone from pitch-black comedy to domestic drama to emotionally acute character study, Field directs with an assurance that belies his relative inexperience behind the camera.
Field knows how to create a world.
Every character except the kids is severely flawed, but so deep are the roots Perrotta has created that you wish everyone well -- even the sex offender.
Built from a perfect story-telling collaboration.
Auteur Todd Field and co-writer Tom Perrotta have created a group of some of the most unsympathetic characters to ever blight movie screen.
Although thought-provoking and full of outstanding performances, Little Children still can't escape a little of the same ambivalence that traps its suburban characters.
Don't worry, all sins are judged in the movie's last act in the most annoying way possible.
There's something about the frustrations of middle class citizens trapped in suburbia that seems both profound and profoundly trivial, and that's reflected in the tone.
This is a story that cuts through lost youth, actual youth and youth suspended through psychosexual disorders that mentally draw such people to their own kind.
An engaging tale of middle-class suburbia, with its attendant fears, yearnings and rushes to judgment.
Unnervingly funny and quietly devastating.
One of the few films I can think of that examines the baffling combination of smugness, self-abnegation, ceremonial deference and status anxiety that characterizes middle-class Gen X parenting, and find sheer, white-knuckled terror at its core.
There's enough humanity exhibited in Little Children to forgive its occasional submission to wanton excess.
Although some of the actors are terrific, especially Winslet, Haley, Adams, and Phyllis Somerville as Ronald's loving mother, their work is undercut by the film's attitude of smirky superiority toward its characters. The superiority is unearned.
It's an odd film, with a wryly intrusive, deep-voiced narrator who appears to be standing just behind the screen reading excerpts from the novel.
Little Children [is] a jolting, artfully made drama set in and around a suburban playground somewhere between American Beauty and In the Bedroom on America's psychic highay...
If this is an example of suburban living, I'll take NY. A riveting film.
The main story deals with Sarah and Brad, but the other characters are given existences of their own, which is rare in motion pictures, and Little Children is richer for it.
may not be the great follow-up we wanted after In the Bedroom, but it still verifies that the skill he showed there is no fluke
Wilson's overgrown adolescent, Winslet's bored, discontented wife and Haley's creepy, self-loathing sex offender are complex, deeply flawed characters -- they're the 'little children.'
As Little Children skitters along, it gathers weight, like a snowball, until it finally knocks you cold.
Magnetic, a movie that manages to be artistic and entertaining all at once.
Little Children is bursting with fantastic performances, filled with great and often hilarious dialogue, structured with layer upon layer of resonant meaning and shot with gorgeous, masterful camerawork. The film works on every single level.
Seems terribly confused about whether it wants to be literary drama or out-and-out satire.
A rich, textured character piece that maintains the quirkiness of the novel, but loses a bit in its oddly slow pacing.
I'm sorry, an interesting premise, a keen eye and a veneer of emotional seriousness are not enough.
Todd Fields' superb film adaptation of the novel by Tom Perrotta result is challenging, accessible and hard to stop thinking about.
One of the most original and nuanced suburban dramas ever to grace the screen; it explores the complexity and intensity of yearning.
From start to finish, it is artistic, viable, wry and wrenching.
At its heart, this is a story about the way we judge others, the way others judge us, and the way we judge ourselves.
Suburbia continues to serve as the dartboard of choice for filmmakers bent on demonstrating their urbane superiority to the dull denizens of tract housing.
'Little Children' sometimes trivializes what deserves serious treatment.
In requiring only passivity from its audience, whom it shovel-feeds faux-erudite lessons, it's the Academy Award-baiting version of Don't Ask, Just Tell cinema.
Every so often a film happens along that defines its times. Once of these is Little Children, in which middle America and its suburban mores and fears fall under the acerbic gaze of Todd Field.
An across-the-board stunner.
This should be an Oscar contender across the board.
A deftly made, emotionally acute and at times a tad fastidious examination of cracks in middle-class American family life.
Compelling in the way it explores the notion that adults always cruelly use children for their own ends.
It is hard to figure out where to start discussing Little Children. It is easy enough to say that it is the best American film of 2006 to date, since it is.
Field offers a darkly humorous view of American suburbanites whose paths crisscross in unexpected ways. It's a classic anatomy of individual and community in contempo American life.



@highlight

Little Children takes a penetrating look at suburbia and its flawed individuals with an unflinching yet humane eye.