In writer/director Nicole Holofcener's crisp, poignant and funny new movie, Kipling's "white man's burden" has evolved into the liberal woman's guilt.
In another director's hands, this subject might have been rife with sanctimony. Instead, Holofcener has made a sly, urbane comedy with several smart actresses who make her acerbic dialogue lively and believable, character-driven.
Funny at times, Please Give is a surprisingly heartwarming coming-of-age film for six adults all passing through different stages of heir life.
You have to be smart and funny and really aware of yourself to write and direct a film like this, which is exactly what director Nicole Holofcener is.
Doesn't have much plot, just characters interacting and developing, and its lack of a need for drama is refreshing.
Its conclusions are thoughtful and non-judgmental; satisfying even if it pulls a few punches.
Holofcener takes pretty much everything you're not supposed to talk about at a dinner party and spins it into a ruefully awkward, bone-dry comedy.
The film is more emotionally incisive than it initially appears to be, but equally it ties together a little too neatly when it already has such a concise running time.
Keener never lets us lose sight of something possibly redeemable about Kate, a move which ultimately saves her performance from lapsing into an easy social caricature.
Please Give isn't laugh-out-loud funny, it is witty and clever-a pleasing tale where not much happens, but spending time with the film's characters is enough.
The main problem with the film, though, is that it seems to assume that self-obsessed and charmless people are automatically interesting - just for being people. There's definitely a flaw in that logic.
It's involving and often gripping with wonderful performances by a top cast, although the sum of its parts is less than the story as a whole
The film lives at that uneasy intersection between affluence and compassion, where the well-meaning well-to-do try to figure out how much of their wealth they need to give away to make a difference.
Writer-director Nicole Holofcener seems to get better with every film, and now she's cruising along the well-trodden path of neurotic New Yorker comedy-drama with grace and comely confidence.
Please Give is quintessential Holofcener -- a loopy, episodic ensemble story of women dealing with marriage, money and men, but it's also her smartest, most disciplined movie to date.
Keener, one of the most reliably entertaining actresses currently working, specializes in sardonic, flawed characters -- a perfect fit for Holofcener's image of the modern American woman.
Holofcener writes, and helps to shape on-screen, characters we often don't even like, and what do we do? We invite them home with us. Talk about a soft touch.
A stroll with these characters is a refreshing break from from the usual film exercises.
Keener has become Holofcener's artistic alter ego. In Please Give, the sharp-eyed filmmaker sends her vibrant representative out into the world to explore what it means for a woman to be lucky and still feel itchy.
The acting quality is strong, especially from the ever-reliable Catherine Keener as Kate, but it's almost impossible to care about her character's dilemmas.
Nicole Holofcener, who writes the most interesting female characters in the movies, delivers another dazzling role to her muse, Catherine Keener, in Please Give, a delightfully dry dramedy about guilt.
Life-goes-on movies usually don't electrify the senses, but this one stimulates moral imagination.
Wryly humane
It is well-observed but morally stunted, in that it suggests that charity is just another form of self-medication
A well-written, well-acted dramatic comedy that is light on plot but generous in spirit.
Touching: that's what makes Holofcener's films so lovely. They are beady-eyed satires, sure, but they're also fundamentally kind-hearted.
This is a small film, which, if you're open to it, will draw you into the lives of people you quickly forget are fictional.
It sparks laughter by crossing the wires of human motivation, letting you see the hazards that exist in trying to be a good person.
Writer-director Holofcener cleverly keeps the emotions gurgling right under the surface of this engaging interpersonal comedy. It's more about smiles than laughing out loud, but the superior cast members get terrific characters to play with.
As Holofcener charts the telling little developments in these randomly connected lives the film offers wry smiles, smart repartee, mild whimsy and some plaintive, poignant moments.
A spiky, sophisticated, grown-up comedy...
In both Please Give and Friends with Money, she wrestles with our all-to-human desire for nice things but judiciously avoids ridiculing her characters for sharing a longing that is as universal as it is regrettable.
This plot less movie lacks any momentum and you get no feeling of empathy or sympathy for any of the characters. The ensemble acting is sound with Guilbert standing out with a nostalgic trip down memory lane for viewers.
Ms. Holofcener's observant talky comedy resonates with plenty of oomph as a believable modern-day fable about urban life.
Nicole Holofcener creates open-ended characters whose ordinary lives are so fascinating that when the credits roll you're wondering why Transformers gets a sequel and not them.
Compare these wonderfully flawed, beautifully insecure and wholly believable characters with the preprogrammed mannequins seen in such chowderheaded efforts as, say, The Back-Up Plan or Killers, and the contrast is startling.
Real joys and sorrows must be bigger and deeper than this.
It ends with this exchange: 'Thank You.' 'You're welcome.' How often do those simple words carry weight in a movie? At that moment, I loved those characters, and I loved this movie.
an Upper East Side slice of navel gazing
Nicole Holofcener's lovely Please Give is a small, modest movie, full of the sort of characters we might know, or be.
If you're hoping for huge dramatic payoff or more than mild laughs from cynically satisfying script, then you're panhandling without a Styrofoam cup.
Funny yet emotional, tragic yet full of hope, this is the type of character-driven story theatergoers could use to see more of, and as like as Holofcener is around here's hope more is exactly what it is we are going to get.
Comes close to justifying the praise it has received -- close, but not entirely.
Holofcener allows her strong ensemble room to really explore their characters. Keener and Hall are the obvious standouts, but fresh-faced Sarah Steele is particularly good in support, as Kate's teenage daughter.
Nothing earth-shaking goes on here, and Holofcener has the good sense not to make her issues seem all that important. This is a lightweight comedy about mostly likable people who are a bit too wrapped up in self-analysis.
Three dimensional characters, direct no nonsense dialogue and a dry sense of humour combine to create an understated thoroughly enjoyable feel-good film that leaves viewers with an invisible glow.
Here's a sentence I've typed before: Rebecca Hall is the best thing about this movie. The British actress raises the level of every production she touches.
Director/writer Nicole Holofcener goes back east for Please Give. It is an auspicious move.
Maybe things get worse, but movies like this at least make it easier to handle.
There's the rare occasion where the boldness of the dialogue is laid on a little thick and it drags you out of the moment, but it doesn't happen often, and the odd excess is more than forgiveable given just how well the rest of the film works.
Trifles, trivialities, frippery and froth. We've got plenty of words to describe things that don't matter. And now, we also have a film. Please Give.
Beautifully played and sharply-written, the pleasures on offer here are apparently throwaway but the authenticity of the characters freights the story with a light-hearted realism.
Holofcener's biggest ally against nauseating self-pity is Keener, her screen alter ego.
Smart and touching, this is a must for lovers of human drama.
Keener manages to flesh out her character more deeply than the sometimes stage-rash behavior Holofcener demands.
Starved for whip-smart dialogue and characters who don't behave as though they've just stepped out of a cartoon? Holofcener's latest is guaranteed to please. Give it a look.
Enjoyable, emotionally engaging comedy-drama from writer-director Nicole Holofcener, featuring a sharply written script, likeable characters and terrific performances from a talented ensemble cast.
Exploring class, generations and misbehaving bodies, Holofcener's dramedy refines its character studies with warmth and wit as she creates warts-and-all individuals whose flawed humanity we warm to.
An indie with real pedigree and smarts, Holofcener's comedy of manners is well-observered and well worth watching.
Happily, the joy outweighs the guilt.
In Please Give, Keener is at her best. Let's hope her creative partnership with Holofcener continues.
While Please Give is a film about conscience, it's also slyly funny, with piercing moments of insight and warmth.
In a Holofcener film, the usual rules of screenwriting do not apply, which lends her work a lifelike quality that's particularly refreshing in this era of formulaic remakes and sequels.
Give thrives because of these professional efforts, which help to mold something strangely poignant and thrillingly neurotic out of a plot that should rightfully be nothing more than a cinematic air horn.
[The script is] sharp and witty, but never forced, and features some of the best pure dialogue you'll hear this year.
A tremendous leap forward for filmmaker Nicole Holofcener...
Nicole Holofcener is frequently lauded for writing vivid female characters, but such praise doesn't really do justice to her full game.
Touching, intelligent and full of charm and wit.
Please Give is an almost perfectly rendered slice of life, buoyant with wonderful performances.
While the characters contend with their precarious self-images, we can't help but reflect on ourselves as well. To borrow a cautionary phrase about that mirror: 'Objects may appear closer than they are.'
There are laughs and moments of pain and many instances of embarrassing (and deeply human) behavior throughout, but there's also delicacy and grace...
A funny and pointed take of class anxieties from the Woody Allen school
Nobody loves messy, human imperfections quite like writer-director Nicole Holofcener.
The characters and their varying viewpoints on the haves and have-nots are entertaining and thought-provoking.
There's no movie around right now with a subject more pertinent. It'll hit you hard.
Please Give is one of those movies that can be enjoyed simply for its funny portraits of human foibles and fumbling grasps at intimacy -- but it's also deceivingly profound.
It's a movie about guilt and family and what we mean when we say something is valuable, all of which are great subjects.
Holofcener hasn't made a great movie yet, but she hasn't created any bad ones, and her gentle humanism is to be cherished.
Some filmmakers make movies that hold up a mirror to nature. Nicole Holofcener makes seriocomedies that hold up a magnifying glass to human nature.
The film's premise yields a story that's insightful and engaging while touching on many other matters of love and money.
The combination of good-nature and light snark [make] Please Give maybe the strongest film of Holofcener's career.
There's nothing wrong with asking audiences to make up their own minds, but Please Give doesn't even ask.
It's a wonderful movie full of people you wish you knew in real life, and like most of Holofcener's movies, it's a remarkable combination of comedy and tragedy.
Please Give is a series of such set-piece scenes, a breezy, though not negligible, exploration of the contest between avarice and empathy.
Only Rebecca Hall comes through with a genuineness that rises above Holofcener's doodlings.
Please Give proves that a film can be a spectacularly rewarding experience by just providing time spent with well-written, believable adult characters.
It recognizes that a film about unpleasant people need not be unpleasant itself as long as it remembers not to make them uninteresting as well.
As she has in four previous films, Holofcener smartly relies on Keener's talent to create a layered character who is neurotic and often inappropriate, but still good at her core.
Far from challenging, the film consoles the complacent, saying basically that you can do whatever you want, so long as you feel (or pretend to feel) a little guilty about it.
Holofcener has sprinkled in quite a lot of humor, without which the film may have been too overbearing. But it's not, and we enjoy the characters, partly because, in this 90 minute effort, they don't wear out their welcome.
Yet another ramble through the tiny world of the affluent and the idle, a particular fascination of Holofcener's. The only difference this time is the increased emphasis on morbidity.
While Holofcener's scenes are profoundly accurate and wildly amusing, they hit home like a sledge hammer to those of us who share these feelings.
Forget the dreaded "Sex and the City 2." Holofcener's wonderful new film about mammograms, marriage, infidelity, child-rearing and waiting for the old lady next door to die so you can buy her sprawling, pre-WWII apartment is the most sophisticated America
Please Give is a moral comedy that feels at times like one of the late Eric Rohmer's deceptively breezy miniatures, or a mid-period Woody Allen movie minus the fussiness.
In its casual, disarming way, it's as deep and as grand a film as you'll find
Holofcener explores the contemporary female experience with a camera that is at once empathetic and merciless.
This is one of those rare movies that made me want to thank the person who did it.
The movie is about imperfect characters in a difficult world, who mostly do the best they can under the circumstances, but not always. Do you realize what a revolutionary approach that is for a movie these days?
Don't be put off by the bitchy-familiar chick-flick wrapper. This one's a keeper.
Funny and heartbreaking.
[Although] I think Holofcener's work is always interesting, I think this is the least satisfying of all her films I've seen.
Brutally honest about the way people behave, and often devastatingly funny in its observations.
Fleetingly amusing, charming and harmless with a terrific cast, but often meanders, lacks bite, and unevenly juggles comedy, drama and romance.
Holofcener's touch isn't light, but it is funny in its exploration of materialism and guilt, vanity and aging.
One of the best movies of the year so far. An insightful, darkly funny and multi-layered character study about class and family.
Few American filmmakers create female characters as realistically funny, attractively imperfect and flat-out annoying as does Ms. Holofcener.
Hardly a treasure, but it offers some modest rewards.
Two possible ways of regarding Please Give: It's shallow. Or maybe it's deeply shallow.
If giving is always a relationship, giving also entails taking, whether in business, romance or family interactions.
Please Give is Holofcener's best movie to date. The slender plot presents itself without fuss, a slice of Manhattan life, a la Woody Allen's early, most engaging work.
This gorgeous film, always tender and sometimes dark, is a deeply resonant comic drama that's concerned with nothing less than life, death, love, sex, guilt and the urban logic of mortality.
Such fine-tuned observation requires the ideal interpreter. Keener has always been Holofcener's muse, and once again offers the sort of fully crafted portrait that reminds us how shallow most movies really are.
With her new film, the poignant and funny Please Give, Holofcener is at the top of her game.
Sometimes -- and far too rarely -- a film will hit all the right notes, with sharp, original dialogue, brilliant casting and an absorbing story. So caught up in its spell, you dread seeing the credits roll. Please Give is that movie.
Listening to the banter in Please Give feels like eavesdropping on natural conversations, shaped and selected by a skilled storyteller.
With the romantic notion of the deceased 'haunting' their furniture..., the director at once adds some ethereal spirituality and an earthbound connection between people and their possessions.
Keener, Peet, and Hall are so strong, so empathetic even at their weakes
Some people might find it distasteful to make a movie about guilty rich folks who give themselves permission to splurge. Others will rightly appreciate the honesty.
Holofcener's deliciously understated film takes a miniaturist's pleasure in getting the details right.
Please Give is specific about its middle-class, white, Manhattan characters but it's also universal in the way one social class' anxieties are understood rather than simply celebrated.
One of the best movies ever about guilt as the guardian of our goodness and a sign of our yearning to belong to the larger world.
[Holofcener] has real sympathy -- characters that might have been brittle, mockable creations in another writer-director's hands gain resonance here.
At a time when every penny counts, where do they come up with the money to finance a movie this boring?
Holofcener's humorous interest in yupscale entitlem.ent and its discontents mark her as a descendant of Woody Allen
The fourth teaming of gifted indie filmmaker Holofcener and talented actress Keener is a timely, sharply observed, femme-driven serio-comedy about postmodern capitalistic lifestyles with all their joys, guilts, complexities and contradictions.
Ah, the guilt of the privileged.
An engagingly high-strung comedy about lack of empathy and the gnawing guilt that can attend it.
It's a tricky kind of social satire, its possibly cloying self-absorption cut only by some winningly awkward characters.
Solid ensemble work with an especially good Catherine Keener.
A witty and observant comedy of manners, Please Give is another understated gem from writer-director Nicole Holofcener.
Of a piece with Nicole Holofcener's three other films -- talky, urbane ensemble flicks that elicit quiet but deeply sincere smiles and laughs, and just as often showcase hushed moments of pinprick vulnerability.
The tone is low-key but very funny. Yet, at the same time, the film also manages to have a sardonic edge.
Holofcener always gives us more to chew on than originally meets the eye in her films and she writes female characters with an intelligence, sensitivity and realism that blows the Sex and the City foursome away any day of the week.
An edgy, somber, beautifully written Manhattan fable of guilt, shame, infidelity, death and real estate.
Like Holofcener's previous pictures, Please Give derives its narrative energy less from a series of plotted incidents than from its keenly observed interplay of clashing personality tics and worldviews.
A muted, almost Rohmer-like moral tale that doesn't quite dive deeply enough into its several characters.
Keener, Peet and Hall all shine as women plagued with self-doubt who respond to those insecurities in strikingly different ways.



@highlight

Nicole Holofcener's newest might seem slight in places, but its rendering of complex characters in a conflicted economic landscape is varied, natural, and touching all the same.