Man on a Ledge certainly has its moments and if you don't take it seriously it's good B-grade fun, but considering the calibre of cast and its novel idea, it doesn't live up to its potential.
They basically patch a narrative together by jacking the best moments from fun popcorn flicks like The Negotiator and Inside Man.
As befitting the blunt dullness of the title, it manages the neat trick of being curiously watchable without ever crossing the line into remotely interesting.
After an interesting guessing game in the first forty minutes, it slips and falls to a terrible and clichéd death.
This drama defies reason, logic and explanation but it can't defy gravity and ultimately falls flatly on its face.
"Man on a Ledge" is not a film that will change the way we look at thrillers, but it is a film that has enough thrills to provide for a very entertaining ride
Sam Worthington's Man On A Ledge is an absolute mess of a film, from start to finish. It's silly, dumb and ridiculous.
The fact that it works is nothing short of a miracle. ... The balance between genuine threat and B-Movie silliness is just about right.
Certainly enjoyable and occasionally tense despite some wobbly performances and plot holes.
...depending on your levels of credulity - and blood alcohol - it might just pass muster as a late-night six-pack flick.
It's pulp, airport fiction - the acting is mediocre, the characters are formulaic archetypes... but I didn't feel as if my time was wasted at all.
Man on a Ledge isn't a caper comedy. It's a heist picture, a thriller -- and a not-that-thrilling one at that. But the folks who made it have enough of a sense of humor to get how silly it is and run with that on occasion.
Man on a Ledge flirts with B-movie greatness but comes up short thanks to the far-fetched plot device used to power a clunky hybrid of heist flick/Hitchcockian wrong-man thriller.
... The ledge is the movie's most dynamic performer.
Here, Leth makes Worthington's ledge a constantly frightening gimmick and the pacing between scenes is so effective, you'd be on the edge of your seat if the film didn't constantly make you feel for the back of your chair.
a straight-up genre film with no ambition beyond keeping the audience minimally entertained with its workmanlike execution of a literally high-concept idea
Given that it stars action drone Sam Worthington, you'll be wishing they called it 'Man off a Ledge' before long.
Yep, there's a man on a ledge in it.
It's absolutely average. That's not exactly what you are looking for when your subject is about a man on a ledge.
From minute to minute it's ingenious, gripping stuff...
There's something endearingly deranged about Ed Harris's performance as a conniving businessman ( ... ) perhaps he realised that the film wasn't going to be as good as we hoped and that he might as well pretend he was related to John Malkovich.
[T]here is the problem of the man on the ledge being Sam Worthington... For the Great Mystery of Sam Worthington remains unsolved...: How is it that this guy is a movie star? He's got no screen presence, no charisma...
There's a professional slickness about the proceedings and it entertains for most of the time.
It doesn't spend enough time on its ledge to be the definitive 'jumper' movie the title promises, but it's a hoot if approached in the proper mood.
A joyfully silly thriller that won't win any awards for subtlety, but it already knows that.
Enjoyment of Man On A Ledge largely depends on whether you can suspend your disbelief from 21 storeys without it crashing to the ground.
Blunders aside, this is an otherwise enjoyably ridiculous caper...
Man On a Ledge might look like another preposterous heist thriller, but it's really a topical wish-fulfilment fantasy, in which the common man gets sweet revenge on the unscrupulous wealthy elite.
Vertigo sufferers and sticklers for plausibility will want to give Man on a Ledge a miss, but if you've a head for heights and a nonchalance about gimmicky plots then you'll probably get a rush from this contrived action thriller.
It's a long way down from starring in the biggest box office hit ever and Avatar's Sam Worthington is plummeting.
Most audience members will be rolling their eyes in disbelief. That's if they haven't already leapt from their seats and left the cinema.
Man On A Ledge is perfectly watchable and includes a niftily-filmed cemetery chase, but there's little here that we haven't seen before.
Yes, it's astoundingly stupid and full of rubbish characterisation and nonsense twists, but Man On A Ledge is harmless enough.
The ledge gives Worthington a run for his money. The giddy thrill of the story - perched high above the milling genre stereotypes - was grounded long ago.
Strictly for acrophobes with masochism.
The film's minor flaws, subtle self-mockery and irony work in its favour, bolstering the detailed observations and its characters' complexed anxieties.
...at its best when it's being sillier; you just have to wait a little while for the good stuff.
Pure excitement from beginning to end which means pure entertainment from beginning to end
A film that wins the award for the least creative title, Man on a Ledge evokes moments from better movies while forgetting to inject any originality or thrills in its worn out premise.
It's not as exciting as it should be but picks up towards the end and Ed Harris is fun as a property tycoon nasty.
While this won't be remembered as any kind of classic, it'll do until the next ledge-of-the-seat movie comes along.
"Man on a Ledge" goes splat! What else can you say about it? Paul Chambers, CNN.
While less than 'ledgendary' (groan), this movie delivers enough entertainment and excitement to pass muster for an escapist trip to the cinema.
Nicely paced and decently acted, Man on a Ledge delivers solid 'B' movie thrills for the most part, but it's also frequently ridiculous and it all falls apart in the final 15 minutes.
Action star Sam Worthington plays a disgraced cop threatening suicide from atop a hotel ledge, but we rapidly lose interest.
This embraces its own lunacy readily enough, never aiming for anything more than the disposable thrills it delivers thick and fast.
The solution to "now what do we do for 103 minutes?" is to pile as many silly distractions into the running time as possible.
Man on a Ledge is so tired and hackneyed and straight out of a bad 80s TV show that there's even scene where one of them has to disable a timer with seconds left and Worthington is yelling 'Don't cut the red wire'!
Asger Leth's "Man on a Ledge" does the kind of thing movies do well.
Contrived, cliche-riddled and far-fetched, twisting the fugitive-on-the-run forumula.
... an outlandish cock-and-bull story that would hardly pass a freshman screenwriting class, but somehow they pull it off ...
First excitement of 2012!
Diverting, but it's not just the ledge that's rickety here.
the energy level never quite gets the adrenaline pumping properly for a film so dependent on split-second timing and dire situations, but as escapist popcorn fare with pretty people and simple characters, it's not at all bad.
If you don't look up at him, maybe he'll go back inside.
click for full review at Movies for the Masses
The emotions this film generates would be more accurately encapsulated by calling it "Man on a Whoopee Cushion."
Moviegoers might be more inclined to side with street-level gawkers who want Nick to just take the plunge.
With its grab-you title and reliable star power, Man on a Ledge delivers what the high impact concept promises: high voltage tension
This is a ripper of a film that never runs out of puff
Congratulations are in order to director Asger Leth and screenwriter Pablo F. Fenjves for the ingenious storytelling in their joint feature film debuts. The superb editing and brisk pacing are additional strengths of the first must-see movie of 2012.
It's all fast-paced nonsense, easy to take but not quite engaging enough to warrant a night out at the movies. Yeah, best to wait for that DVD.
But the last third of the movie is a bona fide mess, idiocies of the script building beyond the breaking point leading to a climax that would have been better served to have been left on the cutting room floor.
'Man on a Ledge' is our first legit contender for Best Worst movie of the year.
It's not a great film, but it is entertaining pulp fiction...
As the pieces fall into place, it becomes less interesting and more contrived, until finally losing all semblance of believability.
...the movie takes its sweet time dolling out the twists, like a tree sloth hand-rolling pretzels.
Man on a Ledge isn't terrible but it isn't necessarily very good.
Harmless but brainless.
While the cast includes Ed "I'm Here to Save the Film" Harris, Kyra "I'm Here to Save the Film" Sedgwick and William "I'm Here to Save the Film" Sadler, none of them actually save the film.
Taut heist thriller is better than lame title suggests.
Worthington makes for a likable populist protagonist, even if his Australian accent betrays him on copious occasions, and Harris' disturbingly emaciated frame lends an added menace to his plutocrat villain.
'Man on a Ledge' is a film that was probably designed to be seen on an airplane, where you wouldn't care what it was about or that it was not very good but at least it passed the time.
He doesn't jump. By mid-film you'll wish he did or that you could.
A unbelievable thriller with a surfeit of unappealing characters.
My problem with Man on a Ledge is that once I understood the real storyline-the one hidden behind the flashy premise-I became impatient to see it resolved.
Ah, logic ... with this film, don't even try to exercise it. You might end up jumping off your own ledge.
A messy, poorly made thriller, in which you don't care if the hero (Sam Worthington) jumps or falls.
It wants to be a twisty-turny thriller but it is as straightforward as its title.
Since we're not allowed to engage with any of the characters, we're simply left to ponder why we're sitting through a Mission: Impossible wannabe while the real & superior thing is still playing next door (Full Content Parental Review also available)
You're never bored, but you're also aware of how much better it could be.
This is one of the few movies that, with its skyscraper action scenes, probably needed to be made in 3-D. As it is, though, it's barely in 2-D - and really, I'm not sure it needed to be made at all.
A breezy enough diversion with a couple of plot twists, some heist shenanigans, a hissable villain and much cheerfully gratuitous cheesecake.
The result is dumb, easy-to-swallow fun, more or less -- the sort of movie that makes people say, "Well, that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be."
I will say this for Man On A Ledge: most of the movie is indeed about a man on a ledge.
...a decent 22-minute television episode that's been unnaturally stretched into a full-length feature.
Certainly defies logic, but does find a way to hook the audience into wondering how this whole massive scheme is going to end.
There's no escaping the sheer terror of a guy standing on a ledge that high up. "Man on a Ledge" delivers the sweats it intends to deliver.
When an action movie is as clumsy as "Man on a Ledge," it's begging to fall.
A clumsily made thriller with very few thrills.
[A] jumble of cop- and heist-movie clichés, dotted with appearances by actors you liked in something else...
The ensemble cast has enough bravado and energy to keep us going to the climactic end.
Credibility takes a nose-dive long before its protagonist is separated from his perch.
Offers a multitude of examples of a screenwriter writing himself into a corner and left without any idea of how to get his characters out of it.
Dumb, easy-to-swallow fun, more or less - the sort of movie that makes people say, "Well, that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be."
This is basically an audience participation movie in which you go along for the ride, knowing that everything will work out just fine; good will triumph and evil will get its comeuppance.
The actual plot is ludicrous, as are the stunts, but the execution of it all is fun enough to watch
Here's hoping the ledge movement begins here and now, and historians look back on this great moment that started it all.
Formulaic to the point of boredom, "Man on a Ledge" is a ho-hum case of "Crime Caper 101" with a few decent set pieces to keep your attention.
The screenplay is so relentlessly stupid that watching this talented cast (including Ed Harris, Jamie Bell, and Elizabeth Banks) trying to duck its idiocies is painful.
Coming less than a month into the new year, prospective viewers would do wise to lower their expectations accordingly.
Man, could this movie have benefited from a little misdirection.
Ledge is best left hanging in the air, staying close to stationary characters. Once it starts down a dopey blockbuster route, it ceases to be of any entertainment value.
Man on a Ledge plunges into mediocrity
Nobody should be this hard up for entertainment.
The film succumbs to clichés, grows convoluted and outlandish, and winds up dead on arrival.
Things get so bad at points during 'Man on a Ledge' that you might be inclined to join the more nasty elements among the sidewalk onlookers and shout 'Jump already!'
"Man on a Ledge" doesn't aim high, but what it aims to do, it does.
What on earth led Danish documentarian Asger Leth ("The Five Obstructions") to choose this cheesy 'everything-but-the-kitchen-sink' action thriller...for his feature debut is more of a mystery than anything which happens on screen.
A movie that doesn't realize that it should have been a comedy.
Oh, that the actual human dynamics of the unfolding story could have been as dramatic, as on the edge as that ledge.
The movie works overtime to be crowd-pleasing, effectively using the tried-and-true tale of an innocent man wrongfully imprisoned thanks to the duplicity of the corrupt and powerful.
The mildly amiable Worthington is a stranger to star power, and putting him at the center of this picture is like building a fancy banquet around a main course of vanilla pudding.
En route to its kitchen-sink climax, "Man" manages to both amuse and provoke, to cleave to convention and promote ideas.
At the very least, Leth allows us to bask in the illusion that the movie's farfetched conclusion actually might make sense - until you start taking it apart, piece by piece, and realize that it's all utter ishkabibble.
a bit like Spike Lee's Inside Man remade by tourists
It sure is about a man on a ledge.
The film's descent into generic silliness feels more painful than it should for a late-January thriller.
The movie doesn't give an audience anything that makes sense. How does Harris smoke a cigar that appears to weigh more than he does? And whence is Worthington's accent?
In the end it's all much ado about not so much, a semifunctional thriller that tingles but never terrifies. Ledge schmedge.
This noirish thriller is as self-knowingly ludicrous and thoroughly enjoyable as Fritz Lang's Beyond a Reasonable Doubt or While the City Sleeps.
The movie stays aloft on the sparks provided by Banks, Ed Burns (playing a skeptical cop), Anthony Mackie (as a cop to be skeptical about) and particularly, Bell and Rodriguez.
Completely preposterous, relying on massively improbable twists of fate. The same few crooked cops are assigned to every major police action in the city of New York.
Wants to be a fun and zippy thriller, but the moving parts fit together a little too neatly.
"...it didn't entirely suck but sort of just petered out..."
Leth isn't very good with actors. I've never seen either Kyra Sedgwick, as a reporter, or Ed Harris, as a rich creep, this one-note or boring.
Like Cassidy, Leth never quite knows whether to jump or stand firm. Too often, he just winds up wobbling in the wind.
You sense that someone could have made a good movie with this material. Unfortunately, Leth didn't.
Man on a Ledge is the kind of movie where you need to check your brain at the door and enjoy a brief respite from reality.
Puts you on the ledge.
This thriller's twisty, predictable plot can't sustain its one-trick premise.
Man on a Ledge made me think of an old Van Halen song: Jump.
There's so little to this film that you've almost forgotten everything about it by the time the closing credits start to roll.
The time has come for Hollywood and Sam Worthington to shake hands, exchange pleasantries and go their separate ways.
You can say this for screenwriter Pablo F. Fenjves' story: It stays busy.
The movie cuts back and forth between two preposterous plot lines and uses the man on the ledge as a device to pump up the tension.
Noisy street crowds and an "Attica!" shoutout allude to Sidney Lumet's classic "Dog Day Afternoon," suggesting what "Ledge" director Asger Leth is hopelessly, vainly reaching for.
The film really lives or dies on the integrity of its plot mechanics, with nary a theme to subvert or exploit. And to that end, it winds up as a calamitous heap of mangled gears, snapped levers, and rusty springs.
For a film with such a straightforward title, Man on a Ledge turns out to be remarkably convoluted.
It's not a despicable film, to be sure, but it's a time-filler at best.
"Man on a Ledge" is so cliched and reheated, it almost feels like a parody of a generic action picture -- only no one seems to be in on the joke.
A machine calibrated to dole out twists and turns with clocklike precision, if not roller-coaster velocity.
After an hour of this malarkey, you're tempted to ask if there's room for one more on that ledge.
On balance, Man on a Ledge is fun, but I left the theater feeling disappointed and cheated, as if the filmmakers set me up for something great they ultimately couldn't deliver.
Beyond my Big Apple-centric nitpicking, the cheapness is soaked into the material and direction as well.
It plays out with the unfussed proceduralism of a network TV pilot.
Corny banter distracts from tension in this implausible thriller.
Trusting an action drone like Worthington to anchor the human drama is a fatal mistake.
With his pickled shark's smile, Harris is a welcome presence left with regrettably little to do.
Leth spins out the mystery quite effectively and while he's doing so introduces a number of other elements that keep the film entertaining.
This cloddishly contrived suspenser is too busy to bore, but too farfetched to thrill.
To his credit, director Asger Leth (Ghosts of Cite Soleil) gets right to the business at hand where the set-up is concerned, but it's in the execution that this would-be thriller falls flat.
Dumber than its title and less exciting than its poster, this spectacularly silly thriller starts with a sky-high concept and soon plummets towards preposterousness.


@highlight

Uninspired acting and preposterous plotlines defuse Man on a Ledge's mildly intriguing premise.