Pleasantly dull
It's a gift to be able to watch Redford and Fonda on screen together again. There's not much else to do but say thanks.
"Our Souls" is a welcome chance to see two wonderful actors bring out the best in each other.
Robert Redford and Jane Fonda are once again a couple, now as widowers... [Full review in Spanish]
Our Souls At Night is an important reminder that there are still plenty of stories worth telling in the twilight years of one's life.
'Our Souls at Night' - a sweet movie. Fonda and Redford work for me. They play their roles with style and grace in this romance not rushed for pace.
It's simple and just lovely.
The pleasure is in watching the straightforward, unfussy performances by two seasoned pros who know better than to push too hard.
Fonda-Redford delight in romance about grownups
Much of this is too hokey by half, yet the two leading actors, their skills unfaded, command your attention to the end.
Our Souls at Night would be worth watching even if it was just to see Redford and Fonda working together again, but thankfully it also serves as a gentle reminder that it's never too late to find love.
The screenplay unfolds in unhurried fashion, allowing us to spend quality time with two highly watchable movie stars. This is the allure of Our Souls at Night and anyone who thinks of that as a pleasurable experience will not be disappointed
It is a delicate, melancholy piece graced by two fine, understated performances and Fonda stands out as a practical, pragmatic woman who is not ready to give up on life just yet.
These are good people, and these are great actors portraying these good people, and if you not rooting for Louis and Addie to find comfort and love and peace with one another in their last years, then I just don't know what to tell you.
A contrived but surprisingly enjoyable return visit with two frequent co-stars and a few other wonderful actors.
Our Souls at Night is a small film, and it's often such a placid one that it feels like it's standing in place.
Those who stop to savor it could find themselves richly rewarded in witnessing this pair together again on screen.
A flawed yet ultimately lovely film centering on a mature romance and starring two icons.
As comforting, low-key and unfussy as your grandmother's tablecloth.
It is possibly too early in his career to tell, but there aren't many filmmakers who display in their films the empathy Ritesh Batra does in his.
Batra lets the well-worked chemistry Redford and Fonda share do the heavy lifting... they still bring out in each other a warmth and an easygoing manner, as if they've always been and always will be like this.
If you want to catch two actors at the peak of their powers, what are you waiting for?
A disappointingly subdued reunion for Fonda and Redford.
Made with care and conviction as it explores this unexpected relationship, "Our Souls at Night" understands both what changes in people as they age and what remains the same.
A touching and elegant movie about the healing qualities of deep talk in the last stage of life.
Luckily, the stars have humanity to spare, and very little left to prove.
A rare quality in film, quiet grace...two marvelous actors with their chemistry undimmed, with a deep understanding of craft and a deep trust in each other.
A film destined to be forgotten in the trajectory of its protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]
The results are understated, often amusing and occasionally profound.
The film equivalent of a loveable old hound that fetches your favourite slippers, rolls over for a tickle, curls up on your feet, contentedly passes wind, then nods off.
The director here, Ritesh Batra, has a tendency to invest almost every shot with about 16-tons worth of portent, smothering the humanism that Redford and Fonda are working hard to put across.
It may have taken almost 40 years to get this screen reunion, but it is well worth the wait.
Nothing of what follows will be this surprising, or surprising at all, but that's not to belittle a tender film that goes beyond twinkly silver-haired romance ...
Robert Redford and Jane Fonda make such a magnificent couple, still exuding beauty and intelligence; particularly Fonda as Addie, who positively shines.
Fonda and Redford play this potentially sleepy material with spry, generous adroitness, genuinely listening and subtly playing off each other's reactions and body language.
It won me over from the very first scene.
Both Redford and Fonda are charming, delicate and convincing as Addie Moore and Louis Waters, the couple who find each other at the tail end of their lives. They are directed with sophistication and without a drop of melodrama or sentimentality ...
Boasting the kind of star wattage that can't be hidden under all the bushels of Wal-Mart sleepwear and mom jeans that the film can muster, Fonda and Redford prove, five decades after Barefoot in the Park, that they can still generate onscreen sparks.

@highlight

Our Souls at Night honors the quiet strength of its source material by offering a simple yet sturdy canvas for two talented veteran leads to bring its story to life.