Mildred Pierce unleashed on the wild, wild West.
A cheap Western from Republic Pictures, yes. And also one of the boldest and most stylized films of its time, quirky, political, twisted.
This baroque bonanza fascinates on so many levels that it demands to be repeatedly viewed and reviewed.
Compared to other Westerns, Johnny Guitar is high art--richly atmospheric and with noir elements that will remind viewers of such dramatic films as Key Largo.
Joan Crawford's Vienna is the most masculine of women western heroes. A former saloon girl who earned her way to owning her own gambling house, she's a mature woman with a history and she's not ashamed of what she did to carve out her claim for a future.
Not too many westerns culminate in a six-gun showdown between two women -- but then Nicholas Ray wasn't your average filmmaker.
When Crawford pulls a gun, her authority is so complete that she doesn't even come across as a woman in male drag; she owns it on her own terms.
Feminism, Freud and firearms all figure in this exemplary yarn that also takes aim at the blacklisting that was tearing apart the film industry.
Unforgettably strange and brilliant.
A movie for anyone who's ever been judged on their appearance, their outlook or the way they choose to live.
Nicholas Ray's overwhelming ballad
It's not just Joan's campiness -- her line readings take on an almost incantatory quality -- but the way the whole thing feels like a stealth therapy session for smart actors trapped in horse-opera stereotypes.
A slyly radical psychosexual oddity busting through genre conventions, beyond its Old West Arizona setting ...
The acidulous palette of the costumes and the décor conjure Ray's insolent, isolated fury; though the action is set in the nineteenth century, the actors break out of the story to foreshadow the stylishly electric revolutions to come.
It's a film that's many things to many people, from camp spectacular to revisionist genre epic, and nearly every reading seems viable.
This Technicolor cowboy picture feels like it exists in some other dimension. "Johnny Guitar" satirizes macho posturing, even as it elevates the catfight to a whole new level.
One of Nicholas Ray's best films, the garish, full-color Freudian Western is an amazing, weird movie that's not easy to get the first time around.
Rich, creative Western with much to say about politics and gender.
...manages to be both a serious critique of McCarthyism and a camp classic...
A politically subversive Western, made during the McCarthy era, Nicholas Ray's cult movie offers two strong roles for women, Joan Crawford and Mercedes McCambridge, who may be latently lesbian.
This 1954 Freudian Western is one of the all-time left-field wonders of the studio system, a film so subversive it's a wonder it ever got made.
A pop-culture madhouse dressed up in spurs and a cowboy hat
Like the other great American films of the 50's, Johnny Guitar breaks through the mold.
Bizarre, unforgettable Nicholas Ray western that ends in two women shootout!
It proves [Joan Crawford] should leave saddles and levis to someone else and stick to city lights for a background.
Quite possibly the weirdest Western ever made by a mainstream studio in the 1950s... I flat-out loved this movie.
It's about time it was acclaimed for it what it really is: a genuine western film classic.
Ray's film is not a romantic comedy, but a Western. Or is it?
Let's put it down as a fiasco. Miss Crawford went thataway.
For all its slightly tatty sets and off-the-mark decor, the film abounds in wonderful lines and acting that doesn't betray them.
Compelling, confounding and at times verging on the downright camp, this picture takes a slow- burning but startlingly vivid look at humanity in the outlands.
Joan Crawford as a gunslinger. Some of the best unintentionally funny dialogue ever.
One of those classic westerns that has maintained its status by reinventing itself every decade since its release in 1954.
For all its violence, this is a surpassingly tender, sensitive film, Ray's gentlest statement of his outsider theme.
The film makes much to do about sexual role-reversals.









@highlight

Johnny Guitar confidently strides through genre conventions, emerging with a brilliant statement that transcends its period setting -- and left an indelible mark.