I felt the same misery, despair, offense and nausea while watching this film as I did The Cat in the Hat.
Cat-astrophic for adults, but kids will love it.
Hewitt's movie isn't without its laughs but it's ultimately a pretty pointless picture.
An innocent way to kill some time.
Garfield is a cool cat with attitude, yet his debut on the big screen falls short by more than a whisker largely due to a script that relies on novelty value rather than fresh ideas.
The comic-strip cat comes to the big screen thanks to some pretty nifty computer animation and -- in a really inspired move -- the voice of Bill Murray
The story is bland and workmanlike--week-old catnip that's lost its bite. What saves it is the animation, which is set amid a live-action world and which is extremely well done.
People who love cats will see their own felines in Garfield. Parents who love neither Garfield nor cats will have a good time nonetheless.
Without Murray, the film would have much less appeal.
Garfield remains one of the most shamelessly marketed properties of all time, so the inevitable feature film is merely the logical climax to a product blitz that already includes bowling balls, oven mitts, and a line of Richard Petty-related products.
It has good laughs, decent writing and is 100% loyal to both the comic and the cartoon, which will leave the diehard fans begging for more.
Breckin Meyer and Jennifer Love Hewitt are perfectly matched. Neither of them evinces any shred of charm or talent throughout the entire film.
The strongest messages for adults are that we should purchase and consume...Pepperidge Farm Goldfish and dash off to Petco for all of our kitty's litter and chow needs.
... this is an embarassing family film ...
I found nothing endearing, funny, or entertaining about Garfield or the film.
I have always thought of the strip as a quiet cartoon, one based on irony and sly, wry humor. Not so the Garfield movie, which is generally raucous and loud.
Imagine the comic strip as a lone enchilada stretched to feed the whole dinner crowd at Pancho's.
For fans of the comic strip, "Garfield" is a severe disappointment.
Strictly for the kids. Parents will find themselves yawning more often than not.
This is mediocre moviemaking, not even Bill Murray can save a weak script and weaker special effects.
The result is not so much catnip as catnap.
Better than it has any right to be, thanks to impressive CGI work, some good gags and a note-perfect purrformance by Bill Murray.
Cute and friendly enough, but for anyone over eight, not recommended.
Os realizadores não compreenderam a essência do material original: as tiras criadas por Davis giram em torno das atitudes de Garfield, e não de suas ações.
Can't wait for "Smurfs: The Movie"...
Ignore the fact that this film should have been made at least 15 years ago and you might enjoy it.
This Garfield is everything Jim Davis' eponymous cartoon isn't ...
The problem is that there isn't a comic series less appropriate for a movie adaptation than Garfield, and I say this as a longtime fan of the strip.
...a derivative and sporadic furball fable...[Hewitt] surprisingly delivers a perfunctory plot that's about as appetizing as a stale box of Meow Mix. [A] flea-bitten project.
There are a good twenty-some reasons to hate Garfield. But the only reason you really need is that it's just not any good.
The movie will feel like a slow crawl through broken glass for anyone old enough to have mastered the fine art of shoelace-tying.
If you're a fan of Garfield, then I suggest you stay away from the fat cat's big screen debut.
I know, I know, I'm really on the warpath about CGI creations lately.
All co-star Jennifer Love Hewitt is asked to do as a veterinarian is to stroll around in short skirts, though she does it very well.
The worst thing about a movie like Garfield is that it's not Cat in the Hat bad, but is just the sort of indifferent creation that qualifies as 'cute.'
I recommend it as a family film that kids will enjoy and adults will find unexpectedly pleasant.
Not even worth a rental.
Garfield stinks like a dead cat.
No one can accuse Garfield: The Movie of infidelity to its source: It faithfully conveys the banality of Jim Davis's cartoon.
In the comics, Garfield is one fat and lazy cat. Unfortunately, so is his cat-astrophic live-action screen debut.
... a film without energy and without spirit.
Stinkier than a litter box in a multi-cat household.
This family-friendly film is not unlike Garfield himself -- cute and charming at times, but more often lazy and self-serving.
Lasagna for the under ten group, but liver for the rest of us
A delightful feline festival.
Though Garfield runs barely 80 minutes, it seems a good hour of it involves chases, furniture and luggage collapsing, and grown-up actors madly mugging.
A soulless and empty movie based on a three-panel comic strip boasting the wit and complexity of a wooden spoon.
It's not much of a story, and director Peter Hewitt seems content to flesh it out with bland staging and characterizations.
Almost, for while the little tykes will undoubtedly be entertained, very few others will be, and any lovers of the comic strip are bound to go home angry and disappointed.
The comic strip hasn't been funny in years, but Bill Murray rescues the movie from the same fate (with) his purringly petulant voice performance.
As a movie star, Garfield is a cat declawed and robbed of his essential, inscrutable charm.
Bill Murray should have remembered his dire warning, in Ghostbusters, about 'cats and dogs living together.'
There's nothing to recommend about this film except its sheer innocuousness.
Bland, workmanlike and instantly forgettable.
Only very small children still easily impressed by interaction of human actors and CGI quadrupeds will be amused by Garfield: The Movie.
Not even Bill Murray could save Garfield.
The CGI is well-done, but Garfield's presence among the otherwise live cast is a constant distraction.
The movie is far from a cat-astrophe, but it's also nowhere near purr-fect.
This film is unlikely to turn newcomers onto the pleasures and subtleties of Davis' work.
Garfield looks like the work of someone who's hardly seen the backside of a camera.
Garfield: The Movie is irresistible even though it isn't very good. It gets by on goodwill alone.
A modest family film that'll be catnip for kids. Still, there's just enough Garfield 'tude (and Murray wit) to keep adults from scratching the furniture.
A snoozer.
Our 8-year-old adored it. But except for Murray's voice-over work, Mom was allergic.
Tolerable, and, at 85 minutes, mercifully short.
Perfectly watchable.
The movie is meringue-light, occasionally amusing, adequately animated and utterly forgettable.
Garfield may or may not have nine lives. But you may leave the theater feeling you've left at least one of your own behind.
A downright cat-astrophe.
Bland as old kitty chow and unappealing to the eye.
An amusing film that won't disappoint fans of the long-running comic strip.
I'm not a Garfield purist or anything, but at the very least, shouldn't this movie be funny?
Soulless excuse for an entertainment.
I love Garfield, the comic strip cat. I hate Garfield: The Movie.
Has little in it to appeal to anyone but preteens.
Garfield isn't exactly a dog, but it's not much fun either.
Weighed down by a by-the-numbers plot.
So charmless, so completely devoid of laughs and feels so long -- even at 85 minutes -- that before it's over, you may want to claw your eyes out.
Garfield has lumbered off the funny pages and into an unfunny film.
Equally insulting to both the homespun adult fans of the comic strip and the oblivious children for whom tired gags are served up like leftover lasagna.
A toothless, harmless, mostly charmless mongrel movie that mixes live-action actors and animals with a computer-generated version of the comic strip cat that Jim Davis created in 1978.
I don't know who had the idea that Bill Murray would be the right actor to do Garfield's voice, but the casting is inspired.
The story by Joel Cohen and Alec Sokolow is predictable, even for young moviegoers.
[I]f you measure your age in two or more digits, then flip a coin to decide who has to endure it with the youngsters.
You recall an image of the fat cat on the Trapper Keeper, staring bleakly up at the sky with the subtitled thought bubble, Why me?
All you need to know about this movie is that 'I hate Mondays,' Garfield's memorable comic strip punch line, is way funnier when Puss-in-Boots utters it in Shrek 2.
If you want 78 minutes of bad writing and boredom then do I have a movie for you!
It's not chopped liver but it's not exactly a fancy feast, either.
begs the question: How badly does Bill Murray need an extra paycheck?
Il ne faut pas y chercher du grand cinéma mais rien de plus qu'un divertissement honnête aussitôt oublié.
This is one cat they need to put back in the bag.
If you're old enough to read the cartoon, then you're too old for the movie.
More adult oriented humor would have helped broaden the appeal of Garfield: the Movie beyond its youthful target audience.
In a way, it's the perfect representation of Garfield. A bland comic strip inspires a bland movie.
Comic strip adaptation is flabby, lazy and blase -- just like its subject (although probably not on purpose).
I get bored reading a 'Garfield' strip, and it only takes 10 seconds. Imagine the effect of watching a movie that is just as dull, but 480 times as long.
This movie sucks fur balls.
Pleasant, mushy, and utterly, utterly soulless.
Apart from the under-seven set, it's hard to imagine anyone not being agonizingly wearied by the interminable cascade of lowbrow slapstick and Rube Goldberg set pieces.
Better just to keep this fat cat suctioned to the car window.
This isn't a movie, it's a marketing ploy.
As someone once said about the "Nancy" comic strip, it is easier to read it than not to read it. If only that were true of this movie, which requires real effort to endure.
screenwriters Joel Cohen & Alec Sokolow strain milking laughs from pop cultural references and the repetitive observations of [cartoonist] Davis himself
You are likely to leave this one feeling as grouchy and put-upon as the title character.
The film is a veritable conga line of bad decisions whose guiding premise appears to be 'Never mind, kids will watch anything.'
This one's strictly for the kiddies.
The poorly penned plot is derivative even by Hollywood standards.
The blend of live action and animation is competently done, but the subtly mean-spirited screenplay has more sour meows than hearty laughs.
A lot like the comic strip, just blanded out beyond belief.
What looked like a cheap, quick knockoff of a classic comic strip and cartoon actually captures the tone just right.
The humor ranges from tame to neutered.
This Garfield doesn't even look like the Garfield we know, love and used to have smashed on our car windows with suction cups.
Garfield: The Movie is like Stuart Little: For Dummies.
A motion picture so ungainly and awful that only an under-8 child could appreciate it.
A calculatingly fluffy version of Jim Davis' strip.
Under Peter Hewitt's phoned-in direction, Garfield chugs along like the slow train to Chattanooga.
Feels like an 82-minute commercial for Garfield, The Brand rather than cinematic dumb fun.
One of the year's cheesiest and most embarrassing movies.
Garfield: The Movie has the same slapstick/sophisticate tone as its print counterpart.
An unappealing movie based on the popular comic strip character of a lazy, selfish, and cynical cat.
A recognizable brand name stamped on a generic package.
I went into `Garfield' knowing little about the title feline except that I held a vague hatred toward him. `Garfield' gave me specific reasons for such emotion.
It's all about Murray, who plays Garfield like he's that old lounge singer from Saturday Night Live
Those who get bored by the movie (i.e. everybody), can pass the time by counting the many product placements.
With his acerbic wit, masterful way of using vocal intonations and attitude, Murray shows why he is the only person who can make Garfield come to life.
Everything about this movie feels so 10 years ago - so behind the times - even in terms of the animation.
hardly enough material for a three-panel comic, and definitely not enough for a feature-length film
It's enough to make you long for the wit and wisdom of Mike Myers' Cat in the Hat.
...[the movie] doesn't completely suck ... thanks primarily to Alec Sokolow and Joel Cohen's script and Bill Murray's voice work.
Sitting in the screening room...I heard exactly one genuine laugh during the entire 85-minute running time. I must admit that it came from me...
"Garfield's" problems start with its very concept. This film should never have been made, and those involved with its production likely know it.
I'm not betting on a sudden resurgence of interest in a long-comatose strip that battles "Family Circus" weekly for most-appalling artifact of the popular taste.
Bankrupt of imagination and will be nearly forgotten the instant the viewer exits the theater, but it's harmless - the sole reason why it is difficult to out-and-out hate it.
Frantic but flat, a picture so neutered and declawed that even toddlers will find it too bland for their taste.
Strictly for those who didn't want to crawl into the fetal position and die when Shaggy grew breasts in Monsters Unleashed.



@highlight

When the novelty of the CGI Garfield wears off, what's left is a simplistic kiddie movie.