gets in its own way by not knowing what kind of story it's telling, and by not knowing whose story it's telling
so absurd and convoluted that even JFK's legacy can't subdue its preposterousness
An earnest, fictional coming-of-age story is squeezed from a bitter, true-life local tragedy. And it works.
Out of its mind at a deep, essential level, An American Affair plays its dubious scenario with a straight face that makes the silly thing quite watchable.
The title sums up the bland, unimaginative and cliche-laden thriller/coming-of-age tale.
Before An American Affair is over, you can be sure that Adam will learn a very familiar life lesson.
There are scenes that work here and there, but regrettably not nearly enough to hold the film together. In the end, this affair is definitely not one to remember.
Painfully contrived
Start to finish, [the film] makes absolutely no sense.
Turns out An American Affair needed more than a name change to save itself from embarrassment.
Even the famous M Street stairs from "The Exorcist" are out of place in the climax of this lightweight movie.
The most compelling moment comes from archival footage.
It's all presented so earnestly... that you barely realize at the time how preposterous it all is. Intrigue! Cubans! The Bay of Pigs! JFK! It's the coming-of-age tale filtered through the mind of Oliver Stone,
This is not, by any reasonable definition of the term, a professional film, even though several experienced and established actors have been inveigled to inhabit it
It's a good rule of thumb that any film that grandly puts "American" in its title is going to try to make some statements way beyond its pay grade.
Even Oliver Stone would giggle.
Gretchen Mol, lounging semi-nude as she smokes near an open Georgetown window, would spark any young man's curiosity and recklessness. But the assassination story line is absurd.
An implausible drama about some Washington D.C. people plotting around the time of the assassination of JFK.
A captivating, witty and poignant drama. Gretchen Mol sizzles.
JFK meets Notes on a Scandal meets Rear Window? An American Affair has some promise and potential, but its main ideas remain messy and undeveloped.
The Cuban Missile Crisis is a year passed and the assassination is looming, and yet Adam's pubescent crises are given Wagnerian emphasis.
Subscribes wholeheartedly to the history-as-pornography school of thinking, in which all will be revealed if you can figure out who is sleeping with whom, when and where and what they do in bed.
If you can get past the exploitation-of-minors thing, there's a tawdry exuberance to moments like the one in which the twerp and his overage girlfriend drunkenly splash paint on each other.
Sketchily written, clumsily directed and poorly acted, even history-conspiracy aficionados will be left cold.
Did Metcalf spend a weekend watching "Summer of '42" and "JFK" and decide they'd make a good mash-up?
A flick for Kennedy assassination conspiracy buffs which puts a whole new spin on "the grassy knoll" courtesy of the flamboyance of a nearly-naked Gretchen Mol.
Here's the best thing I can say: that it refrains from having its 13-year-old protagonist have sex with Gretchen Mol.
A cliché-ridden hodgepodge of film genres.
Only Noah Wyle, as Adam's unreadable dad, rises above the muck; he deserves his Tarantino-aided resurrection sooner rather than later.
An unholy genre mutation undreamt of on the isle of Dr. Moreau, An American Affair piggybacks the pubescent sexual awakening sapfest onto the JFK assassination conspiracy thriller.
The reason to see An American Affair is Gretchen Mol.
A dash of Ingmar Bergman and Oliver Stone in this Capitol Hill noir, as kinky DC sexual politics collide with flaky JFK conspiracy theories, and Bay of Pigs CIA boozer masterminds wonder if communists are having more fun.
The immersion of a titillating, gender-altered Lolita story into the political framework of 1963 strikes a chord of wanton misuse of dramatic license.
The relationship of a 13-year-old innocent with a sophisticated 30-something woman is credible: not so much the political conspiracy.
The central relationship remains intriguing but the later parts of the film suffer from a routine conspiracy plot.



@highlight

With a plot both undercooked and cliche riddled, An American Affair unsuccessfully mixes a coming-of-age story and a presidential conspiracy thriller.