This film is a whole lot scarier than you think it's going to be.
It's difficult to hold an audience pretty much alone for 70 minutes but [Halle Berry] does a much better job than the screenplay deserves.
A surprisingly proficient thriller - even more proficient for the viewer who bails before the final scene.
A simple but tense thriller told from the perspective of kidnap victim and 911-responder.
This is a cleverly made, smartly written, totally satisfying armrest-gripper.
It seems at odds with itself thanks to a generous helping of tropes from two distinctly different genres: fast-paced action thriller and creepy serial killer horror.
Rides completely off the rails by the finale, and the film seems to completely embrace its stupidity...
Halle Berry delivers an emphatic reminder of her star status in this tightly-plotted low-budget thriller.
Relentlessly suspenseful, this lean thriller has an emotional subtext that makes it almost unbearably involving.
The Call delivers taut no-frills thrills for two-thirds of its brisk, hour-and-half running time. But the plot falls apart spectacularly as soon as Halle leaves the 911 control room and the ludicrous finale will leave you groaning.
A film that was just highly improbable for 75 minutes loses its mind thereafter and invites you to do the same.
While plausibility is often stretched to the limit, the sense of threat will keep you on the edge of your seat, even during a ridiculously gratuitous denouement.
The familiar serial-killer flick gets a welcome shakeup, upending the woman-as-victim cliché and offering a bracing new perspective on an oft-told tale.
The Call is the kind of vaguely smart, extremely gory gloop you should watch on TV, preferably when you're tucked up in bed with a delirium-inducing fever. That way, you won't notice when the script goes bonkers.
The Call begins as a moderately effective thriller, showing us a side of the LA police we haven't seen before. Then it gets dumb. Then it gets much dumber.
Berry and Breslin make a good women-in-peril double act.
A promising picture turns into gibberish. Shame.
The story and set-up feel conceptually flawed from the get-go. This was never going to end well.
It's a neat nerve-frayer with lessons for anyone finding themselves trapped in a confined space and needing to alert the outside world.
It's the trashy premise that hooks you in.
After this unusually well-made thriller builds suspense to almost unbearable levels, the filmmakers nearly throw everything away with a gear-change so contrived that we can't help but laugh.
Smartly directed and sharply written, The Call is a suspenseful and engaging thriller with superb performances from Halle Berry and Abigail Breslin, though it stumbles a little in the final act.
It's a tense, taut thriller that only eases off the tension in the final reel.
The familiar serial-killer flick gets a welcome shakeup, smashing to smithereens the tired trope of woman-as-victim and offering a bracing new perspective on an oft-told tale.
Just when the movie has us in its grasp, the script falls to pieces and turns into a crass female-in-peril button-pusher.
The kind of clichéd nonsense so common in the mid-'90s, it's a throwback - and not necessarily in a good way.
Claustrophobic and low-key, the bulk of the film works brilliantly - helped in no small part by Berry's fantastically fractured performance.
The serious subject of child abduction and murder isn't well served by the way Anderson's film veers into a comic book/vigilante drama, ultimately making this a call worth avoiding.
'The Call' won't be a film we'll remember five years or even a year from now, but the popcorn flick isn't meant to rock the souls of viewers, it's meant to entertain.
An intriguing concept is overshadowed by a remarkably outrageous third act.
Berry's character's brutal, though improbable, determination keeps the intensity high.
With another whopper plot, this one's saved by a strong turn from Berry, a convincingly panicked performance by Breslin and, as one of the more incompetent screen villains in some time, Eklund.
The Call is a thriller that works tremendously for the duration of the titular 'call.' The minute that the call ends, it spirals into an avalanche of horror/thriller film clichés that results in disastrously bad and an unintentionally comedic climax.
An effective thriller that does an ace job of maintaining your elevated heart rate
A straight-forward, race-against-time thriller...In an alternate universe, one imagines a disciple of Hitchcock making this film in real time and without any violence.
A tense psychological chiller that ratchets up the tension before collapsing with a predictable finale.
Hi, I'd like to order an abduction thriller set around the 911 emergency call centre in Los Angeles. Sure, would you like a psycho with that? Ah yes, and while we're at it can I upsize to the hero being ...er, a heroine ... and black. Done
Tense and gripping nail-biter that involves us in the moment-by-moment revelations of a terrifying abduction case
A 911 flick that's actually 341--3 movies 4 the price of a bad 1. The psychological thriller rushes; the psycho-horror scrapes the bottom of the barrel of titillation; the quick ending burner-phones in any remaining character development and plausibility.
A high-concept thriller that certainly has the potential to self-destruct... But genre specialist Brad Anderson gives it a taut, low-budget energy that keeps it pulsing throughout its entire running time.
Put it this way: now educated and abused, good girl Casey no longer has a problem with bad language.
Ansioso para se mostrar chocante e audacioso, o desfecho soa apenas como um adolescente tentando impressionar os amigos ao agir como um babaca.
Even though the finish of the film is beyond the reach of believability, somehow it didn't spoil the suspense that preceded it.
... the only thing worse than pulling the final punch... would have been showing the script cover to 'The Call 2: Aftercall' after the credits.
Works on the gut, but this thriller is unbelievable
Everyone watching "The Call" will realize just how implausible its plot is...But even so, this thriller is thoroughly gripping.
Shocking, I know, to think the writer of Thir13en Ghosts and Exit Wounds may not have been up to the task of crafting a fully realized narrative.
Claustrophobes beware of The Call, Brad Anderson's emotionally rending thriller that transpires almost entirely on the telephone.
If the last act of the film had been as good as the first act, this would be a good film, but it sure takes a wrong turn at the end.
...a tension-packed, rewarding film with fine performances by Abigail Breslin, Michael Eklund, and Halle Berry.
There's no one moment where The Call breaks; more like a five minute span where it goes from everything mostly working to everything mostly not.
Don't call me...don't even text. Just let me stay in the trunk of a car where this movie can't hurt me anymore.
Two-thirds terrific and one-third routine.
Taut, exciting thriller.
The movie is going great until it hangs it all up about 3/4ths of the way through.
Breslin makes the leap from Little Miss Goofball to scream teen seamlessly, but there isn't much else in this once-promising director's cell-out to make it worth your time to take this call.
A rather unsavory experience overall made even less pleasant by its ultimate pandering to the basest of its audience's entertainment tastes.
Crude as it is, The Call milks its jump scares and don't-go-down-to-the-basement tension for all they're worth. See it with a full house, if you absolutely must see it at all.
An extremely unsavory thriller that's like a grosser, grislier (and dumber) episode of 'CSI' or 'Criminal Minds.'
You can envision a really interesting version of The Call. This, regrettably, is not that version.
...off the rails it flies in a final act that throws everything these characters should know out the window, grabbing at chunks of Silence of the Lambs, Taken, I Spit on Your Grave and anything else it can get its suddenly-dumb little hands on.
Fortunately for all involved, Anderson manages to bring a lot of class and energy to the material.
The story could be about how Jordan deals or doesn't deal with the helplessness of the situation, but that would have required more work than anybody involved with 'The Call' was apparently willing to make.
A film that has great potential turns into a disaster.
"It all looks the same," Casey laments-which might, unfortunately, be taken as meta-commentary on the boilerplate movie she finds herself in.
Thrilling, then it goes Hollywood stupid and then the best ending ever! Berry's hair co-stars and chews the scenery.
There's something cheerfully stupid about thrillers like The Call, wherein a protagonist who's seemingly as brilliant as Sherlock Holmes eventually becomes as dim-witted as Forrest Gump.
... this claustrophobic little shocker starts out with promise but soon falls prey to idiotic plotting. It winds up as a lesser variation on 'Silence of the Lambs' ... Sorry, wrong number.
A quintessential guilty pleasure. Portions are nearly devoid of quality, making you resent the more enthralling bits until you have no choice, but to give into the satisfaction and enjoy the ride.
The Call is mostly just another predictable and generic thriller with its only unique moments resting in a certain scalp sniffing sequence.
The point of a movie is to entertain, and entertain The Call does. So what if that entertainment value comes from unintentional hilarity and silliness?
Let's call The Call what it is: high quality trash that both diminishes and is redeemed by all the talents who have deigned to bring it to life.
Even with a faltering finale, The Call is a worthy nail-biter that will engage you in the moment.
I never knew I wanted a movie in which a heroic 911 operator played by Halle Berry rescues the 'Little Miss Sunshine' girl from a Culture Club-loving serial killer until I saw 'The Call,' a project so ridiculous it turned my disbelief into elation.
It's precisely the kind of tense fare that plays best to a crowded house, and benefits greatly from the direction of a filmmaker who knows how to tighten the screws on his squirming audience.
The Call is a mix of good and bad elements that still manages to accomplish the primary task: delivering good thrills.
If you're going to watch a movie in which two people talk on the phone for most of the film, it's not the worst thing in the world for one of the folks involved to have the face of Storm from the X-Men.
Halle Berry handles The Call with professionalism, passion, and a trooper's dedication to keeping a faltering script afloat.
The culprit for the film's failure lies with the screenwriter, who couldn't finish a solid suspenseful thriller with chilling effects.
This is as brain-dead as a movie can be and it assumes the audience will have the I.Q. of a rutabaga.
Silly, sadistic and with a groaner of an ending.
Terrific craftsmanship and plenty of scares infuse this above-par programmer. Does the job for both general and more demanding audiences looking for some chills.
It's a lot better than you might expect a movie like this to be.
Even when 'The Call' takes a hard left turn into implausible stupidity, it's still kinda fun.
Save for one genuinely exciting stretch that begins roughly a half-hour in, the bulk of the film is dull and derivative.
The Call does falter near the end when some scary-movie cliches sneak in, but things are just so damn enthralling up until then that its winning sheen remains mostly untarnished.
"The Call" consciously decides to slowly drown itself in the tub.
Good when it's on the road but pretty bad when it gets off. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
Cut to black. No. Really. There's a 3 second cut to black that can be interpreted as nothing else than a warning to not go on from here.
Yes, it's cheese, but it's good cheese.
I'll say one thing for "The Call": Its ending is actually a bit of a surprise. Just when you think it couldn't get any stupider, pow!
Can't someone come up with screenwriting software that signals when a script has made the fatal slip from hyped-up suspense to sheer ludicrousness?
... a breakneck, truly thrilling thriller, one that builds excitement through both brains and brutality ...
It's a surprisingly effective and suspenseful thriller -- up until it's idiotic ending, when the characters and the audience are betrayed all at once.
The first hour is MARVELOUS! It's that last half hour that becomes, ummm, problematic (which is just a nice way to say the movie's last half hour STINKS!).
The Call is a cinematic crime, but unfortunately there's no number to call to ask for help.
In between the extended prologue and ridiculously out-of-character third act of The Call, there is a clever little thriller...
These unilateral changes throw the entire film off-kilter and turns what was an exciting thriller into a ridiculous and clichéd mini-slasher film.
Another rote, run-of-the-mill thriller better suited for VOD than the big screen.
I'm writing this public service announcement masquerading as a movie review to warn you not to ever waste valuable moments even considering watching my favorite to win Worst Movie of the 2013.
Intense yet shallow - with a final, vengeful twist that utterly disconnects.
The material has the mild impact of a special episode of a network crime series, with Eklund's villain a figure of mannered creepiness rather than profound chills.
Too good for too long to not be worth recommending, but it's disappointing to see so much potential squandered just for a dishonest twist and some cheap thrills.
If it were any more intense would require a complete physical and medical clearance for admission into the theater.
A sputtering, so-so B thriller with a neat hook but very little personality.
Whatever the intent was, what we get is one of the most hilarious and unbelievable thrillers made in the last few years.
Even though it stars Oscar-winner Halle Berry, there's not much in "The Call" to set it apart from the women-in-peril movies that fill cable TV, thanks in large part to an unbelievably wrongheaded ending.
An enjoyably nerve-racking thriller of imperilment that takes as its heroine a distraught 911 call center operator.
It goes off the rails and turns into a vigilante drama, but the end of the movie isn't enough to wipe out all the good material that came before it.
The Call cribs from so many other psychological thrillers that it might as well be called "The Girl With the Lovely Bones Cellular Silence of the Lambs.''
The last third of the movie is where it turns into a complete wrong number.
An effectively creepy thriller about a 911 operator and a young miss in peril, "The Call" is a model of low-budget filmmaking.
The shoddy attention to character, plausibility, and detail is particularly surprising coming from Anderson, a director of smart indie thrillers like The Machinist, Session 9 and Transsiberian.
Thinking about seeing The Call? You may want to put that on hold.
Maybe Anderson wants to sell out, but he's not very good at it.
Goes from passably engaging to insulting in a hurry, finding Anderson unable to make the sloppily cut puzzle pieces fit, relying on moldy trends in horror cinema to maintain pressure.
"The Call" dials up a shallow thrill ride, but one efficiently peppered with your typical "don't go in there!" moments.
The film is at once shamelessly transparent, manipulative, and far-fetched, and impossibly suspenseful. You'll want to take a shower afterward - that's how icky you'll feel.
When The Call focuses on Berry and her headset, the movie maintains an entertaining level of suspense; when it becomes yet another Silence of the Lambs rip-off, you can feel the tension seep away.
Better than you'd think. Two-thirds of a great thriller, but let down by a poor ending.
It's not entirely credible, but it's entertaining anyway.
A tense and efficient little thriller right up to the moment when Halle Berry, a 911 operator, decides to leave her desk.
Brad Anderson's film is defined by an often frustrating combination of cleverness and stupidity.
Just the kind of white-knuckle junk you want it to be.
Anderson's skillful direction compensates only up to a point narrative that's contrived and trashy--like most of Halle Berry's thrillers of the past decade.
It damn well works. Until Halle Berry hangs up.
There's little to differentiate this high-pitched screamer from a particularly feverish Law and Order rerun.
For the most part ... a tense, extreme-jeopardy thriller that delivers the intended goods.


@highlight

The Call builds plenty of suspense before taking a problematic turn in the third act.