Violent, strange, and with ever-escalating stakes, this is the definition of a well-crafted B-movie.
[Riddick] feels like a B-grade project made up of impressive CGI creatures, an overly CGI'd planet, and a script of clunky one-liners.
Don't waste your time on this one.
As a character, Riddick is no more than a rumble in [Vin] Diesel's throat.
What's disappointing about Riddick is that it never seems to figure out why we would want to follow the main character, outside of his propensity for violence and snark.
B-level sci-fi doesn't have to be this tedious or banal.
Seems like a side adventure.
Diesel's a guy who orders everything with extra cheese. Especially his dialogue.
If you are a fan of sci-fi, of horror, and/or of the mix of the two genres, you should find plenty to enjoy here and I recommend the film to you.
Maybe the return of Xander Cage will be better.
He's spent the bulk of his career hiding in franchises, hypermasculinizing himself. We can live with this. But this new movie makes you wonder whether Diesel can.
A general scuzziness and dinginess starts to creep over the picture like a mold ... soon, it's hard to get your heart-rate up over whether or not the coming wave of scorpo-aliens kill these scowling, sneering bags of man-meat.
Too Riddick-ulous to recommend, although a few of the more outlandish effects are a hoot (gorehounds will dig what the captive Riddick does with that machete).
Riddick turns out to be one of the most pleasantly surprising multiplex films so far this year...bizarre as it sounds, the film essentially shapes up as a quality chamber piece set in the dusty wastes of an alien planet.
This is the real sequel to 'Pitch Black,' although it took about nine years for star Vin Diesel to accomplish it. The stories of Richard Riddick need to be R-rated fare, not the PG-13 stuff of 'The Chronicles of Riddick.'
The third installment in Vin Diesel's adventures as über-badass, glowing contacts-wearing murderer Riddick begins like the original Pitch Black, then turns into something like a low-grade slasher movie with tedious Chronicles Of Riddick-like dialogue.
Twohy gets back to basics, returning the character to his B-movie roots in a stripped-down tale of competition and survival.
Put simply, it's not a great film but it's still watchable.
David Twohy's film is scarcely original, but the sheer survivalist grind of our hero, against comical odds, becomes appealingly mad ...
An economical and solidly entertaining film that recaptures everything that made Pitch Black such a cult favorite.
Riddick brings the character back to what people enjoyed about Pitch Black; Twohy's Diesel idolatry aside there's entertaining sci-fi action thrills to be had, once.
"Riddick" a Bit of B-Movie Heaven
A step up from the 2004 slumber party The Chronicles of Riddick but still a few rungs down the ladder from 2000's pitch-perfect Pitch Black.
It isn't a string of polished sci-fi pearls, but it does deliver pretty much what fans expect: action, creatures, effects, dry humor, and a grown-up mix of skin, blood and language.
I'm not sure that Riddick is an effective argument in favor of continuing Riddick's solo adventures, but it's a more fitting conclusion to his chronicles than the previous movie.
Once again, the film is so over-serious that it's faintly ridiculous, but it's packed with nerve-jangling moments.
Riddick justifies its existence purely through a good sense of violent fun.
A vibrant stylistic mishmash that works brilliantly in chunks but is ultimately too scattered to sustain any cohesion.
"Riddick" is a big step up from "Chronicles," with Twohy abandoning the failed epic scope of that movie and somewhat recapturing what made "Pitch Black" the cult hit it is.
The film regains its footing in a pretty terrifically-executed, if generic, final sequence.
Vin Diesel is hot again thanks to "Fast and Furious 6" and has the physique and force of personality necessary to carry this action film
One would suspect that a man who took such audacious risks in the second film would have a few more surprises up his sleeve for the third round, but I guess not.
Viscerally ferocious, delivering brawny, low-octane Diesel.
Like so much in this film, Riddick himself is a special effect, a near-superhuman hero who can withstand just about anything and who not so much gains our sympathy as demands our attention
This sequel is less like a video game than the grandiosely titled Chronicles, offering a gritty, boy's own adventure that is a bit like Outward Bound with no instructors... The film's main appeal lies in the hulking form of Vin Diesel
an acceptable sci-fi actioner, though after all this time, it ultimately rates as a safe return for the title character, rather than one that really grabs the audience by the throat and goes in for the kill.
So disconnected from its previous installments - the 2000 survival thriller "Pitch Black" and the 2004 fantasy "The Chronicles of Riddick" - that maybe they should have started from scratch.
Not a great movie, but it is a decent summer action film, and there haven't been many of those this year.
I will not be giving anything away by saying that the final frames of "Riddick" blatantly sets us up for "More Adventures of Riddick."
Not that it was expected to be a sci-fi masterpiece, but after an absence of nine years, you would expect a result a little better than retreading old ground.
Riddick! Because one name says it all - and not nearly enough - all at the same time! Riddick! Because "Riddikulous" has too many syllables.
A derivative disappointment that's more of an uninspired remake than a groundbreaking sequel.
The script promptly shoots itself in the equal-ops foot with some repellently ill-judged rapey "humour", promptly undermining any residual goodwill.
Riddick returns to its B-movie roots.
a delightful bit of wish-fulfillment by proxy as Riddick takes the better equipped and cocksure mercenaries down several pegs with a decisive finality
It's unlikely Riddick will leave the world demanding a further chronicle of the character's adventures but that hasn't stopped him returning before. Not goodbye then but until next time.
Hey, if you're going to remake Pitch Black, you might as well get the original writer/director and star.
The third Riddick film in the series is not the charm.
Diesel has resurrected Riddick and even though I didn't know what the hell was going on, it was terrific.
With a standard "Action Film 101" script and some impressive visual effects, "Riddick" is everything you think it is.
If Forrest Gump were a movie reviewer, he would not characterize Riddick as a box of chocolates. After all, you know exactly what you're gonna get with this movie.
The worst movie of the year, and this is the year The Lone Ranger was released.
Ignore the parts that trouble you and there are plenty of nonsensical sci-fi moments of idiotic monster bliss to lull you into a B-movie stupor.
Vin Diesel and David Twohy's Riddick sees the filmmakers and their creation on a search to return the anti-hero to his roots after the operatic excess of his last outing and, despite a few pitfalls along the way, they largely succeed.
The best action film of the year.
Riddick delivers the bottom-line stuff viewers want from this series. Diesel is as charismatic as ever, the action is exciting and nasty, and the wicked humor helps create a vibe of tongue-in-cheek fun.
A poorly paced, generic action movie with cheap-looking special effects, only a step or two above the sci-fi fare that goes straight to video.
Gratuitous nudity involving the appropriately-named actress Katee Sackhoff (Dahl) fails to distract from the clunky dialogue and the film's climax is, frankly, Riddickulous.
"Riddick" is a routine, testosterone-driven action movie, the type that is released this time of year to fill multiplex screens while the studios gear up for their big Academy Award hopefuls.
Riddick ends with the possibility of future adventures, which is easy to do: Writer-director David Twohy just has to invent another preposterous planet, stick Vin Diesel there and unleash the computerized effects.
Should this universe get expanded on the creators' terms, I'm game for more - but would prefer it not be yet another variation on monsters in the dark with a token blonde.
If the last few months have left you jaded and spent, then Riddick will do wonders for your exhausted spirit. We needed popcorn this tasty to show up just a little bit earlier.
It's Twohy and Diesel having fun and when it's great through fun dialogue or a great kill it builds a lot of mileage for the lesser moments.
Riddick works. As a mid-range scifi action movie it's fun enough, if it never quite reaches the potential of that first act.
[Twohy has] gone back to the modest-budget genre movies he excels at and delivers another winner. RIDDICK is great fun.
Riddick, an alternately kick-ass and clumsy piece of sci-fi claptrap that puts its empty head down and gets the job done.
What's so bizarre is that [Diesel] feels such loyalty toward a character who isn't very likeable, not to mention a world comprised of run-of-the-mill science fiction, and stunts that have all been done before.
Fans of lean, mean, testosterone-steeped sci-fi action are likely to find Riddick kind of a blast, however -- even though it offers few surprises.
What it all comes down to is that Riddick is the film you expect it to be and not much more.
Director Twohy gets plenty of ferocious mileage out of stranding a weaponless Riddick on an inhospitable planet and then letting the character do what he does best: seek and destroy. And destroy. And destroy.
Riddick will have no problem pleasing longtime fans of the series while also delivering an accessible and entertaining sci-fi action experience for casual moviegoers.
The movie's cheap but has a sense of humor, and it's smart enough to let Riddick just get back to being a badass.
Sweaty, swaggering, sci-fi / action / horror with a bad attitude and a dirty mouth. I liked it.
All hail Riddick, killer of everything that moves - poorly-drawn cartoon or not - sayer of smooth, t-shirt-worthy bravado and romancer of lesbian Starbuck.
'Riddick' is just the movie that space cadets have been waiting for.
Riddick taps into a primal well of audience wish-fulfillment, but over the course of its unrelieved, monotonous length, it does its best to suck that well dry.
What "Riddick" lacks in production values it makes up in sheer entertainment value and badassery.
Not as ghastly as 'Chronicles of Riddick,' but just as unnecessary.
The effects are good and fans should enjoy some healthy gore.
Stripped-down survivalist sci-fi showcases Vin Diesel's laconic anti-hero, retina-scorching planetary vistas and fearsome creature designs.
"Riddick" is better than I expected, and it does provide a decent amount of fun for fans of the genre.
I found 'Riddick' surprisingly good at the onset but with diminishing returns as it then plodded through familiar territory and a far too long, two hour running time. (Full Parental Review also available)
The entire experience has a pulp feel to it, like they're channeling old science fiction serials.
Diesel's character never really gets scared. He's just arrogant. Morning, noon and night...he's a horses butt. That doesn't make for an interesting story.
Much of the film is over-the-top, but that won't be a surprise to those who saw the previous two installments. Diesel is in fine form, growling his lines and being the most menacing person on screen even when he's in chains.
Fun, in some ways, but a really crappy-looking movie.
Forbidding, sun-scorched, deadly. But enough about Vin Diesel's pectorals. Come back. We got more . . .
Twohy is trying to do something with his original character. It's just not clear what that something is anymore. Maybe it's time this franchise fades to black for good.
A modestly budgeted bone Universal Pictures threw at Diesel so he would keep starring in "Fast and Furious" pictures. Those movies are bank; "Riddick" is rank.
The dark palette and extreme close-ups turn every fight into a muddy blur; the staging, which should feel claustrophobic, is too often set in vast (and unconvincing) landscapes.
The movie jogs along nicely without ever getting a case of the stupids; far from being a bloated "John Carter," it's just a pared-down yarn of survival: "Die Hard" on a planet.
In lieu of blockbuster spectacle, Twohy spins wittily choreographed scenes of small-scale carnage, most of it initiated by Riddick himself.
Pitch Black director David Twohy is at the helm and he's savvy enough to revert to formula: a fearsomely inhospitable planet, hordes of ferocious monsters and a small cast of disposable supporting characters to be whittled down in bursts of gory action.
Diesel seems to have gradually figured out his strengths over the years...
Riddick understands the appeal of its eponymous antihero and embraces his dark, anything-to-survive ways.
RIDDICK is a fun, old-school, nerdy , R-Rated, Sci-Fi action film that succeeds at being an entertaining and well crafted B-movie.
...Riddick undoes much of the cumbersome mythology that made Chronicles of Riddick such a laborious slog, and instead returns it to the meat-and-potatoes format of the first film. The results are much more satisfying, if not wholly so.
Tests one's patience while basically boiling down to a lot of squabbling between characters not worth caring about. "Riddick" is a blah effort, sinking into mediocrity when all involved are capable of so much more.
Wisely takes things back down a notch, returning to Pitch Black's simple formula of scary creatures, scarier humans, and a barren planet
I wanted to love this movie with all my heart...
We've seen it all before, and frankly, don't need to see it again.
I expected more originality after nine years.
Dispenses with all pretense that the modern action blockbuster is anything other than the confused, terrified power fantasy of a particularly sheltered and emotionally stunted teenaged boy.
"Riddick" can be cheesy and silly, not to mention excessively violent, but it's also fun.
Move along, there's nothing to see and no one to root for in this murky franchise reboot.
The dust churns, the clouds gather, the bullets fly, the men fall. The Diesel rises.
The first (and one hopes the last) film to borrow heavily from both Alien and Old Yeller.
Always bet on Diesel - especially when he's doing what he's most average at, which happens to be starring in sci-fi "Conan the Barbarian" knock-offs.
It's B-grade cinema made with A-level intelligence and imagination -- skillfully directed, surprisingly well acted and gratifyingly preposterous.
Riddick's at his most fun when the pressure's on, and he retreats to plan something special for his new visitors. All the build-up pays off with tense showdowns in the dark, thrilling restraint and ominous suggestion giving way to slasher gore.
In an era of high-falutin' tentpole sci-fi, there's something to be said for a filmmaker still devoted to crafting plain old genre pleasures.
Riddick disappoints.
The film is ultimately let down by repetitive action sequences, some appalling dialogue and a deeply unpleasant streak of violent misogyny.
By turns boring and bizarre, although Diesel still has some presence.
In his third and best "chronicle," Vin Diesel's tough, gruff deep-space rogue does what he does best: fighting hordes of hungry aliens in a hostile extraterrestrial environment.
The lack of imagination in Riddick, the third installment in director/writer David Twohy's increasingly forgettable sci-fi franchise, is so stunning that it's almost like a special effect in itself.
A mostly competent but utterly mediocre exercise in outer-space mayhem.
There's a pretty damn good piece of entertainment buried in Riddick if you're willing to dig through the bloat to find it.
As a creature feature, Riddick isn't half bad, though it's far from truly good.
There's no expiration date for movie characters. But there are certainly some who, if they went missing, we'd never even notice.
Riddick chugs along on Diesel's raw charisma. It's a popcorn movie that seldom takes itself seriously and never minds being Riddick-ulous.
As you're watching this third Riddick installment, you can actually feel the character's potential being wasted, along with precious minutes of your time.
Vin Diesel and filmmaker David Twohy wrestle their iconic intergalactic character back to his leaner, meaner roots in this bluntly titled thriller.
It's pretty fun, and it doesn't really matter if you don't recall what happened in the previous "Riddick" films.
Franchises don't work if the movie improves when the main character is offscreen.
This is not one of those Johnny-come-lately sequels preoccupied with getting a new audience up to speed on where the story was. It's about living in the moment, in the now, and killing in the now.
We must pan for scraps of pleasure -- a scene where Diesel poses naked on a cliff like a truck stop coyote, the way half of his attacks look like rhythmic gymnastics
Imagine Alien, only told from the perspective of the alien, and he's played by a movie star, and at heart he's an okay dude. A cute idea, perhaps, but kind of a wash when it comes to narrative tension.
While expectations for stellar thespian contributions are minimal, the laziness of the writing coupled with the decibel level of the acting invites cringes, not cheers. At this point, Riddick is better off as a solo act.
Though it explores overtly familiar territory, Riddick shows that there's life in this franchise yet, improving on its predecessors with a potent blend of suspense, humor and newfound vitality.
As violent, macho fantasies go, this one is surprisingly engaging, a throwback to '80s sci-fi actioners like Predator in its striking visual approach...its juicy pulp dialogue...and its unabashed hard-"R" gusto.
The CGI-created landscape is impressively rendered and detailed, there are loads of cool gadgetry and, of course, plenty of action and "ghosting" - i.e. killing.
Offers predictable popcorn flick fun amidst all the CGI and brutish behavior.
Watching this see-in-the-dark muscleman brooding against gorgeous otherworldly vistas, all while crafting pointy homemade weapons and befriending a scene-stealing CGI canine (no joke), is a sci-fi aficionado's delight.
There's a difference between taut and dynamically confined, like Twohy's original film, and cramped, sluggish and unimaginative, like this one.
''Sloppy'' is a kind word, actually, for the ridiculously clumsy dialogue in ''Riddick,'' the third and latest installment of the sci-fi saga.
Awww, a heartwarming story about a Diesel and his digital dingo dog...
Twohy succeeds in staging moments both tense and funny, but they're fewer and farther between than one would hope, and the dialogue is served up with a heaping helping of cheese, especially when delivered in Diesel's low-frequency growl.
The suspense and involving tone of "Riddick" make it a solid first entry for fall and a credit to the sci-fi genre in an impressive 2013 campaign.
The clear talent in this cast is Diesel and Sackhoff, but while Vin gets his star due I felt that Sackhoff was underused. The problems in Riddick never subjugate the enjoyment of a sci-fi ride that should help re-energize fans of Pitch Black.
Even 80 minutes of this hokey macho hogwash would have been too much.
Riddick is just a total blast and undoubtedly the sequel Chronicles of Riddick should have been; long-time fans of this series will go home happy
'Riddick,' the overdue, and largely unwanted, third installment in Diesel's first big film series, is so full of tough-guy overcompensation that it makes the 'Fast and Furious' movies seem like understated character studies by comparison.
Faithful to the template if not the spirit of previous installments, this flabby second sequel barely manages to advance Riddick's considerable personal mythology.
For a film about a killing machine who can see at night, it's fittingly ironic that the film itself is, both narratively and visually, a dark, muddled mess.
Part of me wants to support this franchise on the grounds of how rare it is for an original science-fiction concept to get a full trilogy of theater-released feature films, but Riddick makes that damn near impossible.
An improbable but very enjoyable sequel that recaptures much of the stripped-down intensity of Diesel and director David Twohy's franchise starter "Pitch Black."
If you're willing to accept Riddick for what it is, a three-star movie, you will find that it is in fact a four-star three-star movie.
Where's Xander Cage when you need him?
Bow down before Riddick as he is our new god.
Twohy gets the Pitch Black saga back where it belongs: at the B-movie end of the sci-fi universe.
A hybrid of D&D adventuring, ;Pitch Black'-style close quarters mayhem, and a dash of 'Heavy Metal' for spice.
It's flavourless: the aliens are unscary and easily despatched, Vin's too silent to be interesting, and the other characters are either dull or offensive.
If you were to make a comedy about an actor who makes cheesy sci-fi action movies, and you needed a hilarious clip of his work that underscored the awfulness of his output, just about any 30-second segment of Riddick would do the trick.
A dark and bloody genre film that delivers in terms of monsters, knives and a healthy bit of gore.
For all its obvious flaws and stupidity, Riddick consistently entertains.
Pitch Black still represents the high point of the series, but Riddick is an entertaining and efficient sci-fi flick.
Overlong and often overcooked, this is nevertheless a relative return to form for Diesel as the fiendish Furyan.
In a year when big-budget sci-fi flicks have played it safe or pandered to Asia, this hones in on old-school action fans.
Riddick lacks the soulless, mechanised groan of the previous film, but even stripping away the excess, this disappointing jaunt has very little meat on its bones.
While this third chapter borrows a little too liberally from Pitch Black to surprise in the same way, it's a step up from The Chronicles Of Riddick.
Riddick manages to flit effortlessly between moments of humour and menace, with Vin Diesel at his best in the role that propelled him to stardom.
An obvious throwback to the stripped-back, small-scale sci-fi of Pitch Black... a fun flick with all the right intentions.

@highlight

It may not win the franchise many new converts, but this back-to-basics outing brings Riddick fans more of the brooding sci-fi action they've come to expect.