The acting, by stars such as Zac Efron, Paul Giamatti, Billy Bob Thornton and James Badge Dale, is low-key and magnificent.
The performances are powerful, the authenticity is admirable, and the tone remains objective in its depiction of events throughout.
A ( ... ) pragmatic, four-day, fly-on-the-wall view of Dallas when the 20th Century's most documented death arguably facilitated the birth of 24-hour rolling news, citizen journalism and You Tube.
Had Landesman spent a bit more time on his characters and narrative, he might have made a more watchable movie.
I suppose each generation gets the JFK movie it deserves. We should feel lucky to get this one.
Parkland is a movie of simple motives. It doesn't waste time with pomp or theory, and the material is acted by those who connect with the characters like reflections in the mirror.
Ultimately Parkland is not thought-provoking, inspiring or even brave enough to be offensive, but it does raise some interesting scenarios and is full of some very solid acting.
While not bound for classic status, the film still manages to capture a moment in time that changed our country.
The revelations are unshowy, the emotional clout is stealthy, and JFKologists can rest easy knowing that the project neither engages with nor contradicts their pet preoccupations.
Parkland remains a bystander in the already overcrowded field of films about the events of November 1963.
A personal history of a very public disaster that fails to hit as hard as it might as the voices chosen aren't strong enough as written to speak for the people who were there on the day President Kennedy came to town.
It's slick and well acted (by Paul Giamatti, Zac Efron and Billy Bob Thornton, among others), but this attempt to make new sense of the death of JFK feels staggeringly pointless.
A sad tale well told.
Kennedy's death is dramatically reflected via the emergency room emotions.
You can't help feeling that there's more to this story than ever meets the eye.
It does lose a sense of narrative urgency after the grisly demise of Kennedy but fascinates to the end.
It's a heartfelt, modest and well staged film about the Kennedy assassination ...
Parkland dissects the unfolding drama with the cool blade of an autopsy. Red-hot conspiracy theories are diffused in favour of cold hard facts, making this less compelling drama and more frigid reconstruction.
The monumental hand-wringing about Kennedy feels, the further we get away from the event, somehow inappropriate.
A recreation of a tragedy just for the sake of it, with no driving purpose or worthwhile insight except for those curious how to get a coffin on to a plane's passenger section.
As pure docudrama Parkland is a let down. As a tribute to a great political leader it's bordering on insult.
Engaging, well made drama that adds a number of intriguing, never-before-seen perspectives to the JFK assassination, though the general approach frequently means that the characters feel under-developed.
Parkland is the most lucid dramatisation of the tragedy to come out of Hollywood yet.
his starry drama has documentary realism going for it, although without a single well-developed character it never finds any resonance.
This poignant and painful ensemble drama about the lesser-known figures caught up in the JFK assassination reminds us that history happens to regular people, too.
Without any intrigue, the film plays like a long, mostly well-acted Crimewatch reconstruction.
Dramatically it's bitty, with, to paraphrase a great American newsman of the time, too much, too fast. But there is no denying how absorbing the tumultuous events of those four days remain.
For a film about tragedy writ large, Parkland manages to convey a deeper message of reconciliation and redemption
Despite some affecting moments, the lumbering Parkland feels more like a well-researched magazine feature than an involving drama.
Parkland feels a bit like a school report coloring in the margins of President John F. Kennedy's assassination - one that would receive a grade of "Incomplete."
[A] howling dud.
Docudrama about the JFK assasination from different points of view of people on the sidelines has its moments but ultimately falls short of its potential. Still if you are into this subject as the 50th anni nears you may want to go.
Somber but fascinating docudrama.
It's skilfully made but lacks any sense of focus that might draw us in. There isn't a single well-developed character, and it oddly doesn't even centre on the hospital that gives the film its name.
Despite flare-ups of anger and emotion that the actors could easily chew on, they rise to the seriousness of the occasion and rein themselves in.
Kennedy specialists will glean nothing new, and those hoping for sobriety will flinch at the camera's intrusions.
There's also little insight to be gleaned from this stolid docudrama.
It's competently assembled, and certainly engaging, but it's hard to see what the point of Parkland is.
Parkland is a well-made movie that strenuously avoids having any sort of point.
It's only mildly successful in its attempt to recapture the chaotic events of that day, in part because the film itself is so chaotic in terms of its structure and focus.
Landesman's film isn't about the Kennedy assassination so much as it is about the rippling effect it had on the ordinary people who dealt with its aftermath.
Pretentious and unproductive, it's a stylized postscript revealing no new insights or relevant information, nothing that historians and conspiracy theorists have not already rehashed.
This is a meager kind of curiosity, telling us nothing about what the assassination meant historically or culturally.
This episodic drama is set in Dallas during the three days after the JFK assassination, and some of it is highly charged.
By the end, Parkland does little more than exploit JFK's murder through a cinematic recreation - one that fails to shed new light or insight.
Landesman doesn't really connect these stories other than through the tragedy itself -- and, taken separately, none of the stories has any great depth.
As someone who clearly remembers that November afternoon in 1963, and the days that followed, I was drawn to all of the detail in "Parkland."
Peter Landesman creates a riveting look at those closest to the JFK assassination in Nov. 1963. New emotional life for a well-worn subject.
This movie never finds a groove.
The film wastes no time and packs every minute with information, revelations and conjectures.
CliffNotes version of the Warren Commission Report.
Exactly what was the mood in Dallas prior to John F. Kennedy's stop there in 1963? He wasn't liked much, which was the point behind the visit. Lest we forget, "Parkland" reminds us that these things are true.
For those of us who vividly remember those four days in November 1963 as if it were yesterday, "Parkland" is a fascinating retelling of one of the darkest times in America.
"Parkland" finds those telling moments in the margins, tying them together to show an America trying and failing to process what it was living through.
Parkland's an experiment in historical regeneration, but one that so accurately stages the shock of a senseless tragedy that it earns a look.
A shouty acting exercise masquerading as history. Like Jobs before it, Parkland is a movie that seems to have been researched with exhaustive study of other movies and only a cursory skim of its own subject matter. DRAMA!
Its scenes of bloodied doctors, panicked aides, and devastated Secret Service Agents are gripping, but Parkland is marred by Landesman's efforts to ensure that the historical importance of every moment is not lost on viewers.
Somehow, all this commotion adds up to aimless inertia, in part because the movie lacks a point of view - let alone anything fresh to propose about the assassination or its peripheral players.
Takes one of the most traumatizing events of the American 20th century and turns it into a trivia digest.
It tries to take on too many players at once, and as such, none of the characters are truly fleshed out.
"Parkland" expends lots of energy and expertise on re-creating these infamous events, yet it is so lacking in narrative purpose that many viewers are likely to leave muttering, "Okay...but so what?"
[A] mostly muted collage, creating an impression that fades quickly from memory, unlike the events of 1963.
Parkland is history as existential despair.
For those who remember that dark day, it will inevitably have impact. But this was too much of a story for one film.
I can see this film being shown in high school, as a way to fill up two-or-three periods. But I can't see anyone wanting to see it on their own. Especially if they already lived through it once.
Landesman's point is not to connect dots, as they have already been linked by history. He leaves it to us to find meaning in the connections...
Fifty years after the traumatic event, the assassination of JFK is still capable of touching a raw nerve -- even in a dramatization as flat-footed as this one.
There's something to be said for Landesman's attempt to limit himself to just the facts that we can all agree on. Just that much is dramatic enough and awful enough to make for a good movie.
Parkland is a frustratingly slight docudrama that does a poor job of explaining why its many characters, which stand on the periphery of JFK's assassination, are intriguing historical figures whose stories deserve to be told.
"Parkland" succeeds as it fails. For whatever its flaws, it is unforgettable.
You're left wondering why it was made.
A collection of powerful scenes that somehow add up to something less than powerful.
This star-studded docudrama about President Kennedy's assassination and its aftermath focuses on fascinating, relatively obscure stories, but fails to organize them into effective and revealing drama.
The events of those days would have been better covered in greater depth in a miniseries, rather than a 90-minute movie.
Parkland is wildly uneven, although compulsively watchable.
Peter Landesman's well-made but dramatically unfocused re-creation of that November day and its aftermath ...
The assassination of John F. Kennedy, as seen through the eyes of bystanders, insiders and other players.
There are 8 million stories in this naked tragedy. Parkland is content to tell parts of some of them.
It's sober, responsible and rather humdrum.
Methodically and with generally unfailing good restraint, Landesman re-creates the grief surrounding the crime and the confusion of Oswald's capture and subsequent murder.
While pretending to avoid controversy, debut director Peter Landesman continually steps out of bounds.
Peter Landesman's bland Parkland approaches history by way of mediocrity.
Takes one of the most fascinating days in American history, and makes it deathly boring.
[Parkland] might have made for a stirring documentary. Instead, first-time director Peter Landesman opts to treat history as a parade of cameos from the famous and not-so-famous.
While it does not offer or challenge any conspiracy theories, its elegiac tone, vintage atmosphere and shaky, hand-held camerawork hint at the all-consuming chaos of those few days.
Parkland adds no significant knowledge to history or conspiracy theorists, but such details as the way Zapruder's scrunched-up eye pops wide open when he witnesses what will be forever imprinted on his retina and amateur film are vivid.
JFK conspiracy advocates are invited to hold their letters; Parkland isn't really about all that, which is both a strength and a weakness. In contrast to, say, the phantasmagorical JFK, it is impossible to tell where history stops and Parkland begins.
It's a worthy film, well shot, well told, but told at a remove. This is understandable, given what Landesman is trying to do.
The movie winds up telling us far more about our own time than the nation-changing event that it depicts.
The minidramas on display, in the hospital or in the anguish of Zapruder's accidental chronicling of a horror, dart this way and that, inconclusively.
The results come close to those cheesy re-enactments we see during "true crime" documentaries on Oxygen and other cable channels.
Compulsively watchable [although] the film comes across as a little tacky, and some will even see it, fairly or not, as exploitative.
Parkland finds a new angle on an exhaustively chronicled and debated subject.
The pressure of panic is vividly captured in the early going of the movie, but the story ends up elsewhere, lost in melodrama and a meandering sense of focus.
All we learn is that this happened and then this and then this -- the movie is like a multimillion-dollar grade-school play.
Powerful and saddening..it will hit you like a fast-moving bus.
Parkland works when focusing on the little things, making us feel like true witnesses to history rather than judging it through the benefit of hindsight.
As vicarious, you-are-there re-creations of historical events go, it's creditably workmanlike; whether that's the best use of the dream factory is another matter.
A painful yet eye-opening experience
An absorbing new footnote to a history lesson that will never fade.
Briskly edited and excitingly photographed with admirable attention to myriad detail, 'Parkland' features a battalion of good actors mostly working with laudable conviction and intensity.
Playing spot-a-star with its sprawling cast is a little distracting, and the movie doesn't offer any notable revelations, but it still provides a valuable link to the national state of shock that existed on Nov. 22, 1963.
The sheer sense of urgency, tragedy and confusion surrounding that world-changing assassination has never been so compellingly presented.
Somehow, Parkland turns the John F. Kennedy assassination into 'just a bunch of stuff that happened.'
While this cast and this story could easily have filled, say, a ten-hour HBO miniseries, this 93-minute film too often feels like a blink-and-you'll-miss-em affair.
While conspiracy theorists won't find much to appreciate or explore in Parkland, the lay person will get a sense of the emotional devastation caused over those four days in 1963.
The tone never stops waffling, and nothing truly revelatory ever emerges about those terrible few days in Texas. What we're left with is the Disney theme-park version of history-all waxworks and weepiness.
Well-intentioned but unfulfilling ...
The Peter Landesman film's overt politics are minimal, aside from defaulting to the myth of John F. Kennedy as a martyr for...something.
Uncluttered, well-cast, well-acted, sometimes moving and always sober-minded
A film both somber and melodramatic that should be seen especially by the majority of Americans - those who were not even born at the time of the JFK assassination
...the filmmaker manages to wring suspense out of an almost excessively familiar scenario.
Embracing ambiguity in a story of this magnitude is plain cowardly.
While it maybe tries to pack a little too much in, PARKLAND is often quite fascinating.
A relatively watchable film that needed a bit more connective tissue.
Parkland provides a refreshingly original take on such an historic event. It may not entirely succeed, but it's a noble effort at a new way of dealing with an event of such historical magnitude.
Structured a little like a hypothetical 1963 Twitter timeline, narrowed by the hashtag #JFKRIP: none of the participants have much to say about the man or his absence, but they're appropriately sad about it.
Once Kennedy is pronounced dead, "Parkland" goes downhill fast, with a tone of TV-movie solemnity, epitomized by James Newton Howard's heavy-handed score, taking over.
The film is otherwise engrossing, quietly revelatory, and often profoundly moving as it retells a story we only thought we knew.
[An] inadvertently tacky restaging of events.
If the film finally doesn't tell us anything we did not already know, the approach makes a worn-out old tragedy feel supple and urgent.
This November marks the 50th anniversary of his assassination in Dealey Plaza, and as such, it was inevitable that there'd be some kind of film to mark the occasion. We just wish it wasn't as terrible as "Parkland,"
Proves both melodramatic and undernourished, although this ensemble piece is grimly compelling throughout.

@highlight

Although its decision to look at John F. Kennedy's assassination through uncommon perspectives is refreshing, Parkland never achieves the narrative cohesion its subject deserves.