Kenneth Lonergan's Manchester by the Sea is a poignant, evocative portrait of grief.
What makes the film stand apart isn't its authentic flavours or visceral performances, but the story's integrity - a rare commitment to truth that deserves to be seen.
"Manchester by the Sea" is a contemporary exploration of mourning that will probably leave its mark on the cinematographic landscape. [Full review in Spanish]
Director/writer Kenneth Lonergan's expressive and impactful drama...is a complex and thoughtful depiction of the grieving process.
Even if abandonment is a theme of the movie, Manchester by the Sea does not for a minute abandon its human element.
Williams is stunning in a heartbreaking attempt at reconciliation, but too much of the film feels needlessly padded, as its 137-minute running time easily could have been shaved by at least a half hour.
Despite a couple of minor false steps ... Manchester by the Sea is a wonderfully haunting portrayal of grief and regret - worth seeing if none-other than for Affleck's performance alone.
... a film about affective relationships, and family relationships... [Full review in Spanish]
"I can't beat it" - Those four small but powerful words might be the most emotional piece of dialogue heard all year.
...Casey Affleck delivers one of his strongest performances to date.
An emotionally flush, simmering melodrama of sorrow surrounding a death in small Massachusetts family that echoes and underlines older trauma...
The prickly warmth, specificity, and gallows humour that is Lonergan's stock in trade is gradually diluted by the generic mechanics of an important prestige picture.
It's beautifully acted, particularly by Affleck, but so steeped in multi-layered misery that you do worry about its prospects at the box office. Nevertheless, I urge you to go and see it.
Manchester by the Sea is Kenneth Lonergan's third film, and his strongest result yet.
Casey Affleck has earned much praise for his performance in this drama and deservedly so.
Manchester by the Sea is perfectly observed in every detail, from its writing and performances (Affleck and Michelle Williams as his ex wife are locks for Oscar nominations) to its set decorations (someone understands the clutter of real life).
[Michelle] Williams has only a few scenes but makes her mark in all of them.
Affleck lives in every frame, carrying Manchester By the Sea along with him, toward a transcendent state of being that reminds us of our own moments of love irretrievably lost.
[Manchester By the Sea] is a life-sized story about recognizably human characters whose dilemmas stay with us.
Manchester by the Sea, while not a great film, is an honest lesson in grief.
Affleck seems to be trying a bit too hard, straining towards a profundity that he can't quite grasp.
The film retains a precision and grace throughout and even the occasional clanging bit doesn't detract that much.
This is not a story that ties things up neatly with a bow; it depends so much on the unsaid that Affleck's understated and incredibly moving performance carries the film.
In Manchester by the Sea, Kenneth Lonergan again explores the depth of grief.
Despite its obvious Oscar-bait trappings, Kenneth Lonergan's Manchester by the Sea is plagued by outdated ideas about masculinity and weak supporting characters.
Despite all the crummy ones, there's always the chance you'll stumble across one like this - a movie so powerful, so beautifully done on just about every level, that it's instantly etched in your memory. And your heart.
Manchester by the Sea is so engrossing that our attention never wanders from what we are being shown on screen.
Writer/director Kenneth Lonergan's MANCHESTER BY THE SEA made me leave the theater feeling empty... it could easily be filed away as just another white male angst narrative.
A gut-punching, heartbreaking movie, with Affleck's Lee in the epicentre ... a perfect role for the under-appreciated actor.
The movie is pulsating with urgency and feeling, not deadened by the suggestive framework of its premise. I could not take my eyes off any of these people.
Some emotional wounds can't be healed. Manchester by the Sea... takes on that proposition in family drama, or rather a drama about what we do for family even when there are things we can't do for ourselves.
A superb family melodrama built in two times and centered on the complex figure of Lee Chandler. [Full review in Spanish]
Kenneth Lonergan, the writer/director of You Can Count on Me, another finely nuanced film on difficult families and a personal favorite of mine, has done it again here.
With an outstanding set and poignant performances, the winner of the Academy Awards for best original script and best actor is a must-see. [Full review in Spanish]
Lonergan's film seems to suggest that life simply carries on, and it's up to us to find the courage to keep up with it. His thoughtful filmmaking style [...] is a delicate, welcome consolation.
Lonergan and his cast perfect the art of the verbal squabble, funny and sad, vibrant and testy. It feels like life.
It's not an easy movie, and the slow pace might bore some viewers, but it's the perfect film for those who are looking for a mature and believable story. [Full review in Spanish]
Manchester by the sea is a film full of a delicate beauty available to anyone who has the patience to keep up. [Full review in Spanish]
Devastatingly relatable and sincerely affecting.
A film that has a rhythmic sensitive pulse of a sweetly surprising dozen temporary swings and great award-winning performances. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite the enormous emotional load that it drops on the viewer and the sadness that it brings, it's a grat film that makes us reflect on how fortunate we are to be able to spend time with our loved ones. [Full review in Spanish]
Manchester by the Sea is a quiet, contemplative film that blends the most extreme depths of mourning with lashings of playful humour and explosions of anger.
There are no contrivances, no manipulations, no false notes. Lonergan's film rings true as the complex relationships and multi-layered intricacies of grief find a compass that points to calmer waters. Prepare to be moved. This is one of the year's best.
A film that can provoke the greatest laughter and then strike with an overwhelming dramatic force. [Full review in Spanish]
A daring and original film that in the middle of its drama results in frankly funny moments. [Full review in Spanish]
A great movie that addresses the issue of death, facing the feelings of mourning and how we process them, and where Cassey Aflleck gives us one of the most human performances. [Full review in Spanish]
A film where the music is selected with exquisite taste and frames every sequence to reach the heart of the viewers. [Full review in Spanish]
A devastating and poignant x-ray, presented in a poetic and painful way, on the limitations of the soul; The cast makes this throbbing drama work on other levels. [Full review in Spanish]
Manchester by the Sea is a captivating family drama that pulls you into its little world through brilliant, Oscar-nominated writing and directing from Kenneth Lonergan and a top-notch ensemble that features a trio of Oscar-nominated performances.
Adopting a jigsaw-like structure, as past memories impinge on the present, Lonergan layers his characters with an enviable emotional complexity.
Manchester by the Sea defies Hollywood notion that all misfortune has an ulterior purpose or motive and that every dramatic arc must culminate in a positive change. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that gives the sensation of being dragged by a slow tide taking us to our destination in the middle of a cloudy day, with nothing around able makes us smile. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that swings subtly between tragedy and melodrama, avoids emotional blackmail and travels very effectively, through a series of retrospective scenes and flashbacks. [Full review in Spanish]
A drama that is worth reviewing to analyze the ways in which we say to face the moments that define our lives with the remarkable performance of Casey Affleck, who carries the weight of history with strength. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with really outstanding performances with situations and emotions of a subtly depressive scent. [Full review in Spanish]
A film about loss and guilt, from a natural and even fun perspective. [Full review in Spanish]
A somber, incredibly compelling masterpiece...
With its extraordinary aesthetic of the uncomfortable, the film manages to find a balance between the misfortune and the sudden luminosity of the laughter. [Full review in Spanish]
A vortex of tragedy, where not only one of the best works of its protagonist actor truly stands out, but also the simple but attractive photography by Jody Lee Lipes. [Full review in Spanish]
Writer-director Lonergan's tight editing keeps the story moving forward while his ear for naturalistic dialogue lends authenticity.
Thrives on its main character being articulate by being inarticulate.
A very powerful and outstanding drama in which there's also some space for humor and its actors do an impressive job, especially a Casey Affleck. [Full review in Spanish]
Every single actor involved in this picture, from the leads to the extras, is magnificent.
This is an exquisitely well-told tale about the way we deal with trauma and loss.
A self-indulgent and irritating film of someone bent on telling a tragedy in a different way, stripping it of melodramatic resources. [Full review in Spanish]
Miraculously, this lengthy, achingly sad story is very entertaining and leaves you wanting more. An undercurrent of dry humour makes its way into even the most tragic of sequences.
[A] masterful, often devastating film.
Let's call this a strange artifact, much deeper, lucid and relevant than a simple drama. [Full review in Spanish]
What you may not have heard is that, for the vast majority of its running time, it is very, very funny ... A great film. It is thoroughly involving, deeply moving, and sparkles with humanity.
Manchester by the Sea isn't concerned with finality or even redemption, rather the mess of life, unmoored from the belief that everything will be okay.
A solid drama with tints of posthumor that consolidates Casey Affleck as a great actor and not just as 'Ben's brother'. [Full review in Spanish]
While terribly, even hauntingly painful at times, Manchester by the Sea is also generously funny, which is rather odd given that it's a film about grief, self-loathing, forgiveness and not-so-happy families.
This superbly written and acted American drama extracts so many perfect moments from one man's imperfect mourning process that it simply must be hailed as one of the best films you will see in 2017.
In Manchester by the Sea, writer-director Kenneth Lonergan studies this brand of maleness -- defined by emotional reluctance and reticence -- while adroitly examining how damaging these paralysing strictures can be.
A powerful and sometimes unexpectedly humorous drama about a man who refuses to acknowledge his past even as the present insists on it.
Manchester by the Sea may be a potent examination of grief, family and self-imposed solitude, but it's also oddly life-affirming and uplifting.
Casey Affleck's performance in "Manchester By The Sea" is one of the most effectively crafted portrayals of the crippling weight of grief in recent movies.
Emotionally gruelling-yet somehow still funny-Manchester by the Sea magnificently covers the wide expanse of human experience.
There is mordant humour here, rippled with moments of extraordinary tenderness, but at heart this is a grave, unconsoling and profoundly sad film.
Not a moment in the film is wasted; though on the long side, this is from start to finish a rewarding and strangely beautiful drama with a conclusion that is immensely satisfying in its touching understatement.
There is an in-built drabness to the drama of Manchester by the Sea that, while never exactly boring, takes far too long to get to its sobering yet unremarkable payoff. We all enjoy a good downer, but not one that also manages to tire us out.
Kenneth Lonergan is a master of writing real people, resplendent in their absurdity, staggering in their endurance of grief.
What emerges is as subtle as it is shattering: ordinary, unshowy and, underneath, red raw with real feelings.
With an outstandingly icy Casey Affleck as a mournful loner drawn back into his old fold, Kenneth Lonergan's New England community study is a masterful, darkly American account of a heart in the dead of January.
A quiet, thoughtful film meditating on the question of loss and those death leaves behind, director Kenneth Lonergan delivers a deeply humane portrayal of grief and those who choose to let it define them.
Manchester by the Sea is wistful, elegiac, and the sights and sounds of an Atlantic fishing town are beautifully captured by the muted cinematography of Jody Lee Lipes. But there are moments of high drama, even comedy.
It's atmospheric and directed with precision and a strong feel for local character. But it's dreary when it should be devastating.
Featuring award-worthy performances from its three leads, "Manchester by the Sea," is the perfect drama to off-set a multiplex full of Bad Santas and Dwayne Johnson.
For all Lonergan's storytelling skills, Manchester by the Sea stands or falls on its central performance. Casey Affleck, outstandingly skilful at keeping his cards close to his chest, packs immense power into a study of incurable grief and guilt.
As painfully sad as all this sounds not once does the film feel forced or overdone. Yes there's tragedy, but it always sits believably alongside the everyday.
Affleck is on electrifying form as Lee, a surly janitor living alone in a Boston suburb.
An immensely sad story but one that finds glimmers of hope in the darkest corners of human experience.
Stunningly acted and superbly written, this is a heart-breaking study of loss and human connection that's shot through with raw emotion.
Lonergan's film has the same qualities as an early Springsteen song -- a narrative filled with a haunting, pervasive sadness, filled with guilt and loss.
Manchester By The Sea is the film that packs enough wallop to force movie fans, and cinema-goers in general, to sit up and take serious notice.
Writer-director Kenneth Lonergan creates characters so vivid that they get deep under the skin, and he allows his actors to so fully inhabit them that they become unforgettable.
In Manchester by the Sea, men are soulful and women are shallow, a gender gap that wounds this otherwise compelling drama.
A drama of rage and grief that stands on the brink of the inexpressible.
This is about life as it is lived in the real world, with unassuageable pain, loose ends untied, life lessons unlearned. Life with no narrative closure.
Each scene brims with self-contained humour and drama, regardless of whether it moves the story along or simply fills in background colour.
That Manchester By The Sea is so absorbing is down to Lonergan's painstaking directorial style and to a superb Method-style performance from the lead actor.
Manchester by the Sea manages to do the seemingly impossible. It is a deeply moving study of coping with abject grief, yet it is not profoundly grim.
The bitterly cold New England landscape only serves to highlight the wintry hearts of its characters.
Lonergan's static pace and over-obvious compositions attempt fake "realism," but each scene looks like an acting-class exercise.
Masterfully told and beautifully acted, Manchester By The Sea is a shattering yet graceful elegy of loss and grief.
If ever there was a film that epitomised the saying 'no pain, no gain', this is it. Packs a real wallop.
For all its moments of discord, Manchester By the Sea sings its lonely song with tremendous heart and soul.
...moving, romantic, devastating, and hilarious.
Lonergan is so precise with his actors, the sense of place, and the level control of tone that you feel him methodically striving here to avoid false notes.
Writer-director Kenneth Lonergan has crafted a great screenplay for this film, filled with witty, observant dialog. I've not seen a film in recent memory which more accurately and convincingly reveals human nature.
Manchester by the Sea features brilliant work from director Kenneth Lonergan and all of its actors, especially Casey Affleck.
A shattering and surprisingly hilarious study of death, guilt and family centred on a revelatory performance by the good Affleck brother.
A solid drama about grieving men and private hells.
Lonergan's dialogue, as always, is a thing of beauty.
People are praising Casey Affleck's acting in Manchester By the Sea, and he'll probably get the Oscar for it-it's a solid, often surprising, sometimes monotonously drilling performance.
There's warmth and a relief of humor to balance the weight, making Manchester not just an emotional punch, but a deeply entertaining one. It's one of the year's best films.
Kenneth Lonergan has crafted a film that speaks to the human condition without getting pretentious. Insight is rarely this accessible.
Manchester By The Sea transcends its trappings to become a mini-classic
I believe that the film is great. I also believe that I may never watch it again.
Led by Affleck's superior performance, the movie is an obvious awards season frontrunner, a bandwagon nearly filled. Get on board.
Approach Manchester by the Sea with caution.
A completely breathtaking film about humans in crisis, presented with a muted but still sharp-witted aesthetic.
its virtues far outweigh its problems, but Manchester by the Sea still feels like a film that isn't quite there
An emotionally-engaging tale of redemption certain to garner its share of accolades over the course of the awards season.
Delicately acted [and] superbly realized.
This sensitive and surprisingly funny drama is full of well-drawn characters.
One of the finest films of the year -- or any year, for that matter.
Affleck, Williams devastating in "Manchester by the Sea."
Manchester by the Sea is an affecting examination of the grieving process, brought to life through strong direction and compelling performances.
While [Longergan] retains his playwright's focus on the writing and acting elements of film, he's skilled enough as a cinematic storyteller that this leisurely paced 137-minute movie does not drag or suffer from any dead spots.
Kenneth Lonergan has written quite a script.
It's an extremely human story of how grief and depression can eat away at the soul and leave its victims a hollowed-out shell.
This is a film lover's dream if you enjoy watching actors and filmmakers performing at the top of their game. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Deep, rich characters and a story to match. This one is golden from top to bottom and deserves the accolades it's getting. One of my favorites this year.
Lonergan has a particular talent for laying people bare and showing how they work. You see yourself in his characters, and you want to help put them back together again.
Despite the film's somber tone, there's a truth and honesty in Lonergan's surprisingly complex story that will weave its way into your heart.
This is without question my favorite film of the year
Another example of Lonergan's gift with storytelling and timing, taking a slow but engrossing journey into the ways of grief and responsibility, and doing so with an expert handling of humor, heart, and paralyzing pain.
The thing about a Kenneth Lonergan movie is that it feels like you're watching people, not actors. You're watching a world unfold, and not some form of fiction.
The most textured, emotionally complex screenplay of the year, by some distance. Lonergan's filmmaking redefines epic. He has found something big and universal in the small, specific characters he shows us at hauntingly close proximity.
The reliably affecting Affleck plays Lee like a prowling animal trapped in a small room.
An elegant and spiritually sobering film about the ways in which guilt, loss, isolation and self-destruction can erode the foundations of our lives.
(You'll be) totally absorbed by its remarkable humor, profound tragedy, and very human telling.
Manchester by the Sea grounds its feet in the type of social realities and interpersonal dysfunctions that most Hollywood films would sooner sentimentalize ...
One of those weird cases of a film that technically hits most of the appropriate marks, but is so lifeless it's hard to fully appreciate.
A movie about regret and we all have regrets... it's just a matter of if we let those regrets define us. But, sometimes, we don't have that choice.
The story is about how we get past trauma and how sometimes we don't but keep going all the same. And even that latter situation is not without a gleam of hope, as Manchester by the Sea slowly uncovers its broken but humane heart.
It is, to be sure, one of the most affecting films of this surprising year. It's about how very much emotion some lives are required to contain silently while, for all the world, they function day to day.
Manchester by the Sea is a long, contemplative slice of New England life. It's also a near-lock for a best picture nomination, even though it could stand to lose a good 10 to 15 minutes.
There's no facile, feel-good redemption here. But there may be hope.
Unforced acting couples with a nuanced, insightful script to tell a story that, although seemingly simple, is achingly complex.
Manchester by the Sea paints a rich and touching portrait of a family's grief, and one man drawn back to deal with the past he tried to put behind him. It's a movie that will resonate in the heart long after the credits roll.
Yeah, it's heavy. It's also unexpectedly funny, deeply moving and almost unbearably wise when it comes to the labyrinthine workings of the human heart.
What definites Manchester by the Sea is its humanity. [Full review in Portuguese.]
The film is deeply sad at times, but leavened with dry humor and the fragile hope that some people can suffer tragedy and survive. Life goes on, even when you think it shouldn't.
It is one of the most real, heartbreaking films you'll see. Lonergan's elegiac story is brutally honest -- and brutally real.
Affleck's performance, equally haunting and electric, helps transform Lonergan's film from merely a dramatic showcase into an emotional powerhouse.
The sadness of "Manchester by the Sea" is the kind of sadness that makes you feel more alive, rather than less, to the preciousness of things.
Very simply, Manchester by the Sea is one of the best films of 2016. Multiple Oscar nominations are in its future. Brace yourself and don't miss it.
Affleck is magnificent, but the movie is something less than that, because it can't completely overcome some built-in challenges. Even so, Manchester by the Sea deserves honors for being so different, and for working on the mind in a particular way
Affleck puts his heart and soul in this role.
A sensitive and occasionally stinging look at how death disrupts life.
The sort of understated, under-the-radar drama that can use all the help it can get to stand out in an increasingly overcrowded marketplace.
The centerpiece of Kenneth Lonergan's drama Manchester by the Sea is a relatively short scene, a conversation between two characters that contains the most moving moments I've seen on screen in years.
It's not a flashy film, nor is it perfect, but there is an honesty and deep-felt compassion that cannot be ignored.
Manchester by the Sea is a stunner, delivering in ways that defy easy description.
"Manchester by the Sea" is an award-caliber movie on all fronts and one that will stick with you long after it is over.
Lonergan's script and direction are pleasingly subtle, studded with nice little moments that help us understand the characters and help them understand each other.
... never really earns the responses it wants to elicit from its viewers.
Its initial enigma seems to need no explanation; yet, once deciphered, the film does not falter but moves only deeper into the emotional territory it charts.
It's painful and tragic, yet it's cut with elements of humor and laughter. Just like life.
Kenneth Lonergan's Manchester By the Sea is the best film I've seen in 2016. But I'm honestly not sure I can watch it again.
Manchester by the Sea may take its time making itself heard, but you can count on it.
Gorgeously sad and occasionally very funny.
Affleck gives the sort of crumpled, seething, fully lived-in performance that De Niro and Pacino gave in their primes, and he gets strong support from Michelle Williams, Kyle Chandler and Gretchen Mol.
(Casey) Affleck gives the finest performance of his career. It is a measured portrait of a man so overwhelmed by shame and hurt that he seems to simply go through the motions of living.
...a portrait of a man who deals with grief by submerging it into the marrow of his bones.
It's Affleck's movie to quietly own as layer upon layer of Irish impassivity is stripped away from his visage until the unspeakable can be spoken.
Lonergan found the right man in Affleck, standing stony-faced while others weep, his performance a master class in submerged feeling... But it's Williams who stuns, in the course of a single, astonishing dialogue toward the end of the film.
Not everything broken, this wise movie reminds us, can be mended.
"Manchester by the Sea" is one of the best films of the year.
There's a funny sequence when Lonergan surprise-reveals that Lee fathered one, then two, then three children, who tumble out from the corners of the screen like squashed clowns.
Casey Affleck's visceral performance as the story's lead character, Lee Chandler, is essential to the film's excellence. All the film's key actors deliver matchless performances, but Affleck here has the role of his lifetime.
"Manchester by the Sea" is the latest installment in a body of work from an artist fascinated by how life marches on, with or without us, and how we scramble to keep up. Not everyone can, though.
A heart-wrenching drama anchored by Affleck, who notches up yet another subtle, stunning performance.
As pleasurable a viewing experience as a film about death could hope to be.
Honest
A remarkable drama that seems made to win an Oscar and where the interpretation of Casey Affleck really stands out. [Full review in Spanish]
Lonergan doesn't write dialogue that spells out details of the harrowing event. He leaves it to outstanding actors to convey the effect of the experience via facial expression and body language.
Lonergan capitalizes on Affleck's vulnerability in a textured, cliche-free portrait of human survival without a conventional ending.
In its broad strokes, Manchester by the Sea doesn't explore anything new...[but Lonergan] is the master of telling behavior and conversational nuance.
A drama of rare power-a tale of human suffering that succeeds because of its love for its characters, rather than for their misfortunes.
It's a beautifully made, skillfully acted effort, with an astonishing lead performance by Casey Affleck. (Splice Today)
Complex, layered, and respectful of the audience's intelligence and attention span.
Affleck is riveting as a broken man, a resonant metaphor for our times.
It's less a movie of aesthetics than of synesthesia, transmitting an unbearable burden of inner coldness and emptiness by means of warmhearted wonder.
One of the year's best pictures.
Affleck's Lee is a figure too tragic even for Shakespeare. But his pain, and yes, his courage, is seared into our memories, making "Manchester" not just a place by the sea, but also a piece of our hearts.
In the hands of Lonergan and his exceptional cast, the deceptively simple story becomes a shattering tale of shared grief that carries a powerful weight of emotional truth.
[Writer/director Kenneth] Lonergan's film is a marvel of compassion and character-specific observation.
...a fairly fascinating character study...
An unflinching, emotionally devastating tear-jerker.
New Englanders, with both the dialog and locations, will feel at home in this small town saga, captured skillfully by cinematographer Jody Lee Lipes.
Too often here you feel the fingers of the writer, typing the story into existence, crafting it to its desired ends.
"Manchester by the Sea" is a masterpiece in a minor key, an exploration of grief that never lets its characters - or its audience - off the hook.
An achingly graceful, heartfelt, working-class story about loss, grief, and family obligations.
I've found it really hard to write about Manchester by the Sea, because it sunk into my bones so deeply it's hard to extract. Yet just thinking about it now, my heart is in my throat.
A movie this deep and emotionally resonant, a movie about grown-ups without any kind of sales pitch in mind, is a beautiful and rare thing.
It's a masterful, all-American tale that delves deep into the black hole of grief. At times, it can all be emotionally overwhelming - but isn't that a characteristic of a great movie?
"Manchester By the Sea" is a film of surpassing beauty and heart. Even at its most melancholy depths, it brims with candid, earnest, indefatigable life.
Manchester by the Sea is a film that knocks politely on the door of the mind, and the heart. The advice here is to let it in immediately.
Manchester by the Sea will almost certainly go down as the most devastating, heart-wrenching drama of 2016.
What's all the fuss about?
If you open yourself to the experience, Lonergan's movies allow you to live with characters until they feel like people you know. Sometimes they're people you don't like very much. But somehow, by the end, they're your people.
Manchester by the Sea would probably be hailed as one of the year's best comedies if everybody in the audience didn't spend half of it sobbing.
Watching actor Casey Affleck, who looks like an eternally youthful choir boy, fight his inner demons is worth the price of admission alone.
If you feel ashamed to be laughing, then Lonergan has got you exactly where he wants you-stirred and confounded, casting around for breaks in the cloud of sadness.
There's a modesty here that's too often absent in fall prestige pictures, a sense that the director is protecting his characters, rather than exploiting them.
Despite confusing flashbacks with no discernible transitions, the acting is good enough to offset watching Affleck be depressed for 237 minutes.
The meat of the plot is simple, but Lonergan adds layer on top of layer, adding great emotional complexity to this Shakespearean tragedy about grief and reconciliation with the past.
It's hard to overstate the magnificence of Kenneth Lonergan's Manchester by the Sea.
Lonergan's wrought script pursues a simple man's life to its darkest place ... and sits there with him, until we understand.
... covers familiar thematic territory but conveys a genuine bittersweet poignancy that sidesteps clichés of family dysfunction and healing.
Writing this is making me sad all over again, so let's end by saying that the acting throughout is exceptional, and that Affleck is phenomenal: It's a black hole of a performance, and its pull is overpowering.
[Lonergan's] latest, a quietly powerful examination of grief healed by a brothers' bond, is not only an emotional character-driven drama, but the best realization of Massachusetts on screen since "The Friends of Eddie Coyle."
With Manchester by the Sea, writer-director Kenneth Lonergan has delivered a quietly devastating sucker punch of a film about the persistence of hope in the face of unfathomable loss.
Searing, insightful drama has intense themes, swearing.
It's a magisterial achievement, a piece that captures the deepest recesses of the soul as they're found within the sort of ordinary man that's typically invisible on the big screen.
Because Lonergan is so true to the intricacies and rhythms of family strife, we trust his vision. When it comes time for the fade-out, he doesn't gussy up sorrow with a sunrise glow. Healing is hard.
The funniest movie about grief ever made -- but that's far from the only remarkable thing about it.
Fiercely human, bravely unsentimental and at times unnervingly hilarious, Manchester by the Sea washes over you, tossing and tumbling its disparate elements like a wild, bracing surf.
Leaves you with the feeling you've just lived a whole separate lifetime and are re-entering, dazed, into your own.
. . . a rare melodrama set in the world of men.
Lonergan's latest, finely-tuned work shows an unbowed director plunging into the depths of grief.
You're left shaken with sorrow for the characters, and slowly filled with respect for them all.
Featuring a once-in-a-lifetime performance from Casey Affleck, Manchester will stay with you for weeks and months on an end after you see it.
Featuring Casey Affleck in an Oscar-caliber performance, it's a deeply affecting little gem of a film, which should gently sweep filmgoers up in its melancholy tides.
Manchester by the Sea is formula-free and one of a kind, with only as much resolution as the steely grip of the past will allow.
No film this year has moved me more with its humor, heart and humanity. Engrave the name Casey Affleck on the Oscar for Best Actor right now, so extraordinary and engulfing is his performance.
Lonergan's film reveals itself as a wellspring of urgently needed compassion and grace.
An emotional powerhouse with the weave of great literature.
"Manchester by the Sea" is a finely shaded portrait, a study in individual misery set in a place that is observed with care and affection.
An exemplary film of such exceptional wisdom, beauty, clarity, sensitivity and emotional depth that I had to rub my eyes to believe it.
Lonergan has given us a masterpiece.
"Manchester By the Sea" is heartbreaking yet somehow heartening, a film that just wallops you with its honesty, its authenticity and its access to despair.
This is a staggering American drama, almost operatic in the heartbreak it chronicles, that's also attuned to everyday headaches, like forgetting where the car is parked and hitting your noggin on the freezer door.
The result is a movie that, if never exactly a cathartic experience, carries you along in its clenched grip with an undeniable power. It's sad and funny and real.
A poignant, surprisingly hilarious depiction of death, grieving, and small-town life.
Manchester by the Sea is a deeply affecting and wickedly funny masterpiece showcasing the maturation of men, from the broken man and his nephew at its heart to the drama's phenomenal filmmaker.
Affleck proves he can convey suffering as well as any actor alive. His trebly voice is cracked with pain. He comes with his own chill fog.
This movie is a miracle: a stunningly intimate masterwork that wrenches, but still leaves the heart brimming.
Both one of saddest, most unflinchingly honest films ever made about death as well as a serious contender for the year's laugh riot. But one side doesn't cancel the other out.
One of the most penetrating dramas of the year.
Full of loss and grief and the grey skies of a wintry Massachusetts, "Manchester by the Sea" can sound like a pretty dreary two hours at the movies. It's not.
Casey Affleck finds his best role as a depressed handyman whose life acquires meaning when he take charge of a teen nephew.
This is a movie to see as soon as it comes out, before you've heard anything about the story.
A drama that is always on the edge of emotional excess, but without crossing the limit. [Full review in Spanish]
It oozes foreboding, yet Lonergan also conjures episodes of reviving wit.
Casey Affleck... provides this overwhelmingly moving slow-burn drama about grief with its unforgettable lead performance.
It's a story about grief and redemption, but it's told with the same complexity, depth and humour as [Lonergan's] debut film, You Can Count On Me.
Perhaps the most emotionally intelligent film you will see this year.
The unparalleled honesty with which Lonergan tells his story lands it in a class all its own.
It is a film that emphatically deserves to be in the mix come awards-time, from a director who knows that you don't need fast-paced action or expensive tricks to conjure truly spectacular cinema.
It cannot be stressed enough how much Casey Affleck's performance is the soul of Manchester by the Sea. It's a riveting turn that makes this bittersweet drama about New England pride and sorrow a true gem.
Williams maximizes each instance of her screen time. In as little as six minutes, she sets the screen on fire, almost unrecognizable in the player she portrays.
The film gradually comes to its sense of exquisitely calibrated, hardened intimacy.
I've wondered often since seeing Manchester by the Sea how Lee is doing. Well, I hope.
Lonergan takes a broken man forced to return to the place that broke him and spins it into something magnificent.
An interesting and well constructed film of which we will probably hear more about it the next months. [Full review in Spanish]
Every aspect of the film seeks to make an emotional connection with the audience via specificity, and thanks to masterful work from Lonergan as writer and director and phenomenal performances from the entire ensemble cast, it is an absolute triumph.
Definitely a personal film that reveals a brilliant director. [Full review in Spanish]
A truly incredible piece of cinema from a filmmaker that has marked himself as one of the most important working today.
A devastating scene between Lee and his ex (Michelle Williams) is one of the best written -- and performed -- sequences I've ever seen on film.
This is a pretty straightforward drama and not much more. There's nothing wrong with that. Just don't expect much of a deep seabed in this one.
Sure to be one of the best films of this year, Manchester by the Sea delivers the soaring emotions of melodrama with a masterfully delicate touch.
Manchester stands out for doing an old routine just right. It's not the next best thing, but it does justice to a familiar playbook.
[A] beautifully textured, richly enveloping drama about how a death in the family forces a small-town New Englander to confront a past tragedy anew.
A wrenching family tragedy is dramatized with the depth of a high-quality American stage piece in Manchester by the Sea.
[Lonergan] immaculately constructs a layered, non-linear exploration of the ripple effects of loss and grief.
It's wonderful to see Lonergan back at work, illuminating small and unremarkable lives with grace, wisdom, and humanity. He's made what might prove to be the most artful tearjerker of the year.
Lonergan weaves his way through many shades of grief, wise enough to understand that it never takes only one form.
With its cathartic score and Lonergan's habit of underplaying his most dramatic moments, what could be an excruciating journey has a disarming grace
The finest possible incarnation of the sort of starry, delicate drama that is a festival standard.
A commanding, absorbing work in which the sum of its impact may be greater than any individual scenes.
Kenneth Lonergan's Manchester By The Sea will continue to haunt and endear for decades to come.
Oscar-level acting by Casey Affleck in a career-defining part.
The meat of the plot is simple, but Lonergan adds layer on top of layer, adding great emotional complexity to this Shakespearean tragedy about grief and reconciliation with the past.
This is pitch-perfect filmmaking, the kind that turns a hungry visionary into a popular last name. Rest assured, it's all earned. Manchester By the Sea is a hearty, rewarding drama audiences will remember for years.
[Sundance 2016] "Manchester by the Sea" finds the truth in each new moment even as the viewer longs for signs of hope that may never come.
Manchester by the Sea plants a lot of seeds, but it doesn't grow.
It captivates without ever calling attention to itself. It feels real. It feels honest.
Manchester-by-the-Sea is a study of family dysfunction and the worse loss imaginable, but one held back by the fact it's all filtered through Affleck's withdrawn lead.
"Manchester by the Sea" is precise in its vision, universal in its application. It's one of this year's few great films.
Its world is cruel and chaotic, but it unfolds with purpose and grace.
By the time the film ends, we know so much about these people and their town that they don't even need to articulate their feelings for us to understand them.
Manchester By The Sea is a meticulous, rich film: there's such a depth to this story of a man living with unbearable grief, a sense of time and place and the changing of the seasons, you feel you could almost touch it.

@highlight

Manchester by the Sea delivers affecting drama populated by full-bodied characters, marking another strong step forward for writer-director Kenneth Lonergan.