A film where everything is second-hand and arrives several seasons late; only the pulse of excess between Kingsley and Hopkins brings a very slight touch of distinction. [Full Review in Spanish]
Nicholas Holt is at his worst. [Full Review in Spanish]
Ridiculous. [Full Review in Spanish]
Pure noir cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
Hoult deftly carries Collide on his shoulders.
Loss of time in a film that has a stellar alignment, but never takes off as either an interesting drama or an action thriller. [Full review in Spanish]
The director puts too much faith in cars, but the hunting extend until the fatigue; Every time Casey is about to be captured, he miraculously escapes, and the cycle repeatsover and over. [Full review in Spanish]
The paraphernalia that emanates from the scenes of action and persecution are a tactic that does not solve the arguments of Collide. [Full review in Spanish]
While a dyed-blonde Jones does gamely with another thinly-sketched role, the real fun of [the film] is watching Kingsley and Hopkins deliver two of the more off-kilter performances of their careers.
Collide layers uninspired dialogue on top of a poorly thought-out plot, resulting in a forgettable disappointment of a movie.
Collide isn't bad so much as it is a routine, but it could have been a romp.
In the end, Collide is a cheap genre product produced with an eye on foreign market box office. Wake me when Dominic Toretto torques his way into Havana.
Hoult and Jones are unable to breathe much life into their bland characters, and it's ultimately sad to watch the former Hannibal Lecter and Gandhi reduced to playing silly, tough-guy caricatures.
Collide reminds me of the aftermath from a multiple car pile up on the expressway.
Hopkins and Kingsley? What a cackle.
Unexceptional, a hodgepodge of corny voice-over and repetitive, anticlimactic plotting, with Hoult and Jones miscast as a couple of party-hardy American expats.
This action thriller is plagued by poor camera work and a screenplay that's riddled with holes and implausibilities; the only worthwhile thing about it is the bad guys' wild scenery chewing.
The kind of low-rent action movie that only exists because everybody involved knew that nobody in the Western world would ever see it.
A cast of reliable performers slum it in this by-the-numbers action thriller.
Breezily paced, no frills, mildly ludicrous but perfectly watchable, and buoyed by hammy villains.
Collide isn't just a giant waste of time that only brings the worst out of its impressive cast, but it unforgivably takes an eternity to end and put you out of your misery.
I don't subscribe to the notion that a piece of art shows its entire hand within its first ten minutes, but director Eran Creevy's third feature doesn't inspire a whole lot of confidence with its bland introduction.
Wait for some diligent YouTuber to edit together Hopkins' best moments, and you'll enjoy the best five minutes of the film for free.
If proof were needed that not even a starry cast can save a trashy script, 'Collide' certainly provides it.
"Collide" has a few good car chases. But it's a fairly empty and humorless exercise that falls apart whenever cars aren't doing somersaults on the Autobahn, or Kingsley and Anthony Hopkins aren't hamming it up shamelessly.
The most compelling characters aren't the ones with two legs, but those with four wheels.
A flatly earnest Hoult and Jones are hamstrung by drippy dialogue, while Kingsley and Hopkins overplay their more colorful parts - with the former doing a cartoonish Turkish accent and the latter delivering lines with strange emphasis.
At the very least, Collide offers the novelty of seeing Ben Kingsley give a monologue about his love for the tight body of Burt Reynolds.
Hand-in-hand with its bleeding-heart nature, Collide has the ballsy idea of making a serious action movie about a fool in love, but that just becomes one of its many bungled stunts.
It's tough to root for a guy who continues to make the same dumb mistakes that result in him getting into the same trouble.
Poorly conceived and executed, it doesn't even feel like something that can be laughed about when it shows up on cable... which will probably be very soon.
Collide was probably a nice vacation for the cast and crew (and a decent tax write-off for other folks), and it shows.
If you squint hard enough and hop on one foot, it's actually an entertaining B-movie, delivering some agreeably frantic moments in a European setting.
It's difficult to begrudge a film that has the good sense to put so much stock in Ben Kingsley's hammy theatrics.
[Hoult] has an easy-on-the-eye physicality and he makes all the running, dodging and high-octane sequences believable and exciting.

@highlight

Collide wastes a talented cast on a would-be thriller fatally undermined by eye-rolling dialogue, logical fallacies, and humdrum set pieces.