Cropsey is an interesting enough documentary patchwork, and while I do enjoy films of this type which pursue the story as it is found, I never fully trusted the filmmaker's intents, here.
The filmmakers overreach trying to explain the meaning of a community's revulsion and rush to judgment regarding the man convicted of one of the murders, but Cropsey still gets under your skin.
The film is eerie and thought-provoking, raising worthwhile questions about the pursuit of justice without losing compassion for the victims or their families.
Whether they're interviewing so-called experts or casual observers -- or even reading from Rand's letters -- Zeman and Brancaccio confront fear, disappointment, and hope, again and again.
As intriguing as it is downright eerie.
It isn't a pleasant journey -- nor one that is likely to be soon forgotten -- though it is a sobering, skillfully produced reminder that sometimes fact can be far more terrifying than fiction.
Nothing is answered definitively here. But if there's a real Cropsey to be found, it may be Staten Island itself.
Disturbing and flavorful.
Cropsey is a creepy documentary with all the elements of a horror film about a demented serial killer, and an extra ingredient: This one is real.
This disturbing true-crime documentary takes its name from a local bogeyman that video makers Joshua Zeman and Barbara Brancaccio were warned about when they were growing up on Staten Island.
A crude episode of 48 Hours.
As a clever combination between truth and fiction, it's a rather impressive little film. Creepy too.
Films like The Blair Witch Project use a fake documentary format to try and create a horror film about an urban myth that turns out to be real. Cropsey, though, is the real deal.
As disturbing as the expertly paced Cropsey is, it's not some schlocky spookfest. It's a well-produced and well-researched bit of investigative journalism.
Begins as the documentation of a terrible legend, but evolves into a true story of a monster, and that's what makes Cropsey downright frightening.
Brancaccio and Zeman don't offer any easy answers, merely throwing all of the many issues of the story of Cropsey into a melting pot of danger, terror, and secrecy.
The best, scariest mysteries don't have definitive answers, and Cropsey becomes a Zodiac-style whodunit of the spookiest order.
The conceptual, even poetic inquiry that percolates in the opening scenes gives way to flat-footed and unresolvable detective work that makes the filmmakers too important.
A documentary that delves into what happens when the ghost stories you told as kids, the stuff of urban legends, seem to come true.
... the stuff of horror films, and the way it folds back into the idea of how the Cropsey stories spread... that's the stuff that Cropsey does best.
The story of the unsolved abductions and the man who might have become the scapegoat for a community is troubling enough. No big-screen trickery is required.
Cropsey has all the trappings of a true-crime TV special, but with an undercurrent of cultural exposition that is intelligent, profound and unsettling.
Modern horror films rarely capture that pit-of-the-stomach feeling the way this movie does.
A real-life nightmare, Cropsey shakes you as well as inspires you to pursue the terrifying truth.
Documentary of a spate of child kidnappings/killings in Staten Island, New York, in the 1970s, tied thematically to the titular Hudson Valley boogeyman myth.
"Cropsey" bridges an essential chapter of American history with a nightmare legend that is still referred to in hushed tones.
Perhaps most chilling is that the movie leaves the mysteries unresolved.
The core of the story is standard TV fare (and the techniques aren't exactly original), but the filmmakers tell it with wit, verve, and compassion.
Perched at the intersection of psychological survey and serial-killer exposé, "Cropsey" loosens the girdle of the documentary form to accommodate much more than facts.
...they've gone to great lengths to raise questions in the audience's mind about the [Rand] case. The answers they've found are questions, their conclusion, inconclusive.
On several levels, this film is a real-life horror story that puts most Hollywood movies to shame.
This horrifying documentary stirs up, if not confirms, your worst fears.
In this thriller documentary, filmmakers Barbara Brancaccio and Joshua Zeman discover that the urban legend that haunted their childhoods is terrifyingly true.
Gripping
Cropsey continues what's been a welcome trend this year toward documentaries with strong, surprising narratives.
Zeman and Brancaccio structure the film as a sort of homemade murder procedural, where pavement-pounding crowd-sourcing proposes an alternative to the modern cold-case staple of DNA evidence.
Frequently riveting and certainly creepy.
Infinitely fascinating for the way it lays out [its] puzzle pieces as well as the interesting local characters the filmmakers encounter on their way to learning the truth themselves.
With tinkling thriller music and dramatic voiceover narration, this modest but engrossing first-person documentary comes on like a true crime caper.
The latest Cinema Purgatorio release is really a scary story told in the dark, in the get-this whisper of documentary.
The central concept, that we are watching a community respond to the literalisation of one of its most cherished urban myths, can't quite stand up against the facts of the matter.
The portentous narration and manipulative horror-film aesthetics turn what might have been a portrait of a boogeyman myth's lingering societal role into merely a crude episode of 48 Hours.

@highlight

Riveting and bone-chillingly creepy, Cropsey manages to be one of the best documentaries and one of the best horror movies of the year.