Steve Jacobs' adaptation of J.M. Coetzee's Booker Prize-winning novel Disgrace fearlessly pares back the layers of post-Apartheid South Africa within the microcosm of a father/daughter relationship.
If you know the novel, you're likely to feel that something has been lost here; if you don't, you still have the film's monotonous pacing to contend with. Still, Jacobs has directed an intelligent, intriguing drama.
This chilly film gets surprisingly close to the tone of Coetzee's precise prose.
Surprisingly successful adaptation.
It's an enormously complicated story with great potential for reductive schmaltz, but this is avoided thanks to Anna Maria Monticelli's sharp, sensitive screenplay and superb performances.
A perfectly cast John Malkovich gives a superb performance in a powerful and intelligent study of a man coming back from the brink.
It's hard to say what this solid but unadventurous film adds to Coetzee's powerful source material.
A worthwhile film which is concerned to do the right thing by a modern classic.
It's a faithful adaptation, but one that's been indifferently shot by director Steve Jacobs, whose blunt technique tends to flatten the book's morose charge. Still, the acting is often excellent.
This disquieting drama serves as a platform for Malkovich, whose eloquent performance draws you in with great compassion.
Not a comfortable watch... but still powerful and clear-eyed.
As the last shot lingers, you long to find out what happens next.
This is tragic inevitability at one mile per hour, extending into a slow, sunbaked danse macabre the drama's heartbreak and the guilt, anguish and wrath.
The visionary gravity of J M Coetzee's Booker-winning novel is perhaps untranslatable to the screen, but Steve Jacobs's film is a very creditable try.
The screen version does not disappoint and features an outstanding performance from John Malkovich.
So packed with big issues that it sometimes feels like a bit too much. But it's provocative and fascinating, and never offers any easy answers.
Engaging, powerful and absorbing drama that doesn't offer any easy answers but exerts a tight grip, thanks to a terrific performance by John Malkovich.
More convincing as an allegory, but faithful to Coetzee's acerbic, alternative view of S. Africa's future than the usual uplifting themes of reconciliation and forgiveness.
A lethal look at the after-shock of apartheid. Tough to watch but bearing a powerful message.
The movie eventually begins to wilt under the sober, plodding direction of Steve Jacobs, but the thoughtful screenplay gives Malkovich a complex, increasingly reflective character arc that he plays with great feeling.
The film struggles in its attempt to balance the thought-provoking overtones with the human drama at its core.
The person snoring next to me is a perfect example of how colossally insignificant this fatiguing and strenuous flick is with its implausibility, unrecognizable characters and tattered plot line.
Demanding but ultimately rewarding...
Unfortunately, though Malkovich remains a compelling and cerebral screen presence, he comes off as too innately detached and prickly to elicit much empathy (not that his character is asking for it, mind you).
Disgrace is an ugly movie, at times torturous to watch. It probably needs to be.
If the historical context for black anger is lacking, Jacobs nonetheless builds tension with excruciating effectiveness and dreamlike detachment.
I awaited the closing scenes of Disgrace with a special urgency, because the story had gripped me deeply but left me with no idea how it would end. None -- and I really cared.
Newcomer Jessica Haines is transparent and heartbreaking as the prof's unorthodox daughter, a victim of violence as the old ways crumble.
An unfocused and contrived drama that lacks a palpable emotional core, but John Malkovich's raw performance makes it at least marginally engaging.
Disgrace" is an infuriating allegory about a sacrificial victim. Becoming a martyr never looked so pathetic.
Individual or societal in thrust, 'Disgrace' is hampered by a lack of resolution and the impenetrability of motivations.
A simmering lead performance by John Malkovich anchors Aussie director Steve Jacobs' surprisingly deft screen adaptation of South African Nobel Laureate J.M. Coetzee's widely-acclaimed 1999 novel Disgrace.
Steve Jacobs' elegantly disturbing film follows the exploits - or, more accurately, the exploitations - of 52-year-old professor David Lurie, a dissolute aesthete whose erudition does little to mask grotesque character flaws.
After a compelling opening act and some shocking late-film developments, the film feels disengaged from the action at hand and the issues raised.
I cannot tell a lie. I derive great satisfaction watching John Malkovich act.
A faithful, compelling screen adaptation of J. M. Coetzee's Booker Prize-winning 1999 novel.
It's not Coetzee's assertion that the white minority South Africans must go a ways toward assimilating into African life to remain relevant that invites deep scrutiny, but the narrow vision presented here of Africanization as something akin to wilding.
A powerful and disquieting film about racism, sexism, and the hope for reconciliation in post-apartheid South Africa.
Of all the people one might think of, watching this appropriately disturbing film translation of Nobel Laureate J. M. Coetzee's heralded novel, I never imagined I'd be thinking of Michael Vick. But there you have it.
An absorbing and therefore entertaining piece.
Though overwrought in its early scenes, the movie quickly settles into an intelligently faithful rendering of a calling to account, whose visceral power and political implications need no hyping.
Malkovich gives a compelling and touching performance as a lit professor who embarks on a journey of discovery and self-evaluation after being involved in a sex scandal with a student, forced to confront the new realities of the post-apartheid era.
a slight, crude metaphor for South Africa's shame.
For all the care and perceptiveness that's gone into this impressive adaptation, Malkovich's essential iciness means the tragedy eludes us.
What makes Disgrace difficult and rewarding, among other things, is its ruthlessly clear-eyed sense of its own terms, its refusal to find easy comfort or solutions.
It's hard to believe this film is Jessica Haines's first screen role. As Lucy, the South African actress proves herself more than equal to Malkovich.
A light, unsatisfying and rather unsubtle version of the famous novel, with John Malkovich playing the disgraced academic experiencing the personal effects of social change in South Africa.
This is a most unusual Australian film, but a very powerful one.
Australian filmmaker Steve Jacobs also covers himself in glory here, addressing Coetzee's provocative prose with an insightful restraint that was nowhere to be seen in his directorial debut, La Spagnola.
Near-flawless casting through the film ensures it will be recalled as one of the year's outstanding dramas from Australia, or anywhere.
Disgrace is disquieting, confronting viewing, and it's also quite brilliant.
Malkovich's unabashed performance drives a fierce fable which seems intent on forcing viewers away.
The film is a rich, textured and emotionally engaging experience that challenges our ethical and moral views about South Africa
Desire and its consequences are at the heart of this complex drama that has the power to shred us emotionally.
A focused, absorbing meditation on race, class, history and sex.
It departs from conventional story structure and refuses to play much of anything safe, and while those are admirable (and too-rare) qualities, it also makes it a tough picture to connect and engage with.



@highlight

Featuring outstanding performances from John Malkovich and newcomer Jessica Haines, Disgrace is a disturbing, powerful drama.