Raunchy blockbuster spoof is over the top, dumb.
It plays out like an overlong Comedy Central skit lurching for the next laugh without any remorse for the gross misfires in between.
Maybe these movies are popular, but it seems they just keep getting more inane with each variation on the theme.
A painful regurgitation of memorable moments from recent Hollywood blockbusters, the spoof film Epic Movie is almost entirely devoid of laughs.
sucks
Sucks like a black hole.
The parody is not a bad genre, as the early Zucker films showed us. It's just been put in the control of bad filmmakers.
This one is a typical time-waster for teenagers or others with disposable income and underdeveloped taste.
This movie is like a sneeze of bad jokes splattering its germs into the air we all breathe.
There's very little that's Epic about Epic Movie. While the film has plenty of fun, it's little more than a late-night comic sketch stretched to feature length.
Go rent Blazing Saddles instead.
...juvenile at best and flat-out lame at worst...
click to read review (though I have no idea why you'd want to)
Desperately unamusing comedy that lurches clumsily from one tedious spoof to the next, under the mistaken impression that just referencing a film is enough to get laughs.
Epic in its crapness.
The most excruciating, unfunny film you'll see this year... if not your entire lifetime.
Next to Epic Movie and Date Movie, the Scary Movies are French cuisine.
...another perfect storm of not funny.
Friedberg and Seltzer's most staggering achievement is rendering "Epic Movie" free from laughs.
The gutter-brow auteurs who helped write the first Scary Movie and created Date Movie milk their lame sketch-comedy minds for yet another punishingly uninspired skewering of Hollywood hits.
Friedberg and Seltzer are completely tone-deaf when it comes to the art of film parody, conjuring none of the adolescent brilliance of Airplane! or even the good-natured irony of 2001's Not Another Teen Movie.
When you start thinking that the Taco Bell pitchwoman is perhaps too good for the material, you know the script has some serious problems.
It is just too bad that the film isn't called Miniscule Movie because that is a better description of this epic-less piece of garbage.
Funnier than Date Movie, not as funny as Scary Movie 4. (Is) a "free" page on MySpace the new indicator that (a film is) pretty cheap all around?
Epic Movie is a comedy that is so spectacularly bad in so many ways that it's almost awe-inspiring -- at every point in the film, every creative choice seems to have been made for precisely the wrong reason.
It could be worse, but that's not saying much.
A laugh-deprived misadventure.
Despite all the scatological high jinks on display, most of the satire is affectionate rather than merciless.
Woefully unimaginative, obvious and numbing...Epic Movie is lazy and toothless in its inability to satirize material that doesn't need the hysterical microscope.
The makers of Epic Movie have just discovered the existence of urine, vomit and pimples, and declared them hilarious.
How can you make fun of such self-aware subjects as Borat or Johnny Depp's winkingly fey Jack Sparrow? Who hasn't already noticed Tom Hanks' bad Da Vinci Code hair? And really, is there anything left to say about Samuel L. Jackson and those snakes?
Everything you loved about the past couple of years' blockbusters, only much less entertaining and with a lot more urination.
An amateur-hour game of Spot That Reference, intended for people who crack up simply at the mention of anything topical.
Epic Movie strays so far from the solid fundamentals of filmmaking that it calls the very foundation of humor into question.
The latest spoof from knucklehead screenwriting team and first-time directors Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer.
The film never becomes anything of its own, however; it merely jumps from spoof to spoof, often with tenuous transitions.
You know a movie parody is in trouble when you can't quite figure out the frame of reference for the parody.
I've always loved parody. It's too bad that garbage like this is what passes for it these days.
The real problem with Epic Movie is that while it does a decent job imitating films, it never bothers to make fun of or have fun with them.
The cinematic equivalent of a tapeworm, this delivers few laughs beyond the initial chuckles of recognition.
What you miss most is the shamelessness and wit that Anna Faris and Regina Hall have brought to four installments of Scary Movie. In lieu of those two, there are exploding pimples, a tongue frozen on a pole, and industrial-strength projectile.
Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer must be stopped. For the last 10 years, this filmmaking team has created a series of spoof movies so feeble, shoddy and unfunny that they may be part of a diabolical, Manchurian Candidate-like plot.
Writer-directors Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer seem to think a half-baked imitation of the original constitutes instant comic gold.
Satire points up and emphasizes truths that have gone unnoticed, punctures pretension and tweaks the self-important. Audiences laugh at the unexpected revelation of truth. Epic Movie does none of that.
Unfortunately, this film fell flat and its filmmakers seem to have lost the ability to translate the humor in a satirical way.
What makes Epic Movie such an unpleasant endurance test isn't its rampant stupidity or slavish reliance on crude humor--it's the sheer laziness on display throughout.
Look what happens without the Wayans brothers' pens.
Can a picture really be considered a parody if it merely parrots rather than satirizes its source material?
It's generally considered bad form for a critic to advocate the kidnap and torture of specific filmmakers, but I'll tell you this: If you did it, and you confessed to me, no way would I turn you in.
At times there is no visible difference between this and the fictitious film ***, the two-hour, single-take, Academy Award-winning shot of a flatulent gluteus maximus from Mike Judge's Idiocracy.
Thankfully, the crude, scatological parody Epic Movie, unlike the movies it sends up, is short.
Bad taste and worse jokes abound. Epic Movie's humor isn't tired; it's comatose.
Extravagantly [expends] elaborate sets, special-effects, music, costumes and actor look-alikes for the sake of a few lame gags and a legion of crotch-kicks.
What was the last studio picture this bad? Maybe 2002's The Adventures of Pluto Nash. I've seen more talent in my cat's last dump.
On January 26th, I have witnessed what is assured to be the worst film I will behold all year.
Because nothing in the universe is funnier than watching Jack Sparrow or Willy Wonka break out into hip-hop gyrations.
One of those throw-everything-at-the-screen-and-see-if-anything-sticks movies...In this case, nothing does...All terrible--puerile, vulgar and unfunny.
too simple, too vulgar and too obvious to be Funny Movie. It's not even Chuckle Movie or Giggle Movie. It's in your face, with most humor centered around taking characters you recognize and just making them dumber
None of it makes much sense and none of its funny, and to see such truly talented performers like Coolidge, Willard and Kid-in-the-Hall Kevin McDonald, who appears briefly as a seedy, middle-aged Harry Potter, is merely depressing.
Pity [the producers] couldn't find anything funny to do once they'd built the sets, and found dead ringers for Anna Paquin, Paris Hilton, P. Diddy and Jack Black.
Friedberg and Seltzer are nothing if not intrepid and they jump right into his Willy Wonka and his Captain Jack Sparrow, landing with such a leaden thud that they should be nursing their wounds for the rest of their lives.
In this latest and tiredest Friedman/Seltzer puff piece the law of diminishing returns persists.
Thankfully, at 90 minutes, Epic Movie is anything but epic. Unfortunately, there is little else to be thankful for in Friedman and Seltzer's latest and most meagre lampoon.



@highlight

A crude comedy with nothing new or insightful to say about the subjects it satirizes.