It's an experience that even the youngest child can understand and embrace.
The backgrounds lack the usual Disney ostentation, which keeps the sights from overpowering the words.
The Prophet is baffling and frustrating, and I can't recommend it because I do not know who this is meant to appeal to. Just read the book.
As a calling card for eight indie animators, it gets the job done.
The eight vignettes are visual magic compared to the Disney-lite narrative framing, so the whole thing eventually feels like it is dragging. This will work on dvd though, where fans of the original material can choose which scenes to watch at leisure.
An interesting experiment that compiles different styles of animation in a single film. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting project, but it misses it's target completely. [Full review in Spanish]
As it often happens in these type of films, the end result is uneven, but there are a couple of outstanding segments. [Full review in Spanish]
The fact that the film abuses some narrative elements make this a tiring, tedious, and at moments, a boring film. [Full review in Spanish]
An affectionate and endearing proposal that dignifies the human spirit. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting cinematic experience that mixes poetry, music, animated sequences and relatable characters. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a strong message about achieving what seems imposible. [Full review in Spanish]
There's no room in theatres right now for movies that just want to ilustrate text, no matter how deep and poetic it is. [Full review in Spanish]
Too child-directed and broadly characterized; the commercial-minded, Disney-style high-stakes is a padding out of pondering-ness to ponderousness. This adaptation's more pose-y and cutesy than question-posing or poetically profound.
The real star of The Prophet is the animation. The visuals make this a film a craft of art that also has spiritual uplifting of words.
The simple, Disney-style look of the framing story merely feels like a delivery system for those dazzling depictions of wisdom, and the most memorable lesson is that there are so many more glorious ways to tell an animated story than Disney-style.
Gibran encouraged his readers to savor every drop of life, even the bitter ones, and viewers should relax and savor every panel of this film.
The animators are uniformly talented, but wildly divergent in styles.
As a visual experience, many of the animated sequences are beautiful. But, without the focus of a traditional screenplay, the story drags a bit and even feels tedious.
... an acquired taste but a frequently powerful examination of spirituality and relationships for those in the right mood.
Neeson's gentle, sonorous voice perfectly underpins these visual extravaganzas.
What makes The Prophet worth watching is the animation.
Simply put, this movie is gorgeous from start to finish.
If you are a fan of Gibran's work, this film is recommended for those sections, just be prepared for some schmaltz to go along with the transcendentalist philosophy.
The Prophet gets a Disney makeover that's ultimately even more disturbing than it is cloying.
The film accords well with its earnest source material.
Unfortunately the drawn-out, drably rendered framing device that strings together these flights of fancy does them no service, and the devout detours merely detract from the minimal appeal of the story.
With top-shelf talent like Bill Plympton, Tomm Moore and Nina Paley on board, it's no surprise that the segments are as attractive as they are different.
For audiences interested in an earnest, inspirational story, full of timeless messages and beautiful animation, this is a lovely reminder of how to live life with purpose and joy.
While high-minded and well-intentioned...a bit of a bore, despite some striking images.
A consortium of animators bring ample visual splendor and life to Gibran's words of wisdom.
It mostly tended to confirm my suspicion that all those kids toting the book around in high school and college probably had Rod McKuen posters on their walls, too.
Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet is full of ideas and teachings that will majestically soar miles above most children's heads.
...particularly well-designed inspirational posters.
World-renowned animators interpret classic Lebanese poetry.
One can easily imagine a theater filled with baffled adults and suddenly tired or antsy children.
I've discussed the film's threadbare plot at the end for a reason. It's of tertiary importance to the overall experience of watching Khalil Gibran's The Prophet.
The eight independently produced vignettes, culled from Gibran's larger work and strung together by director Roger Allers to create a storyline where there was none, are an entertaining lot.
The film is likely to attract new readers to the book - and remind longtime fans why they were attracted to the writings in the first place.
A calm, visually beautiful fable of peace, love, and understanding in the face of oppression.
Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet beautifully updates a beloved global classic for modern family audiences, with a dazzling array of animation styles to fill the eyes (and to hold kids' attention).
In a summer filled with too many action/adventure films, "Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet" is a lovely break from all of that nonsense.
Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet offers splendid animation and occasional pearls of wisdom, wrapped in a vexingly dreary narrative made much less tolerable by its erratic tone.
A wildly ambitious and frequently fascinating film that moviegoers of all ages should find both entertaining and provocative in equal measure.
If Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet doesn't succeed as a fleshed-out fable, though, it's at least able to convey the text's spiritual core through a veritable smorgasbord of animated aesthetics.
Readers who regard Gibran as source of profound wisdom will delight in this celebration of his work; skeptics who dismiss his poetry as portentous and overblown should wait for the disc to come out and enjoy the imagery with the sound on low.
This collection of eight mini-sermons falls flat.
A work of words as lovely as "The Prophet" deserves a better artistic interpretation than this animated venture, which consists mostly of pedestrian, '70s-quality visuals.
Gibran's little life lessons have been turned into three-minute haiku by different animators and spread across the film. Each one soars, even if the plot holding them together is frustratingly Disneyish.
You get the gist of what he's saying, but at a certain point-near the third quarter of the film, I'd say-the prophet's ambiguous words start to grate.
Dreamy children will probably be fascinated, and in the process they'll see a world of Middle Eastern culture seldom shown in films.
Works as a who's-who of animated talent, if not so much as a cohesive, complete film.
"Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet" is achingly well intentioned, but not especially well executed, and its failings as a film can't be overlooked.
A kids film for anyone who mistakenly thinks that the one thing that would improve animated masterpiece Fantasia is an overwhelming number of pretentious aphorisms.
Lovely. And as deep as you let it be.
A consummate sampler platter of the bounty of state-of-the-art animation currently available as alternatives established major-studio house styles.
...like surveying the desert cart at a nice restaurant...part of the experience is the fact that so many different (and delicious) treats are on offer at once.
A content-rich and visually impressive animated film presenting eight profound and poetic wisdom teachings.
The result is a film that I would feel comfortable showing to my children but that manages to offer up some remarkably complex and adult ideas in a way that makes them seem fresh, no matter how familiar you are with the book.
[A] rather enjoyable and tender film.
Lovely at times but something of a bore as a whole, the film's wisdom is too adult for kids and its story too simple for grown-ups.
For the older crowd, The Prophet is certainly a treat. For those unfamiliar with the work of Gibran, it will hopefully open eyes to some incredible writing.
Allow yourself to be swept along with it, don't dig too deep and you will find that it is a genuinely effective combination of words, pictures and music.
The Prophet goes about imparting these wisdoms with an almost eerie lack of affect. Everything feels like a spiritual manual, a step-by-step guide.
A work of essential spiritual enlightenment, elegantly interpreted by nine of the world's leading independent animators, all tied up and wrapped in a family-friendly bow by "The Lion King" director Roger Allers.

@highlight

Kahlil Gibran's the Prophet is a thrillingly lovely adaptation of the classic text, albeit one that doesn't quite capture the magic of its source material.