Comedy sequels frequently deliver on being terrible, but Ride Along 2 is a case of extreme laziness. It's nothing more than an attempt at once again making gangbusters during the doldrums of January
The heat is off.
The plot is generic and hardly matters.
If you've seen the global trailer for "Ride Along 2," you've seen the entire movie.
Ride Along 2 may be the first mainstream comedy in years to feature a cast this diverse and for that it deserves some sort of accolade. But that's it. Otherwise its the same eye-rolling numbskullery as the first.
The shame of it is that the two leads have good chemistry together -- along with some decent support from Ken Jeong and Olivia Munn -- but they're stuck in a paint-by-numbers cop story that spends more time on its twists than being funny.
This second helping does little more than add a bit of Miami glitz to a formula that wasn't especially inspired to begin with.
Ride Along 2 follows in the indifferent footsteps of its predecessor.
You chuckle, maybe laugh for a hot second. But you want more.
Ride Along 2 stretches the premise of the original paper-thin ... The unlikely glee of the original is thoroughly gone this time around.
There are only so many bad things you can say about a film that left you genuinely bored and watching the clock, but there really isn't a redeeming feature and all I can say is, you'd be better off giving this one a miss.
A wholly generic and predictable cop movie, not just in its plot but down to the tiniest details of its aesthetic.
About as much fun as a parking ticket.
Unfortunately, thanks to a lazy and often absurd script - an angry alligator also makes an appearance at one point - whatever vision birthed this sequel just doesn't add up.
Ride Along 2 tries hard but has little that is new or unexpected to offer.
Those who loved the comedy stylings of grim-faced Ice Cube and motor-mouthed Kevin Hart from their first hit buddy-cop venture will find nothing to complain about here.
... Offers more of the same - to diminishing results.
The first film's director Tim Story's also on board, but there's nothing much he can do with this material.
It doesn't quite take itself or its audience all that seriously to try something new.
The harder Hart and Cube try this time around, the less funny this so-so-sequel becomes.
It's a buddy-cop action comedy of the sort that you have seen approximately infinity times before. It is also, of course, a good Ice Cube movie.
While he's a delight to watch, there's also something exhausting in watching Hart exert himself for a film offering him very little in return. He deserves better, as does the audience.
However watchable the second outing may be, Hart and Cube should pull up to the curb and bring their much-milked ride to a stop with this sequel for fear of exhausting the formula even further.
Everybody plays straight man to Hart, who here is more grating and less funny than he was two years ago in the first Ride Along-and not nearly as good or as funny as he can be.
Ice Cube and Kevin Hart reteam for a sequel no one really asked for, following up their lacklustre 2014 action-comedy with a film that's even lazier.
Buddy comedies usually need two people willing to do something for a laugh to really work - one guy trying twice as hard really isn't enough.
What it does do - is allow you to park your brain in neutral for 100 minutes, laugh at some silly jokes... and then walk out of theatre and immediately forget it ever happened. And there's nothing wrong with that. In fact, it's kind of refreshing.
A lamentable sequel to the surprise 2014 hit.
...who, aside from undemanding teens, is the intended audience for these films?
Gives us more of what we expect, but less of what we want.
The same journey, with about the same number of laughs, as the original.
Not good, then, but not especially terrible and infinitely preferable to the excrescence of Hart's previous outing, Get Hard.
The film is likeable but nowhere near as sharp or as funny as you hope it is going to be.
Take a seat if you're happy to see Another 48 Hours in Rush Hour with Bad Boys.
You could make a better feature by repeatedly throwing a camera into a lake.
Dubious police procedures, by-the-numbers buddy-cop-comedy shenanigans, and characters who hate one another, none of which is as fun as it sounds.
All but the most devoted Kevin Hart fans will feel slightly cheated by a lazy film from returning director Tim Story who seems happy to deliver another in a lengthy list of disappointing buddy cop sequels.
As deprived of humour as it may be, Ride Along 2 is also pleasantly, stubbornly watchable.
Sequels don't come much lazier than Ride Along 2, which is kind of ironic, because the original 2014 hit was already pretty damn lazy.
This is one ride that never goes anywhere you don't expect it to with Ice Cube again under the impression that sullen means charismatic with Hart's frantic gurning and pratfalling bound to repel as many potential fans as it attracts.
Story directs at a lacklustre pace, which suggests he signed on with the returning cast purely for a pay cheque, while parallel romantic subplots beggar belief.
Frankly, it's been a while since I liked a film less.
The only real crime that needs solving is how Ride Along 2 managed to escape production prison and was allowed to assault our senses and insult our intelligence.
The first hour of Ride Along 2...has no laughs. Zero.
It's barely there. You could go along, but you won't do a great deal of laughing along.
Even by generic sequel standards, this is painfully complacent stuff, with clearly coasting co-stars and a script that can barely be bothered to stitch its scenes together.
(Hart's) silliness is so annoying it's excruciating to sit through.
This sequel is funnier, particularly when Hart suffers some kind of humiliation or takes a beating. This can't be healthy, for Hart, or for the audience.
Ride Along 2, which picks up not long after the first film ended, doesn't mess much with the formula, except that everything feels more frayed and tired this time around.
Recycled buddy-cop comedy, filled with silly slapstick...
It's a transparent attempt to cash in for all involved.
The studio's strategy: Hire the same director, employ the services of a couple of the same writers, offer the same standard-issue plotting and similar comic riffs, and then kick back and practice saying, "Show me the money."
Hart and Cube are too good to settle for hawking leftovers. They deserve better. So do we.
for better or for worse (depending on your opinion of the first film), you're getting more of the same with Ride Along 2
Destined for heavy rotation on TNT, to be half-watched for a few minutes at a time by channel-surfers and laundry-folders.
Ride Along 2 is an uninspired retread of its predecessor, but manages to reach the (low) bar set for this action/comedy franchise.
Where the first movie let peppy Kevin Hart riff on absurd situations while Ice Cube stood around looking stone-faced, this sequel is overwhelmed by plot and a lack of comedic set-ups.
The whole film amounts to one tossed-off idea after another.
Hart and Cube's pairing should be comic gold, a chance to be daring and topical. Unfortunately, the writers behind this series wouldn't recognize a half-decent joke if it were read aloud to them like their Miranda rights.
"Ride Along 2" is a catalog entry in Universal's library, and a line number on a ledger, packaged to hopefully deliver a predetermined return on investment. If that sounds exciting, just imagine how much fun the movie is.
Formulaic sequel has violence, some funny moments.
The banter-y jokes are lame, the writing unimaginative, the plot thinner than a thong bikini and the performances so limp and lazy they seem to evaporate in the Florida heat.
It doesn't help that the two are plugged into a by-the-numbers crime plot that plays like a fifth-season "Miami Vice" episode. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
A heartless, hollow sequel that squanders what little charm one could glean from the original.
Life's too short.
If you didn't like Ride Along, do you really think Ride Along 2 is the movie that rights all of the past wrongs?
Ride Along 2 - everything one would expect and less - is over-the-top imbecilic.
"Ride Along" was a surprise hit, earning $135 million and becoming Ice Cube and Kevin Hart's biggest starring vehicle. "Ride Along 2" is essentially more of the same, and Hart is its driving force. Ride with it.
Ride Along 2 - propelled by an unintelligent, predictable story line and enough gunplay and explosions to eradicate a small nation - is good for a few belly laughs. But not much more.
Sequels aren't usually a challenge, but it's always nice when a filmmaker actually tries to do something. This movie is strictly on autopilot.
This isn't going to change anyone's life, but it's good for some cheap laughs, which is all audiences really should expect.
A low-wattage sequel to a comedy that wasn't exactly glowing in the first place.
Kevin Hart clowns, Ice Cube growls. Rinse and repeat.
The terminally listless filmmaking often makes the cast look bad, and it rewards the audience's time investment with mere shreds of disposable, skimpy escapism.
Like any serving of junk food, it seems engineered to give you that initial rush of satisfaction, but leaves you in a dead zone where the only thing you want is more of the same.
"Ride Along 2," it may not surprise you to learn, is a lot like "Ride Along," only less so.
Eddie Murphy, please come back and show these clowns how it's done.
If you thought the first one was fun, taking another spin won't disappoint.
Ride Along 2 lacks emotion, runs long and doesn't precipitate enough laughs.
You'll have to be satisfied with a modest assortment of energetically comic moments here, because the story sure isn't a reason to catch this encore, and neither are who-asked-for-'em cast additions such as Ken Jeong.
As always, Hart unleashes his manic energy on the audience, but his heart doesn't seem to be in it the way it was in the original. Maybe he's getting tired of the shtick, too.
Hart has the talent and the charisma to take it to the next level and do stellar work in more challenging fare. In "Ride Along 2," he's on cruise control all the way.
Worse than failing to reach the bar set by its influences, it's never clear if director Tim Story is intending to emulate, pay homage to, or parody.
Hart delivers every line as if he's frantically trying to delay his own execution; Cube speaks with only deliberate, terse scolding, like he's clarifying a request to Siri.
Although the plot is pretty bare-bones, it's propped up by plenty of gratuitous dialogue and imagery that do nothing to further the story.
"Ride Along 2" takes quite a bit of time to pick up speed - and doesn't have the verve and energy of the first film - but it has its moments, particularly when Hart hits the gas on his signature zingers.
All the blithe sexism and tin-eared comedy of a Michael Bay movie and none of the budget excess...gives new meaning to 'lazy.'
Ride Along 2 really only works if you buy in to the chemistry between Ice Cube and Hart, and it takes a little time for the banter to become entertaining.
Hart's willingness to throw himself down the stairs for a laugh pays off when the substandard script comes up short. Which is close to always.
To watch "Ride Along 2" is to get the sense of a screenplay that was never right, that was just pushed along on the faith the actors could rescue it.
The first one was better but this one gets the job done.
The implausibilities, cop-movie checkboxes, and mildly wasted talent make Ride Along 2 lazy, but not downright loathsome.
As cop comedies go, "Ride Along 2" gets the job done. But this sequel to the 2014 hit comes across as a significantly less funny rehash.
At best, "Ride Along 2" is what you've seen in every other comedic cop movie. Nothing outstanding, but mindless fun.
"Ride Along 2" pretty much employs the same crowd-pleasing blueprint as the initial go-round: Ben and James are at odds. Ben and James must capture a bad guy. Ben blunders and James fumes.
Were the screenwriters hoping Hart would improvise the jokes as he went along? Or thinking that fond memories of "Miami Vice" would guide the audience through?
Just more of the same, which means it's not very much...what was mediocre in the first go-around is no better in the second.
'Ride Along 2' is déjà vu all over again. Only déjà worse.
To call "Ride Along 2" rubbish is unfair to rubbish, which at some point had a purpose.
Though some of the jokes land, that's entirely due to the performances; there's not one example of clever writing in the entire picture.
Both the stars and the filmmaker are phoning it in, mistaking volume for wit and punches for punchlines. It's a dispiriting waste of abilities on both sides of the camera.
By the end of the film, you're likely to want to shoot Kevin Hart in the face yourself.
With a script that's about as inventive as the title, Ride Along 2 does little more than rehash the formula that two years ago teamed Ice Cube and Kevin Hart in an amiable if unambitious action comedy.
For better and for worse, it's neither better nor worse than the original Ride Along. That's because it's essentially the same movie.
Ride Along 2 may be a little bit funnier, but its formulaic buddy-cop plot doesn't stretch to be a bigger, more ambitious sequel in any sense.
Shouldn't Ice Cube know better?
Movies may not write themselves, but the script to Ride Along 2 feels close to automatic.
Ice Cube and Kevin Hart reteam, and add Ken Jeong to their ranks, in this tired, witless and potentially lucrative sequel.
Ice Cube thrives when he has good material. And Ride Along 2, unfortunately, is not good material.
Certain films can choog along on the charm of its performers, who might periodically make one forget that a film like 'Ride Along 2' isn't just lazy but actively bland.
'Ride Along 2' is a painfully unfunny retread that can't even live up to the meager pleasures of its predecessor.
The first film at least had the virtue of novelty - it was interesting, for a while, to see how the two actors interacted - but by now they're locked into their roles, and a familiar, strictly pro-forma plot.
Like your smartphone, it's a testament to the theory of interchangeable parts, a perfectly engineered product that, if you're charitable, you might also think of in terms of art.

@highlight

Ride Along 2 presents a cop-comedy sequel whose well-matched stars can't break the law of diminishing returns -- or lock up a script that unabashedly steals from the original.