While the story has some logical (not to mention theological) inconsistencies, it is well-paced, well-produced, and very well acted.
Unfortunately, while [Little Boy] may make you shed a tear at the end, it's for all the wrong reasons.
I need to take a shower.
The audience at which Little Boy is aimed will have no problem assimilating the film's themes of faith and miracles. But there's also plenty to admire here for those less inclined to buy into the filmmakers' worldview.
A shamefully miscalculated tale of whimsy and come-to-Jesus inspiration with a bizarrely inappropriate haze of Norman Rockwell-esque nostalgia.
The movie seems utterly and sincerely well-intentioned -- which is why what happens in it is so jaw-dropping.
The twists and turns may feel a little forced, and a few moments might even be shocking. But Little Boy squeezes the most it can from a quality cast and the best of intentions.
While its religious context may prove off putting for some viewers, it's a heart-warming tear jerker for the family, or those who just want to see a boy fight for his dad to come home.
The movie lumbers on for 100 minutes with hardly a believable frame to show for it.
It's a film made for a family audience, aimed at children but good enough for grown-ups to enjoy. [full review in Spanish]
Any reasonable chance to become poignant or profound is squandered by an approach that tries so hard to yank at the heartstrings that it unintentionally feels more cynical than uplifting.
For all its unsubtle sentimentality, it remains unclear whether Little Boy intends to celebrate the conviction of belief or to mock it.
A small film that stands tall in the field of family entertainment.
Filmmakers have been manipulating moviegoers' emotions since the beginning of this art form. However, rarely has one film been so patently blatant in those efforts than "Little Boy".
"Little Boy" is shamelessly sentimental, highly manipulative and wears out its welcome. Yet despite all that, I still enjoyed the film, for the most part, thanks to an endearing performance by its young star, Jakob Salvati.
... home-front family drama of hope, friendship, and faith, shot through the sepia-tinged light and faded hues of nostalgia...
Funny, inspiring, great family film
There are too many messages here, and too many of them mixed or conflicting.
The result is savvy, but shallow: Monteverde may end up selling more tickets, but he won't change any souls.
Despite boasting several important moral lessons, the period piece is more artificial than a polyester teddy bear stuffed with Splenda and Cheez Whiz - and about as appealing
Young boy's faith pulls heartstrings in sentimental drama.
One of those films that oozes with all-too-obvious manipulation, but nonetheless manages to be entertaining enough to just barely overlook or at least not mind the trickery. (Full Content Review -- Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Built on good intentions and flimsy ideologies, this film collapses, undoing any good it has done by moving from moral to moral with the same attention span of a child.
It's meant to be a tale of uplift for faith-based audiences, but instead wears viewers down with a heavy-handed narrative, an overbearing score and voiceover that spells out everything in cringe-inducing, folksy tones.
The movie starts down an honest path near the conclusion, but Monteverde and Portillo can't follow through on it.
Tolerance, World War II history and faith are served up with a sticky sentimental gloss in the family film "Little Boy."
A movie that has the haranguing inspirational tone of a marathon Sunday-school lesson.
I just wish the filmmakers didn't feel like they had to hit us over the head with all the moral pontificating to get their point across.
hard to hate... but easy to dismiss as well.
"Little Boy" is a as phony as a game of three-card monte.
"Little Boy" answers a question most tear-jerkers wouldn't have the nerve to ask: Can the bombing of Hiroshima be manipulated narratively, if briefly, into a position of warming our hearts? The answer is no.
This is an ersatz version of the '40s based on other movies' ersatz versions, a Candyland-colored world seen from a child's point of view if that child was a 30-ish filmmaker.
Terribly earnest and earnestly terrible...bungles its good intentions in a welter of mixed signals and mangled messages.
Little Boy is guilty of trying too hard. Had it just focused on a youngster's heartbreaking efforts to get his father home from the war, it would have been a touching tale.Sadly, that story gets bogged down by overly sentimental plot lines.
The lessons are so pat that every moment in which Pepper makes a good moral choice feels like an act of self-congratulation.
One of the most insightful films about religion since the 1977 comedy "Oh, God!," which also wrangled with personal beliefs and unprovable truths.
It will likely appeal to the faithful, but that's as far as it goes.
Emily Watson plays the boy's mother and Tom Wilkinson turns up as a gentle parish priest, so this must have looked better on paper than it does onscreen.
The film has a good cast, and is competently made in a plain-vanilla way, but its greatest appeal will be to those who share its endorsement of traditional religious values.
A confused mess of Christian morality parading as entertainment, and one that no benevolent God would wish upon the world.
It takes no genius to guess where this story is going, but whatever dramatic validity the movie had is lost in the have-your-cake-and-eat-it finale. It's a jaw-dropper.
"Believe the impossible," the tagline commands. It's a promise this shameless film has no intention of breaking.
Honestly, it's difficult to fathom how a filmmaker can, on one hand, so capably handle his film's faith elements but so mishandle others.
Instead of being rated PG-13, this one should be slapped with the label PG-65, because it's hard to imagine anyone younger than that getting caught up in this earnest, obvious fable.
Somewhere amid the storytelling rubble in "Little Boy" there's a decent message against racial prejudice. But it's suffocated beneath a hokey premise and hopelessly square execution.
A good cast and an overload of sincere teachable moments can't quite redeem this misshapen faith-based period piece.
This movie could make you pre-diabetic. That's an observation, not a criticism.
[A] cynical, poisonous, deeply stupid film ...
The problem here isn't theological; even if it were in service of a different message entirely, the sheer gracelessness of Monteverde's storytelling would be a massive turnoff.
It conveys life experience to such a sentimentalized degree that the world comes to resemble only the sham of a Norman Rockwell painting.
The entire picture, though well-meaning and even thoughtful, is finally just a little too gooey.
A drearily sincere movie about faith and tolerance, Little Boy boasts plenty of good intentions but very little else.

@highlight

Well-meaning but manipulative on a horrifically misguided scale, Little Boy is the rare faith-based film that many viewers may find legitimately offensive.