Epic, intimate and gripping.
Harrowing German drama is a real cliffhanger.
The mountaineers climb for reasons that have little to do with nationalism - reasons the film clumsily attempts to articulate in words. It's far more successful conveying those inspirations with stunning images of them scaling daunting heights.
Very likely the best movie ever made about mountain climbing, with some barbed commentary on life under Nazism.
It's Kolja Brandt's gloriously edge-of-the-seat/seat-of-the-pants cinematography (much of the film was shot on location) that really packs a natural wallop.
The images of the Eiger are both majestic and harrowing, and the action is as exciting as in any mountain-climbing movie to date.
I have no idea if anything beyond the essentials is accurate. A good deal of it feels more like a 1930s movie than a 1930s event
A straightforward, wickedly suspenseful Man vs. Nature saga of the type that rarely gets made any more.
Philipp Stolzl worked in the same dangerous conditions as the original climbers, and we can feel the chill and peril in our bones. It's a shame, then, that the screenwriter, unlike the camera crew and the characters, was afflicted with such timidity.
There's no subtext and not much character development, but those aren't really missed.
The romantic subplot is underwritten and overwrought. More compelling is ... the impressively harrowing mountain footage.
North Face" is something of an old-fashioned epic shot with modern wisdom and technique, a man vs. nature flick that also weighs the importance of the individual vs. the social while exposing the mean cost of vicarious thrills.
Harrowing historical yarn mixes Third Reich manliness and white-knuckle mountaineering
Some of the plotting (credited to four screenwriters) is too conventional and convenient, and the clunky running time is a problem - two-plus hours of this material is too much.
With knuckles alternately white from suspense and black from frostbite, the alpinists get progressively harder to tell apart. But the most compelling character, for all its brutal enormity, always was the mountain.
The word "gripping" doesn't do it justice.
This white-knuckle adventure is a literal and metaphoric cliff-hanger that gets a spectacular foothold on an unforgiving mountain.
The result is terrifically suspenseful even if one already knows the outcome.
While the movie is never dull, its romantic fodder doesn't do justice to any period at all.
Some of the shots must have been made on sets. None of that matters. I was on the side of that mountain all the way.
Most of the action is set on the Eiger's north face, and because this true story is not well known in this country, I was gripped by the very real surprises that occurred there.
Although about 30 minutes too long, it is still interesting with phenomenal cinematography. It's an exhausting sit, but bring your parka.
The film puts us on the cruelly beautiful mountain alongside the climbers as they inch up treacherous limestone crags and unstable ice fields. The fear of falling is palpable.
Forget Hitler, Fanck, and Barthes. North Face is the most exhilarating thriller of the season.
A remarkable true story, North Face is another dramatic demonstration that sport and politics are indeed often fused, welded together by man's triumphalist nature
The story has a bit of everything, but it is the conflict between man and nature in the film's second half that holds all the trumps
One hates to be overly hyperbolic about a movie in February, but let's just say I'll be very impressed if a movie grips me with its tension as much as did this for the rest of the first quarter of 2010 (how's that for an ad pullquote?).
Five writers were responsible for the script, and the characters consequently have one or two generic characteristics and no inner life of their own; they've been committeed to death.
You don't have to be a Nazi to be totally mesmerized by the intense drama on the Eiger: the nimble ascent, the calamities that befall our noble climbers, and the pitiable disasters.
Kolja Brandt's cinematography is stunning, but can't rescue the end from some wince-inducing "Ain't no mountain high enough" heroics.
North Face is a spectacular, suspenseful bummer.
Stölzl makes the smallest details loom large.
...once the climb commences, the film catapults into a heart-pounding (and heart-breaking) action thriller of the highest order.
Ssuspenseful, meticulously crafted, harrowing and thrilling. It's an incredible true story about courage and the power of the human spirit.
It is impossible not to put yourself in the boots of the mountaineers clinging to a sheer, icy rock face during a blizzard that threatens to send them into oblivion.
Kolja Brandt's hand-held cinematography and Philipp Stolzl's direction keep the suspense level high. Unfortunately, somebody decided to insert a superfluous love story involving a completely fabricated female photojournalist.
The historical backdrop is fascinating and an important part of this story, but there's a pervasive sense that director Philipp Stölzl and his screenwriters soft-pedal it as much as possible in order to exalt their heroes.
for all the tension-fraught, high-altitude rappelling and cliffhanging, the screenplay has little to counterweigh its commitment to historical truth
Exactly what the magic of movies is about, giving you a risk-free front-row seat that still manages to make you feel like you're caught up in the action.
Cleverly playing on the genre's propagandistic ties to the Third Reich, the film reflects the tragic arc of National Socialism in each ominous crevasse and in every grandiloquent gesture.
Climbers who know the famous tale needn't be warned of spoilers: Shot on location, the film is slow, realistic, and excruciating in its latter stages.
Slogs through an hour of frequently rote exposition until it hits its riveting groove when the rappelling and piton-hammering take over.
Gripping account of a tragic 1936 mountaineering expedition features extraordinary climbing footage.
Like "Touching the Void," "North Face" is one mountain-climbing film you will never forget.
Awesome scenery and bourgeois banality combine to produce an overlong, occasionally scary film about extreme mountain climbing.
A well-crafted, visceral piece of historical filmmaking.
It's the snow-bound scenery that really steals the show.
Brilliantly shot, utterly convincing footage of young men inching up a vertical rock face proves nerve-racking and a worthy tribute to the true-life bravery of 1930s climbers. It's gripping and fascinating in equal measure.
Stölzl captures the period idealism and propaganda perfectly. The terrific footage of the climb is an almost unendurably tense watch.
Stölzl films their harrowing ordeal out on the "Murderwall" with tremendous skill, but the rest of his movie is lumpen to say the least.
Director Philipp Stoltz proves a master of tension, cruelly juxtaposing the climbers - caked in ice and ravaged by frostbite - with the idle sightseers, gorging on champagne while casually gauging the mountaineers' progress.
Anyone who loved Touching The Void will be moved by what turns into a quest for survival. This film has a bigger budget, more spectacular shots, a touching love story and a historical backdrop of the Nazi thirst for glory.
Much is wrong in Philip Stölzl's film. But in this column you don't get the highest recommendation for perfection (if there is such a thing). You get it for touching greatness. You get it for haling the heart out of a viewer.
All the more astonishing because it is true and shot with some flair in Philipp Stölzl's film.
A gripping German drama with jaw-dropping photography, great performances and an emotionally engaging script.

@highlight

A tense and gripping spectacular piece of snow-bound historical German film-making.