If you've bought into the Saw movies, II ups the violence without totally jumping the shark, and is a worthy follow-up to the original.
While Saw II isn't as good technically as its predecessor, its many clever twists, and exploration of Jigsaw's mind make the second entry a fun guilty pleasure watch.
The film doesn't take the direction most sequels do and manages to adequately follow up the original.
In every way superior to its predecessor in terms of performances, story, characterization, gore, and climax.
like the story, hate the directing
A Reloaded style one-up in which more people are trapped in bigger places and forced to perform scarier tasks with nastier results. Wow.
Quite hideous.
The ornate sadism isn't enough to carry our interest this time around.
By no means a masterpiece of the genre, but it's a slickly made picture that more than delivers on the promise made on its poster--oh yes, there will be blood.
Ultimately uninteresting.
The slaughter in Saw II is pretty much non-stop, but you always see it coming. The movie's not really that scary, just gross in what by now is a fairly routine way.
It's an unpleasant film with grotesque imagery, but Nine Inch Nails' "Closer" video is more unsettling than this mostly predictable bloodbath.
Saw II feels like an episode of Fear Factor or Big Brother with Rob Zombie at the helm, and if that doesn't scare you away from this ridiculous movie, well, feel free to indulge your questionable tastes.
Saw 2 gives talented, creepy-looking character actor Tobin Bell the chance to shine again as the cancer-ridden serial killer.
Saw II is a nasty piece of work ...
A grimy and relentless portrayal of high-tension cruelty that's excruciating to watch but as riveting as a nail gun to the nut sack.
In a fun house like this the elaborate tortures seem to leave behind the real world of pain and suffering for the realm of slapstick; they're the kind of horrors that make you scream and laugh at the same time.
To enjoy Saw II, one must have enjoyed Saw. This is a given. As to which is better, this is a fairly pointless question given how bad both of these movies are.
[Jigsaw] is like John Keating from Dead Poet's Society, if Keating used hypodermic needles and hacksaws instead of Walt Whitman.
... a sequel that shows some of the same boldness and intellect of the first one.
This macabre follow-up to 2004's low-budget horror smash can't rival its predecessor's fiendish ingenuity. But it makes up for it with a deliciously devious plot and enough gory shocks for a dozen Halloweens.
Ainda que relativamente engenhoso, o roteiro depende excessivamente de coincidências e revela-se pouco original, além de não conseguir criar um único personagem com quem o público possa se identificar.
Bousman a su trafiquer la facture originale pour en accentuer l'impact et la rendre, aussi étrange que cela puisse paraitre, un peu plus crédible.
It's not slick, it's not empowering, and it's not pretty. But what it does -- efficiently exploiting our primal fears -- it does pretty well.
Saw II is pure schlock, which was clearly the intention: grimy grainy photography, flashbacks that strike like lightning bolts, plot holes galore and no jokes to speak of.
Veni vidi vomit. That's Latin for: I came, I saw, I saw 'Saw II.'
The raucous results: Saw II is a shameless spectacle of squirming and squealing without maintaining much solid suspense in its warped, blood-clotting heart
Jigsaw returns, this time as self-styled family counselor.
An utterly sadistic horror picture that exists for no other reason and has no discernible point apart from getting horror fans to shell out a few bucks.
If you saw the first "Saw," you'll want to see "Saw II," too.
It was like finding the peanut butter cup in a sea of Mounds bars.
One of those rare sequels that surpass the foundation it was built on.
...is supposed to jar you, but here's the funny thing about 90 minutes of bludgeoning and bloodletting: It usually just leaves me numb.
[T]he earnest message-ification... vies with the meaningless and sadistic violence as the most stomach-turning aspect of the flick.
... the bad news is that there's less (Jigsaw) innovation... the good news is there's no crying Cary Elwes.
needlessly revolting
An ugly, joyless horror movie that deserves to be tossed into the business end of 1988's "Woodchipper Massacre."
The rare sequel that improves upon its predecessor, Saw II is an exploitation flick with style and skill to go along with its stream of red stuff.
Saw II is bound to give fans of the original a real buzz.
In 'Saw II,' both the cops and the victims are so dim the whole elaborate exercise hardly seems worthwhile.
Unable to deliver the single novel concept or unexpected surprise that might justify its existence.
By referencing horror masters Dario Argento and Wes Craven, the film invites comparison to much better movies, [with] none of Argento's style or Craven's savagely sardonic of sense of humor.
Quite possibly Saw II sheds enough blood to satisfy horror aficionados.
The problem with the big game is that it doesn't have that same fear factor - a deadly gas? (You can't see any impending doom, except for a couple of phlegmy coughs).
The second Saw isn't as accomplished or precise as the first, but it's well worth watching because, in an era when most movies are forgotten before the popcorn is digested, it makes you feel something.
As it was in the first Saw, audiences are faced with insane leaps in logic that sabotage the last part of the film.
The film's one-note dialogue, insufferable characters and lack of scares make Saw II just a tedious exercise in explicit violence.
Saw II only has one ambition -- to make us squirm. And it does. Just don't be surprised if you need to switch to an electric razor after this.
Not a total waste of your serial-killer dollar.
Saw II -- better-acted than its predecessor, which isn't saying much -- is so gratuitously, sadistically violent, and to such little end, that it finally falls over dead on the far side of obscene.
Promising unnerving thrills, Saw II delivers.
Saw II has teeth, and this house-of-horrors franchise has legs, though they're manacled to the radiator.
At the very least, with Saw II, you get what you pay for.
The serpentine plot is logical; the acting is passable and the film creates a palpable atmosphere of paranoia and tension.
A greater number of humans in peril doesn't mean better terror in Saw II. It just means more hammy acting, smashing, yelling, begging, burning, cutting and stabbing.
If you can sit through Saw II without gagging, gasping or covering your eyes, you are made of stern stuff indeed. And you should seek psychiatric help, since you might be a closet sociopath.
Even hard-core horror can go too far. Saw II is as punishing as it gets. It's effective, all right, but to what end? Certainly not entertainment.
I saw Saw, I saw Saw II, and I have lived to tell about it. Aren't you glad?
Factor in the unintentionally funny dialogue, the hey-look-over-there attempts at making you jump, and you'll see that the real trap here is the price of the ticket.
Saw II lacks quite a bit of the cutting edge that made the original such a guilty, grisly pleasure last year.
The makers of Saw II have taken great pains to hide the twist ending to the film. I'd love to reveal it out of spite, only because it hints that I'll be sitting through another Saw sequel next year.
If anything, this blood-spattered, stomach-churning sequel to last year's serial-killer thriller is even more moronic, more overplotted and more convoluted.
Saw II goes to great lengths to be smart and not just viscerally but intellectually provocative. An admirable ambition, but it just makes the movie even more silly when it fails so utterly in the effort.
For the tough-as-Leatherface horror crowd who want to be bruised and battered by their entertainment, Saw II represents a cut above in the genre.
No point in labeling this a horror film. This is a sadism film, and while all good and great horror films know what sadism tastes like, a sadism film settles for nothing of lasting, imaginative horror.
Saw II is not for the faint of heart. It's for the foolish of wallet.
Director Darren Lynn Bousman... creates wincing images of bloodshed, cut rapidly to the point of nausea, to cover how idiotic this luridly thrill-free thriller really is.
Coupled with the distancing cop/killer face-off, the erratic pace may cause viewers to tune out long before a twisty ending that manages to be satisfying, if not surprising.
Eventually ... the movie benefits from the courageousness of some atypical story choices, and rallies to a passingly respectable if still extremely middling standing.
With 'Saw II,' to misquote Sherlock Holmes, the game's a-flat...Despite the makers' almost desperate efforts to shock and surprise, proves a curiously dull blade.
Unfortunately, or fortunately if you're hoping Lion's Gate Films takes a bath for pretending that sadistic pornography is fun fare for Halloween, the movie [is] pretty dull.
It gets off to a really rough start, and it never really redeems itself until the end. But do know that it does redeem itself, and that's what makes it a worthwhile film.
It lacks the sick imagination of the first film, the demented audacity of its twisted scenarios.
Do you want to hear something really scary? Saw 2 is one of the best horror movies of 2005.
I've absolutely no problem recommending this sequel to those who adored the first entry, or anyone just looking for a cold blast of unfiltered horror nastiness.
mimics the original without quite catching what made that original worth seeing
In the long run, Saw II is a better film than the original, but that's like saying being kicked in the groin is better than being punched in the face.
... this time around the ordeal is less grueling than simply distasteful.
Saw II doesn't exhibit a steep decline in quality from its predecessor. Take that as you will.
Saw II almost was a total loss until the end, which almost saves the movie.
Just not as clever as the original...wait to rent it.
In spite of the film's few flaws, Saw II remains a worthy sequel - if only for Bell's wonderfully entertaining performance and the jaw-dropping finale.
One-part "Silence Of The Lambs," one-part "Ten Little Indians" and still carrying a lasting dosage of "Se7en," "Saw II" reveals a horror franchise to be reckoned with.
...the premise of the second is hackneyed, its acting weak, its score thudding and its direction and production values low rent
What's worth noting is how much greater deliberation was given to the marketing than the screenplay of this cursory dud, rushed to theaters exactly a year after its amusing predecessor.
Think gore, gore and more gore. That's all the filmmakers can deliver from a concept that's already broken its teeth.
The most horrifying moment is saved for last: when you realize things have been obviously set up for yet another sequel.
Essentially, this is one more movie that, regardless of its setting or even planet, exists to knock off its cast members one by one.
Saw II, directed by a newcomer, Darren Lynn Bousman, delivers practically humorless frights and hair-raising tension.
The Saw movies go to such great lengths to craft original stories, they should be appreciated as one of the great soldiers of creativity in cinema.
For the most part the film succeeds in producing a frightening Halloween weekend experience.
When you feel most sorry for Jigsaw when it's all over with, there's maybe something wrong.
Although not as clever as the original, Saw II takes its cuts.
Way better than the rest of the slash-by-number horror films we've seen so far in 2005.
Saw II is, all things considered, a superior film to the first installment.
Not so much better than the first movie, just not nearly as bad thanks to a bigger budget, better writing.
This is entertainment?
You'll be hard-pressed to find a shred of the perverse ingenuity that made Saw so effectively unnerving.
Generates a decent amount of suspense before totally self-destructing with a preposterous ending that's also a shameless setup for the inevitable Saw III.
La conclusion est donc la même que le film précédent : les amateurs de morbidité ne voudront pas manquer.
Saw II repels, morally and aesthetically, and while some -- including the filmmakers, perhaps -- may take this as a compliment, it isn't intended as one.
Though the sequel has its moments of fun and surprise, it essentially fumbles Saw's motif of reasonable men pushed to shocking extremes.
Saw fans -- and there are plenty -- will be pleased.
In the interest of the film's themes of absolution, here's a free pass to the half-hearted original for giving way to this subversive brain-jiggler with perfect plot creases.
improves on all of the first film's problem areas, while leaving intact everything that was good about the concept.
The contest is close, but Saw II is just barely a better B flick than Saw.
While it's far from perfect, this "bigger, faster, more" take on the now-familiar Jigsaw killer scenario improves on most of the mistakes of the original.
Bigger budget, bigger cast, and more blood. Will deliver for Jigsaw's fans.
Real porn is more dignified than this.
If the machinations don't quite make the startling impact of those in the original, they also far outshine the pedestrian mayhem on display in the current horror glut.
Cooking up new Rube Goldberg torture contraptions isn't enough to get Saw II out of the shadow of its unnerving predecessor.









@highlight

Saw II is likely to please the gore-happy fans of the original, though it may be too gruesome for those not familiar with first film's premise.