This is an after-school special with an A-list cast.
It might look and feel like a "TV movie," but Fanning wills 3 Generations toward something richer and more nuanced - something that matters.
This film's generational awareness is a welcome change from the mainstream media's usual treatment of LGBTQ issues as different than other, traditional sexual concerns.
Despite its promise, there is nothing modern about 3 Generations and its approach to trans representation.
3 Generations has its heart in the right place, but everything else about it is spiraling into too many directions
... aspires to be both heartfelt and provocative, yet its melodramatic approach just scratches the surface of its relevant subject matter.
Director Gaby Dellal's 3 Generations encourages its audience to look at the transgender community with a humane and compassionate eye, but her film will probably reinforce more perspectives than it changes.
3 Generations clearly means well, but it attempts to tell a "universal" story about changing family dynamics and the physical shifts of puberty via a specific phenomenon which it does not truly comprehend.
"3 Generations" starts with a unique and intimate point of view, only to become yet another indie drama about the difficulties of motherhood.
"3 Generations" feels focus-grouped into existence, like its every development was fine-tuned to be as inoffensively on-message as possible in its treatment of trans issues.
3 Generations is contrived, but the heartfelt performances keep the threadbare material on track-witty, warm and wise.
The writing and the acting on the part of the entire cast dovetail nicely into a modern familial tale well told.
This is a movie that derives most of its suspense on whether a piece of paper will be signed, not a strong basis for dramatic tension.
3 Generations is well-intended and heart-warming, but a mess, and problematic besides.
3 Generations goes a long way toward fostering empathy in an (art-house) crowd-pleasing package, with warmth and humor and soap opera-grade drama.
If you can look past the sitcom humor, that late-in-the-game melodrama and the usual cliche about the mature child in a family of immature adults, "3 Generations" does a few important things.
In the end, 3 Generations wants to to be about trans issues more than it really wants to live in them.
Performances stand out in earnest drama about trans teen.
Another bloodless example of Hollywood's cowardice in grappling with the world as it is. 3 Generations doesn't cut deep into the torn-from-the-headlines issue of trans rights. In fact, it doesn't cut at all.
Takes on the topic of gender dysphoria with a talented cast but not much to say.
When this well-acted picture calms down and focuses on real emotions, it proves a poignant, absorbing look at a modern family.
Good intentions abound in "3 Generations," a movie about a New York teenager transitioning from female to male, but they lead to a certain overzealousness.
This uninspiring film, starring Elle Fanning, Naomi Watts, and Susan Sarandon, struggles to find what it wants to say, probably because it doesn't even know what to call itself.
Yet another film where non-trans people learn valuable life lessons, complete with lots of hugs, while the actual trans character's story takes a backseat.
[Dellal] way overcranks the "movie" neuroses of her three characters, muffling any human spark.
Dellal often seems like she doesn't know what she wants to accomplish here, resulting in a forgettable effort.
The main character is too often pushed to the sidelines so that the filmmakers can indulge tired family-drama tropes.
A "new normal" family grapples with a gender-transitioning teenager. Not dull, but not really credible either.
It spends 92 Weinstein-approved minutes on the verge of telling a compelling story, and winds up stalling out telling a worthwhile one.
About Ray is another self-congratulatory film made for and by cis people about how great they are for allowing other people to exist.
An authentic familial drama that's universal no matter its wild relationship machinations.
Equal parts earnest public service announcement and screwball family drama, About Ray has more issues with identity than its titular character.
How does a film about a transgender teenager manage to morph into a conventional romantic melodrama?
After her character's trans cred is fully established, Fanning is pushed into the background and About Ray starts to feel like a bad Neil Simon comedy.
This family drama about an aspiring F-to-M trans teen waiting for parental approval works mainly because of its excellent cast.
It misses the opportunity to jump from informational to insightful.
Dellal's likably chaotic direction and a bevy of solid performances make sure the film's beating heart outweighs most of its contrivances.
It's frustrating how uneven and cutesy the movie ends up being.
While it's hard to hate, it's even harder to like.
It's involving but seldom deeply affecting, with the core drama continually shoved aside to examine more commonplace matters of parenting, abandonment and broken families.
About Ray is not, in the end, a triumph, but is still good and necessary viewing for its subject matter.

@highlight

3 Generations squanders a worthy premise on a thinly written story that focuses on dramatic signposts at the expense of genuine character development.