[Hannibal Rising] is a handsome and involving macabre drama, with a pathos that tempers the horror-movie shocks.
The guy's about as intimidating as a mildly irritated kitten, and that certainly doesn't up the creep factor.
Over twenty years after "Hannibal the Cannibal" made his film debut in Manhunter, the Dr. Lecter saga peters out with this misguided sequel.
Un intento forzado por seguir explotando el personaje de Hannibal Lecter, vistosamente filmado y producido pero sin otra excusa argumental que intentar explicar lo inexplicable.
o Webber mazi me ton aytokanibalisti Thomas Harris frontizoyn na makelepsoyn enan ap' toys pio eikonikoys haraktires tis mythologias toy tromoy toy aiona mas, kai na ton ypobibasoyn se enan akomi fonia mias opoiasdipote tyhaias slasher tainias, me proshim
There are some pretty sadistic torture scenes for the gore hounds -- but ultimately this pointless prequel is about as thrilling as a wet towel.
The material knows it is a prequel, and acknowledges such with tactics that consist of taking viewers from beginning to end in the most straightforward way possible...
Hannibal Rising isn't much more than appetizer.
A ponderous, uninspired portrait of a serial-killer-in-the-making with Webber missing every opportunity to build suspense and deliver chills.
Uma ótima fotografia em serviço de um roteiro ridículo que se torna ainda mais patético em função do péssimo protagonista.
An origins movie that follows the serial killer's early years. As you might expect, those years didn't involve much time in a sandbox, unless of course Hannibal's spade was used as an instrument of death.
Each successive follow-up to "The Silence of the Lambs" makes further sense of that 1991 film's top five Oscar sweep. Let's hope "'Rising" is the last; it's certainly the least.
The most terrifying movie of the new year.
And now, the prequel Hannibal Rising, which answers several questions: Where did Hannibal come from? What made him what he is?... It does not, however, answer the better question: Who fricking cares?
If Hannibal Rising catches fire, it may spark a new literary trend with Hollywood aspirations--i.e., when old monsters were kids
Alas, in our current Oprah-fied, memoir-ridden, tell-all culture, even the great screen villains now suffer from dopey developmental traumas explaining away their misdeeds.
"Memory is a knife," warns Murasaki, who lost family in Hiroshima. "It can hurt you." You can only hope the image of the doglike Hannibal, ripping at a victim's cheeks, fades soon.
Gone is the nuance, the mystery, the fright factor, in its place a near-campy Dr. Phibes-like obsession with revenge.
Director Peter Webber clearly wants Hannibal Rising to be a class production. Unfortunately, he makes the whole affair too artsy and staid for its own good, which results in a plodding pace that induces more eyelid drooping than tension.
This murky thriller is more of a pig's ear than a pearl earring. The actors, mostly British, speak with sinister furrin accents.
Thomas Harris is now hoodwinked by his creation's faux pedigree. He's scripted him a ridiculously Eurotrashy upbringing, one so silly, it'll remind you of Dr. Evil's memory-tripping: "Summers in Rangoon, luge lessons..."
Lecter is fascinating because he's an enigma; his deadly allure more appealing because his past is a mystery.
The movie devolves into a routine rip-off of Death Wish.
It can't sell the idea that Gaspard Ulliel's Hannibal is ever going to mature into Hopkins' complex monster, and without that, it's just a slick exercise in futility.
In the past, Hannibal Lecter has both frightened and fascinated me. Now he's just a sad shadow of his former cinematic glory, stuck in an unspeakably awful movie.
To stay invested in the dulldrum vigilantism of Hannibal Rising requires siding with a psychopath.
The film's near fatal flaw rests with the recasting of Hannibal as an admirable Nazi hunter capable of compassion, a person who bears little relation to the psychopathic misanthrope who so easily sent shivers running up and down an audience's spine.
All told, I was surprised at how much I liked the film, despite its flaws.
Hannibal Rising is basically a Steven Seagal vigilante movie with a hero who eats the people he kills. At least it's ecofriendly.
In the finest tradition of TV newsmagazines, Hannibal Lecter's penchant for serial murder turns out to be the result of a traumatic childhood.
For an absolutely unnecessary movie, Hannibal Rising is handsomely appointed, lushly if unimaginatively directed.
De Laurentis and his cronies have turned Hannibal Lechter into a young Louis Jourdan, more apt to grow up to terrify Adrienne Barbeau in Swamp Thing than Jodie Foster in the able hands of Jonathan Demme.
... serves only to dilute the delicious, mysterious evil that Sir Anthony Hopkins brought to the role... furthers only in adding to the studio's coffers.
Without Anthony Hopkins this franchise has completely run out of gas.
Much better than the lousy book. Perfect casting of French actor Gaspard Ulliel as Hannibal.
The psychobabble sympathy card doesn't play well here.
This is going to be considered the great Superhero movie of 2007...and it's only February.
Traumatic early-life experiences can only go so far, can only prove so much. Lots of people have horrible childhoods and still manage not to become flesh-eating serial killers.
You know those artsy European coming-of-age movies set during World War II, like Europa, Europa? This is kind of like that, except with a few more beheadings, and everyone in Europe speaking English.
Seeing the character's protean quirks reminds one of Dr. Evil's speech about luge lessons; it's that ridiculous.
...a plodding prequel that's more detached than a separated body limb placed neatly on Lecter's dinner plate...a boorish slice of slaughterhouse cinema.
By allowing himself to be talked into doing this Harris has diluted and sullied his most storied creating, robbing Lecter of much of his power to fill our dreams with dread and our nightmares with bloodcurdling screams of the shocking.
The most accurate title might have been "Hannibal Falling" because that's what this film does to the legacy of Hannibal Lecter.
What this nasty, brutish movie left me feeling was ashamed to be American. First of all: As a folk archetype, a supervillain for our times, this is the best we can come up with? A vaguely Eurotrash schoolboy who eats people's cheeks?
Not an embarrassment, by any stretch of the imagination, but a film in which you feel the not-so-gentle pull of commerce tugging the proceedings along.
The Weinstein Company went out of their way to make sure I didn't see a press screening of Hannibal Rising this week. Now I understand why.
Much of what makes Hannibal Lecter so frightening is the unfathomable gulf between the hypercivilized exterior and the ferocious, bloodthirsty beast beneath the refined mask of sanity. To explain his diseased mind is to rob the character of its mystery.
Tilting his elegantly aquiline features downward while hoisting one eyebrow over a dark orb, curling his lips with Grinchian deliberation, he seems to be determined to kill people on the strength of his cologne alone.
Well, it didn't stink. It wasn't great, either, but neither were Hannibal or Red Dragon, to be honest.
If they were going to show how he got to be the brilliant, charming, exquisitely cultured, uh, vicious cannibal psychopath -- couldn't they have come up with something more interesting?
You can argue that prequels to great films simply shouldn't be made. But when they are, this is the right way to do it.
The film's ugliness is less in its 'artful' death rituals, by now deeply generic, than in asking us to feel for Lecter because of his horrid, warping youth.
Newcomer Gaspard Ulliel impresses as Lecter, displaying for us a young man losing his humanity and increasing his hatred by degrees.
Hannibal Lecter does not need a creation story; he just needs to go away. The meal is over.
I'd like to think the Lecter who schooled Clarice Starling on the psychotic intricacies of Buffalo Bill would by bored by the obviousness of it all.
Hard to stomach...this handsomely appointed but turgid, dramatically inert movie simply bites off more than it can successfully chew.
Rising is a movie that solves a mystery no one should want solved, with more grisly crimes that spare us no detail, held together by an actor who is no Anthony Hopkins.
It's a handsome film, but the pace is continually gummy and the set-ups stiff and artificial. Most crucially, nothing in it vanquishes the sensation that we're being sold something superfluous.
The great thing about monsters is that they glide noiselessly from nightmare straight into myth, fully formed and eternally mysterious. To know what made them is to explain them. And once you explain anything, you begin to lose your fear of it.
There is no action-movie cliché too rusty to be wheeled forth.
I can't name an actor who could have made young Lecter as interesting as the older one, but Ulliel does not come close.
In Hannibal Rising, the bad Dr. Lecter finally enters the pantheon of movie monsters for real: Like Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees, he, too, now has a sequel that's been made strictly for the sake of a buck.
Lacking the wit to qualify as a sick joke, the ongoing saga of Hannibal Lecter has become the Grand Guignol equivalent of a shaggy-dog story.
What's left is a plodding revenge story, memorable only for the way it strips the last vestiges of interest from what was once a fascinating character.
This Hannibal is a stick-in-the-mud altogether lacking in the wit, gourmet appetites and romantic flair required of any surrogate for Sir Anthony Hopkins.
Nothing in this film has the visceral or emotional impact that would make it more than an average thriller. It just goes through the bland, mass-produced motions.
Ham-handed revenge-porn.
Ulliel's impressive facial dexterity keeps his expressions devoid of emotion, except for slowly sadistic smiles, careful enunciation, and an occasional Hopkins-worthy eye twitch.
Harris, who adapted the screenplay, and director Peter Webber are faithful to his book. Strong production values, a lush score and scenic locations work seal the deal.
As played by French actor Gaspard Ulliel, Hannibal is a playing-card joker: Ulliel performs every scene with the same dimpled smirk, which looks less like an expression than a plastic-surgery mistake.
Director Peter Webber delivers all this with a painfully straight face, and the result is actually less interesting than your average horror movie of the week.
He's just another cheap icon, set not to haunt our worst nightmares, but the cash-cow dreams of a studio looking for a franchise player.
I hope the series has the good sense to stop with this less- than-convincing beginning.
There's a certain stylishness from director Peter Webber (Girl With a Pearl Earring), but not enough good acting to make it stick.
Filmdom's greatest villain Hannibal Lecter has been both defanged and declawed.
Errors in logic will delight the attentive.
The film's ultimate failure is that it permanently taints our enjoyment of Hopkins' interpretation, borne of the unwanted knowledge that Lecter is just another victim of a bad childhood.
Formerly masterful novelist Thomas Harris continues to pimp out the serial-killing cannibal he (and Anthony Hopkins) made famous.
Hannibal Rising can't even be considered a thriller, but an overplayed and unconvincing explanation of how Lecter became a murderer and developed a taste for human flesh.
Hannibal Rising has put Hannibal Lecter in a basic revenge plot that doesn't need a Hannibal Lecter. In the process, it explains away one of cinema's legendary enigmas.
If this picture were a little more ludicrous, just a shade more inane, it might be fun to watch. Unhappily, that is not the case.
These movies have no love for the characters, nor any respect for their audiences; they're just out to generate money.
There is nothing to be frightened of here.
The scariest thing about Hannibal Rising is that this seems to indicate that there will have to be another movie, in order to explain the explanation of Lecter's evil...
When life hands you lemons, make a wild mushroom-and-human cheek brochette with meat carved from the decapitated head of the war criminal who ate your sister.
Cannibal jokes aside, director Webber successfully conjures up and maintains a mood of creepiness and unease.
An exercise in cheap pop psychology and connect-the-dots back story.
Having seen both Anthony Hopkins and Brian Cox as Lecter, poor Ulliel is on a hiding to nothing.
A psychotic Sophie's Choice. Much more a gruesome tale of revenge than it is a suspense thriller along the lines of Harris' earlier Red Dragon or The Silence of the Lambs.
Fans of the series will consider this a must-see... For people not dying to know his origins, though, Hannibal Rising is, at best, a mildly diverting thriller...
While it's fascinating to watch the killer evolve, the fact that he's always onscreen detracts from his mystique. Hannibal derives much of his intrigue from his mystery.
More resembling a gory TV movie than a real film, this will give you nightmares for all the wrong reasons.
A well-produced but slow-moving thriller that never quite roars to life.
The new prequel Hannibal Rising provides a back story that ought to have remained firmly in our imaginations.
This mechanical cash-in fails to explain how the young Hannibal Lecter became the monster we know.
How much more interesting - and scary - to have given Hannibal a perfectly happy boyhood with not the smallest occasion for anger or violence.
The more Harris has milked his creation, the more ludicrous Hannibal has become, the mystique of inexplicable monstrousness diminished with each appearance.
Akin to exhuming a once good-looking corpse; wholly unnecessary - and a bit of a mess.
A straightforward revenge drama with added gore.
Might be enough to give viewers some vicarious thrills, but it's a little disconcerting for me to see Hannibal Lecter becoming less dimensional with each new movie.
The ill-conceived Hannibal Rising plays sort of like how Death Wish might have turned out had Charles Bronson's vigilante been a bloodthirsty cannibal.
Not just a bad film, Hannibal Rising is downright dull, which is a far worse crime.
I always knew I was going to see another Hannibal Lecter movie, but did it have to be the Muppet Baby version of Hannibal Lecter?
...the film improves substantially once Hannibal embarks on his mission of revenge - with the whole thing morphing into a brutal actioner along the lines of Death Wish and Man on Fire...
As bad as Hannibal Rising is -- and believe me, it's terrible -- this fictional biography of the beloved Dr. Hannibal Lecter could have been worse.
Blemished but undeniably enthralling as dark entertainment, Hannibal Rising is one of the good ones.
...works as a thriller, but the movie is far more interesting as a clever exercise in audience implication. It forces us to consider the cannibal within.
The true treat is watching Hannibal's evolution -- and witnessing the moment when his last shred of humanity disappears.
The film naturally has its share of gruesome moments, but it's also surprisingly dull and uninvolving.
Prequel alternates between being awfully silly and awfully boring before settling on just plain awful.
As we get a chance to see him as a child and a young man, our curiosity may be satisfied, but the additional detail that humanizes him makes him far less interesting.
Rationalize Lecter's brand of pure, irrational evil and you take all the fun out of it.
Even more so than with the other Lecter movies, this prequel you should plan on seeing after you've eaten dinner. Better yet, skip the movie altogether and have dessert.
The movie succeeds on some level, but the series has definitely begun to eat its own with Hannibal Rising.
Watching the earnest but under-qualified Ulliel perpetrate Hannibal's initial grisly slayings is like going back in time to hear the screeches of a violin virtuoso's incipient swipes on the strings the first time he picks up the instrument.
By spelling out the traumas that turned a kind Lithuanian princeling into an epicurean serial killer, the movie reduces a figure of mythic evil to a jumbo case of post-traumatic stress disorder.
What Hannibal Rising is, mostly, is a hoot. Gong Li cautions the nightmare-plagued Hannibal that 'Memory is a knife -- it can hurt you.' And let's not forget the classic, 'They ate my sister.'
Critical miscalculations at every turn have taken this latest (and hopefully last) Hannibal movie beyond the realm of camp and into that special hell reserved for only the most rancid of sequels.
Hannibal is a pure killing machine, and one never senses a struggle in him between the dark and the light.
How far the bite-y have fallen.
Rising is beautifully made, its rich colors emphasizing the atmosphere of decadence and waste, but it's not especially dramatic.
Lecter is presented as a soul-dead vigilante who reserves his carnage for the truly deserving; that's a long way from the Lecter of Silence of the Lambs who kills and tortures innocent and guilty alike.
Viewers deserve more, as does the legacy of the now laughably ridiculous Lecter.
Once things get going, you might wonder why they didn't just call it Hannibal: First Blood.
This is watchable enough as a grisly revenge thriller but it would have worked better without the Lecter connection.
Trying to explain the origins of the iconic character, the film focuses on his formative years, but it suffocates due to poor direction, somber tone, simplistic pyschology and unconvincing turn by Gaspard Ulliel; it's the worst movie of the franchise.
The more we learn about the bogeyman, the less terrifying he becomes.
Hannibal Rising is a bloody good time!
Hannibal Rising is a slick and horrifying ride you are forced to experience at the edge of a knife. Washed out scenes ease your senses in counterpoint to high contrast visuals depicting the worst things human beings are capable of.
By erasing all the mystery from Lecter's past, Harris and director Webber have also stripped him of his ability to terrify, and their film, though gory and violent enough, is almost entirely devoid of shock or suspense.
You can't help thinking Anthony Hopkins would eat this kid for breakfast.
Lecter is all relish, which is fine for a side dish but unsatisfying in a main.
This is a footnote rather than a film.
This horribly ill-conceived project is fake from start to finish, without a moment recognisable as real, and the story is often so badly told as to be laughable.
Good freak-out fun for genre fans.











@highlight

Hannibal Rising reduces the horror icon to a collection of dime-store psychological traits.