Good taste is examined in all its implications in James Crump's elegant documentary Black White + Gray: A Portrait of Sam Wagstaff and Robert Mapplethorpe.
Crump's film is a vitally important document in this respect, bringing out Wagstaff's personality and vividly capturing the stories of the people who knew him.
This is a terrific documentary by James Crump about the unsung collector, Wagstaff, and his lopsided relationship with his hungry young lover, Mapplethorpe.
A well made portrait of an intriguing man, presented with a tragic but resounding weight.
Crump's film colourfully depicts Wagstaff's complex inner mindset and rarefied eye for imagery by allowing the stunning prints to linger on the screen.
Let's hope this is the springboard for a biopic on the art world's dynamic gay duo - maybe by the time it gets made we'll even have some openly gay actors to play the parts.
The movie makes its main point. Wagstaff was an important, complex, fascinating figure, well worth remembering.
Wagstaff's character accounts for some of the frustration the film induces. Crumb's documentary style accounts for the rest.
This ham-handed interpolation of irrelevant footage is the chief demerit of his movie.
Wagstaff was a fascinating figure and deserves the detailed tribute provided here.
A potent exercise in art-world mythography.
The more famous Mapplethorpe is moved aside to give Sam Wagstaff the spotlight. But the best photography in the world steals the show.
The film itself is staid in comparison to the descriptions of the '70s high life.
Black White & Gray raises provocative questions but can't answer them, or even frame them with total clarity.
Fine, but a little dry.
Draws out the unseen riches that exist within what may otherwise appear typical or commonplace.
Relatively tame retrospective about the relationship of a gay patron of the arts and his famous photographer lover best remembered for graphic, homoerotic snapshots featuring shocking sights like that of a bullwhip in a tight place.
A modest chronicle of an audacious life.



@highlight

Vital documentation of an unsung 70's art patron and his famous photographer lover. A vivid and tragic story.