When it comes to recalling the best of Hitchcock's important film lessons, here is a decent movie that at least remembers the buildup is just as important as the jolt.
Unfortunately, what starts out as a rounded and intelligent thriller soon turns up the silly for an OTT finale that betrays the tense and well-plotted build-up.
A feature-length alt-rock-soundtrack shill that merges with violin strains that would make even Bernard Herrmann blanch.
...an unabashedly high-concept premise that's primarily employed to surprisingly positive effect...
Disturbia is a well-made, very entertaining thriller.
In addition to borrowing the idea behind Rear Window, Disturbia pays homage to Hitchcock in its sense of pacing, as well, in its use of the Hitchcock's signature slow build.
Like its attractive leads, director DJ Caruso's smart teen thriller may be self-conscious, but it is undeniably appealing,
As a thriller, this is mechanical and predictable - barely one-step away from cookie-cutter formulaic - and yet the film actually works up a decent amount of genuine feeling, thanks to the cast of characters.
With all the promise to be the year's best teen scream flick, Disturbia gets lost while overly trying to please its demographic.
Disturbia takes it's time setting up the thrills and Shia LaBeouf actually acts like a high schooler.
An baleis stin akri ta almata tis plokis kai tis trypoyles poy kseprobaloyn deila edo ki ekei, leitoyrgei mia hara san kalogyalismeno efibiko thriler, poy toylahiston kanei tin prospatheia gia na se koroidepsei poylontas hip moyri, se antithesi me alla po
A limp teenage by-the-numbers version of Rear Window.
One of the big sleepers of the year.
The parts of the film that work...are surprisingly due mostly to the presence of Shia LaBeouf.
Hitchcock would turn in his grave.
Take along a good book - possibly Ted Lewis's The Serpent - and read it by the light of the effulgent clichés.
Disturbia's limits are those of its hero - an amiable, faintly clueless young man with a brief attention span.
This occasionally amusing thriller will probably not be Shia's best-remembered moment, but it is worth a peep.
Despite the interesting set-up, the action degenerates into obvious implausibility and silliness - fatal for a suspense thriller - and boredom sets in.
Caruso's no Hitchcock, and Disturbia is not as original, suspense-filled or well-acted as the James Stewart-Grace Kelly masterpiece, but for its predominantly male, teenage audience it delivers enough shocks to be entertaining.
The teen support cast are vacuous and director DJ Caruso strays a little too far into Grand Guignol territory for the over-extended climax, but Disturbia's otherwise bang on the money: $80m at the US box-office was no fluke.
Not quite Rear Window, but can certainly hold its own with The 'Burbs.
DJ Caruso's neat little thriller won't win any awards for originality (Hitch will be spinning six feet under) but it does work surprisingly well bearing in mind you can almost second guess every plot twist.
Smartly directed thriller with a witty script, a great performance from Shia LaBeouf and some hugely enjoyable suspense scenes.
Entertaining Hitchcock-lite for a generation that would rather dial P for pizza than M for murder.
Take an Alfred Hitchcock classic, remix it for generation youtube and you've got Disturbia, a smart and involving thriller about the perils of voyeurism.
Disturbia goes through the Hitchcockian motions with great skill and good humour - but among the many pleasures it has to offer its viewers, there are few real surprises.
...a decent thriller that follows the genre pretty closely, although I wish it hadn't concluded in such an obvious manner.
Borrowing a page or two from of the Hitchcock classic Rear Window (1954), this riveting psychological thriller for the Internet Age delivers as compelling a variation on the helpless voyeur theme as one might hope to find.
Though not without its weak points, when the film works, it really delivers.
Towards the end, Disturbia does unravel into something not nearly as smart but that doesn't stop the first two acts from being a slick little observation on the multiple levels of reality that surround us today.
Even though the story goes bonkers at the end, this teen thriller keeps us entertained--and on the edge of our seats.
The difficulty of keeping home confinement tense and vital for feature length proves a strain but works as a result of LaBeouf's zany energetic charm.
This is a worthy successor to 'Rear Window.'
It's neither horror, nor thriller, just a teen melodrama set to a thriller backdrop that I could take or leave...
Disturbia isn't merely full of characters who make stupid decisions, but made by filmmakers who did the same.
You'll jump as if you've had electrodes attached to your sensitive parts; but when your nerve endings stop tingling, your brain won't remember a thing.
Teetering between weirdly mesmerizing and inexplicably clumsy, D.J. Caruso's film offers a worthy investigation of voyeurism, as it pervades current popular culture in the form of reality TV and user-generated internet videos.
Whilst it plays it safe and conventional in every way - it still somehow manages to entertain and engage for much of its run time
The inherent predictability of this formula would be a letdown if not for efficient storytelling, and a great sense of what makes for good suspense without resorting to graphic gore.
Get some friends and some popcorn and settle in for a fun diversion that manages to defeat its few glaring weaknesses with real style.
This teen 'Rear Window' apparently is functioning as a suitable My First Horror Film for the young audiences that have turned it into one of the year's unequivocal hits.
Disturbia slowly builds from suspense to shocks at the cost of very few brain cells.
Asks what a teenage boy is to do when he's been placed under house arrest for assaulting a teacher. The answer? Take a cue from Alfred Hitchcock's "Rear Window" and start spying on the neighbors.
A smart, efficient little thriller that wears its heredity proudly.
A suspense thriller that switches gears far too many times mixing humor and horror.
It hasn't the openness to find a perspective on teenage life.
If Disturbia is remembered ten years from now, it probably won't be because of its standing as a superior thriller, but rather as a dead-on portrait of the current teenage generation's obsession with media and media technology.
A feeble attempt to update Hitch's classic for the teen beat generation of today.
...An involving and clever redo of Hitch's original that elicits its own suspenseful set pieces.
...slick and well-constructed (if predictable)...
A good old fashioned tension-laden thrill ride that's as satisfying for an old Hitchcock fan as it is for the Scary Movie set.
Disturbia is a decent entry in the killer thriller genre that will appeal to teens and beyond.
Would sag without LaBeouf, carrying his first movie and making credible connections with each co-star.
It's not as classy as its cinematic great-grandfather, "Rear Window."Still, "Disturbia" is an entertaining, worthwhile thriller that nicely updates Hitchcock's iconic work.
That dynamic of alienated teens versus the icily assured adult... brings a defining edge to the otherwise effectively executed but familiar thriller.
With the burden of inevitable comparisons to Hitchcock's masterpiece upon it, Disturbia carves out its own modest spot as a decent thriller until caving in to the demand for a big finish.
Assuming that reasonably competent mediocrity was the goal here, Caruso and company have succeeded in arriving at their mid-level dreams.
LaBeouf is a likable and easygoing personality, but he easily turns smug and artificial on screen.
This is a cool little thriller with some big scares and fine performances.
Tense and terrifying, the mystery morphs into a violent psycho-slasher-thriller.
If you are into suspense films and you don't mind predicting the ending very early on, then go check out this film, since it really isn't as bad as some of the previews lead you to think.
Suitably giddy with its horror-movie platitudes aimed at mocking the facade of suburban hysteria...this thriller thrives with the right amount of scrappy charm and intrigue.
The picture is as bland as its star.
'Disturbia' is a tight, suspenseful, well-acted thriller.
D. J. Caruso and writers Christopher B. Landon and Carl Ellsworth have indeed ripped off Hitchcock to some extent, but it's also quite original, and some of the visuals are breathtaking.
It eventually evolves into a credible thriller, one pointedly rather than coincidentally embedded in the trivia of its time.
Don't waste your time with this mediocre imitation. Rent the original.
Disturbia doesn't pretend to be anything other than what it is, and thank goodness for that.
Obviously, nothing is going to compare to Rear Window, but Disturbia is nevertheless a neat, well-made little thriller that's worth checking out.
Apart from a contemporary setting, nothing about Disturbia gives it an advantage over Rear Window.
Writers Christopher B. Landon and Carl Ellsworth (RED EYE), and director D. J. Caruso have avoided the trap of trying to remake Hitchcock's classic [REAR WINDOW]. Rather, this is a deft re-imagining of the premise.
Caruso ... almost lets this one wander out of control in horror mode near the end. He reins it back in just in time, though.
far deeper that you might expect from a typical teen drama.
Disturbia stands above most of its genre neighbors by realizing that it's the minutes that come before the last-minute twist that really count.
It never manages to be disturbing in an intelligent psychological sense; it opts instead for B-film clichéd shocks.
May not make kids rent Rear Window but it's still better than the Christopher Reeve remake where they never even revealed where the killer hid the body.
A blockbuster of suspense, a scorching nail-biter of a movie that will have you jumping out of your seat more than once.
Alfred Hitchcock's "Rear Window" is refreshingly renewed with teen-infused funky energy in D.J. Caruso's rollicking "Disturbia."
Offsetting the chilly voyeurism is a viable teen romance and an appealing sense of humor. Though there are occasional lapses in logic, Disturbia is consistently suspenseful and entertainingly disturbing.
Director D.J. Caruso's teen-friendly spin on Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window does so many things right that it's a shame to see it sink into horror-movie cliches.
While Disturbia does nothing to advance or honour Hitchcock, the movie succeeds on its modest terms.
For the most part a taut, careful thriller that emphasizes suspense over blood and gore.
Caruso, a very visual director, serves up some surprises and scares, and he's paced his movie briskly. You're out of this disturbing suburbia before you know it, shaken and even stirred.
If you're going to remake (or salute) a Hitchcock classic, it's fine to start off like Disturbia. It is not fine to end up like Disturbia.
Disturbia seems unsure whether to be a creepy thriller, a drama or a coming-of-age comedy. What's certain about this well-acted, visually assured movie is that, scene by scene, it's often lively and engaging.
By and large, the characters in Disturbia do all the dumb, reckless things we've come to expect -- and rightly mock -- in cheesy suspense flicks.
Unoriginal but still effective, and shows anew how well-suited themes of voyeurism (we all like to watch) are to movies, especially thrillers.
A surprisingly competent film, Disturbia lives up to its title. It's rare to find a decent film turn up in the dead of April, traditionally Hollywood's dump month for shelved oddities.
Director D.J. Caruso relies entirely too much on clichéd shock cuts and keeps pulling back every time the flick seems to be settling into anything close to a creepy mood.
What Disturbia lacks in complexity, it makes up for in witty jokes, sneaky jolts and a timeless lesson: If you've got windows, someone's always watching.
In addition to being a solid thriller, Disturbia is also a scathing indictment of life in suburbia and the movie gamely plays to teens while taking their angst to task.
A well-acted little teenage thriller that takes good advantage of visual premises and common modern technology's increasing potential for making us all avid, and even rabid, voyeurs.
Presents itself as an adolescent variation on Rear Window, updated with modern technology and steeped in the conventions of thrillers. That's exactly what it delivers. In fact, that's all it delivers.
LeBeouf makes for a likeable, ankle-bracelet-saddled sleuth, while Caruso confidently ratchets the suspense. Even the romantic subplot -- never advised in a taut thriller such as this -- is winning enough to make it a welcome distraction.
Despite the foolishness, and despite the patent knockoffs of Rear Window and American Beauty, Disturbia is a likable little thriller.
A one-dimensional thriller, albeit one more stylish than the ones churned out for the older teen-early 20s demographic.
Reasonably smart and sometimes funny -- right up until the end, when it sells out its intelligence in favor of a standard-issue dose of overwrought violence.
Disturbia will have young people on the edge of their seat, cringing and thinking at the same time.
Won't go down in history for its artistry, but it's an entertaining movie with a sense of humor and a promising star.
Every piece of the story is jammed predictably into place. Kale sees the cute girl next door; the cute girl comes over. Kale sees the killer next door; the killer comes over.
Rear Window gets a facelift for the iPod generation.
Disturbia isn't your first choice this weekend if you're in your 20s or older, but for the crowd who are about the same age as Shia and the gang, this is great Friday night material.
If not perfection, "Disturbia" achieves something more than most modern thrillers - the right to describe itself in that genre and a few others. This hodgepodge homage becomes stupid and shrill in its final reel, but it's a nifty good time.
LaBeouf and Roemer have a frisky chemistry, and the always-reliable Morse is a delicious devil.
LaBeouf, a soulful-eyed wiseguy with a complex emotional repertoire, keeps the movie interesting even after utter predictability sets in.
Okay, so DreamWorks has remade Rear Window with teens, but could it actually be good? Welcome back to the edge of your seat.
as an homage to old-fashioned suspense films, you could do a lot worse
...what the director gets right - very right in the move's first two acts - is the ways kids relate and interact in a modern world where iPods and laptops are ubiquitous, where a lot of the world is reducible to digital blips.
Rear Window redone for a more paranoid age, an age that embraces its paranoia as The New Normal, and not something to be disturbiaed about at all.
Crisp performances, a creepy bad guy, absorbing plot twists, capable direction, and a script that has some telling points to make about the way we saturate ourselves with media make this thriller, like Kale's neighbors, very watchable.
A mash-up of Dawson's Creek and The Conversation. Unfortunately, the movie begins losing its grip around the time Ronny notes that a garage smells 'like the corpse of a rotting hottie.'
Instead of manufacturing elaborate, ridiculous plot twists or imposing overwrought psychological melodrama on a basically absurd premise [director] Caruso and the screenwriters opt for efficient, clever B-movie execution.
There's something fishy about the whole film, given his success in tapping into your nervous system while disengaging your brain. But at least you can comfort yourself with the knowledge that you are being manipulated by an expert.
Fails on the scores of credibility and originality, but since it's nearly as thrilling as it is unlikely, the picture works out to be trashy fun.
Along the way, you get just enough caffeinated jolts and creepy suspense to make you feel like you didn't just waste your time.
Was Freddy Krueger on vacation? Michael Myers not taking calls? Part of the supposed "fun" of Disturbia is guessing if Turner is a menace or just misunderstood. With Morse in the role, the work has already been done for the viewer.
When the killer shows his hand, the film deteriorates into a typical slasher, complete with jerky angles, blurry footage and ridiculous, near-supernatural chases.
Some might think tackling the subject of an Alfred Hitchcock movie would be blasphemous, but everyone involved makes Disturbia good enough to stand on its own.
Disturbia's reworking of Rear Window for the YouTube generation is pretty nifty, drenching its tale of paranoid surveillance in the type of modern techno-gadgetry that's helped transform privacy from a right into a luxury.
It's no Rear Window; but it's a slick update
The most disturbious part of Disturbia is how engaging this teenage thriller manages to be, even though it's a shameless rip-off of Rear Window.
This really is LaBeouf's vehicle, and he proves to be an appealing star presence.
With dark shocks, canny laughs and teenage romance, this suspense flick is pure popcorn pleasure.
Has nowhere near the conceptual sophistication of Rear Window, where the protagonist's absorption in what he's watching mirrors the viewer's. The problem with Disturbia is that for most of the film you'll wish you weren't watching at all.
With a new gore fest being released on a near-weekly basis these days, it's nice to see a thriller come down the pike that gets under your skin the old-fashioned way: without showing you much of anything.
Works well enough -- not enough to ignore the intellectual robbery, but enough to be a derivative but fun little thriller.
The chills are genuine. And there's something very rewarding about sitting through a new version of a movie any film buff knows by heart.
Filled with both youthful angst and innocent energy, which makes for more interesting contrasts than you might expect in a slasher-next-door flick.
This movie is fun with a capitol "F," the 100 or so minutes it runs flying by almost in the blink of an eye.
[The main characters] come across as tremendously industrious and likable. They know that, for all its dangers, they are living out a teen fantasy: Spying on adults in order to get the goods on them.
The proceedings devolve into standard horror-movie effects and minimal motivations. [And] Hitchcock's original never had to resort to thunder and lightning to goose up the suspense.
The film quickly shifts from a clever homage to Rear Window to a bad parody of The Silence of the Lambs.
Like Rear Window before it, Disturbia is sly and suspenseful and full of mounting dread.
OK, so Rear Window was better plotted and more richly apportioned than this update. And so what if you can see every plot twist bearing down like a rush-hour commuter express? Disturbia still boasts a scrappy charm.
There isn't much in the way of surprise plot twists. But the predictability is offset by the movie's energy.
Ultimately seems like something of a missed opportunity.
John Hughes meets Alfred Hitchcock meets the 21st century in Disturbia, an adeptly crafted if not terribly original horror-thriller.
A sneak-up-and-touch-you-on-the-shoulder movie, rather than a smash-you-in-the-face-with-an-anvil one, Disturbia is a surprisingly satisfying thriller.
Not high art, but it serves its purpose.
Comparisons [to Rear Window] are probably something the makers of Disturbia don't want us to make, since Disturbia, for all its glitz and gadgets, is markedly inferior in everything but teen appeal.
A lot of the movie works because LaBeouf is becoming a soulful, intelligent presence on-screen.
Director D.J. Caruso takes a lot of time to develop the characters. That works to the film's advantage because the viewer winds up invested in their fate.
Guaranteed to get your inner high-schooler excited for the end of the semester.
Until the final reels it's actually a fairly nifty little thriller...Unfortunately, it goes awry in the last act.
The preposterousness of Disturbia increases at an alarming rate ... until you finally start losing track of all of your objections.
A pre-Scream horror film, wearily trudging through all the clichéd genre tropes Wes Craven gleefully deconstructed, but with a straight face and a shrill soundtrack.
"Disturbia" is like "Rear Window," only if "Rear Window" had been written and directed by morons and James Stewart had been replaced by a kid from the Disney Channel.
Who is behind the rise of LaBeouf? Didn't anyone learn anything from the stardom-forced-on-us debacles of Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett and Chris Klein?
Disturbia, unlike Hitchcock's masterpiece of urban-courtyard fishbowl voyeurism, is a Rear Window that never bothers to peer into more than one window.
The director takes a script laced with one obvious moment after another and manages to make a predictable picture even more so with staging which telegraphs every twist.
It's like someone took The Burbs and cross-bred it with the career of Freddie Prinze Jr.
Disturbia is a pot luck of comedy, romance & suspense that offers a little something for everyone.
If Alfred Hitchcock were alive today, and if he wanted to remake one of his own films for an MTV audience ... well, he still wouldn't make Disturbia.
Disturbia is disturbingly contemporary in its celebration of the technology that can make us all potential victims of the full-time snoops among us.
The gifted and resourceful Mr. LaBoeuf is a young actor worth keeping an eye on, and director Caruso mounts a neat sense of suspense with tight camera angles and judicious, fast-paced editing.
The filmmakers' belief that modern audiences will only respond to noisy, inarticulate endings dooms this movie to a last act that devalues, rather than elevates, it.
Part of the filmmakers' point is that any old nutcase might be lurking behind the drawn curtains of the house next to you in just such an anonymous locale. Still makes for a mighty limiting, boring place to set a movie, though.
Ironically, Disturbia's a thriller that doesn't want to bother you.
Disturbia is meant to infuse the suburban veneer of tranquility with an undercurrent of lurking menace and dormant depravity, and well it does.
One way you know that D.J. Caruso is a resourceful director is that he scares you silly with a minimum of violence and a few smears of blood.
The last half more than makes up for what I thought was a draggy first half. I hesitate to call it "Hitchcockian," because I think it's even better than that.
This slick and suspenseful story about the killer next door keeps you going as long as you don't think about its lapses in logic.
This by-the-numbers teen thriller is so formulaic that it makes a good date movie. You can predict what happens and devote half your time to snogging, say.
Mixes intense thrills with humor and romance ... a thoroughly entertaining experience likely to exceed what one might expect from such a simple premise.
No sense kicking this thriller for plot holes and lapses in logic when the action, suspense and flirty sex come at such a lively clip.
The film is likewise witty and intelligent -- that is, until the final act, when it eschews the tension of an unreliable point of view for modern horror elements.
A young hip hero, well played by up-and-coming star Shia LaBeouf, and clever use of new technology mark this semi-successful update of Hitchcock's Rear Window and other classics about surveillance and voyeurism.
A modest but squirmingly fun suspenser that brings Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window into the era of vidcams and cell phones, serving up hearty, youth-skewing portions of PG-13 violence and bikini-bait along the way.
Slickly shot, generally well-acted, and entirely, predictably conventional from stem to stern.
Rear Window meets the iTunes era in fun, slick suspense pic.



@highlight

Aside from its clichéd resolution, Disturbia is a tense, subtle thriller with a noteworthy performance from Shia LaBeouf.