Even when the film overdoses on its own downcastness or on dubious similes and symbolisms, you can feel why the characters as well as the filmmakers are humbled in more than one way by the conceptual intricacies and the high emotional stakes of the essent
Puenzo goes beyond medical melodrama with a talented ensemble of Argentine actors who make this weird tale breathe.
Moody and thoughtful.
treats gender issues with a hand so delicate you feel sad for everyone involved
Unexpected and wonderfully thoughtful.
The movie's images are frequently startling, its performances sharply observed and quirky, and its take on its subject matter undeniably provocative.
The struggles of those around Alex are equally moving.
Trim and briskly paced, XXY is sometimes difficult to watch, but Puenzo lets the actors explore a full range of emotions.
A contrived screenplay dilutes the unique story.
With 'XXY,' Argentinean writer-director Lucía Puenzo takes what could have been a movie-of-the week subject and instead delivers a thoughtful and deeply moving tale.
The good news is that this is an intelligent drama that is in no way exploitative.
What might be the greatest thing about XXY, however, is that it absolutely refuses to judge. More, Puenzo never feels obliged to bow to the clichés of the genre, instead allowing her picture to ebb and flow like all of this was happening for real.
XXY is the first film to address intersex identity with graceful compassion, and [director] Puenzo tells Alex's story with simple, honest and forthright integrity.
Despite its sometimes creepy tentativeness, XXY succeeds as a meditation on gender and sexuality, one that refuses an easy answer to the question, 'Is it a boy or a girl?'
It is not a message picture, never lectures, contains partial nudity but avoids explicit images and grows into a poignant human drama.
Lucía Puenzo's XXY is as finely crafted as a great work of literature.
To the director's credit, what could have been a clinical study or fact-based medical case instead unfolds as a touching coming of age tale focusing on the tender romantic angle.
A tale that could have been handled with condescending simplicity becomes a testament to the flawed but noble humanity of both parents and children.
What ensues between them, both psychologically and sexually, is one of the strangest, most fascinating dysfunctional relationships I've seen in a movie. The acting is outstanding.
...comes off as a well-intentioned yet hopelessly uneven effort...
An engrossing Argentinean film about a 15-year-old intersex youth who struggles with both her masculine and feminine identities.
The most original coming-of-age drama you'll see this year.
A beautifully made, superbly acted drama that packs a powerfully emotional punch and delivers a passionate message about acceptance.
The movie is a liberal plea without liberation.
An intimate, atmospheric character study with a lingering erotic charge, Lucía Puenzo's XXY is one of the year's most impressive directing debuts.
Argentine writer-director Puenzo invests this tricky story with real soul, bringing the characters and their situation to vivid life.
[Director] Puenzo takes advantage of her young actors' star quality, filming their scenes mostly in intense close-ups
What could easilyhave been an exploitative freak show is instead a somber, earnest drama about the issues facing intersexed individuals -- those born with male and female genitalia.
Ines Efron and Martin Piroyanski give strong performances as Alex and Alvaro, respectively. Debuting director Lucia Puenzo, who co-scripted, tackles a dicey subject with sensitivity and taste.
A somber, brooding study.
Under Puenzo's attentive yet strangely enervated direction, there's not much dramatic urgency here.
See it not only because it works as an exquisitely tendered emotional experience, but also because it is the first cinematic treatment in fictional form of a taboo-breaking ticklish subject.
It takes a controlling hand to chisel something more contoured than monotony out of this dense angst, and director Lucía Puenzo doesn't have it.
Exquisitely acted story of a intersex teenage 15-year-old girl who will not commit herself to surgery to correct the duality of genitalia.
A tough, engaging, extremely touching work of cinema.
There's a secret at the heart of XXY, but the real mystery is why writer-director Lucía Puenzo insists on unnecessary symbolic gestures for a story otherwise told with delicacy, restraint, and maturity.
The Argentine writer-director downplays the clinical angle and avoids easy melodramatic pitfalls.
Traz um final em aberto que, ao invés de enriquecer a narrativa ao honrar sua complexidade, soa mais como uma incapacidade do próprio filme em encontrar algo relevante a dizer.
Un drama intimista y sutil, alejado de cualquier explotación morbosa, sobre un tema poco transitado por el cine. Falla un poco en convicción dramática, pero algunas actuaciones elevan el interés.
Ricardo Darin... again proves that he can break your heart with a look, conveying unspoken emotion with a glance that taps you into his pain.
A quietly impressive first feature from novelist and documentary maker Lucia Puenzo.
Pic has more in common with standard child/parent conflict dramas than it would probably care to admit, but its sensitive treatment of an equally sensitive theme elevates it into something memorable.



@highlight

This sharp directorial debut by Lucia Puenzo treats the challenging subject of intersexuality with intelligence and sensitivity.