It respects the novels you love while having fun with the characters and doing some interesting things with R.L Stine. Can you really ask for anything more than a wonderful celebration of Stine's imagination?
Goosebumps is a film that delivers a modicum of timely spectacle for half-term but almost nothing in the way of convincing movie magic.
Goosebumps is not a faithful adaptation of the books, but it is a fun introduction to horror for kids.
The real stars of Goosebumps are the monsters themselves.
Goosebumps finds that balance, managing to capture not only the charm of Stine's work, but the scares as well, without straying too far in either direction.
Jack Black is the ringmaster in a three-ring circus of family horror that stays faithful to everything that made R.L. Stine's junior pulp fiction such a '90s playground sensation.
It's a good one for baby horror fans, and adults (Goosebumps fans and non-Goosebumps fans alike) will have a good time as well.
Chances are Goosebumps will prove to be a little too scary for those born after 2008 - fun for three-quarters of the family, if you will - but they'll grow into liking it.
Generic tween tosh.
The old- fashioned earnestness is welcome. Less so the lack of playfulness.
Goosebumps feels like a tongue-in-cheek kids action adventure from the 80s -- such as Gremlins or The Goonies -- and deserves to sit beside them in the genre.
[Treats] its audience to a steady stream of enjoyable human-versus-monster setpieces and delightful dummy-based physical comedy.
Breezy, funny and unpretentious-to-the-bone, Goosebumps is not the most visually impressive or graphically imaginative film, but it's a terribly fun one.
[A] surprisingly witty big-screen adaptation. Even the old-fashioned aura of the stories ... finds an excellent balance between nostalgia and bracing self-reflection.
Spooky and frenetic, Goosebumps is charming family fare. It provides delicious scares for little people and a few goosebumps for the adults, while not getting too gross or grotesque.
The triumvirate of young actors are charming but, inevitably, it's Mr Black who steals the show with his patented, hilarious bellowing. Will today's creepypasta kids still enjoy such silly fireside supernaturalism? We do hope so.
[Goosebumps] focuses on keeping the dialogue snappy, the action plentiful, and the CGI convincing as it quickly moves through scenario after scenario.
Makes the Jumanji reboot superfluous.
A goofily entertaining horror romp full of tween-friendly chuckles and scares.
Black is in good form as the enigmatic Stine, but it is Minnette as Zach who impresses most.
For the most part, the story sticks to a predictable narrative.
Jack Black gives one of his more enjoyable performances playing the writer as a Frankenstein figure -- the creator of creatures that he can't control.
This Halloween delight is served with wit and pizzazz on the side, a win-win for everybody.
The celluloid rendering of RL Stine's Goosebumps is a delightful feat.
The film is set up as a great entertainment for children who do not avoid the early fears. [Full Review in Spanish]
The picture doesn't have the satirical edge of a Gremlins but it combines a sharp, funny script with some emotional substance.
Goosebumps has a clever mixture of monsters, mayhem, comedy and romance that will remind parents of childhood favourites such as The Goonies, Gremlins or Jumanji.
Goosebumps combines cynicism with sweetness. If you can get past the slow start, woefully blank hero Zach (Dylan Minnette), and hit-and-miss special effects, you'll be charmed.
It's a little scrappy, but there's more than enough carnivalesque mayhem to keep monster fans young and old diverted.
A pacy, quirky and thoroughly entertaining family adventure.
At times as lumbering as the mantis, director Rob Letterman's semi-family-flick has a few giggles but ultimately feels strained.
Goosebumps speeds up helter-skelter in the second act and never loses its momentum, providing an eye-popping feast. Cool visuals aside, it's also full of intertextual content.
Mixing the action, comedy and horror from novelist R.L. Stein's books into a family-friendly package, this lively romp is entertaining enough to amuse the audience even when it veers off the rails.
While only providing sporadic entertainment for the over-15s, it'll keep the tween set amused to the bottom of their popcorn buckets.
The film is pleasantly enjoyable throughout, combining likeable characters with knowing gags and lively set pieces.
Goosebumps is a wicked delight, packed full of spooks and scares that should have adults jumping out of their seats almost as often as little ones.
It's great fun, combining live action with top-notch computer animation, and I enjoyed it enormously.
This teen horror fantasy (based on RL Stine's bestselling children's books) is made with an anarchic glee that, in its better moments, rekindles memories of Joe Dante's zany, tongue-in-cheek movies of the 1980s.
Goosebumps is a surprisingly funny adaptation of the RL Stine children's monster-book series, with Jack Black playing the ghoulish writer and Dylan Minnette the boy next door.
This modern riff on Monster Squad is a very pleasant surprise, and so '80s in spirit that it's a shock one of the villains isn't a giant Rubik's Cube.
This adaptation of R.L. Stine's million-selling series of horror novels for younger readers comes within a hair's breadth of Lego Movie-level ingenious, and occasionally touches Gremlins-level sinister into the bargain.
Funny, fast, crazy. It's worthy. [Full Review in Spanish]
Goosebumps is nostalgia at its most infectious.
More goofy fun than such a blatant cash-in ought to be.
A goofy kids' horror-comedy that lets RL Stine's monsters, and a hysterically over-the-top Jack Black, run amok
Fabulously entertaining and funny action fantasy with monsters running amok as they escape from the locked Goosebumps manuscripts of author R.L Stine (Jack Black)...Huge fun.
Goosebumps is an interesting attempt to turn the beloved series of books into a film, but with a story that's uninspired and a bit rushed, it merely turns into an overstuffed tale that lacks focus.
As the monsters are set free, and special effects mayhem starts to pile up, Goosebumps becomes an undifferentiated thrill ride, a slightly exhausting roll call that includes deadly garden gnomes, a teen werewolf, a giant mantis and a lot of slime.
Though the final act is a bit of a cop-out after all the good work that has gone before, this jumpy little affair is still a marked cut above what many thought it would be.
The film doesn't try hard to make the case that Hannah's as "real" as anyone else despite being from a book, though it easily could have. That's Goosebumps's implicit premise when it comes to the monsters, after all.
Goosebumps is a nostalgia ride (even if you've never read the books).
The eeks, freaks and bumps-in-the-night in Goosebumps are fine, even fun. It's the goosing of this adolescent-targeting fright-flick into a teen-romance that takes the wild romp out of it.
While kids will still have fun with this, it sadly lacks the imaginative capacity which should have been its strong point and would have made it a more endearing tribute to its source material.
Black's performance is funny enough to keep the adults superficially interested but if you're over age 12, this movie and plot is too silly to really buy into, although it's a solid choice for the kids.
A pop monster movie with lots of 80s influence. [Full review in Spanish]
Healthy and light entertainment come from this nice plot where Jack Black is our guide in a family adventure. [Full review in Spanish]
A fun horror adventure for the fans, that will also appeal to newcomers of Stine and the "Goosebumps" novels.
Entertaining, fun and with lots of charisma, but the premise the story is built on is just fascinating. [Full review in Spanish]
An amazing film, hopefully it will be the launch of a new franchise. [Full review in Spanish]
Filled with special effects, creatures, monsters, fun and even a gag alluding Stephen King, this is a fun movie for the whole family that's even better around Halloween times. [Full reciew in Spanish]
A movie to watch with the whole familiy. [Full review in Spanish]
Goosebumps is no Gremlins, but for some of the running time it does have a bit of a classic '80s feel about it.
Goosebumps is a great combination of adventure and comedy, it's entertaining and pleases everyone who watches it, regardless if you're familiar with the books or tv series. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie full of family friendly scares and humor. [Full review in Spanish]
Rob Letterman's surprisingly sprightly direction deftly walks the tightrope between comedy and genuine scares -- just the way Stine's books do.
Goosebumps is the first film I've seen that actually recreates the charm of something like The Goonies or Gremlins and successfully updates it rather than merely imitating it.
What once kept the young'uns up at night will now have them yawning way before bedtime.
We've been overdue for a solid horror film this Halloween. Who know that it would come in such a family-friendly package?
For a movie with knife-wielding lawn trolls and maniacal wooden dummies, Goosebumps is surprisingly formulaic.
More theme-park attraction than movie, and paradoxically distastefully self-congratulatory about the Goosebumps phenomenon and insulting toward its author.
It's better than you probably think, and children should love it. It looks good, is pleasant enough, but anything more than that -- probably not.
This is a pacey and enjoyable kids' horror romp that stays faithful to the spirit of Stine's books and delivers a pleasing amount of both thrills and laughs.
Movie junk food.
Like most lazily made kids pictures, the filmmakers operate on the assumption that children will sit through anything as long as the screen is filled with multicolored busyness.
While it could stand to subtract a couple of annoying characters and add a few more late-inning twists, it's still above-average entertainment for the children and adequate enough for their parents.
... emphasizes constant mayhem and widespread destruction in a frenetic effort to promote an amusement-park mentality.
While those bite-size treats don't lend themselves to a feature film, the makers of Goosebumps found a way to keep the spirit intact in a roller-coaster paced movie.
The result is a safe-and-sane pre-Halloween treat.
It's rare to see Halloween fodder suitable for the family, but Goosebumps offers a few scares with a heaping dose of humor.
If the movie is entirely conventional, from its I-can-do-this-in-my-sleep Danny Elfman score to its hey-look-here's-the-high-school crane shot, it's also entirely agreeable.
It gently mocks the traditions of the genre -- giant preying mantis rips roof off high school -- while never getting too frightening.
Goosebumps is a fun, if frantic, scary adventure for kids that even captures the spirit of R.L. Stine's original books.
Goosebumps never really appears interested in delivering situations that are truly creepy, or in allowing brave, resourceful kids to be the center of attention.
Jack Black fires up a stampede of comic terrors ready made for Halloween. Sure it's exhausting. But Goosebumps, knowing its audience, lets it rip.
It's a cheerful, nasty delight.
Goosebumps isn't detached or ironic, nor does it pretend to be something it's not. It's a bonus for fans who pored over the books and it celebrates the fun side of things going bump in the night.
It's harmless enough, and probably fairly entertaining for boys and girls ages 8 through 12. As long as they're not expecting, you know, goosebumps.
A mixed bag when it comes to technical achievements and storytelling, but it does offer the most enthusiastic cast of 2015.
There's something charming about Goosebumps... a decent balancing act between comedy and "horror," the film showcases the spirit of R.L. Stine's bestselling series.
At a guess, I'd say that Goosebumps will satisfy its core audience - fans of R.L. Stine's popular children's books - and bore pretty much everyone else.
The most fun I've had in a theater this year.
One of those rare films that looks bad based on all empirical evidence, but is actually enjoyable... for the most part.
It's done so very cleverly, very lovingly, and very effectively. I was thoroughly entertained. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
The ghouls, goblins, and Abominable Snowman all pale beside the film's biggest horror - the outdated and insulting notion that boys rule and girls drool.
"Goosebumps" isn't without glimmers of charm, but the film isn't as funny as it wants to be, as scary as it should be, or as magical as it needs to be.
The film goes too wide and gets a little soft at the end, but not fatally so. It's the rare horror film - well, sort of horror - that you and your children can enjoy together.
Just the right blend of scary, funny, and heartwarming
"Goosebumps" would seem to yield the serial pleasures a voracious Stineophile might desire.
"Goosebumps" really comes to life when the monsters come out to play.
Maybe it's for the best; maybe a truly scary story would have alienated the target demographic, or their parents.
Goosebumps goes a long way on its retro charms and spirited performances, including a clever cameo by the real Stine. And so what if the chief villain is a bit wooden? Surely that's part of the attraction.
It's the best treat we've gotten this Halloween, and definitely not just a bigger-budgeted version of the "Goosebumps" seen on TV.
Goosebumps is a horror-comedy concoction with ingredients from Monster Squad, Pagemaster, and Disturbia, but the film suffers from corny dialogue, dull characters, and cramming entirely too much material into one sitting.
Goosebumps fulfills its purpose, and that's what matters.
A tongue-in-cheek love note to spook stories of yesteryear, "Goosebumps" is a kid-friendly crowd pleaser adults can love, too.
the kind of kid's movie they just don't make anymore
Silly, spooky monster mash-up "Goosebumps" doesn't have to be as good as it is. Slyly smarter and more entertaining than it appears, adults might have just as much fun as the kids who will undoubtedly gobble up this Halloween treat.
Goosebumps is a little bit creepy, and it's a little bit kooky, and its a genuine bit of Halloween fun for the whole family -- just like reading an R.L. Stine book.
This Goosebumps ride may be bumpy, but it works and it is worthwhile.
Goosebumps isn't a completely bad film. It has some good laughs and surprisingly poignant moments of adolescent drama. But it's not nearly as memorable as its source material.
Goosebumps, despite its enticing title, remains curiously devoid of actual scares and honest emotions. Nobody appears to be in any real danger, despite being chased by werewolves, zombies, yard gnomes and an Abominable Snowman.
Goosebumps is chock full of fun moments whether they're all logical or not, and it's an adventure that should appeal to both young viewers new the series and older readers who devoured them as kids.
The production values are better suited for a television movie, and the music, by Danny Elfman, is distractingly intrusive.
As effects-heavy time-wasters go, Goosebumps is mostly harmless, even sporadically amusing. But it isn't likely to keep anyone up at night, out of fear or excitement.
The movie is breezy and fun, offering thrills for kids and a nicely nostalgic matinee vibe for adults.
The pace is great, with the last hour being an all-out monster attack, as all of Stine's creatures - a werewolf, zombies, a mummy, murderous garden trolls and a particularly sarcastic ventriloquist's dummy - go on the rampage.
Jillian Bell's brief scenes as Zach's Bedazzling-obsessed singleton aunt are fun. So is Darren Lemke's solid script, which leans heavily on groaners and bad jokes to balance scares.
A harmless slice of family entertainment that evokes the goofy humor and PG-rated scares of other Halloween classics like Hocus Pocus.
Feels like a visit to those kid-friendly haunted houses where brightly coloured ghouls jump out to say "Boo!" - the effect more amusing than scary.
As if their Adam Sandler flop 'Pixels' wasn't juvenile enough, Sony Entertainment offers what's essentially a kiddie version of it in 'Goosebumps,' a similarly misguided mixture of animation and live action...more trick than treat.
Black gets to show us his ability to play nasty, distant and angry -- all in a way we really have never seen from him before. The bottom line is: It works perfectly.
Happily, the filmmakers build a reservoir of goodwill in the first hour.
I have no idea as to the extent of the actual Stine's peculiarities, but just going from his weird, wonderful work, every scene in the movie feels authentic compared with the version I carry of him in my head.
Perennially popular children's-book characters come alive with overwhelming effects-to underwhelming effect.
A special-effects extravaganza that skips over basics like coming up with an interesting origination myth for the creepy creatures who bring havoc to a sleepy suburb.
Much as it aspires to Joe Dante-level madness, it can't help but feel a little sloppy. But it's close enough.
It's a film that's as much fun as it is creepy. It can't survive under the harsh scrutiny of horror film experts, but it is mildly chilling enough to scare youngsters.
Goosebumps is perfect Halloween season fun for the family, for monster hounds, and for devotees of the R.L. Stine form.
While wholesome in its own macabre way, it is every bit as repetitive, predictable and tame as the book series. And all without the added benefit of getting kids to read.
"Goosebumps" is a pleasant reminder it's best not to judge a book by its cover.
Seems destined to become the new movie of choice at 11-year-olds' sleepover parties.
The filmmakers, to their great credit, spend more than half the running time bending their studio tentpole release to the spirit of Stine rather than cramming Goosebumps into their template.
A family-friendly romp providing just the perfect blend of light-hearted humor and spine-tingling fright fare to scare and delight kids of all ages!
Funny and fun, the perfect scary movie for (younger) kids.
Some of the wittier one-liners and more affecting emotional moments feel undermined by the frenzy of chaotic excess.
Silly, spooky and skewed - a family-friendly Halloween treat.
"Goosebumps," a film that assembles many of the R.L. Stine's most memorable creations with noisy, tossed-off sloppiness.
Goosebumps is the cinematic equivalent of an R.L. Stine page-turner, keeping all audiences entranced with a friendly balance of minimal haunts and heartfelt comedy.
There's not an ounce of fat on the film. It feels like it moves forward in every single scene, and while it's a little mechanical about how it follows three-act structure, it's almost charmingly old-fashioned about it.
It's a never-boring trip to a world, where stories and imagination are powerful tools, that just might inspire kids to do the scariest thing of all: pick up a book.
It's cute, it's funny, it's exciting, and it'll remind you why you ever spent hours of your childhood dreaming about what might dwell in the basement or beneath the sink.
Goosebumps will serve as a colorful, energetic, enjoyable, stop-gap for the kids until they're ready for a PG-13 rating.
Goofily self-aware and wholesomely boisterous, it's a children's picture whose sense of spooky fun readily diverts from its quibble-worthy messaging.
It may take awhile to really get moving but once it does, GOOSEBUMPS is an entertaining take on the R.L. Stine's popular books.
There's a streak of old-fashioned B-movie spooky playfulness here, and when actual, motivated characters are on screen it's delightful.
On screen, Stine's frightening characters literally come to life, but Goosebumps itself never does.
An amusing, fearlessly over-the-top screen rendering of the book franchise.
Turns an endearing collection of silly spooky stories into a busy, noisy, soulless eyesore.
You can know nothing about Goosebumps and enjoy the Goosebumps movie.
Goosebumps is positioned to be the first live-action theatrical horror movie for an entire generation of emerging moviegoers.
A great dose of horror for the whole family and one of those rare films that entertain young and old alike.
So unexpectedly deft at balancing humor, drama and scares that it seems destined to become a Halloween classic, if only at slumber parties.

@highlight

Goosebumps boasts more than enough of its spooky source material's kid-friendly charm to make up for some slightly scattershot humor and a hurried pace.