Salient points about the nature of food and culture are gently made, but the tone of the film is never preachy nor didactic, and the correlations between spiritual teaching and food make for a nice series of lessons learned.
It gives one a good sense of the Zen experience in cooking.
...a charming but somewhat superficial portrait of Edward Espe Brown, Zen priest and cookbook author.
What makes her film fascinating is the idea that this calm, centered man may be about to lose his grip.
Diffuse and leisurely as a yoga breathing exercise, the film suffers from dangling digressions, but overall it's fine food for thought.
In How to Cook Your Life, Edward Espe Brown endearingly embodies one of Buddhism's guiding principles: a sense of humor about our arrogances and illusions.
How To Cook Your Life is slow and gentle, and it sneaks up on you. It ain't War & Peace, but it is the sort of film you'll think about long after you leave the theatre.
... more of a snack than a meal: Zen and the art of culinary simplicity as a temporary spiritual retreat.
A tasty dish; but you'll be hungry again in an hour
A playful and enlightening documentary featuring Zen master and accomplished cook Edward Espe Brown with nourishing tips on food and paying attention.
An unexpectedly charming and enlightening film.
If you enjoy time spent in the kitchen, you may find some surprising enlightenment in Brown's observations.
Doris Dorrie's loving portrait of Buddhist priest and chef Edward Espe Brown showcases his message that paying attention to the mundane processes of food production, preparation and consumption can be a gateway to larger spiritual revelations.
Well-intentioned but lethargic.
A jaunty mix of chanting, baking and spiritual uplift, How to Cook Your Life introduces us to the cooking classes of Edward Espe Brown, a twinkling Zen priest.
A low-key but pleasant and thoughtful examination ... The film could use a lot more time in the kitchen.
Cook and Zen priest Edward Brown is profiled in this documentary by German filmmaker Doris Dörrie (Men), who follows the witty, pleasant Brown as he offers cooking and life lessons in Buddhist retreats in Austria and California.
Brown as a subject does sometimes intrigue and he even grows emotional, but this does not necessarily make him more endearing.
The Zen priest who dominates the film as its talking head is laid-back to the point of being soporific and engages in speech mannerisms that could make even an adolescent hit the ceiling.
The film is directed with humor and a sense of openness that is quite Zen-like.
The documentary plays like a long, dull parody of pure living.
Despite the film's repeated exhortations that humans need to be more humble about who is cooking whom, the broccoli continues to seem inert.
Gentle preaching is still preaching.
Tasteful in more ways than one, mischievous and charming docu How to Cook Your Life serves up a heapin' helping of Zen.



@highlight

This charming doc takes its time while focusing on food, but highlights larger lessons that audiences will reflect upon long after leaving the theater.