Visually stunning and moving religious documentary that gives the outsider a rare eyewitness report on the four-year search for the rebirth of a Tibetan lama in Nepal.
Along the way, we are treated to a tour of spiritual belief, Buddhist ceremony and rural life in this remote region.
How far can an incredibly cute kid and an incredibly beautiful setting go toward making a movie worthwhile? Not far enough, as indicated by Unmistaken Child.
At once a compelling story and a meditative experience -- not something you'll find in Hollywood karma.
This documentary is only partly a story of the chosen one; mainly, and more intriguingly, it's a chronicle of the choosing one, of the nervous young monk charged with the job of leading the search party.
Films that address faith and love as eloquently as this moving 2008 documentary are rare.
The film is fascinating on every level -- as a portrait of a willing servant in a complex, powerful and inscrutable religious system and a feast of spectacular sights and unusual mundane events in a corner of the world rarely exposed to prying eyes.
Even atheists may find their world rocked by Nati Baratz's Unmistaken Child.
Who knew reincarnation could be such a lovely snooze?
[Director] Baratz doesn't ask any of the obvious questions, preferring to observe uncritically, and if you can do the same, you may find Unmistaken Child worth seeing. I could not, and grew restless.
[Director] Baratz's access to every stage of the process -- from Zopa's selection of a candidate to the testing of that candidate to the blessing of the Dalai Lama himself -- is phenomenal, almost indescribably privileged.
You could argue that the film would be stronger if it explained more fully and asked more questions, yet "Unmistaken Child'' stands as a window on a beautiful and mysterious world. The questions it leaves hanging are for us to untangle.
Baratz's work may not be the slickest, but he took a risk and followed through under arduous conditions to let an audience share in a mystical journey. The film itself is an act of faith.
Adorable, moving, bewildering, sad and, ultimately, peaceful.
A compelling documentary about events that followed the 2001 death of the revered Tibetan master Geshe Lama Kochog.
A rare, intimate look at Tibetan Buddhists' search for the reincarnation of a deceased Lama, this beautifully filmed documetary is an extraordinary spiritual travelog, with all the dramatic elements of an exotic, enthralling fantasy
A most intimate look at the recognition of a peasant child as a prophet. A masterpiece of understatement.
Its privileged glimpse deep into unfamiliar spiritual territory has the strength of revelation.
Unmistaken Child stands above most others in offering us an intimate look at Tibetan Buddhism in action, with no external commentary or narration.
Baratz's apparent willingness to accept everything at face value papers over some of the more troubling aspects of Tenzin's mission, but Unmistaken Child allows the mysteries of the process to be preserved without judgment.
The story unfolds in Israeli director Nati Baratz's intriguing, beautifully filmed documentary Unmistaken Child, which records Tenzin Zopa's search and its aftermath.
The documentary stands as a visually candid and picturesque peek into one of the world's most mysterious practices.
The movie is a drama of faith, a Tibetan monk's search for the reincarnation of his beloved master Lama Konchog.
Handsomely filmed but disappointing.
Unmistaken Child documents the four-year search of Tenzin Zopa, a gentle, baby-faced 28-year-old Nepalese monk.
A compelling, enlightening, and emotionally absorbing real time documentation of the quest for a reincarnated Tibetan master.
a very rough but dedicated character study
This documentary about the arcane rituals involved in identifying a child who is a reincarnated lama will leave audiences%u2014except perhaps Buddhists%u2014with far too many unanswered questions.
As lovely as the elegiac music and breathtaking shots of the Tibetan countryside are in Unmistaken Child, they don't really move things along.
Scripted or posed pieces blend seamlessly with the spontaneous non-fiction in this impressive documentary.
While an appealing combination of travelogue, spiritual improvement story and road movie, Unmistaken Child fails to fully capitalize on its intriguing subjects.
The film suggests the viewer see the proceedings in two ways, as a believer might and as an unbeliever might. This makes it really two films.
moderately engaging and fascinating, but without enough insightful and more provocative interviews, it merely scratches the surface of Tibetan reincarnation rather than delving profoundly into it.




@highlight

Nati Baratz's thoughtful, beautifully filmed documentary is a moving testament to the power of faith.