Ultra-cute kid flick has a few scary, emotional moments.
Parables about xenophobia, tolerance, religion and ecological responsibility are played to cuddly conclusions. Balletic underwater sequences and a jukebox-musical soundtrack spanning Chicago to Grandmaster Flash are spoonfuls of sugar for the medicine.
George Miller's jubilant, eccentric film makes its CGI penguins vibrant, expressive, even cosmic
The perfect film for audiences who found fault with March of the Penguins because it was too emotionally taxing and you couldn't dance to it.
Puts heart and soul back into the good old computer animated, talking animals family film.
Unfortunately, once the eye candy is firmly established, there's a story here that drags and drags. Then it takes a bit of a leap before it drags some more.
You should see Happy Feet -- not only because it's stupendous, but also because it features the best dancing you'll see on the screen this year.
Stands at the very top of the 2006 animated kid's film class.
It's almost impossible to hate. It's not impossible to get a little bored, but that's another tune.
...no doubt the movie will entertain and enlighten children. Children of all ages may be another matter.
If this isn't the last word in animated penguin movies, it's certainly the penguin-ultimate.
"Happy Feet" clinches the current trend of animated message films that speak for the plight of animals and the ecology.
Awkward but graceful, derivative but daring, Happy Feet is, indeed, a flightless bird in the best and worst sense.
Feels like the story was written around the concept of a penguin who cannot sing, only dance. When the story is not king, generally the big picture suffers, and Happy Feet reaffirms that adage.
Offers a sucrose-enriched upgrade to the documentary March of the Penguins.
despite... shortcomings, "Happy Feet" brings a lot of energy and creativity to a genre that increasingly relies on slapstick and over-stimulation.
I had wanted to like HAPPY FEET more -- I went in expecting a more lighthearted piece. While Miller is to be commended for adding layers to the story, I do feel it went on way too long and that its points were hammered home. And I'm well aware I will be
The movie's flat-footed nature means it's unlikely to put a spring in the step of anyone over the age of 10.
Thank God those penguins can dance just like humans, eh? It means they deserve to live!
Director George 'Babe' Miller has pulled off a coup with this one; he's raised the benchmark to a whole new level, both visually and conceptually. Bravo.
Probably the weirdest children's movie of the year -- this is slightly too long but it's beautifully made, superbly acted and a lot of fun.
Small kids will love the waddlesome dancing and colourful animation, but older viewers will likely be disturbed by the story's darker elements.
For a children's film, it hits all the major notes.
It's going to take some time before I can look at the snowy breast of a penguin without imagining that it contains the tap-tapping heart of a Sammy Davis Jr.
An aesthetically astounding film, that takes CG animation to the next level. Great music, loveable characters, very funny stuff.
Its rushed ending aside, there is plenty to recommend in the otherwise excellent computer-animated movie "Happy Feet."
you will not only believe that a penguin can dance, but that he can also save the world
With its cast of thousands, Happy Feet is a spectacular extravaganza of a musical that breaks the ice both technically and literally.
... a delightful, visually superior animated tale.
This movie makes me happy.
Feels like the cheerful lovechild of Moulin Rouge and March of the Penguins.
An eye-bending experience of music and color, "Happy Feet" doesn't dance around its underlying eco message.
Too often, children's stories are cloying, simplistic affairs that don't give kids credit for either their intelligence or their ability to process information. [Writer-director George] Miller understands that when children are treated with respect, they
Boring. And annoying. And too long. But mostly boring.
The sight of flocks of animated dancing penguins is pretty much irresistible; and Wood and the animators make Mumble irresistible as well.
There's a road map to saving ourselves in Happy Feet and it has something to do with revelling in difference rather than being repelled by it.
Was I enchanted, entertained or even diverted for its 108-minute running time? Not really.
The movie morphs into one of the coolest Twilight Zone episodes never made, [but] soon is back on its preordained path to a happy ending.
A bewildering combination of anthropomophic perversity and environmental polemic, all scored to cheesy pop hits.
The movie is fun for a while, then you might be tempted to dance right out of the theatre. It's a little too preachy to be all happy.
This odd combination of 'Moulin Rouge' and 'March of the Penguins' also functions as a weirdly scary 'first contact' science-fiction story with an earned eco-message, linking it to Miller's breakthrough movies, 'Mad Max' and 'The Road Warrior.'
A wonder, a true classic, one of the greatest motion pictures of all time.
I was bored numb by this movie.
Quite simply the best musical I've seen this year.
Jamais deixa de ser encantador e divertido... e, ao lado de A Casa Monstro e Carros, é certamente uma das melhores animações de 2006.
Entertaining while you're watching it… On reflection, though, it feels a bit like a shell game in which the conjuror himself has lost track of where the pea is supposed to be.
The visuals, the soundtrack, the chutzpah of the film's message are all admirable and often well-achieved, but it's undermined by a central sloppiness.
Cute animated penguins plus a toe-tapping collection of classic R & B music and dance routines equals a smash hit
There's nothing saying that entertainment for kids can't be substantive, but the film's hard sell against belief in the supernatural and for ecological care are simple-minded and preachy.
Just because audiences went like lemmings to March of the Penguins, it doesn't mean they'll make tracks to see a funky and furry cartoon version.
I think kids will love it, because the penguins are cute.
While the film's visual inventiveness and technological innovations can be daunting at the start, Miller chose his featured animal well. No creatures are more irresistible than penguins, even when they sing disco.
The best animated film of 2006
Animal Logic ices Pixar in the animation department
A toe-tapping 'happy feat' of remarkable animated movie-making.
It's uncanny... how looking into Mumble's face you can see Elijah Wood's bright eyes.
Looks good, has important 'messages,' but repetitivenessmakes this appear like a drawn-out 30-minute animated feature.
The long march across the Antarctic wasteland ... sometimes feels just as arduous as the real thing.
As an avid movie musical fan, I became enchanted with those spectacular singing and dancing sequences in 'Happy Feet.' Way to go, penguins!
While I wish it had been more solid in its story, I still like the movie and recommend it. There's enough here that's great to offset the shakier stuff.
Happy Feet has its heart in the right place, some cute characters and lots of labor-intensive CGI animation. If only it tried to do less.
What's unexpected is the religious aspect. Mumble...the Joseph Campbell Hero's Journey (R), which has something to do with a local famine and ends up somewhere totally unexpected.
If this digital dance party doesn't make your feet move just a little, you're not a sentient being.
The film is weighed down by a clunky narrative, but Feet is better than an animated romp starring singing, dancing penguins has any right to be.
a picture that celebrates the glories of nonconformity by using most of the traditional gimmicks that have become cliches in animated comedies...The saving grace of the film is its superb animation...
[Happy Feet's] a gorgeously rendered marvel that pulls out all the stops to wow its viewers.
Happy Feet is the kind of musical comedy that might have swept the world if MGM had been based in Antarctica instead of Culver City.
The dazzling animation, catchy songs and Broadway-worthy dance numbers give the film even broader appeal.
Imagine March of the Penguins with a pop soundtrack. Or maybe An Inconvenient Truth with Al Gore doing his best Donald O'Connor impression. It's quite the mash-up, as intended, and it's cooler than a South Pole skinny dip.
An ambitious, sporadically intriguing, occasionally hilarious but weird pastiche of grab-bag references to pop-culture history.
Happy Feet offers the action, gags and warmth kids expect to keep them amused.
Don't little ones have enough to worry about without ecological concerns popping up in family entertainment? Happy Feet should have stayed light on its feet.
Offering gorgeous visuals along with fun songs and plenty of humor, Australian director George Miller's (Babe) Antarctica-set, computer-animated musical ranks just behind Cars among the year's animated films.
All in all, Happy Feet is a happy feat.
Who would have thought that the director of the violent revenge flick Mad Max would go on to create some of the most charming children's films since Walt Disney?
Happy Feet offers dazzling cinematic family fun, and a mad medley of tunes (songs made famous by the Beatles, the Beach Boys, Earth, Wind & Fire, Queen, and Stevie Wonder, among others).
A movie that manages to stand out in a crowd of computer-animated movies about cuddly animals.
Robin Williams saves Happy Feet.
[Writer/director] Miller's global harmonizing never feels preachy -- he's too busy cramming Happy Feet with enough entertainment for three movies.
The production numbers are delightful, but the musical fun is marooned in clichéd storytelling.
George Miller's Happy Feet may be the 10th animated film this year with talking critters -- but, trust me, you're probably going to want to see the best feature-length cartoon since The Incredibles, no matter what your age.
If you fell in love with the wingless heroes of last year's documentary hit March of the Penguins, prepare to surrender completely to George Miller's computer-animated musical/adventure Happy Feet.
While the songs and animation occasionally slow down the action a bit, they join nicely with the movie's understated humor to painlessly deliver its ecological lessons.
In a year rich with animation options, Happy Feet stands head and shoulders above its competition.
It piles lots of contemporary issues on what should be a simple children's fable and becomes an overlong, emotionally muted and tiresome epic.
In the end, Happy Feet is powered by a simple truth -- penguins are hilarious, maybe even funnier than monkeys.
The animation dazzles. The baby birds are fluffy darlings. The script has its moments, the dance bits are a blast.
[Writer/director] Miller has tried to make three or four different movies at once, the result occasionally lapsing into a state of noisy incoherence.
Here's all you really need to know about Happy Feet: Singing penguins! Dancing penguins! Funny penguins! We're killing them! Smile for the holidays!
For all the time, effort, and song royalties lavished on Happy Feet, the new computer-animated blockbuster spends much of its time dancing on thin ice.
The animated musical-comedy Happy Feet gets in trouble when it stops being cutesy and tries to take a political stand.
When's the last time a movie that championed the environment made you want to get up and dance?
When Happy Feet isn't being pretty darn fun, it's just plain pretty.
Writer and director George Miller, the artistic force behind the beloved Babe and the Babe: Pig in the City movies, brings a concern for penguins that recalls the devotion shown by March of the Penguins.
Overall, this is an enjoyable ride, despite the occasional preaching.
Happy Feet proves, at least for the first three-fourths of its 108-minute running time, to be just what aficionados of the digital art form have been hoping for: something new and grown-up.
Happy Feet is one of the most visually ravishing CGI films yet rendered.
The film tries to do way too much: it's a mess. But, crude misjudgments aside, it's a tremendously entertaining mess.
Sure it all ends up amounting to little more than a fairy tale, but what a wondrously miraculous fairy tale it turns out to be!
There are dozens of charming moments, but the story is simply too thin to carry the movie's 87-minute running time.
The filmmakers are lucky penguins are cute. A movie about a family of, say, warthogs is unlikely to engender the same reactions.
The reason to fork out your dough to see this at the theater is the incredibly detailed and realistic looking CGI.
Happy Feet will leave your kids toe tapping all the way home. I've seen it firsthand. They actually leave the theater bouncing off the walls. Good luck putting them to sleep at bedtime.
Happy Feet dances up a storm, but instead of smiles, Miller's cloudy creation will surely elicit blank stares from duped parents and head-spinning confusion from little kids.
Happy Feet tap dances the rest of this year's family films into irrelevance.
It gets strange ... we have many scenes of (realistic-looking) penguins just singing, singing to themselves or to each other, singing songs of every style.
An entertaining, sometimes visually striking piece of animation.
Happy Feet certainly has elements that work -- the stunning animation as well as many of the musical numbers, even if they are overused -- but taken as a whole it isn't that happy after all.
In a year that's had a glut of animated films, it's nice to see one so different from the norm.
The oddity of Miller's devices helps elevate it to the front line where the Babe films rest as superior family entertainment that is also, arguably, one of the most beautifully rendered animated works I've ever seen.
It was sold to us as a cute movie with cuddly dancing and singing penguins, but becomes a life or death battle with a storyline that could have been written by Al Gore.
A family film that has taken to heart the treacly message of countless other family films: it dares to be different.
It's official. The cutest thing on the planet is penguins singing "Boogie Wonderland."
I'm surprised they didn't end it with the whole world holding hands and singing "Kumbayah" while the penguins tap-danced in unison with Al Gore.
... Happy Feet isn't as nimble as its toe-tapping hero and stumbles over its plodding plotting.
After everything from March of the Penguins to Madagascar, you may think you've seen enough penguins, but you've never seen them like this.
...a bewildering hash...never very involving
Even in a story about singing-and-dancing fat and feather, the director George Miller cant help but go dark and deep.
Much indebted to last year's March of the Penguins, this computer-animated feature ranges from cartoon cute to spectacularly beautiful to environmentally aware.
Tap-dancing and R&B-singing emperor penguins make Happy Feet a fun, animated family movie, complete with adorable penguin chicks and a breathtaking icy landscape.
Happy Feet is cooler than a penguin's toenails, taking what appears to be a routine animated musical comedy into rewarding, unexpected places.
The most original and valuable animated feature since 2004's The Polar Express.
An animated film that challenges preconceptions about the genre and foregoes the usual romance/adventure structure.
You'll most probably find yourself raising your flippers in praise of Warner Bros. flightless fowl.
Director George Miller imbues every sequence with extraordinary fluidity and visual invention.
This ice-bound spectacle is full of action, singing and dancing.
The computer-animated Happy Feet gets even weirder with a late-in-the-game development that is meant to be upsetting and is.
This isn't some overreaching Pixar wanna-be, but a rich, absorbing story that isn't content to dazzle you with effects, but rouse your spirits.
Antarctica is a beautiful blue paradise, and the final set piece, in which penguins and humans tap their way to a unity of green-minded spirit, is a small masterpiece of conciliatory wackiness.
In a genre that relies on too many forgettable wisecracking critters who talk like out-of-work sitcom story editors, Miller's eco-musical goes its own way, defying the usual formulas.
This curious ecological parable was directed by George Miller (Babe: Pig in the City), who still has an eye and a sense of humor but on this particular outing can't get the script he wrote with three others to make much sense.
Happy Feet is colorful, energetic, fast-moving, visually eyepopping and slightly soulless.
And despite the film's decidedly serious undertones, I also found myself immersed in the invigorating music and stunning visuals.
Here's something I never thought I'd say: There's simply too much singing and dancing in this animated penguin movie.
More like Environmentally Responsible, Emotionally Resonant, and Sorta Bleak Feet.
Visually stunning...but it's a curious sort of family film that's part Las Vegas extravaganza and part pro-environmental tract, unlikely to enchant children.
Succeeds spectacularly. In a way that makes me want to say this may be the greatest animated movie ever made.
Everyone knows penguins can march, but the animated dramedy Happy Feet shows they can dance. And sing. And preach.
The dancing penguins flip in with fun, putting a smile on your face and a song in your heart - a Heartsong.
The ingredients for greatness are there. It's too bad the movie lost its way on the approach to the finish line. I recommend Happy Feet, but not as enthusiastically as I wish I could.
I enjoyed parts of it a lot (the parts with the big carnivores, mostly, and Brittany Murphy's singing). But not enough parts to recommend it as a whole.
...ends up in an Orwellian nightmare involving scientists and a zoo (the tots at the preview screening went silent, either out of confusion or horror).
Another triumphant, playful, and deeply spiritual animation classic by the Australian genius behind Babe; this one will set your feet in motion and stir your soul.
A moderately adorable, musically wacky, ecologically activist CG family comedy from George Miller.
Massive motion capture in a super-computerized animated romp in Antarctica with the feel-good theme of being yourself.
George Miller, who hasn't made a movie since the brilliant Babe: Pig and the City, allows the behaviors of emperor penguins in deepest Antarctica to reflect our contemporary political anxieties.
It's more like a laughless version of Ice Age than it is March of the Penguins. ... Its musical choices, sung only in snippets, are weird and eclectic.
There's nothing comfortable about Happy Feet. It's brave and heartfelt, a surprising cinematic accomplishment.
Even the wee ones may start to notice something's amiss when the movie's theme goes from "be yourself" to 'we must regulate the overfishing of the Antarctic oceans.' No, for real.
Ably combining the magic of Walt Disney with Pixar's lush visuals and DreamWorks' hipness ... the finest animated film in decades, but also an amazing achievement in film storytelling.
By not being afraid of delivering an experience, its impact and enjoyability are unmeasured amongst current kid films.
Easily the best animated film of the year.
Music is fantabulous, acting solid, animation dynamic -- from cute to powerful in 0.5 seconds. This is what going to the movies is all about -- and I don't even have kids!
Tuneful and soulful in equal measure, this animated all-penguin musical is terrific fun.
George Miller's long-in-the-works dive into full-blown computer animation drapes a relatively conventional story, about a young penguin's struggles over being 'different,' in striking visuals, invigorating songs and lively characterizations.








@highlight

Visually dazzling, with a thoughtful storyline and catchy musical numbers, Happy Feet marks a successful animated debut from the makers of Babe .