Lavish, grim, magnificent; a robust successor to Zhang's recent martial arts epics, characterised by similarly baroque spectacle and tragedy.
Zhang Yimou serves up a sumptuous sensory feast with spectacular set pieces and--crucially--the story, characters, and connection to back it up.
Zhang's beauty is one of furious defiance
Um épico que não apenas se encaixa no clima mítico e fantástico do gênero wuxia pian como ainda traz toques claramente shakespeareanos em sua trama repleta de traições e lutas sangrentas por um trono real (ou, neste caso, imperial).
Mucho brillo y color y poca sustancia dramática en esta tragedia épica que emula tanto a Shakespeare como a Kurosawa. Vale la pena sólo por su aspecto visual y, sobre todo, por la siempre intensa Gong Li.
Spectacular production designs and giant CGI battles can't really disguise a soap opera plot and often hammy acting.
Curse of the Golden Flower is, as usual, ravishing to look at, but it seems to be put together solely so that Zhang can assemble hundreds of people in stately rows.
Possibly the first mainstream Chinese representation of the massacre at Tiannamen Square.
Curse of the Golden Flower is a tragedy in the classic sense which is as devastating as it is entertaining.
Gorgeous to look at and every bit as ornate as The House of the Flying Daggers. However, the dense and complex plot is a muddle and works best when dealing with the central relationships and matters of the heart.
Beautifully designed, visually stunning epic with impressive battle sequences, although the soap-tastic plot takes a while to really get going.
It is an overwrought melodrama set on a background of impressive beauty.This is a beautiful film, but the characters are weak and disappointing from Zhang.
The film may not hold up to Hero or Flying Daggers, but it contains enough of those film's stunning visual tricks to make it well worth checking out this holiday season.
Every stone, every piece of fabric, every pushed-up bosom is fetishized to ludicrous extremes. Zhang apparently wants to dazzle the eyes with the visuals, but Curse is one of the gaudiest looking movies ever made.
Perhaps Zhang Yimou will one day return to the sort of picture that established his reputation in the first place. Otherwise, can a Rush Hour sequel be too far off?
Like its women, the movie from the perspective of the viewer is ravishingly beautiful but frustratingly remote.
The eye-catching splendor dresses up a bland soap opera that Shakespeare mastered centuries ago.
This is one spectacular historical potboiler, Shakespeare and soap opera in about equal measure.
Curse of the Golden Flower is dramatic and exotic, a feast for the eyes with themes that are as hypnotic as the film's physical look.
To put a point to it, the lavish period costumes, operatic mise-en-scène and ceremonial grandeur of Curse of the Golden Flower clashes fatally with the nuanced nastiness of modern marital discord.
It's like imitation Shakespeare or a really over-the-top Italian opera -- madness, incest, plots, counter-plots, ulterior motives ... you name it, they're all in here.
Director Zhang Yimou has an incredible eye for color, and this offering does not disappoint when it comes to the exquisite employment of a vibrant palette.
If you liked Chinese director Zhang Yimou's last film, House of Flying Daggers, chances are you won't care for his latest epic.
Everything about it is gorgeously over the top, much like the family melodrama that occasions it.
Cursed by a threadbare plot that's unraveled by the computer-germinated special effects ... Equally over the top, so to speak, is all the female cleavage jiggling through the palace.
A kind of dressed-up soap opera, "The Curse of the Golden Flower" is complicated only in its texture and colors - not in its characters
I wanted to be swept away, but even with half of China as extras, I was mostly unimpressed.
Nuance doesn't matter to [Zhang], and his closeups encourage the nostril-flaring and eye-rolling of a silly soap opera.
For all the swordplay and martial-arts fisticuffs, Curse is its most delirious as a lavish argument for the soap opera's roots in Greek tragedy.
This spectacularly decorated movie offers the enjoyment of watching Zhang chronicle the lives of one very nutty family. It also allows Zhang to load every inch of the screen with images so full that you half expect them to collapse under their own weight.
Patient filmgoers will be rewarded. The final half-hour of Curse of the Golden Flower is heavy on action. A large-scale war sequence is visually stunning, perhaps even rivaling Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy for its epic scale.
Curse is straightforward and solemn, lacking not for spectacle but for humor and a humanizing touch.
Make no mistake, all is epic, violent, bloody madness once the director hits his stride, and fans of Zhang's work will not want to miss Curse of the Golden Flower. But brush strokes are amiss here.
Curse of the Golden Flower has no emotional center. There's nobody to root for here (even the wildly charismatic Chow Yun-Fat seems remote and surly), and the characters' scheming seems more like an elaborate pageant than a viable drama.
The melodrama here is of a sort seldom taken seriously outside Shakespeare's tragedies, and the final body count rivals Hamlet in its royal bloodletting.
Golden Flower renders words like 'lavish,' 'spectacle,' 'scope,' 'sumptuous,' 'richly detailed' and 'dysfunctional family' inadequate.
If Golden Flower doesn't soar quite so high as Zhang's previous historical epics, it's nevertheless a truly beautiful film.
It's big, it's beautiful, and you won't leave the theater feeling cheated, no matter how much of a letdown the finale might be.
Though the film lacks the breathtaking sweep of his magnificent Hero or the lyrical intimacy of House of Flying Daggers, Curse remains worth seeing. (A lesser Zhang film is still superior to the best of other directors.)
If looks were all it took to thrill, this opulent, near-operatic historical pageant would rank with Zhang Yimou's last two epics.
This is epic, super-duper-sized . . . a hollow but lovely looking spectacle.
Zhang organizes a final battle scene ... that makes the combat in The Lord of the Rings look like a flea circus.
the stupendously lovely backgrounds and costumes manage to make even the most diabolical activities look extremely attractive. ...The Shakespearean scheming is titillating at first, but... becomes slightly stagnant...
...it is unlike anything that came out from Hollywood last year... or is likely to be released this year.
...a lurid tapestry of conspiracy and bloodshed...
One might quibble with the CGI battle sequences ..., but that's a small complaint. As long as [the film] concentrates on the scheming royals in their lush and lavish settings, it soars.
Just as the emperor's own misrule is shrouded in ceremony, so too is the rather emotionally insignificant melodrama at the center of Curse of the Golden Flower, given only minimal cover from scrutiny by Zhang's visual virtuosity.
Despite its flaws, Curse of the Golden Flower is a diverting enough film, just somewhat flat compared to Zhang's previous epics--a little too willing, perhaps, to let story and action cede the field to costume and set design.
Curse's gorgeous scenes are draped in silk and brocade, gold and jade -- literally, the walls and floors and ceilings. Battle scenes are painstakingly bloody.
Zhang does a marvelous job at contrasting the tactile sumptuousness of the sets with the venomous, venal brutality that occurs within their walls.
Basically, the movie is soap opera done on a grand opera scale -- more Dynasty than Later Tang Dynasty. The immensity of Zhang's vision is eyepopping. Imagine several football fields worth of shimmering golden chrysanthemums.
Theatrical drama becomes largescale cinema. It's a spectacular take on family ties that bind so tight they're cutting off circulation.
Some may be turned off by how busy the film is, rushing from one set piece to the next without catching a breath.There's no time to stop and sniff a golden flower.
These characters have enough conflicting relational issues to fill about a year on a daily soap; it's messy and passionate, murderous and lusty.
It's operatic in its feeling and there's a lot going on here. And there's murders and betrayals, and affairs that are illicit, and women on horse-back and great fight scenes.
[Y]es to opulence, yes to passion, yes to political murder and courtly intrigue and illicit sex and all that. But no... to histrionics overblown on a nuclear scale and ludicrousness that blots out the sun...
Curse of the Golden Flower is a watchable soap opera, but its marching-band martial-arts scenes are little more than weakly staged retreads of the ones in Zhang's Hero.
...a fascinating tale of palace intrigue and themachinations of power play.
While the film looks beautiful and the cinematography and staging by Xiaoding Zhao is as magnificent as ever, Curse of the Golden Flower is the weakest of the class (like being the worst student at Yale).
...A spectacle for the eyes and for the soul.
Curse of the Golden Flower may be one of Zhang's most erratic, even to major fans, but it still manages to also be a successful marriage of the storytelling that he built his career on and the large scale epics he's making now.
Director Zhang Yimou is aiming for glorious visual, kinetic and emotional overload, and he delivers the goods.
The morbid grandiosity of Curse of the Golden Flower is its own distinctive accomplishment, another remarkable chapter in the career of Asia's most important living filmmaker.
A visually sumptuous action drama by Zhang Yimou, who proves himself to be the Busby Berkeley of our times.
Eye-popping. One of the year's most spectacularly visual treats. It has wide-screen images that are beyond astounding.
Curse of the Golden Flower is a triumph of set dressing, cinematography and costuming. Now if only it were compelling.
The year's most operatic and visually lavish film.
Few filmmakers could produce so grand a spectacle, but [director] Zhang used to be good for more than just eye candy.
Amidst all of this excess, an actor can too easily disappear, or be reduced to a hanger for a costume. But Gong Li, the standout in the cast, does wonders with her melodramatic role.
Its overabundance is more blessing than curse, however, provided you can suspend disbelief over a campy plot and focus on one lush, eye-popping scene after another.
The sheer technical brilliance of the battle sequences and martial arts showdowns is mind-blowing -- this is the kind of movie that's so visually dynamic that it's compelling even when we could care less about the people on screen.
The ever-luminous Gong Li and the wickedly nonchalant Chow Yun-Fat are wonderful together.
All surface beauty, no substance. Zhang Yimou is a master but this film lacks storytelling prowess.
A dramatic crisis erupts in bloodbaths that are filled with flash but little meaning. As armies clash, the cast also yields to histronic extremes.
Instead of transporting awe, the viewer groans under the weight of Zhang's self-conscious cinematic one-upmanship.
The movie has plenty to engage one's interest but little to sustain it.
An opulent spectacle of almost Shakespearean gravitas and eye-popping cinematic virtuosity.
As easy as this movie is to watch, it's artificially flavored.
If you like action films, this is worth the slog though the chick flick stuff.
Zhang's script, based on Cao Yu's play, matches outlandish finery with outlandish bloodletting and body counts.
I may not know any more about the time, the place or the people by the time it comes to its exuberantly tragic conclusion, but when the whole thing ends up being this much fun pardon me if I just don't care.
Not even Chow Yun-fat and Gong Li, two of the world's most impressive actors, can inject any dazzle into this dud.
Zhang Yimou is back with the latest Chinese competitor in the Opulence Olympics, and not a moment too soon.
...most of the passion is communicated through pulsating colors and ornate tapestries. (The set design seems equally inspired by Willy Wonka and Donald Trump.)
... plays like an Asian take on Shakespearean royal tragedy executed with Hong Kong action scenes and Chinese art-house pageantry.
its natural impulse towards regal spectacle overwhelms practically every other element of the story
There's only a rich family behaving badly, a kind of Dynasty with swords. And as tantalizing as that concept might sound to some Joan Collins fans, it's not enough to make this worth watching.
Curse of the Golden Flower could also be called Curse of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
A period spectacle, steeped in awesome splendor and lethal palace intrigue, it climaxes in a stupendous battle scene and epic tragedy.
It's just a great, old, wild ride at the movies.
Zhang Yimou's latest extravaganza is about palace intrigue during the Tan Dynasty, and it's exhaustingly action-packed.
It's not as good as Zhang's masterpiece, Hero, but it's in that neighborhood.
It's all too ludicrous to absorb.
Don't judge the film too quickly, though. It really is like almost nothing you've seen before.
Yimou's movies always look incredible, but this time around his work seems more like something to appreciate than to enjoy.
If the overwrought dramatics are like an opera drained of its music, that's a price you may be willing to pay for the purely sensual pleasure the images afford.
Lurid, lavish eye-candy
Another glorious spectacle where Mr. Zhang finds new ways to leave you stunned and amazed with every passing frame.
The physical battles are stirring here, but the heart really beats in décor and costuming and in serpentine plotting out of Renaissance 'Blood Theater.'
Zhang Yimou seems to be confusing the Tang Dynasty with Aaron Spelling's Dynasty.
[F]or sheer visual beauty and epic sweep, you can't do better; fans of Zhang's other big productions may wish there were more one-on-one fights here.
Demonstrates unflinchingly that, when it comes to a proud, powerful government, what's beautiful on the outside is squirmingly ugly within.
The Chinese director Zhang Yimou achieves a kind of operatic delirium, opening the floodgates of image and melodrama until the line between tragedy and black comedy is all but erased.
In the end, Curse also looks alarmingly like a dry run for the opening and closing ceremonies Zhang has been hired to direct for the Beijing Olympic Games in 2008.
The stately Gong looks fantastic, the regal Chow looks cruelly calculating. Yet lacking the inner spark a richer script would provide, even they blend into the scenery.
It has sumptuous sets, breathtaking cinematography, gorgeous costumes, heaving bosoms and every color known to mankind, but what it doesn't have is a compelling script or any genuine characters.
The film's seemingly endless revelations of double- and triple-crosses would play like bad mid-'60s Hollywood epic wanking were it not for Zhang's mise-en-scéne.
Pardon the momentary lapse into geek-speak, but Zhang Yimou's latest wu xia spectacle Curse of the Golden Flower is ten kinds of awesome.
Golden mums by the millions spell incest and death as Yimou Zhang tests the American market for saturation with the martial arts. Our cup may be running over.
Yet another of Zhang's gorgeous, expensive, costumed periodepics
It's less soap opera than grand opera, where matters of love and death are played at a perfect fever pitch. And grand this Golden Flower is.
The push-and-pull between the rote royal-family intrigue and the feverish visual design is almost too much, nearly drowning the picture in a sea of self-generating kitsch.
Li...prov[es] so over-the-top imperial that she almost singlehandedly elevates the film's heightened drama into something epic.
Zhang Yimou moves ever closer to grand opera with Curse of the Golden Flower, though this garish familial melodrama-cum-action extravaganza plays better in retrospect than it does in the moment.
Exposed boobs contribute a titillating ingredient to the venom and the betrayals, but it's no antidote for the royal excess.
A disappointing misfire from a great director.
Curse of the Golden Flower, Zhang Yimou's strangest and most troubled film, abounds in hysterical, mannered Tang Dynasty-era palace intrigue and dehumanized CGI battle sequences.










@highlight

Melodrama, swordplay, and CG armies -- fans of martial arts epic will get what they bargain for, though the baroque art direction can be both mesmerizing and exhaustively excessive.