If you put your brain in park, it's all vaguely amusing, in a silly fashion, much like a Ramones song, three chords of dumb fun that blows away like so much dry-ice smoke.
Yup, it's Jack Black -- with an "R" ... really.
"Tenacious D" is a movie for fans of the hilarious spoof-rocking duo. You know who you are.
Long may they continue to walk in Ronnie James Dio's short but comforting shadow.
Tenacious D and the Pick of Destiny is diverting and fun and a great treat for fans, but it's as forgettable as Chinese dinner at the nursing home.
Little more than a set of sketches strung along a plotline that is gossamer light.
May just win over the rockers of old and new...
I enjoyed it, though as a casual fan who also dug the Tenacious D album and DVD, I don't know how it'll play for newcomers.
While the flick has a few funny moments likely to make the general public laugh, at heart it's a Tenacious D tribute layered with asides and inside jokes scripted with the group's diehard fans in mind.
Apart from the cameos, the movie limps along from one satiric rock song to another, with only the music to carry it.
Being a Jack Black fan is mandatory for this zany, energetic and relentless buddy movie, rock opera and crass low-brow comedy which no doubt has more appeal with mood enhancers - a hyperactive dose of Jack Black in a self-indulgent rock fantasy.
Clearly intended to be viewed through a haze of marijuana smoke, it'd be against the law for us to recommend this film.
The narrative, not surprisingly, is really just an excuse to string together a series of comic and musical setpieces, some of which work better than others.
When they weren't performing, I frequently lost the will to live.
The film's as big and flawed as the band itself. But just like any concertgoer wants their favorite band to pull out all the stops, so too will every D fanatic want another hour of this rambling, pumped-up and psyched-out acid trip of a film.
Tenacious D's big screen outing is extremely patchy but the laughs just about compensate for all the dull, unamusing bits.
...designed to appeal solely to fans of Jack Black and Kyle Gass...
... the film is also one of the funniest films of 2006 ...
Tenacious D: The Pick of Destiny has some low-brow laughs, but ultimately the silliness of the story and Black's frantic antics aren't enough to sustain the 90-minute plus running time.
Tenacious D in the Pick of Destiny proves one thing: Rock and roll never dies. It just gains weight.
The duo strains at their comedy the same way they strain at their music.
The Pick of Destiny ain't going to win any awards, and the girls don't get much of a look-in, but it will strike a few power chords with a certain generation that is too old to disco and too young to die.
The camaraderie that Penelope Spheeris sharpened in the first Wayne's World is missing. So is the sincerity of its metal passions.
For fans, a crowd-surf over Tenacious D's best bits. For the unbaptised, a novelty movie of a novelty band, big on spirit but in search of a script.
If you have to ask what kind of push-ups members of the band Tenacious D require, this isn't the movie for you...
I wasn't always sure what I was watching, or who thought it up, but it was always amusing and never boring.
[The Pick of Destiny] tries to make up in enthusiasm what it lacks in creative inspiration.
I found it mildly amusing. I didn't hate it.
Satan looks pretty dang cool; the rest of the movie looks crummier -- and is less amusing -- than a 1970s Crown-International drive-in picture.
so why would anyone who wasn't already a fan want to go to this thing? I dunno
[A] hilarious bastard child of This Is Spinal Tap and Wayne's World, and one of the funniest movies I've seen this year.
The premise might have worked as a half-hour sitcom but stretching the material out to fill the length of a feature film was not a wise idea.
The entire film plays like an inside joke. Tenacious D fans will get it ...
Begins with flatulence, ends with flatulence and is one big gaseous emission in between.
An underwritten doodle, directed by Liam Lynch, that you'd swear was constructed by high school kids with Mom and Dad's camcorder.
It's not especially well-crafted by director Liam Lynch, but many of its scenes are written and, especially, played with enthusiasm and verve by Black and his genially droll partner, Kyle Gass.
Fails to deliver the goods as an action comedy.
Strictly for the tenaciously devoted.
Just fasten your seat belt for an undisciplined, unrefined mess. That's a compliment, by the way, on the movie's pleasures and appeal.
It feels only half thought through--funny but stretching one joke far beyond the breaking point.
starts out inspired ... ends up sort of lame, obvious, and kind of tired,
Even considering Black's prodigious talents, Pick gets tiresome way too quickly.
There isn't enough plot to fill out the film's 90-minute running time, but there are rude laughs ... and inspired bits tucked in amid the padding.
A daft, often uproarious rock opera that may become a cult favorite.
It might be too easy, based on all the bong jokes, to suggest the writers couldn't distinguish between 'funny' and 'lame' because they were high. But I'll suggest that, anyway.
Black thrives in these grubby environs. His full-throttle bodily chaos makes more sense in movies done on the cheap than in blockbusters and polished comedies.
The bottom line: Jack Black rocks -- especially when he rocks.
There's nothing heavy about this metal-loving comedy, and there's a lot that is good-hearted.
Once again, we have a movie that packs about 20 minutes of entertainment -- much of it involving the band's occasionally funny lyrics -- into a 90-minute package.
Manages to hold our attention for an entire 97 minutes, a feat that even metal bands with real Marshall amps are hard-pressed to accomplish.
Nonbelievers need not apply. And that means you, Manilow fans.
Unless you're a longtime fan or you're coming to the theater directly from the movie's Enchanted Forest of Magical Mushrooms, you'll probably find this shaggy underdog origin story an unspectacular waste of time.
Fast and funny, and you can't beat the songs.
Some of the bits work; just as often, they don't. Black and Gass' appealing rapport masks those problems for a while, but eventually, they, too, wear out their welcome.
Even if you're not a stoned adolescent, there's plenty to appreciate in Liam Lynch's loopy, cheerfully lowbrow comedy.
They were going for Crossroads. They settled for VH-1 Storytellers.
If you got a buzz from Beavis & Butthead and Bill & Ted, Dumb and Dumber and Spinal Tap, you'll probably get a bunch of chuckles out of Tenacious D: The Pick of Destiny.
Baked and half-baked.
While fans of Black and Gass will be thrilled by their music and antics, you can walk in knowing nothing about the band and still be entertained.
Shows [Black] at his comic best -- overly enthusiastic and quick to anger without ever becoming a buffoon.
Absurdly overlong skit masquerading as a feature film.
If thou wouldst rock tonight, thou couldst rock mightily tonight at Tenacious D in the Pick of Destiny.
Gass and Black should have been given a few more chances to go completely bonkers.
The movie feels giddy and eruptive, dopily enthralled with itself, and more or less made up on the spot, especially when it lapses into pure rock opera.
It's pointless to nitpick a film this ostentatiously loose and loutish, but in the film's execution much of that spirit just comes off as lazy and careless.
Five years since Tenacious D's eponymous debut album went platinum, the mock rock band has perhaps missed the zeitgeist in which to successfully release a biopic on the origins of the self-proclaimed Greatest Band on Earth.
I can understand [Black] wanting to make King Kong, but Nacho Libre was a dismal affair and Tenacious D isn't much better.
The first ten minutes are brilliant and then, for the most part, the fun (and music) screech to a halt.
You'll probably be better off watching it with a bud, if you catch my (double) meaning.
For teenaged metalheads who don't know any better, this may seem like fun.
Not as bad as the godawful trailer might lead you expect, but not the gut-buster that longtime fans of the D must have been hoping for, either.
If the whole movie were as good as the opening five minutes, when Black leads a mini rock opera with metal gods Meat Loaf and Ronnie James Dio, [it] would be the greatest movie of all time.
The film has "dorm DVD" scrawled all over it in black Sharpie.
Will the audience be 'rocked' by the band's wily charms or let down by a slack story that repeats too many decade-old jokes? Stoked or bummed? Everyone knows rock is about rebellion, so f*@# it: call me stoked.
Too many slack moments and gratuitous chase sequences kill the momentum.
would have been a great HBO Comedy Hour special. It's not so great, however, as a 98-minute feature... eventually starts to seem like one of those drawn-out arena-rock anthems with three drum solos...
Destined to become the most hilarious musical epic ever.
It's a one-joke movie -- sort of how Tenacious D is a one-joke band -- but it's a joke that can be pretty funny sometimes.
The Pick of Destiny is a Gravitron ride of nard-crunching brilliance and explosivo satisfaction, and it's been a long time coming for Tenacious D.
While fans of the HBO-born duo are already giving this a Thunderous "A," for the rest of us it's ultimately a Tendencious "B."
starts off fine enough as a silly, laugh-filled rock opera, but, eventually, becomes just another stoner comedy running on attitude
For the amount of years it took to bring their cultish misadventures to the big screen, someone must have had a B-side script cause that would have been a letter up.
These guys are very funny, but I have a feeling that deep down they wouldn't mind if you took them seriously.
Despite its cult-movie trappings, it's a genial dumb comedy that has more in common with lowbrow laffers like Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle and Zoolander than This Is Spinal Tap.
A script as saggy as the duo's bare tushes.
Sure, the movie's half-baked. But there's a very good chance the audience is, as well.
The movie lags on occasion, but it also has quite a few laughs.
This jolly rock n roll comedy, sprinkled with amusing one-liners and hilarious sight gags, is a spinoff from the short-lived HBO comedy series starring Jack Black and Kyle Gass.
The script, written by Black, Gass and director Liam Lynch, packs in gag after gag (and cameo after cameo), but there's not enough dramatic impetus to keep it from becoming a drag.
...plays out like a Bill and Ted adventure that stalls a bit in its third act plotting.
Some of the jokes are apparently recycled from the D's HBO show, but if you're hard-core enough to notice, it shouldn't matter-even the greatest band in the world has to play the hits for the fans.
... low-wattage power slide down a yellow-brick road of thrash cliches, stoner skits and music-video parodies
The Pick of Destiny is often hard to resist because Gass and Black are playing such amiably clueless losers. But for the real-life performers, satirizing stupidity is a dubious achievement we'd like to see them outgrow.
Jack Black's constant mugging and eyebrow wriggling reaches an obnoxious new low in the awkwardly titled Tenacious D in the Pick of Destiny. He is brash and loud, as his pupils bounce around their sockets like pinballs.
Tenacious D would be a great little movie -- well, it could have been -- if the rest of the film were as funny as the rock-opera sequence that kicks it off. Or as crudely amusing as an animated spoof of THX ads that precede the film.
My advice: set aside the money you would have spent on a ticket toward buying the soundtrack. That way, you can get all that's moderately good about Tenacious D in the Pick of Destiny without having to endure the substantial bad.
Most of the movie farts along at the level of a Wayne's World sketch.
Dude, where's my guitar pick? I dunno, look in your bong.
Far from a hit, Tenacious D probably will do just fine on the midnight-movie circuit.
Tenacious D is utterly harmless and totally pointless. Black and Gass have been at this so long their dirty little joke has all the punch of a Catskills routine.
JB and KG are overweight hetero life-partners in rock, despite the fact that they fit none of the typical rock star stereotypes.
It's not that a lot of the content isn't really, really funny -- but it isn't exactly fresh, either.
The plot pings along energetically, and if it rarely makes much sense, it usually finds the shortest distance between two jokes. Like a dumb but infectious rock song, you can't really justify loving the movie for any serious reason.
... the funniest movie musical since South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut ...
It's stoner comedy of the most absurd kind, part fryboy mental drizzle, part wink-wink audience baiting, and wholly, utterly funny.
... deficient in the joke department.
Less rocking on and better jokes would have made Tenacious D seem more than just tenacious.
Although some jokes and songs are recycled from the band's back catalog, the movie contains plenty of new material, a mix of killer tunes, monster laughs and savvy references.
Even with Jack Black's eyebrows and a musical showdown with the devil, Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny is kind of a whiff.
School of Rock got high and watched Harold and Kumar, and The Pick of Destiny was the story told to the cops upon waking up in the drive thru.
It's Spinal Tap and Wayne's World rolled into one burrito supreme, with extra rocket sauce!
Makes Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure look like a model of cerebral wit...there's a difference between genuine satire and Three Stooges-style stupidity.
Only the most diehard D fans will forgive the flaws in this erratic comedy that probably won't stand-up to multiple viewings.
A comedy sketch, painfully prolonged to movie length.
This stupefying buddy movie has uproarious gags, most of them due to the movie's mock-rock-opera conceit, which finds the heroes singing their way from abusive childhoods through pathetic open-mic gigs.
It's hard to complain too much about this loosey-goosey romp's patchiness when one of the rocking songs features the lyric "You're gonna gargle mayonnaise"...and the reference isn't to Hellman's.
When called upon the movie rocks, and rocks hard.
In terms of comedies aimed at the dazed and confused, Tenacious D is hardly the pick of the litter, but it litters enough laughs in its wake to do more than just blow smoke.
[It] isn't as fresh or weird as the short films that made Tenacious D cult heroes but does capture enough of their spirit to please fans.



@highlight

Tenacious D fan will find this movie hilarious; everybody else will see only a low-brow concept movie and a small assembly of jokes stretched past the 100 minute mark.