This slapdash comedy barely coughs up more than a couple of funny scenes as the story moves in predictable fits and starts before sputtering out of fuel half way through.
The wordplay of the title here is the only slightly clever element of this extremely lame comedy.
The script, by TV writer Wayne Conley, shares some elements with the old Danny DeVito comedy Ruthless People, but humor isn't one of them.
Anthony Anderson shows he can star in a movie without a kangaroo in this kidnapping plan gone crazy.
King's Ransom lumbers forth clumsily, choreographing its slapstick pratfalls with all the class and taste of a Courtney Love relapse.
The thing looks like it was written in a week, directed in two, and forgotten about by all involved in less than three.
King's Ransom deserves to be bashed, burned, and have its ashes scattered over Hollywood
It is, quite plainly, like watching a movie that's trying to go out of its way to be horrible.
I couldn't pay anyone to see this movie. Literally.
(Anthony) Anderson is funny, usually. Just not here.
Basically an improv scene sprawling to feature length.
A mirthless comedy about venal people doing stupid things.
Mean-spirited, unpleasant comedy about characters who are both nasty and stupid and who deserve every bad thing that happens to them. In fact, they deserve more.
Byrd's romp through the most contemptible stereotypes of women, gays, and ethnic minorities makes his film unfit for just about anyone, never mind royalty.
All these plots converge in a decidedly unfunny cacophony.
Needless to say, as a cringe-worthy and excruciatingly awful comedy, you shouldn't pay a dime of King's Ransom.
'Screenwriter' Wayne Conley's idea of side-splitting dialogue is to have characters repeatedly tell King to "kiss their black ass." Or announce that they just "pooted."
Marital bickering, a mistaken-identity sex romp and booty shots galore follow, but few laughs.
[A] crass, trashy and none-too-funny comedy.
King's Ransom is a wit-deficient barrage of obnoxious characters and second-hand punchlines.
Spurn King's Ransom as you would spurn a rabid weasel.
Little in this film suggests 'director' Jeff Byrd and writer Wayne Conley possess any facility -- or familiarity -- with irony or any other comedic device.
Achieves a rare form of badness.
The scenarios are halfway convincing and at times even passably clever; they are never, however, especially funny.
With the humor in this lazy farce about as subtle as a shotgun blast to the face, it's possible to see the whole movie as an accident, the cumulative result of haphazard negligence.
If you shelve out even $1 for this movie, you'll feel as though you've paid a "King's Ransom."
Doesn't pay off.
Somewhere in a pitch meeting someone must have piped up: 'I know. We'll have a guy named 'King' and he gets kidnapped, see? So there's a 'ransom'! King's Ransom, get it? After that, I've got nothing.'
Merely a collection of antics clothespinned to a plot.
After a while, all these odious, yammering people start to sound a lot like Charlie Brown's teacher. And they somehow all end up together at a time and a place you do not want to be.
None of this is remotely funny, despite screenwriter Wayne Conley's resorting to virtually every known stereotype about African-Americans and more crass references to menstruation and prison sex than have ever appeared in a movie rated PG-13.
The Chronicle's Little Man was fighting an internal struggle to abandon his chair altogether, but was ultimately swayed to continue his nap, mostly by a few of the comics in supporting roles.
Devoid of anything resembling wit or even guiltily amusing tasteless gags, the film lurches from one haplessly staged sequence to another, with the performers vainly struggling to infuse humor into the proceedings.
One of those barbarically unfunny romps that would be over in less than 10 minutes if just one character had an IQ higher than a cherry Pop-Tart.
If Anderson can land the role of a corporate shark who's surrounded by hot babes, it's conceivable we could soon see Jennifer Lopez as the lead in 'Memoirs of a Geisha'...
The desperately unfunny kidnapping farce King's Ransom is the cinematic equivalent of trampled chewing gum on a subway platform.
Byrd haphazardly assembles a bunch of overly exaggerated caricatures and parades them around in a dissolving farce that has all the wayward charm of a botched lobotomy
The film's tag line - 'Big Man. Big Plan. Big Mistake.' sums up the decision to make the movie... big mistake.
Unobtrusive and virtually painless as an occasionally witty laugher, but lacks the courage of its convictions to follow through with its less commercial ambitions.
You'll feel like the one who's being held hostage.
Apparently New Line has less discretion that Kid Rock with a 10-beer buzz at a monster truck rally.
Less amusing than being bound, gagged, and tortured.
If Hell does exist, I'm sure the only movie theatre in town will be playing nothing but Anthony Anderson movies.
Watching Anderson try to be funny is like getting a tooth pulled, or sitting through a Tim Burton DVD audio commentary.
Populated solely with hateful characters...strictly for connoisseurs of crass.
King's Ransom must have been funny for somebody, but I think the rest of us will be underwhelmed.
I looked at the ceiling, not casting my eyes heavenward for assistance but trying to find something more interesting to look at than what was on the screen. The ceiling won.




@highlight

Filled with crass dialogue, unlikable characters, and overdone slapstick gags, King's Ransom is an utterly inept would-be comedy.