... we receive an aimless, generic crime drama that cuts itself off at the knees early on and scrambles for relevancy thereafter.
'Out of the Furnace' is an actor's film, full of actor's actors. Being a former actor himself, the reviewer was in actor-heaven.
The narrative is so straightforward that it requires the kind of flashbang storytelling that Cooper clearly isn't interested in.
A humorless, ponderously solemn dirge that chokes on its own oppressive aura of self-importance.
The grittiness of the tone... will bring to mind films ranging from The Fighter to The Deer Hunter, but it's that lack of cinematic gloss that makes the film come to life.
Looking totally unlike his fattened persona in American Hustle, the unrestrained Bale offers explosive unpredictability fuelled by family loyalties.
Beautifully shot in and around the depressed town of Braddock, Pa. Out of the Furnace is generally well acted by a top-notch cast, but a bit weak on the storytelling side.
Set in a place where the American Dream has been dead for so long that no one even thinks to question its loss, the picture features terrific performances from its game cast.
Casey Affleck proves to be one of the most talented actors working today, bringing such raw rage to his broken soldier.
Almost as if attempting to recreate the setting of a Bruce Springsteen song ... it's wonderful to look at if not necessarily to watch.
This tragic revenge drama about a pair of blue-collar brothers battered by fate in a dying rust-belt town is almost unrelentingly grim, but the cast's powerhouse performances keep you watching, as does the film's vividly atmospheric sense of place.
A working-class morality play that's unrelenting, bleak and full of indelible acting performances.
Seems bound to the conventions of crime and revenge tales to the point where everything in it works toward those conventions without much regard to thematic cohesion.
Manly words spoken by manly men: that's one of the dry pleasures of the sturdy burnt-case male melodrama "Out of the Furnace."
Intense acting doesn't save Furnce from the fires
A pungent reek of testosterone stinks up this high-toned apologetic for vigilantism and revenge. Still: great performances!
Solid, dark, tough-as-nails working-class drama about violence, desperation and Woody Harrelson's unparalleled ability to play an inbred hick.
This is tough, unrelenting and uncompromising stuff, conjuring a doomed atmosphere with honourable parallels to the 1978 classic The Deer Hunter.
Out of the Furnace feels like America regressing into the wilds of the frontier.
Out Of The Furnace is an all too rarely seen type of film: a big-feeling drama that proves that ambition doesn't have to be solely connected to the size of a film's budget and the number of special effects shots that it has.
A great and bleak look at the often limited paths to redemption for individuals in the lower class...
Christian Bale still makes this rather run-of-the-mill proposition appealing, regardless of how oddly unfashionable he may currently be.
The varied performances yield much kindling for warming the heart, especially the scenes between the two brothers.
It's the lead performances that are the thing here, not the clichéd screenplay. And boy, these boys are acting so hard they almost sweat their fake tattoos off.
Out of the Furnace trundles along with no apparent purpose and at several key points makes no sense.
An incursion of downplayed macho movie clichés.
With little in the way of originality, and much that is mockably macho, Out of the Furnace requires a fair amount of heavy lifting from the cast to elevate it from well-worn mundanity.
See it for Bale ... who doesn't just play his part, he seems to live it.
It never sings. The script is clunky, its outcome peculiarly futile.
An earnest, honest effort, but ultimately a torpid affair whose waste of a brilliant cast is arguably more of a serious criminal act than any of the skulduggery depicted in the film.
Coarse and not exactly subtle, this dark drama might disappoint viewers expecting a more traditional revenge thriller, but there's something more interesting going on here.
The film's brand of Americana is pretty, but very Hollywood: hard scrabble but not hard won.
It falls so adorably short of its ambition to be The Deer Hunter that you almost want to cuddle it.
It's a picture with weight - perhaps more weight than bite.
A strong first half gives way to genre predictability.
It's atmospheric but under-plotted and has little to say beyond the obvious.
Macho ado about nothing.
It beats its chest in half-articulate rage. It may prompt you to go home and surf a home-shopping channel, or scour your DVD shelf for something long-forgotten starring Meg Ryan.
Scott Cooper's intense, downbeat thriller is superbly acted and strongly atmospheric, but the pacing frequently drags and the script feels predictable and over-familiar.
Despite the poignancy and grim-faced humour of this modern-day Western, it's worth your time for the cast alone.
Aims for Bruce Springsteen with its blue-collar big themes and stadium-rock emotion but ends up as a bandana-wearing cliché.
It's always watchable but the mix of pulpy drama and gritty realism never quite fit together.
All in all, about as gratifying as two hours with some of Bruce Springsteen's worst albums.
Worth seeing, but a near-miss.
Christian Bale's earnest, emotional turn sustains a thriller that throws a few mean jabs but staggers towards a punch-drunk resolution.
The story (unevenly structured) doesn't pick up pace until halfway through giving the actors lots of time to dwell on their daily grind, which is fun for them - not so much for the rest of us.
It's the sort of drab thriller you'll probably walk out of.
Affleck, Dafoe and Harrelson all do their very best to whip up a storm, but Cooper is guilty of wasting A-list talent on a B-movie revenge scenario.
Out of the Furnace feels like a screenplay, so none of it is ever authentic. Perhaps it looked better on paper, but that's certainly where its problems lie.
Take a group of talented actors, add an unbelievable script and a sophomore director and what do you get?
Good acting but the movie sinks under a leaden script. Lots of violence for the sake of violence.
A one-note sonata of grief.
Out of the Furnace would not be out of place if sent back in time to the 1970s, a decade when dramas were a dominant genre appreciated by audiences.
Like Lena and Rodney, like Harlan's girlfriend and Lena's well-meaning new boyfriend, a cop who means to keep order but can't possibly, the deer signifies Russell's possibilities receding.
Bale and Harrelson Formidable Duo in "Furnace"
As somber as it should be, featuring great work from Bale, Harrelson and Affleck.
Out of the Furnace brims with atmosphere and Bale, Affleck, and Harrelson deliver some of their finest acting work. Smokestack lightning this film is not, but Out of the Furnace nevertheless provides a solid whiff.
When the screen went to black I was left with a confounding sense of apathy. It was obvious that the film was made with a great deal of passion and forethought, so where did it fall short?
Beneath the macho posturing on the surface and the inevitable bleakness and tragedy just beneath it, the smaller moments make the film worthwhile.
You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll wish you'd watched The Deer Hunter.
This is a movie that might have been a great drama at four hours with a more ambitious script and a director with a vision or something to say.
More Jean-Claude Van Damme than Woody Guthrie or John Steinbeck. And not very good Van Damme at that.
The performances are tremendous in "Out of the Furnace", yet the film never is quite able to get out from under a dark cloud of depression.
...has a real feel for loss.
'Out of the Furnace' plays around a lot with themes of revenge and redemption and really wants to get to the heart of some profound truth, but it mostly just winds up spinning its tires.
It's ultimately clear that Out of the Furnace fares best in its engrossing first half...
The movie has an undeniable, dour force, but it's basically conventional macho filmmaking, and it's extremely violent.
Bale's commitment to his role's wrenching emotional gamut is as intense as the character's hunger for vengeance.
"Out of the Furnace" is not an optimistic film, far from it. It is, though, a well-written and well-acted tome that pulls no punches.
Good actors really earn their pay when they have to negotiate bad scripts.
Little exceptional in this re-hash of genre clichés.
A down-and-dirty revenge picture whose classy cast elevates it above its gritty, grimy trappings.
Lacks the gravitas to carry off its greater ambitions.
... cried out to be a tough, stripped-down exploitation number on the order of such B classics as 'First Blood' and 'Rolling Thunder.' Unfortunately, Cooper had something more ambitious in mind.
Out of the Furnace feels like a companion piece to Killing Them Softly in the way it's paced and its tone. But unlike Killing Them Softly, this thriller is never able to fully capitalize on its threatening ambiance.
Dark, tedious and dour, it's a melancholy, depressing dirge centered on the contemporary decay and decline of the American Dream.
He feels for his subject matter, no doubt, but every once in a while it feels like he falls short on imagination and takes a short cut to move his story forward.
In not providing enough action but not providing enough character to warrant this cast, it engages for a while but may leave you wondering why they bothered.
Out of the Furnace jumps out of the furnace but missed the fire.
Out of the Furnace is definitely one of those mood movies where style trumps substance - albeit a well-acted one.
A movie that sets out to be the antidote to glossy revenge pictures, but becomes that very thing.
Amidst its bleak worldview and unforgiving plot details is a unique and understated portrait of vengeance and redemption, albeit not quite in that order.
Excruciatingly dull. There are so many movies just like Out of the Furnace, and a lot of them are so much better.
Solid performances from Christian Bale, Casey Affleck, Sam Shepard, Woody Harrelson, and Willem Dafoe do save this gritty drama from being completely unworthy of viewing.
Out of the Furnace works as a bleak character piece, but fails as a drama and thriller.
Bale hunts deer, Affleck joins 'Fight Club,' Harrelson devours scenery.
It never works any realistic magic -- despite the rusty cars and Willem Dafoe's polyester suits -- but Out of the Furnace is still hugely entertaining thanks to the cast.
This material...isn't deceptively simple. It's just simple.
Out of the Furnace is a masterfully crafted tale of people and a place pushed to the edge where their only hope seems to be an abyss of despair.
One of the best movies I've seen this year.
We're supposed to take this more seriously because it takes itself more seriously.
If the downbeat plot is depressingly familiar, it's partly salvaged by the quality of the performances.
Outstanding performances from Christian Bale, Woody Harrelson and Casey Affleck in this brutal, violent film.
Bale carries the film with an easy, watchable intensity. If that seems like a contradiction, keep in mind that few movie stars can execute such nuance.
a nice alternative to the more explosive and flashy effects-driven films
This is macho storytelling, the kind of movie that thinks it's saying something about men who punch, drink, and hunt but lacks the realism to give its alpha-male story any weight.
...unremittingly dark and depressing but some fine performances by Dafoe, Affleck, and Harrelson, who gives a performance rivaling Richard Widmark's sociopathic killer Tommy Udo in 'Kiss of Death.'
Unflinchingly brutal and strikingly pointless.
'Out of the Furnace' has the appropriately gritty look and feel of corrosion in a Rust Belt town, but not quite enough polish to make it sparkle or even just stand apart from its predecessors. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
As he did with Crazy Heart, Cooper populates his even bleaker Out of the Furnace with a talented cast that helps elevate his portrait of gravel-road America.
Scott Cooper musters zero surprises in a script that takes too long establishing a tired premise and plays it out in grimy, dull fashion.
Grimy and unapologetically melodramatic, Furnace pounds out a steady beat of pulp, violence and possible redemption among folks who have seen better days.
Yes it has a fine cast, and all do good work. But this overly obvious film about the downward spiral lives of lower-class brothers barely scraping by in life goes through mostly expected motions.
Although Out of the Furnace takes place just a few years back in this new millennium, Scott Cooper's solemn, blood-soaked drama about brothers and broken dreams feels like it's of some different, ancient time.
Instead of looking for more, you should be looking for less.
The final act of Out of the Furnace isn't just routine in terms of what happens; it also feels disconnected from its characters in how it unfolds.
The performances aren't enough to make this a must-see as the script leaves them hanging too often and may leave you steaming with disappointment.
Standing next to something like 2013's similar but radically more complex and thematically loaded "Prisoners," "Out of the Furnace" is an unambitious exploitation flick that just so happens to have A-list actors and production values.
"Out of the Furnace" is a film in desperate need of a jump start.
It's a stark, unsettling working class revenge tale with grim echoes of The Deer Hunter, but for all its great casting and bleak atmospherics, Out of the Furnace is never quite the film it should be.
As in "Crazy Heart," Cooper has created some great roles, which are nicely inhabited by this cast. But, as in his previous film, the movie feels somewhat floppy and meandering.
Out of the Furnace is a boozy, searing portrait of disenfranchised people trying - and not always succeeding - to eke out an existence. But the movie celebrates their struggle and makes you share their scalding pain, like molten steel on bare flesh.
The parts are greater than the whole, and it's all so extreme that it feels like too much, but Mr. Cooper manages to allow his actors to turn coldly crazy or blindly angry or uncharacteristically bloodthirsty.
This is fire-breathing melodrama masquerading as social commentary.
A long, grim exercise in garden-variety pointlessness, disguised as nihilism.
Clearly, Russell and Harlan are going to collide at some point. But before that happens, the script (co-written by Cooper and Brad Ingelsby) meanders mightily.
You know where it's going, but the actors make the trip worth taking.
It's Bale, and his almost biblical quest for justice, who burns his way into your soul.
A somewhat formulaic Rust Belt noir, but Bale delivers a visceral, go-for-broke performance as a man who puts family above the law.
"Out of the Furnace" offers a bleak vision of America's rural economic woes before flattening out into a routine thriller about good men doing bad things.
It collapses under the combined weight of pretentiousness and condescension. This is Hollywood's idea of a searing drama about life in recession-era heartland.
[An] unusually deliberate but otherwise predictable drama.
It has everything a viewer would expect when Hollywood goes blue-collar...But Furnace is saved by a couple of surprises and mostly by the performances from its big-ticket cast.
A drama in which we watch a good man crumble and descend into darkness.
Features some nice performances and is deliciously atmospheric but it never achieves its goal of being a compelling meditation about how the economic erosion of a community influences the lives of those trapped within it.
"Out of the Furnace" plays like a less-commercial version of Patrick Swayze's "Next of Kin." The characters are deeper without being complex. In the end, it's just another blood feud.
It's grim, solid suspense craftsmanship, nothing more.
Even when it descends into self-consciousness in a lurid final act, "Out of the Furnace" effectively brings viewers into a space where whatever people had to lose was either squandered or stolen.
Mr. Bale, ever the brilliantly inward performer, makes Russell sympathetic with small strokes.
This supposed slice of life is so half-baked it's poisonous.
Director and co-writer Scott Cooper never finds a way to transform his working-class parable into a meaningful story in "Out of the Furnace."
What gives the movie its heat is the acting. [Casey] Affleck, his eyes pools of pain, is outstanding. His scenes with [Christian] Bale, all coiled intensity ready to spring, are electric.
The film plays like a meandering art-house piece until the seen-it-a-million-times finale, which offers up the kind of primal justice that those yahoos in the audience who haven't already fallen asleep will likely appreciate.
A surprisingly unwatered-down signature flavor, mixing motor oil, gunpowder, sweat, pig iron, dollar bills, denim, skunky beer, blood and dirty socks.
A sloppy, derivative "downtrodden" piece about broken down soldiers and shuttered factories that's basically "Bad Springsteen Song: The Movie."
A film...at war with itself...the trappings of serious commentary on contemporary socio-economic issues simply do not sit happily on a narrative arc reminiscent of seventies exploitation fare.
The macho drama is nicely drawn for most of the movie, with a genuine sense of hard times in millennial America, though Cooper lets it drift into the sort of revenge plot that propels innumerable action movies.
Its rote characters invite none of our empathy or concern in a plot unencumbered by depth or surprises.
"Out of the Furnace" begins to resemble one of those pedestrian revenge thrillers with really good acting.
A potboiler with three incredible performances by Bale, Affleck and Harrelson, "Out of the Furnace" is a film with many superb parts that falls slightly short of making a cohesive whole.
Out Of The Furnace is a defiantly old-fashioned, well-crafted piece of storytelling whose power lies in its unadorned simplicity.
If you can get past one major misstep, it's an absorbing, credible melodrama.
"Out of the Furnace" is a lot of movie, a lot of it good and pungent.
Might feel too abrasive for some, but for those who enjoy their tales of revenge served cold, garnished with the death of the American Dream, Out of the Furnace is satisfyingly bleak and compellingly irritable.
Out Of The Furnace turns out to be a predictable, very ordinary retribution story, propped up by slumming A-listers and a gritty veneer of Rust Belt desperation.
''Out of the Furnace'' is an earnestly crafted, passionately acted working-class drama rusted over by its noble intentions of steel-town sympathizing.
Cooper seems to want to make a profound statement about the hollowness of revenge or the struggles of the working class, but the movie has only the illusion of depth.
Sometimes a bunch of pros putting on a tough show just does the trick.
"Out of the Furnace" gets under your skin. Bale's commitment etches a raw portrait of stagnation and sadness. Affleck is heartbreakingly feral, and Dafoe, Harrelson and Whitaker provide solid support.
The movie ends up lacking urgency despite its pregnant pauses and punchy plot twists.
Ultimately, there just isn't enough of a story to support all that talent on screen.
A beautiful corpse of a film, Out of the Furnace is brilliantly led by Bale, but coldly executed to the point of lifelessness.
Despite stunning visuals, a satisfying score, and three all-in lead performances, "Out of the Furnace" is still bleak, lifeless and excruciatingly slow.
The cast got lost on their way to a Cormac McCarthy adaptation and accidentally wound up in a straight-to-video Steven Seagal movie instead.
While the movie's sure got a lot of good moments, I'm not sure they add up to a good movie.
While some of the performances--Bale's, Dafoe's and Harrelson's for instance--are interesting, they are not enough to elevate this stagnant story.
It actually has much in common with a film by one of its producers, Ridley Scott's 'The Counselor,' which out-bleaked even the other films based on the work of Cormac McCarthy.
Out of the Furnace goes beyond the edge of poetic despair into stridency.
For long stretches it just doesn't seem to have any idea what, exactly, it wants to say, or be.
Bale is nuanced & affecting in an overloaded, overcalculated film that doesn't deserve him. The characters' problems seem orchestrated by Screenwriting 101 rather than fate.
Other than some decent performances from Bale and Harrelson, this feels like it could have been executed better.
All gritty milieu and somber mood and muddled, under-motivated characters.
The tone of "Out of the Furnace" is bleak and pitiless, a reflection of the just-getting-by lives of its characters.
"Out of the Furnace" is rich in talent used wisely. Woody Harrelson, Zoe Saldana, Willem Dafoe, Forest Whitaker and Sam Shepard help to create a sinewy portrait of a dying way of life.
It's a heavy, solemn tale of blood ties that turns into a melodramatic gusher filled with abstractions about masculinity, America and violence, but brought to specific, exciting life by Christian Bale, Casey Affleck and Woody Harrelson.
Bale gives one of his best performances, and Harrelson and Affleck are completely captivating.
a film that brings a gun to a knife fight and still almost loses.
The picture is earnest to a fault, coming off like an exploration of how "the little people" live, so carefully written that it veritably trumpets how remote it is from the grittiness of its subject matter.
One of the best movies of the year. Casey Affleck is Oscar worthy.
"Out of the Furnace" is a straightforward revenge thriller with plenty of atmosphere, character development, and plot twists to make the experience matter.
What this movie finally boils down to is a deceptively simple tale of two brothers, and of being one's brother's keeper, and of seeking justice on the crudest of fronts.
Much longer on style and belligerence than actual substance.
A dull, seen-it-a-million-times story of small time hoods getting in too deep with maniac baddies.
Cooper props up the proceedings with detours and details of life and the locale, stopping to smell the blood, sweat and soot of the rust-belt while frequently tipping over into hopeless misery porn.
A strong cast and some prominent producers will grab critical attention, but this is basically a genre picture with ambitions -- and one that doesn't deliver all that it promises.
A gritty revenge thriller unfolding against the telling backdrop of a decaying American landscape.
Woody Harrelson has come a long way from his role as the naive bartender in TV's "Cheers" to being the baddest bad guy you'll see in the movies this year.
Noxious atmosphere of dark destinies.
The whole thing is designed with a chipped paint and scraggly facial hair aesthetic.
Although Out Of The Furnace is done utterly by the book, it also works by the book, delivering a tough, cathartic story straight, no chaser.
Bale and Affleck have an easy relationship and chemistry that makes them seem like real brothers, with Bale yet again proving he is the master at conveying a monologue's worth of emotion in a single brooding look.
Out of the Furnace is one of the year's best-acted and gutsiest films, gutsy because it dares to stick to its figurative guns until the bitter end.
What [Bale is] doing in Out of the Furnace is the essence of performance. It is bare. It is haunted. It is real
A solid, well-acted tale about how the bad steps in when jobs fall away in the Rust Belt.
A starkly powerful drama that in some ways feels like an Iraq-era bookend to The Deer Hunter.
Writer/director Scott Cooper handles a lot of familiar elements in ways that don't go exactly where you'd expect based on every other movie, so I respect that.
Loyalty and consequence collide in the "Crazy Heart" director's sophomore feature...but while those themes eventually result in payoffs that are noticeably muted and confused, the film is luckily powered by a powerful trio of performances at its core...
Yes, the working class is bearing the brunt of an inequitable economic system, and yes, the treatment of our returning soldiers from the last decade of war has been disgraceful, but the film has nothing of substance say about any of this.

@highlight

While it may not make the most of its incredible cast, Out of the Furnace is still so packed with talent that it's hard to turn away.