Shrek Forever After is a very mediocre affair, with crummy 3D and a real lack of laughs.
"Shrek Forever After" feels more like a direct-to-video release than one that should have been put in theaters.
Shrek Forever After is a fairy tale ending for the series.
Shrek Forever After is the latest in a long, mediocre tradition. What charms it does have can't really compete with the charms it doesn't have.
DreamWorks and the unlovable ogre lose the plot.
Shrek's inspired mash-up of the world of fairy tales and contemporary pop culture is now yielding diminishing returns.
Reveals an urge by the filmmakers to wipe the slate clean, as large an admission that the series is out of ideas as one could get. That said, all involved do try to make the most of it.
...sweet and gentle, and the conclusion, while expected, carries a good deal of touching sentiment.
It's sweet, mildly funny, and a pleasant enough farewell from these once beloved characters. But there's a somewhat melancholy tone to the proceedings, as we watch this franchise try to hold onto its final shreds of dignity.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Interestingly, ...Forever After's biggest influence appears not to be fairy tales this time, but rather the Back To The Future series.
Shrek Forever After brings the long-running saga to a lively close, reminding each of the characters about the love and friendship which bind them together.
The movie is a family drama about the family drama, so on every available level it works a treat.
It's a neat enough way of closing the book -- and one hopes it is closed now.
Has a warm, engaging tone that draws us into the dramatic possibilities rather than the comical ones
It isn't quite as witty or inventive as you might have hoped but if it is the last film in the series then it offers an honourable conclusion to a wonderful decade of family entertainment.
An improvement over the last film...
I admit my gentle, feelgood buzz on leaving the cinema was rather premised on the assumption that the Shrek-pipeline is now empty, but it's an enjoyable film nonetheless and a nice way for the series to finish.
Shrek Forever After is an amiable but underpowered conclusion to a franchise that ran out of comic ideas six years ago. It is time to lay this ogre to rest.
If we all loved the first film, enjoyed the second and were disappointed by the third, this fourth and final entry ends the Shrek series on a satisfying high note.
While it will have to settle for being the second best sequel of the franchise, Shrek's last outing ultimately reminds you of why we fell in love with these characters in the first place.
Obviously inspired by It's a Wonderful Life, Shrek may not be able to match Frank Capra's delicious pathos, but this is a fitting final chapter for the franchise.
Now is the time for DreamWorks to return to the drawing board; to use this $2.5 billion series to invest in something as thrilling and adventurous as the original Shrek.
The film is engaging enough, due to a narrative gimmick that makes the old ground new again.
This fourth ogre outing delivers plenty of 3D razzle dazzle and has fun messing about with its alternate-reality storyline, but it never troubles the modernclassic status achieved by the first Shrek. Still, a chunky step up from Shrek The Third.
Much better than its predecessor, but not a patch on the original, Shrek Forever After would be a respectable point for the irritable ogre's tale to come to an end.
An entertaining conclusion to the franchise -- one that parents should happily endure. But let's hope that's all, folks.
DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
Impressively directed and superbly animated, this is a clever reworking of It's A Wonderful Life that manages to freshen up the franchise, allowing for a much darker tone and a subtle revamping of all the characters...
The timing feels right for the big green guy to pass the torch to the new dragon on the block.
There's no life to the film, no spark, and more importantly no real reason for this fourth outing to have ever been made.
It is like It's A Wonderful Life replayed in the world of the Grimms, as Shrek (along with the viewer) is made to realise what he was, what he has become, and what he has lost in the process.
A welcome relief. However, it is still far, far away from the heights of the first two installments.
If anything, it's much better than the third chapter.
It's not as engaging as the original, but a nice step up from the disappointing third installment.
If you've enjoyed the ride so far, be sure not to miss one last adventure with Shrek and his crew.
As far as blatant milking of cash-cows go, it retains much of the heart and charm of the franchise, if not the cracking humour.
DreamWorks could be entering a period of fresh creativity. With How To Train Your Dragon and a balanced, darker-hued and very funny Shrek finale, they've found the magic again.
The Shrek franchise is a hugely enjoyable one, with funny characters and a knowing way with mocking fairy-tales and popular culture.
Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
Too willing to slavishly pillage from the original film, right down to similar montage sequences with the same "Smash Mouth" style soft rock musical accompaniment. It is all perfectly competent, reasonably amusing and completely unimaginative.
Shrek Forever After feels tired, but is lifted by the usual slew of wisecracks and pop culture references. The use of 3-D, while not revelatory, is apt, and adds another layer of appeal to the film's action.
A rise in quality from the very pedestrian Shrek the Third.
A supreme example of movie junk food.
Shrek 4 shows all the signs of mortuus equus syndrome -- as in, flogging the horse which is not just sleeping.
If this is to be Shrek's last outing, it's good to see him bow out in style.
All in all, it's not the spectacular send-off Shrek deserves but, as a way to get out, it's not too shabby either.
The writing is brisk and funny, the situation allows for plenty of adventure to keep our characters busy and Shrek himself takes a big lesson in learning to treasure what he's really got
Brilliant animation, 3D magic and a subversive script filled with quirky humour transports us to Swamp Heaven for this perfect Shrek final chapter. It's a whirlwind of a film
What's been achieved here is still highly hilarious. The original concepts are that solid.
The key, as Fiona points out, is to know when you have everything, and be grateful. It's a worthy conclusion to the tale. We can all live happily ever after.
Though it's jumped on the 3D bandwagon, the fourth Shrek is almost surprisingly clunky and old.
By the middle of the second act, Forever After finally finds its groove, becoming mildly amusing (the actors -- Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas -- are in fine form) but never rising to the inspired heights of the original.
This "final chapter" doesn't try too hard %u2014 save for the finale %u2014 to become an after-school special, the way the dreadfully dull Shrek the Third did.
Better than the last film, but the latest in this disappointing franchise is "Shrek" out of luck.
Good luck explaining the plot to your kid
I've sat through four Shrek movies. Christ, the things I do for you people.
This one had the same paucity in wit and script issues as the whole Shrek series.
[It] kind of engaged me a little bit.
doesn't do anything the previous installments hadn't already done for better or for worse
The weaknesses of the picture suggest that there really isn't anywhere else to go beyond this, but as long as they stop now, the series can always be remembered as a pleasurable one.
All the whiners who bashed the other revisionist sequels better raise arms here too. It'll amuse me to see Shrek fans get as angry as Spider-Man fans.
It's a Shrek-derful Midlife Crisis
All the edge, all the wit, all the refreshing originality that made the earlier films in the franchise so enjoyable have been all but drained from the swamp this go round.
The winking nonstop pop-culture references are as annoying as ever, but the witch army is cool, and there's no denying that Donkey, Puss in Boots, the Gingerbread Man, Pinocchio and the other supporting characters are pretty funny.
It cuts back on the rapid-fire pop culture references that dominate the other films to focus on the story, but unfortunately, the story isn't all that interesting.
This is one grim fairy tale.
Time for Shrek to stay far, far away.
I got three solid laughs and one chuckle out of the whole thing. There is something wrong with that.
Not as bad as number three but not as good as one and two.
A fitting fourth film in the animated series, Shrek Forever After is a mature story of romance and regret, and yet hilarious enough for kids and grownups alike.
A dumbed-down ripoff strictly for the tyke demographic too young to notice that the flick's a thinly-veiled retread.
After the original spoof of fairy tales and Disney fare, it's taken three sequels to finally get one right. Now please stop.
There probably will not be another Shrek movie, but if there isn't, this is a good place to end the franchise, and two out of three is a far better average, as far as quality goes, than most sequels.
The deepest, richest, most entertaining and the most "real" characters in movies aren't real people.
The fairy tale that has charmed adults and children is now in its fourth, and possibly final, installment.
Reminds us why we fell in love with these characters, while also finding different ways for them to interact in a new adventure.
After seeing 'Shrek the Third' I thought I was done with this movies. I thought wrong. They brought back the story. And now they can put the series to bed, happily ever after.
[Its] primary function will be to serve as a babysitter once it hits DVD.
My mind kept wandering from what was happening on screen, which never occurred during the previous and highly entertaining Shrek adventures.
Somewhat clever, heartfelt and much darker than its predecessors, but it's ultimately forgettable and not nearly as diverting as it could have been for kids and adults simultaneously.
[It] may not be especially funny; it may not have any tremendously compelling reason to exist... but by God, it's not as dispiriting as Shrek the Third.
The latest animated Shrek adventure may be in 3-D, but its execution is flat.
Shrek Forever After is not that bad. That's what we've come to... evaluating a multi-million dollar summer tent-pole release as 'not that bad.'
You don't have to be a second coming of Albert Einstein to figure out how it will all end, but that doesn't stop Shrek Forever After from having a tremendous amount of heart.
Side by side, the four Shrek films look like the stages of man. You have Shrek as ogre, Shrek as husband, Shrek as daddy, and now, Shrek as George Bailey.
Fiona's fierce, Shrek's lovable in still-funny 4th movie.
Every frame of this film reeks of a project that has been conceived and executed merely to fulfill the bare minimum to get audiences into seats. They know that if they tell a few jokes and bring back the characters you love, that you'll pay to see it. Act
It's no classic, but Shrek Forever After is a pleasant reminder that every time a cash register rings, this ogre turns angelic.
It feels narratively overcooked and comically undernourished, a pale shadow of the earlier entries.
This latest episode may be agreeably snappy and snarky -- improving considerably on 2007's stale Shrek the Third -- but it's also evidence the series is out of ideas.
Shrek Forever After wanders far, far away from the infectious and propulsive zing that we've come to expect over the past nine years.
It means well, it tries hard, but it's spinning stew out of an oyster and the results are just too thin and watery to hold up.
The shout line on the Shrek Forever After poster says it best: It ain't ogre till it's ogre.
Who is supposed to be excited by this? What child would care? What adult would care?
Directed with zest by Mike Mitchell (from a script by Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke) and shot in 3D, this final Shrek sequel has plenty of verve.
Director Mike Mitchell and screenwriters Josh Klausner and Darren Lemke, all relatively new to the franchise, manage to lead the winning returning cast in a fresh direction.
Mike Myers deserves a ton of credit for making "Shrek" an enduring and endearing part of our film vernacular.
Do we really need a movie about SHREK's midlife crisis? Really?
Forever After feels like a tired yank on the udders of a cash cow that's nearly dry.
Shrek still mopes around too much. But he recovers nicely with a good bit of help from his friends, Donkey and Puss, as fine a pair of sidekicks as filmdom has produced.
Somehow, the big green guy manages to make the whole gang fall in love with him all over again.
Mr. Murphy's toothy, shifty-eyed Donkey who distills the series' attitude of cheerfully curdled hipness. In his eternal upbeat cheekiness, he is a creation to rival Peter Pan.
Even though Forever After is not as fresh-seeming as its predecessors, it provides passable entertainment, especially for the kids who won't be familiar with the George Bailey storyline retread -- or midlife crises, for that matter.
Shrek's "It's A Wonderful Life," plus lots of action and Donkey teeth in 3-D.
Let Shrek Forever After be the final Shrek chapter so the franchise can end on a reasonably high note.
"Shrek Forever After" lacks the charm and freshness of the original. It does entertain, though, because of its winning recipe of popular characters, humor and storytelling.
Forges a pretty bulletproof family film from what from what I, at least, feared would be a worn-out formula.
Where Shrek the Third got a bit green around the gills, this latest take, puffed up in 3D and defibrillated back to life with a snappy story, makes for some monstrously good fun.
"It's mildly entertaining, infused with the pleasant nostalgia you experience visiting friends you only get to see every few years. ... But the laughs aren't there anymore."
This is nothing more than a tired and creatively bankrupt attempt to further stretch out a property that never should have turned into a franchise in the first place.
The fourth Shrek runs out of steam from the start, cribbing from its predecessors in a last desperate attempt to evoke some of that old magic.
If you had a tough time getting through Shrek the Third, you'll probably have an even tougher time with Shrek Forever After. Oh, but it's in 3-D. That should make things pop, but it didn't make much of an impression, sort of like the rest of the animati
The best since the original! Dead funny, imaginative and hip %u2013 and if Shrek goes out on this note, it's a good thing.
...for once, the creators of this creaky series try something new and fresh.
They ought to be happy they found a way to go out on top with a good movie. Please don't follow through with the idea of doing a 5th Shrek movie.
After a disappointing third outing, this Shrek brings the cycle of fairy-tale-themed films to a fine finish.
Benjamin Franklin once said, "Fish and guests stink after three days." The same could be said of movie franchises that overstay their welcome. With Shrek Forever After, the magic is gone but at least the heart is back.
After the frantic spurt of fairy-tale allusions and jokes in the first three Shreks, this one inches along with a few mostly pointless action scenes and the occasional mild pun.
Like last year's Up, this isn't merely a cute kid's movie with funny one-liners and adorable critters. It's a soulful meditation on the age-old question: Is that all there is?
Fresh, funny and, for once, a sequel worthy of summer blockbuster status.
A sunny, sweet and satisfying animated comedy.
Shrek Forever After is an improvement on the third film but misses that comedic balance that the first two films delivered.
For once ... I hope the filmmakers haven't ruled out another sequel. As Shrek Forever After proves, there's life in the big green guy yet.
What saves Shrek Forever After from utter mediocrity isn't its high-priced superstar voice talent but veteran animator Dohrn, who steals the show by making Rumplestilskin the best oily runt since Danny DeVito last dispatched a taxi.
Fanciful and, hopefully, franchise-concluding, it should have a long and prosperous life on dvd.
You've seen Shrek and it was good. If you want to know what Shrek would be like if it wasn't good, then see Shrek Forever After.
If there were a Shrek TV show, this could be the two-part finale of, say, season 3. It isn't bad. It just doesn't belong on a movie screen.
The series exits (hopefully) on the right note. It's not because it comes close to the achievement of the first two films ... but because it gets out before we turn from amused detachment to fed-up annoyance.
As was the case with the third outing, this one isn't terrible. It just feels mediocre and recycled using the "It's a Wonderful Life" themes to try to breathe some new life into the series (Parental Content Review also included)
The film's expert balance of humor, heart, and excitement is real movie magic.
So fear not, "Shrek Forever After" is not a S-wreck. But unfortunately it's not S-great, either.
The latest in the franchise is better than its predecessors, mainly because of the 3D, but should (please gods) be the last, forever.
The magic is back
It was hard to believe Dreamworks was going to be able to find an interesting enough story for a fourth installment, but Shrek Forever After is actually pretty compelling.
It coasts a bit, but it's slick, and enough jokes and characters connect that you can't quite dismiss it.
Can an ogre jump a shark? I think so.
It now requires nothing less than the retroactive destruction of Shrekâ(TM)s idyllic family life to inject some necessary conflict back into the franchise. If you canâ(TM)t fix something that isnâ(TM)t broke, your only recourse is to break it.
A recycling machine that recalls the high points of previous installments without demonstrating the need for a new one.
In the fourth and ostensibly final installment, Shrek and company still have some appeal, but the energy is lacking and the fun feels forced.
Having seen Shrek Forever After only four days ago, it has already begun to slowly fade from memory, whereas the original remains fresh in my mind, as if it were just viewed yesterday. What does that tell you?
They rewrite the series' history with style and panache, and while they don't break any new ground they still manage to make Shrek and his cronies worthy of revisiting.
It's the characters that pull us in when familiarity flatlines our interest.
After "Shrek" (2001), "Shrek 2" (2004), "Shrek the Third" (2007) and TV's "Shrek the Halls" (2007), you'd think Jeffrey Katzenberg and star Mike Myers would give creator and author William Steig's big ogre a rest.
Let's hope they have the good grace to stick to the promise and really end the franchise here, because no matter what, there's no meat left on this particular ogre's bones.
... that rare sequel that actually tops the original ...
After three films aimed squarely at adolescents, I'm mildly surprised to find that DreamWorks has made a final chapter aimed more or less at middle-aged men.
There is no happy ending for the Shrek franchise.
Shrek Forever After ends (presumably) the Shrek saga on an up note, thanks to a fresh take on a classic plot twist.
With the exception of the third film, this is the least funny of the bunch.
Shrek Forever After is being billed as the last of four big-screen romps featuring the lovable slime-green ogre with the cheesy Scottish accent. And to see this final installment is to know: It's time.
The magic is gone. Like its watermelon-headed hero, Shrek Forever After has the midlife blahs.
As It's a Wonderful Life knock-offs go, this one isn't half-bad.
For the most part the screenwriters never lose sight of the moral of this story: Whatever else gets tossed into the mix, Shrek must be the heart and soul. In this, Myers is a master; he makes it seem easy being green.
All of this would be extremely irritating, and easy to dismiss as cynical manipulation of the moviegoing public -- except for the fact that even recycled Shrek is still pretty funny, and that kids will thoroughly enjoy it.
The kind of commercially mandated, creatively bankrupt effort that makes you realize why so many animated sequels go straight to DVD.
There is a pervasive sense in Shrek 4 that the title character, a onetime antidote to soulless corporate animation, has become what he once detested.
The quick wit and multitiered pop-culture referencing that made the inaugural Shrek so much fun doesn't feel so quick or multi almost a decade down the line.
Kids' movies are rarely profoundly thoughtful, but there's no reason to be this insulting about it, either.
This fourth installment demonstrates that the big green ogre has definitely passed his prime...Maybe cinematic ogres age in dog years.
A delightful animated portrait of Shrek's mid-life crisis and his struggle to find a way to savor the ordinary rhythms of marriage and parenting.
They've promised us that this will be the last Shrek film, and please let it be true.
The novelty may have worn off, but Shrek Forever After gets better as it goes along, and it has its moments.
People will complain about what Shrek Forever After lacks in comparison to the other three installments, but I will take a drastic reduction in fart jokes and bad puns in favor of some heart any day of the week.
...as fun and witty as its predecessors, but the movie has a completely different reason for being.
The Shrek franchise has officially gone green: Forever After is made from entirely recycled material, and it smells to high heaven.
By the fourth film the script is defined by one word: desperation. The Shrek team went with the alternate universe/George Bailey trick. But it works. Funnier than Nos. 2 or 3.
If the screaming kids in the theater don't get to you, then the not-too-jolly green ogre's three burping, farting, and also screaming offspring will...
A last dance for the profitable ogre, and while it's a modest affair that barely exerts itself, it's a charming, humorous closer that reunites the viewer with old pals in an extremely agreeable fashion.
[...with the third entry] the franchise went to the well once too often, serving up the bottom's murky remains. Now they've gone twice too often: For most of Shrek Forever After, even the mud seems to have dried out.
Forever After isn't as jumbled and irritating as 2007's Shrek the Third, but it's still decidedly pointless.
The fourth -- and allegedly final -- installment of the 'Shrek' franchise is an improvement over the third, but it won't make us clamor for a fifth.
Everyone involved fulfills his or her job requirements adequately. But the magic is gone, and Shrek Forever After is no longer an ogre phenomenon to reckon with. Instead, it's a Hot Swamp Time Machine.
Dreamworks seems bored with the ogre who laid the golden egg.
Shrek the Third made more than $322 million. Why kill the goose that laid the golden egg? Because it's time.
A surprising revival after Shrek the Third was so lifeless. This is billed as the final chapter in the big guy's saga and, unexpectedly, I'm now sorry to see him go.
Third times are rarely charms in the movies, much less fourth go-rounds, and it takes more than ho-hum 3-D and video-game-ready action sequences to liven up diminishing returns.
It takes the film a deadly long time to kick in, and when it does, it largely retreads formula: ironic use of pop standards, musical numbers with contemporary choreography played for maximum laughs, risque one-liners.
This fourth and allegedly final installment in the series is lifeless, joyless and woefully devoid of the upbeat energy that distinguished the earlier movies -- well, at least the first two.
The first summer movie thus far to deliver on its promise to put on a good show.
Happily, it's a move that revives our aging ogre, and renews his flagging franchise.
Funnier and more exciting - and more emotionally connected - than most of the summer's blockbusters so far.
Shrek Forever After is, easily, the best sequel in the series.
You can see the ending, and even the fantastically corny final line coming the whole time, but when they finally do they still hit hard.
Shrek Forever After isn't offensive, just innocuous and unnecessary, a supposed final chapter to a series that should have ended two installments ago.
Shrek Matures: Bourgeoisie Critics are Opposed
Shrek is without question the funniest film of the year-at least so far.
Old-fashioned, despite the 3D, this fourth (and final?) segment in the hit animated franchise is the weakest in terms of wit, playfulness, entertainment.
Good enough for the kiddies, but grown-ups may find Part 4 little more than a hollow echo of the original Shrek.
This fourth installment in the popular animated franchise demonstrates it may finally be time to let Shrek and Fiona live happily ever after.
Whether or not Shrek has outlived his usefulness as a profit center, it's clear that time and technology have passed him by.

@highlight

While not without its moments, Shrek Forever After too often feels like a rote rehashing of the franchise's earlier entries.