A shockingly crass grab for holiday pocket money that's both infantile and endlessly patronising.
A re-hash of tired cliches and CGI effects.
The laughs subside near the end as the requisite moral kicks in, but this is still that rare kids' movie I'd recommend to parents and nonparents alike.
Criminal acts and scenes of brutal violence spoil the effect of "Barnyard" as an animated movie for tots.
That the lead character is a 'male cow' complete with udders shows how confused the picture is.
A beatifully animated simple but fun plot, carries enough giggles for all age groups.
The animation is perfectly colorful and the voice actors earn their paychecks, but it's blatantly obvious that this thing started production without a screenplay -- and hit the screens without a plot.
Relatively unfunny comedy about barnyard animals. It is notable mainly for its anatomically incorrect portrayal of bulls with udders.
Deserves to be hanging in the nearest meat locker.
There are far better ways of keeping the kids happy.
This could be the film that snaps everyone's patience with Hollywood animations which have a Dell computer chip where their heart should be.
Good voice talent and some funny moments.
It's impossible to shake the impression that Barnyard was written by idiots. Why else would the male cows have udders?
Loud, raucous and dispiritingly unfunny.
The design is uninteresting, the characters are bland and the story is terrible.
Strictly for kids, and, as the three or four people who saw Oedekerk's previous directing effort, Kung Pow: Enter the Fist, can attest, the writer/director tends to stretch even throwaway jokes minutes past the punch line.
Ben the Cow (the voice of Sam Elliott) has to teach his carefree son Otis (Kevin James) the responsibility of leadership over the farm animals. This is far from Otis' mind, but inevitable. Barnyard is a farm version of The Lion King with eno
...has energy to spare but a flimsy and only mildly amusing script that doesn't allow it to stand out from the current glut of kid-friendly CGI competitors.
There is a nice mix of humour and pathos here. Barnyard may not be all that exceptional, but it is quite satisfying.
OK, ignore the transsexual cows. The whole thing is such a mish-mash of genres, from Ferris Bueller's Day Off to Animal Farm to Lion King, that it's something we've seen 'til the cows come hom
Not good enough for even a rental, this 'Barnyard' should be burned for fear of mad cow disease
Barnyard doesn't know if it wants to be another tiresomely 'hip' piece of post-Shrek postmodernism or a comfortably traditional kids' movie that delivers family values without the self-conscious smirk.
It shouldn't be surprising that writer-director Steve Oedekerk, the man responsible for Kung Pow! Enter The Fist and the second Ace Ventura movie, considers single-celled organisms as he shoots for the lowest common denominator.
Don't the filmmakers know there are children watching -- and listening?
Could cause more gender confusion than 'Transamerica.'
Pigs get drunk. Cows steal cars. Find out why Barnyard: The Original Party Animals is a funny flick grazing in the wrong pasture.
All the cows have udders - even the male ones. In real life, only female cows have udders. What kind of sick, alternate cow universe does this movie take place in anyway?
Barnyard is a one-note premise that falls flat after about 10 minutes.
"Barnyard" doesn't stink. But it's not the cream of the crop, either.
The funniest joke is the one nobody talks about: the gender confusion of male cows with udders.
Barnyard isn't a complete waste of time, it's just too familiar.
A Lion King clone that's tailored to the Fisher-Price crowd.
With shamefully obvious nods to the father/son sentimentality of traditional Disney 'toons and even an awkward love interest, Barnyard is a mishmash of modern cartoon clichés.
With 'Barnyard,' the androgynous udders, as annoying as they can be, are about the only original thing to be found in the whole movie.
never really amazing enough to separate it from the rest of the herd of great animation that we've seen this summer.
[W]hy do the male cows have udders?.. This isn't supposed to be the animated version of TransAmerica.
Even young kids are going to have a hard time buying into a film that deliberately ignores a basic biological fact they learned in kindergarten.
doesn't just violate the audience's right to entertainment, it violates animal dignity to such an extent that PETA might want to consider getting involved
The CG animation looks like rubbery plastic instead of animals, and much of it is spent on jokes related to derrieres and hindquarters.
Lesbian Cows!!! Lesbian COWS!!!! Carnivorous LESBIAN COWS!!!! Aarg!
There's barely enough of a story to sustain a short film, much less a feature.
So, you know, it's fine. It's nothing special.
Forget the confusion of the he-cows that populate the film; the real problem is that Barnyard is just a lousy, lousy movie.
This is a film made to babysit kids for 80 minutes during the summer months, and shouldn't be regarded as anything more.
Udderly ordinary.
Nearly every joke lays an egg.
your kid won't learn anything from Barnyard, but they might need 10 years of therapy after viewing the movie's fight scenes and COYOTES ATTACKING THE FARM.
Laughter comes from the movie's absurdity, not its comedy.
... an odd mix of coming of age film and an animated Babe where bulls wag exaggerated udders along with their feminine counterparts.
Other than confusing children, it's hard to know what the inane, tedious, mean-spirited Barnyard is trying to do.
Could qualify as a case study in just how quickly and thoroughly computer-animated studio releases have declined to a state of inspiration-depleted, assembly-line anthropomorphism.
A sweet and mildly funny movie that will entertain young audiences, but one aspect is utterly mystifying: The two main characters, father and son bovine creatures, have large, distracting udders.
This is a darn cute movie and I think you'll find it funny.
... spends at least half of its running time ambling around in search of a plot. By the time it finds one -- ...'Hey, I know! We'll rip off 'The Lion King,' and put cows in it!' -- the movie has already bought the farm.
If not exactly Orwell's Animal Farm, Barnyard has its levels of wit and significance.
Among the summer's 'toons, Monster House remains the most visually exciting and sophisticated, but Barnyard is much funnier.
Politically correct, anatomically incorrect and ugly to look at, the only thing that saves Barnyard is writer (and director) Steve Oedekerk's gift for gags and almost-edgy humor.
The movie still just plods along, and there's nothing very new here.
If you want to punish your kids, send them to bed without dinner. If you want to disturb, frighten and depress them while making sure they fail biology, take them to the animated feature Barnyard.
Too mature for little kids and much too corny for older siblings and chaperones, Barnyard probably should have been put out to pasture long before it made it to the multiplex.
Maybe if the plot was more engaging I wouldn't have been so distracted, but Barnyard was pretty disappointing.
Surely there's no better way to introduce kids to the joys of knee-jerk stereotyping than to randomly distribute clichés among talking livestock.
Colorful and energetically silly, a little scary and shot through with reassuring and worthy life lessons, it's an untaxing children's movie formula all the way.
All of the jokes are obvious, some are funny and none are what you would call inspired.
The giddily indeterminate approach to bovine gender -- and charmingly sappy adoption subtext lend ample appeal to this decidedly non-Orwellian story of four legs good, two legs irrelevant.
What starts out as a strained, silly and strictly-for-the-chitlins collection of talking animal shenanigans redeems itself through sheer force of personality.
Adults will get enough laughs to survive gags such as the chickens using a Col. Sanders dartboard but will likely lose patience waiting for the very predictable story and sentiments to slowly play themselves out.
Barnyard moves with a frenetic energy, especially in the numerous barn dance and chase scenes, that will probably keep family audiences moderately entertained. But it doesn't stand up to this summer's relative bonanza of animated family films. Moo.
While there are occasional funny bits, the question remains: Why should you go see this movie instead of its competitors? The answer is: You shouldn't.
There's no reason to spend good, hard-earned dollars on seeing this one at the theater.
The basically good -- though not very inspired -- Barnyard just stirred up a lot of 'been there, done that' feelings in me as I watched this film.
Barnyard: The Original Party Animals actually has a clever concept (the animals walk upright and hang out like humans when the farmer isn't looking) and it handles such sensitive topics as birth and death with unexpected grace.
Barnyard is nothing so much as The Lion King chewed in a cud and digitally regurgitated. It's manic and maudlin, borderline creepy, occasionally inspired.
It's quick, it's painless, and there are enough laughs (and a few tears) throughout to keep everything moving along.
Barnyard is brought to us by the same comedic genius that made Kung Pow: Enter the Fist. Use that as your personal gauge about how good (or bad) this movie will be.
Ugh. I need a shower -- I want to be hosed down. This is not the feeling you generally want to be left with after seeing a children's movie.
This is the most dubious animation since Robert Zemeckis's creepy The Polar Express, only uglier, lazier, and with a more indisputable racist streak.
Gary Larson did more with this idea in a single Far Side panel than Steve Oedekerk and his army of animators can muster over eighty minutes in this tepid computer-generated kidflick.
It looks great, and it's bright and colorful, fast and fun, with terrific voice talent... You may know from the opening where the story's heading, but it's a fun ride, and there's a lot of heart between the laughs.
The barnyard is the Middle East; the hens represent the oil wealth; and the humans are the ineffectual United Nations! Or... perhaps it's all just a mediocre cartoon about talking barnyard animals. Whichever.
With a blithe disregard for anatomical correctness, Barnyard offers the spectacle of male cows equipped with prominent udders while spinning an uplifting coming-of-age yarn spiked with liberal doses of madcap lunacy.
Kids 8 and older may laugh now and again at this ill-conceived animated comic fable about barnyard animals who party like frat boys when the farmer isn't looking, but it surely doesn't earn the laughs through good storytelling or beautiful animation.
Moooove along, there's nothing to see here! With its blatant disregard for the laws of nature, gravity and good humor, this animated adventure is little more than a series of gags... loosely strung to the plot of The Lion King.
This often amusing but also aimless and forgettable animated comedy is noteworthy mostly for its random musical numbers and surprising amounts of violence.
While youngsters might enjoy the movie, more discerning tweens, teens and adults will not be as easily amused, and boxoffice prospects look modest, albeit followed by a long DVD shelf life.
Poorly animated and barely scripted, this is the worst in an endless line of computer-animated movies starring animals this year.
[T]he premise of this movie assumes the very idea of animals talking must be side-splitting... but writer-director Steve Oedekerk doesn't give them many humorous things to say.
[T]he culture of juvenile pranks and misdemeanors and a nightly hoedown that combines a Vegas casino and a cattle-town country bar is more appropriate for older kids...
Barnyard isn't genius, but it isn't cloying either. It's aggressively entertaining and, at times, unexpectedly touching.
Barnyard is not without laughs, but they come in inverse proportion to the viewer's age.
This coming-of-age story can seem like a series of "Far Side" panels expanded into a feature, but it imparts its lessons with a wealth of detail and too many gags to catch in one viewing.
Barnyard can at least hold its head up as a sharply scripted effort that, while assembled from familiar elements, does not feel focus-grouped and committeed to death.
If the humor is smart and effective, the animation is lackluster and uneven -- the pixel pushers at Pixar have spoiled us.
... feels like Barnyard swipes too much of its plot from The Lion King.




@highlight

Unimaginative and unfunny, this tale of barnyard mischief borders on 'udder' creepiness and adds little to this summer's repertoire of animated films.