Based on the true story of Michael D. Weiss, which is convenient, since Weiss was considerate enough to live his life in a way that he surrounded himself with every possible cliche and hackneyed, obvious development imaginable.
With summer movies safely tucked away, it's the time of year where Oscar films pop up, and this week's Puncture may be a contender.
...a sporadically watchable yet wholly uninvolving endeavor that probably does a disservice to the movie's real-life inspiration.
Although Evans is spectacular, the elements of this lopsided conspiracy thriller never quite jell.
(Evans) turns in a performance that gives no quarter. It is raw, it is dangerous, and it is unforgettable
Evans is good here, revealing an intensity of thought he's rarely displayed before, but it just isn't enough to pull Puncture out of neutral.
"Puncture" has the unusual problem of being almost too intriguing; its based-on-true-events story seems to cry out for documentary treatment.
"Puncture'' is based on an actual court case. But is this a story best served by focusing on the legal battle or the arc of Mike's flawed hero?
Evans works so hard to look like a drug addict that it undermines the character's effort not to look like one.
The film veers off into an addiction/redemption story awkwardly punctuated by political correctness.
Stick a pin in it.
It's a thoughtful entry in the growing subgenre of whistle-blower dramas.
Even with a very-good lead performance, isn't memorable enough to recommend.
Perhaps, one day, someone else will pick up [the movie's] effort and do the story justice.
Evans's soulful performance keeps Puncture from overdosing on righteous indignation.
Does a commendable job of merging its David vs. Goliath elements with Weiss' personal problems, doing justice to the fact that "Puncture" is based on true people and an actual case.
Electrifying in the role, Evans reminds me of other great out-of-control druggies played by Al Pacino and Nicolas Cage.
A riveting legal drama that easily represents Evans' best work.
This muckracking film akin to Ida Tarbell and Lincoln Steffens exposes the multi-billion dollar purchasing scandal in the healthcare industry in the guise of an entertaining thriller.
Social-activist-filmmaking goes astray at the hands of dueling sibling directors Mark and Adam Kassen.
The filmmakers want to honor this man's achievements, but viewers will likely leave the theater uncertain as to what exactly it was that he accomplished.
This true-life film is a likable oddity: a rambling, low-budget Erin Brockovich with a cokehead hero.
The topic of safety needles is certainly an important one but not one that makes for very interesting drama; the Kassens would have been better off making a doc and having Evans narrate it.
Evans is an electrifying presence, working overtime to save the day.
"Puncture" presents a compelling story, but it's also difficult to sympathize with Evans' doomed main character, no matter how vividly he's acted.
[It] possesses all the right ingredients: an idealistic young lawyer, a corrupt corporate villain and a sympathetic victim. It just fails to assemble them into a compelling whole.
The picture benefits from its performances, notably Evans' roguish appeal as a guy simultaneously driven and destructive.
a quality film worth seeing
A typically improbable David & Goliath courtroom drama with a small lawyer battling the corporate medical establishment.
Well-done, briskly paced and compelling drama with a vital message.
There's something perverse about the ultra-conventional way directors/brothers Adam and Mark Kassen handle their unconventional material in the based-on-a-true-story drama Puncture.
The issue at hand is not particularly cinematic...And the personal story is handled in a way that seems surprisingly impersonal, even superficial.
An ethically-charged courtroom drama about a David vs. Goliath battle.
You can't escape the impression that the actual events the movie dramatises are far more compelling than what's on the screen.
Like any good cautionary tale, Puncture tells a suspenseful story responsibly, creating food for thought and leaving the audience both enlightened and entertained.
It's Weiss's sheer gonzo energy and his determination to keep it together (barely) in the name of justice that initially fuel this underdog tale...
Puncture is proudly "Based on a True Story." As is so often the case, this means an indifference to "true" human relationships in favor of crusading self-righteousness.
No stranger to drug paraphernalia himself, Evans as danger junkie Weiss is deep into coke and hookers, when not stumbling into court ready to rumble over suspect syringes. Captain America sticks it to the differently dangerous medical establishment.
The film is chock-a-block with extraordinary performances and no one will fault the filmmaking either. This is a well-made movie, make no mistake. It just suffers from a dysfunctional hero.
Working from a fact-based script, tyro helmers Adam and Mark Kassen fashion an impassioned expose on the health-care industry full of strange-but-true incongruities in Puncture.
If you like your films like you like your airport fiction, then Puncture should be right up your alley.


@highlight

There's a compelling story at the heart of Puncture but viewers will have to pierce through the formulaic storytelling to find it.