My resistance to embrace this film-even though I like the idea of a subversive, satirical anti-Paul Blart mall cop comedy-is that I had trouble believing it.
There's a general overbearing unpleasantness to Observe and Report, and you get the feeling this was the intention -- in order to make it more "like life."
The film becomes almost nauseating, though, after serving up a steady diet of violence, drug use, racism and date rape.
This movie has a clever idea - what if a mall cop truly believed he was society's last protector? - and then wraps it up in stylish sight gags and muffles the message by making Ronnie just a garden-variety, everyday bipolar depressive.
This is one of the best comedies of the decade, and I suggest you check it out immediately - just don't take your grandmother.
For those who appreciate laughs spiked with venom.
It's a full-scale, contemptuous attack on the mall mentality.
A seriously bizarre little movie...
If you enjoy this film, it might just be time to examine the stability of your own psychological wellbeing. I loved Observe and Report, and that's a terrifying reality I have to deal with.
Seth Rogen hardens his Hanna-Barbera face to become what he's never been before: Damn scary. Fiendishly misanthropic, unnervingly funny and dangerously subversive, Jody Hill hybridizes "Taxi Driver" into a satire of major laughs and grim subtext.
That playlist proves that Observe and Report was shaped by a hip sensibility. Shame that sensibility didn't have more effect on the script.
Rogen and writer-director Jody Hill wring out of it a scary-funny character study about a warped man and his twisted sense of what it means to be a hero.
Here's an observation--Jody Hill's bum comedy fails to live up to the potential of its two talented stars, Seth Rogen and Anna Farris. As for the story, here's the report. It's stupid.
If this were an audition reel and I was the head of a studio I'd call security to make sure this guy Seth Rogen and his writer-director Jody Hill never got near enough to my office to cast a shadow on it.
...gets increasingly bleak and ludicrous as it goes along, until it ends on a sentimental yet still rude and vulgar note. The movie is relentless.
As raunchy and as nihilistic as a two-minute punk song. It has its envelope-pushing rewards, at times .. but it tends to make its single-minded point over and over. After a short while, you begin to wonder: Is there anything on its mind? There isn't.
Observe and reject
You can cheer on "Paul Blart," something impossible in "Observe and Report," which is much darker. It does have some occasional funny moments, but they don't feel fresh
A downright dumb film
The latest in a long line of mean spirited, snark filled, low down comedies that while it lasts gives stereotyping a good name.
Much of the movie is just plain vicious. At best, it's sad and grotesque, rather than hilarious.
The hideous thing is that the film is modelling behaviour for young men who might still think it's all hilarious.
Ronnie's corruption is not an easy journey to absorb, but Observe and Report is committed to the hellish descent all the way.
Offers a surprising journey if you're prepared to ride along with Ronnie, his security cart, and his attitude.
Observe And Report is all pain and no gain. Avoid at all costs.
It's not consistently on-the-money, but Observe and Report's subversive humour should be applauded - even if it isn't as witty as it thinks it is.
Writer-director Jody Hill thinks he's trying to push the envelope but doesn't know in which direction, or why.
Writer-director Jody Hill attempts a difficult balancing act, so he can be forgiven for occasionally stumbling between laughter and squirms.
What is truly offensive is that a studio would say no to dozens of worthwhile projects and green light this garbage.
A funny version of Taxi Driver is a dubious proposition to begin with, and writer-director Jody Hill botches it from the start.
Does this film warrant one star for being so ugly, violent, misogynistic, sexist and racist - or five stars for being a daring and disturbing study of the violence, ugliness, sexism and racism of the ordinary American male?
Often more funny peculiar than funny ha-ha, this cult flick will offend and baffle plenty an audience member.
Director-writer Jody Hill wants it both ways -- as absurdist comedy and serious character study -- and falls short twice.
If writer-director Jody Hill provides Rogen with pretty slim opportunities, the biggish man remains a gloriously robust talent. Heck, he's even able to ring laughs from such fundamentally unfunny topics as bipolar disorder and alcoholism.
An odd one. Rogen's latest clown is an angry, confused man who you never feel entirely comfortable laughing at. There are laughs - you'll just feel guilty afterwards...
Bracing, bleak and berserk, this is a film which laughs in the face of American intolerance, and comes up punch-drunk and grinning.
The bleakly savage comedy Observe and Report is very nearly a great, if somewhat disturbing, film. What lets it down is not the gratuitous violence and foul language - it's that it doesn't go far enough.
Again and again, you almost laugh at something that is almost good, and then there is a clumsy and misjudged moment of crassness. I'm all for bad taste and black comedy and grossout. But it has to be funny.
Dark, subversive and politically incorrect humour can be brilliant in capable hands and with the right purpose (like the wonderful South Park), but here it's offensively bereft of any wit and is simply unpleasant.
Offbeat and violent with laughs that frequently stick in the throat, this isn't Knocked Up but if the idea of Napoleon Dynamite meets First Blood appeals, you'll go home smiling.
This mall cop may be more Bickle than Blart, but Observe And Report tries too hard to be edgy, while its gloomy observations fail to produce a cohesive whole. Shop elsewhere.
Having observed Seth Rogen's latest comedy, may I report that it's not very good. And if that seems like a tedious pun (even by my standards), that's because I've just sat through an hour and a half of them.
Though it's often darkly amusing, it would be a mistake to label it as an out and out comedy and what it most certainly is not is a less family friendly version of Paul Blart: Mall Cop.
This dark and bleak comedy is an oddball affair, with Seth Rogen brilliant as a bipolar guard.
Lovable Seth Rogen tries something a little different in Observe And Report and it really doesn't work.
Interesting and disturbing, it's one most will love or loathe - probably the latter.
Far from being another lazy comedy about a fat rentacop trying to prove himself, Observe and Report is an extremely disturbing comedy about a fat rentacop trying to prove himself.
It has a few big laughs, though it is so mean-spirited and is so determined to outrage that a lot of audiences won't be able to enjoy it.
Jody Hill's ambiguous and unsettling film is a comedy about law enforcement in much the same way that Martin Scorsese's The King of Comedy is a comedy about comedy.
Observe and Report desperately wants to be Bad Santa, but its handful of decent moments fail to compensate for a wildly uneven tone, several badly misjudged scenes and the fact that the film just simply isn't funny.
The comedy isn't funny enough and the black-comic edge isn't nearly nasty enough.
Reminded me of the work of Paul Thomas Anderson and Quentin Tarantino.
The genius of casting Seth Rogan as Ronnie cannot be overstated. There is in him an innate likeability that overcomes the character's very real darkness
Observe and Report proposes that a man who feels worthless is capable of a violent rage. If this sounds edgy, it's not.
What would happen if the Michael Douglas character from 'Falling Down' and the character of Travis Bickle from 'Taxi Driver' became trapped in an adult comedy?
This is a movie about damaged, deranged people, who you wouldn't want to be near if you met them in real life.You'll ask yourself if you should be laughing- until you shrug and laugh anyway.
a strange, slightly disconcerting, and at times aggressively insistent wince-inducing comedy
Brutally, demonically funny.
Hill pushes his characters right to the edge of horribleness while keeping them brutally funny.
Not for all tastes, but a true groundbreaker.
Seth Rogen's reliable charm finally meets its match in this strained, unfunny script
One exits feeling not amused, but sullied, weary.
Everything feels plastic and false, the tone shifting so frequently that the farce, satire and simplistic Sandler-style dumb comedy don't ever coalesce into something intriguing and alive.
The movie invites us into a world of bitterly unhappy people and rubs our noses in their failings. It's disquieting and eerily perverse, but somehow, despite itself, very funny.
Who knew it was in 3-D; dark, depressing and dull
Imagine a Kevin Smith film directed by Quentin Tarantino. Yeah.
Hill is finding his own voice as an original comedic filmmaker, however spotty he may be.
Ronnie may very well be the most appalling and wicked comedy protagonist ever... [the film] does not particularly care about being liked, and it's surely not to all tastes.
If a mall security flunkie is ever trading mace with bullets during a "Sbarro's hostage incident," he better hope the punk with the gun saw Observe and Report instead of Paul Blart: Mall Cop.
If a darker, more depraved R-rated version of Paul Blart is what you've been waiting for, then this mall cop is for you!
I don't think it's much of a comedy. The darkness overpowers everything.
You don't relate or enjoy watching Seth Rogen's character on screen.
It's not a good film, but it's a funny one.
This pitch black comedy has more in common with Taxi Driver or Oldboy than with a Judd Apatow flick.
Imagine Taxi Driver or The King of Comedy if everyone in sight had been written and performed as a maladjusted loser.
Lets it all hang out, and we're not talking danglingly plot threads. And the wicked humor never lets up, as the tone deliciously darkens just when it seems there's nowhere left to go. Better than Blart and Dirtier Than Harry.
A comedy so dark you have to turn the house lights on to see the screen.
I suppose this movie could've been worse. I'm just not sure how.
[Celia Watson] steals almost every scene she is in, even when she is passed out drunk on the floor.
Dumb and pointless
Hill's lopsided laugher is bizarrely charming and frothy in its impishness of impropriety...Roguishly appalling but unapologetic in its mindlessness...
'O & R' focuses on characters instead of plot, which may bother some viewers. However, the movie worked for me because of its excellent performances.
Bitter, ugly and painful to watch. Given the choice between a repeated bludgeoning with a tire iron and sitting through Observe and Report, go with the tire iron, you'll feel better when it's over.
For people disappointed that Paul Blart didn't have more violence, booze, drugs, date rape, f-bombs, 'retarded' insults and full frontal penis shots.
Paul Blart: Mall Cop is TV squeaky clean. Observe and Report. has four-letter words, raunchy dialogue, drug use and female and male nudity. It is also light years funnier.
If you laugh at all - which I admittedly did - it is sometimes laughing at the political/social incorrectness of [the main character], and sometimes laughing at the sheer audacity of the film.
It's a comedy with a foot on the neck of the Zeitgeist, and it's this pressure on our trachea that crushes the laughter in our throats.
It falls short of brilliant but it's a lot more daring than what passes for 'dark comedy' these days, and it reminds us that 'feel bad' comedies may not always be as funny as 'feel good' ones but, when they work, they can ultimately be more satisfying.
Observe and Report is a lot better when it's being funny than when it's rummaging in the shadows.
If Paul Blart was a chubby but loveable friend of the family, then Observe and Report is its mentally unbalanced, just-out-of-prison, suicidal older brother.
I don't want to oversell it, but Observe and Report is the sort of offbeat studio movie that should be encouraged.
[It] has its laughs, but also has its moments where you're can't help but shake your head, saddened or appalled that someone thought this was funny.
Perfect; it's dark and strange and dances right on the edge of being completely mean and unfriendly, but manages to keep from tumbling over. It's f***ing amazing.
Seth Rogen's wasted in this comedy of errors.
There's nothing cute or predictable about Observe and Report. And that's precisely why it works.
Observe and Report is bold, raw and uncompromising. It's also an unqualified mess.
In the end, Observe and Report falls in the somewhat confusing middle -- guaranteed to annoy the mainstream while not quite delivering the final twist and bitter irony the true comic cultists crave.
I'm not sure how many lovable schlubs Rogen agreed to play in Judd Apatow comedies to get this dark little piece made, but I'm delighted he took the risk.
He's creepy, offensive and irritating.
I am all for perverse and dark comedy, but is it too much to ask for it to actually be consistently funny?
How much you're entertained will likely depend on your own taste as well as your appreciation for Hill's subversion of feel-good Hollywood norms.
Mindless, silly and outrageously funny with hilarious, lively comedic performances and plenty of bold, inane and mean-spirited humor.
A few of the less repeatable lines hit their marks, but the whole affair has the pasty-faced desperation of shoppers trapped in fluorescent light.
Director Jody Hill presents all of this as a comedy, somewhere between absurdist and black -- like Napoleon Dynamite meets Martin Scorsese.
A sophisticated comedy about an unhinged doofus, Observe and Report falters under the weight of its ambitions.
The tone of the film wavers queasily, though intentionally, between slapstick and shock.
Writer-director Jody Hill is obviously trying to accomplish something here. But just what is none too clear.
Even for those who relish no-holds-barred humor, there's a point when the most outrageous, caustic comedy can slide from cutting and absurd to just plain mean.
The whole thing is calibrated to wow us with its weirdness, even as it assumes an air of 'Who, me?' guilelessness. I've seen slick, glossy Hollywood thrillers made with less knowing calculation.
Meet mall cop Paul Blart's evil, unfunny twin.
Aggressively mean and even more aggressively stupid.
I've observed this Seth Rogen comedy, and I can report that it's not very good.
Observe and Report strikes me as a comedy in perfect pace with this moment. It's funny and uncompromising, offering laughs without denial.
A static one-ring circus revolving around a ringmaster who's also a low clown.
It's a comedy in which the humor is based on taking everything to the extreme, not only in terms of grossness, but also in terms of messing with our expectations.
[T]he upbeat ending--which comes on the heels of a genuinely shocking climax--is so incongruous that, as with The King of Comedy, it almost seems we're being dared to question whether it is real or delusion.
[Director] Hill evidently intends his film to be satirical. But satire requires intelligence to succeed. Observe and Report has a moronic sense of humour, trading in racism, sexism, profanity and violence at every predictable turn.
With admirably funkiness and bold flavor, Hill has made the anti-Blart...but at a time when we've seen seven mass shootings in a month, do we really need the comedy version of Taxi Driver?
Rogen's character -- like Jim Carrey's Cable Guy -- is a sad, fascinating fellow who will deserve re-visiting and re-considering in subsequent viewings.
Observe and Report is...not afraid to take chances, to push envelopes, and explore elements that usually don't make it into a satire or spoof.
It's like there's a really great dark comedy in there desperately trying to get out, but it can't because fart jokes make more money.
A spiritual exercise for the heart that offers us a chance to look for the good in a socially awkward, bigoted, violent, and loathsome individual.
Parental Content Review
Some funny performances are lost in the cloud of cruelty.
The Jody Hill aesthetic is an acquired taste %u2013 one I thought I had but which Observe and Report tested severely.
Walking out of Observe and Report, I was torn between categorical loathing and perverse admiration.
Edgy and exploitive, this vigilante story earns its R-rating for pushing the acceptable boundaries of crude, dark comedy - but it's not for mainstream audiences.
Observe and Report is one of those films that leaves you feeling confused about what you just watched. Luckily the last five minutes make up for the rest of the film.
A potentially brilliant conceptual comedy that fizzles because its writer and director, Jody Hill, doesn't have the guts to go with his spleen.
It's the best comedy of the year so far because it demands that you forget your ideas about when it's okay to laugh.
Well, that's 85 minutes of my life I'll never get back.
A weirdly timely, pitch-black comedy about America the Insanely Angry.
Observe and Report wants very desperately to be a dark comedy. But it doesn't quite get there, as it's not funny enough to hit the comedy dismount and not clever enough to go fully dark.
One of the strangest and most daring films of the last five years.
I just think it could have gone further, which is to say I'm so desensitized to violence that beating up children and vandalizing public spaces feels too tame to me.
One of the ballsier comedies to come from a big studio in some time that's likely going to tear at audience's expectations but, hopefully, will have them appreciating its creators.
It is so good and funny that as far as I am concerned, Jody Hill has officially been forgiven for "The Foot Fist Way."
Consumer America and flashers? Both ripe for laughs. But in Hill's hands, they're sad and frightening instead.
I have no affection for this movie but I have to admit to a grudging admiration for its willingness to be awkward, intrusive, and disturbing.
Given that the ordinarily likable Seth Rogen is portraying a delusional, violent, sexist, racist, homophobic mall cop with a bipolar disorder, there's not really a lot to laugh at.
When Observe and Report is funny, it's often shockingly so. The characters can be nasty or self-absorbed, yet they still have a whiff of sweetness.
Observe and Report is the evil twin of Paul Blart, which had a soft heart but no nerve. This flick is almost criminally cynical, but delinquents will think there's something arresting about a movie whose mission is disturbing the peace.
Here's the simplest way to put it: if you liked the over-the-top, brutal finale of Pineapple Express, you'll most likely find yourself enjoying Observe and Report...
Unsure if it's supposed to make you love or loathe all the ugly behavior and cheap gags, Observe and Report will make you squirm for all the wrong reasons.
There is no moral to this story, and there's not much comedy either.
Beyond the weirdness, if you can get there, is a quick portrait of trailer-park America pursuing its urges by any means necessary.
A fascinatingly bizarre dark comedy, an abrasive and occasionally mean-spirited tale that succeeds by being completely committed to its ideas.
Observe and Report tickets should come with a free breath mint, because however hard you've been laughing, that ending leaves a seriously bad taste in your mouth.
It's a film made with the naughty rush of kids getting away with something crazy behind their parents' backs.
Here's hoping the talented Rogen, in the future, sifts out junk like this from the many opportunities before him.
As funny as it is sick (and it's plenty of both).
In other words, if Paul Blart were a monthly comic, and Alan Moore took over the writing, this might be the result.
Something of a cross between the formalist whimsy of Wes Anderson and the God's-lonely-man psychosis of Taxi Driver, the film breaks all the rules, but the tonal schizophrenia that results isn't an accident.
There won't be a more polarizing comedy released in 2009 than Observe and Report. This audacious, subversive action comedy turns two of our cuddliest performers, Seth Rogen and Anna Faris, into poster kids for atrocious misbehavior.
Not only is the movie itself upsetting, but there's the thought that Paul Blart has turned out to be the funny mall cop movie.
Like "Foot Fist," "Observe and Report" is about grating, dysfunctional males and the sluts they love and inappropriate behavior alone does not equal comedy.
[Director Jody] Hill can create only one sort of protagonist, and half the time he's stuck in a gray area between satirizing the firearms-obsessed, multidirectionally offensive Ronnie and embracing him.
a pubescent fantasy where the characters act like they're inside a cartoon and there are simply no consequences for their actions
By taking chances and freeing itself of a safety net, the picture arrives as a welcome respite to the same-old, same-old.
It's the strangest movie I expect to see from a Hollywood studio for the rest of the year.
Soon, Rogen will muscle up into the role he really wants: Rambo. That explains the shoot-em-up climax of Pineapple Express, an unfunny joke now stretched out into a full flick
[A] startling portrait of knee-jerk ignorance, obliviousness, and mean-spiritedness... Rogen's wholehearted devotion to the character imbues him with a solid reality, if a miserable one...
Observe and Report revels in creeping you out and making you laugh -- hard.
Observe and Report feels more like a series of not-quite-successful skits thrown together than a movie with a script.
While it stops before sliding too far into the darkness, Observe and Report hits a lot of bull's-eyes by aiming for the gut, not easy belly laugh.
You can't root for Ronnie. You can't identify with him. You can't hope he gets the girl - any girl -- or the police job or even the crook. But you may want to look on with stunned fascination as he ticks away, ready to explode.
Subplots come and go with zero regard for narrative integrity.
A hit-and-miss curio.
For better or worse, the weirdest, wildest comedy of the year so far.
An acidic, anarchic layer cake of mental illness with comedy teddy bear Seth Rogen as its seal of approval. It'll be fascinating to see how this demented, treehouse feature is received by audiences accustomed to far bouncier takes on smutty giggles.
Warner Bros. takes a gamble on writer-director Jody Hill's sophomore effort, a pitch-black comedy that's sure to inspire rants and raves in equal measure.
...an occasionally amusing, persistently disturbing comedy that at times plays like a bipolar-disorder episode from the inside out.
If I could review the film in halves, I'd give the comedy act *** and the drama *.
In its own demented Pineapple-Foot Fist-Four Letter Word Way, Observe and Report delivers a cynical, angry and funny take on a life of loud, violent desperation.
Violence in the unimaginatively titled Observe and Report is loud and blunt -- making it the ugliest, most hate-filled comedy since Borat.
A crazy mosaic of Americana with tiles scattered and missing. Need I observe and report that the view isn't for every taste? It sure is for mine.
Things go from bad to worse to violent and yet -- as in Pineapple Express, which also starred Rogen -- the film never stops being funny, even though you'll find yourself squirming more and more over Ronnie's behavior.
You have to respect Hill's willingness to continually go to any length without so much as a flinch to get a laugh. But that doesn't mean you'll continually enjoy it.
Quite crude, quite funny. Good at what it sets out to do %u2013 make us giggle, but that serious part of me wanted the picture to take its serious side one or two steps further.
A dark and bizarre tone that makes you unsure whether you can laugh, although the dysfunctional characters do eventually win you over.
If you would have told me that Kevin James and Seth Rogen would basically make the same movie and both would have come out the same, I wouldn't have believed you.
Comparisons to the similarly set and massively popular Paul Blart: Mall Cop will inevitably pop up, but where the Kevin James comedy played things broad and safe, Hill's latest is anything but. Unlikable characters, gratuitous male nudity, a dry and somet
It's Paul Blart with a nasty streak, a perverse kind of farce that most people will be more likely to recoil from than to laugh at.
Ronnie the Mall Cop is as an iconic expression of irate proletarian populism and brainless role-playing as Joe the Plumber or Rush the Limbaugh -- identify or ignore at your peril.
Uneven at best... But say what you will about Hill's sicko, squirmy humor, at least it's distinctive.
This mall cop makes Paul Blart look good, and that's not saying much.
If you feel uncomfortable with the film's mixture of comedy and violence, that's all to the good: director Jody Hill pushes the envelope in this often riotous genre-buster.
It's like Taxi Driver meets The Big Lebowski, a sick and morally bankrupt combination which absolutely should not work, yet does.
A series of hit-and-miss non sequiturs in which his characters mostly humiliate and injure themselves and others.
Ronnie, in the vernacular of movie icons, is Travis Bickle meets Paul Blart: which made me miss Borat all the more.
Observe and Report is the rare 'action-comedy' (almost always a muddled hybrid) that earns its cathartic climax. The blood is real because the psychosis is real. But somehow -- the magic of comedy -- it's also uproarious.
Jody Hill takes Ben Stiller's comedy-of-awkwardness to painfully uncomfortable, extreme realms, offering up unrepentantly disagreeable characters who confront their deep insecurities through psychotic displays of machismo.
"Observe and Report" is a laugh-'till-it-hurts comedy that sticks with you for all of the troubling questions it raises about our society.
Jody Hill claims he was inspired by Scorsese's Taxi Driver (you can add King of Comedy) but his comedy tries too hard to be edgy, dark, change the defintion of the genre.
If it were funnier or remotely well made, you could take the beat down in stride, but writer/director Jody Hill has located the dark and mislaid the comedy, turning star Seth Rogen into a psychotic Barney Fife.
A dark, daring and very funny R-rated comedy that wears its penchant for bad taste like a badge of honor.
Hill and Rogen made precisely the strange little comedy that they wanted to. Trust me when I say that this is NOT your typical studio farce, and that's a wonderful freakin' thing.
Watching Observe And Report is like babysitting a hyperactive boy -- it's precocious, unpredictable and amusing in small stretches, but after a while you wish it would settle down and focus.
Partly but not completely thanks to Rogen's committed performance, Observe manages the funny-pathetic arc of its story line vastly better than Hill's debut film The Foot Fist Way.
If you think full frontal male nudity, "Old Boy"-style asskickings, date rape, and elderly incontinence are hilarious, you are in for a treat.
With the invaluable aid of Rogen, who's never been better, Hill sustains an impressive degree of tension between seemingly contradictory elements.





@highlight

Though it has a mean streak, and does not cater to all tastes, Observe and Report has gut-busting laughs and a fully committed Seth Rogen in irresistible form.