... has the seriousness and innocence of A Monster Calls while indulging in an R-rated adult fantasy romance, an amazing line to walk and all the better for it.
Del Toro has such a distinct vision for his films and never disappoints on delivering a world so vibrant and stunning.
A captivating ode to monster movies past with a passionately inclusive message that units a group of "others" in their fight against the oppressive majority.
Del Toro takes the central relationship seriously, and the weight of the villain makes us care for the characters and hope they'll be buoyed by their friendships.
The progressive agenda wins the Oscar! Love that! Wait, nope-I draw the line at interspecies carnality. When protesting persecution and lauding universal love, at least pick a metaphor not as universally reviled as bestiality. It's not twee, it's gross.
As the title implies, this is a movie that surrounds the viewer's psyche and physical being. It is a film that achieves everything it sets out to accomplish.
In this, del Toro asks "what if the monster got the girl?". It's a strange question with weird answers, but one he poses with beauty, delicacy and intelligence.
... a feast for the eyes and the rest of the senses... [Full review in Spanish]
Sally Hawkins delivers a performance of a lifetime...A visually stunning adventure that's part monster film, part romantic fable, and part Cold War thriller, The Shape of Water is a playground for some of Del Toro's favourite themes.
Why did The Shape of Water win the Oscar as Best Picture?
Effectively a remake of Ron Howard's Splash with the first act excised.
A universal power flows through this impressive film of love. It's perfect. [Full review in Spanish]
'The Shape of Water' is a fascinating experience both in an emotional and an intelectual level, and one of Guillermo del Toro's best movies. [Full review in Spanish]
...a tribute to the classic genres filled with creativity, lyricism and allegorical spirit. [Full Review in Spanish]
Elisa [is] played with subtle mastery by Sally Hawkins.
... Del Toro shows that fantasy and reality are not opposed, confronted worlds, but are part of a single universe. [Full review in Spanish]
For all its cosmic tingles, del Toro manages to smuggle a deeply personal film across Hollywood's border where, beneath its haunted charm, lies an immigrant's story rising to the surface, setting us adrift in a dream.
The film fits [Guillermo del Toro's] elegance, his sensitivity, his good handling of the language of film. [Full Review in Spanish]
... virtuous and thorough fable that finds its true value in the amazing dramaturgy of a director that perfectly combines the scenic power of his production and the emotional narrative line of his script... [Full review in Spanish]
Easily del Toro's best English-language work, The Shape of Water is not simply a triumph, but a reminder of what it is to fall in love with cinema.
The actors are in perfect harmony with the story and the emotional core is never lost thanks to a masterful interpretation by Sally Hawkins. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a film that doesn't want to be categorised, but it's no trouble at all to lose yourself in its swirling currents.
If we can't believe in the characters, how are we supposed to care?
It sounds ridiculous, yet through some magical alchemy it works - magnificently so.
It is made with the absolute, dead-centre sincerity of a child righting an ancient wrong, and the craft of a film-maker at the height of his powers. It is also unexpectedly kinky in ways that deepen it into something genuinely rich and strange.
A beautiful homage to cinema, its moral is far from subtle, but Sally Hawkins's wonderful performance raises it from cute oddity to emotional journey.
On the one hand, The Shape of Water plays out like a forgotten instalment of The Twilight Zone. On the other, it makes for an attractive date movie. Seriously, who'd have thought that something so bizarre could be so romantic?
A film about films, and a lush Cold War melodrama involving an interspecies romance that should be creepy but isn't, Guillermo del Toro's Shape of Water is an unexpected and irresistible delight.
Del Toro creates a beautifully imagined world, rich in colours and characters, with touches of humour and social commentary.
Shot in blue and green hues, the emotionally charged film is a visual feast.
It is an entertaining and acceptable film, but... at times gives the feeling that we are facing a succession of Hollywood patterns. [Full review in Spanish]
What could be Amelie-style tweeness is invested with warmth, beauty and a surprisingly deep emotional richness.
As she did in the under-garlanded Maudie, Sally Hawkins reminds us that there is nobody better at turning robust fragility into something other than a paradox.
This is a film made by a boy who loves monsters, who has grown up to understand what they might represent to an adult woman, other outsiders (a gay man, a communist sleeper, a black woman) and an unforgiving society.
Hawkins's performance throughout is career-defining. With her eyes, mouth and physicality, she finds a level of emotional eloquence to render speech redundant.
Sally Hawkins carries the film. Elisa may not speak but you are never in doubt about what she is feeling as Hawkins makes her shine with an inner resolve.
The Shape of Water is a wild ride that provides many unexpected, eye-raising moments.
The Shape of Water is the world as Guillermo del Toro sees it - full of injustice, but also, crucially, decency. Where others see pain, he sees hope, where others see fear, he sees compassion, where others see monsters, he sees friends.
I felt nothing for the characters which makes the premise of rooting for the misunderstood a moot point.
All plot holes can be subsumed within the magical-realist tone for which Del Toro is famed. Yet there's an uncomfortable tension between the film's whimsical, Amélie-light (or, lighter) style and its clumsy political point-scoring.
I liked it well enough, but not as much as I should have.
More than its visual brilliance, what captivates you the most is Del Toro's ability to capture the minutiae of his ordinary characters' everyday life.
Like the water of its title, the film is deep, mysterious, sparkling in some places and ominously murky in others; and containing wonders few can imagine.
Refreshingly, the film doesn't shy away from its characters' desires... The Shape of Water spells out in letters taller than the Empire State Building exactly what Fay Wray and King Kong wanted to do all along.
The Shape of Water almost drowns in its own gorgeousness. It is a Beauty and the Beast fable where both get to be beautiful and neither has to be beastly.
This is a mesmerising, profoundly emotional tale of vulnerable outsiders - and it's beyond gorgeous to look at.
Pulses attractively like a luminous toyshop novelty; one inspired by The Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954).
Del Toro's greatest work. Simply magnificent.
From the world's most over-rated A-list director, Guillermo del Toro, comes yet another visually distinctive, tonally flat work of glum fantasy...As usual, Del Toro's acolytes have promptly fallen into line praising this overlong pseudo sci-fi pap.
Maybe it's not Del Toro's best movie, but it's one of the best movies we're going to see this year. [Full review in Spanish]
Creating a convincing romance between a woman and a fishman is probably the film's biggest challenge, but sensitive performances ... make it not just believable but compelling.
The aural icing on this cinematic cake is Alexandre Desplat's action-reinforcing original score.
Del Toro also dedicates himself, professing his affection and admiration for cinema, paying homage, but very much in his own style. [Full Review in Spanish]
Del Toro's Valentine to boundary-crossing love pours from the screen in ravishing torrents of feeling and style. And Hawkins is sublime.
It's the biggest risk of del Toro's career and it could not have paid off more.
If I had more stars to give 'The Shape of Water,' you'd see an entire constellation before you.
This is a monster movie made with real love.
Guillermo del Toro's wildly imaginative adult fairytale is an opulently entertaining monster fable that is spectacularly stylised and perversely enchanting.
Guillermo del Toro's best movie in years...
Certainly sufficiently engaging and visually-captivating to recommend for open-minded fans of the supernatural.
This beautiful fable could be a Disney animation - if it wasn't for the sex and all the graphic violence. [Full review in Portuguese.]
The Shape of Water is Guillermo del Toro's best film since Pan's Labyrinth. A charming, heartwarming modern fairytale with not an ounce of flotsam or jetsam, it's an idiosyncratic delight to behold.
Sally Hawkins brings a combination of frailty and strength to her part in this movie that makes her performance the pillar on which everything else stands.
... the director's imagination gives it an authentic vintage texture and enough doses of shocks and blood.
In The Shape of Water, Guillermo del Toro plays the hits. [Full Review in Spanish]
Del Toro's best work to date. A charming love letter to the cinema of the old and the inescapable power of love. [Full review in Spanish]
Never could the phrase "an instant classic" be applied so well. [Full Review in Spanish]
It is this adult fairy tale's uninhibited embrace of love in all its euphoric glory that renders The Shape of Water such an unexpected delight.
A unique and original science fiction love story that is sometimes weighed down too heavily by an unoriginal villain plot line.
A tonally bonkers high-gloss mainstream-adjacent oddity ... Spielberg crossed with Jean-Pierre Jeunet crossed with David Cronenberg ... full of childlike wonder but also a childish desire to shock.
A picturesque fairytale told by a masterful storyteller, this monster movie from director Guillermo del Toro is the most emotionally resonant of his career.
Del Toro's "Shape" holds water.
While Sally Hawkins has been an exemplary actor for a long time now - go find her stunning work in last year's Maudie if you missed it - she takes everything to an imposing, yet intimate new level in The Shape of Water.
"The Shape of Water" feels like it's yet another Del Toro work that would not be denied. Set amongst the ideological flux beneath the shiny cordiality of 60s post war America, instead of the Spanish Civil War, lies an escapist wonder.
Sally Hawkins never talks in the movie, and I take that for granted a lot of the time...she doesn't say a word in the movie, but she says so much, which is a lot of damn talent.
It is a story about outsiders and the very human need to connect. It is also about the love of movies, both the craft of movies and the way stories on screen captivate us and transport to another world.
... Del Toro's willingness to court absurdity and bad taste serves to guarantee his integrity, proving he hasn't entirely gone respectable.
The beauty of this film is Del Toro's gift of telling fantastical stories, but still giving them heart and crafting well-rounded characters throughout.
The Shape of Water may be the balm or the escape we needed. [Full review in Spanish]
This mash-up of alien and immigrant hardship, in which lonely Elisa finds sexual release with a sea creature, is pervy, ridiculous, and humorless.
Shannon, Jenkins, Spencer and Michael Stuhlbarg all turn in fine work here, but this is still all about Jones and Hawkins.
It's essentially like Bioshock meets The Creature from the Black Lagoon which, yes, is very weird, but it makes for an amazing movie.
... while there are several beautiful, aquatic set-pieces, the story shuffles predictably towards its conflict and conclusion. For those who want look and feel, this may be enough.
A visually spectacular fairytale, The Shape of Water is a dazzling film, anchored by a masterful performance from the effervescent Sally Hawkins.
While the parallels Del Toro is drawing will be too clunky for some, the film's huge heart and good intentions are always on display.
While Hawkins and the supporting cast give great performances, Shannon steals the show.
I suspect that many audiences may cringe at this film, or possibly be repulsed by it, but those who accept its weird premise will have their hearts and imaginations plucked.
What a wonder! [Full review in Spanish]
Del Toro's absolute love for his craft and this story comes cascading out of every frame.
It is at the same time many things that came before it, and something altogether new. To experience it is to love it.
As an oddly engaging romance, The Shape Of Water floats.
For all its many accomplishments, the film falls a little short. I am not often enough moved by the film, and not entirely engaged to let it flow through my subconscious, as perhaps intended.
As enigmatic as its title. An exquisite piece of visceral filmmaking that leads with the heart...
... the best fantastic cinema... [Full review in Spanish]
On paper it may sound indigestible, but on screen it's pure magic.
... Guillermo del Toro invites us to take a touristic dip in his dreams... [Full review in Spanish]
This is a gorgeous, sensual film, a tale filled with kindness and evil and the battle between the two. Be sure to suspend disbelief at the door.
... A testament to the power of love, a force so strong it transcends the human constructs of speech and language ...
The flamboyantly peculiar erotics Shape of Water have not stopped critics and audiences from applauding it as a masterpiece. I applaud it for a different reason: for its ability to make a freaky fable about interspecies sex go mainstream.
What I can't forgive is how static and simplistic these characters are [...] With no ambiguity, there's nothing for my brain to do except passively watch these soggy characters as they wade to a predictable, saccharine conclusion.
Without being obvious about it, "The Shape of Water" is a moving fable about outsiders and tolerance, about seeing beyond differences and finding connection; it is a soaring, magical joyride that gives new life to a tale as old as time.
Del Toro's typically lusty visuals and the impressive mix of practical and computer-enhanced effects that comprise his fish-man smother the would-be intricacies of his drama.
A sea of perfectly assembled elements, The Shape of Water truly feels like a film that no one else could have made.
For me, this manner of finding your beloved pretty much died with the tide.
The Shape of Water is a cinematic fight for that world, one that could be born out of creativity and dreaming. Out of romance. Out of the movies.
Del Toro's sheer joy of filmmaking is contagious, from precision chase scenes and glimpses of period TV shows like Mr. Ed and Dobie Gillis, cannily chosen to inform the story, to his gleeful homage to vintage Hollywood musicals...
For all the sumptuous style and lush visuals, The Shape of Water is, at its heart, a simple fish-out-of-water story, both figuratively and literally.
... a magnificent story... [Full review in Spanish]
The Shape of Water is a eternal story for our time, about loving and being loved, speaking and being heard, and compassion for humanity.
The most elaborate explication to date of del Toro's belief that monsters, like traditional religious martyrs, are 'innocents' whose torments testify to their 'state of grace.'
A splendid entertainment, well-modulated by a steady directorial hand, and sincere in its depiction of individuals whose physical limits are meant to propel them towards wondrous - if suspenseful - adventures.
Film making at its best. Great story, great cast and a lesson to be learned for those who care.
The Shape of Water adds the species barrier to [the film's] group of segregating factors, and in so doing folds in an even larger idea, namely good old-fashioned biophilia.
This holiday's most romantic and life-affirming feature might be The Shape of Water, which depicts a virtually silent love affair between a cleaning woman and humanoid river monster.
Each piece fits gently, irresistibly into place making The Shape of Water one of the year's finest films.
Del Toro makes it work using every tool in his formidable tool box, which include a textural richness in production design typical of the director.
The thematic masochism is intrinsic to del Toro's art - miserably picking the scab of one's self-esteem. But the architecture here is too cardboard, despite a high level of craft among the cast, to make us feel the pain, too.
The movie's worldview is as easy to like as the protagonist and her friends, but del Toro lays it on so thick that there's no room for counterargument or even independent thought.
With visuals offering unique worlds that somehow weave into a fantastical whole, this film makes for one extraordinary water ballet.
The film is the equivalent work of an artist, who, though beginning with a solid, well-rounded image...just didn't allow it to find the proper balance. In the end, perhaps The Shape of Water's ambition just exceeded its grasp.
Del Toro is simply too talented a visual stylist to produce something dull and inanimate, but he goes so overboard, it seems, you either buy in and swoon, or stand there shaking your head.
A picture postcard in production design, del Toro's talents have never been better used.
"The Shape of Water" is director Guillermo del Toro's finest film, a lovely, empathetic tribute to Old Hollywood, monster movies, outsiders and love that could only come from the mind of the visionary filmmaker.
A creature-feature romance that splashes about with enchanting warmth and an open heart.
Guillermo del Toro directs this beautifully designed but clumsily arranged sci-fi love story about a mute janitor who falls for a magical creature.
There is, to be sure, nothing remotely new about the story of the beauty and the beast... Nevertheless it took audacity and nerves of steel to go all the way with it, which is what del Toro does.
The Shape of Water is one of the year's most gorgeous, romantic and unusual films, a fairy tale for troubled times that is full of imagination.
Employing some good, old-fashioned movie magic, del Toro has crafted a film that borders on sensory overload. It's wondrous, odd and visually arresting from the opening seconds.
Beautiful and occasionally moving, if not quite as emotionally rich as it aims to be.
The fact that The Shape of Water's two leads are both incapable of speech doesn't render it any less capable of forging an emotional connection with its audience.
A wonderfully weird love story that plays like an adult fairy tale, it's a fantastical delight, one of those rare start-to-finish treats that succeeds on every level.
This may not be among Del Toro's best films, but this tender love story fully belongs on the same shelf.
The more I try to find some kind of justifiable meaning and relevance, the more I find The Shape of Water a loopy, lunkheaded load of drivel.
That del Toro can seamlessly meld the whimsical, playful and profound into a moving film is a tribute to his formidable imagination.
If The Shape of Water never quite breaks out of the confines of what's basically a tale as old as time, it's still an artfully executed diversion further strengthened by an excellent central performance by Hawkins.
Guillermo Del Toro's magical masterpiece is simply a fever dream of a romantic movie - and then some.
The Shape of Water is breathtaking to behold and the most romantic movie you'll see about a woman falling in love with a fish man.
In The Shape of Water, del Toro and co-screenwriter Vanessa Taylor make it appear easy to do something that is really quite difficult-grounding the film from start to finish in a fictional world that has its own inner logic.
The Shape of Water is whimsical, boldly original, defiantly weird, occasionally grotesque, and beautifully shot...yet, despite all of that, the film didn't quite work for me.
Guillermo del Toro has given us a movie lover's dream in a romantic fantasy/thriller that finds a mute cleaning woman (the brilliant Sally Hawkins) becoming infatuated with the mysterious subject of a top-secret (and mean-spirited) experiment.
Above all, del Toro convincingly pulls us into his world with water defining every scene, the most powerful element that like love, "takes the shape of the recipient," hence the title. Love has no single defined shape or restrictive dimension.
The Shape of Water is strange, sweet, and wonderful, and easily the greatest film ever made about a mute cleaning lady who falls in love with an amphibious fish man.
del Toro runs with it, delivering his best effort in years, preserving his idiosyncrasies and extremities with an often wonderfully bizarre movie.
...you have to admire del Toro for pressing full bore into his make-believe world with such nightmarish whimsy. The embittered, black Cold War coal he collects in The Shape of Water is somehow crushed into a diamond of a film.
Enchanting, intelligent, tender, and profoundly human with a perfect balance of Truth and Spectacle. One of the best films of the year!
Guillermo del Toro's latest is a virtuosic love letter to classic cinema of multiple eras and genres. It's a shame, then, that it's so lacking in substance and coherent purpose.
'The Shape of Water' is one of the best films of the year. It ... has del Toro's fingerprints all over it. It is a dreamy, albeit, at times, violent, feature that is more classic animated Disney than Universal horror, in story and presentation.
Director Guillermo del Toro (Pan's Labyrinth) has an expansive imagination, but his limitations as a storyteller have created a film that is beautiful but cluttered, visionary but formulaic.
The visual stylist spins an adult fairy tale that takes elements from "Beauty and the Beast" and recasts them in an alternative universe that's a wonderfully rendered twist on our own.
I love how del Toro trusts his audience, which means he's willing and daringly able to offer us a dizzying marriage of the sensual and also possible salvation.
An enchanting re-imagining of "Beauty and the Beast," it is an unforgettably romantic, utterly sublime, dazzling phantasmagoria.
"The Shape of Water" is one of the best films of the year.
Del Toro somehow manages to keep the deeply weird mash-up of ideas and images coherent, unified by style and mood.
Some of the plot machinations of The Shape of Water don't live up to the magic Hawkins and Jones conjure in their scenes together. When they share the screen, on land or in water, their passion washes over the audience like a cleansing rain.
The pieces were there for one of the year's best films, but it may have been better served with a friendship. Fish-men and women can be friends, you know.
While viewers may have to suspend disbelief for some of the film's plotting and action, the dazzling combination of romance, fantasy and satire is highly satisfying.
A genre picture freighted with allegory -- a good one, just not a great one.
The artistic touches of writer-director Guillermo del Toro are evident in this film. The acting is excellent, especially by Sally Hawkins. Michael Shannon is one of the best villains on screen these days, and he is great in this film.
Del Toro once again shines and gets the most out of his amazing cast... Sally Hawkins leads an incredible ensemble in one of the most imaginative, emotional films of the year.
One of the best movies of the year sees a finely crafted work of imagination from a true master in Guillermo del Toro... it's a triumph of human spirit that isn't necessarily limited to human beings.
striking, at times unsettling, and at other times deeply moving
You never know where "The Shape of Water" is going. But, like water, you let it engulf you and sweep you away.
Call it a modern-day Creature from the Black Lagoon, or better still call it a masterpiece of storytelling and filmmaking that knows how to resonate with the audience.
It's the "Amelie" and "Creature from the Black Lagoon" mash-up you never knew you wanted.
Sensuous and sumptuous, this poignant, fantastical fable is an enchanting, redemptive, interspecies love story.
Eggs, water, and-yes-sex all play crucial and overlapping roles in director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water, an adult fairy tale that is at once deeply familiar and utterly original.
Del Toro has given us a small piece of cinematic magic with The Shape of Water.
Further makes the case that no one does fantasy on del Toro's level.
It's a moving and charming film that doesn't shy away from the ugliness of life, choosing instead to celebrate beauty wherever it may be found.
"A gorgeously rendered story of love, passion, and beauty"
Del Toro exceeds self with this modern fairy-tale/Gothic romance. Hawkins is stunning. The La-La Land of monster movies.
The cast is wonderful-Jenkins is warm and lovable, Spencer is funny, and Shannon, as always, plays the perfect snake. But it's Hawkins' silent performance that's the knockout here.
... this is one of those adventurous pieces of cinematic imagination I find I like more and more as time goes by.
... the film is simply stunning to behold.
Guillermo del Toro returns to fine form with this fairy tale-cum-horror story that effectively echoes the texture, mood and style of his 2006 gem, "Pan's Labyrinth."
Enchanting and annoying in equal measures.
It's a testament to the storyteller's skill that he manages to cram [so much] into his narrative with nary a lump and still keep his characters dancing with only one or two minor missteps.
Perhaps never quite as poetic as its wonderful title, The Shape of Water nonetheless allows del Toro to give full vent to an imagination into which movies flow, cinematic tributaries that fuel his sense of invention.
Perhaps [Del Toro's] loveliest film so far, easily on par with his masterpiece "Pan's Labyrinth."
Few films leave me awestruck for weeks. But the way Guillermo del Toro juggles heart, imagination, suspense, social history, outsider attitude and weird artistry so successfully in this Cold War monster romance continues to astound me.
It's gorgeous and weird, heart-wrenching and utterly unforgettable.
The Shape of Water opens and closes on a sub-aqueous scene, but everything else about it is buoyant and uplifting.
Beautifully shot, designed, and acted but dramatically inert.
To see The Shape of Water is to be catapulted into a dream world of dancing raindrops and swirling colours that toggle between scary and cool. Smart money says you'll enjoy the sensation either way.
As much as The Shape of Water's disparate parts shouldn't work - and as much as its "originality" is sourced from the thousands of other fables del Toro has consumed over his lifetime - it does, in the end.
Hawkins, topping even her remarkable performance in Maudie, is captivating, sad and sensual.
In a career of stubbornly idiosyncratic work, it's a masterpiece on par with Pan's Labyrinth, without a hint of creative interference from outside forces.
To place yourself in GDT's hands, as he tells the type of story he tells better than anyone else, is a rich pleasure.
The bad guys are a bit cliched, but you've never seen a film with the drifty, incredibly dreamy look of this masterpiece.
The Shape of Water is beautifully crafted on a technical level, just like del Toro's other films, but it's no more communicative than Pacific Rim. And like Crimson Peak, it renders the idea of romantic melodrama oddly abstract.
This is a very funny premise, but from it, del Toro and co-writer Vanessa Taylor expand the film's ideas and setups, until it seems ready to burst.
The Shape of Water makes the deepest dive into romance this year of any movie - literally, figuratively and on both sides of the camera.
Magical, thrilling and romantic to the core, a sensual and fantastical fairy tale with moral overtones, it's a film that plays by all the rules and none of them, going its own way with fierce abandon.
Del Toro is an imaginative storyteller, and this is a great fairy tale -- as well as a subversive inversion of the monster movie. If you have a streak of rebellion in you, you'll love it.
Guillermo del Toro's Cold War mashup of outsider love story and Creature from the Black Lagoon is gorgeously realized and impeccably acted but simplistically written.
A wondrous adult fairy-tale played out with impeccable cinematic control...a magical and moving experience.
Contrasted against the movie's three-pronged institutional threats their love story is one we're happy to root for. Up with love! Down with authoritarianism!
As prodigious as del Toro's vision and craftsmanship are, it's Hawkins who gives palpable life to his deepest ideals, and their undertow of longing for connection, not simply as a matter of romantic love, but civic virtue.
The Shape of Water is a heartfelt and moving mash note to outsiders, misfits, and the creatures (or so says the status quo) walking among us.
The movie is bracketed with images of Elisa floating. By the end, the audience will feel we are floating as well.
More than any movie in recent memory, this is one you really need to discover for yourself.
It's a finely calibrated film, brimming with romance, excitement and humanity.
"The Shape of Water" is a love story like no other, and it features one of the year's most heart-wrenching performances nestled in a supreme confabulation of cinematic craft.
At the start, I worried that the film might prove merely winsome, like a Maryland "Amélie," but Hawkins makes it taut and fierce.
"The Shape of Water" is brilliant, but sick - or maybe it's sick, but brilliant. In any case, it's something to see.
"The Shape of Water" is devoted, madly, to the notion of love as a state of liquid bliss, and we see that bliss and a hundred other emotions in Hawkins' nonverbal (mostly) but endlessly expressive performance.
Del Toro has an eye for violence, kink, and dangerous desires, but his movies usually make me wish he were more willing to exploit them. He hasn't made a movie as interesting as his interests. The Shape of Water, for all of its beauty, is no different.
It's the actors who give Shape its shape, sculpted by del Toro's affinity for the underdog.
Del Toro might be criticised for relying heavily on archetypes in his characterisation, but such is the nature of fairy tales, and finely detailed performances bring each one of them to life.
Guillermo del Toro's "The Shape of Water" is like a beautiful painting you keep visiting at your favorite museum, because it continues to reveal its brilliant magic in new and different ways.
The plot is very, very similar to that of a once well-known play, Paul Zindel's "Let Me Hear You Whisper."
Whether you're a hopeless romantic or a sci-fi geek, we all could stand to both receive and give a little more compassion right now.
Want a picture of the culture Weinstein refers to? Watch The Shape of Water. Meet Richard Strickland.
Del Toro has completely outdone himself with this spectacularly beautiful and meaningful love story.
This fertile product of del Toro's vivid imagination is a fabulous beacon of hope contrasted to the turbulent era of 1962 in world history.
It will go down as one of the most magical fairy-tales of its generation and is so mesmerizing that Pan's Labyrinth no longer holds the title of Guillermo del Toro's masterpiece. The Shape of Water is the absolute best film of the year.
'Shape of Water' is Del Toro's best American movie yet.
Allegory for the politics of the modern moment careen beneath nearly every complication, and yet del Toro keeps to the business of his lovingly designed sea of surfaces and... a single, singular theme throughout: loneliness.
This is about a woman discovering her voice (literally) via a fish-man who is unavoidably attractive. She's Belle, but hungrier, more resolute. And it's about time we handed a tenacious woman some decision-making power.
It's hard to come away from this film and not believe that, in his heart, writer/director del Toro is a romantic.
The Shape of Water is perhaps the finest film ever to be directed by Guillermo del Toro and actress Sally Hawkins delivers a top-notch performance in the Cold War-set film.
Of all the big year-end films, Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water is the most deeply moving.
One could speculate that this is del Toro's origin story for "Hellboy's" Abe Sapien...but the film also harkens back to his love of old monster movies...distinctly del Toro, yet it also recalls the films of Marc Caro and Jean-Pierre Jeunet
[A] labored attempt at a gentle fairy tale.
It's beaming with life and beautiful commentary on love, ignorance and the concept of monsters.
If this story is not enough of a spike for your imagination, try taking in the visually grandiose underwater scene between monster and damsel.
The Shape of Water is my favorite film of 2017, genre or otherwise, and it's no secret that my deep admiration for the work of del Toro rivals the way that the maestro himself worships at the altar of movie monsters.
A fantasy thriller for the ages!
If only the Frankenstein monster had a loving caretaker like the one played by the inimitable Sally Hawkins!
Guillermo Del Toro has crafted a soaring, heavenly feature that's both a love letter to cinema and an anthem for outsiders everywhere.
Del Toro might have made The Shape of Water, but Sally Hawkins owns it.
Anchored by a soul-stirring performance by Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water is a rapturous, romantic allegory about otherhood set during the Cold War.
The Shape of Water rekindles a sense of wide-eyed wonder that's all too rare in contemporary cinema. Computer imagery can create amazing sights, but only a master moviemaker (and movie lover) could have fashioned this dazzling, one-of-a-kind experience.
Even better than its offhand wittiness, its aesthetic splendor or its shrewd social commentary, however, is its headliner.
...Beauty and the Beast, with no need for a transformative prince.
... marvelously rhapsodic in ways that recall films like Jean Cocteau's "Beauty and the Beast" without ever seeming slavish.
A sensuous film that is both a fairy tale and a socially relevant portrait of the prejudices afoot in our times.
The Shape of Water is a good effort from Guillermo Del Toro. It's not on par with his best work, but that's a pretty high standard. He nailed the casting of Sally Hawkins.
Guillermo del Toro reinvents classic monster movie tropes to expose the "great" white privilege of America's past as the true monster.
But with all its grandeur and charm, the fact that this is a love story between a woman and a monster is too ridiculous to ignore.
... Sally Hawkins gives a five-star performance as Elisa...
... showcases the versatility of a director in top form without drowning in sanctimony or sentiment.
del Toro uses the visual language of fantasy and sci-fi in their simplest, most familiar forms, imbuing them with his childlike sensibility that he balances in turn with his signature maturity.
Even if you're not transported by every minute of the film's story, though, del Toro creates such a sumptuous visual world that it's impossible to take your eyes off the screen.
Every frame is enchanting, bold in color, and flush with emotion, then made exquisite by Alexandre Desplat's Parisian-inspired score.
Your eyes may well manufacture some saltwater of their own as the story winds on its unpredictable, ever-heart-melting path.
There's enough dreamy beauty here to smooth out the rough edges. (Fish sex, anyone?)
... del Toro's film is poetic, sumptuous, emotionally complex, and yet almost strikingly simple in its narrative.
Hawkins sells it without a single line of spoken dialogue to rely upon, capturing the scope of Elisa's epic journey within from lonely despair to hope and purpose, and filling every scene she's in with the joy of loving, of feeling, for the first time.
Del Toro's 10th feature, and approximately the 10th to have macabre, gothic themes, beautiful imagery, and a dark sense of humor.
"The Shape of Water" is a flow of sumptuous images set to music, a flood tide of feelings with a mythic undertow.
This adult fairy tale is perhaps the riskiest film of Guillermo del Toro's career, but those risks generally pay off. A visually spectacular fantasy romance.
Nothing is out of place in The Shape of Water, especially its heart. The cast is universally flawless, as is the lavish production design of Paul. D. Austerberry and the sumptuous cinematography of Dan Laustsen.
It builds rather than stagnates, and the sadness of its characters and the film's visuals mesh wonderfully with the heroism and uplifting spirit of the plot.
It's both weird and wonderful.
Ultimately, this is a film from a group of terrific talents that never quite comes together the way you'd hope. It's just too fluid to wholly take shape.
...the nicest way I can describe it is E.T., phone Harlequin.
Perhaps foremost, the film plays like an ode to the black-and-white staples that helped forge del Toro's passion for movies, drawing upon those old-fashioned virtues even as the director seeks to update them with a distinctive spin.
In a corporate-run franchise-driven industry, del Toro's movies are refreshingly personal. All of this is true of The Shape of Water, but still, something's off.
A role-reversal monster movie with gorgeous visuals from Guillermo del Toro and a knockout performance from Hawkins.
"The Shape of Water" is partly a code-scrambled fairy tale, partly a genetically modified monster movie, and altogether wonderful.
Thus begins one of the strangest yet most beautiful courtships you will see this year, a melding of horror tale, Cold War sci-fi, and musical homage [that is] a love letter to the idea of love itself.
The Shape of Water has been made with a level of craftsmanship that should be the envy of most filmmakers, but the impudent, unruly streak that so often gives del Toro's films their pulse has been airbrushed away.
"The Shape of Water" is such a gorgeous, deeply felt movie I wish that del Toro didn't still have some of his schoolboy urge to gross us out.
The scenes that take place in a seemingly undersea world are stunning, and del Toro's filmmaking technique buoys a love-story narrative that at times feels a little too straightforward for its unorthodox conceit.
Guillermo del Toro makes you believe in cross-species attraction in this beautifully crafted fantasy tale of a mute cleaning woman who bonds with an exotic amphibian.
Beautiful. Yes, there's more to Guillermo Del Toro's otherworldly fantasy, but, for now, let's just give a sigh of relief and enjoy the fact that this is, indeed, a work of beauty.
Under all that rubber and slime, 6-foot-4 actor Jones continues to impress as the go-to monster for Del Toro and the rest of Hollywood. He's as synonymous with practical effects as Andy Serkis is with performance capture.
Del Toro is a world-class film artist and he proves it in this Cold War romance about a mute cleaning lady (Sally Hawkins, unforgettable) who falls for an amphibious creature. Don't t analyze how del Toro does it. Just dive in. There's magic in it.
It is poetic yet accessible, and earnest without being maudlin. Its biggest flaw is that its plot ultimately takes a surprisingly conventional route for such an otherwise unconventional Hollywood release.
Guillermo del Toro's Free Willy, and all that entails.
A heartfelt, emotional and sincere film... [Full review in Spanish]
Whatever small reservations, this is a rare magical experience aimed at adults and looks and sounds delicious.
... in gorgeous visual ways, unimaginable depth of human feeling.
The Shape of Water is a dreamlike, pulpy adult fairytale that dances on the surface of reality while remaining true to the auteur's vision.
... a tribute to cinema by a dreamy worker who wants to embrace the world with a message of acceptance of the other. [Full review in Spanish]
A song to "different" beauty, an ode to the fraternity of the marginalized in a society marked by intolerance... [Full review in Spanish]
Del Toro has said that this film is a long-gestating labor of love, a devotion that shows in every frame. It's so carefully done, but still thumps with a genuine, visceral heartbeat.
Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water elegantly blends whimsical fairy tale with a fresh spin on classic monster movies for a delightful experience.
The Shape of Water upends a classic monster movie trope for a more woke world.
The Shape of Water is transportive.
Thank the movie gods for Guillermo del Toro. One of our best living filmmakers, del Toro crafts gorgeous, poetic films that combine genres to great effect. With The Shape of Water, del Toro may have made his masterpiece.
There's a lot to love about The Shape of Water; if only it came together better.
Beautiful, sensuous, fully wearing its heart on its sleeve, with top-notch performances and a wondrous soundtrack, The Shape of Water does not hold back on emotional and physical connections as the only place of safety in a frightening world.
Like the director's best works, The Shape of Water blends lonely outcasts, chimerical beings, meticulous design, and mid-20th-century political strife.
Del Toro has struck gold with The Shape of Water.
The Shape of Water is del Toro's finest film since Pan's Labyrinth, and certainly the best film he has ever made in the English language.
... one of the most elaborate films in years... [Full review in Spanish]
The kind of film that is able to follow us. [Full Review in Spanish]
A movie mash-up of lump-in-your-throat romance, espionage thrillers, and then some, The Shape of Water will be catnip for unapologetic movie musicals fans.
It's a visual masterwork
Blending '50s creature features, dark fairy tales and old-fashioned swooning romance, the latest film from writer-director Guillermo del Toro is pure movie magic.
The Shape of Water may not be suitable for children but it has enough disarming charm to briefly make you feel like one.
More than the scaly, expressive beauty of the creature, Sally Hawkins is the marvel here. Her flutter of sign-language and the sly wit and open ache of her eyes make her silence seem immaterial.
Del Toro has conceivably fashioned in his beautiful beast a 21st-century iteration of Carmen Miranda's fruit suit, a shimmering shell that attends a host of fantasies.
Shannon, Jenkins, Spencer and Stuhlbarg are precision-cast but it's Hawkins that will steal your heart.
The Shape of Water is del Toro at his most restrained, his flamboyant style now tempered to fit the delicate little fairy tale that gives the film its beating heart.
It's like it was shot in his traveling museum exhibit, and I, for one, didn't want to leave. What a divine movie this is.
The craft of Guillermo del Toro's latest is top notch.
A man with a mind for the fantastical and a heart for humanity, del Toro may be one of our most humanist directors working today ...
The Shape of Water unfolds as a shimmering ode to classic cinema.
Rather than engaging with the genre in a meaningful way, [Guillermo] del Toro's film is boring, broad, and unoriginal, without any magic or charm.
Beautifully and imaginatively crafted with wondrous cinematography.
Guillermo del Toro's latest ask us about tolerance in a dark time in history where intolerance seems to be the root of all out tragedies. [Full review in Spanish]
Del Toro confidently and consistently hits all the right notes, maintaining a rich, transportive, lyrical tone throughout.
The Shape of Water demonstrates Guillermo del Toro's masterful way with visual storytelling, but suffers slightly from narrative distractions.
Filmed in aquatic hues and bathed in nostalgic mid-century style, The Shape of Water is both a love story and a love letter to monster movies, musicals, and classic cinema.
The Shape of Water is a must-see mesmerizing fairy tale for adults.
Arguably del Toro's best film to date (yes it may be better than Pan's Labyrinth).
I don't know if it's Del Toro's best film but it's his most mature and, paradoxically, accessible work. [Full review in Spanish]
What results is a story that feels both fresh and timeless - and desperately needed, at a time when the world feels mean. Let's hope this one sticks around a while.
It is a story of dreams made real, and the rare film that can rip your heart open and leave your brain intact.
Del Toro made a masterpiece that will remind you what you love about the movies.
The story goes exactly where you think it will. It's an utterly lovely, complacent movie, too comfortable with itself to generate real dramatic tension.
The Shape Of Water reaches out, hoping you'll reach back. Just take care not to cut yourself on its claws.
It is a difficult and beautiful dream - and del Toro makes it feel like just a bit less of a fantasy.
The Shape of Water is a film that wears its heart on its sleeve. Its overtness, its accessibility, the transparent meaning of its abiding images, will surely give it a longevity.
The beastliness offsets the beauty nicely, like splotches of grisly red on the film's lustrous, sea foam-green color palette.
The Shape of Water is a breathless film, anchored by [Sally] Hawkins' visible, ardent longing for connection, and her fierce defiance when the things she loves are threatened
With elements of noir, horror, romance and musical filmmaking The Shape of Water provides a heady brew of references, all combining to form a delightful whole.
One of [del Toro's] deepest, most complex, most rewarding, and flat-out beautiful films.
No one loves monsters as much as Guillermo Del Toro, and his love seeps into every pore of The Shape of Water.
Guillermo del Toro's masterpiece.
"The Shape of Water" combines a creature feature and a melodrama to tell a beautiful story that will thrill as much as get you emotional.
The Shape of Water may be a bit weird and jarring to most, but it played to me like a beautiful and whimsical love story that anyone can relate to. Especially to those who do feel like outliers to what love is supposed to look like.
The Shape of Water is a very special movie.
It is hard to over-state how good Hawkins is in this role. Speech is an actor's most potent weapon, but she gives a masterclass in how you to move and charm an audience without it.
The Shape of Water is one of the most delightful films of the year. And it is definitely the best film ever to be a romantic comedy, a melodrama, a spy thriller, a heist caper, a superhero blockbuster and a monster movie all at once.
The Shape of Water is as strange and brave as people can be strange and brave, especially the quiet ones, the weird ones you don't think that much about.
...magical, old fashioned cinema, which proves to be vibrant, delightful escapism rich with emotion and significance.
Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water is that big romantic all-out imaginative coup (with a sly political undercurrent) that so many of us have been waiting for from the director.
If you can imagine an aggressively adorable -- and somewhat effortful -- version of Amélie in which our hero f---s the Creature from the Black Lagoon, you're totally feeling this.
In order to enjoy the myriad pleasures of del Toro's world - with all its counterpointed humor, quicksilver pacing, endearing humanity, peculiar eroticism, and sudden eruptions of violence - one must simply take the plunge.
Deeply satisfying filmmaking at its best. It's witty, smart and brilliantly played, plumbing the sub-aqueous depths of our psyches, our histories and desires.
Simply monumental, monstrous, political and poetic. [Full review in Spanish]
A sublime cross between the fantastic and the romantic; Without having to have a young woman who follows the canon of beauty of catwalk. [Full review in Spanish]
There's enough magic, and extraordinary visual imagination, to smooth the edges of the movie's problems.
The Shape of Water may just be his most touching fantasy yet.
It offers what must be cinema's uneasiest probing of the postwar American psyche since Paul Thomas Anderson's The Master - and is unquestionably del Toro's best, richest film since his 2006 Spanish-language masterpiece Pan's Labyrinth.
The Shape of Water casts a spell over its audience from its opening moments and holds you in its thrall long after the credits have rolled.
For all the veering from one genre to another, neither does it feel rough. Del Toro's tight directorial control sees to that.
This is a monster movie but it plays like a Beauty and the Beast-style romance.
A charming, beautifully filmed movie that appeals on many levels and is a song to cinema and to love.
Guillermo del Toro channels all the streams that make him unique into The Shape Of Water, pouring his heart, soul and considerable craft into an exquisite creature fable.
A ravishing, eccentric auteur's imagining, spilling artistry, empathy and sensuality from every open pore, it also offers more straight-up movie for your money than just about any Hollywood studio offering this year.
It's a film that makes you feel a lot, but overridingly you feel lucky - lucky to be watching it, lucky that something so sincerely sweet, sorrowfully scary and surpassingly strange can exist in this un-wonderful world.
A dark-edged fairy tale as lovingly steeped in vintage movie magic as it is in hypnotic water imagery, this captivating creature feature marries a portrait of morally corrupt early-1960s America with an outsider tale of love and friendship ...
Del Toro provides just enough spade-work to keep the scheme plausible and his film is stylish and charming; red meat for the senses with some sugar on top.
The Shape of Water not only entertains as a sumptuous fairytale, but it reinforces a faith in humanity set in a time where tolerance of other races, nationalities, and non-"family values" love was volatile. And it's percolating back to the surface again.
There's something here for lovers of all kinds of movies - even silents and musicals - but del Toro transcends mere pastiche to craft a work that feels like the product of our collective film-going subconscious.

@highlight

The Shape of Water finds Guillermo del Toro at his visually distinctive best -- and matched by an emotionally absorbing story brought to life by a stellar Sally Hawkins performance.