One way or another you'll find yourself saying, "Awwwwww."
Incredibly moving. Even if you don't have a three-story screen in your home, the film still works marvelously.
Does a remarkable job of putting the viewer right with elephants in the Kenyan savannah and orangutans in the lush jungles of Borneo.
It's entertaining, poignant, educational (at least for kids), inspirational, and certainly beautiful to look at.
A terrific big-screen/3D film about the rescue of baby elephants and orangutans by dedicated humans introduces young people to a strong conservation ethic.
Few will be unmoved by the two women's courage and persistence, though Morgan Freeman's intoning voiceover is less persuasive.
A nice family outing, this, but those after an in-depth discussion had better look elsewhere.
It's just 40 minutes long, but in that short time it produces more "awwww" moments than any feature-length film to hit theaters this year.
Neither soppy nor schmaltzy, Born to Be Wild is a fascinating glimpse into another dimension of our world
There are plenty of ooh and ah moments in this splendid documentary for all ages in which we are privileged to enter a special world where orphaned baby elephants and orang-utans are nurtured
In Born to be Wild, the milk of human kindness nourishes the animals. And the audience.
Invites you on a thrilling IMAX 3D cinematic safari to wildlife 'orphanages' in Kenya and Borneo, where baby elephants and orangutans are nurtured and trained to return to the wild.
Trades on an indisputable fact: Ecologically friendly movies about cute animals are just about impossible to resist.
'Born to Be Wild' is one of the finest films of the year. Anyone who ever has loved an animal in a wild environment (or, for that matter, shared a home with one) must see this extraordinary movie about animal rescue.
... unusually deft for a 40-minute documentary ...
There are three certainties in life: death, taxes, and Morgan Freeman's voice.
I'm a fan of the diorama approach [to 3D], but Born to Be Wild makes the case that a nature documentary in IMAX 3D can and perhaps should bring us as close to the action as possible.
David Lickely's work as a director is impressive and intimate, and the use of the 3D helps make it feel like you're there in the environments with these animals.
What it lacks in length, the 45-minute movie makes up in entertainment value.
This may make me sound like less of a man, but I'm going to say it anyway: Born to Be Wild is by far the most adorable movie I've seen in the theater in a long time.
This enthralling 3D IMAX documentary about animal activists and naturalists in Borneo and Kenya and the orphaned baby orangutans and elephants they rescue is a must-see for animal lovers of all ages.
A decent weekend diversion, this IMAX documentary is cute enough to engage your kids, while teaching them the most basic lessons in ecological responsibility.
Their stories are touching and inspiring, but let's face it, the visuals are what make this movie. Born to be Wild takes you to places you've never been and makes you wish you had.
The hip soundtrack adds momentum, and the reassuring narration of Morgan Freeman lets us know these lucky orphans will have a fighting chance for survival after taking their first steps -- or swings -- back into the wild.
A cute and touching look at animals in peril and the dedicated humans who care for them.
Given the sheer scale of the format, Imax provides an ideal context in which to experience 3D, allowing the eyes to wander about each periphery-filling frame and focus on whatever catches our interest, the way we do in the real world.
Sweet, inspiring tale of two wildlife fairy godmothers.
Born to Be Wild is a film you'll want to show your children. With any luck, it will eventually find its way into every elementary classroom.
If you want to take a child to see something spectacular this weekend, even if it's only your inner child, skip that bunny movie and go to "Born to Be Wild 3D."
While there's an important story here - how these two women take in endangered animals with the intention of later releasing them back into the wild - the main attraction is the general adorableness.
It's sort of poetic justice that the wretched "Sucker Punch" is getting kicked off four Manhattan IMAX screens after just two weeks by this charming nature documentary.
"Born to be Wild" is a good nature film - and a great technical achievement.
A moving, engaging and revelatory IMAX attraction with two heroines and a crowd of charming beasts.
Although it runs just a fleet 40 minutes, the film proves a rich and memorable journey.
Narrated by Morgan Freeman (of course), "Wild" shifts gracefully between the two locations without ever feeling like it's imposing a story arc on them.
Wholesome and educational, teaches right from wrong, and brings up some important environmental issues.
Some animal parts, it turns out, are perfectly suited to 3-D, none more so than an elephant's trunk.
Incredible and inspiring, educational and endearing
An honest marketer might have just gone ahead and titled the film "Awwwww.''
The "awwwww" factor is off the charts for Born to Be Wild.
Parents should be prepared to dish out some of life's tougher realities on the drive home, when the "Daddy, what's a poacher?" questions will invariably arise.
Born to be Wild is both grand spectacle and intimate tale.
The spectacle of 3D and the narration of Morgan Freeman make clear the beauty of what is being lost.
The film is short - clocking in at just under 45 minutes - but it is long on compassion.
A helpful and healing documentary for families about the work of two woman who are caring for orphan elephants and orangutans.
Everything a family movie should be: touching, funny and inspiring.
Touching in a zoolike, rather than spectacular, way.
Cute, but never insufferably so, "Born to Be Wild 3D" is best taken as the perfect film to transition your kids from animation to live action fare - short, sweet, and educational.
Clocking in at only 40 minutes, the film has no time to thoroughly explore the issues at the heart of its bifurcated tale.

@highlight

The human story of Born To Be Wild is captivating and the accompanying nature footage is utterly cute and charming.