A goofy, euphoric amorous adventure in matchmaking cyberspace.
An insult to the viewer's intelligence, which sticks to silly slapstick while failing to get around to making a mature statement about relationships.
If not for the talent and natural charisma of its star, Diane Lane, this would be an entirely worthless enterprise.
I wouldn't call the movie a dog, but I didn't love it either. Our search for the next Great Romantic Comedy, like so many Hollywood singletons' quest for love, continues.
What went wrong? The script is a bit dodgy and the actors seem to be going through the motions.
...the film is ultimately difficult to resist, though it's clear that those who generally dislike this sort of thing will really hate this.
Must Love Dogs could have used a longer leash and a lot more frolicking in the park.
Like a good song that makes you think it sounds familiar, when it is actually brand new, this girl meets boy story is simply crammed with appealing elements
Diane Lane makes an extremely appealing lead and there's good chemistry between her and Cusack, perhaps because of their shared history at the edges of the Brat Pack in the 1980s.
Cusack in particular seems to have embellished his role with an assortment of verbal quirks that suggest he wasn't too happy with what was on the page.
If only the whole script had been as sharp as some of Cusack's caustic one-liners, then this might have appealed to more than just the Chardonnay brigade.
This lazily conceived movie wouldn't be much without the strength of its cast, which saves it the string of cliches that might have buried it.
Let me tell you: Having my feet scraped with a scapel and rubbed down with acid by my podiatrist was more enjoyable than sitting through this miserable film.
Manages to be engaging, even though the plot is badly underdeveloped.
An inconsequential, harmless piece of moderately cute fluff
Uma produção sem entusiasmo ou vida, o que é fatal para seus propósitos.
The big, dumb movie of the summer for those who can remember Richard Nixon in the White House.
Nowhere near as good as its stars due to stagy dialogue, but still a sweet experience.
Attractive, witty, and exceedingly cute movie seeks undiscerning viewers for good times and more!
While you must love dogs, it's ok if you just really like the movie. What I love is the match John Cusack and Diane Lane make on camera.
These everyday people are easier to relate to than typical romantic comedy subjects, but they're subject to the same deluded proceedings.
Despite its stars, despite its premise, and despite the presence of cute canines, "Must Love Dogs" is the most bland romantic comedy of the summer. Possibly of the year.
Everything that happens here has happened in dozens of romantic comedies before. If you're thinking of going to see Dogs, all I can say is: you've already seen it.
But the movie does find fresh ways to tweak the formula, making it more than the sum of its broad strokes.
A romantic comedy so generic that its label AND what's inside is nothing but a black-and-white checklist of the lamest rom-com clichés ever invented.
The best way to combat a lackluster script is good casting, and Diane Lane, John Cusack and Christopher Plummer are quite the foot soldiers in Must Love Dogs.
I wish [Lane and Cusack] had a better script to work with in this cyber-dating comedy ...
There needs to be a master list out there of conventional Romantic Comedy clichés and gestures that filmmakers and writers can refer to so as not to play to them ever again.
For better and worse, the pieces comprising Must Love Dogs are borrowed from every other romantic comedy.
To say Diane Lane would have trouble finding a date moves this movie into the science fiction realm
The makers of "Must Love Dogs" clearly have an affection towards canines but they didn't seem to even like the audience.
John Cusack and Diane Lane need to put out personal ads saying, 'Must have screenplay.'
Writer-director Gary David Goldberg relies so much on the predetermined beats of sitcom writing that Must Love Dogs is too stiff to qualify as lightweight.
...the first 75 minutes are sophomoric, foolish, unrealistic, unfunny, and contrived, if not puerile, ignorant, and ill-informed.
It's hard to cheer for a film that wears a slight sneer when it comes to its leading lady.
a predictable and genial romantic comedy that's not very romantic and never really all that funn
Lane and Cusack create characters who are genuine, funny and romantic.
Tepid sitcom romantic-comedy that's not a bow-wow but never gets out of the doghouse.
Rolls over and plays dead.
Perfect for a girl's night out.
There's no compelling reason why these two characters ought to be compatible except that their names come first and second in the opening credits.
No, Must Love Dogs, earned its smiles, and the only bone I really have to pick is that, in the end, I failed to bring enough tissue.
think of Must Love Dogs as a You've Got Mail without Norah Ephron's neuroses
The movie wastes the talents of its two leads by refusing to take any risks with the material, marching in lockstep to every genre cliché.
Must Love Dogs ... unleashes snappy, smart dialogue that's good enough to make us want to sit and stay.
...homosexual characters in romantic comedies serve the same role that Eunuchs did in the ancient Middle East:nonsexual good listeners who exist to assist hapless rich women.
The film meanders to every predictable place possible. It's Screenwriting 101, including the big romantic dash as grand finale.
Diane Lane, who's honed her acting craft to perfection, wins best in show here.
It's ostensibly about adults, but there's nothing remotely adult about it.
As fantasies go, you could do a lot worse.
The film gets more tepid as it goes along and ultimately just drifts off.
Some of the lines are pretty clever, but you need to have a very keen and sticky tolerance for dogs making goo-goo eyes.
The film makes no real impression; it's amiable, occasionally funny and indistinguishable from dozens of other romantic comedies just like it.
This Dog is hard to love. Cusack and Lane wasted in love story.
The real reason for taking a chance on this minor summer confection would be to catch up on the life of an unbilled hero: Lloyd Dobler.
Thanks to its splendid lead players, Must Love Dogs has the affable, cuddly charm that its title so hopefully invokes.
Stands as yet another example of how easy it is for filmmakers to fail at romantic comedy.
In mining for genre cliches, screenwriter Gary David Goldberg leaves no stone (or in some cases, stomach), unturned.
It works. That's the most and the least that can be said of this frequently funny romcom.
It's OK to be retro with your screen romance, but retro shouldn't feel this inept.
This is one of those utterly generic films that could easily have been spat out by some over-the-counter screenwriting software.
Lately, Hollywood has gotten so obsessed with doing big things badly, it seems to have forgotten how to do small things well.
Beware! Every time you're just about to settle back into mature romantic comedy mode as if it were a warm bath, things get silly. Really silly.
A romantic comedy is only as irresistible as are its temporarily star-crossed lovers. By this barometer, the enjoyably breezy Must Love Dogs boasts quite a pedigree.
Did Lane and John Cusack really have to put themselves through this? Here are two first-rate actors in the embarrassing situation of playing blithering misfits in a lame comedy of errors.
Be warned. When the makers of Must Love Dogs want you to like somebody, they slam your hand in a drawer until you say uncle.
It works all right as sort of cinematic comfort food.
There is an extremely supportive and welcoming market for an actress like this in the right romantic comedy. Must Love Dogs is half that movie; witty, rueful, true and sweet. The other half is so conventionally dumb, it hurts.
Must Love Dogs reminds me of the golden retriever that lived next door long ago: endearing, consistently sweet-natured, ready for a brisk turn around familiar territory as long as no strenuous intellectual demands are ever made.
Too pat when it needs to be hairy, Must Love Dogs fails to find the undercurrents of complex emotion beneath its pretty patter surface.
While Lane is her typical winning self, the film is mawkish.
Someone needs to stage an intervention with John Cusack. Call sister Joan, Jeremy Piven and the rest of the gang. He's become a chick flick junkie.
Tall handsome actor seeking willing audience...
Sarah, per generic prescription, has her own set of confidants, including her sisters, her father, and the butcher.
Diane Lane and John Cusack have such terrific chemistry together in the genial romantic comedy Must Love Dogs that it's a wonder these two veteran performers have never been teamed before.
Bland, generic and showing every sign of having been market-tested to death.
Unless you have an affection for scrawny, slobbery face-licking films with no bite or bark, don't even think about it.
Must Love Dogs treats originality as if it were a disease, passing up almost every attempt to include the kind of ingredients that might take someone by surprise.
Calling it a dog is an insult to canines.
Just when you think you have Goldberg figured, he springs fresh surprises.
I like the characters and the story but find that the film just doesn't go the distance in some areas.
Sweet, funny, touching, and contemporary.
A high-end Lifetime production.
"Charming and sweet, wrapping a leash around your heart."
The standard romantic comedy is in desperate need of more dogs.
This one's a dog, all right.
Even with a too-cute script, divorcee romantic comedy is passable thanks to the peanut butter/chocolate pairing of Diane Lane and John Cusack.
This may be the summer's only film not aimed at teenage boys, but it still feels unshaped and underdeveloped.
The dialogue in general is a notch above the norm, snappy and tight and remarkably unlike the drivel these things usually have.
Such great performances... Such a dreadful movie.
Dragging your boyfriend/husband to this movie will give him the leverage to demand multiple screenings of Jerry Bruckheimer films as penance. Ladies, you have been warned.
When a woman who looks like Diane Lane has to use the internet to find a date, something has gone horribly wrong with our world
Only in Hollywood would people make movies about how Diane Lane has trouble finding dates.
It's not When Harry Met Sally, but then again, what is?
Even vehicles on autopilot eventually reach their destinations, and Dogs proves to be an easy ride
Must Love Dogs is finished with the cookie cutter; it's time to pass it on.
Must Love Dogs makes a good first impression -- it's smart, funny and entertaining. But as the reels unwind, it's missing the special chemistry necessary to make us fall head-over-heels for it.
It's not terrible: It offers a handful of funny and touching moments and maintains a level of cuteness. But it's far from original, and its star chemistry doesn't exactly light up the screen.
Must Love Dogs proves that you can teach an old genre new tricks.
Like the computer-ad dates on screen, this promises much more than it delivers.
Director Gary David Goldberg has said he gave the script to Cusack to add his own touches, resulting in some clever and engaging repartee with Diane Lane, another intelligent and likable actor.
It takes Lane, John Cusack, Dermot Mulroney, Elizabeth Perkins, Stockard Channing and Christopher Plummer and forces them to reenact the entire unabridged Encyclopedia of Treasured Romantic Comedy Clichés and Chestnuts, Revised Second Edition.
Male, early 60s, looking to rekindle the magic of earlier hit TV shows with a stab at big screen romantic comedy. Discerning moviegoers need not apply.
Must Love Dogs isn't quite a dog, but it's far from an ideal date movie.
...packed with situations that only exist to provide punchlines and actors talking about love without convincing that they're in it.
The latest installment in film's ongoing habit of hooking itself up, Iditarod-like, to man's best friend for a little uplift in the adorability department.
Must Love Dogs is the kind of film that benefits far too much from its very talented veteran cast.
Must Love Dogs is an Internet dating comedy so weightless that it makes a trifle like You've Got Mail look like Chekhov.
Must Love Dogs is a film that won't inspire love or hate. It's just sort of there: An inoffensive way to spend an evening. Just remember, you can't get those 107 minutes of your life back.
A lively romantic comedy, grounded by John Cusack as an intense idealist with wit and a big heart, about the role of Internet match-making services in the dating game.
The film's curdled aftertaste is so frustrating that it may be hard to remember why Must Love Dogs ever seemed so endearing and entertaining in the first place.
Formula is forgivable; roteness less so.
Not everything needs to be art, of course, so here goes your proof.
Lacks the requisite passion and urgency to make the experience anything more than a periodically pleasant waste of time.
Must Love Dogs, though, has some things a lot of today's romantic comedies don't have and need badly: smart dialogue, bright characters and a pair of lovers who don't look as if they belong at a college bash or in a gossip column.
Diane Lane is too sexy and bright to play a bland divorcee whose decision for the evening is whether to wear her hair up or down and be reduced to an insecure teenager
On what planet does Diane Lane, she of the double-dip-sundae bod, whipped-cream face, and cinnamon hair, go dateless? Only on planet Hollywood, where she is routinely cast as an underappreciated wife or overlooked single.
Must Love Dogs is like a puppy with big brown eyes and a wagging tail who weeps with eagerness to lick your hand, but you take a look around the pound and decide to adopt the sad-eyed beagle who looks as if she has seen a thing or two.
Lane and Cusack transcend the formulaic nature of the romantic comedy genre
Romantic comedies usually stand or fall on the likability of the leads, and the leads in Must Love Dogs, Lane and John Cusack, both of whom downplay the shtickiness of the material by underselling it, are very likable.
What Must Love Dogs is ultimately insisting, after all, is that we all deserve to frolic merrily in the sun with loved ones (possibly in the form of John Cusack), Frisbees and dogs. Who wants to argue with that?
At once over- and under-written, and peppered with tiresome coincidences and misunderstandings, Goldberg's mechanical, joke-one, joke-two, joke-three approach to ensemble screenwriting soon betrays his TV-sitcom roots.
It manages to rework genre conventions with an exuberant wit and an authentic feel for the fits-and-starts madness of the mating game.
A somewhat generic romantic comedy blessed with a generous heart, bright dialogue and irresistible stars. Plus, it's not averse to taking risks.
Sharply written script in the dialogue department. But the chemistry element wanes and a heart element is nearly absent. Still, light, funny, always amusing. Kudos to Cusack.
[T]ries way too hard. Watching the movie is like being on a first date, it's trying so earnestly to be normal and nice and not freak you out...
Whenever Cusack is on screen, the energy level of the movie just jumps up.
...enough doses of the real world to elevate it above your average romantic-comedy fantasty.
Cutesy stuff, breezily amusing but...a basically weightless and disposable date movie.
The Partridge Family sing-along almost killed me.
One big product placement for a commercial dating service on the web. Its URL is only mentioned 2 or 3 times in the movie so I won't repeat it... unless they send a check.
Harmless and enjoyable -- but it'll float right out of your brain within a couple hours of seeing it.
If [it] ends with a painfully contrived set piece, it also . . . adds rowing lessons to the metaphors of foreplay
This is a movie of fake conflict, fake heart, even fake doggy love.
That's it. I'm divorcing Diane Lane.
Its flaws are patently obvious and they aren't pretty.
Bland and forgettable -- a romantic comedy with affable characters and some funny lines, but where love never really takes flight. It fizzles when it should sizzle.
Even when it doesn't entirely succeed, Goldberg's literate screenplay has an old-fashioned, almost preternaturally classy vibe.
A thoroughly conventional romantic comedy with all the usual trimmings.
If you love this movie, you're figuratively obeying the title's injunction.
To paraphrase some hackerish blurb I just heard on the shill-y E! network: Must Love Dogs is in the doghouse.







@highlight

Despite good work from its likable leads, the romantic comedy Must Love Dogs is too predictable.