What Miss Simone does have going for it is its unique access to extremely rare material, some of it never seen publicly before.
Garbus's documentary is a celebration of Simone's legacy, but it also takes a reasonably unflinching approach to her faults... the real joy here is the music, and the archival footage of Simone doing what she did best: singing, playing piano, performing.
We may now have jarring insights into the mother, the activist and the tortured soul at the root of Simone's career, but it's the legendary songstress who ultimately shines through.
Though it is doubtful that [Nina] Simone, were she still alive, would be much impressed with [Kanye] West's music - she once said that she didn't like rap at 'all' - she might recognise in him a fellow spirit.
... , WHAT HAPPENED, MISS SIMONE? removes the mystery behind her story that is as fascinating today as ever.
Much as Amy, Asif Kapadia's Oscar-nominated documentary does for Amy Winehouse, it ensures that [Nina] Simone's legacy, both as a woman and an artist, won't be soon forgotten.
What Happened, Miss Simone? gives Simone's personal struggles and her role in the political discourse get their due, though we never really find out quite what happened?
It's an astounding work that is both jarring and unapologetic in its examination of a musical genius.
A biographical sketch so scintillating and authoritative that one barely registers how stylistically generic it is.
A rich and complex tapestry chronicling Simone from her early years struggling to break in.
A feisty and frequently moving documentary on the life and musical career of singer/songwriter Nina Simone.
Powerful, intimate, and fresh. We desperately need to hear more women talking about being driven in an inexorable way toward a passion.
I found What Happened, Miss Simone?, which is about a woman and directed by a woman, far more interested in its subject, far more empathetic, and far more engrossed in her many facets than Asif Kapadia['s Amy]
Rebel with a Cause
What comes through in all this is Nina Simone's amazing talent and her blazing, activist spirit.
In this documentary, Liz Garbus not limited to recount a bio, it is a very painful journey through the career and motives of an ambivalent woman whose anger exploded on stage always leaving a lump in the throat. [Full review in Spanish]
An intimate examination of the tragic life of the High Priestess of Soul.
A well-presented heartfelt but too simplistic documentary on a great singer's troubled life.
Garbus' film weaves together Simone's public successes with her personal struggles. From a dramatic point of view, she is fortunate that much of Simone's tumultuous career took place on camera.
Nina Simone sacrificed soaring popularity in order to advocate change.
More omissive than impressionistic.
﻿Garbus [presents a dense] compelling intersection... of personal experience and public issues.
Garbus' revealing documentary not only tracks the musician's life and rise to stardom, but pulls into focus many of the sad reasons behind Simone's retreat from the public eye.
It's disappointing to watch the film fall into Behind the Music conventionality, employing a perfunctory alternation of talking heads and archival material despite the fact that so much once-rare footage can now be seen on YouTube.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Nina Simone's definition of freedom rings with the same truth as is found in her music. "What is freedom? No fear."
I think the film overreaches in casting Simone as a standard-bearer against racism and sexism, but it's filled with mesmerizing clips from throughout her performing career as well as numerous interviews with Simone, both audio and on film.
The timeliness of What Happened, Miss Simone? cannot be understated. It's essential viewing in these times...
As music and cultural critic Stanley Crouch says, "You only have to hear her once. No one sounds like her except her."
The film is not to be missed, especially considering that during her lifetime, Simone -- the woman, the emotionally wrecked -- was rarely heard.
It may not answer What Happened, Miss Simone?, but it does tell us why the question must be asked and will be asked, for a very long time.
"What Happened" features some of the best concert footage and musical performances in recent music doc memory, even if it never quite answers the question in its title.
An often electric, bracingly urgent documentary ...
It utilizes Maya Angelou's claim as tantalizing bait rather than the starting point for a feature-length thesis statement.
Ultimately, the documentary utilities a great deal of subtlety, but still manages to convey so much complexity, making it well worth the watch, even for someone not acquainted with her music.
A stubbornly conventional chronicle of a life that was anything but.
A candid, and painfully honest look into the life of the luminary, iconic Nina Simone.
Like the best music docs, movies where the tunes aren't doing the heavy lifting, there's much to admire about the film. [Yet] a few of the clips are just bonkers; a rendition of "Ain't Got No" from the musical Hair literally made me gasp.
To be sure, this is a rich, multifaceted life, but at just over 100 minutes, Miss Simone? merely scratches the surface, hitting the main talking points without digging deeply enough into any of her different chapters.
More like a primer on her life than an in-depth study.
What Happened, Miss Simone? is another example of Wikipedia-entry-as-cinema, but with a life this remarkable, it's still worth a look.
A most satisfying rendering of a complex cultural legacy ...

@highlight

What Happened, Miss Simone? is a compelling -- albeit necessarily incomplete -- overview of its complex subject's singular artistic legacy and fascinating life.