When Baby Mama is funny, it's funny.
With a cast this great, is it so selfish to ask for something memorable?
Baby Mama is far more funny than it has any right to be and boasts a dynamite pairing that shows plenty of promise for the future: here's hoping Fey and Poehler pick something a little less formulaic for their next project.
Fey and Poehler have great chemistry and they truly compliment each other well
This is one of those terrible terrible creations that just leaves me feeling a little uneasy about the way the film industry works.
Fey and Pohler are an appealing pair, with Fey's wry, deadpan delivery a perfect complement to Poehler's fearlessly juvenile brand of humor.
The reason this movie works so well though, is similar to why a good romantic comedy works. The chemistry between the two leads, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler is fantastic.
I've been majorly disappointed by romantic comedies over the past year or so.
Baby Mama adheres fairly closely to the conventions of the studio comedy, although it's never actually predictable, probably because the characters and subject matter are so novel.
Baby Mama quickly and lazily adopts all the annoying attributes of the usual fare.
Austin Powers screen mastermind Michael McCullers is the guy behind this sorta same-sex parenting satire, as SNL's Tina Fey and Amy Poehler do an extreme odd couple for laughs duet, ripping into the burgeoning baby consumer industry.
It's very much the women's show, and they prove enjoyable company, but there's more sugar than vinegar in the script which is stretched to find laughs.
The film is not exactly original but it is a lot of fun, thanks to the skill with which Fey and Poehler play to one another's strengths.
An under-achieving, lightweight movie that settles for a few competent gags and doesn't bother to take risks.
Fey and Poehler are better than 95 per cent of the innumerable male comedy double acts around at the moment. May they never part, because their work here is an utter joy.
This formulaic feelgood romantic comedy delivers everything it promises with a streamlined screenplay about a single professional woman, Kate (Tina Fey) who at 37 is desperate to have a baby and the complications that beset her plans
There are plenty of laughs in this likeable and uplifting comedy that puts its own twist on life, love, relationships and babies.
With this story, and this cast, the movie ought to have been fun.
Michael McCullers' script is soft-headed to the point of inanity.
The film's talented performers are wasted thanks to a weak script.
It's as much fun as actually eating toddler vomit.
A lightweight romantic comedy that's to be welcomed, if only for the fact it offers juicy roles to talented writer-actresses Tina Fey and Amy Poehler.
Fey and Poehler are class comedy actresses, yet this lacks the dramatic spark which would have been supplied by both their characters genuinely hating the sight of one another.
It delivers considerably more laughs than one might expect from the Hollywood sub-genre of procreation comedy.
Enjoyable and amiable in its daft way.
If the plot wasn't so dismally familiar, it might have worked.
By Mike Martin - The big news that Steve Martin is funny for the first time in about 15 years as Kate's hilariously dippy hippy boss.
Hugely enjoyable, well written and frequently hilarious comedy with several brilliant gags and terrific comic performances from Fey, Poehler and a talented supporting cast.
A smart comedy for adults, Baby Mama is a consistently funny pleasure, filled with charismatic performances and a nicely understated emotional element.
Baby Mama rises comfortably above formula foundations.
While certainly amiable enough, Michael McCullers' directorial debut is, like the gestation that it portrays, somewhat sloppily conceived and capable of delivering no more than what is expected.
Good comedy knows no gender, and be you woman, man or any sentient being with a funny bone, you will find boundless delight in two people doing what they do best: being very, very funny.
The jokes are, on paper, funny. On screen they just seem like the inevitable, the only thing to say, and their zing zags off into bland, familiar territory... the material didn't coalesce past pointing at something funny and saying, "hey, that's funny al
It's no different than watching a third-rate sitcom on a Tuesday night.
On one level, it's unfair to penalize a pretty decent movie for not being a great movie, but then again, Fey has proved time and time again that she can do better than this.
Poehler's the engine that propels this light comedy to surprising levels that far exceed the predictability suggested by the preview trailer.
Baby Mama which was written not by Fey but by its director Michael McCullers is awfully familiar yet the movie - forgive me - delivers its laughs without audiences having to go into labor to get them.
Fey may get top billing for "Baby Mama," and deservedly so, but it's Poehler who actually ends up providing the most laughs.
The 'Saturday Night Live' veterans make a great team...
Predictable, unimaginative and unfunny.
It's probably too early to dub Tina Fey and Amy Poehler as the Martin and Lewis of the 21st century. However, comparisons to them and other classic comedy teams are likely to follow if this duo continues to make feature films together. Hopefully, any fut
Just remember the "5 minutes of uninterrupted eye contact" scene (with Steve Martin). I was almost in tears.
The best moments come when Fey and Poehler just cut loose and riff hilariously on everything from birthing classes to karaoke video games.
A waste of talent.
Fey and Poehler, you're better than this material, and you know it.
a pithy deconstruction of both the trendy and the traditional, with well-aimed swipes at everything from designer parenthood to the redneck in the blue collar
...an exceedingly familiar premise that's used to almost extraordinarily innocuous effect...
[Tina Fey and Amy Poehler] could, with luck, be one of the great comedy teams.
The year's first film that kept me laughing from end to end with intelligent and perceptive punch lines that don't aim for the broad side of a fraternity house.
After a parade of romantic comedies that shoot one-liners with machine guns or twist circumstances to contrivance, it's a relief to enjoy a story that just feels natural.
Steve Martin emerges as Baby Mama's mack daddy.
Although the big picture itself gets mushy, the small moments, especially involving Fey, are sharp.
If he's not precisely magical, Oscar the doorman does function as wise advisor for white women who should know better.
The comedy teams longtime "Saturday Night Live" vets Tina Fey and Amy Poehler - two of the funniest individuals on the planet, in my opinion - for a comedy that distinctly exploits their synergistic comic sensibilities.
SNL brings some must needed comedy relief to the big screen and it finally pays off.
Unrolls like a perfect storm of focus-grouped situations and joke-writing by committee.
Probably would be better as a 'Saturday Night Live' skit
Enough laughs for me to recommend.
SNL alumni Tina Fey, Steve Martin, and current mainstay Amy Poehler, all shine in this infectious chuckler.
...definitely funnier than Rosemary's Baby, a notch or two better than Nine Months, but falling far short in the laughs department when compared to the maternity comedy winner and still champion, Knocked Up.
a mild charmer, with a genial nature and a game cast.
The picture's only weakness is that the pair's antics pale in comparison to those exhibited by the low-class trash you can find making fools of themselves any day of the week on the average episode of the Jerry Springer Show.
Even when we learn the film's somewhat less than astounding twist about midway through, the movie's happy outcome is never really in doubt.
I can't help but feel some sort of relief after the lukewarm trailers promised The Brothers Solomon with chicks.
Fey, in full, gorgeous fluster, and Poehler, a master of comic delirium, are nicely paired; and the script, by writer-director Michael McCullers (who toiled on the Austin Powers movies), gives them a sizable number of killer lines to work with.
Baby Mama is hilarious. I could quote its awesome one-liners out of context for diminishing returns. It's also smart. The jokes are cribbed from the anxiety list of anyone who's spent too much time reading the New York Times Style section.
It's fun to see a couple of talented, funny women head a comedy for a change.
A warm and engaging comedy that delivers the laughs non-stop. These baby mamas are red hot.
It's clumsy, not cute, an amateur show that's eager to amuse by any means.
Michael McCullers is a pedestrian director, but a potent screenwriter, wittily playing to the strengths of his stars and who's-who supporting players. This comedy isn't without complications, but it's affable, breezy and buoyant.
Yes, the film doesn't offer many surprises and grows soft and predictable by its conclusion. But it does avoid the sappy sentimentality of the genre. The movie -- and its lead actresses -- charms us more than we might expect.
The fun of the movie is watching Fey's Type A+ character, who's fairly similar to the one Fey plays on 30 Rock, bounce off Poehler's dopey slacker, who blurts out every thought that drifts into her head.
I'm not making claims that Baby Mama transcends the format's routine progressions -- opposites not only attract, they learn from each other -- only that, within these conventions, the movie is smart, funny and beguiling.
Baby Mama ultimately gives in to sweetness, but it has some deliciously tart moments along the way.
It's a movie that deals in emotion and attempts to pass counterfeit goods. There's nothing there... . And yet by the deprived standards of the modern romantic comedy, one would have to say, well, it's not bad.
In the end, well, things are lot tidier than a toddler's room, but it's a lot like childbirth, too. You forget the bad parts and feel really good.
This story of a corporate vice president and the surrogate mother she hires is so committed to convention that it runs into cliché.
It's not horrible, but it's droopy, and it left me craving 30 Rock, with its vastly superior skewering of the privileged and self-involved. Fey should stick to writing her own material.
Baby Mama is formulaic, but this broad odd-couple girl comedy has the advantage of knowing what it is.
In the end, despite some complications, it successfully gives birth to a very happy event: The arrival of Tina Fey, movie star.
In a pleasing contrast to Fey's sharpness, Poehler keeps her performance unpredictable and fuzzy. In this just-add-water comedy, a very funny movie star is born.
Neither Tina Fey nor Amy Poehler, former Saturday Night Live colleagues, has a compelling big-screen presence. And as a team they're no Martin and Lewis. Still, their lightweight double act passes the time agreeably.
Baby Mama is an endearing but exasperating exercise in fertility, a sort of Sisterhood of the Traveling Uterus, that strikes too many false notes to seem anything but too familiar.
Baby Mama is just amusing enough to provoke a few chuckles and just short enough to keep you from glancing at your watch.
The enjoyable-enough comedy Baby Mama may appear to have a few women's issues on its mind, but it's really a female Odd Couple that gets by on the considerable comic talents of its stars.
What's the difference between a vasectomy and Baby Mama? Baby Mama only lasts 93 minutes.
The funny, felicitous Baby Mama exploits every stage of pregnancy except the first. No hanky-panky to bump this plot in motion.
While nothing stands out as being truly odious or unforgivable that really isn't saying much.
Baby Mama offers ample evidence that Fey and Poehler are more than ready for prime-time screen gigs. Let's hope they team again for a comedy that delivers all that it promises.
It's not that Baby Mama is an outright bad movie. It's just so thoroughly typical, a one-note, odd-couple, laff-lite film featuring two Saturday Night Live veterans that reminds you of so many other dashed-together SNL vet films.
The appealing Fey and nutty Poehler make sure Baby Mama dramas comes leavened with laughs.
The picture is about a surrogate mother, and in a sense Fey is asked to be the movie's surrogate.
A really funny, surprisingly smart and genuinely sweet comedy.
The pregnancy-movie craze shows no signs of abating, but not all bellies are created equal. Baby Mama is a disservice to Tina Fey, who is at her best playing characters who are whip-smart.
One of the funniest movies to be released so far this year.
The movie was written and directed by a man, Michael McCullers. But it cuts out the obligatory middleman and lets two women make us laugh, often very hard.
By the time it reaches its supposedly crowd-pleasing finale, Baby Mama may have self-respecting comedy fans (and even Tina Fey fans) crying uncle.
Baby Mama lets Amy Poehler shine on the big screen. The only question is, why did Hollywood wait so long to give her a starring role?
When was the last time you were presented with a film featuring "Saturday Night Live" actors that didn't send you running for the hills?
Likeable enough if you're in an undemanding mood. But its toothless underachievement leaves one thinking this bun should've spent longer in the oven.
I've sat through enough laugh-less comedies to be grateful when a movie entertains me, even temporarily%u2014but no one's going to call this film a classic.
Similac should be so good.
The new comedy Baby Mama never comes fully to term, as it were.
This new comedy is what you could call a surrogate comedy with familiar Saturday Night Live jokes implanted in a generic Baby Boom script.
Writer/director Michael McCullers... pacing is poor and he doesn't know how to showcase the small-screen chemistry of Fey and Poehler on the big screen.
Every time the movie feels like it's about to cross over into the realm of the genuinely inspired, something or someone slams on the brakes.
Fey and Poehler deliver more laughs than the last two Will Ferrell movies combined
a whiny, juvenile mess
"Baby Mama" is not just smart, warm, funny, and romantic, it is an especially welcome dose of XX chromosome humor in an Apatow-flooded XY era.
It's not a perfect film by any means, but as a debutante ball for Fey and Poehler as big screen leading ladies, it's a dream.
The only reason it works as well as it does -- or that it even works at all -- is because of its star, former SNL head writer Tina Fey, who's really turning into an endearing comic performer.
We wanted Cheerios and got strained peas.
Baby Mama doesn't have a plot so much as a series of contrivances that play out completely as expected.
The script favors routine Odd Couple gags over the sort of comic contemplation of motherhood a writer like Fey might have brought to the subject.
Baby Mama does not represent the best of either woman's talent, but it'll do for now.
Every moment of this project feels beat-driven, focus-grouped and designed to package Fey as a viable movie star with great pins (as one character takes pains to note) to go with the breasts (ditto). This isn't writing, it's advertising.
[Writer/director] McCullers came up with a perfect scenario for Fey and Poehler, a true comedy team who honed their chemistry over multiple seasons worth of Weekend Updates.
Most of the time Baby Mama relies on the string-pulling of sitcom television.
[Fey and Poehler's] appealing rapport bumps the movie up from 'just fine' to 'good enough,' even if both are good enough to do something that's more than fine.
[Writer/director] McCullers takes all the loose plot strands and ties them in a neat knot and cuts it, as an obstetrician might a newborn's umbilicus. Still, I left with a smile.
There are a handful of solid laughs, but there are more than a few duds in the mix. One suspects that had Tina Fey penned the film herself, it wouldn't have been half as conventional and plodding.
It's a perfectly bred combination of razor-sharp satire and female buddy comedy.
There are a couple of minor surprises and enough laughs and truisms floating around the supporting cast to make this an easy comedy to watch.
Baby Mama works best when it's centered on the Odd Couple chemistry of Poehler and Fey.
A refreshing change of pace from the frat boy fodder and standard romantic comedies that Hollywood usually offers up.
The material stays conventional and superficial, and writer-director Michael McCullers has a flair for cutting scenes before they plunge toward too-easy laughs. Yet it's the chemistry between the stars that makes the film stand out in a drab spring.
Audiences alive to the modest charms of its take on female friendship will be rewarded with at least a few quiet chuckles.
Paper-thin comedy - in which Tina Fey's OCD career woman hires Amy Poehler's ADD surrogate mother - is worth seeing only for its seriously talented comedic leads.
The most disappointing movie of the year so far.
What may be the first real outsourcing comedy, Baby Mama is like a pacifier: floppy, nourishment-free and may even keep your teeth from growing in straight.
Just like it is in the world of SNL, the choice gets made time and again to aim not for the high road but for the great, big, fat, juicy, unchallenging, uncontroversial middle ground, where everybody's laughing but nothing is all that funny.
The humor outweighs the holes in the story, Fey and Poehler look to be a comedy team built to last -- let's hope so -- and those who find Judd Apatow's comedies lacking in decent female roles have found their film.
I'm a huge Tina Fey fan, but Amy Poehler is sadly miscast.
Even on its own sorry terms, Baby Mama is ludicrous, falling back on toilet humor because it has nothing else to offer.
As much as I liked Baby Mama, I was very disappointed that, once again, the funniest scenes from a film are spoiled in the trailer.
A comedy boasting fetching performances by Saturday Night Live stars Tina Fey and Amy Poehler.
There's nothing terribly wrong with Baby Mama but it's probably better suited for viewing on television, where many of the participants cut their teeth. This is small screen stuff masquerading as something bigger.
...numbingly unfunny.
SNL gals deliver hilarious comedy for teens .
An above-average comedy that makes better use of funny women than virtually any other movie has in years.
Mommy culture, with its capacity for smugness and solipsism, seems like a ripe topic for parody, but Baby Mama approaches it with kid gloves.
Fey and Poehler prove to be a movie force to be reckoned with, reminiscent of David Spade and Chris Farley in "Tommy Boy."
Things get soft where they should be sharp and cozy instead of crazy.
A Saturday Night Live sketch stretched a good hour past its breaking point of no return.
With virtually nothing in the way of visual or physical comedy, there are more chuckles here than belly laughs, and most of them are delivered by the supporting cast.
For such a talented cast Baby Mama unfortunately misses the mark.
There's something magical about [Fey and Poehler's] on-screen chemistry that we haven't seen since the days of Lucille Ball and Vivian Vance.
It's wry and satirical but just not as hip as I was hoping. Perhaps I expected too much from two of SNL's funniest comediennes.
Even if the picture is softer than it needs to be, it still resists devolving into something warm and squishy.
Gags fall flat as many times as they sparkle, but the comic take on surrogate motherhood features some Saturday Night Live veterans that are having a good time and are eager to please their audience.
There are gags and scraps of action that give the movie fits of buoyancy, and these tend to come not so much from the younger, eager performers as from the old hands.
A tailor-made girls' night out movie, Baby Mama is a tidily wrapped package the contents of which you can easily guess before opening it.
Not quite a bouncing bundle of joy but still serves up plenty of kicky comedy.
That the film also features SNL's Amy Poehler makes the proceedings' crushing mediocrity that much more frustrating.
Drawing on Baby Boom and Odd Couple, this high-concept comedy lags behind the zeitgeist and may be more significant as corrective counterpoint to the male-driven fare of Apathow's factory in centering on charming femmes in the lead and supporting roles
Surrogate motherhood is the comic topic of the day, and this is one funny chick flick that won't rankle male members of the audience.







@highlight

Baby Mama is a lightweight, predictable comedy that ekes by on the strength of its performers.