A completely uproarious one-liner about Joe Strummer is still no reason to watch "Management." Had it stuck with insights on loners inadvertently backing themselves into emotional corners, rather than going for wackiness, it might have worked.
Forget logic here, there's a good cast, nice chemistry and warm feelings all around as they all fumble around for something to bring meaning to their lives.
So-so romcom about unlikely couple isn't too racy for teens.
There's more to Stephen Belber's debut than just manufactured whimsy, not least a wise and witty script, and some beautifully sketched side characters supporting two reliably charming leads.
Not the funny, sunny romp the trailer promises, but a weary, weak attempt at romantic comedy that's far from feelgood.
For the most part, Management avoids the standard rom-com clichés in favour of something more delicate and heartfelt.
Despite the obvious Norman Bates-ish resemblance, Zahn is clearly supposed to be dishy. The Zahn/Aniston pairing is without chemistry and there frankly isn't a spark of real life in the whole film.
Doing nothing to disprove the so-called Curse Of Friends is haphazard rom-com Management.
Unable to decide between being a romantic comedy, a zany farce or a thoughtful study of two emotionally repressed losers finding fulfilment, it ends up a mess; but an intriguing mess.
Zahn is adorable and Jennifer Aniston brings an endearing tartness to Sue but even their best efforts don't redeem the muddle of Management.
Gentle and very sweet, this low-key romance takes some rather random turns as it drifts toward the obvious conclusion. But it's very nicely played, and it still manages to catch us emotionally.
Enjoyably offbeat indie romcom that's never particularly funny but gradually wins you over, thanks to a quirky, unpredictable script and great performances.
The only thing that prevents the entire thing from becoming an unpleasant mess is Zahn, an often comic character actor who has an endearing goofiness to him and to his performances.
Gentle, goofy and never mean, Management isn't earth-shaking. But it's a fuzzy warm blanket of a movie.
According to this misguided movie's wisdom, every woman should be so lucky to have her very own stalker to help her get her life in order.
You watch Management thinking of the comedy Aniston and Zahn could have made, and wishing you were watching that movie instead.
Goes for broke on sentiment but overlooks important details that make decent films great.
Management should have definitely been called on to make some adjustments.
Random weirdness aside, Belber telegraphs this story arc from Sue's first drop-in to Podunk. Message received. No surprises here.
The trademark hitch in Aniston's line delivery is an effective shorthand for taking a leap of faith. In the case of both her character and her career, Management represents an admirable choice.
If your favorite Jennifer Aniston movie is The Good Girl, her new film might be for you.
The latest misfire to make 'indie' a dirty word.
Belber's twist on the standard rom-com is that it isn't weighed down with that "made-for-each-other" vibe that makes a happy ending inevitable.
Management has two things going for it: Steve Zahn and Jennifer Aniston. Luckily, those are two very good things.
Padding disguised as a feature-length screenplay.
'Management' is an addictively charming little movie about loosening up and chasing your dreams.
Presents characters whose behavior is the behavior of grotesques; there is no connection drawn between what happens on the page and what is recognisably human.
Jennifer Aniston is stuck, again.
This movie was so stupid I was going to plead that Jango use the BB gun on me, but then I collected myself and remembered that it would all be over soon!
"Management" had potential if Belber had given us more heartfelt moments like the one with Sue and Mike handing out free Burger King vouchers to homeless men.
There is such a fine line between stalk and courtship (in this film), and he normally falls on the stalking side. But he also does yoga, so I guess that makes it all right.
Ultimately the second half completely undermined the first half.
Zahn is essentially stalking Aniston and it's really just downright creepy.
For a small movie trying to shoulder its way into the summer m ix, it could have been a hidden gem; either the most touching film of the season or the most pleasantly silly.
Mostly compelling and occasionally sweet and funny thanks to its terrific cast, but it combines comedy, drama and romance awkwardly and unevenly while leaving you feeling somewhat underwhelmed.
Management looks and feels exactly as Hollywood appears to have determined such coming of age ventures should.
The weirdness employed by Stephen Belber's amorous fairy tale is of a decidedly limp, half-hearted sort.
An astute slice-of-life, a sympathetic character study, and an offbeat love story all rolled into one satisfying package. Mixes genre conventions with an appetizing quirkiness in an overall confection of bliss.
It's not a disaster, but it's hard not to wish Management had remained the more interesting, thoughtful little movie it starts out as.
Despite the essential implausibility of the story, Management remains for the most part as endearing as its leads.
Sometimes a movie thinks it's one thing (charming) when it's really something else (creepy).
Management is something truly unusual - an underplayed movie about over-the-top emotions. For that alone, it's worth a look.
The film is a failure if it can't convince us that these two people belong together. It can't, and barely tries.
But if there's a point to be made here, it's that persistence pays off, whether you're onscreen or in the audience.
A large part of Management's charm, [is that] it wanders through some fresh locations (Maryland, Arizona and Washington), takes some offbeat detours and just generally refuses to be predictable.
There isn't one thing in this movie that will help you remember anything about it ten minutes after leaving the theatre.
The art of the romantic comedy isn't remotely near its historical high, but even given its woebegone status, Management is pretty dreadful stuff.
Though it doesn't always work, it's an idea with its heart in the right place and, paired with nonshock comedy, it's a nice change of pace.
Management is ultimately undone by its own bland idiosyncrasies. It's nothing but a mismanaged opportunity.
Zahn specializes in playing overgrown children. His face is both old and young--he must have looked the same at 9 as he will at 90
Management is just an average movie, but Aniston's performance is a very lovely thing.
If it isn't half as good -- or as funny -- as its forerunners, it maintains its integrity as a small, sweet-natured comedy that refuses to obey the commercial dictates of Hollywood by allowing its characters to determine their own zany destinies.
To be completely honest, I was ready to walk out of the new Jennifer Aniston movie "Management" after ten minutes.
Sometimes a cute-stalker movie can win the audience's heart. Management only makes you ponder the line between true love and a restraining order.
[Steve Zahn] is the single biggest reason why Management is a delightfully screwball romantic comedy and not a crazed-stalker film.
[C]an't even be bothered to consider its concept from the perspective of the female protagonist it would like us to like...
Thanks to the stars' adept way with Belber's script, this little movie manages to win you over.
The plot is too sprawling for the structure. That's often the way with debut films: so many notions, so little time.
Playwright Stephen Belber, in his directing debut, comes close to the sweet spot. He's not there yet. But he'll be worth watching next time.
It's a handful of ostensibly quirky ideas glued together by irritatingly conventional devices.
Management isn't even a good stalker-training film. It's pretty much a waste of everyone's time, especially yours.
Another Psycho remake? Not quite -- this is actually a slightly unsettling romantic comedy starring Jennifer Aniston and Steve Zahn.
They make an intriguing pair, and Management, for all its hard-to-define mix of melancholy and absurdity, makes for an intriguing movie.
Though the flimsy romance follows a predictable path, Management has its whimsically offbeat moments, and Zahn is puppy-dog adorable.
"Knocked Up's" Seth Rogan stood a chance because he had personality. Zahn just hands us a winsome baby animal picture.
A film that flaunts its contempt for plausibility and psychological realism, but damned if Zahn doesn't almost sell the scene and the movie with his naïve, wide-eyed slacker charm.
quickly abandons its singular unpretentiousness for three-ring goofiness
A likably oddball romantic comedy about a traveling saleswoman and a motel night manager who won't leave her alone.
This is one motel comedy that does not warrant an extended stay.
An impractically blissful and offbeat romantic comedy ... takes you by surprise, underplaying jokes and maximizing laughs in a way that's simultaneously familiar and fresh.
This quirky indie romance is beguiling at first but later succumbs to artifice.
Management works as a sweet rom-com with some fairly big laughs.
Management should come equipped with some type of safety restraint to best absorb the shock of all the uncomfortable tonal changes that continually derail the film.
An endearing romantic comedy that explores many different dimensions of love and nurturing.
Romance isn't about logic, but seriously -- the way Mike keeps popping up in Sue's life, unbidded, from a long distance, comes off as more than just a bit creepy and not at all charming.
Poor scriptwriting decisions and a failure to advance the romance in a gradual, credible fashion doom whatever chances this could have had to enrapture audiences.
An indie dud.
In this Springtime of our Discontent, Management offers a bit of sunny but not entirely silly escapism.
Uneven, incoherent and flimsy - and obviously influenced by the success of by "Knocked Up" - it explores the silly, sweet side of stalking.
If this modest charmer doesn't finally make a star out of Steve Zahn, I don't know what will.
Neatly mixing whimsical quirkiness, straight-faced absurdity and affecting melancholy, Management is a slight but likable dramedy.
The plot doesn't always make sense, and when it does it's often pretty predictable, but when all is said and done, this romantic comedy starring the ultracute Steve Zahn and Jennifer Aniston ultimately delivers the goods.
One of the more unique romantic comedies since Garden State, one that's sweet and strange at the same time.
To the annals of romantic stalker comedies, the appallingly creepy Management adds pretension and may blaze new, jaw-dropping territory: the predatory Beast totally rehabilitates Beauty.
...screenplay is not punchline-jokey, but veined with moments of off-balance humor...Zahn and Aniston have unusual and slightly fizzy chemistry.
Steve Zahn is particularly likable in his signature puppy-dog role.
Possibly borrowing a bit from the breakout success of Knocked Up and its notion of upscale women dating down, way down, this smitten stalker comedy aims for the sweeter side of creepy behavior when it comes to romance.
Disarmingly clever performances from Steve Zahn and Jennifer Aniston bring out the emotional highs of writer/director Stephen Belber's modest but effective romantic comedy.
Sure, some men are dogs. But Mike [Steve Zahn] is a puppy.
...the palpable chemistry between Zahn and Aniston certainly [plays] a key role in the film's initial success.






@highlight

Clever and often beguiling performances by Steve Zahn and Jennifer Aniston can't revive this sweetly misguided stalker romance.