Even a paddle can't keep this movie from sinking.
Shepard, Green and Lillard have good chemistry, and this bodes well considering there are three characters to play off each other rather than just two
Maybe the filmmakers should have called the picture Without a Laugh.
Gets into the male bonding mode with a casual, instinctive flair that breathes more life into the Steven Brill comedy than it may actually merit.
Without a Paddle is a sloppy effort, yet even a clichéd comedy could be fun if it actually delivered on laughs.
A sloppy, lowest common denominator comedy
Average comedy, the acting is fine, but the script is pretty lame and it doesn't have a lot of good jokes.
'Una de esas películas intrascendentes, de las que da lo mismo que existan o no'
The cast is pleasant, which is a reasonable adjective to describe the entire project.
That said, the three leads are appealing enough so that the film remains watchable and the whole thing is almost worth seeing just for Seth Green's C-3PO impressions.
This is simply just another in a long line of lazy comedies.
While striving for a bit of liberalism (ain't we City types the real stoopid ones) almost every scene then throws in the towel and falls back on a clutch of unfunny country-livin' clichés.
Without a Paddle is two movies -- one good and one bad -- merged together into a cinematic hodgepodge of hilarity, originality, banality and absurdity.
Looks like yet another gross-out farce, but it's actually a genuinely engaging comic adventure.
...one of the few surprises this summer.
Imagine Deliverance re-delivered as a Gen-X comedy, co-starring a hungry bear, two dope-growing rednecks and a mad mountain man (Burt Reynolds).
More enjoyable than we have any right to reasonably expect.
The inconsistency in tone leaves Without a Paddle up a certain unnamed creek.
... this isn't much of a stretch for the creator of the "Mighty Ducks" but at least it's a step in the right direction.
But what can you say about any picture where the bear puts in the best performance and is the most talked about entity in the movie's own press kit?
Without has all the freshness of moldering Playboys stashed under a mattress, but it evokes what few boys-will-be-boys larks can: chumminess.
Movies don't get much more disgustingly juvenile than this...
wholly undignified.
How do you siphon the laffs from a surefire gut-busting premise like city slickers stuck in the sticks? ... you assemble a cut-rate Three Stooges, inject tired '80s nostalgia and some moralistic goo about carpe-ing the diem.
Belabored would be too kind a word for it.
Without a Paddle plays like a movie the studio greenlit 25 years ago and only now got around to making.
Cheeky trio keeps Without a Paddle afloat - barely
Also without a script, a star, or even some laughs.
I'm not saying Without a Paddle shouldn't be a comedy, but it didn't have to be a stupid comedy.
...made me long for the inspired idiocy of `Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle.'
Helmer Steven Brill and company owe me two hours
These guys get in way over their heads stuck in the wilderness. The characters are developed so the audience cares for the guys.
Director Brill makes no stylistic advances from his recent work with Adam Sandler, and shows no signs of seeking growth or improvement.
...[a] warped and water-logged laugher...Without a Paddle is a lazy assault on one's tolerance for exaggerated cruel goofiness.
Director Steven Brill fails to sustain a steady comedic pace; the movie lurches rather than flows from scene to scene.
It could have been titled "Without a Clue."
A faux-sentimental comedy that not only isn't funny, but half the time appears to have forgotten to insert the joke.
It looks like the filmmakers just don't realize that they've embarked on the movie making exercise with their comedic tank just barely half full.
Think Road Trip meets City Slickers. Then dial the humor down a few notches, and you're left Without a Paddle.
For a while this buddy comedy sails along smoothly on elements borrowed from The Goonies, Deliverance and Road Trip, but the relentlessly unimaginative script eventually leaves it becalmed.
Forget being up a raging creek without a paddle, these poor losers are lost in a wilderness that permits no comedy.
Without a Paddle wants to fascinate us with our own repulsion, and the wraparound, absurdly sentimental story is there to fill space between obvious and appalling sight gags.
The film loses its way when it tries to impart something close to wisdom -- who are we kidding here?
The first half of the film is enjoyable but hit and miss. After that, it's just miss.
Without a Paddle credibly defines the cheap satisfaction you can get from foolish summer distraction.
A larky, throwaway movie.
The film seems as aimless as a ride down a river without paddles.
Without a Paddle gives us the contemporary comedy's lazy substitute for a real gag -- the celebrity cameo.
This is the kind of comedy in which the aim is to make the audience cringe.
Extremely dumb, sporadically funny wacky-camping comedy.
Some tales center on man vs. nature, others on man vs. man. Without a Paddle falls within a third category: man vs. poorly conceived script.
Never rises above the level of harmless video fare.
There are a few gross-out laughs, but Without a Paddle's gang-written script doesn't know what it wants to be.
An inept movie that makes even Catwoman seem sane.
The film simply isn't funny enough to please the adolescent fans who want pratfalls and will instead have to squirm through agonizingly-penned scenes of '80s nostalgia and male-bonding murk.
A successfully infantile new spin on Deliverance.
Inoffensive to a fault, Without a Paddle goes by without a memorable ripple.
Funny enough, but we've walked these trails before.
Without a Paddle can proudly take its place in the pantheon of perfectly likable stupid movies.
So crude that it leaves a bitter aftertaste.
A consistently amusing, often hilarious outing with surprising heart.
Five screenwriters, three stars, maybe two good jokes.
Overload[s] on gross-out gags and Deliverance references.
You can say of Without a Paddle that at least it cares enough to steal from the very best. Unfortunately, that's about all it cares about.
A pleasant end-of-summer diversion that won't insult your intelligence. Too much, anyway.
What promises to be a comic take on the 1972 thriller Deliverance, is actually closer to Dude, Where's My Car? as it drifts aimlessly from one dopey situation to another.
Without a Paddle never sinks. It just drifts along amiably until it reaches a predictable shore.
Summer movies don't get much sillier or more empty-headed than Without a Paddle.
In a shocking deviation from the normal PR drill, Bart the Bear Jr. provides FilmStew with a heartfelt and conflicted first-person review.
The only thing that's remotely impressive about this waste of 99 minutes is that it somehow took five writers to put it together, proving that too many cooks spoil the s'mores
It's like The Goonies on acid.
Imagine you're watching 'Dizzy Detectives' and after Moe wallops Curly with a two-by-four, he delivers a treacly speech about how much he appreciates his friendship...
Maybe they should have cast Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox as dueling banjo players, squealing like pigs.
Whether one installs the silent 'up a creek' preamble to the title depends on how you feel about serious silliness.
Without the sense of fun adventure that makes you want to ride along with these guys. I wanted to assume the fetal position and have a giant bear come and take me away.
Without a Paddle would have been much more entertaining if Brill had been less focused on what a bear does in the woods.
Buddy wilderness adventure comedy has a big heart, even if it's a been-there, done-that comedy.
For those who think 'Deliverance' didn't have enough Poop Humor.
This is the kind of movie where the centerpiece scene involves dropping poop on people's heads. If that doesn't discourage you from seeing it, I can't imagine anything will.
Imagine Deliverance as a PG-13 slapstick cartoon for 13-year-old boys. Better yet, don't.
The homosexual panic instilled by Deliverance fuels the running joke driving the uneasy laughs evoked by this loathsome comedy.
The cheesy, unconvincing moments centered on the characters' serious discussions of life and friendship really seem unnatural and ruin the flow of the physical comedy.
Can't decide whether it wants to be a slapstick-y, gross-out comedy, or a heartfelt Stand By Me-meets-Deliverance drama.
Without a Joke would be a better title.
You can lose money and regain it, says a character in Without a Paddle, but not so lost time. Perhaps this is a subliminal message to moviegoers.
Essentially a long, drawn out comedic take of last year's Texas Chainsaw ripoff, Wrong Turn, except with most of the jokes excised.
They say that still waters run deep. Suffice it to say that the waters of Without a Paddle are raging...a soggy embarrassment for all involved.
It's not that good, but it could be a whole lot worse.
Despite some agreeably idiotic moments, Without a Paddle is also mostly without a rudder.
The movie does have funny moments, and there's a sweetness unusual in your standard stupid summer comedy.
It's as if somebody was telling you about a joke, rather than telling you the actual joke.
A guy film that chicks will dig, too.
Without a Paddle is also without talent, originality, anything to laugh at, or a reason to buy a ticket
Without a Paddle is so bad that it will annoy and/or bore those who have minimal standards and a high tolerance for sewage.
An eye-rolling amalgam of City Slickers and a played-for- laughs Deliverance.
It programs its cheap laughs efficiently enough to make you think you're not really wasting your time.
City Slickers remade for Three Stooges fans.
[Plays] like something even John Hughes would have left in the drawer.
We're missing more than just a paddle here.
A testosterone comedy that might just as well be titled Without a Brain Cell.
Decent performances, slightly smart dumb humor and a dash of thirtysomething nostalgia puts Without a Paddle a notch above the movie you're probably expecting
Unfortunately, most of the best stuff is in the trailer.
At least Harold and Kumar were stoned (and funny). When characters are this stupid in a movie, they deserve to be eaten by a bear.
Not as horrible as I thought, but still not necessarily worth a trip to the local movie house.
When anything is this inept, it starts to feel aggressive.
May not sink as far into the muck as most movies of its type, but despite its treasure-hunting theme it unearths no comic riches.
Not even a paddle can save this ship from sinking.
...bad almost by default, as if everyone involved had a few yuks then bailed out mid-stream...leaving the movie adrift and appropriately titled.
Without a Paddle just misses being rip-roarishly funny.
A completely silly but surprisingly funny comedy ... and a real crowd-pleaser.
This film has probably got the best action you'll ever see in a stupid comedy. Surprisingly refreshing.
Without a paddle lives up to its name; it sinks.
An unstable -- if mostly painless -- mix of low comedy, stabs at higher silliness, and schmaltz.
Charts an uncertain course between wild and mild, eventually running aground in a pile of male-bonding muck.
Add Steven Brill's Without a Paddle to that id-grinding pig-pile that includes Sorority Boys and the American Pie films.
This is a picture pretty comfortable on the bottom of a video shelf with Welcome to Mooseport.











@highlight

Without a Paddle has a few laughs, but not enough to sustain its running time.