SunShine Cleaning is a lovely little film that's more gallows than humor.
Filled with touching moments and relatable agony in the midst of financial and personal meltdowns, Blunt and Adams effortlessly portray two characters on the verge of a breakthrough...
Sunshine Cleaning a compelling and thoroughly adult picture, boasting an original plot and, in Adams and Blunt, two of the most talented young actresses working today.
Amy Adams and Emily Blunt, two fine actresses, get the opportunity to glow in strong lead roles as complex, emotionally fractured females who work hard to earn your respect -- and reclaim their own.
New directions in chick flicks: dried arterial blood sprays, maggots, and heart tugs.
Sunshine Cleaning is a decent film, especially if you already like this sort of thing, with a lot of subtlety and a desire to represent actual human beings without demonizing or beatifying any of them.
Well worth a look for those who aren't too disillusioned with the post-Juno Indie film scene.
Amy Adams sweeps through the wide-ranging role with zest, enthusiasm and just the right touch of simmering self-anger.
This is a flick about two women who go into the business of cleaning up crime scenes. Somebody should be hired to clean up the mess of a script for "Sunshine Cleaning".
More sobering than laugh-out-loud funny, Sunshine Cleaning gives full weight to the impact of death without rubbing our faces in the crime scenes.
The movie never quite knows how to tackle the material because it literally jumps all over the map...
Megan Holley's script feels like it's been Sundance-workshopped to death. However, the cast - led by Amy Adams, Emily Blunt and Alan Arkin - establishes a vibrantly odd family bond that sustains "Sunshine Cleaning" through its dimmer portions.
Sunshine Cleaning has that "Sundance" vibe, in that it feels overly developed and tested for a bittersweet 'indie" feel and for maximum quirkiness.
Driven by top-tier performances from Adams and Blunt, Sunshine Cleaning is a charming dramedy that lifts the dirt on life and death.
Shows there's nothing indie dramedies can't turn into faux-regional quirk
Not entirely insubstantial, even as the bulk evaporates from the mind.
The sort of movie you root for, hoping it'll break through to be something special. It never quite does, but it still has the not-insignificant value of two fine actresses cast as sisters. [Blu-ray]
While it may sound like Little Miss Sunshine's poor relative, or Sundance by-the-numbers, this is an enjoyable, poignant, moving and - yes - funny film in its own right.
There's close to nothing about this film that isn't contrived, forced and reminiscent of movies that twist themselves into knots to achieve Harold and Maude-like quirky charm.
Everything Amy Adams touches turns to gold, and even here where she is playing a character thoroughly down on her luck, she is luminous.
Jeffs makes a good fist of the direction and Blunt proves that she can do comedy, but it's Adams's comforting, charismatic central turn which really gives the film its lift.
Ultimately, the film is too neat, and too cloyingly sweet to tackle anything resembling real life.
Instead of something fresh and funny, this film is as formulaic and empty as any Hollywood blockbuster.
This is nearly a decent family comedy - but like the mantra-chuntering character Adams plays, it's just not confident enough of its strong points to really stand out.
Far from being a tragic grind, Sunshine Cleaning is one long, wonderful irony. It feels like a first film - delicate, fresh and female.
Jeffs shows economy in her direction and steers through the potentially difficult script with skilful handling of tone and mood, wonderfully striking balance between laughs and tears. What a relief it is to unearth this quietly sparkling gem.
Sunshine Cleaning gets an A for Amy Adams. Injecting some heartfelt, three-dimensional zest into the wispy, two-dimensional story, she spares this copycat indie's blushes and scores a winning combo with Blunt.
The film has poor commercial prospects, as its plot is too slender, its tone too blandly upbeat.
It's a film so achingly average it almost deserves an award for mediocrity.
The plot dithers and zigzags but only because human credibility, helped by excellent acting, has been allowed to prevail over Sundance-institutionalised designer whimsy.
It's not on a par with Little Miss: there's some whimsical-tragical stuff about talking to the dead via CB radio, and the producers might want to think beyond using "Sunshine" in a title again. But I would have been sorry to miss this.
Sunshine Cleaning is a winning combination of heartbreak and quirky humour.
More Life Of Grime than CSI, Sunshine Cleaning is tonally a bit messy, the characters over-coloured and the whole 'they need to clean up their own life' theme is over-tidy. But it's good to see a chick flick with guts, even if they're all over the carpet.
Sunshine Cleaning will be the sleeper of this year, a movie soon to be talked about in the same breath as Sideways, Juno and Little Miss Sunshine.
Sunshine Cleaning is not perverse for the sake of it: its eccentricities arise from characters whose lives fall outside the life guide manuals.
Could have been a little more darkly comic in places but the performances are superb.
This film is both funny and moving. It focuses on how families can provide strength in times of need.
It's worthwhile just for Adams and Blunt, a partnership made in movie heaven.
Best to take a page from Rose's métier and bleach this one fully out of sight and mind.
It's not that Sunshine Cleaning is a bad film, more that it uses the gnarly cleaning matter as bait, and then fails to deliver the goods. What remains is enjoyable, but not so much that you'd want to go back for seconds.
The payoff in this film is nowhere near as schmaltzy as in Little Miss Sunshine, for which I'm grateful. It's not great drama, but it's bittersweet, and diverting.
Occasionally it struggles to walk the line between black comedy and bleak dysfunction. Ultimately, though, this is a fresh and refreshing outing with a surprising amount of heart.
Amy Adams [is] terrific in Sunshine Cleaning but the material lets her down. It's as if it's trying to push every indie film button in the book.
Although the film isn't brilliant, the script has its moments and includes some memorable dialogue: "How'd she die?" "It was a do-it-yourself kinda thing."
The irony of the Sunshine named small enterprise specialising in cleaning up post-death mess suggests the filmmakers may be aiming for a tone of dark comic entertainment, but the film does not play out that way.
Surprisingly moving, this subtle black comedy that deals with cleaning up the mess that life dishes out, has plenty more going for it than an unusual premise.
So many things worked so well that you might not expect would %u2013 from the cheery fakery of an awkward high school reunion to the complexities of this line of work.
Taken on its own terms, though, it's a solid indie effort with plenty of nice character strokes by screenwriter Megan Holley and razor-sharp performances by Amy Adams and Emily Blunt.
The laughs are not easy to get.
It's still relatively early in the year, but this is definitely one of my favorite films so far in 2009.
It's all a bit over-baked at some moments; other moments shine with the emotional truth that one hopes to find if one must be subjected to a montage of nasty crime scenes.
They're ordinary people doing the best that they can. And that's what makes 'Sunshine Cleaning' so enjoyable for adult audiences.
Sunshine Cleaning is a movie that transcends the obstacles of its genre to sporadically soar to welcome heights. It is characterized by strong direction, skillful editing, and an ensemble cast that will be among the best of the year.
Contains enough fine moments -- to say nothing of a strong central performance by Amy Adams -- to make it a worthwhile endeavor.
A wonderful little movie with a big emotional resonance that deserves your attention.
This is a film that might clot from the pressure of too much unlikely, writerly detail if not for the elbow grease applied by its two charming stars...
Desperately quirky, with desperately quirky characters. There are no characters in this film who aren't quirky. That's a problem.
Adams' natural effervescence and Blunt's tart world-weariness come through well, but the dot-connecting screenplay and inert direction eventually leave them stranded.
[Amy Adams and Emily Blunt] suggest a whole vista of human emotion that the muddled script just kind of gestures towards in a vague way.
But while director Christine Jeffs finds the pathos in writer Megan Holleys too-quirky script, the piling on of offbeat contrivances overwhelms the emotional weight of the sisters troubled relationship.
Gently ghoulish and bittersweet
The movie around them has problems, but Amy Adams and Emily Blunt put on a first-class acting workshop.
Blame a script that, despite its early promise, goes nowhere.
Sunshine Cleaning is a small film with small storytelling problems that eventually add up.
Sunshine Cleaning is one of those dependent independent films -- dependent on the need to be "quirky" yet "heartfelt" too, and as much a slave to the formulaic as any Hollywood product.
The director, Christine Jeffs, and her gifted ensemble light up the dankest corners of the story, including the Lorkowskis' grim family secret.
Adams and Blunt rise above the clunky premise and execution to once again demonstrate why they've become the go-to girls for any director seeking smart, versatile and warm-blooded talent.
...a charming and easy-going indie treat.
If the whole thing wasn't so melodramatic every ten seconds the fun and quirkiness would have shown through far more easily.
Sunshine Cleaning is a slice of life carved so thinly it can barely stand up on its own.
Its overall ability to balance humor and drama, attention to emotional detail and a few winning performances outweighs its maudlin tendencies.
Its story is a confused muddle, and the filmmakers can't settle on a consistent tone.
Despite its two attractive leads, the movie dissolves into a missed opportunity instead of the topical alternative women's comedy Jeffs and Holley intended.
...aspires to the mantle of Little Miss Sunshine as...the Little Movie That Could. Only it can't.
Alan Arkin gives another quirky performance.
Sufficiently amusing and its stars are very appealing.
The irrepressible Adams puts a sunny face on a life that hasn't worked out, but that's worth the struggle in spite of it all.
The Lorkowskis are a family of potential waiting for the right moment to strike out into kinetic glory. Seeing them reap the rewards of determination and hard work is deeply fulfilling.
With spot-on performances and a creative screenplay by Megan Holley, Sunshine Cleaning is funny, sweet and full of insight. It's a small film with a big heart.
There are too many side stories cluttering things but there is a good deal of familial heart...
Little more than a long series of misfires, Sunshine Cleaning is no Litte Miss Sunshine.
Even with such a familiar story arc the characters - both dead and alive - leave behind vivid memories when the movie's over.
Despite its wandering aim, the disjointed film remains strangely likable.
Sunshine Cleaning should have been a madcap comedy of the macabre, or a tangled yarn about the metaphorical biohazards of living life at the margins, but it shoots for the middle and ends up being just that: middling.
The actresses are excellent. The movie is a bloody mess.
Sunshine Cleaning emerges as that rare American specimen -- a strong movie about women.
This one is scripted, directed and acted with grace and immaculate care.
Lifted by a trio of fine performances, Sunshine Cleaning thrives on the unexpected and revels in the low-key.
Credit director Christine Jeffs and writer Megan Holley with revealing the sisters' pained back story ever so gently.
It'd all be a waste of film stock if it weren't for Amy Adams.
It's rare, but sometimes one talented star can make any project shine. Amy Adams is that talented.
Adams and Blunt are spectacular. Balancing out Rose's grit-your-teeth optimism is Norah's furrowed-brow cynic. Two halves of one aching (w)hole.
Parental Content Review
It has been cast with such a wonderful group of actors that it is almost, but not quite, possible to forget just how silly, derivative and hackneyed everything else about it is.
Aims to be bittersweet and lighthearted, but its frothy side and unfocused narrative have misplaced the necessary depth needed for the story to take full flight. Sunshine Cleaning misses the mark, not because of what is there, but what isn't.
Sunshine Cleaning is a dark, slightly off-bubble dramedy powered by a sweet, sincere, oddball charm that somehow manages to strike a balance between humor and tragedy...
Directed by Christine Jeffs, Sunshine Cleaning has more than its share of indie clichés, but it's wonderfully cast and often a pleasure to watch.
There should be a self-healing book for film performers titled "When Bad Scripts Happen to Good Actors." And the cast of Sunshine Cleaning should get a group discount.
Certain narrative events in Sunshine Cleaning%u2014a fire, for one%u2014are more about dramatic convenience than the mess of real life. It helps to have actresses as vibrant as Adams and Blunt around.
Christine Jeffs has assembled an accomplished cast for the dramedy from screenwriter Megan Holley. They are wonderful in a film that reverberates with the tensions and comic desperation of the similarly themed Little Miss Sunshine.
It's every overhyped indie you've seen, and maybe didn't like, and yet it's often quite likable.
It's an honest little movie, well written by Megan Holley, well directed by Christine Jeffs, and very well played by Amy Adams and Emily Blunt as the sisters.
Adams and Blunt are a great team and provide Sunshine Cleaning with nearly all of its potency, pain and emotional payoff, as sisters trying to avoid their own tragedy while cleaning up the mess of others.
At times, the movie works, but those are the times it (and even we) forget what it's really about.
Formulaic, "gritty" indie films don't get much more cloying or pointless... it's as generic as generic indie gets.
Perhaps the most compelling reason to see Sunshine Cleaning is the pairing of two of the best and most charismatic young actresses today.
[F]eels like a breath of fresh air even though, honestly, I've seen this kind of thing plenty before...
Ultimately I left the film kind of feeling indifferent towards the characters on screen.
I found this to be a really sweet, credible story -- it's emotional but rarely heavy-handed.
The best thing to come out of Sunshine Cleaning is the confirmation that Adams, one of Hollywood's most delightful comediennes, is also capable of piercing drama.
...where 1996's "Curdled" was a bad film that used its subject [crime scene cleanup] for exploitation, Jeffs has somehow made it melancholy and profound.
Amy Adams brings a fresh spin to deep hurts and a spark to her determination to get things right.
Despite occasional nuances, we can see from a long way off where Sunshine Cleaning is headed.
Funny and sentimental, Sunshine Cleaning avoids treading into Lifetime movie of the week territory by way of its skillful ensemble featuring the utterly charming combination of Adams and Blunt.
Funny and easy going family comedy with a feeling similar to "Little Miss Sunshine." A steady pace and good comedic chops combine with positive life values for an attractive package
Christine Jeffs is great with her actors, and takes a light, witty approach to the material that largely steers the movie away from the maudlin.
A festival film par excellence--one that withers when removed from that special Sundance atmosphere.
A terrifically quirky and entertaining character comedy that's pure sunshine itself.
Has a lively cast, emotionally raw performances, plenty of charisma and a little quirkiness which just barely compensates for its awkward blend of dark comedy and drama as well as its somewhat contrived plot.
This bittersweet comedy is a fine showcase for a pair of distinctive and appealing talents.
Although Adams and Blunt work hard at giving dimension to their characters, they can't overcome the fact that the story is essentially a greatest hits of family trauma.
This is a good film to see once, but we aren't sure you are going to want to watch it again and again.
Unlike most movies that deal with women's issues, this is one that can be enjoyed equally by guys rather than being so fueled by estrogen that it's unbearable.
Amy Adams in the best performance of the young year.
Adult dramedy has unusual mix of laughs, gore, heavy themes.
Seeing the results of a good cleaning is one thing, but actually watching the transformation occur during a good hard scrubbing leads to far more fulfillment.
Amy Adams impeccable from beginning to end, and her cheerful moxie is proving to be a valuable commodity in film after film, partly because it's deceptive. But there's a better film somewhere inside this story.
None of the cast members can breathe life into this pale little enterprise. The whole thing has the weight and substance of one of Adams' pained little sighs.
A better title for the movie...would be Sundance Recycling, since the picture is less a free-standing independent film than a scrap-metal robot built after a shopping spree at the Park City Indie Parts and Salvage Warehouse.
This is a movie that, even with the slightly lurid nature of some of the subject matter, is as endearing and loveable as these things get, the finished product so much fun to watch I really didn't want it to end.
A delightful dramedy propelled by the winsome performances of Amy Adams, Emily Blunt, and Alan Arkin
Though the script has its share of contrivances -- maybe more than its share -- the director and her co-stars, Amy Adams and Emily Blunt, bring a steadfast sense of truth to the story of two sisters trying to jump-start their stuck lives and grow up.
Though this well-observed, wry drama is determined to be quirky, its most endearing quality, like that of its heroines, is a willingness to wallow in foul moods and come out the other side.
A smartly done morality tale that couldn't be more in sync with these troubled times.
A sweet and appealing, if familiar, concoction.
A lot of Sunshine Cleaning is about the kindness of strangers -- relying on others to get by, gaining strength by being the person someone else leans on -- but it also knows just how strange kindness can be.
Adams and Blunt are just as determined to make this movie work as the Lorkowskis are to better their lot in life. Their luminescence and pluck, not to mention those two hypnotizing sets of eyeballs, carry the day.
The filmmakers genuinely like both sisters, and we do too.
Pitting it against Little Miss Sunshine in a poverty death match seems miserly, particularly when few complain about the comparative glut of movies about men waving guns
The tenderhearted performances -- from Amy Adams and Emily Blunt -- and glowing characters in Sunshine Cleaning never get a chance to burst through a foggy plot about sisters scrubbing up after grisly crime scenes.
Rose is unhappy, delusional, and not entirely virtuous, but Amy Adams makes it easy to invest in the idea of her happy ending.
The film's secondhand feel wouldn't be so problematic if it had a sense of urgency, but director Christine Jeffs' ambitions begin and end with transferring Megan Holley's earnest script from the page to the screen.
Adams is simply extraordinary, turning every moment into a highly affecting tug-of-war between the past and the future.
Because Adams and Blunt bring their best to the roles, the feature carefully avoids the pitfalls of convention, becoming a familiar story executed with unexpected gravitas.
This funny and touching movie depends on two can-do actresses to scrub past the biohazard of noxious clichés that threaten to intrude. Adams and Blunt get the job done. They come highly recommended.
[The film] benefits greatly from the inspired casting by director Christine Jeffs and her team, and the insights into loss and motherhood professed by Megan Holley's screenplay.
Truly lovely performances by Adams and Blunt pierce the thoroughly artificial climate.
It's a laugh-out-loud, cry-until-you-blubber sister-buddy movie that works because of the two stars' naturalistic acting on screen and a plucky, original script.
Adams, forging ahead gamely, keeps it aloft.
The overall lack of sentimentality in first-timer Megan Holley's script and straightforward direction from Christine Jeffs keep the film from becoming too predictably feel-good; at the same time, the strong performances help elevate among similar fare.
...tries too hard to mold itself into an indie formula.
Not a great movie, but disarmingly entertaining -- especially when you have to rub your eyes to believe what you're seeing (or cover them to avoid what you're not seeing).
Sunshine Cleaning is made of sterner stuff than the usual chick flick, and is well worth the time of all serious moviegoers.
Emily Blunt may just be the best comic actress of her generation.
Yet another willful, comically tortured "indie" coated with Hollywood's happy-ending sheen.
The performances are all amiable and sympathetic enough, but Sunshine Cleaning is nothing if not the Ghost of Sundance Past.
Inevitable comparisons will be made with the superior Little Miss Sunshine (Alan Bates stars in both). Jeffs' compromised film veers between offbeat comedy and a message feature.
One is hard pressed to find any cinematic personality to Sunshine Cleaning.
Zany postmortem hick flick with New Mexico sisterhood in scrubs, channel surfing for mom, and beyond the call of duty girl bonding over an edible necklace. Sunshine Cleaning is economic crisis cinema on the grim side, but irresistibly Albu-quirky.
Yet another small but sweet film featuring a dysfunctional family comprised of quirky characters caught up in curious circumstances.












@highlight

Despite a sometimes overly familiar plot, Sunshine Cleaning benefits from the lively performances of its two stars.