A message of competitive independence permeates debut director Jessica Bendinger's spunky movie about Haley Graham (Missy Peregrym) a headstrong gymnast-disguised-as-rebel who learns to embrace her talents by way of careful coaching from Jeff Bridges.
Like most sports movies, Stick It has a message: Unless they're equipped with loads of sass-back and a pile of band T-shirts that announce their hardcoreness, female gymnasts are really, really stupid.
A middle-aged white guy who's not a perv can actually enjoy the snappy dialogue, astounding athletics and solidly sentimental sports clichés.
an essence of by-mistake-80s-homage is the only thing keeping this movie at the crust of the rest of made for TV teen flicks
Stick It was not made for fat, bald guys in their mid-30s. So is it a big surprise that I didn't like the movie?
...sample line of dialogue: "I'm so sure I'm practically deodorant!"
'This sport is a total joke!' fumes the spunky gymnast heroine of Stick It, a sentiment that will be shared by anyone who wastes their hard-earned on this silly teen comedy.
Missy Peregrym is a real find - she gives an energetic, funny and extremely physical performance, to the point where you feel exhausted just watching her.
Star Missy Peregrym shows more promise in her first feature, despite the fact that her teenage years are clearly behind her, and her charismatic screen presence enlivens an otherwise dull film.
The script fights well against the cliche-ridden plot but this is very average all round.
Snappy dialog and some prickly satire give it an edge most of these youthful romps lack.
This is a movie for fourteen-year-olds that feels like it's been written by one.
Stick It is an enjoyable kids' film with a tough group of gals who have an appreciation for gymnastics and claim that what they do is harder than being a Navy SEAL.
Writer director Jessica Bendiger has in part differentiated the film by giving it an indie feel. But the storyline is misguided in that it suggests that bad sportsmanship is to be admired.
For a film whose characters value authenticity and natural talent, it's ironic that Stick It's rebellious nature is more of a fashion statement than state of mind and its showstopping physical feats...are computer-aided.
Bridges maintains his dignity as best he can, but Peregrym fails to convince, either as a teenager or as a gymnast.
Bendinger's film is a mess. That's really all there is to it.
Missy Peregrym is the second coming of Nancy McKeon (do I want to kiss her, or get her to change my oil?).
Comes unglued about two thirds of the way through
Bridges, as always, turns in dependable work as the hard-nosed coach Vickerman, but the character comes with a little too much backstory that neither advances the plot nor finds resolution.
Peregrym lands on her feet, even if the movie doesn't.
Halfway through, you'll be ready to tell the people behind this malnourished rubbish exactly where they can stick it.
A deliriously, defiantly unfocused headrush...
The film attempts, and fails, to move in directions dramatically that are just beyond the reach of the director, Jessica Bendinger, who wrote the nearly identical "Bring It On."
This film is about as bitchy and mean spirited as you can and still have sweetness and light all around at the end.
I love Jeff Bridges, but watching him mumble and stumble his way through this part, I wondered if maybe he was up before a judge who gave him two choices -- jail or starring in a really bad gymnastics movie.
"Stick It" is a movie full of attitude, eye candy and action.
This is no rah-rah spandex-strutting teen flick. It's a pointed human drama with plenty to say about the unfair, borderline child-abusive sport of gymnastics, with its archaic, dense scoring system.
Jeff Bridges has never been better than he is here as a coach who uses authority, patience and humor to motivate the gymnasts in his charge.
For teens only.
hopes to distract us with several montages of scantily clad leotard wearing jail bait girls working out, dancing, performing their gymnastics routines and acting as sassy as possible. If you are under 18, YAY! If you are older, SHAME ON YOU!
I liked the passion with which the story argued its point about unfairness in gymnastic judging. But - and this is a big but - I didn't believe the plot twist that is used to make the point.
In Stick It attitude comes before all else. Attitude runs crazy -- cartwheeling, handspringing, bird-flipping attitude.
It would of course be irresponsible of me to say that all teenage girls will love this movie. But I can say, with some certainty, that more than a few twenty-five year old boys will like it.
There is a positive message in the film, often obscured by the bogus punk attitude.
Yes, we're in the world of elite gymnastics, and Jessica Bendinger's Stick It is an enjoyable exercise in girl power.
It's a credit to [writer/director] Bendinger's attention to the little details that make Stick It feel so unique and entertaining -- poking fun at elite-level child athletics while still respecting its young characters and their feelings.
Stick It has a clunky script, a game cast and swell bodies in motion. It would have been better if [director] Bendinger tried to tell it more than sell it.
Though the film's twist is an entertaining jolt to the standard sports story, its vision of integrity over points is executed with a surprising lack of finesse.
While Bendinger retains her writer's ear for the way teen girls talk, joke and taunt, she doesn't always run a tight ship as director.
A spirited, dizzyingly athletic movie about female rites of passage within the bitchy, competitive world of Olympics training.
"Stick It" should serve competitive gymnastics in much the same way "Bring It On" celebrated cheerleading.
For what it is, this is a cut above the tween film genre.
Stick It can't stand up under too much scrutiny. It's cliched and contrived, but it does play well to its target audience of young females.
Unfortunately, [Jessica] Bendinger's directorial debut is far more formulaic [than Bring It On].
Stick It doesn't have an original bone in its buffed body. It's been molded from all the sports-as-salvation movies that Bring It On so adroitly spoofed.
Unfortunately, the Bring It On formula has already been imitated so many times that it's become tired.
Too lazy to perfect its own routine...[but] a surprisingly appealing vacation, from sense to sensibility.
If this sounds like an old ABC After-School Special, it certainly could be.
Stick It is a melodrama that doesn't know when to turn off the waterworks.
This started with a lower degree of difficulty and the execution had some flaws.
Cast and crew together take a nasty spill with this piece of acrobatic formula fluff.
For all this gymnast-lingo about "sticking the landing," the movie still falls flat on its rear.
Stick It wants to be another movie.
All the sizzling attitude of a great floor routine, and all of the discipline and heart as well.
Three cheers for a feisty, break-all-the-rules heroine who is a bold innovator in the grueling world of competitive gymnastics.
the heroines' motto might as well be, "I am Airhead, hear me roar"... The derriere-level cameras ensure that Bendinger's female-empowerment fantasy features plenty of cheesecake.
The use of the prim but rigorous world of women's gymnastics as a setting for teen rebellion is so strained it leaves the pic's ode to personal authenticity feeling as phony as a dubious decision by a competition judge.
... a frothy girl-power manifesto so briskly paced, sharply written and infectiously entertaining that its deficiencies seem as insignificant as a lightly chipped fingernail.
Subversively funny ...
Writer-director Jessica Bendinger, an ex-model, veteran of Sex and the City and fun girl comedies, throws away more good lines than most teen comedies can muster.
No one talks like this in real life, and certainly not all the members of any group, but it is fun to listen to, and eminently quotable.
... smarter and funnier than it has any right to be.
A spry teenage comedy that gets everything right, Stick It takes the usual batch of underdogs, dirt bags, mean girls and bimbos and sends them somersaulting through happy clichés and unexpected invention.
Rarely is a sports movie so inept that it can't even make its central figure likable.
Stick It gets stuck deciding where it's going. Is it a) the story of a wayward teen who straightens up; b) a gymnastics version of Clueless; or c) just a way to blow 100 minutes? From the looks of it, the right answer may be 'c.'
... uneven teen sports drama ...
On every other level, the film is thoroughly ordinary, with the only distinction being Bridges' typically unaffected and engaging performance.
See it with your favorite disgruntled kid.
Bendinger, who wrote for rock magazine Spin, has figured out a way to salute female competition and unity.
Stick It uses the story of a gymnast's comeback attempt as a backdrop for overwrought visual effects, music videos, sitcom dialogue and general pandering.
Stick It ends up as just another disposable teen movie.
It might not have anything to do with real life, but this screenwriter's version of how girls are alternately bitchy and touchy-feely is entertaining.
But that duality disappears, almost on a dime, at the midpoint, and as it does I could literally watch Bridges stop caring about the man pretty much altogether.
Regardless of the effort, the director can't hide that she's made a spastic and ultimately directionless film.
Stick It is shrill, unrepentantly lame and will surely disappoint any fan of gymnastics as Bendinger substitutes some kind of Olympic-sized political statement in place of a big, rousing finale.
It's appropriate that `Stick It' even has a title that sneers, for watching the movie is like spending an hour supervising detention.
We already have Bring It On, and it's on basic cable 17 times a day. We don't need another one, as it's already been brought.
Stick It may be tough to stick out unless you're a girl between the ages of 11 and 16.
Writer/director Jessica Bendinger breathes new life into old cliches... with attitude, cheeky humor and youthful energy.
Should go where the sun don't shine, all right, and that's at the bottom of DVD bargain bins.
There are some great gymnastics stories out there. This isn't one of them.
The film strives for some type of a girl-empowerment message that equates trading one type of conformity for another with self-determination but muffs the dismount and stumbles on the landing. In other words, it fails to Stick It.
The film is as bland as an Afterschool Special.
Stick It isn't groundbreaking material, but at least it keeps its balance.
Stick It suggests gymnasts use its title as a battle cry for what the coaches and judges should do with the pommel horse.
Is it a movie or an episode of Real Sports? It veers into fresh territory but not dramatically satisfying territory.
Stick It appears to be one kind of movie, but the kind of movie it actually is, is more original.
An indelicately titled but inventive, energetic fable about reconciling reality and roaring egos, it is a movie almost totally reliant on well-developed character, quick-witted repartee and mercurial relationships.
In terms of eye candy, Stick It is a feast. Unfortunately, the film is a famine in just about every other regard.
Where Bring It On found fans well outside its theoretical demographic, Stick It is unlikely to follow suit.
Tween and teen girls will love it, though. And regardless of age (or gender), it does make you want to put down the Junior Mints and head to the gym.
Stay away from this cliché-ridden script. ... Stay at home and watch gymnastics on ESPN instead.
Fake punk-rock has its own visual language, and the opening minutes of Stick It--movie about that most punk-rock of sports, gymnastics--piles on the "Do The Dew" clichés
Jessica Bendinger looks to do for gymnastics what her Bring It On did for cheerleading: namely, give a stereotypically girlie-girl activity some defiant, individualistic attitude.





@highlight

Director Jessica Bendinger is unable to transfer her winning Bring It On formula to the world of gymnastics, despite Missy Peregrym's strong lead performance.