The whole thing felt like such a waste of time. I squinted at the screen, trying in vain to find a point.
Damien Chazelle gives us a human film... [Full review in Spanish]
Visually stunning. It makes Los Angeles look a lot prettier than it actually does.
Ambitious, hopeful and loving... a celebration of musical culture.
From its exuberant opening musical number, set atop a traffic-jammed Los Angeles freeway overpass, La La Land announces its intention to win your heart through whimsy.
Taking his love for jazz music, director/writer Damien Chazelle breathes new life into the old Hollywood musical genre much like 2011's The Artist did for silent cinema.
This is totally a love letter to those old school movies with old school musicals of old-school Hollywood and it does it much better than movies who try to do it now.
La La Land is the best movie I've ever seen.
La La Land is a bit like its Oscar-winning song, City of Stars: it may seem slight, but in the end, it's the little things you remember most.
La La Land may not reach the greatness of the classic musicals that Chazelle clearly adores, but to borrow from J.K. Simmons' jazz taskmaster in Whiplash: good job.
"La La Land" serves not only as a paean to young love and the thousands of dreamers striving to catch a break every day in LA, but also as a beautiful tribute to the city at its magical best.
One minute in and I was bewitched. And from there it just kept on getting better.
... an original, distinctive, smart, witty work, whose use of its materials and allusions is utterly contemporary.
Gosling and Stone are adorable; they comport themselves well enough at singing and dancing, and the effervescence of the work gives their somewhat amateurish routines a shaggy charm.
Director Damien Chazelle shoots for the stars and then breathtakingly frames his leads dancing together in the moonlight
If Gene Kelly, Woody Allen and Steve Martin had a chance to collaborate, the result might be La La Land, the remarkable new movie by precocious young writer/director Damien Chazelle.
With its candy-coated color palette and Emma Stone's earth-shattering performance, there's plenty of love found within La La Land.
To call La La Land amazing would be an understatement. Damien Chazelle's new LA-set musical is absolute perfection.
Here it is: the musical that won an Oscar but had the statuette taken away one minute later.
Gosling shines as a prickly Jazz purist, who conceals his emotions while Stone stands out as the sparkly girl, whose eyes speak a million words. Together they are magical and so is this eternal love ballad that will change the way you look at life.
Gosling's effortless-looking performance is relaxed, understated and, thanks to months of piano lessons, totally convincing. But it's Stone who captures the heart, with a performance that runs the full emotional gamut.
Stone and Gosling, at the top of their respective games, are delightful to watch together.
The wayward side effect of casting Gosling as this jazz whisperer is that La La Land becomes a Trojan horse white-savior film.
La La Land endeavors to show us that while it may take hard work and bitter sacrifice to reach our destination, every choice along the way, including whether or not to keep going, is up to the dreamer.
La La Land may look like the world that we dream about, but it also understands the cruelty that can come out of (or undermine) those dreams.
With Hollywood churning out comic book superheroes and sequels, La La Land is a welcome relief, one that is truly original and celebrates music.
There is a reason that La La Land is the best film of the year.
La La Land engaged my senses in the moment, and will certainly do so any time I watch it, but it will not linger like a haunting refrain. Sadly, it didn't go to my head.
La La Land is a virtuoso production that gives us all something to sing (and dance) about.
La La Land is actually a love story for jazz, with a leading male character who likes to mansplain very loudly and intently whenever he gets the chance about just how important jazz music is and how he will be the saviour jazz music needs.
Writer/director Damien Chazelle's La La Land offers a delightful, exuberant indulgence in song and dance in the Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers tradition.
For all their crazy chemistry, the stars of Hollywood's new musical, La La Land, don't actually sing or dance all that well. Somewhat surprisingly, this actually makes the movie work.
With its occasional forays into alternate realities and dreamy, keyed-up atmosphere, La La Land plays sort of like a cheerful Mulholland Dr., but shares none of that movie's cynicism.
The movie has charm, at least, if nothing else. And as an attempt to pay homage to a vanishing world, La La Land is as dutiful as it is endearing - sweet, if a little sour, too.
La La Land is unapologetically nostalgic for dreams, and the dream factory itself.
Damien Chazelle's new musical, La La Land, lacks this secret sauce of musicals: his characters have no particular reason, no real urgency, for bursting into song.
La La Land is a heartwarming, but not nauseating, story that will leave you feeling good when you walk out of the theater.
La La Land touts itself as a love letter to movie musicals, but it fails to honor the memory of films like Singing In The Rain and West Side Story through its casting choices.
While (the film has) an optimistic, positive message, it loses potency by showing just how little room there is for real life - with all its compromises and challenges - in the dreams of its main characters.
This bittersweet musical valentine to Los Angeles - which stars Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling - is delivered with MGM magic and Jacques Demy's earthbound élan.
Utterly justifying why it caused such a big song and dance. Joyous.
It's a story as old as Hollywood and jazz, and Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone feel like a pairing for the ages.
For all that, for all the time and effort the movie took, very little passion comes through.
"La La Land" takes a city of broken dreams and gives us characters that are willing to take chances in spite of tasting that bitter pill of reality.
It's a wonderful throwback to the golden era of musicals with a 21st century sheen.
a bright, energetic, buzzy blast of show biz dreams and romantic fantasy, a classic story with a pair of beautiful and charismatic young stars... who meet cute, clash instantly, and dance their way to romance during a walk through the Hollywood Hills.
With its gorgeous visuals, captivating narrative, and phenomenal music, La La Land easily earns its place as the very best film of 2016.
La La Land reflects the classic musicals just like Peter Jackson's The Hobbit reflects The Lord of the Rings: you can recognize the inspiration, but can't avoid thinking the originals were much better. [Full review in Portuguese.]
There are so many moments that left me wanting to clap with joy, and the ending managed to both break my swelling heart and make it swell again.
Don't get me wrong, LA LA LAND is fun and cutesy, and made me leave the theater with a big, goofy smile on my face. But there's one distinct difference between good movie musicals and great movie musicals.
In the end, La La Land is one of those rare achievements: a movie dream within a dream.
A film with a scenic exuberance that resembles a patina in primary colors of the very vintage almanac of a disappeared and endearing world, and that tries to mythologize to Los Angeles like the capital of the dreams. [Full review in Spanish]
A huge, ambitious, color-soaked film, it's about 80 percent successful at following through on its goal to bring back the American musical.
There's a melancholy to La La Land that makes it linger.
La La Land doesn't swing. "Hustle and Flow" is a much better musical.
A film for the crazy ones who dare to dream, without forgetting the inescapable adversities and the sacrifices that can be quite stormy. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a nostalgic dynamism that secretes a powerful and calmly positive current that summarizes and unifies all the negative energies. [Full review in Spanish]
An exceptional film that pays homage to classic musicals while building its own instant classic status. [Full review in Spanish]
Under the inherent optimism of musicals, La La Land hides a melancholic flow that will inevitably will captivate the audience. [Full review in Spanish]
An instant classic that celebrates the city of Los Angeles as well as Hollywood musicals, in the hands of a director and actors who modernize the genre of musicals. [Full review in Spanish]
An endearing and friendly film that, among its many successes, confirms in its protagonists two new stars for the Hollywood industry. [Full review in Spanish]
The story is solid, albeit a bit predictable at times, the songs, choreography, and costume design are all so stunning, and the cinematography and lighting are the best I've seen in years. Definitely give La La Land a visit.
A love story that has a final sequence that is as devastating as, paradoxically, hopeful. [Full review in Spanish]
A fable with an dreamy atmosphere and a realistic and current message. [Full review in Spanish]
The most nominated film of this year's Oscars is also a fresh re-elaboration of musical cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
La La Land is exciting and amazing, is a modern fable and a musical of the 21st century. It makes you want to continue watching and maybe try some dance steps. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a pity that La La Land fled from cliche to incur in what is consider cliche. At its best, the movie flirts with the ghosts of professional frustration, only to return to the most rude pretentions. [Full review in Spanish]
La La Land gives two hours of pure and genuine entertainment that ratify Chazelle no longer as a promise but as one of the most talented directors on the current scene. [Full review in Spanish]
An imperfect film but with a lot of identity, and for the Hollywood atmosphere accustomed to formalities, that's very transcendental. [Full review in Spanish]
What makes these moments of mouth-a-gap wonder truly great is the beating heart of a love story that gives La La Land that depth and momentum and demands an investment of heart and soul. In Chazelle's hands, it's a safe investment indeed.
It's just gorgeous, like a flipbook made of dreamy vintage postcards that are somehow about contemporary life in Los Angeles.
La La Land is a beautiful modern homage to the classic musicals from yesteryear and a love letter to all those people struggling to follow their dreams. [Full review in Spanish]
A film where every single piece clicks perfectly into place ... there are numerous moments that look and feel instantly iconic.
The extended final sequence takes everything that has occurred and remakes it so that happiness seemingly lasts for both a few perfect moments and many years. It's incandescent and heartbreaking at the same time.
A sophisticated tap routine on the tombs of the great masters of the genre, taking care not to destroy the tombstones. [Full review in Spanish]
La La Land offers a warming, renewing sense of magic and hope in the world, the perfect antidote to all the chaos of the present. In the end it's an unapologetically bona fide love affair with love and dreams.
A film that works like a fine string watch, like a soft and elegant mechanism that breathes the rhythm of jazz melancholy and classic dreams of Hollywood. [Full review in Spanish]
Chazelle's vision of LA is unnervingly whitewashed, and the film could do with another original song, but his inventive cinematography and joyous spirit will leave you inspired -- and dying to see what he does next.
A beautiful film that evades corniness and low punches with spontaneous moments of realism and otherwise, is extremely effective as a comedy, romance and musical. [Full review in Spanish]
"La La Land" deserves all the awards and praises it has received so far, and more. It's an ode to jazz, cinema, theater, classical musicals and love. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that has a very good choreography and production design but its director/writer spoils much of the democratic and popular pleasure that the great classic musicals of Hollywood used to had. [Full review in Spanish]
A bittersweet musical with scenarios that suppurate a vintage aura inspired by classic Hollywood and with the brilliant performances of Gosling and Stone. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a perfect acting combination and explosive musical numbers that would restore faith in the magic of Hollywood and Broadway. [Full review in Spanish]
Although it seems a little overrated to me, it's an enjoyable and well made film and entertains.If you like musicals, I recommend it. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that achieves a classic style, evoking musicals from the 30's, 50's and the new French wave, but at the same time it has a contemporary touch. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that goes from a romantic comedy to drama to the rhythm of pop and jazz, while criticizing the frivolity of Los Angeles. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that causes fascination because is capable of providing a different reading and ending for each individual in spite of the naive ambiguity of its lyricism. [Full review in Spanish]
A beautiful film that touches the soul through its colors, performances, soundtrack, photography, light, and above all, for its story. [Full review in Spanish]
Alas, the stylized, wall-to-wall inauthenticity pries out the emotional heart of this modern-day musical fantasy, leaving it needless and empty.
La La Land is cinematic magic in its purest form.
A rare example of a musical with dramatic integrity; a beautiful dream.
A toasty splash of sound and color .
Somehow manages to be a feel-good triumph as well as a darkly honest exploration of the quest for fame and romance in Los Angeles.
Chazelle makes retro chic feel richly contemporary.
Joyous, romantic and achingly stylish.
La La Land remembers when movies were magical and fun, blending nostalgia and contemporaneity in a candy-sweet love letter to cinema.
Chazelle's movie is a must-see experience and an instant classic, entirely worthy of the adulation and awards that have come its way.
It's preposterous, ludicrous - and it's exactly the film we need right now.
Chazelle pulls it off magnificently, helped by the fearless commitment of his two leads.
It can be exhilarating, thanks to Chazelle's marvelous use of space and color, and thanks to Justin Hurwitz's lovely score.
A good movie with amazing musical sequences and charismatic protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]
An old fashioned movie that at the same time is tremendously modern and also nostalgic, romantic, magical and unique. [Full review in Spanish]
A fizzy surprise.
A film that starts as an explosion of therapeutic vitality with contagious dance and music admirably filmed while telling a playful and warm love story. [Full review in Spanish]
Chazelle has taken a big gamble with this homage. It could have turned out horribly twee and sentimental. Instead the picture celebrates a movie-making form from yesteryear with dazzling visual technique and a huge dollop of charm.
It is simply a splendid continuation of cinema's ever-evolving love affair with song and dance.
A marvel. Funny and exuberant and bittersweet and cliché-busting and unexpected as hell. We are going to need more movies like this one.
Be prepared to go Ga Ga over La La.
Sweet-natured in a time of often bitter cynicism, this buoyantly uplifting fable sets the soul soaring and the heart beating.
It's not hard to see the appeal - or indeed admire the ambition of Chazelle, who's still in his early 30s (La La Land is only his third movie).
Chazelle takes his cue from past masters of the musicals from Fred Astaire to Jacques Demy. He brings an infectious energy to a film that fizzes like vintage Champagne and has all the colour and sparkle of exploding fireworks.
It's as gorgeous in its gloom as in its wonderfully shameless whimsy. It's a dizzying whirlwind of romance and sorrow, cinema to make you swoon.
A film that will possibly become the last hero of a dying genre that everybody will be talking about, at least for a few years. [Full review in Spanish]
An absolute delight, a great musical and an exquisite chant dedicated to love. [Full review in Spanish]
La La Land ravishes from densely populated beginning to eye-moistening denouement.
It's too long, the music isn't great, and I can't stand all the brightly colored twirling skirts.
The film is at its most convincing in those intimate exchanges between Gosling, with his melted eyes, and Stone, with her anime face.
La La Land with caveats is still more wonderful than almost anything else.
If it were any more enchanting, the musical romantic comedy La La Land ... would break your heart.
The rare kind of spellbinding, wonderful film that has reviewers like me tripping over themselves to find new superlatives for describing it.
Every moment of La La Land is worth living through because of Stone and Gosling, and Chazelle, whose direction is alive to the thrill of duets, first kisses and getting on with the show, even when you just want to cry backstage.
An engaging yet far-from-flawless modern musical...
A formidable film where Stone and Gosling will make you leave the cinema singing and dancing your frustrations away. [Full review in Spanish]
La La Land is an ode to those who are brave enough to dream big and for that reason alone it deserves a standing ovation.
It's almost impossible not to fall in love with Damien Chazelle's musical masterpiece La La Land.
As a romance it's perfect -- mostly because the two leads have such incredible chemistry -- and as a musical it works even for those who don't love musicals.
Chazelle's depiction of career conflict and erotic attraction in Mia and Sebastian's romance ... prevents La La Land from being a satisfying movie musical. He imitates the generic form but never imbues it with feeling.
Open-hearted gushy romanticism in CinemaScope. What's not to love?
Audacious, retro, funny and heartfelt, La La Land is the latest great musical for people who don't like musicals - and will slap a mile-wide smile across the most miserable of faces.
Could have been a grand folly but instead it's just grand. Will make audiences break into grins like its characters break into song.
Not just a bona fide masterpiece, but also the best film of the year bar none, capturing the true nature of Hollywood and Los Angeles in a way that's both unconventional and surprising.
La La Land is itself a hugely successful and joyous hybrid of the arts, or to quote the film's rousing opening song Another Day of Sun: "a Technicolor world made out of music and machine".
For a film that easily could have just been ripe with clichés, La La Land is instead refreshingly different, and is sure to be a hit with audiences as a result.
La La Land's song-and-dance never feels routine, knowing when to soar and when to come, tapping, down to earth.
This is a colorful, energetic, vibrant, heartfelt throwback to this once wildly popular film genre, but the singing and dancing isn't really up to the level of the rest of the film.
"La La Land" is a mirage, a self-satisfied illusion that tries and fails to sanctify a heap of classics that don't require its sanctification.
La La Land is more a companion piece to Whiplash, expressing similarly ambivalent and conflicted attitudes to the creative process.
La La Land is finely cut, A-grade nostalgia that proves nigh-on-impossible to resist.
Here's to the fools who dream.
An impeccably accomplished film that is also passionate and vital, and takes formal risks in its unstoppable first forty minutes. [Full review in Spanish]
Surreal, romantic and a strong contender for Best Picture at the Academy Awards.
This delightful extravaganza revives the big-screen musical -- and how.
La La Land is a worthy showcase for the magnificent Stone's talents, and she is heartbreaking throughout.
Trying to court Mia, Sebastian sings "What a waste of lovely light." Unfortunately, that's about the size of it.
A modern lover story with a healthy dose of homage.
It's a slight, often affecting story that mixes the confusion of contemporary life with nostalgic yearning for a time when the whole boy-meets-girl thing was less complicated.
It's an easy film to enjoy, even love. But it's unwise to carry that love to any irrational extremes. Me? I'd be very careful tossing gold statues in its direction.
Despite its failings, there's a lot of magic in this movie.
La La Land shows that you can make a highly personal, intimate movie and still use the style of an old-fashioned, cast-of-hundreds musical.
If you haven't already fallen for this gauzy romp through the city of Angels at this point, you surely will during the last scene, with its bittersweet homage to the way times goes by.
Anchored by the two great performances from its leads, terrific musical numbers and stylish direction, La La Land is a proper crowd-pleaser and a heartfelt salute to old Hollywood that harkens back to the past in order to create something fresh.
Of course movie critics love this film; shamelessly referential, it clearly loves movies as much as we do. But don't let that scare you. Chazelle's filmmaking is at once virtuosic and instinctive.
[Chazelle's] filmmaking exuberance and the energy and sweetness of his two stars give this thin soup considerable tang.
No, you don't need to have seen any of [La La Land's] reference points to find it pleasurable and often exquisite entertainment.
This is why we go to movies.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are shaping up to be today's equivalent of Garland and Rooney, this third outing (after Crazy, Stupid, Love and Gangster Squad) demonstrating yet again their chemistry and endearing camaraderie.
Chazelle's graceful camera work is thrilling, his timing impeccably tied to sumptuous images that are as delightful as the leads on screen.
Longing for an old Hollywood musical?... Look no further, movie fan.
It asks what the characters of a Cinemascope musical would have to dream about, and answers with a finale that lifts the film to a higher plane of wish fulfillment and melancholy.
...fans of 2011's big award winner 'The Artist' are in for a treat... greater than the sum of its parts. PG-13 for language and criminal use of the a-ha song "Take On Me."
The cinematography and special effects are fantastic, but don't actually compensate for a weak storyline, and forgettable musical numbers.
La La Land is a Christmas miracle for these coldhearted times: a vibrant and emotive present that warms the soul with good cheer as a celebration of a film genre and the indefatigable human spirit.
With the first musical number in La La Land, I thought that I was in love. Unfortunately, as is the case with romance in the movie, holding onto that love was more difficult than I at first thought.
Chazelle combines familiarity with wildly creative execution, proving that style is substance.
One from the heart ... Chazelle doesn't for a moment wink at the viewer. He's guileless; he really believes in this trompe l'oeil world of violet sunsets, movie star murals, twinkly planetarium stars.
I don't know if the music will still be sung in 20 or 30 years. I do know that dance schools all around the world are going to see a rush of enrolments.
For those who know The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, it's a harmless curiosity, a workable but rather heavily implied time-travel voyage to 50 years ago; for those who don't, it will probably be incomprehensible.
A renovated version of the old-fashioned movie musical about making it big in the City of Stars.
La Land Land gives us the beauty of the world and its harder realities and intertwines them, leaving us with notes of grace and hope and love that transcend cynicism-bulldozes it, really. And that is lovely.
As loving a valentine as the film is to old-school Hollywood, the rapturous reception it has received might be a collective reaction against Hollywood's current trends, as enjoyable, breezy and ceaselessly entertaining as it is.
Easy on the eyes and tough on the heart, La La Land is a film I could watch again and again.
Any concerns about the experimental nature of this film fantasy are blown away by the sheer talent and attractiveness of the stars.
The ideal Christmas Day release gives the gift of its ever-engaging lead couple, music and director Damien Chazelle's surefire Oscar-bound craftsmanship for all to behold.
...a film that tries too hard and is always showing how much it's straining.
The mind-blowing opening scene is masterfully shot on the LA freeway.
While there is much to recommend Damien Chazelle's ode to Hollywood musicals of the 40s and 50s, there were times when I found myself curiously out of step with the rambling, retro production and the self-involved nature of the world in which it is set.
The last quarter of La La Land is so beautifully shot and performed, it makes up for the flat opening. It becomes a film that embraces a world where dreamers may seem foolish but eventually are very interesting.
La La Land has the best opening scene of the year. It has the best closing scene of the year. What's in between those scenes is merely incredible entertainment and expert filmmaking.
Chazelle's film, with its unfettered embrace of the imperfect, creates nothing less than a vital symphony of the human condition.
The film is full of color, brightness, rhythm and emotion. Although there's a narrative bump in the middle of it, the show gets back on track in a bittersweet, melancholic and radiant final. [Full review in Spanish]
Sometimes a movie comes along that is so different, so refreshingly light, so right for the moment that people can happily forgive it for not being very good.
I have yet to meet someone who's watched it and come out in a bad mood.
The perfect movie for anyone who needs a bit of cheering up after a bruising year, La La Land is the cinematic equivalent of a really fun morphine trip.
A clever, perfect film.
La La Land is not just a musical, but a musical that loves musicals.
To make an earnest, gleeful song-and-dance musical in 2016 with no political subtext or social commentary, not as a parody or deconstruction but simply as an old-fashioned ode to dreaming, is revolutionary.
People say the movie musical is dead. Tell that that to your tapping toes while watching the enchantment of La La Land, one of the year's best films.
The beauty of La La Land is that is uses an escapist format to tell a story about professional disappointment and the limitations of love. It's a romance for cynics.
Almost anyone who happens to see it will be converted by minute three. Guaranteed.
My heart goes out to Chazelle because of his desires; it sinks at how he's compromised them.
A one-note bore.
It's deeply derivative yet wholly original, an odd mix that will keep audiences on their toes.
Audiences find themselves carried away. That may be sensible enough. What's odd is that La La Land is not the merry entertainment it sometimes seems to be.
Simultaneously escaping into fantasy and reflecting reality, La La Land proves a big-hearted delight... dream-like in style but ultimately melancholy in sentiment.
Stone and Gosling are the perfect pair to sing, soar and charm in La La Land. Now that your chance to see this standout film is finally here, don't miss out.
La La Land's transportive reverie is its strength.
Chazelle revitalizes not only a genre but an optimism coming in handy now. La La Land is the movie we didn't know we needed until it's here.
Envisioning the best versions of ourselves in snappy musical numbers before reality crashes the party.
It's simply impossible not to completely fall in love with.
Chazelle has reinvigorated the big-screen musical by embracing the present while paying tribute to the past, by balancing irony and innocence, novelty and nostalgia.
La La Land is a moving, melancholy musical that's very pleasant, if a bit thin; not unlike its appealing leads' voices.
As effervescent as the finest bottle of champagne, La La Land is an intoxicating motion picture that should particularly please anyone whose heart skips a beat whenever Fred dances on the late show or Judy sings on TCM.
This year's The Artist. So basically it's a superhero movie for middlebrows.
Damien Chazelle heard the call: "Make musicals great again." And he's responded bigly with "La La Land," his dazzling display of spectacle and heart that will lock him up -- a front-row seat at the Oscars.
Can one movie revive Hollywood's musical era AND bring old-fashioned courtship back to theaters? La La Land just might.
La La Land is a beautiful, inspired film. Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone will leave you with a bounce in your step and love in your hearts.
Director/writer Damien Chazelle reinvents the Hollywood musical with style and class.
La La Land's exhilarating and nearly unflagging energy strives to inspire in viewers an equally bold appreciation for all the things it celebrates.
When the film ended, I floated out of the theater misty-eyed, cockeyed and starry-eyed. My feet haven't touched the ground since.
As fun as that opening scene may be, the story that follows is what makes "La La Land" a great movie.
The result is enough to make you leap out of your seat and punch the air in triumph.
La La Land is magnificent, Chazelle delivering a musical that instantly ranks alongside my favorites of the genre.
Damien Chazelle, the writer/director behind the Oscar-nominated Whiplash, set out to make a musical romance, but his new film La La Land transcends both genres.
The film's opening sequence is jaw-droppingly wonderful.
A terrific modern day musical that often feels like and certainly harkens back to such genre pics of old. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Utterly captivating. A seismic event in contemporary American cinema.
The musical romance from writer-director Damien Chazelle is packed with "movie magic," big, un-self-conscious moments where the characters burst off the screen in song and dance. This is a movie in love with movies.
[Emma Stone] is so captivating as an actor that we are somehow attentive and interested through lousy songwriting and cliches.
The film's highs are its light special effects and whimsical choreography. The ensemble cast is phenomenal, but Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling? Not so much.
"La La Land" is a special, special experience, and movies like this don't come around too often.
Much to my surprise, I quite enjoyed La La Land. And I imagine most moviegoers will too.
You have been wronged far too often, I know; the movies have wronged us all. They have stood us up, left us alone on rainy curbs, but you must put your faith in them, one last time. You must run to La La Land.
I could feel the large group of critics at the screening I attended sitting on their hands, resisting the uncouth impulse to applaud.
Even with all the awards and Oscars hype, it still won't do enough justice to one of the decade's most magical masterpieces.
Chazelle's deep and spacious romanticism includes the city and its dreamers and music and movies and love itself.
The movie comes off as a well-intended tribute to the fabulous MGM musicals of the great Vincente Minnelli, made by people who have never seen one.
The swooning, cotton-candy, luxuriantly pastel vibe...has a rather effortful feel, but for those old enough to remember the halcyon days of film musicals, it will be a treat.
LA LA Land joins the ranks of other great, hard-working musicals that sit on the periphery of the cinema landscape ... a refreshing reminder that superheroes aren't the only people jumping around in spandex on screens these days.
This is one crowd-pleaser worth getting behind.
It's simply wonderful.
La La Land is more than just a chance to bask in the warm nostalgia of Hollywood musicals. Chazelle captures a feeling reminiscent of the jazz Sebastian so admires: He takes what's familiar, tinkers with it, and creates something new and alive.
The transition isn't always smooth; the movie sags in the center as the songs grow sparse. But there are virtues, too -- chiefly the proven screen chemistry between Stone and Gosling. (Their song-and-dance chops aren't half-bad, either.)
Chazelle's vision to too candied to dismiss, but this extravagance demands more judicious editing, keeping the picture tight and tender. Its current slackness only emphasizes troubling casting faults and dramatic limitations.
Techs are first rate from choreography to production design that creates the perceived fantasy of what LA represents to the young and eager.
It's a shame about the rough start to La La Land, but does it really matter when the rest of the film is as assured and, at times, exhilarating as it is?
I believe people when they say they are moved or enchanted by the film; it just didn't move or enchant me.
La La Land suffers from what it endeavors to celebrate: Hollywood's flair for artifice and self-congratulation.
Despite his tender years, Chazelle is a master of composition, color and camera movement, and there are shots here so drop-dead gorgeous you wonder how he and cinematographer Linus Sandgren pulled them off.
Working together for the third time, Stone and Gosling quickly establish an easy rapport with one another, their surpassingly attractive physical features the perfect foils for Chazelle's aesthetic approach of naturalism and extreme stylization.
Chazelle is a born filmmaker, and he doesn't settle for rehashing familiar bits from musicals we already love. He's too busy giving us reasons to fall for this one.
This is a joy to watch, with a rhapsody of love and lightness in the performances.
At a time when musicals seldom grace the big screen, "La La Land" is practically a miracle.
Throughout the entirety of its running time, the film is alive like no other I have seen this year, reveling in its heightened reality and a pure love of cinema.
(Director Damien) Chazelle has interwoven the innocence and idealism that permeated films in the genre with a contemporary, albeit, realistic vibe that skirts cynicism without passing over the line.
The breathless 5 1/2-minute opening musical number in Damien Chazelle's La La Land is worth the price of admission all by itself.
The musical numbers are distinctly Minnellian in their sense of lovers being swept away by the whirlwind of their mutual regard.
It's almost criminal to have to stay in your seat when the contact high of La La Land is goosing you to grand jeté in the aisle. The heart, at least, is at liberty to swell to bursting.
During one musical number, when fireworks start going off in the sky, you can feel them going off in your head too.
The (Hollywood) Hills are alive again with the sound of (new) music, and it's impossible to not be swept up and away in the sweet sunshine of its movie magic.
Chazelle creates a realm that suspends disbelief, forestalls cynicism and lets us open our hearts to emotion that's as real in this setting as in any naturalistic drama.
It's a film for those who feel a little out of step with the 21st century, as Mia does with her love of classic cinema and Sebastian does with his angry jazz certainty. A lot of us can relate. If you can't, we don't really want to hear about it.
It may not be a masterpiece, but it's a refreshing and unabashed joy-filled escape, and after such a woeful year, there is nothing wrong with that.
If you have friends who say they don't make good movies anymore, drag them to this.
A deft blend of long-gone filmmaking style with decidedly modern sensibilities, it's the kind of film you'll watch with a permanent smile plastered to your face.
As genres go in and out of style, the movies occasionally forget some of the wonderful things they can do. Luckily, "La La Land" remembers.
Never have the glory days of Hollywood been reimagined quite like they are in the new film by writer-director Damien Chazelle.
That not every note or dance step is perfect isn't the point; it's that the actors find perfection - and magic - in the moment, in that flight.
La La Land is hopeful, even giddy. And Chazelle directs with heaps of style and charm.
Relentlessly stunning and possibly life-altering.
We don't generally think of musicals in these terms, but, following the impersonal splashiness of the opening number, "La La Land" slowly dawns as a film of great intimacy. It's as if it were whispering to us.
La La Land is a musical without grace.
It's nostalgic in the same way a hipster combing through vinyl records in a record shop coffee house is nostalgic. It picks and chooses what it wants to remember about the past and puts a decidedly modern spin on the treasures it decides to keep.
The one thing that Chazelle seems to have little interest in is life. He turns Mia into an absolute cipher, giving her nothing whatsoever to talk about.
a magical movie about love and dreams
An absolutely top-tier musical and glossy valentine to the simple, blunt-force emotions of classical Hollywood cinema.
A spectacular, breathtaking, pulse-racing work of pop art.
Buoyed by the charm and charisma of its talented stars Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, the film is a whirlwind of unbridled happiness that sweeps us away with music and colour.
I am a product of the big musicals of the '50's and '60's like "Carousel", "Singin' in the Rain", "South Pacific", "West Side Story", etc. and for me, "La La Land" doesn't come close.
The two A-Listers have so much on-screen magnetism --- and they make a nice couple --- I'm willing to overlook their singing shortcomings.
It's a picture filmmakers have propagated since time immemorial, a valentine to show business itself, and yet filmmaker Damien Chazelle renders it anew in La La Land, an original musical that pays tribute to the city and all it represents.
A lovely, old-fashioned ode to dreamers and their dreams, the sacrifices they make to go after them, and the poignant regret of what could have been.
La La Land always feel emotionally direct and natural, rather than cloying, playful or cute. If it's meta, it's also millennial.
A modern love story filmed in a style reminiscent of glorious classic musicals, 'La La Land' emerges as a bittersweet treat for the eyes, the ears and the heart.
Heartfelt and ambitious, it won't make you think, but it will put a smile on your face.
I loved this movie, a sparkling homage to vintage Hollywood musicals, particularly An American in Paris, '50s Hollywood films, like Rebel Without a Cause, Astaire & Rogers dance movies of the '30s, and the City of Los Angeles, just to name a few.
[Chazelle] is able to maintain enough distance from his influences to infuse the story with touches of realism that ground it while at the same time maintaining a sense of playful whimsy that made its forebears so successful.
La La Land extends a hand to anyone scarred by a barrage of two-steps, jazz hands, and glitter costumes -- and bets are, you'll grab hold.
As good as La La Land is throughout, the last act elevates the movie considerably. And while everything here has roots elsewhere, the way Chazelle strings these notes together somehow looks and sounds fresh and new.
Writer/director Damien Chazelle, whose last film was Whiplash, has made a movie that's visually amazing, awash in vibrant colors, while the camera magnificently swirls around the stars as they sing and dance.
The movie ends with a what-might-have-been fantasia that is one of the most emotionally moving passages I've ever seen in a musical. It's like a bluesy jazz piano chord, full of hurt and healing, that slowly fades to silence.
Spectacular song-and-dance scenes rise up out of the story like exhalations of pure joy.
Profound, beautiful film about love and creativity.
For all its borrowing and bricolage, La La Land never feels like a backward-looking or unoriginal work. Even when not every one of its risks pays off the way that first song does, this movie is bold, vital, funny, and alive.
Peppy, smart, and almost intolerably romantic, this is the finest movie musical since John Carney's 'Once.'
... a musical so in love with love - and the movies - that only a stone cold heart will fail to get swept up in its glorious romance...The production is a marvel
Visually gorgeous and deliciously colorful, La La Land is a romantically fueled, comically fun, and symphonically sublime treasure. You are guaranteed to leave with a smile on your face.
It's more vibrant than Chicago, more heartfelt than Les Miserables, and more successfully staged than a chorus of other contenders.
"La La Land" is as delightful and magical as you've heard -- a big, joyful celebration of old-school Hollywood musicals -- but it's also smarter, tougher, and sadder than its moonstruck trailer might suggest.
La La Land fills your soul with joy and happiness. A dazzling work that you want to see again the very second its over.
Long live the musical. Bring enough Kleenex.
La La Land is a full-service throwback to the Golden Age musical, transposed with lashings of romantic melancholy to a contemporary Los Angeles decked out in primary-colored plumage.
Chazelle has assembled a vibrant, infectiously hummable pastiche of musical and cinematic styles - an entrancing ode to the glories of cinema past as well as a heartfelt expression of faith in the medium's future.
Rejuvenating two tired genres, the romcom and the musical, La La Land amounts to an extravagant and improbable act of resistance against Hollywood convention.
I'm hoping that La La Land will be a hit for the ages, for all ages. It's a film that re-enacts, with rare originality, a classic role for the movie medium -- escapist entertainment in troubled times.
As a candy-hued musical valentine to Los Angeles, "La La Land" is both a crowd-pleaser and a locals-only inside joke.
Romantic, inventive, visually dazzling - and yet, Damien Chazelle's ambitious movie promises slightly more than it delivers.
Song and dance in the key of life: That's the irresistible appeal of La La Land.
It doesn't so much look back longingly at past masters like Vincente Minnelli, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Donen and Jacques Demy (to name a few) as tap into their mojo, insisting on their modernity and its own classicism in the same gesture.
It's stunningly ambitious and thrillingly alive the way the best movies are.
It isn't merely that Chazelle has made a film with eye-popping color and bold lighting, fantastical sets and characters showing their souls in movement and rhyme. He's made it feel revolutionary and brand new, even when it's as old as the hills.
La La Land is a romance, and everyone is in love with everything -- most of all, old Hollywood dreams. It is, quite simply, magic.
This unabashed mash note to the mind-melting majesty of the best movie musicals of yesteryear -- particular those from MGM's golden run in the 1950s -- is nothing less than the best movie of this year.
I wish La La Land felt more like Chazelle's personal vision - that he tap-danced his own path - instead of this eager-to-please mash-up, the movie equivalent of samba tapas.
One of the fizziest, dizziest, most delightful movie musicals to come around since Fred Astaire spun Ginger Rogers across soundstages.
La La Land is probably going to win Best Picture at next year's Oscars.
"La La Land" deserves credit for high spirits even if it's essentially a collection of glamorous throwback music videos for so-so songs.
For a movie about chasing your dreams in a town known for crushing them, La La Land is surprisingly optimistic up until its bittersweet end.
Again and again La La Land cuts to some vibrant vision, and it's often funnier about its outsize old-school ambitions than any cutting critic could be.
There's more to a Hollywood musical than the musical. There's fantasy. There's magic. There's a genre which isn't afraid to recreate what romance actually feels like. And that's where "La La Land" soars.
If you only see one movie this year, you need to get out more. That being said, this endlessly enchanting, panoramic homage to the Hollywood musical is the picture to catch!
La La does nothing less than jolt the movie musical to life for the 21st century. You leave exhilarated by Damien Chazelle's nonstop inventiveness, dazzled by Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, and thrilled how they made movies magic again.
Perfectly acceptable, sometimes overly strained, generally way too basic and, yes, periodically delightful, even at times devastating.
More than just a thoroughly modern musical, Damien Chazelle's love story leaves us walking, well, dancing on air.
Just when we were getting ready to write off Hollywood for solely producing noisy, cumbersome and soulless blockbusters, comes this aching, witty and unabashedly romantic musical.
The closest thing since Cherbourg to a unified-field theory of music and film.
Both old-fashioned and contemporary, the movie understands and celebrates what makes musicals tick. People sing because they feel so much. Emotions have to come out.
La La Land is cute, sometimes gorgeous, but not good.
The film looks good, sounds good and, if you're not too fussy, it might make you feel good too.
For viewers weaned on lifeless Broadway adaptations, there's a good chance La La Land will be unlike any movie they've ever seen.
A fabulous old-school Hollywood musical in modern-day Tinseltown with joyous tunes, exceptional choreography, a feel-good love story and a hint of bittersweetness to keep all that wonder grounded.
Of the many fantasy spectacles in theaters this December, none are as marvelous as Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone dancing cheek to cheek.
Every element of La La Land is bound up in a referentiality that largely precludes the outpourings of emotion we come to musicals for.
Catch the film on the largest screen you can find, with a sound system to match, even if that means journeying all day.
La La Land is a joyous filmgoing experience, a musical brimming with optimism that never becomes treacly, ably directed by Whiplash's Damien Chazelle and featuring fantastic performances by leads Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling.
Damien Chazelle's musical love letter to Los Angeles manages to be old-fashioned and newfangled at the same time, to thrilling effect.
A big, old-fashioned, toe-tapping, earworm-sowing extravaganza. If Gosling and Stone aren't Fred Astaire and Eleanor Powell, well, neither has anyone else been for 70 years.
A gorgeous homage to the golden age of Hollywood musicals in the 1950s, the film has the power to make audiences laugh, weep and feel as if they can float on air.
Damien Chazelle's La La Land is majestic, sweeping, and romantic. A beautiful movie musical about our dreams.
Unabashedly twinkly and entrancing, affectionately recalling the Golden Era of Hollywood musicals.
Impressive. But it lumbers along when it's supposed to fly, and groans under the weight of its own ambition.
LA LA LAND La La Lavishes with joy and warmth. This is a movie I want to live in.
We've seen much dumber takes on that stuff in a million showbiz movies, but you'd have to go back to "Singin' in the Rain" to find one that dances around it with the poise that "La La Land" does.
The opening and closing dance numbers are so brilliant and uplifting that they are probably the best sequences in cinema all year.
Giddily ambitious but perhaps more bittersweet than some will be expecting, this melodic love story proves fanciful but rooted, emotionally, in a reality where happily ever afters are not certainties.
Stylishly directed and beautifully acted ... this is a gorgeously romantic modern-day musical that will have you grinning from ear to ear.
If you haven't succumbed to the joyous magic of La La Land by the end of the Fred-and-Ginger-flavored "A Lovely Night," well, then, pick up your Official Curmudgeon badge and head for the exit.
A wondrous, magical film that pays constant tribute to a century of musicals and Hollywood films about Hollywood, without ever succumbing to cliché. (Broad Street Review)
With a risky method of storytelling, this film fully envelops the viewer in an audiovisual experience that demands an emotional response. [Full review in Spanish]
La La Land works as a musical, as a romance, as a love letter to old-school Hollywood, and as a thoughtful meditation on the sacrifices that creative people must make in order to share that creativity with us.
Your heart gets tightened, the frog enters your throat, and as soon as you know it, the single tear streams down your face. Stone sums up not just the film's underlying message, but the hopes and dreams of ourselves.
Go ahead, try not to fall in love with La La Land. I dare you.
La La Land is ultimately a sunshine-filled breath of fresh air which will leave you giddy with nostalgia and happiness.
From the set design to direction, the film has a big heart on for golden-age Hollywood.
La La Land has us with our eyes glued, feet tapping and hearts pounding with anticipation of just what wonder it's going to produce next.
It navigates a delicate line between all of that stylized jazz and an honest-to-God relationship drama, with scenes of conflict and disappointment that are utterly raw and exposed.
Chazelle has crafted that rare thing, a genuinely romantic comedy, and as well, a rhapsody in blue, red, yellow and green.
You won't be able to stop yourself from falling helplessly in love with this over-the-top rom-com.
La La Land really is as good as everyone claims. It is an irresistible, big-hearted valentine to starry-eyed dreamers and the enduring magic of the movies.
People complain they don't make em like they used to. Well, they can't say that, anymore.
A film with marvelous musical numbers and a bittersweet tone that sticks in the viewer's memory after leaving the movie theater. [Full review in Spanish]
La La Land is gorgeous, often delightful, and quite satisfying. Its very existence is a triumph, given that an unabashed throwback A-list musical could not have been an easy sell, even for someone coming off of such significant hype.
The craft of La La Land is impeccable, from the energetically active camera to the staging and production design that re-creates the past without feeling dated. But there's a reckless cockiness to the production as well.
Chazelle creates something absolutely unforgettable. Few people will be able to see this movie only once.
La La Land is a technicolor fantasy you have to see on a big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
La La Land serves to remind us that movies can still be magical, and they can still provide the channel for us to see magic in the world around us.
Restores the movie musical to its former glory.
Working as something of a love letter to classic Hollywood, and celebration of cinema in its purest form - this feature somehow manages to avoid feeling imitative, nor like a mere pastiche - which is of huge commendation to the director.
La La Land isn't mere homage. It captures the soul of the genre, creating a bright, colorful portrait of love and art that miraculously retains its optimism in the face of reality.
My goodness is La La Land magical.
La La Land is what they call a "humdinger" of a movie.
A dazzling, magical film.
Not once do you feel like you're watching red-blooded characters, so much as you are the good-natured, tirelessly committed actors playing them.
An enchanting composition, a magical musical indeed.
A wooning, glorious tribute to the risky pursuits of fame, art and love, not necessarily in that order.
La La Land begins with such an ecstatic rush of joy -- and ends with such a gloriously bittersweet flourish -- that you kinda can't blame the film for sagging a bit in the middle.
Arguably one of the best romantic films made since cult favorite Amélie.
Step Up 6: Awards Season
The journey has some fits and starts, but the destination is pure movie magic.
Most cinema-goers are already madly in love with at least one of them, and that love will hit stratospheric new heights when they see how skilfully Gosling and Stone balance their absurd attractiveness with goofy self-deprecation in La La Land.
Breaking into song and dance can be both deadly serious and a whole lot of fun.
La La Land isn't perfect, but it's still a joy.
The lion's share of the kudos must go to Chazelle, who's achieved something truly extraordinary here: an achingly romantic movie-musical that makes the old new again.
Damien Chazelle's La La Land is a wildly ambitious widescreen musical drama that, at its best, hits some very high notes indeed.
A heavenly musical filled with down-to-earth humour.
La La Land feels like a throwback and also like something we've never seen before, resulting in a dreamy musical that hits just about every note.
La La Land is a monster musical, embracing every cliche about the hopes and frustrations of young talent in Hollywood as if they were all newly minted.
It has its head in the stars, and for a little over two wonderstruck hours, it lifts you up there too.
It's a movie with the potential to make lovers of us all. All we have to do is fall into its arms.
Technicolor escapism doesn't come much better than this.
A celebration of nostalgia and heartbreak. [Full review in Spanish]
A beautiful, audacious, aesthetically vibrant, and enchanting contemporary musical.
A gorgeous romantic fever dream of a movie musical. La La Land is one for this age - and the ages. Stunning in every way.
"La La Land" is magically in tune with its reference points even as falls a few notes short of their greatness.
An absolute triumph. 'La La Land' is a film you simply never want to stop watching.
For Chazelle to be able to pull this off the way he has is something close to remarkable.
The most audacious big-screen musical in a long time, and - irony of ironies - that's because it's the most traditional.
Chazelle's dream-like follow-up to Whiplash is as la-la-light as its title, tap-dancing its way into the hearts of incurable romantics everywhere.
La La Land is such a happy, sweet-natured movie - something to give you a Vitamin D boost of sunshine.
The musical is as malleable and eclectic a genre as any other, and Chazelle reminds us how effectively it can be applied to intimate moments as well as huge ones.

@highlight

La La Land breathes new life into a bygone genre with thrillingly assured direction, powerful performances, and an irresistible excess of heart.