Rent the original, La Grande Séduction, instead.
The Grand Seduction is good-looking, well-cast and funny like an old CBC comedy. Totally fine.
An old-fashioned ode to small-town working class values that moonlights as a screwball comedy.
If McKellar could have just injected some of the eccentricity of his brilliant debut, Last Night, into proceedings we might have had an Ealing-esque social farce. Instead we're left with a comedy that's wry but prosaic.
The remake never manages to drum up much excitement for its sleepy hamlet rousing or for its characters, finally filled with purpose.
At best, this aspires to the whimsical charm of Local Hero; at worst, it simply steals from it.
This is all about duels between rugged veterans. Cheery Gleeson and craggy Gordon Pinset steal the show.
Though ultimately a somewhat forgettable feature film, The Grand Seduction does have a lot of heart and a certain charm to it which makes for an easy, gratifying experience.
The filmmakers hope for a fable-like charm rather than gritty credibility, but the whole thing feels as cynical as the villagers' convoluted mission.
A comedy drama that offers a portrait of the Emerald Isle that is contrived in its quaintness.
Brendan Gleeson brings bags of charm and feeling to his role as the local-schemer-in-chief and there's some poignancy in the community's desperation to find employment.
It's a bit of a soppy, sappy film that wastes Gleeson's talent and incidentally appears to imply that bribing oil-company executives is a victimless crime.
Brendan Gleeson and Taylor Kitsch doggy-paddle awkwardly through this lacklustre fishing village comedy.
Despite some occasional wobbles, this is a charming small-town comedy in the Ealing tradition, while Douglas Koch's attractive cinematography is almost enough to make you consider relocating to Newfoundland. Almost.
Gleeson is a strong anchor and brings some complexity to his part; it's just that he isn't served well by a script that too often mistakes bluntness for irony.
McKellar's take on class is a fib too far: low-grade laughs can't sweeten the sour message that any crap job will placate working folks. Think: Local Zero.
"The Grand Seduction" reeks of a pleasantness that makes for a very soothing watch. The lack of character depth and the contrived plot won't be placing it near any top ten lists, but there are far worse ways to spend two hours in a theatre these days.
A snug film about community and the torture of men out of work. There's a warmth to it, a likeability that doesn't wear off. Gleeson's big grizzly bear persona is a big reason why.
Offers familiar pleasures of no little charm. Sometimes that's enough. When the star is Brendan Gleeson, it may be more than enough.
Warmhearted and, thanks to Gleeson, laugh-out-loud funny.
As harmless pablum, The Grand Seduction is mildly arousing, just don't expect it to follow through.
Charming comedy, filled with breezy Irish blarney.
The Grand Seduction has mawkish moments, and it's way long. But it's still a very sweet movie, skillfully made and charmingly told.
McKellar confuses hokum for charm almost as often as he mistakes stupidity for cleverness. It's meant to tug at the heart, but merely sets the eyes rolling.
Thanks to its cast, "The Grand Seduction" turns out to be, if not exactly groundbreaking, at least agreeable, comfortable fun.
A delightful cinematic gem.
It's all very sweet. And a big stretch.
Loved Local Hero? Charmed by Waking Ned Devine? Then go watch Local Hero and Waking Ned Devine.
The cast is superbly chosen and the specificity of the sense of place lends weight to the storyline, its exquisite, pristine beauty and its precariousness.
Even if it feels a bit formulaic, it's a formula that works.
So intricately plotted and unlikely that it verges on the exotic, "The Grand Seduction" is nevertheless a hoot.
A fish-out-of-water fable set within a fabulously scenic backdrop, against which wholesome humor and a thoroughgoing humanist streak play out and intertwine with gentle, unforced ease.
The more this predictable, faux-endearing Canadian comedy works at being irresistible, the harder it is to enjoy.
The end result is like tea with too much sugar and cream: pleasant enough, but so mild that you start to miss the bitter and the bite.
The attempt at lighthearted sweetness is just like the townspeople's imitation of cricket: They're playing, but they really don't know how.
After all, there are not many movies that feature scenes of phone sex that you could bring your grandmother to, making the endeavor's startling approachability something to savor.
McKellar chose his formula wisely[.] Maybe next time, he'll come up with something a little more inspired and a little less reliant on the strengths of one thespian.
So, why do we need a French Canadian English language remake of a 10 year old French Canadian film which itself was a cute but uninspired take on "Doc Hollywood" by way of "Local Hero?"
An over-familiar formula, but a winning cast
The original, it's ultimately clear, is a much, much more accomplished piece of work.
Translating its accessible premise too cleanly, Grand Seduction neglects the rough edges of character, the very details that make a place and its people memorable to a visitor. They're also what convince a person to stay.
It's graceful and sweet and wise where it counts, and often brilliantly acted, and it made me laugh.
Existing at the intersection of Quaint Avenue and Shenanigans Street, this odd, twee, character-based slice of rah-rah community dramedy and uplift never quite takes flight.
The Grand Seduction seems more bent on following the recipe than developing any actual characters or connections.
Director Don McKellar fills the harbour with some great worn faces, including a lovely turn by Gordon Pinsent as Simon, a town elder whose blue eyes practically twinkle with both drunken complicity and sober reservation.
The Grand Seduction is a thoroughly modern film that resembles nothing less than classic Hollywood comedies like Local Hero and Waking Ned Devine in both its comedy and its real, rich characters.
The plot holes are gigantic, but the spirit is so playful and breezy that you can sit back and enjoy the ride.
By and large, the film's folksiness bucks schmaltz.
Ah, those wacky foreigners and their impossibly charming villages.
While it doesn't reinvent the wheel, or the film from which it takes nearly all its ideas, The Grand Seduction emerges as an all too rare specimen: a charming, heartfelt, crowd-pleasing Canadian comedy.
The Grand Seduction is not entirely lost in translation, and remains a pleasant little redemptive fable.
With just a couple of strong casting choices and a winsome tone, an old formula can still work, and The Grand Seduction comes out of the lab with a disarming readiness to please.
Gleeson and the collection of good-natured seniors with accents will win your heart.
The movie equivalent of a warm blanket.
"The Grand Seduction" has a sober vibe and a methodical pace, and yet there are more than a few moments that are laugh-out-loud funny.
More bland than grand, and more eccentric than seductive.
A confused, toothless comedy about a tiny fishing community whose residents lie, bluff, and bribe their way into a lucrative oil company contract.
The frequently funny "The Grand Seduction'' is a thoroughly pleasant way to pass a couple of hours.
The Grand Seduction is a bit on the preciously twee side - there's a surfeit of boozy old codgers here - and lacks the whimsical enchantment which lit similar conceits... but overall it's entertaining enough.
If the film feels a bit clunky at times, it rarely slips into cliché.
The Grand Seduction feels made for Netflix's Watch Instantly feature - pleasant enough, but mostly forgotten with your next selection.
This is middlebrow comedy at its blandest.
Charming, but not up to the Quebec original.
Newfoundland-set comedy is formulaic but pleasing.
Don McKellar seduces audiences with visual beauty and small town charm, but the distractions quickly lead to a formulaic feel-good story without much depth or intrigue.
The year's most delightful comedy to date may even restore your faith in doctors.
Like many films that contrast the simplicity of a rural community against the confusion of city life, The Grand Seduction exhibits a patriarchal, xenophobic attitude.

@highlight

The Grand Seduction can't quite live up to the classic dramedies it seems to consciously evoke, but ambles sweetly enough to charm viewers in its own right.