Tyler Perry's Good Deeds is supposed to be a feel-good movie. Unfortunately, it takes way too long to make you feel much of anything.
A simplistic and utterly-predictable morality tale.
A few good scenes, a few solid messages...But he's such a dull dramatist and boring actor that the message isn't delivered.
... smoothly entertaining. Eventually, though, Perry is undone by his own deft clichés, and he doesn't know when to stop ...
In terms of Perry's oeuvre it's surprisingly light on the cheesy melodrama.
It's in the upper half of Perry's filmography, at any rate, both in terms of conceptual rigor and execution.
Tyler Perry is no Douglas Sirk.
The melodramatic film has numerous light and comical touches, and the performances are uniformly good. The film's pace, however, has the consistency of molasses.
An entertaining film with Perry in the lead, but the acting honors are stolen by the supporting cast
A ridiculously redemptive finale negates almost all of the preceding dramatic tension and resurrects a cloying Richard Marx chestnut to boot.
'Message' movie lacks humor to draw in teens.
Whose life, Wesley asks in the movie's narration, is he living? Judging from all the sterile office and apartment space and his mile-long face, I'd say Bruce Willis's in "The Sixth Sense.''
Good Deeds has a Hollywood gloss very much in keeping with its San Francisco settings and attractive cast.
There aren't a lot of laughs in "Good Deeds," and it could have used more of them.
An otherwise unremarkable pic that takes what feels like a very long time to unwind a drearily predictable storyline.
Good Deeds honors goodness, which isn't at all a bad thing, and it's not without moments of genuine feeling. But by the film's end, after watching a seemingly infinite number of dour close-ups of sober self-evaluation, I felt bludgeoned.
Good Deeds, with its Frank Capra-gone-Good Will Hunting title, is lucky to have Thandie Newton, easily the most gifted actress ever to have starred in a Tyler Perry movie.
[Tyler Perry's Wesley] is Prince Charming for a prospective audience of women who are less enchanted by rippling abs than by kindness and responsibility.
Perry's considerate plotting is deliberate, perhaps even overlong, but with an attuned sense of people's evolving feelings and relationships.
decent
Far more interesting in the context of his filmography than it is to actually watch.
Drowning in tedious exposition, much of which is devoted to affirming the obvious.
Every Perry movie has its highs and lows. This time, the highs are a little higher, and the lows not quite so low.
By Perry's standards, it's a high-toned production, which means it doesn't look as if were shot during downtime on a soap-opera set, but it's still as blurry as a fifth-generation copy.
Patronizing, insincere, and bloated with a disingenuous sense of narrative merit, "Good Deeds" is just one more example of everything wrong with America in the year 2012.
Tyler Perry has finally achieved an odd kind of equality that heretofore eluded him: he's now just as mediocre and middle of the road as any other reliable hitmaker in Hollywood.
Where's Madea when you need her?
Although the script is flawed and filled with melodramatic moments that warrant laughter, Perry's loyal fan base will be engaged by this "Pretty Woman" meets "The Pursuit of Happyness" mash and leave theaters entertained.
Isn't a well-built movie, but it's by far the least repellent feature he's put together, dialing down the screaming and seething long enough to reveal sensitivity about the icon that's actually quite pleasant.
Good Deeds is more proof that Perry is a crude dramatist.
I never thought I'd say it, but I miss Madea.
A melodramatic slog riddled with laughable dialogue that wouldn't hold a made-for-TV-movie audience past the first commercial break.
Another compelling Tyler Perry parable delivering a priceless message about what really matters most.

@highlight

Tyler Perry's craftmanship as a director continues to improve, but his stories are still the same ol' hoary, pretentious melodramas.