Dylan Dog: Dead Of Night is a fun comedy/horror whodunnit with a supernatural twist. It delivers plenty of movie fun too, just like those campy 80's monster flicks.
Fun performances from Routh and Huntington can't make up for an extremely convoluted and mostly soulless story -- even when there's a giant zombie running around.
A pointless, very loose adaptation of the popular Italian comic that plays like a bad episode of Buffy.
Dylan Dog works best when it has fun with P.I. conventions; when the monsters take over, it goes downhill.
The movie wants to be a combination film noir and horror comedy, but the timing is all off and the performances are flat across the board.
the whole shebang plays out like a twisted Murder She Wrote episode
...a disappointingly lifeless adaptation...
Entirely derivative and utterly wretched.
Isn't awful, but it is awfully familiar,...coming across as something that might appear on the SciFi Network on a Saturday night.
Everybody else will have a better time revisiting Monster Squad or falling asleep.
There's one fight scene involving a rope and a pulley that briefly lifts the general torpor, but as soon as that's over, it's back to snoozeville.
The film longs to be a hip skewering of noir and monster movies but instead is kneecapped by mediocre effects, indifferent performances and a generally dull design.
Even if the whole vampires vs. werewolves thing hadn't already been done to un-death by True Blood and the Twilight and Underworld franchises, Dylan Dog would still be a crushingly dull 107 minutes.
For having such an inspired start, the movie feels oddly uninspired.
Director Munroe is clearly a fan and attempted his best on an admittedly limited budget, but some things just don't translate that well.
The story is even staler (and the production cheesier) than the jokes ...
"Life is wasted on the mortals," says an elder vampire. Even more so, I'm afraid, on this movie.
It's not so much that Dylan Dog is bad -- certainly nowhere near as bad as is being claimed -- it's that it's so completely inconsequential.
Out of nowhere comes Brandon Routh and into nowhere he returns.
If you haven't seen "Cemetery Man," director Michele Soavi's 1994 avant-garde adaptation of Tiziano Sclavi's Dylan Dog novel and comic books, I highly recommend checking it out rather than wasting your time on this muddled piece of filmic tripe.
If you are looking for a great horror comedy as a quick fix, check out THE FRIGHTENERS, BEETLEJUICE or even the cinematic take on BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, you'll be a happier and healthier person for it.
Anne Rice meets R.L. Stine. No, that's not a compliment.
In the future, filmmakers will once again produce fun, entertaining and original films about vampires, werewolves and zombies. But until then, Dylan Dog: Dead of Night argues for a moratorium on movies about these three terrible creatures.
While he's fine playing bemused and beleaguered, Routh can't muster the edginess that Dylan is also meant to have. Diggs looks fabulous, but has his own problems with the dangerous stuff.
A horror comedy with a lame hero, ridiculous story, villains sans scare factor, bad jokes and poorly shot fight sequences? Unworthy of your time on every front.
has the overriding sense of going through the motions, with only a few moments of genuinely effective humor
With terrible acting, a narrative on autopilot and chaotic blurs passing for action scenes, it's a direct-to-DVD caliber sojourn through the dregs of comic book adaptation.
Brings vampires, werewolves, zombies, detective noir and spoofy comedy together for a murky genre gumbo with barely any flavor.
A monster mash and genre mash-up that leaves one pining for the swagger of Hellboy.
a lazily-assembled greatest-hits collection of horror iconography stitched together with little depth, less purpose, and almost no entertainment value.
A cluttered, uninspired hash of familiar genre ideas.
I wanted to enjoy Dylan Dog: Dead of Night, if only because films of this ilk are rarely produced anymore. However, it's a bust. An extraordinarily talky, tedious, unmonstery bust.
Lets the likeable erstwhile Superman do his best impression of a jaded P.I., down to one of the most ineffectually boyish attempts at a grizzled voiceover in memory.
Put a stake in this film noir monster movie, it's done.
Never mind that Dylan Dog: Dead of Night is loosely based on an Italian comic series from the 1980s; this low-rent adaptation owes an embarrassingly big blood debt to HBO's True Blood.
Don't worry if you're not familiar with the obscure source material. There are plenty of other sources of disappointment to be found in director Kevin Munroe's B-movie mess.
Dylan Dog: Dead of Night's not too mysterious; don't take it too serious, and you'll have a fine time.
As the title character, Routh has to carry the movie with bravado and charm, appearing in most every scene, narrating in the style of a hundred film noir private eyes. And he just doesn't have it.
While it has its charms -- due mostly to the chemistry between Routh and Huntington -- Dylan Dog: Dead of Night ultimately plays like a lesser episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.


@highlight

An uninspired, feebly-acted horror/comedy that produces little scares and laughs.