Beyond the history, stunning archive footage and talking heads, the film gets deep into Cernan's mind to reveal the sacrifices the Apollo guys - and their families - made to ensure they had the right stuff.
Funny, thoughtful and self-aware, [Gene Cernan] is a wonderful raconteur with a fabulous turn of phrase.
Awe-inspiring, insightful docu spotlights American astronaut
It seems everything you remember from The Right Stuff was true. The Apollo astronauts worked hard, studied hard, and played hard.
A biographical tale that captures more than just the story.
Mark Craig's film is all the more affecting for weaving such achingly personal testimony into what is a thoroughly absorbing account of the last great era of human endeavour.
A terrific documentary directed by Mark Craig and executive-produced by Sir Jackie Stewart, among others.
The Last Man on the Moon is a compelling, artful and fantastically straight-faced documentary portrait of the now 82-year-old Eugene Cernan.
Craig's film deals with the fallout of the era - and how the returning heroes kept their feet on the ground - but he can't help but get swept up in the romance of the effort.
Shines a light on a charismatic, courageous - some might say foolhardy - thrill-seeker.
Given the wealth of footage available, you can't really go wrong with docs on the Apollo era - and yet amongst all that, Cernan is compellingly frank about the human costs of spaceflight.
An instant classic not to be missed.
Tales of remarkable men in extraordinary times.
Cernan is a wise, warm presence, and the specifics of his story are extraordinary enough to withstand the somewhat hackneyed treatment.
Thanks to its expert blend of home movies, newsreels, NASA footage and extensive recollections by Cernan, his family and fellow astronauts, this ranks among our very best space documentaries.
Cernan knows how to spin a great yarn, and if you do zone out for a moment, he can quickly reel you back in with the time he nearly died on his Gemini 9 mission or the surprisingly fierce politics behind his being chosen for the Apollo 10 crew.
This is the documentary the man deserves.
"The Last Man On The Moon" is, more than anything else, an engaging look back at one of the most exciting times in American history.
While we'll always have the epic Apollo stories like the ones found in The Right Stuff, Apollo 13, and From the Earth to the Moon, it's refreshing to come across a documentary that illustrates how special the explorers actually were.
Cernan is an interesting guy -- interesting in himself and interesting as a type.
The memories and observations add up to a vivid and satisfying personal portrait, history lesson, nostalgic ride and glimpse of the astronaut psyche.
A good if overly worshipful documentary about Gene Cernan.
Offers a different sort of space travel than expected, taking us into a man's headspace, which may not be as exciting but seems to be a more interesting place than the Moon.
The Last Man on the Moon is about the man, not the moon, and it's an intriguing, unique addition to the library of space exploration.
The filmmakers, attempting to jazz up their material, get in the way a lot.
The film traces Cernan's career trajectory, going back to his days in San Diego as a hot-shot naval aviator, blending terrific archival footage with contemporary perspectives to quietly poetic effect.
You already know the history told in "The Last Man on the Moon," but this story just never grows old.
Perhaps the copious biographical details, as banal as they may be, are ultimately necessary to emphasize just how lucky Cernan was to travel to the farther reaches of our universe.
Craig charts the flight path of Cernan's life from his years as a naval aviator flying off aircraft carriers in the late 1950s to his selection as an astronaut in 1963 and his trips into space.
A superb documentary that helps us to imagine what it was like to be an astronaut and to walk on the moon.
Craig never makes his interviews, the film's brick and mortar, feel revelatory or vital.
Cernan is clearly still in awe of what America achieved during those cowboy years - but he also speaks, with the melancholy that results from several decades of hindsight, about the havoc it wreaked on the personal lives of the astronauts.
This is a great documentary about a great man.
Director Mark Craig struggles to construct a terrestrial portrait of Cernan, now a Houston retiree in his 80s, and one senses a man powerless against the gravitational pull of his career.
The Last Man on the Moon is a reminder that while there were no bigger heroes in the 1960s than the Apollo astronauts, they were still flawed men who had to come back down to earth.
"The Last Man on the Moon" is one of those movies we didn't realize we needed, but turns out to be just the thing for our fractured, cynical times.
Cernan is proud of what he accomplished, calling himself the luckiest man in the world for all that he got to see. But he also expresses regret at having done it at the expense of his family.
Cernan's an engaging subject, and he's got a great story to tell.
Take a pinch of Top Gun, stir in a generous dollop of The Right Stuff, add a light sprinkling of Mad Men and you have the formula for this uplifting documentary portrait of former Apollo astronaut Eugene Cernan.
The Last Man on the Moon is not just a tribute to one man, though -- it's also an elegy for a time when humankind still appeared determined to achieve impossible goals.
Spellbinding! A vital, wondrous piece of history is beautifully preserved.
Craig's film stirs emotions closer to what Cernan exclaimed when first stepping into the lunar dust: "Oh, my golly! Unbelievable!"
This film will help us remember, help us feel that sense of discovery and adventure, and help us, perhaps, recognize our insatiable human need to reach for the heavens and try to find a way up there.
The Last Man on the Moon alternates between archival footage and current interviews, the latter tinged with nostalgia and regret. But Craig avoids either lionizing or reducing his subject.

@highlight

The Last Man on the Moon takes a justifiably reverent look at a largely unexplored chapter in the history of American space exploration -- and a side of astronaut's lives that's rarely considered.