Win Win may not be a flawless victory, but McCarthy is able to pin us down effortlessly nonetheless, proving there's more to life than being carried off the field a hero.
Aided by a fantastic cast, featuring the hilarious Bobby Canavale and the wonderfully strong Amy Ryan, McCarthy's film is overflowing with humour, warmth and pathos. Broad but perfectly constructed, it's a win-win situation.
In a still young movie year, Win Win is already on the mat as one of the best.
Tom McCarthy doesn't make great movies, but he makes movies about people I enjoy spending time with.
WIN WIN makes Tom McCarthy three-for-three. Grabbing the affection from the audience is what he wants, and dear reader, he can't lose.
McCarthy understands the thrill of incontrovertible victory and our primal lust for it.
A thoughtful study of relationships and family dynamics, Win Win wrestles the competition to the ground.
McCarthy has found his emotional sweet spot, a gentle and complex story to set it in and the perfect title for it."
"Win Win" continues McCarthy's streak of bringing realistic characters and realistic situations to life on the screen. He has clearly shown his talent for writing and directing, making him one of those directors to watch out for.
There's a real earnestness to the proceedings: if someone had relayed the setup to me via email or over cocktails, I would have bet heavily that we'd be looking at a sappy mess of clichés.
One of the ten best films of 2011.
Win Win is worth a look look. As indie dramedies go, it's a good one.
Going down for a short count
Excellent performances of good characters in a story that's not as rich as it apparently believes itself to be.
In Tom McCarthy's Win Win sports may seem to be the means for drama. But when considering the importance of wrestling to the characters, the sport shapes character and narrative.
This combination comedy and drama works well, in part because of good performances by everyone.
Deftly illustrates how life is complicated and it is that rare family film that portrays life's real challenges without glossing over the complexities of relationships.
Win Win isn't a morality play; it's just a really good story. But it does deal with an issue that couldn't be more relevant: Where do we draw the line when it comes to survival if it means clouding our sense of right and wrong?
Is there anyone who can play an "ordinary guy" better than Paul Giamatti?
Win Win is a warm, wonderful comedy, smartly written, full of great performances (particularly from supporting superstars Amy Ryan, Bobby Cannavale and Jeffrey Tambor) and bad haircuts (yeah, a lot of the characters have bad haircuts).
Beautifully observed, this serio-comic film is the stuff of life and, despite the plot contrivances, very engaging in its quiet way.
It's a wonderful screenplay; observant, wise and nonjudgmental, drawing out its universal relevance from an intimate and subtle story of human weakness and strength
This beautifully realised independent film about winning and second chances is one of those gems that easily finds its mark
A decent feel-good film, but I expected more from McCarthy.
The rare, humanist beauty of Win Win is that none of its characters is a caricature, none of its plot twists a blatant play for tears or laughs, none of its appeal based on some mythical lowest common denominator.
It's a familiar chain of events that resolves these issues, but where McCarthy veers from the mainstream is in his focus on the small lightbulb moments over the slow-motion slam-dunks that usually mark the reversal in fortunes.
How often is my 'generosity' inspired by self-serving possibilities? Win Win is going to aggravate me for the rest of this year.
You know, there is truth in advertising. Or titles, I should say.
Thomas McCarthy's focus may be far more everyday than his previous films, but Win Win is a resonant, well-crafted drama with standout turns from the ever-brilliant Giamatti and newcomer Alex Shaffer, who is certainly one to watch.
For all its clichés, it would be impossible to really dislike a film that's so innately inoffensive.
Win Win manages that rare feat of being good comfort viewing without feeling too comfortable itself.
Funny, compassionate and authentic.
There are flips, bumps and falls before the resolution, and even if McCarthy ties up his various plot strands a little too neatly, the story will resonate with viewers suffering from recession blues.
A deft, warm, serious and often very funny film.
Cute and smart indie about ordinary folks in New Jersey and how they handle their small problems.
It won't blow you away, but it remains a well-played and solidly entertaining family film.
A slow-burn study of desperation eating away at the law abiding as they grow older.
Moving, funny and thought-provoking - Win Win wins.
Trying to please a crowd needn't be a shameful business. Tom McCarthy makes light comedies that notice the goodness and hospitality in unlikely people, yet stop short of sentimentalising them.
Win Win is slighter, and sappier, than it might have been. Still and all, it's a joy.
The picture aims for Little Miss Sunshine-like laughs and tears but isn't quite funny or dramatic enough although the characters are sympathetic and it's very nicely performed.
Disappointing because it's a film from Tom McCarthy, the man who gave us The Station Agent and The Visitor. Win Win is equally humane, but just too cosy and pat.
For all its witty observations on the trials of modern manhood, it never strays out of its blinkered suburban comfort zone.
Riffs engagingly on the quiet desperation of ordinary, decent folk who find themselves in a fix, who take the wrong road for the right reasons.
Honest, insightful, warm and witty. A proper delight.
Giamatti strikes gold yet again, in another unassuming, self-depreciating powerhouse performance full of brilliantly acted nuances, in a story brimming with bittersweet moments.
As with The Station Agent and The Visitor, McCarthy creates a series of encounters for some astonishingly vivid characters.
While another actor might lose your sympathy, Giamatti effectively portrays the quiet desperation of a decent man on the edge, and it's his soul-searching turn that keeps you pinned to your seat.
It's a true win, win.
Although there are times when Win Win feels a bit self-consciously whimsical, it rings much truer than most.
What's just delightful about this wittily observed and touchingly truthful affair is the fact it offers consistently sherbety entertainment in the moment but ultimately holds to its purpose of saying something useful and genuine about real lives.
A hugely enjoyable, warm-hearted drama that's both funny and moving, thanks to a sharply written script, engaging direction and terrific performances from a superb ensemble cast.
Funny, agreeable and thoroughly enjoyable, if a little bit too neat and fortuitous in sorting out its entangled strands.
Trundles along for the most part in sitcom fashion, even down to the plinky-plonky background music.
Some accomplished turns, and the mood of downbeat quirkiness has its appeal. Plot contrivances scupper it though, and given McCarthy's track record it's a letdown.
If there's a more agreeable comedy now making the rounds, please, someone, tell me about it ... easily the best film I've seen so far this year ...
Writer/director Tom McCarthy's skill comes from an ability to hook you and make you care about his characters as if they are family.
No disrespect: this is a nice little movie
Funny, touching, and beautifully acted, Win Win is definitely a victory in humanistic storytelling.
An under-the-radar breath of fresh air built on a strong cast and a smart script.
With this cast and these characters, even the predictable goes down very nicely indeed.
Another great 'family unit' film from director Thomas McCarthy and one of the best teen performances you'll see with newcomer Alex Shaffer.
stays true to the realities of the difficult situation it presents and still sends you out feeling hopeful and fulfilled
It's easy to undervalue a movie like "Win Win," because it does seem so offhand and entertaining. But this is near-perfect filmmaking; not only does every piece fit together just right, but you forget there are even any pieces.
As the movie's frequently comical but believable characters coped with economic responsibilities and emotional challenges, I was reminded of 'The Andy Griffith Show' -- and I mean that as praise.
"Win Win" is a very likable small movie. The characters and the situation feel authentic.
"Win Win" is just that, a charming movie that won't make you regret praising it years later. There's really not much more you could ask for.
If life is indeed about enjoying the little things, then it's entirely appropriate that the best scenes in Win Win are the little slice-of-life ones.
This disappointing hard-luck story is elevated above an average television sitcom only because of the exceptional cast. This eccentric moral fable should appeal strictly to the art house crowd.
McCarthy has established himself as a craftsman of conventionally quirky pictures that are entirely about ingratiating themselves with the audience. Within those limited parameters, Win Win works.
Giamatti excels as the weak-kneed Mike, nicely working his gift for inner conflict and outer bumbling. As his wife, Amy Ryan is a ballast of unflinching moral certitude.
It's a solid effort that delicately balances hilarity, suspense and affection for its characters' foibles.
Giamatti brings his trademark plucky underdog quality to an imperfect man who should know better but whose heart is in the right place, and he plays both sides of that equation perfectly.
In the end the film stacks up just this side of twee, as the sort of quirky fare that's passably entertaining without ever offering anything real or remarkable.
As McCarthy the director wrestles with McCarthy the writer, it's this capable cast that keeps Win Win  worth watching.
McCarthy works with more conventional material here than usual, solidly written and acted as one expects but lacking the emotional surprises of his earlier films.
A charming film, but loses focus when it strains to retain insight, artificially bottoming out the characters so their final reel reunion will mean something.
A wonderfully acted little drama about a tight-knit group of ordinary people whom we get to know and like despite their quirks and flaws.
A highly entertaining film that exudes all the warmth of Tom McCarthy's previous films but also has a sense of comic pace and timing that should allow it far greater appeal to a wider array of audiences.
Paul Giamatti has the gift of taking movies that are falling into a million horrible pieces and making them watchable.
Win Win is an all-around solid, well-written, brilliantly acted film that challenges and entertains. It's a no-lose proposition.
[McCarthy's] writing reflects a wariness of human nature but he's not cynical; indeed, the story wraps up with a tenderness that feels true but completely without mush.
So it's a win win for audiences, and it's a reminder that there are fresh ideas and compelling stories out there. Thank you, Mr. McCarthy!
Anyone who likes sports, drama and comedy will be happy they went to see it.
Though Win Win is certainly McCarthy's most commercial effort to date, it still benefits from the actor-turned-filmmaker's affection for the unconventional.
Win Win is a winner all the way.
Tom McCarthy's third feature proves something incontestable: The writer-director has a way with American characters.
Sure, the plot sounds melodramatic, but "Win Win" is more about its characters than its plot, and on that level it's a total success.
McCarthy's story and direction don't demand that the audience take sides one way or the other with Mike. He and Giamatti trust us to come to our own conclusions.
It's aptly titled. If you like character-based movies, there's no way you can lose with this one.
McCarthy has finally delivered a realistic take on the male teen, along with a tender, funny look at family and what it means to be a man.
Funny, humane, and uplifting, the sort of smart entertainment that makes you happier than you were when you started.
A comedy that's ultimately more touching than funny and a joy from beginning to end.
The film is a win-win as a quirky indie comedy and an upbeat sports yarn.
Giamatti, rooting down to the soul of this stressed-out, struggling man, delivers a marvel of a performance - all the more so because we forget that he is performing.
It doesn't surprise quite so much as McCarthy's previous work, but its polish, strength and energy are impressive for a film of any size or pedigree.
Giamatti skillfully embodies the movie's central riddle, how decency and opportunism can coexist in the same man.
a comedy that is resoundingly profound
Writer-director Thomas McCarthy again captures the pain of the outsider.
Win Win is a wonderful movie and unless 2011 turns out to be a transcendent year for the art of cinema, I predict that it will appear on many a 10 Best list.
This is a movie about everyday people doing everyday things and finding their own uniquely everyday ways to go about their lives.
McCarthy has the incredible gift of developing seemingly simple characters into the most wonderful, complex beings that we rarely see on screen.
Giamatti always plays his characters with such apparent ease that he sometimes gets overshadowed by others, but his performance here --- yes, it is a March movie, we know -- is Oscar-caliber.
Another unique story that is both moving and also believable at the same time, an increasingly-rare combination. "Win Win" is the first great film of 2011.
If you already know the work of filmmaker Tom McCarthy -- who made The Station Agent and The Visitor -- then you know you have a treat in store with this latest project.
A thoughtful and admirably nuanced moral drama.
Giamatti makes a terrific American Everyman, a more comical species of Arthur Miller's tragic Willy Loman.
Giamatti has become predictable as an avatar of middle-aged anxiety, but he's less self-conscious than he was in Barney's Version, and plays amusingly off McCarthy regular Bobby Cannavale.
Win Win is one of those movies that grows in stature as you watch it.
It's refreshing to see a lawyer unshackled from the usual cinematic stereotypes.
You have a funny situation, and there's some truth in it and unexpected characters, well-acted, and you may not have a great film but you enjoy watching it.
McCarthy's decision to focus so keenly on these characters and not the potentially destructive forces surrounding them is the most important one for Win Win.
A small but pleasurable film that nonetheless leaves room for improvement, "Win Win" is more like "Win Tie" on final calculation.
Rarely has the title of a film better described its contents. Win Win is yet another funny, poignant and endearing creation by writer/actor/director Tom McCarthy. Turns out, sometimes there is truth in advertising.
...the inhabitants of the film's off-kilter world are as vividly realized and authentically portrayed as one might have expected.
Through three films, writer-director (and occasional actor) Tom McCarthy has navigated a tricky line between winsome and melancholy.
In its charming and self-effacing way, "Win Win'' is the most radical movie yet from writer-director Tom McCarthy, and it may be one of the more daring movies to be recently released in America.
McCarthy builds his narrative with care and without sentiment and it's impossible to not feel for these characters. Who hasn't taken an easier way out rather than the high road at some time in their lives?
I don't think they're believable at all.
There's no great narrative momentum to Win Win, and that's fine, because it's such an enjoyable little slice of life.
Enjoyably pitched on life's fork in the road between comedy and drama, the easy way and the hard way.
A sports movie in which winning is neither everything nor the only thing.
Although shafted by politicians and the economy, the middle class is now a winner on the screen.
Wry, whimsical and compassionate, it's worth a trip to the multiplex.
Tom McCarthy made an impressive filmmaking debut eight years ago as the writer and director of the indie hit The Station Agent, which introduced us to Peter Dinklage and Peter
A really well made dramedy that benefits from a funny and touching script by McCarthy and one of the best ensemble casts of the year.
Win Win earns its title as a genuinely warm film that surprises and delights with humour, intelligence and perfect performances from all its cast. The real winner is the audience lucky enough to catch this gem.
Though Win Win seems overplotted, what finally emerges is an emotionally honest, economically real portrait of a guy who thinks he's got things figured out, until more problems arise.
Giamatti knows how to play characters in conflict not only with the world but with themselves.
All these characters make a beautiful mess together, even if McCarthy spends too much time tidying it up.
Low-key but disarming comedy-drama stars Paul Giamatti as a beleaguered small-town lawyer and wrestling coach.
This one really is winning all the way.
Win Win isn't exactly easy to sum up or pitch in one sentence, which reveals how deceptively complex it is. It could be a modern Jean Renoir movie.
Mature dramedy triumphs with grace and wisdom.
"Win Win" is more comic than McCarthy's other films, intentionally and successfully.
Shaffer, an actual top-ranked high-school wrestler, may not be a professional actor, but that's almost certainly about to change.
McCarthy has a rare ability to make familiar situations seem fresh in an era when many so-called indie films have become as predictable and formulaic as their big-budget brethren.
An emotionally satisfying drama about sports, family, and money problems in which everyone gets a second chance. One of the Best Movies of 2011!
The fine acting, interesting characters, terrific script and, of course, direction are the reasons to do yourself a favor and see this film.
McCarthy's put together one terrific ensemble, including former state wrestling champ Shaffer who's a charismatic natural in his acting debut.
There are no real surprises, but this is not to say that "Win Win" is rote or formulaic. Quite the opposite.
The principal joy of "Win Win" is how often it fails to meet one's programmed expectations. The effect is oddly exhilarating.
There's a strain of the inspirational sports movie here, but it doesn't overwhelm the sharply observed story of credible people trying to connect.
Warmly observed and solicitous of its audience to the point of caress, Win Win is as comfortable an experience at the movies as you might have this year.
If it doesn't score a pin, it comes out a winner on points.
Written and directed by Tom McCarthy with an impeccable feel for off-center human comedy at its funniest and most heartfelt, its low-key qualities are so relaxed and unforced every moment feels like a gift.
Its unfussy realism makes every funny moment and painful setback seem well-earned and believable.
Who will assemble a finer ensemble this year? McCarthy's Win Win cast sheet reads like a film nerd's fantasy football squad.
Extremely well-crafted, what makes 'Win Win' a champ of sorts is how it maintains the right tempo throughout the film. Gliding from one scene to the next, there is not a superfluous moment in the entire film.
Win Win isn't the most visually stimulating 90 minutes you could spend at arthouses this spring, but it might just be the most emotionally stimulating.
Isn't [Tom] McCarthy at his best but it's still better than most.
Win Win isn't aiming for anything grand or life-altering, but sometimes it's almost better to see a simple and resonant story told so well.
If charm were enough, this slight but very sweet domestic comedy would knock it out of the park.
As Kyle, newcomer Alex Shaffer finds fresh colors in the old delinquent spectrum, and Giamatti, who's at his best, gives nervous scrambling an undertone of tenderness.
No actor does ennobled schnook better than Paul Giamatti.
Win Win is indie with the edges sanded down completely.
McCarthy's screenwriting is so supple, his characterizations so well-observed and sharply detailed, that none of the little story dovetails... seem at all contrived or forced.
A delight, a movie that's smart and emotionally honest about juggling the problems life sends you. It's already at the top of my list as one of the year's best.
The movie is amiable and funny but a little timid.
Despite embroiling its characters in thorny ethical and legal quandaries, Win Win is after only uncomplicated tidiness.
Everything about McCarthy's film feels easygoing and economical. His scripting is sharp and laugh-out-loud funny, with relationships and family dynamics establilshed quickly in an unfussy fashion.
This movie wins you over, head and heart, without cheating. It's just about perfect.
This bittersweet dramedy may be the closest thing to an honest depiction of the state of contemporary American communities.
Blessed is the go-for-it movie that can make room for dissonances and weirdness.
Paul Giamatti turns sitcomish fare into a highly watchable dramedy.
W/D McCarthy addresses the everyday issues with such humanity and natural humor, intermingling the comedy and drama into a perfectly-hued shade of heightened reality ... that WIN WIN is about as good as it gets.
An authentic, truthfull family film, and a nice change of pace for Paul Giamatti.
An effortless dramedy about family and responsibility that transcends its situational humor with sublime comic performances.
A film with a big heart; it's an eccentric dramedy and a crowd pleaser.
There's a lovely somber undercurrent at play here about recognizable people doing their best to carve out a decent life in a punishing economy.
A disappointing domestic comedy in which all but the audience get what they want.


@highlight

Rich, wonderful characters and strong performances populate Win Win , with writer/director Thomas McCarthy continuing to emerge as a great American humanist.