This is a movie that never takes itself too seriously, except when it comes to action. Which is to say, it delivers on what it promises and keeps you entertained the entire time.
... an entertaining film, without the big, typical Hollywood budgets... [Full review in Spanish]
If you like your action comic-book style, with the emphasis more on slapstick than on blood and gore, this silly but slick sequel is a great way to get your fix.
Silly action with phony-looking stunts. And, the story? Don't get me started. Paul Chambers, CNN.
French parkour-action sequel - featuring David Belle, one of the inventors of the sport - to the kinetic dystopian 2004 film District B13, features lots of incredible stunts that at least look as though they weren't accomplished by the use of green screen
Adrenaline-filled, high-flying and brutal. A truly impressive action film that will hit you in the chest with awesome.
Evildoers vs. parkour-running underdog heroes
The chief motivation for watching this film is to see people bouncing off walls. That being the case, you could just as easily watch neighborhood kids on a sugar rush.
No need for CGI when you've got sweet moves, fast feet and a bottomless hoard of adrenaline.
Mission accomplie.
the film is an enormous amount of fun and it provides everything that one could possibly want in a piece of straightforward cinematic eye candy
This sequel to the French actioner District B13 (2004) offers more of what made the original such a sublimely stupid pleasure.
If anyone is going to persuade fanboys to attend a movie with French subtitles, that man is Luc Besson.
The parkour action doesn't get old --- it just becomes more amazing.
Here's hoping this second version is the final installment of this particular story. Let's not completely ruin a good thing.
Little more than a series of loosely connected (and fairly effective) action set pieces.
While it doesn't match the bombastic, bone-breaking brio of its predecessor, 2004's District B-13, this sequel imaginatively spices up the leftovers.
This is the first action movie in which bombs serve a humanitarian end.
If you enjoyed the first installment, Ultimatum will probably be right up your alley...not to mention your fire-escape railing and your rooftop ledge.
The start-stop rhythm lets you know when you can focus less on the obvious plot mechanics and governmental conspiracy stuff, and recharge for the next ridiculous and acrobatic Parkour sequence.
This tale of conspiracy and corruption, directed with adrenalized pleasure by Patrick Alessandrin and written by a reinvigorated Luc Besson, has a brain.
It's easy to call this film a video action game starring real people, but that "real" part means a lot. I'd rather see a world-class martial artist like Raffaelli do his thing instead of a CGI simulacrum.
The whole thing is nothing more than visual candy, and while that doesn't make the finished product all that filling once consumed going down I have to admit the darn thing is really quite tasty.
Those inclined to want to see a couple guys exercise cat-like martial arts moves against a loosely egalitarian sociological narrative backdrop will spark to the movie, and its sloppy embrace of joie de vivre.
That Besson's screenplay seems almost computer-generated isn't really a problem. The story's sole function is to provide an excuse for dazzling action scenes in the Jackie Chan mode -- which are again handily worth the ride.
Raffaeli and Belle still lack the charm that would make their tight-lipped line deliveries memorable, but they still run, kick and hop around like nobody's business.
Solid, B-level popcorn entertainment.
Suffering from fewer of the stunts that made the original film a sensation and an afterthought of a script, District 13: Ultimatum is an auto-pilot shell of its sire.
Approaches politics like an Axe commercial. Like a cocky 14-year-old, it's all bluster when we want grownup charm and menace.
There's little difference between the first and second movies so the perfunctory story line will feel familiar to fans. But the action, and the head-spinning stunts of those agile lead actors, will never get old.
Simply put, if you're wearing a uniform in this movie, you're going to get hammered. And you're going to be too dumb to just draw your pistol and shoot one of the stars.
The plot is ludicrous but one doesn't go to Luc Besson action films for character-driven storytelling; they go for exactly what this film promises and delivers -- frenetic, inspired, grin-inducing action.
The film doesn't drag, exactly - it's hard for a 90 minute film that focuses on a trio of extended martial arts setpieces to ever truly bog down - but it does lose momentum occasionally.
Luc Besson's script marries his B-movie sensibility with appropriately sophomoric political grandstanding...
Pleasurable nonsense and another reminder that one of the great pulls of cinema is the spectacle of bodies in blissful motion.
It isn't as slick or clean as its predecessor, [but] the movie manages to move briskly and cheerfully through its running time.
Is this sequel bad? Not by a long shot. Just disappointing, if you're expecting it to measure up to the original.
When D13: Ultimatum is firing on all cylinders, it's a bad-ass action movie. When it functions as a delivery mechanism for a social message, it's corny as all hell, but still pleasant enough.
It amounts to a raucous and colorfully junky helping of seconds.
So long as it sticks to the stunts, it's fun. Unfortunately, when it delivers its masses-against-the-man message, it stumbles. And that's far too often.
Besson's philosophy of breakneck action and spectacular set pieces guides the brilliant blend of physical stunts and cartoon conception of a walled-in slum on the fringes of a near-future Paris.
Roof-hopping, check. Banister-leaping, mais, oui.
the "art of movement" has been replaced by the same old Hollywood histrionics.
District B13 begged for a cash-in sequel, and Besson certainly isn't above providing one.
Gone is the ballet. What remains is the butt-kicking, a lively but familiar style of martial arts that show our heroes as fit as ever, but maybe not as creative.
Kung fu rebels battle corrupt cops in a futuristic Parisian slum. Satisfying sequel to District B13 from the Luc Besson workshop.
Your time is better spent tracking down a DVD of the original, which was a highlight of a rapidly deteriorating genre.
It's fortunate ... that Besson, the sole credited writer, and director Patrick Alessandrin take their sweet time getting to the plot.
Besson explains the plot three times more than necessary.
The fight-the-power scenario operates as a rebel fantasy of empowered French multicultural youth, yet it's one that never rises above cartoonishness.
It's campier than its predecessor, but its gung ho union of black, white, and Asian gangs against reactionaries who'd destroy them is a virtuosic assertion of punky Parisian multiculturalism.
A safe but serviceable sequel.
The real kick of the material is had when the characters are forced to fly their way out of tight situations, or reduce a team of aggressors to a heaving pile of wounded groans.
Jumps the shark regularly with glee . . .
A competent if flabby rehash of the first film's race-against-time plot and dystopian setting.
The dialogue and storyline are both a little on the clunky side, but the action excels.
The film's real problem is building momentum from its action set-pieces. Belle's agility and Raffaelli's fleet footwork are fine, but the parade of rent-a-thugs toppling like ninepins isn't very exciting.
An entertaining sequel with a political subtext that doesn't get in the way of the wall-to-wall action.
Light on its feet, but heavy in its brain.
The stunt work is good, the script feeble.
It's muscular, dumb entertainment, edited like gangbusters and with villains who want to blow up the entire Parisian underclass.
The stunts and fights are all the film needs to justify its existence - never mind that the story is comic-book silliness.
When you've stopped chortling at the sheer impertinence of it, this sequel emerges as a pretty conventional re-run of the original, boasting impressive stunt fights waged by characters so thin they'd blow away in a light breeze.
It's not hard to be engaged by the sheer energy of the District 13 films and, despite a handful of minor plot gripes, the sequel more than matches its predecessor for eye-popping action and relentless drive.
The reason this wildly improbable, socially clueless drivel is easily the most entertaining film of the week is that it contains three of the most exciting action sequences I've seen in the past ten years.
A Parisian conspiracy thriller of frankly preposterous dimensions.
The expertly choreographed and often preposterous fight sequences are reminiscent of Jackie Chan in his glory days and are the saving grace of an otherwise crude thriller.
A rebellious political message is let down by a popcorn ending but this is a humorous, energetic conspiracy flick, hitting somewhere between Enemy Of The State and Crank.
Breathless, inspired and hugely enjoyable action.
Entertaining, fast-paced action thriller with some delightfully demented set-pieces.
Luc Besson and pals are back with another crazed action movie that, despite its ludicrous plotting, keeps us entertained with sheer energy and wit. And the central duo is turning into a pretty good movie team.





@highlight

District 13 bites off more than it can chew with its political subtext and questionable script, but the many action sequences are never less than entertaining.