... thrives on humour but takes its vampire business just seriously enough to keep from collapsing into camp.
The producers had the right idea hiring former Buffy the Vampire Slayer scribe Marti Noxon to write the screenplay. Unfortunately, they also hired director Craig Gillespie, who once again shows why he shouldn't be allowed around film equipment.
While it might have reignited interest in the original and its sequel, the new "Fright Night" itself will probably be forgotten 26 years from now when there won't even be a bargain DVD bin at Walmart for us fish it out of.
When you consider how many wretched horror remakes we have to suffer through, doesn't a B+ effort like this one deserve a nice pat on the back?
A 400-year-old vampire leaving a trail of undead corpses in his wake is nowhere near as terrifying as Colin Farrell threatening to bang your Mom.
This creepy and well-made drama offers up a few light-hearted moments to go along with its scares.
Fright Night is an easily digested horror that doesn't rise above being just decent.
The script by TV writer-producer Marti Noxon is so unimaginative that people are actually called "douchebag!" in four different scenes.
Can a 3D horror movie be a thing of beauty? In the case of this gorgeously shot remake, the answer is "Yes!"
Remake or not, if you're going to make a vampire movie in 2011, you'd better at least try to do something original. Something. Anything.
Overall, this is an improvement over the 1985 version of the film, but there are still some issues with the story that needed to be worked out.
...just another in a long line of needless horror remakes...
Just a messy reworking with no grasp on its premise or its concept.
Fright Night has some rough patches, but the film is entertaining through-and-through, largely thanks to Colin Farrell's predatory performance.
The fun of this new Fright Night is in the nuances, the quirky character bits and the sly bits of intelligence that sparkle along the way.
While it's unspooling, it has enough visual snap, narrative tension, and humor for a satisfying 'drive-in movie' diversion. [3D Blu-ray]
It's not that the Fright Night remake is that bad. It's just not that good.
... A tight little horror movie, well staged and acted, and with a fair amount of comedy sprinkled among the scares.
Just because it's more than 25 years old doesn't mean a movie needs to be remade. The 1985 movie 'Fright Night' is still enjoyable and quite entertaining. Now here's an above-average remake that adds a few changes, along with 3-D.
A cast limited in number but overflowing in healthy cell count and talent makes for a superior bloodfest here.
Another week, another remake of a 1980s flick! As someone once said it is as if Hollywood is deciding which movies to make by flipping through their DVD collection!
senario kai skhnothesia pnigontai sthn ypotagh stis apaithseis toy koinoy-stoxoy toys, smparaliazontas ton tono gia na foresoyn ta kalogyalismena skhnika sta xrwmata ths sepias toy katalogoy ap' opoy pswnizoyn yfos oi stoyntiades me ta prokat goysta
Be it in two dimensions or three, Fright Night is a bloody bucket-load of fun.
The movie peaks far too early in its battle of wills over property lines but a good time at the movies is as infectious as vampirism, and more highly recommended.
Fright Night 3D qualifies as a successful entry in a tricky genre - blending flip humour and emotional intensity in a way that feels true after its fashion to the facts of teenage life.
Takes inspiration from the 1985 film but runs its own race with a few nice tweaks.
The end result is a mood that's funny and playful, like a really good late-night movie on TV.
Inept plotting, a lack of pacing, and a criminal neglect of its primary antagonist are a few of the nails that seal the lid on director Craig Gillespie's wayward remake of Tom Holland's original 1985 "Fright Night."
Tedious, scareless, worthless.
Not for a minute is Fright Night either funny or scary. That's not too good in a comedy horror film.
Does this need to be in 3D? Of course not. And neither did it really need to be remade. But it has -- and it's fun. Fang-tastic fun, in fact.
Fright Night has all the elements you'd expect from a teenage vampire movie in 2011 - and that's one of its problems: predictability. But it is also its strength, in that it sticks to the comic horror genre template
There should have been more scenes with the actors under Farrell's magnetic spell before the chase is on. Fright Night even manages to underwhelm in the climax.
As much as boys in Charley's position (fatherless, bullied, not as witty as he'd like to think) might want approval from older guys, Charley's rather surrounded by unsuitable role models.
Even the addition of 3D, which so often feels superfluous, is deployed here with hair-raising effect.
The original's homoerotic aspect has been dropped, the special effects are far more elaborate and the action infinitely more violent.
If the remakers of Conan the Barbarian wonder how the remake of Fright Night got it right, here's a hint: it's the writing, you fools.
Even Platinum Dunes make better remakes than this.
This is a pretty droll and well-made entertainment.
Providing a matinee's worth of excitement, this Fright Night manages to scare up more than a few chills.
Believe it or not, this version of Fright Night is actually better than the original - packing in just the right amount of laughs and chills from a cast you'd expect to be above this sort of thing.
Why is the whole thing so watchable? Farrell is extremely good value. So is Toni Collette as the sex-starved but sensible single mom of high-school hero Charlie.
Rescuing the vampire genre from the clutches of Twilight's brooding heartthrobs, Fright Night delivers a wickedly entertaining mix of laughs and scares.
It is entertaining, thanks to superior CGI effects and, most of all, Farrell's knowing and understated performance.
A jaunty remake of the 1985 horror-comedy that gives Farrell his juiciest leading role in years, literally.
It's smart and funny, but (unlike the original) instantly forgettable, and, crucially, not remotely frightening - even with blood and intestines spattering out in 3D.
It wittily updates Tom Holland's original vampire story so that it becomes a pointed commentary on America's current housing crisis.
For the all-American sub-Twilight fright vehicle its trying to be, it's not badly made...
It's pretty entertaining, though not great. Fans of the original may well think this is a poor copy.
Entertaining horror comedy remake with strong performances, an amusing script and some inventively used 3D effects, though it's never quite as scary or as funny as it ought to be.
A welcome and fun return to the vampire flick that aims to scare as easily as it entertains.
A boring revamp, with dull 3D effects, insipid teenage protagonists and only sporadically scary outbursts of neck-biting, crucifix-wielding and staking through the heart.
Farrell's the man you warned your Mother about.
If you want a slick, determinedly mainstream Saturday night's entertainment, Fright Night will certainly provide it - but Craig Gillespie is capable of much odder fodder than this derivative multiplex filler.
It's a bad movie that's bad and you shouldn't see it.
Funny and scary - and sometimes both at once - it lives up to the original, even if it fails to surpass it.
[T]his delightfully perverse little movie makes me more nostalgic for [the 80s] and the feeling those movies gave me than the self-consciously retro Super 8 does...
Engaging, nasty, economic, violent and funny, this Fright Night is a great summer joint.
Brings a whole lot of sorely missed evil back to the vampire genre.
An unnecessary remake perhaps, but a knowingly updated one, with strong work from Colin Farrell and David Tennant. This film is great fun.
Night as fun as it is Frightening.
A surprisingly good vampire movie at a time when even barely decent vampire movies are rare.
While this nouveau Fright Night does a reasonable job of maintaining the fun spirit of the original film, ... (it) never quite makes a convincing case for its own existence.
Silly, scary, and consistently entertaining, Fright Night was made for popcorn noshing-or vice versa.
A textbook August movie... if not time well-spent, certainly not anything to regret.
Colin Farrell is a super freaky vampire.
May not hold a flickering haunted-house candle to the 1985 original, but it nevertheless may be the best 'B' film of the year.
The remake has the same jokey, snarky tone of the original mixed with plenty of genuine, delicious scares.
It's amazing that, in the long and unillustrious history of sexy screen vampires, no one thought till now to put fangs on Colin Farrell.
When you get that blend of horror and humor right you have a good movie - this is a good movie!
while arguably unnecessary, it shows how old-school pleasures can comfortably co-exist with modern updates
A film that can't decide what it is...but Colin Farrell and David Tennant know what they are. So that's something.
'Fright Night' a great balance between the scares, the action and the fun. Also, you can tell Farrell is really enjoying himself.
Fright Night will not survive parking-lot logic, wherein on the way to the car you begin to trip over the plot holes.
Fright Night reaffirms my hatred of 3D. It is another example of a good movie almost ruined by horrible 3D. I was tempted to walk out, but glad I stayed.
This remake is well written, well cast and a hell of a lot of fun.
Flat, charmless and downright boring at times, the not frightening Fright Night will succeed only in making viewers yearn for the far superior original 1985 film.
If you weren't around in 1985 to enjoy it, the original Fright Night is worth a Netflix rental ... The new souped-up version isn't bad as far as these remakes go.
Finally - after a long dry spell - here's a vampire movie that doesn't suck. This makes it seem better than it is, as long as you don't squeeze your eyeballs in a 3D theater.
With a game cast and playful tone, Fright Night takes us back to the days when vampires were to be feared and horror was fun to watch, yet still stands as another unnecessary remake.
Hey, no Twilight vegan, goody-two-shoes crap here. At least this vampire sucks. Unfortunately, so does much of his movie
Fright Night proves that when it comes to entertaining movies about vampires, there's still plenty of room left in the cinematic coffin.
Colin Farrell's performance as Jerry is the pulsing, stakeable heart of the movie.
Fright Night has returned and managed the rare feat of being a worthy remake that honors the spirit of the original while giving fans something new to sink their teeth into.
3D 'Fright Night' Lacks Original's Bite
It's got laughs and chills in exactly the right measure, just as good, old-fashioned B-movie entertainment should.
'Fright Night,' offers nothing new to the genre. Besides being too campy, the film, shown in 3D, lacks any arresting visuals and suspense. If you are looking to see a good "creepy neighbor" film, try Shia LaBeouf's 'Disturbia!'
Farrell is all darting eyes, facial ticks and macho confidence. He never goes over the top, he's not a showy actor, but he's clearly relishing his role and eating it up with abandon. He makes this a Night to remember.
Disposable, joyless and boasting none of the wit and thrills of the original, you can't help but wonder how Fright Night messed up a concept as ripe as vampires taking over a suburban subdivision?
It provides the requisite late summer chills and thrills and doesn't make you feel like the memory of the original is being trashed.
A few cool 3D effects are the only improvement Fright Night offers over the campy original.
Comedy is hard and comedy-horror is harder, but this remake of Tom Holland's 1985 movie about a suburban teen who thinks his new neighbor is a vampire gets the mix right.
The stars are able to keep the tedium at bay for a little while.
A remarkably confident remake that boasts its own pleasures more often than not.
Back in my day, when we were certain the new, odd neighbor was a vampire we'd spend the bulk of the second act in knots because nobody, nobody, would believe us.
Regardless, it's a nice change of pace to watch a film that takes the vampire mythology seriously and doesn't contain brooding hemoglobin-suckers that sparkle like diamonds in the sunlight.
The new Fright Night lacks charm and depth. It's strictly for subscribers of Fangoria magazine in that it commits to its R rating and gives gore hounds a lot to sink their teeth into. (Content Review for Parents also available)
Once David Tennant gets involved as the disreputable Vegas illusionist to whom Yelchin turns for assistance, director Craig Gillespie finds the groove he's been chasing and Farrell has an adversary with the proper stature -- and terrific comic timing.
The new Dreamworks/Disney teen horror comedy, Fright Night, falls into the better-than-expected category.
Voilà! Black magic.
Fright Night represents a well oiled machine of goosed senses that has no clearly defined motivating purposes, even within the genre confines of its own story.
Fright Night is a refreshing surprise and the rare genre remake that is just as good, if not better, than the original.
There is a fine line between the release of tension we get from laughing and the release we get from gasping in fear, and it confidently alternates between the two.
It improves on the premise it has been handed, producing a modernized version of a decades-old story that's superior to its predecessor in virtually every aspect.
Gillespie just wants to alternately amuse and frighten you and, to a large extent, he succeeds.
Feeble comic one-liners and slow pacing combine for a routine fangfest in this remake of the 1985 film.
Solid B-movie entertainment with some equal parts shocks and laughs
It might be a response to a craze, but it gnaws out its own niche within the catacombs of B-moviedom.
Like some of Sam Raimi's best work, 'Fright Night' is lighthearted and silly even as it feels fully invested.
The creators of 'Fright Night' tried to make a lukewarm horror flick from the '80's seem cool and relevant in 2011. They failed. Nonetheless, this was better than the atrocious remakes of 'Friday the 13th' and 'Elm Street.'
Fright Night is a superior reassembling of the pieces of writer/director Tom Holland's 1985 original.
Half the humor, twice the gore. Still, casting Colin Farrell as the fanged one is a big win.
Fright has matured nicely over the quarter-century. While remaining sharp-tongued, the film knows its place on the teen landscape.
"Fright Night" isn't quite a classic vampire movie, but it's refreshingly straightforward and self-deprecating.
The modern-day updates to the story work well on a number of levels, but the movie doesn't really need to exist, and certainly not in 3D.
Farrell's toothsome demon is a post-millennial version of sexy, which is intriguing, but not nearly as fun to watch as Frank Langella's hair.
Ultimately, it's a solid update of a fondly remembered minor hit.
Really frickin great.
"Fright Night" joins "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" as proof that you actually can do this sort of thing correctly.
The old "Fright Night" was both self-aware and effectively scary, and if this one seems to prefer gruesome digital effects to old-fashioned bump-in-the-night spookiness, it still succeeds in keeping the audience both tickled and anxious.
Horror fans, rejoice! The vampire is scary again!
Farrell looks like he's having the time of his 400-year-old life.
Director Craig Gillespie walks a stable line between horror and comedy, honoring the spirit of the original, recapturing the feel of the general Goonies/Gremlins/Lost Boys era.
Closing in on a two-hour running time, Fright Night can feel eternal.
"Fright Night" is the best thing to happen to horror movies since red food coloring and Karo syrup.
Knowingly blends Eighties cheese with Nineties snark -- a combination that works better than it sounds.
Fright Night is like a desperately needed meal. Sure, it's just a burger and fries and a gallon of Coke, but it really hits the spot.
A top-notch mixture of horror and dark comedy...a slam-bang popcorn movie that really delivers the goods, if you don't mind the popcorn sprinkled with a little red sauce.
...after an insane chase which stops on a deserted stretch of highway, Jerry slaughters a surprise guest star from the original film only to be temporarily felled by one of the funniest product placements in movie history.
Gillespie's movie is light and enjoyably foul, and part of the pleasure of watching is the evident pleasure everyone involved had in making it.
The new Fright Night is actually an improvement in many ways -- it's good enough, and entertaining enough, and scary enough. It's just that by Labor Day, you'll probably forget you even saw it.
The new Fright Night is much more serious and intense, but not in a particularly entertaining way.
With so many of the elements missing from the horror genre in the '10s, this is one of the best scary movies Hollywood has produced in a long time.
Silly, scary re-imagining of the humor/horror vampire thriller.
What really keeps Fright Night's pulse throbbing is a trio of vigorous performances that compensate for a general dearth of terror.
A disappointing and nonsensical remake...
This "Fright Night" is strictly for horror-movie fans; it's never clever enough to move above its essential silliness.
It really comes into its own thanks to a great ensemble, an underlying theme about growing pains that should embolden the hypnotized Twilight fans and a rare, genuine mix of horror and comedy that complement each other as well as it did 26 years ago.
... too poorly written (by Marti Noxon) to amount to much ...
Director Craig Gillespie and writer Marti Noxon locate a fertile vein of goofy-scary fun.
This decent remake of the '80s vampire favorite should satiate horror fans.
It hearkens back to an era when horror didn't take itself so seriously: before the pretense and shock tactics of torture porn all but swallowed the genre whole.
"Fright Night" always seems to be heading toward another obligatory uninspired set piece, including a too-dark-to-see-in-3-D car chase and too-boring-to-care basement stakeout, both of which dilute the movie's Coumadin-thin metaphors about adolescence.
The rare remake that gets things exactly right, tweaking the setting, the background details, and the era while staying true to the spirit and soul that made the first film worth updating to begin with.
There's an irrelevance to the movie that the filmmakers, hard as they try, can't quite shake -- something awfully square about the picture: It would have played a lot better a decade ago.
This remake is good fun, aided in no small degree by Colin Farrell's strutting, dead-eyed performance as the bloodsucker and Christopher Mintz-Plasse's early appearance as a geeky classmate of the hero's.
Farrell and Tennant are the best reason to see a movie that's sometimes more trying than fun.
Though the will was clearly there to reinvent an '80s classic in style, Fright Night never quite lives up to the promise of its upscale cast.
It honors the original throughout, including a memorable nightclub scene and a surprise cameo that's a huge crowd-pleaser, while at the same time giving updates to make it fresher and better than ever.
A surprising tasty late-summer treat!
Not scary but intense, not hilarious but amusing, and not fully rewarding but fun in the details. Good enough.
Compared to the lively original, the remake feels comatose, more consumed with surface details that targeting the joys of genre entertainment.
At least this new version stays true to its origins by having a bit of cheeky fun, and the way it contemporizes the story is really rather clever.
Aside from some cosmetic changes, little of what this Fright Night offers elevates it above the classification of "unnecessary."
The film's greatest pleasures come from Noxon's script -- which puts the sexual chaos created by Farrell's attractive bloodsucker front and center -- and from the performances.
As vampire movies go, "Fright Night" is a pretty good one.
...the light, yet dangerous tone is due, mainly, to Colin Farrell.
...it delivers its knowingly unrefined thrills in a smart, engaging and not unpleasantly ruthless way, and never lets its cheekiness get in the way of its creepiness.
Luckily for Gillespie, he's working with some solid source material and an absolutely stellar cast, both with the power to stake that shoddy extra dimension right in the heart.
Despite some unexpected cultural observations and insights into its male protagonist's sexual insecurities, Fright Night is very much a product of our time.
Gillespie's Fright Night retains the cool but spooky factor of the first film, with a couple of 3D effects thrown in ... provides a fang full of fun.
Fright Night is one of those rare remakes that has the ability to hold its head up proudly on its own merits but also manages to loving pay its respect to its source material without ever taking anything away from the original film
Badly written, lethargically directed, smothering the few fun performances that could have saved it, Fright Night 3D sucks.
A cleverly balanced mix of scares and laughs that is funnier and more terrifying than the 1985 original on which it's based.
No matter how chaotic things get, [Colin] Farrell never loses his cool.
Screenwriter Marti Noxon streamlines more than simply regurgitates the original while keeping its playful sense of humor intact.
Farrell is so good at playing characters with a lack of morals or decency that Jerry is a perfect role for him.
The casting of Colin Farrell is inspired, but the script doesn't give him much to do other than pose and strut. With his strange mannerisms and cool-uncle shtick, Jerry seems more like a third-rate male model on depressants than a horrifying night killer.
It has fun with itself, which is also a good deal for the audience.
Slick popcorn horror, faithful to the fun and flair of the original.


@highlight

It may not have been necessary to remake the 1985 cult classic, but the new Fright Night benefits from terrific performances by Colin Farrell and David Tennant -- and it's smart, funny, and stylishly gory to boot.