Warcraft is meant to be the beginning of a new movie franchise. Here's hoping the next installment finds a better balance between overwhelming action and satisfying storytelling.
It's not bad, it's just misguided.
There is just so much lore trying to be crammed into two hours, and you just can't do that with WarCraft. Because of that, the pacing is so off.
A work must stand on its own and, uprooted from its source; Warcraft can not stand up. [Full review in Spanish]
Even if you accept that the plot is geared more towards extreme fanatics of the lore, is still incredibly generic and full of clichés
This dreadfully boring film ends with the hope of a sequel. It's time to introduce the makers to John Lennon. 'Make love, not war...'
Maybe it could have used some more Leeroy Jenkins. As it is, this should be renamed "Snorecraft."
... when it comes to entertainment value, Warcraft is the kind that can leave you with a splitting headache and an empty wallet.
Warcraft will surely be of interest only to fans of the long-standing video game on which it is based. For everyone else it's a long and tediously complex fantasy aimed very clearly at the Lord Of The Rings/Games Of Thrones market.
The quality of the motion capture makes you glad that this was made now and not 10 years ago.
Warcraft is a welcome change from all the superheroes in spandex and capes that we've been inundated with since the beginning of the year.
Way less joyous and far more serious than it should be.
As someone who's been playing Warcraft games for over two-thirds of my life, Warcraft was just good enough to make me aware of what could have been -- and just bad enough to make me despair that it wasn't.
Give this film a miss, there are better ways and better films to invest your time in.
Members of the devoted Fanboy community might know the backstory to every tiny Warcraft reference but this really is a put-your-feet-up-and-enjoy fantasy adventure.
The whole thing simply couldn't be any more lifeless, generic, and beige.
With its stretched narrative, thinly-written characters, and sub-par CGI, Warcraft is an adaptation that's not likely to please long-standing fans of the games or those merely looking for an entertaining fantasy adventure.
The core storyline, an epic tale of war and the corruption of power, is overshadowed by scenes that could easily have been lifted from the disastrous 2000 Dungeons & Dragons movie.
An in-one-eye-and-out-the-other spectacle of elaborate and painstaking digital effects in a fantasy medieval milieu: Call it 'Video Game of Thrones.'
If there's one reliable measure of an action movie's script quality, it's the ratio of meetings to run time -- the higher, the duller -- and Warcraft is chock full of tense discussions around maps.
Warcraft can't help but be a major disappointment, the game all but over as far as this particular fantasy franchise is alas concerned.
Warcraft goes heavy on the world-building with great production design and a serious focus on action scenes, but ends too ambiguously to make any real impact.
Although the film desperately tries to inject some emotion and gravitas to the proceedings, the CGI-heavy treatment and underdeveloped characters result in a curiously cold end result.
The film as a whole is a real mess. Not that it matters. The Chinese market is going to ensure that we are treated to Warcraft stories for years to come.
It's an overly serious, slavish-to-game-canon, Lord Of The Rings-lite fantasy that looks glossy but fails to engage emotionally.
It's frustrating that a director as talented as Duncan Jones comes up short with his first turn at a big budget movie.
Rushed, confusing and aimed only at fans of the game. Not even the special effects can save this one. A shame, really. [Full review in Spanish]
Great special effects can't save a boring film with a script that needed much more work. [Full review in Spanish]
It took me a long time to get my head around these characters and the way in which they weave their magic.
Violent, boring, badly told video game-based fantasy.
A bloated, boring 123-minute mess of globby computer effects and soulless battles... "Warcraft" makes you fear for the future of movies.
A big letdown, especially with the previous work from this director. [Full review in Spanish]
Warcraft is not the disaster many critics have announced, but it definitely is a wasted opportunity. [Full review in Spanish]
The visuals are solid but the story meanders and the lackluster characters make this adaptation feel like a drag.
On a narrative level, there's too much exposition, making the two hour running time apparent. On a performance level, the cast is mediocre. [Full review in Spanish]
Jones develops a film based on a videogame without visual confusion, with narrative logic and with great fights, very suitable for its release in IMAX. [Full review in Spanish]
Curiously campy adaptation with too much war and too little craft.
Somewhere, there seems to be some sort of intention of making a movie, but it's overshadowed by CGI and the desire to create a franchise at any cost. [Full review in Spanish]
This is basically a two-hour battle between humans and orcs, one that owes The Lord of the Rings franchise and the television series Game of Thrones.
Unless you are very familiar with the video game or novels, trying to follow the plot of this movie is like trying to follow a story committee meeting in which the participants are having a lot of disagreements. It is hardly a standalone story.
You can tell there is a lot of heart and effort that went into the making of Warcraft, which makes its artistic failure as a would-be fantasy epic all the more depressing.
It's a mess narrative wise, and is painfully convoluted, but often times I found myself very entertained and intrigued...
The Warcraft movie brings the videogame to life with some flaws but also many good surprises. [Full review in Spanish]
This could easily be the start of a successful and epic saga of films. [Full review in Spanish]
If we can somehow separate the film from the expectations implied by the genre-defining LOTR the unique pleasures of Warcraft: The Beginning become a little easier to embrace.
The performances are solid, given the banality of the material, and the special effects are impressive, but there is little in Warcraft that hasn't been seen before.
If you prefer Wagner to Mozart, dark chocolate to milk, or even Lennon to McCartney, you may prefer Duncan Jones' epic fantasy Warcraft to anything coming out involving people who can fly, mutate, avenge or be super. I certainly did.
Video game to movie adaptations are known to be historically bad. Warcraft doesn't quite break that trend, but it is a solid step forward.
If you're already Bored with the Rings, then fantasy epic Warcraft is the last thing you'll want to see.
... an ill-conceived, big-budget fantasy hybrid of spectacle over substance that too often feels like a disjointed collection of rejected "Lord of the Rings" outtakes.
This is summer escapism.
A good story poorly told is often worse than a bad story told well.
We didn't expect to be amazed, but at least entertained. We weren't. [Full review in Spanish]
Warcraft is a film made only for fans of the videogames. [Full review in Spanish]
The film has great rhythm and only stops on the best moments of the film: action sequences straight out of a videogame. [Full review in Spanish]
The only drawback is that Warcraft is a mere beginning for a franchise, but it could branch out to more interesting stories. [Full review in Spanish]
Quick entertainment with no personality that only works as a premise to a franchise. [Full review in Spanish]
A completely kitsch film that doesn't compare to other great fantasy films. [Full review in Spanish]
It is not in the same league as Toy Story 3, Up or Ratatouille, but it is still a worthwhile effort, worthy of bearing the Pixar name, and an admirable sequel to its predecessor.
Surprisingly well conceived and handsomely mounted, "Warcraft" exceeded my expectations.
A submissive digital splat.
For the rest of us, it's just another lousy video-game movie with pathetic delusions of Game of Thrones -- all the thunder, flying arrows and flashing broadswords but none of the political intrigue or subtlety of character.
Warcrafy is flawes but never boring or dull. [Full review in Spanish]
A lot of sentimental hogwash about fathers and sons heading off to war.
It's a vast mystical land of magic and wonder where everything feels like a tossed-off in-joke.
... So much money on the screen but nothing resembling passion or genuine inspiration.
Warcraft is not a total disaster and certainly looks a million bucks (or $160 million to be precise) but misses the mark as much as it hits it.
This is Duncan Jones' first big studio movie and I wouldn't be surprised if it's his last.
The game is the game. Warcraft: The Beginning, on the other hand, is barely a movie.
A film made by and for the fans and there's nothing wrong with that.
The 5.5 million active subscribers to the gaming phenomenon deserve better.
All sorts of people are calling themselves nerds nowadays, but [Warcraft] supplies an easy test. If you can sit through this bombastic epic fantasy -- and can give a coherent plot synopsis afterwards -- then you surely deserve the title.
Sitting through this adaptation left me with the impression that I was watching nothing more than overproduced cosplay.
Having sat through this baffling movie's grueling two hours, I can't in good conscience even recommend it to Warcraft devotees. There's nothing here for anyone --neither man nor orc.
[Warcraft's] derivative nature is not an unforgivable sin. What tips it over into the realm of rank odorousness is the acting and the dialogue.
The dialogue is pressure-packed with fortune-cookie foreboding ("no-one can ever stand against the darkness alone") and greeting-card slogans ("if love is what you need, you must travel to the ends of the earth to find it").
Warcraft predicts our future. The Orcs have the "fel". We have the LHC. See it once, then you will see it again.
Stuck with mostly vacant characters, the cast is lost in a dense woods, and even the horses they ride look embarrassed.
A surprisingly soulful character study dressed up as a special effects extravaganza. For every thing "Warcraft" does wrong - and there are many - it does something very right.
Warcraft isn't decent. It isn't awful, either, though that would honestly be preferable.
Crowded and scattershot.
Duncan Jones has helped mold a visually attractive, one-dimensional, overstuffed, and rambling mess of a film. You're shown this fantastical world in Warcraft, but you feel and remember nothing once it's over.
Large scale battles and magical pyrotechnics are nice supplements but the absence of well-formed characters and a meaningful narrative render such pretty things moot.
Warcraft is a film made with love. It is unafraid to be nerdy, it laughs in the face of mockery. It is, for better or for worse, the best video game adaptation that I have ever seen.
Fans of the game will be pleased, but it's "Game Over" for everyone else. [Full review in Spanish]
After a trying and torturous opening, the story starts coming into view, and Warcraft soon emerges as -- well, it's still a feeble flick, but it improves enough to avoid the year-end 10 Worst placement that initially appeared to be its birthright.
While it is visually very impressive, it doesn't soar as emotionally as Jones intended, which is necessary to be truly epic.
[Director Duncan Jones] draws sensitive performances ... amid vigorous action setpieces playing out on a massive canvas.
It's The Lord of the Rings on steroids. Shallow plot, but hey, it's based on a game so how deep can it be? Unlike some, I was able to overlook the flaws and had a good time.
I was bored out of my skull.
This franchise itself is like a portal to new adventures where the action is for ever open-ended, and fresh personalities and intrigue lie in wait. So far, this video game epic is pushing the right buttons.
Warcraft lays an enticing foundation for future installments in the fantasy-adventure series - at the expense of its current cast and story.
Warcraft is a language you don't speak, a code you can't crack, a party you weren't invited to.
Don't believe the bad buzz: Jones has embraced that "unfilmable" game, and made a ferocious and fun journey through the worlds of Warcraft.
It's so busy being awesome and textured that it forgets to give the audience a reason to care about anything that's happening.
The best thing about Warcraft is that it is character driven and feels personal, which is an amazing quality to have in an expensive effects picture.
I kinda liked it.
At its best, Warcraft is a passable and occasionally mildly entertaining fantasy film. Unfortunately, the rest of the time it's a slog of an epic by a director struggling to condense an unwieldy fantasy not of his own making.
There are plenty of flaws - an overabundance of storylines chief among them, followed by the occasional slip into silly action and/or overdone effects - but what fun to discover some virtues to set against them.
Overall Jones does a decent job at telling a tale and summoning the spectacle of a 21st-century blockbuster. That's more than you can say for the superhero movies released this year.
Director Duncan Jones has made a noble attempt to fashion a cinematic world of his own, but his characters lack the depth and substance to give the film any gravitas.
This is a film that requires an instruction manual going in-or perhaps years of training alongside solemn mages-simply to possess the superhuman endurance needed to enjoy it.
A CG hot mess.
A film that at its heart spends as much time worried about its characters being three dimensional as it does about it stereographic 3D.
[F]ailing to make this narrative even slightly coherent is the fault of the movie, not those who don't know this stuff inside and out before seeing it.
The Warcraft video games apparently have a complex story, but the feature film keeps it all at a surface level .
Video games have a pretty lousy track record of being adapted into movies. 'Warcraft' upholds this proud tradition by being a disappointing, hot mess.
It takes you to another place, immerses you, and creates a compelling, if familiar, mythology.
Every bit of its stunning special effects is a nod to Blizzard's meticulously designed fantasy environments.
Director, Duncan Jones delivers a fantasy-action epic that will satifsy hardcore Warcraft gamers and fans of the Fantasy genre.
The dreck of the dreck.
Proving yet again that making movies based on video games is a dicey proposition at best. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, etc. - Also Available)
Warcraft gets crushed under its own ambition, and yet that ambition is highly admirable; it might not work, but it earns points just for being bold and different in an increasingly homogenized landscape.
The characters are one-dimensional, but this is fantasy fiction not domestic drama.
Sometimes video games are best left as video games.
Not since the cursed Hobbit trilogy have I experienced such a bad case of Who are these people and why are they fighting?
Warcraft is so aggressive in its accumulation of content and scale that any narrative arc, or emotional output, beneath the shimmer is hard to find.
Alas, even with Jones' occasional flashes of visual wonder, the story is a dull hodgepodge of fantasy elements familiar to readers of J.R.R. Tolkien, George R.R. Martin and authors who don't have extraneous middle initials.
Warcraft has achieved a lofty goal: There hasn't been a movie as unrelentingly bad since Jupiter Ascending managed to surpass the bloated and pitiful Battlefield Earth as the worst big budget science-fiction film of all time.
The story strives for a complexity that gets undermined again and again by cliche-riddled dialogue, pacing problems and performances that sometimes feel like they came out of a high school adaptation of The Lord of the Rings.
The film is mostly beautiful to look at - I could happily get lost in The Guardian's library - and the battle scenes are so visceral that pixels of blood sometimes land on the virtual camera lens
Warcraft is far from a disaster. In fact, it's a (mostly) fun, wonderfully imaginative, surprisingly emotional beast of a film that should please its core audience of gaming vets.
Attempting to sort through the drivel of Warcraft is, for the uninitiated, a fool's errand that becomes more grueling as the script tries harder and harder to cram affected exposition
Just because you can come up with names such as Azeroth, Durotan, Orgrim, and Grommash Hellscream doesn't mean you're J.R.R. Tolkien, people.
Drowned by its gibberish mythology, Warcraft survives because of Duncan Jones' directorial flair, resplendent visuals, and surprisingly deep characterisation. Still feels 10 years too late, though.
The fear is that Jones's storytelling smarts and aesthetic resourcefulness could wind up sacrificed to the chaos and overblown approach of a generic would-be blockbuster. Unfortunately, fear wins out.
Almost worth watching, if you still find yourself at loose ends after you've given the dog a bath, organized 10 years' worth of tax returns and completely moth-proofed your closet.
Missteps and all, the movie pulses with a true believer's conviction.
Ultimately the movie seems more focused on setting up sequels than exploring the abundant source material.
Jones ... against the odds, has mined a watchable movie out of an entertainment franchise that started with a video game and now includes novels, comics and assorted schlock (toys, costumes, a mah-jongg set).
Jones ... is trying to deliver something like "The Lord of the Rings" minus the boring bits, but without the boring bits what you have is Itchy and Scratchy with maces.
The rest of what passes for a plot in this loud, computer-generated misfire can pretty much be summarized as "stuff happens."
There's just no way to become as invested during a two-hour movie as a gamer who's spent years, maybe even decades, immersed in the rituals and traditions of the worlds of Warcraft.
Little more than a dumb action blockbuster that has a bit of style but little substance.
Here's hoping the next chapter languishes in development hell forever.
"Warcraft" is presented as the opening chapter in a franchise, but already I feel it's time to move on. We're done here.
It aims to match the mythic gravitas of "The Lord of the Rings" - even throwing in a nod to the Book of Exodus for good measure - and the results fall paint-by-numbers flat.
While there are some acceptable action sequences, it's the screenplay -- complicated by some less than inspired performances -- that dooms Warcraft at every point along the way.
Easily a contender for the worst movie of the year.
Warcraft won't go down in history as a ringing success, but people who see it aren't likely to forget it easily, either. It's much more of a commercial endeavor than Jones' other films, but it doesn't abandon art by the wayside.
The bloated and blinkered Warcraft is officially, in my tally, the single worst film of the year across the genre board.
Any hope that Warcraft would be the first great video game adaptation is promptly squashed within the opening 30 minutes, and it only gets worse from there.
Jones maintains patience with the tale and delivers compelling visuals, allowing those capable of surrendering to the material a chance to immerse themselves in storytelling expanse.
It's probably a minor miracle that only about twenty to thirty minutes of its 120ish are outright boring.
Director Duncan Jones will live to fight another day. But you leave the mostly worthless Warcraft with just two words ringing in your ear: Game over.
An unholy mash-up of 'The Lord of the Rings' and 'Star Wars,' and Jones' attempt to add some humanity to the splashy but empty exercise comes across as a fool's errand: presenting nonsense like this with such seriousness only makes it more ridiculous.
If "Lord of the Rings" and "Battlefield Earth" had a baby, it would look like the plot of "Warcraft."
Rarely is so much time, money, and cutting-edge technology expended on a spectacle so devoid of wonder.
Paula Patton, playing a half-orc, half-human female warrior, is the most sympathetic character and actually gives something approaching a fully fledged performance, but for the rest of it ... ugliness as far as the eye can see.
Duncan Jones puts in strange, fresh beats that, combined, do the impossible. They make this standard, shopworn, CG-plated epic feel like its own monster.
Bold, unapologetic, hardcore fantasy. There are times when it feels like watching an '80s heavy metal album cover in cinematic form, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Director Duncan Jones has devoted so much attention to the technical aspects of the film - some of the orcs sport bling and piercings on their tusks - that he didn't notice how badly his human cast was flailing.
Plays like a kid spending the afternoon mashing together his action figures, pitting one toy line against several others. It's about as coherent as that, too, but it's the rare debacle that feels like it came from a good place.
Sitting through Warcraft is like being bludgeoned on the head with a Dungeons & Dragons Monster Manual for 100 minutes. The big hardcover one.
Warcraft is the most wearying kind of bad movie, a dull and sad one that's less engaging a watch than just seeing the studio's millions run bill by bill through a shredder for two hours.
Jones still has an eye. But the movie is so overwhelmingly digitalized that most of it looks like a cartoon. Even when living, breathing actors are on screen, they feel computer generated.
No need to have ever played a video game to enjoy Warcraft, though a healthy affection for swashbuckling action and throwback fantasy probably helps.
Hobbled by mediocre acting, bad pacing and worse writing, Warcraft is still a visual milestone and a cinematic experience worth getting hopelessly lost in.
Don't believe the haters. Fans of the game and fantasy genre will definitely like Warcraft. It is an entertaining and immersive epic.
Masterpieces are difficult to pull off, but in their own way, absolute howlers are just as rare an achievement. Many talented people have come together to make "Warcraft," one of those perfect storms of terrible creative decisions and misjudged execution.
This fantasy epic is made with love. If only it were made with quality, too.
A grand, goofy, colorful epic with an almost impenetrably convoluted mythology, Warcraft never breaks its stone-faced earnest investment in its own story and world.
For a movie that isn't 'good,' Warcraft simply works, and as the credits came up I found myself juggling my criticisms of the film with the desire to see just what happens next on Azeroth.
You'll need a strategy guide to make it through this one...
An admitted fan of the game, Jones's latest is designed solely to please up-to-speed subscribers. The rest of us will be baffled by the CGI slugathon of orcs vs knights vs wizards.
Troubled in production and destroyed with it's editing, if they wanted to make this they should've just called Uwe Boll. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that if I had to describe in one word would be: boring. [Full review in Spanish]
Like all Frazetta fantasy posters came to life all at once. A masterpiece of cinema that truly speaks to the interests of white male teenage nerds from 1987.
This is not "Lord of the Rings." It's barely "Dungeons & Dragons."
Warcraft: The Beginning is less a complex immersive digital experience than a simplified sub-Lord of the Rings tale, pitching humans against a race of Orcs.
Jones hasn't made the first great videogame movie, but a film that harks back in spirit - if not budget - to all those rubbish post-Star Wars sci-fi fantasy adventures like Krull and Hawk the Slayer.
Jones commands the SFX but (for now) he's lost the power to move.
Warcraft, what is it good for? Absolutely nothing.
[A] derivative, relentlessly dull-witted computer game spin-off.
Warcraft is a colossal missed opportunity. [Full review in Spanish]
Whatever were the changes from the game, I hope the fans realize they were worth it. [Full review in Portuguese.]
At the end of the day though, it's what it is -- a big-budget commercial franchise spun off from a computer game. After two hours it doesn't really end, it just sets up the next installment.
All anyone seems concerned with regarding this listless, hollow film is brand extension.
Already seriously in the running to take the prize for Worst Movie of 2016, Warcraft may prove that the fabled video game adaption "curse" is so strong that it can bring even the most talented of young filmmakers to their knees.
While it may not be quite as damnable as some are making out (it's no 2016 companion to Fant4stic or anything), Warcraft is a pretty resounding disappointment.
A thoroughly derivative clash-of-the-species affair with enough orcs, portals, messenger-owls and wizardry to make both Harry Potter and Gandalf the Grey feel entirely at home.
It's not often that a film suffers from taking too little time to tell its story, but two hours just doesn't seem enough to establish the vastness of Jones's vision and still deliver something with an emotional impact.
It looks terrific, and is directed with plenty of energy and personality. But it feels both overcrowded and superficial.
Unless you have immersed yourself in the game you won't give a single jot about anyone in the film.
A once-in-a-generation disaster, and one of the most ill-advised and ill-conceived studio films of this modern blockbuster era.
The film surprises in many ways but comes down to big warriors atop fantastical beasts, lobbing big arse weapons at each other's toothy, green-skinned and dreadlock-headed mugs... so what's not to like.
I spent most of the movie wondering what the opposite was of eye-catching. Whatever it is, that's Warcraft.
Jones holds all the parts together, just about, and the things that work are strong enough to leave an impression.
Another videogame movie misfire.
In a time when too many bloated movie blockbusters feel like they're impersonal video games, it's heartening to see that an actual game can be transformed into an authentically involving movie.
Despite evident passion for the material, Jones rarely musters the persuasive punch needed to bridge the gaps.
Imagine a film in which most of the antagonists wear buckets on their heads and you're halfway there.
The first major misfire of the summer blockbuster season lumbers into view in the form of Warcraft.
Grim, over-stuffed and barely comprehensible, the ambitiously titled Warcraft: The Beginning could be bad enough to double up as Warcraft: The End.
While fans of the franchise [may] derive some satisfaction out of seeing the faithfully recreated video game settings, the wooden acting, breakneck pacing and excessive amounts of fantasy jibber-jabber mostly renders the film nonsensical to everyone else.
Warcraft occasionally manages to feel both rushed and dull, impressively staged and disengaged. True, a few quips in the abyss help to alleviate the lumbering piece. But there aren't enough ...
It feels like the fanboy within Duncan Jones got carried away with Azeroth's minute mythology, leading to a film filled with tonnes of references to the wider world but no real soul of its own.
At once empty and impenetrable, this brings to mind a mix of John Carter and Dungeons And Dragons, regrettably in both themes and level of enjoyment.
A director's cut might run more smoothly and offer some of the characters time to actually develop, but what we've got for now is an ambitious disappointment with its heart in the right place.
This production may be titled 'The Beginning', but on this showing it would be a spectacular surprise if we ever saw the middle, or the end.
Like its ten-foot anti-heroes, 'Warcraft' is noisy, lumbering and not terribly bright.
While there's something admirable in Jones's steadfast adherence to naff fantasy tropes, it makes no concession to fans of realism.
Despite the silly names and cheesy nerdism there's plenty of fun to be had in Duncan Jones' video game adaptation.
Warcraft provides thunderous spectacle, but when performing the alchemy of transforming genre archetypes into characters with soul, the magic fizzles out.
It has plenty of faults, but Warcraft: The Beginning largely achieves what it sets out to do.
Director Duncan Jones, a self-professed Warcraft fan, has clearly put a lot of love and care into fleshing out a story, but it's questionable whether it was ever really merited.
A flawed but likable adventure that I would happily go on again, preferably as a double feature with The Beastmaster, Legend or Ladyhawke.
Unconvincing and generic, with nothing to compare to either the dramatic heft of Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy or the raunch and gore of Game of Thrones.
The final product brings to mind those animated advertisements for iPhone app games.
Dramatically and technically, Warcraft gives the concept of "hybrid" new punch.
Imagine Battlefield Earth without the verve, or the unintentional comedy.

@highlight

Warcraft has visual thrills to spare, but they -- and director Duncan Jones' distinctive gifts -- are wasted on a sluggish and derivative adaptation of a bestselling game with little evident cinematic value.