What sets the film a notch above standard genre fare is its ability to ask bigger questions about a stalker like Doug.
A neatly insinuating idea, flawlessly executed, Alone With Her marks out its stars and director as ones to watch.
A smart, unsettling drama that finds new uses for tatics devised by movies like The Stepfather and The Blair Witch Project.
Alone With Her is a pretty engaging tale, and it's refreshing to see a well-acted, suspenseful drama made without a bloated budget or a lot of bloodletting.
A novel spin on an oft-told tale, Alone with Her is a fine little indie indeed. What could have been just another gimmick flick turns out to be a pretty intense ride.
The moral of the story: If you meet someone whose tastes mirror your own to a scary degree, then by all means, be scared.
Despite its cleverness, however, nearly everything is predictable; in a sense, this is a higher-tech version of The Collector, and it doesn't really take us anywhere we haven't been many times before.
This isn't a psychological horror film so much as a slice-of-life twentysomething tale, in which one party happens to be quietly very not-normal.
An unsettling tale of modern espionage horror.
Alone with Her has a dog and a rampant sense of dread, the kind you don't recover from for at least a few days. I'm on the first day.
Alone With Her plays like an extended voyeur video with nothing new to say about hidden cameras or stalkers or anything.
Even a conventional, albeit cynical, ending can't ruin such effective mood-making.
... this low-budget horror flick builds some claustrophobic tension out of modern anxieties, but it won't scare the bejesus out of you.
Leadenly scripted and blandly overliteral and therefore never capitalizes on the provocativeness of its premise.
exudes the overall uncomfortable air of watching a depraved home movie
Alone With Her is a tense, well-shot little thriller in the vein of 'fatal attraction' youth flicks like Fear, The Crush, and Swimfan.
Through Hanks' and Talancon's subtle, naturalistic performance [writer-director Eric Nicholas] cultivates a human dimension often missing from thrillers.
Alone With Her has the kind of high ick factor that leaves you squirming -- not because Doug is so diabolical a creation, but because what he does to satisfy his pathology is so practical.
For all its technological ingenuity, however, the film is ultimately a fairly routine stalker thriller that soon becomes repetitive in its contrivances. And the footage, necessarily shot on digital video, is not particularly easy to watch.
A B-picture waiting to cut loose in its final 15 minutes, when it devolves into generic stalker-thriller theatrics of the Julia-Roberts-in-distress kind.
A Blair Witch Project for the new, surveillance-obsessed millennium.
Writer and director Eric Nicholas's latest film, Alone With Her, is a voyeuristic thriller that is fiendishly assured yet ultimately less than the sum of its parts.
Far superior to the generic thrillers churned out by the big studios.
A relentlessly-disturbing, cautionary tale about how easy it might be for a deranged maniac to worm his way into your good graces.
This film chills and hits every paranoia button perfectly.
The plausibility of the situation (aided tremendously by Talancón's wonderfully natural performance) makes for a deeply disturbing viewing experience.
Those with a propensity for voyeurism and stalking should be able to relate to Hanks, while ogling Talancón. (Here's hoping you don't happen to be sitting next to one of them in the theatre.)
Ably-acted -- the leads are perfectly cast, and their performances leave lasting impressions.
As the voyeur manages to enter the Amy Show, Nicholas uses this ontological shift as the basis for a 'real' movie of his own, effectively liquidating the original premise.

@highlight

Alone With Her is a tense psychological thriller that overcomes its contrivances with fine performances and a perpetually unsettling mood.