As dumb and empty as a lot of it feels, this movie still has an emotional core-and on reflection, I'm pretty sure it comes from Arnie.
They're playing cosplay. They aren't these people, they're playing these people...It tries to make you sit there and believe these people are the characters from the original films, when they're not.
...it gives new life to the franchise, and tells a story that balances the new stuff with pure nostalgia. [Full review in Spanish]
Cameron should feel ashamed to loyal Terminator fans by giving this soulless corporate crap his stamp of approval.
I started to lose the plot, plus the will to go on, about five minutes in, and that's before the serious head-scratching stuff about multiple time-frames and meta-reflexive parallel narratives mulched up in the vortex of the space-tedium continuum.
Terminator: Genisys doesn't match the giddying heights of Terminator 2: Judgment Day, but much like the recent Jurassic World, it's an entertaining revival of an age-old franchise.
Forget the faulty logic, ridiculous plot, fluctuating tone, and painful dialogue, but there is a concerted effort to torment the audience by reminding us repeatedly of what had been in previous films, and the magic that has given way to a leaden reality.
Genisys falls somewhere in the vast expanse of territory between the second and third movie - entertaining, but less intelligent (and less satisfying) than it easily could've been.
I liked it more than I thought I would, though I'm still not entirely sure I, you know, liked liked it.
Sarah Connor's taught Schwarzenegger's T-800 to smile. Maybe it looked good on paper. Never warm up a terminator. If it's not deadly, it's in danger of becoming a goofball.
My complaint isn't based on nostalgia or generational grumbling; it's a fair demand for creativity in a blockbuster sea when movies seem to have taken the audience, unfairly, for granted.
Does little more than remind you how good Terminator once was.
The most useless "Terminator" film to date, one that erases all "Terminator" films to date except the one it needed most to erase - itself.
Terminator Genisys is the first of what has been described as a new, standalone trilogy, but if the first film is anything to go by, fans will most likely be throwing their hands in despair at what's to come.
Taylor seasons the loopy narrative with some jaw-dropping 3D action, whether it's demolishing San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge or somersaulting a schoolbus.
Emotionless and contrived.
Genisys stays true to Skynet's cause through a lens of our 21st century's voluntary connectivity.
Aside from that dumb, dumb name, Terminator: Gensisys is far less offensive than it could be, and Taylor keeps the action brisk and linear, maintaining a clear sense of geography often lacking from modern blow-'em-up films.
Terminator Genisys tries very hard to have heart and be somewhat coherent, but it fails on most levels. At least it's fun to look at.
This is a muddled two hours, lacking in spectacle, but Schwarzenegger has still got it. Clearly relishing being back in the role he was born to play, it's just a shame no one seems to be able to give him the movie he and his character deserve.
I was pleasantly surprised at Terminator Gynisys and the tongue-in-cheek attitude the script has taken.
"Terminator: Genisys" might have seen less contrived, if Mr. S had settled for a back seat. Instead, the writers strenuously wrote the story for him. And, instead of fresh, we get overly complicated and hard-to-buy-into plot points.
An over-muscled movie franchise that started as an ingenious action noir about time travel and has now become a vehicle for explosions and old body-builders.
The original Terminator is about Cold War paranoia, female empowerment and humanity's endurance. Genisys is about how we may use our mobiles a little too much.
The awkward death-rictus grin that Schwarzenegger's heroic Terminator flashes when he wants to mimic the human emotion of happiness conveys a sense of labor rather than joy, and as such it's a perfect metaphor for the movie that contains it.
From oddly spelled title to botched finale, this ill-conceived bid to reboot the Terminator franchise is a baffling, goodwill-crushing mess.
To watch Genisys is to see the franchise become a figurative embodiment of the Terminators themselves: convinced of its own superior vision of the future, it tramples upon the dusty skeletons of the forefathers it's slaughtered to achieve it.
Apparently, this is the first of a new trilogy. One can only hope it improves.
The Terminator franchise has forgotten what made The Terminator and Terminator 2 so great.
Terminator: Genisys squanders some potentially interesting ideas with a ridiculously confusing script that ends up undermining the very franchise it's attempting to reboot.
It's only when the funny callbacks, clever change-ups, and suspenseful action scenes pause for a moment that the wooden performances of its leads Emilia Clarke and Jai Courtney become a weakness.
There are still plenty of fun moments, but a positive experience with Genisys will require moderated expectations.
An overproduced, baffling movie that falls flat.
In robot terms, if the original movie is a near-indestructible robot killing machine, Terminator Genisys is one of those back-flipping toy dogs you find worn and ragged in a basement one day.
The other thing you come to terms with watching T5 is that wanting to engage with it on any level is ill-advised and purely masturbatory .
An amazing twist on an old story, "Terminator Genisys" is a film bursting with action and surprises.
Uma oportunidade desperdiçada.
Just stop, OK? It's simply not working.
Genisys seems to have unwittingly positioned itself as Exhibit 'A' in the case against dimwitted "alternate timeline" reboots.
Not that the film doesn't have its problems, and there are a few of them, but surprisingly Schwarzeneggar isn't one of them.
Maybe the inevitable sequel will be a little more thoughtful, though the chances of that seem low.
...it might just be time to put this progressively ineffective franchise out to pasture.
Schwarzenegger settles back into the role that made him famous like a well-worn biker jacket, and despite his age (and thanks to decent special effects) he manages to be fully engaged in the action, engaging multiple Terminators in epic battles.
[All] the film gets right is bringing Schwarzenegger back, and finding a way to do it that isn't transparently idiotic.
It is a return, of sorts, to the 1984 original, unnecessarily complicated by so many time twists and warps that even an ardent fan of the franchise must admit reluctantly that its future is behind it.
An unsubtle reboot that's not up to par with the original.
Terminator Genisys is fine.
while you can't say that effort wasn't expended on Terminator Genisys, after five movies, a major theme-park ride, several video games, and a TV series, this particular franchise is feeling, if not quite obsolete, at least played out
A noisy, cluttered actioner with loads of explosions, fights, chases and gun play -- featuring a star who built a career on spouting badly-crafted one-liners badly.
It's a reheat of original masterpieces, yet instead of deconstructed and pieced back together with care and heart it's merely zapped in a microwave, visually edible yet lacking taste and nutrition upon sample.
Overall this genesis needed a little more incubation in the lab of its creator before going online.
Wisely utilizes the franchise's best feature - Ah-nold himself - in all the right ways to make the film entertaining if not entirely satisfying.
Do the time travel complications get a little confusing and a little much at times? Sure they do, but I admire Genisys for stretching out and attempting different things in the Terminator universe.
Part of what makes Terminator Genisys so pitiful as an evening out is that all the actors do over and over again is tell us why they're in a particular scene and why the movie exists.
Think Abbott and Costello Meets Terminator. Think Terminator & Robin. Think, in other words, the point at which a franchise subsides, perhaps finally, into self-parody.
Under Taylor's briskly over-the-top direction, the movie is good fun, albeit complicated and not always logical.
Let the record show I witnessed a screening of the misbegotten action sequel Terminator Genisys three days ago. In the hours that followed, I sent a cyborg back in time to Hollywood 2012 to prevent this abomination from ever getting a green light.
[It] is the first of a planned trilogy; as such, it makes the same mistake as Amazing Spider-Man 2 and other over-confident blockbusters: It assumes that a sequel is a foregone conclusion and punting its loose ends downfield to be sorted out later.
An utter betrayal of the franchise..."This ends here."
Instead of reinvigorating this long-running series, this unnecessary installment undermines it.
Reference, reference, reference, nod to the first two movies, reference, and there's something about nanobots.
It's all very complicated and convoluted, a muddled sci-fi haystack of past, present and future that looks even denser and darker-as many movies do-in 3-D.
Arnie is back with his tongue in his cheek and a toolbox of special effects.
Beneath the skin of the Terminator franchise is a complex web of cultural, historical and political ideas.
Astonishingly bad high-tech turkey...director Alan Taylor ditches any emotional connection to the original in favour of the usual 21st century tangle of clashing storylines amidst a blizzard of very expensive, very loud, very boring visual effects.
In the year of the franchise, Genisys is far from perfect, but much more fun than Jurassic.
Once it's clear that anything can be undone and redone by changing the time lines, everything ceases to matter. There will always be a John Connor; there will always be a Skynet; there will always be a Terminator.
It's an interesting commentary on itself that many seem to have missed, dismissing the movie as overly complex, but it smartly tells you exactly how to enjoy this film: keep moving and don't look back.
There is a lot of wasted time, bickering and frantic pointless action before we get to the big showdown. The main purpose of this plot is to open the door to another sequel.
While the jumbled time-loops and neo-nuclear family gags make for some initial reboot fun, Genisys soon becomes little more than an overblown karaoke rehash of the sci-fi riffs of yesteryear.
For a rambunctious romp through the time-space continuum, there's little sizzle
Critics seem to hate it while audiences mostly approve...it's clear that John Connor's mission isn't the one (they) care about: they prefer Mother Sarah.
It's a toss-up as to what reigns as the most risible element, from Arnie's Terminator being called the decidedly nonthreatening "Pops" to the casting of Emilia Clarke as Sarah Connor, whose chirpy demeanor makes this often feel like Teen Beach Terminator.
The film works like a well-oiled entertainment... but is not destined to be remembered. [full review in Spanish]
Manages to kill the canon that originated it. [full review in Spanish]
Of course the special effects are more impressive than ever. But nearly every curveball offered up in this new parallel-universe version of the Terminator world isn't as interesting or as original as the timeline we loved in the first place.
Terminator: Genisys, however, has none of the stakes, and none of the moral preoccupations, of its predecessors.
Does the new film add to the Terminator mythology?... The answer is a resounding no.
More than anything, you'll watch it for Arnold.
While Genisys doesn't have the iconic heft of James Cameron's films, it's not surprising, to me anyway, that the film has earned the maestro's mild praise. Genisys isn't a future classic, but it'll do for now.
It's certainly a better Terminator film than the previous two. But it's also not in the same league as Terminator 2: Judgement Day.
Good effort but ultimately forgettable. [full review in Spanish]
Terminator Genisys is good enough to go see in the theater, but is far from being the movie we were waiting for. [full review in Spanish]
Terminator Genisys plays like the worst piece of fan fiction ever written. Every imaginable sort of cheap gratification is thrown up on the screen, to the point where the film eventually begins to feel desperate.
"[T]he best of the last three sequels & the one closest in spirit & style to Cameron's films... [A] thoroughly entertaining movie that has fun callbacks to the original films... while completely turning them on their heads...
The special effects and action sequences seem like uninspired retreads of things done decades ago.
If we're lucky, it will never be back again.
Never in your Terminator-loving life did you imagine you'd hear Kyle Reese say of a T-800, "he loved you".
This declining franchise really needed a jolt to the head, but the producers disappointingly opt to play it safe with an unambitious script and child-friendly action.
Arnold is a joy to watch in this film. He's still physically impressive, knows how to move like a terminator, and has some nice comic moments.
This film pretends as if Terminator 3 and 4 never existed, it ignores the rules previously established in the Terminator Universe, and when you plot it out, none of it makes any sense. Boy, I sure did hate this movie.
Arnie's Arnie - and for some of us that's enough. He's back.
There is a fine line between clever homage and lazy lip service. This film trips over that line, spills its drink, and pukes in the cab on the way home. But I had fun.
What's different [to Jurassic World] is that this entry into the series has a desire to build its own future, its own timeline of events from amongst all the references and mythos and sly nods to the previous films.
"Terminator Genisys" is the first fully worthy successor to Cameron's original films and it shows Arnold may be old, but he's not obsolete.
A worn out formula. [full review in Spanish]
Could've been a great reboot/remake to pass the baton to the new cast members, but in the end it falls short. [full review in Spanish]
As ill-conceived as it is ill-spelt, Terminator Genisys fires a rocket-propelled grenade into its own franchise.
A decently entertaining Easter egg hunt with a big plot and bigger explosions.
It relies on time travel and computer technology to explain how people (or machines) could know things they don't know how they know, but not know other things that the movie doesn't want to bother explaining.
It's as if it has gone back in time to murder our memories of the ancestral first film and crush the series' reputation.
It raises some interesting questions that, frankly, the movie either answers too quickly or drops altogether.
Yes, there are a few too many gags about his advancing years, but [Arnie's] return to being the Terminator is a welcome sight.
It feels less like a taut feature film, and more like the series finale of a long-running TV show. It's all reference and parody and fan service.
Screenwriters Laeta Kalogridis and Patrick Lussier pile on so many pulpy sci-fi conceits -- involving time travel, alternate realities, and the end of civilization -- that you might be carried along by the batty excess.
The ingenuity is long gone, but there isn't even enough left in the most basic sense to tell a story that is anything but a shallow imitation of its predecessors.
Sci-fi franchise reset that grafts a new storyline onto the 1984 original... The result looks like, oh I dunno, a 67-year-old skinjacket sagging off the skull-plate of an outdated T-800 Terminator.
I have a terrible feeling of deja vu. I have a terrible feeling of deja vu. I have a terrible feeling of deja vu. I have a terrible feeling of deja vu.
The only one really having a good time is Schwarzenegger, who grins like a Cheshire cyborg even when nothing's funny, least of all the impending destruction of humanity.
As the sci-fi fantasy continues, it's transecting and tangled, proving time travel is a tricky thing.
A tired, uninspired slog through the well-worn tropes of previous Terminator movies ...
A tiresome shambles ...
Above all, Genisys is a staggeringly dull film.
More than anything, Ahnuld is a reminder of better days.
Chock-full of various sorts of Terminators, thuddingly dull explosions, and one of the most downright boring helicopter chases ever created for the movies, Terminator: Genisys is a catastrophic misfire on nearly all counts.
After smarter, sleeker recent depictions of future technology (Her comes to mind, or even Lucy), the lumbering Genisys represents a failure of modern product design.
The film almost completely falls apart in the second half when it becomes as loud as it is tedious.
What is it with cash-grab sequels trying to justify their existence through excessive plotting? This movie has like six villains, none of them compelling.
The series reboot is barely fresh but Arnold, who reprises what is ironically his most human character, is fun. But like all time-involved movies, it crashes and burns.
It says something about a movie when Schwarzenegger is the most charismatic character - and he's playing a robot.
... It's hard not to get the feeling that we've been here before. And that's both part of the movie's fun and what holds it back at times.
Noble old killbot! They have a star--I just wish they had more of a movie.
Everything we learned in the previous films collides with timelines and character histories that keep altering before our eyes. It's no time at all before the characters are as lost as the audience.
...you're left with a sour, metallic taste in your mouth and a longing to re-watch the first two films (maybe even the third one), trying to forget this one exists.
Only Stephen Hawkings could understand the plot of T-G. It's great to see the Arnold of PUMPING IRON resurrected by CGI. Why couldn't that Arnold be in the whole movie?
As lousy as the movie is, I must speak up for its makers' valiant attempt to make something old look new and also old ... and new. It's a vexing problem for a system that relies on sequels, "franchises," "tentpoles," etc.
A splatter painting composed by firing gobbets of the opening sections at the canvas and covering them in a veneer of three-dimensional digital murk.
Despite its slick appearance, this reboot ends up being a disappointing, watered-down mess devoid of its own identity.
So what if it's a head-scratcher? Arnold is back. And he's the Man. What are you waiting for?
It's a head scratcher reminiscent of Inception or Predestination... but not quite as interesting.
Terminator Genisys​ prospers in sublime action and special effects, but they are outweighed by too many plot holes and erroneous events in the new timeline. My soft heart for the franchise still liked it despite the plethora of flaws.
Taylor either borrows from the passive savagery of previous Terminator flicks, or lifts shots from competing products. We've seen it all before, but with higher stakes and stronger craft.
Terminator Genisys suffers from a fussed-over, convoluted and self-referential screenplay that manages the feat of being both incredibly complicated and strangely simple-minded.
Attention Paramount, you're pre-approved to use "passable summer entertainment" as my pull quote for the Blu-ray cover.
There is no reward in watching Terminator: Genisys. It is a lifeless film with utterly wooden performances, a timeworn story, and generic special effects. We as a fanbase and film supporting public deserve better.
Terminator Genisys is a good entry point for new viewers, with worthwhile setup for future installments, but falls short in evolving core elements of the series.
The kind of Part Five that makes you really wish you were watching Part One.
The problem is that nothing carries much weight - not the stilted romance between Sarah and Kyle, not the effect-driven action sequences, not even the threat of apocalypse, with billions of lives supposedly in the balance.
With particular attention paid to the intricacies of time travel, quantum and, most important of all, humanity, it's the most valid entry in the Terminator series since 1991.
... spends more time paying tribute to previous installments than taking the series in any meaningful new directions.
But hey, this is summer, and we don't need think-y movies, right? So let's drive right through those plot holes and keep going, without looking back.
"Terminator Genisys" plays like the worst of all outcomes.
Think of it as a mish mash of everything you already know with some new fight scenes tossed in
Terminator: Genisys feels like a VHS cassette that's been rewound and recorded over for 21 years. It's haunted by ghosts of old movies, a cyborg whose entire DNA is déjà vu.
Emilia Clarke definitely surprises and steals the show. [full review in Spanish]
Terminator Genisys is a must-see summer movie made for those who yearn for the originals and those seeking new thrills. [full review in Spanish]
Terminator Genisys seems specifically designed to give you a headache.
Age and apparent cosmetic surgery haven't improved Schwarzenegger's acting, and his physical presence has diminished.
Terminator Genisys fails to provide what this series has needed for a full quarter-century: the soul of a new machine.
'Terminator Genisys' is not remotely on par with the greatness of the first two, but is a definite improvement over the last installment.
At least Arnold is still fun. It was a brilliant move in the first place; here's an actor incapable of sounding human, so let him play a robot and don't give him many lines. That trick still works. But the other characters, not so much.
While wiping out sequels 3 and 4... makes sense for the studio, film series, and its fans, tampering with the roots of the franchise, 1984's The Terminator and 1991's Terminator 2: Judgment Day, is a colossal miscalculation.
Comes off as serviceable at best and officially sanctioned fan wankery at worst. In trying to freshen up the ingredients for a new generation, it just clunks up the batter.
It is mechanical in the worst way.
The Cold War-era fear of nuclear annihilation that hovered over the original movie feels so quaint now, it surely needed to be subbed out for a billion evil iPhones.
This is the second summer blockbuster in a row that requests, nay, requires that you shut down higher brain function to enjoy it.
No shortage of new ideas in "Genisys."
Arnold's killer cyborg is now the series' court jester and best actor?
A pointless but not unentertaining diversion, Terminator Genisys exists for the same reason a dog licks his balls: because it can.
"Terminator Genisys" turns unfortunately jokey and self-referential, to the point that it borders on parody.
Stop me if you've heard this story. And please stop any more filmmakers from telling it again.
Terminator Genisys feels like the film Cameron might have made if he continued the franchise.
Even McBain would turn this down.
A wildly unfulfilling experience that poses too many questions, and then spends the majority of its time attempting to answer them.
It's fine. It doesn't make a lick of sense, but it's fine.
T5: Genisys is as bad as its spelling and the worst Terminator movie to date.
Attempts to embrace and completely devastate everything we know and love about James Cameron's time-bending story, and as one might expect the results are a bit scattershot.
Everything here ... is so imprecise that the stakes are virtually nonexistent.
Terminator Genisys feels like being trapped in a conversation with a child breathlessly recounting the highlights of the preceding movies.
Meant to kickstart a new trilogy, there barely seems to be enough left to say beyond getting back on the seemingly endless Skynet time travel loop. Just say it won't be back.
The movie's chief purpose seems to be reminding audiences of what they enjoyed in the previous movies, but the best way to enjoy those is to just go watch them again.
I was entertained just enough by both the action and humor not to mind too terribly the film's various issues. (Full Content Review - Sex, Nudity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
...it somehow lovingly homages a great film while pissing all over it at the same time.
The target audience seems to be people who know the first two Terminator films back to front and also hate them. The other 99.9999+ percent of us are in for a bumpy ride.
For all its weaknesses, "Terminator Genisys" is a "Terminator" movie that feels like a "Terminator" movie, more than did "Terminator 3," not to mention the ghastly "Terminator Salvation."
This movie sure looks new. But why do we keep thinking we've seen all this before?
Genisys is more entertaining than the last two installments, although it's not nearly as good as the first two.
The film moves so fast-an explanatory prologue, a big battle scene, and Reese jumping through time are all covered before the opening credits have finished rolling-that it's easy to overlook how weightless most of it is.
"Terminator Genisys" could be Exhibit A in why the current line of thinking in Hollywood regarding sequels/reboots/remakes often leads to terrible decisions and worse films.
Except for Clarke, who walks an ambiguous line between heroism and sinister monomania, only Big Arnie leaves the slightest impression after the credits roll.
One achievement of James Cameron's "Terminator" is that it overcame its low-rent, B-movie trappings. The great sin of "Genisys" is that it costs millions and yet isn't worth a dime.
Mr. Schwarzenegger, 67, is, yes, back, because while the series thrill is lamentably long gone, franchises now apparently last forever.
Terminator used to be a sci-fi franchise defined by its cool time-travel concept and even better special effects. Unfortunately, it's "Hasta la vista, baby," to those good old days.
"Terminator Genisys" is a fun ride, as long as fans accept that it's not up to the standards set by the original. But at least it's the franchise's best big-screen effort in more than two decades.
The ending has one WTF moment that lacks credibility, even in this logic-defying loopy universe. But by then, you'll have most likely given in - and just accepted this as the barmiest Terminator yet.
Terminator Genisys does not just reboot the famous franchise, it puts the boots to all the earlier films, their iconic characters and any fans who expected T5 to show more respect for the origins of James Cameron's man vs. machine saga.
Terminator Genisys is literally a movie that devotes more time to explaining how characters source their trousers than it does explaining their goals.
[It] may be yet another summer movie sequel, but this one turns out to have been worth the effort.
With an intriguing idea and an amiable cast, Terminator: Genesys should have been better
There's Arnie marching around, swinging at pixels and throwing out one-liners like a champ. He's the most nostalgic thing out of the whole shebang, and if the film's at all enjoyable it rests entirely upon his more human-scale shoulders.
"I'll be back," the man said, and he kept the promise, but I'm not sure we wanted him back like this.
The revisions that replace these story keystones are bewildering, and worse, alter fundamental aspects of the characters almost entirely.
This mash-up movie is like a greatest-hits collection for obsessive collectors. On its own terms, Terminator Genisys makes virtually no sense.
Plenty of noisy cyborg-on-cyborg CG violence with lots of clangy metallic head-butt action is part of the mix. Sound and fury, signifying it's past time to put this franchise out to pasture.
Genisys goes back to what made the franchise work in the first place: not the machine inside the man, but vice versa.
Salvation was boring, but Genisys makes you sad. Risk-averse Hollywood has made a crash-test dummy of a once great franchise, simply throwing everything at it to see what it stands.
There are a couple of great car chases, and many explosions... And of course there is the movie's greatest weapon, Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The blend of top-notch CGI, realism, stunts, and breakneck pace keep all the exploding balls in the air, and the 3D is blissfully easy on the eyes.
Fans hoping to watch Schwarzenegger growl his catchphrases with a slight edge of shtick are underestimating the patience involved in sitting through a two-hour slog.
Don't worry about brushing up on Terminator mythology before seeing the latest sequel. There's a helpful prologue in Terminator Genisys explaining everything that happened since 1984, and a movie after that making much of it useless.
There comes a time in every franchise when it is best to leave well-enough alone.
There's a saying in time-travel sci-fi that the process degrades the traveler, and the "Terminator" movies have been through too many plot-accelerators, shedding brain cells along the way.
The movie, especially the first half, is so busy replicating visual tropes and entire scenes from Cameron's originals that you wonder if it has anything new up its sleeve at all.
It plays like a Marvel comics-style continuation of the story if such had existed in the '80s or '90s, one that bends over backwards to keep the narrative going just so you can get a few more cool splash pages.
A watered-down PG-13 updating of the franchise that surgically removes any of the franchise's edge (and heart).
"Terminator Genisys" is the cinematic equivalent of untangling Christmas lights.
Like Edgar Wright's The World's End, another film about humanity's robotic takeover, Genisys configures human arrogance -- our refusal to accept inevitability, or even sensibility -- as our saving grace.
You don't need to know classical history or even science-fiction benchmarks to enjoy this summer blockbuster.
All three human leads-Courtney and the two Clarkes-fall somewhere on the spectrum of weak to terrible.
Made on a reported (and mystifying, given its lack of visual imagination) budget of $170 million, Terminator Genisys doesn't take any pokes or try any dark satire in its technology-enslavement angle. This is strictly business, and dull business at that.
Someone needs to go back in time and stop movie executives from greenlighting more "Terminator" movies. It's not that Terminator: Genisys is a laughably bad movie. Worse, it's an interminably boring one.
Any senses of suspenseful stakes or human-scale relationships have turned weightless, leaving us with crashing and bashing, running and gunning, and a whole lot of head-scratching. The experience is utterly numbing...
There's no fate but what box office we can make.
Longtime fans will walk away feeling the series is obsolete, while newcomers will be puzzled by the upgrade.
There's really only one reason to see "Terminator Genisys" and you probably know what that is - the return of Ahnuld, the Governator, now the Guardian who is 'old but not obsolete...'
Terminator Genisys might be the nadir of franchise filmmaking, a soulless exercise in keeping an IP going (and maintaining rights) at any cost.
Clank.
Another movie so crammed with visual razzle-dazzle in the service of empty, repetitive action that long before it ends, you feel exhausted by the excess.
It's too sluggish to be what these movies are meant to be: exciting and fun.
If it was the mission of Terminator Genisys to make you despair for the franchise's future, then mission accomplished.
"I'm old -- not obsolete," Schwarzenegger growls throughout. This movie's both.
Arnold proves he still has what it takes as the iconic title character, but the story around him has become such a convoluted mess, it's difficult to grasp the franchise's storyline now.
When the best parts of a movie are the ones that recreate something made 31 years ago, what does that say about the state of modern blockbuster culture?
Terminator Genisys is the best re-launch of a solid-gold franchise since J.J. Abrams kick-started Star Trek. Here's hoping the director and cast will all be back for more films.
Schwarzenegger's return to his most iconic role provides much of the appeal of this otherwise purposeless redo.
It's certainly more entertaining than the dour, dull Terminator Salvation and I found myself at least having fun with Genisys much of the time.
I suppose there wasn't any reason to expect more from Genisys other than the lure of watered-down nostalgia. But it barely even succeeds at that.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is the best thing in the film, offering generous doses of self-deprecating humour... As for the plot, it's a muddle; with a mix of some inspired ideas, although there's an aspect that is simply too clever for its own good
The shruggy emoticon \_(ツ)_/ is the prevailing attitude when it comes to everything in 'Genisys,' which keeps throwing twists and ideas and gun fights and chases at ya.
Disappointing in that it doesn't have a strong enough vision to relaunch the franchise with new ideas we haven't seen before.
Science fiction blasphemy: Not even explosive set pieces or endless Terminator-on-Terminator fistfights can distract from the nonsense.
The future looks dull indeed.
It's a testament to the classic scenes that they can be manipulated by a new story and still have impact. Changing the history of 1984 asks the questions fans have debated for 30 years.
Somehow, this all kind of, sort of works. Barely.
By design, it's just an okay copy of two great movies.
There is no future, there is no past. Let's hope this Terminator is the last!
With its feet firmly planted in a new timeline, Genisys does what the last two Terminator films couldn't: entertain.
The return of Schwarzenegger to his signature role is the main attraction of this fifth installment in the Terminator franchise. He's not the problem as much as a terribly convoluted time travelling storyline that does not honor the best of this series.
In 1984's "The Terminator," machines came back from the future to wipe out humanity; with "Terminator Genisys," a whole franchise comes back from the past to water down summer moviegoing.
The film just lumbers along, often tediously; there's no sense that the scenario has been carefully kneaded, structured and shaped by attentive dramatists. Visually, we've seen these images, or many like them, so many times before ...
The movie's willingness to veer crazily off-course feels less objectionable than the monotony and sense of self-parody that kick in long before the whimper of a finish.
This reboot is little more than its strenuous, sometimes skilful navigation through a well-established chronology, inspiring ambivalence more than awe.

@highlight

Mired in its muddled mythology, Terminator: Genisys is a lurching retread that lacks the thematic depth, conceptual intelligence, or visual thrills that launched this once-mighty franchise.