I was torn between walking out immediately and staying to witness a spectacle more dismaying than anything on the screen: the way small children were digging gratuitous bloodshed.
A movie that has a little bit of everything, and it's easily the best version of itself that could possibly be put together.
A goofy piece of over-the-top mayhem with half a brain.
A terrifically entertaining movie, and a sharp, funny social commentary from start to finish.
Roger Corman is the master of doing a lot with a little, and Death Race 2000 is but one shining example of the filmmaker's know-how.
Director Paul Bartel perfected his brand of blackhearted humor on this ragged production, overcoming budgetary restraint with inspired moments of B movie spectacle...
Behold the power of cheese!
The conception and execution are top-notch low-budget trash.
Death Race 2000 is as Corman as his B-grade action pics come, with cars flying through the frame, blood spilling behind them, and overnight pit-stops for some sex ("navigators" in each car keep their drivers juiced up).
One of King Corman's finest pictures.
It has a comic strip premise which is neverthless wholly credible in a sick sort of way.
Unwatchable car wreck of an exploitation film.
Fun, fun, fun!
The story, about a road race in the not-too-distant future for which the drivers are given points for running down pedestrians, becomes an elaborate and telling fantasy about our peculiar popular entertainments. Fine work carved from minimal materials.
Superior drive-in exploitation fare, this violent, campy action flick presents Carradine as Frankenstein, a scarred road warrior in black leather suit and cape.
Script, from an Ib Melchior story, makes its satirical points economically, and director Paul Bartel keeps the film moving quickly.
Time has tamed it somewhat, but it's still loads of fun.
a must see for so many people - science fiction fans, satirists, action movie buffs, 70s film aficionados and anyone who likes an over-the-top film
Overall the movie isn't as synchromeshed as it might be; the rivalry between champions Carradine and Stallone isn't very interesting, and some of the gags aren't sick or funny enough. But it's a great audience film.
...a mindlessly entertaining, thoroughly campy piece of work...
Corman didn't direct the drive-in hit Death Race 2000, but it bears his imprint of economic utilitarianism.
In the end, it reveals itself to have nothing to say beyond the superficial about government or rebellion. And in the absence of such a statement, it becomes what it seems to have mocked -- a spectacle glorifying the car is an instrument of violence.
An absolute must-see for true film fans.
This is director Paul Bartel and writer Robert Thom at their most deliriously twisted and producer Roger Corman at his most visionary.
Crazy-violent, chintzy camp classic.
Don't miss it.










@highlight

Death Race 2000 is a fun, campy classic, drawing genuine thrills from its mindless ultra-violence.