You'll have seen The November Man's espionage shenanigans done much better elsewhere, but Brosnan proves his spry spy veteran has still got what it takes while veteran director Roger Donaldson keeps the action nimble.
The sometimes-cluttered plot aside, this slickly-shot film manages to pass muster. A big reason why you might want to see this film is because Pierce Brosnan is in it. And indeed, it is on his able shoulders that this movie rests.
[The film] very deliberately trades on whatever nostalgia moviegoers might have left for Pierce Brosnan as a secret agent, and ticket-buyers' mileage will vary accordingly.
A few brain cells short and a handful of years too late.
The only purpose for its existence is potentially giving film students an interesting study in overcompensation.
A poor, poor script can zap the charisma out of any actor. Just look at what The November Man did to Pierce Brosnan.
Directed with old-school grit and clarity.
A throwback-y, meat and potatoes potboiler that manages to get the job done with a minimum of fuss. The nastiness is bracing.
Promising start, but by the midway point the film devolves to a generic action film with themes you've seen countless times already.
A welcome throwback spy thriller that is as old-fashioned as it is derivative, but gives Brosnan's fans a taste of the former 007 agent.
The November Man is a second-rate espionage thriller that desperately wants to be in the same tier as Jason Bourne and Jack Ryan, but thanks to dull characters and an unengaging plot, it merely ends up being a flat and forgettable spy outing.
It all looks terribly old-fashioned and a little old-hat.
While hardly a revelation, it is a welcome return for the actor to the genre that made him famous.
Even though it never feels believable, this twisty spy thriller has such a quick pace that it's consistently entertaining.
Spy v Sigh.
The spy who bored me.
Such lameness is all the more disappointing considering how much more tightly Donaldson once pulled together a similar package in the 1987 Kevin Costner spy drama No Way Out.
Ploughing through this tedious by-the-numbers thriller is less Bond, more of a bind.
Serviceable, but entirely predictable.
Brosnan shows enough in the action scenes to make this an effective audition piece for the next Expendables movie but there's nothing here you haven't seen in countless Eurotrash thrillers.
...a misguided thriller that squanders its promising opening stretch...
A standard by-the-numbers spy thriller, "The November Man" rides squarely on the broad shoulders of Pierce Brosnan
Director Roger Donaldson has made decent thrillers before, but stuck with dud material like this, The November Man is one to forget.
Donaldson punctuates numerous scenes with sub-John Woo physical calisthenics and slow-motion violence that does nothing to enhance the intensity and everything to divert our attention
This is R-rated territory. So move over, Bond and Bourne.
Bronson nails his tough, ruthless, bleak character
The pace of the film is fast and it generates a lot of tension. The acting is solid, led by Brosnan, who handles this role with aplomb, along with veteran actor Bill Smitrovich ("Ted") who plays CIA section chief Hanley.
This formulaic espionage thriller of vigilante justice and international intrigue only serves to remind moviegoers of better days for both the star and the genre.
Codename: The Spy Who Staggered Up From The Dead. This dismal little affair slops into cynicism and uncaring brutality (to women). Clichés abound; hi-tech's whipped out whenever convenient; chases and showdowns seem genre-formulaic and rote.
The stale stench of late summer is hitting movie theaters.
For a guy who used to be James Bond, Brosnan makes a surprisingly unconvincing superspy and the story is a meatheaded misfire riddled with loose ends, plot holes and action clichés.
It's a thrill seeing Brosnan in action once again.
A scatterbrained rehash of From Russia with Love, with all of the Russia and nothing to love.
The agent is called "The November Man" because "after he passes through, nothing lives" - but it's doubtful there will be more movies after this one. It almost seems as though the character did a number on his own story.
Pierce Brosnan does a good job going James Bond-blunt on us instead of taking 007's usual suave way.
Devereaux barely has to be coaxed out of his present-day life, because like Wolverine, he's the best he is at what he does and what he does isn't operating a lakefront cafe.
Paranoid anomie was just the thing in a post-Watergate world back in the '70s, and movies then reflected it. That makes this delightfully, unapologetically old-fashioned.
It looks, for moments at a time, as if it might be something worthwhile. It quickly reverts, though, to a familiar cliched plot. This is not all bad.
In a genre where smarts and thrills are pivotal, The November Man delivers only routine (and uninspired) spy drama.
Warmed-over spy vs. spy material.
The scenario that writers Michael Finch and Karl Gajdusek create for Brosnan is so convoluted Stephen Hawking would struggle to follow along.
With The November Man Donaldson's got a good story, and he does his best not to get in the way of it.
The November Man is a decent programmer that will satisfy genre enthusiasts.
...the capable, experienced cast and crew, tight pace and editing and exotic Central European locales make for an entertaining thriller that does tie up all the ends.
It's a serviceable, pleasingly CGI-unenhanced run-and-gun flick I will find on Encore Action after midnight a year-and-a-half from now and watch for 17 minutes before remembering I've already seen it.
begins its cinematic life as a perfectly adequate neo-Cold War thriller before it takes a hard swerve into stupidity, where it resolutely remains for the rest of its running time
As enjoyable an actor as Brosnan is, sometimes his taste in screenplays boggles the mind.
There's nothing terribly wrong with The November Man in a serviceable late-night cable TV sort of way but neither is there anything terribly right about it. It's unnecessary and derivative.
A very generic genre movie.
'The November Man' has its share of problems, but Brosnan totally nails the mix of world-weary and action-junkie that makes his character fun to watch even as the plot is wildly careening around hairpin curves of logic.
He's fit enough for a 60-plus-year-old and cool, to be sure, but he's no Liam Neeson. And THE NOVEMBER MAN is no TAKEN.
The November Man is one of those thrillers that grows progressively more incoherent, and it simply isn't fast enough to glide over its gaping narrative holes.
Not even old pros Roger Donaldson, who directed "The Bank Job" and "No Way Out," or Pierce Brosnan, who has played many weary spies and killers, can pull this movie out of its self-dug hole.
November, December? June, July or even -- yes -- August. Pick a month, any month and this one is still bad.
Just as exciting and intriguing as a Bond film. Pierce Brosnan is at his best.
It's got suspense, a complex spy thriller plot, and some top-notch action, and it is surprisingly entertaining.
Surprisingly, this thriller from director Roger Donaldson isn't half bad, due in large part to its star Pierce Brosnan, who returns to the action genre after far too long an absence.
The film suffers from an incomprehensible plot and vague characters, rendering the whole thing mostly forgettable.
Brosnan's performance makes The November Man worth seeing.
[An] engaging, fast-paced and ultimately ludicrous combo of espionage and mayhem ...
A predictable espionage thriller undercut further by loose ends left dangling, November Man is worth seeing only for Pierce Brosnan's dynamic lead performance.
The former James Bond and one-time Remington Steele is so comfortable playing the suave operative saving the world that even when this thriller falls off the bar stool of believability, it still proves entertaining.
It's unfortunate that the shrewdness -- dare I say thought? -- that went into shaping Brosnan's aging hero doesn't extend to the rest of the movie.
It sort of works as an R-rated Bourne with no shakey cam, until about 40 minutes in when the screenwriter's check clears and everyone stops caring.
...an OK time passer.
"The November Man" turns out to be the classic August movie: a triumph of competence over imagination and schlock over taste. Its highest value lies in reminding filmgoers that fall can't come too soon.
The plot is so convoluted that it's almost always hard to tell what is at stake and what each side is trying to accomplish.
Director Roger Donaldson has had his ups and downs over the past few years; the script for this lodges somewhere in the middle, though he compensates for its lack of distinction through sheer velocity and nimble negotiation of its hairpin turns.
Donaldson's film contains some of the most perplexing espionage tactics ever devised for the silver screen.
The November Man is diligently executed, and Brosnan gives a fine performance as an action hero who can convey a character's thought processes as well as deliver a punch.
While maintaining the mystery is key to a movie like this, and while the set-up necessitates numerous overlapping threads, there are far too many and it proves to be a fatal distraction.
Even more disastrous is the film's treatment of women who are seen almost entirely as either sex objects or foils for men to play off of. A woman's only use in this film is to advance the plot by making mistakes.
Brosnan is past 60; his director Roger Donaldson is just shy of 70. If you'd like to see a movie about the limitations of being young and inexperienced, this is it.
Even if you're dying to see it, I bet you can wait until it hits video in a couple months.
Lifeless dialogue spoken by guys trying to look tough and sound tough with only one of them succeeding (the other one is Luke Bracey).
The November Man is unable to make heads or tails of how to establish an interesting storyline. It is one of the most monumentally dull trips you could possibly have at the cinema this year.
Might be the most irresponsibly dumb spy thriller I've seen in some time.
If it doesn't transcend its genre origins, I suspect it's because it doesn't want to.
When The November Man stays pulpy, its cheesier aspects-like a low-rent supporting cast and a gratuitous sex scene-seem like par for the course. When it turns more serious, so do its failings.
Roger Donaldson embellishes an already overly plotty scenario with hollowly attractive genre superfluities.
Pierce Brosnan is a better spy here than he ever was in the Bond movies.
There is a great amount of confusion about the central character in The November Man, which is quite at odds with the character himself.
Barely reaches the standard of a generic throw-away thriller, with a sub-par storyline and painfully tiresome dialog.
There's no excuse for how boring and incomprehensible so much of The November Man is.
A pastiche of old-fashioned espionage cliches, clumsily stitched together and even more ineptly executed.
Started out as a perfectly entertaining generic action movie, but it got so aggressively stupid, you really can't even enjoy it on a superficial level.
As far as escapist fluff laced with totally unnecessary real-world horror goes, The November Man isn't wretched.
Slick 'n' sturdy, stumbling only occasionally....
The utter lack of originality eventually sinks the movie, and the climax has more howlers than a wolf convention.
The movie fails to develop the most important people in Devereaux's life as characters, even obliquely, until the movie needs to terrorize or kill them to jack up suspense and sympathy.
For someone who once played James Bond, you'd think Pierce Brosnan would have better instincts when choosing another spy thriller.
Though it pulses with the violence and vague international intrigue of the Bourne series-there are shootouts, chase scenes, double crosses, and twists-there's no purpose behind any of this. It's just rug-pulling for its own sake.
A clunky spy thriller to begin with, but it's the film's attitude towards violence against women that pushes it over the line to pure loathsomeness
A thriller this frivolous should have nothing to do with the grim realities of war trauma and rape and the Hague, all of which shatter the movie's delicate dumbness.
"The November Man" will keep you entertained, especially if you're a spy thriller junkie like me.
Despite the logistical loopholes, "The November Man" is unpredictable, suspenseful and very entertaining.
Even in these days of renewed U.S.-Russian tensions, its Cold War demeanor feels anachronistic, and its simple cynicism comes off as recycled and cheap.
The cinematic equivalent of a Golden Parachute, a paycheck role in a burgeoning franchise that may pad Brosnan's retirement fund but asks very little - in terms of performance - from its rugged, disinterested lead.
Brosnan is a nitty, gritty, Bondish (due to his handsomeness) secret agent with absolutely no penchant for tongue-in-cheek joking, drinking non-stirred booze, or loyalty to the Queen.
"The November Man" is a sturdy-enough addition to the action spy (as opposed to the thoughtful spy) canon. It shoots straight, runs fast and is thoroughly, almost convincingly, paranoid.
Brosnan ... slips back into his intel identity with seeming effortlessness. The watchfulness, the calm, the jujitsu moves, the walking-through-rooms-with-the gun-held-straight-out-in-front-of-you stuff.
Some like it cold. And that seems to be Brosnan's aim here - showing us someone who enjoys his license to kill so much, he's forgotten some of his reason to live.
While the story may struggle to make sense, it's the star that everyone understands.
Bad. Really bad. This wannabe Bond movie features many elements of Brosnan's Bond films except for one: quality. This is easily one of the year's worst films.
Sadly, the film rapidly devolves into an AARP version of a Jason Bourne-like vendetta, only bloodier and less meaningful.
Often frustrating and at times incomprehensible, the Bourne/Bond clone keeps the pulse racing but ultimately fails to satisfy.
It's called "The November Man," but it's really just another forgettable August release.
It trundles out every spy thriller cliché and tries to simplify an overcomplicated plot through bullets and bloodshed, rather than logic.
Although "The November Man" shows us some attractive people in motion, the cumulative effect leaves us neither shaken nor stirred.
Nothing fresh is being brought to the table, but it's a sufficient bit of fun for anyone who longs for the days of Brosnan's spy swagger.
The film is nearly over before you begin to wonder why it's called "The November Man," and giving any thought to the explanation is beside the point.
It is what it is: an unusually resonant, well-textured thriller that you can still eat plenty of popcorn to.
Though the film's cat-and-mouse scenes hardly compare to those in a Bourne movie, they're enjoyable and only occasionally ridiculous.
Imagine James Bond without the charm, heart, and sense of humor.
Donaldson, a veteran Australian director who was hot in the 1980s, should know to avoid the many rookie mistakes he lazily makes here.
Make no mistake that the film has issues, but it also has some fun action scenes and ultimately one can see Brosnan doing more with the character in the planned sequel.
As far as the spy genre goes, Pierce Brosnan's "The November Man" is more filler than thriller.
Brosnan classes up what is basically a watered-down Bond-put-to-pasture thriller.
Vintage Brosnan!
Brosnan is still a dynamic hero, but he can't save this low-rent spy thriller.
You can tell that veteran director Roger Donaldson senses that he's losing his audience when the music starts getting louder and the blood spray gets more slow motion-y.
The film checks off all the spy-movie conventions but rarely raises one's pulse. "The November Meh" would be a more accurate title.
Runs through spy movie cliches with such dogged obligation that it often plays like a YouTube compilation of scenes from older, better thrillers, generating little overall tension and only occasionally approaching basic coherence.
Featuring a star and brand of spy action that are both well past their prime, The November Man makes for a dull, regressive espionage thriller.

@highlight

The November Man has a few of the ingredients necessary for a better-than-average spy thriller, making it all the more disappointing that it falls back on dull genre clichés.