Looper may not be something Christian moviegoers want to expose themselves to, but it should hearten us to know that young, influential filmmakers like Johnson are wrestling with these questions in such well-done movies.
There isn't one wasted moment or word.
A breath of fresh air as we creep into the heavy fall dramas and awards glitz, Looper will likely not be forgotten as the film that showed up and got the job done.
Great set-up. Awful follow-through.
While the film overshoots its landing by a mile, it's a worthwhile science fiction piece with no shortage of interesting ideas.
Rian Johnson is a very clever man, if sometimes a bit too clever for his own good.
This is the real deal, folks - intelligent, humorous, exciting entertainment that happens to be sci-fi but is by no means limited to that genre's target audience in terms of appeal.
This is a wildly entertaining film that isn't content with science and cinematic tricks. It desires, and achieves, much more.
I found myself dreaming of the days when Willis would take a rest from Die Hard-ing to do character cameos of unexpected depth and pathos: Pulp Fiction, Nobody's Fool, and a few others. Now he clings to stoic longevity, and shoots people.
The ending is both daring and logical, two rarities in modern sci-fi.
With a heady script, stunning performances and fist-pumping action, LOOPER is the most enjoyable combination of immensely watchable yet poignant, even cerebral.
If it weren't for its gaping plot holes, this could be one of this century's best science fiction features.
A fresh, intelligent and action-packed addition to the time-travel anthology.
Not quite the time travel story science fiction fans were hoping for, alas.
Yes, it's a B movie sci-fi thriller, but not many prestige pictures have this much going on underneath the surface.
[Looper] may be the best sci-fi thriller to hit the theaters since 1995's Twelve Monkeys.
That first hour cooks. And the second hour brings Emily Blunt into the story, which is a fine thing for any second half to offer.
Is it derivative? Not really; just a reminder that cinema, like history, is on a continuous loop, forever repeating itself.
If the whole thing leaves you rubbing your temples, just a bit... well, this headache's sort of worth it.
Despite its confusing logic and ornate storyline, Looper still grabs the audience with the raw emotional storyline on the farm and the constant popping back and forth in time. It's a head-scratching ride, but a fun one nonetheless.
Call it the coolest, most complex sci-fi of 2012 and the best movie of its kind since "Inception." Pow! What a ride!
Accessible to a general audience while still having moments that will warm any film geek's heart, this is the kind of genre film that elevates the form.
The movie is morally murky, to put it lightly, and that's a bit refreshing; we're made to think about why we want the protagonists to achieve their goals.
Intelligent, extremely imaginative, visually stunning and constantly surprising, this is filmmaking of the highest order from Rian Johnson.
Looper is among the cleverest, most skillfully crafted and entertaining sci-fi thrillers of the past 20 years.
The smartest, most stylish and most outright entertaining science-fiction film of the year.
A thought-provoking, heart-pounding take on the applications and ethics of time travel which, oddly enough, doubles up as a lesson in the importance of good parenting.
This is one of those rare genre movies (like the original TERMINATOR) that reminds us that Sci-Fi can be smart. It's much more than just a bunch of special effects and explosions. It's what all movies should aspire to be.
While it sometimes feels like it's trying to do much, Looper manages to be a creditable and exciting sci-fi flick that homages the past while carving out a unique identity.
Much as he did in Brick, Johnson creates a carefully drawn world in Looper that exists by its own particular set of rules.
... has an irresistible energy and a don't-give-a-damn unpredictability ...
Beautifully crafted, acted and written.
Anchors high-concept thrills and captivating ideas in a world of challenging morality and intricate personal consequences.
Truly imaginative but all the twists and turns make the overall film difficult to follow. Plus Gordon-Levitt has not reached leading man status yet.
Kind of a reverse-"Terminator" without any of James Cameron's wit (or wisdom),
An endlessly creative mind-blowing film that captures everything right about the movie going experience. Johnson conjures up the most imaginative action/science fiction film since 'Inception.'
Part science fiction, part mob movie, and with a nice infusion of dark comedy at just the right moments, Looper is Johnson's best movie yet, and manages to be hugely entertaining, affecting, and thought-provoking.
takes us far beyond the film's high-concept premise into the kind of emotional terrain that too often escapes even the best genre filmmakers
Doesn't quite reach the heights of the lofty ideals that it so ardently seeks to expound, but makes up for this with the sheer thrill of the journey Rian Johnson takes us on.
Ingenious with a fine performance by Emily Blunt, but far too much cold-blooded violence.
Engaging, exciting, and successfully cross-breeding elements of Terminator and even Pet Sematary, Looper is a solid work of palatable science-fiction.
Looper's super. An action-thriller that bothers to have a brain.
Looper may not take us back to the future as satisfyingly as Robert Zemeckis' Marty McFly trilogy or James Cameron's Terminator franchise, but writer-director Rian Johnson does enough right to all but guarantee that he has a future cult film on the books.
The best time travel films play on emotion rather than logic, and once Looper realises this and drops all the tail-chasing about how time travel works it settles into the engrossing action/drama about destiny it should have been from the get go.
Has more depth, smarts, and heart than the usual sci-fi bluster.
A just about brilliant sci-fi crime-drama-thriller mostly set in the years 2044 and 2074. Rian Johnson is a rare director who creates entertainment with depth.
The key to enjoying the gruesome violence mixed with a healthy potion of emotional depth rarely found in this genre is to not dwell on the fiction in the science.
Sometimes time travel is just used a cheap device in movies to make them seem different; this is not one of those films. It's genuinely unique and fresh.
Very entertaining on many, many levels.
The best kind of light entertainment that expects you to be just as intelligent as it is.
It's complex enough that sci-fi fans can dig deeper over multiple viewings, but thrilling enough that casual viewers can take it all in with one watch.
...an above-average sci-fi tale.
Rian Johnson makes a loud, dark, highly stylized film that looks good but whose ideas do not really bear close examination.
Time travel makes sense in Looper because writer-director Rian Johnson keeps it on a short leash, not requiring enough manufactured logic to trip over later.
I don't know where you guys found that kid... Was it the same lab where they grew the Fannings?
Besides a challenging time-travel premise, a dark sense of humor, and some thrilling action scenes, Looper has the kind emotional weight that you wouldn't expect.
... Writer-director Rian Johnson never stops working, using the science-fiction setup and trappings to delve into the characters and give us a story with some real meat.
You don't need time-travel to spot a future cult classic.
It's just a shame that a smart, thoughtful movie like this is all too often the exception to mainstream sci/fi action fare rather than the rule.
Despite some big set pieces, it's the smaller emotional moments that get us thinking
Nothing less than an exceptionally satisfying piece of futuristic ingenuity with a great corps of actors. It will knock you out -- in any time zone.
The reasoning behind all this may not reward prolonged inspection, but Johnson is smart enough to press onward with his plot, leaving us with neither the time nor the desire to linger over the logic ...
Writer-director Rian Johnson establishes himself as an original talent who clearly believes storytelling must prevail.
A scintillating neo-noir gem of existential quandaries and inescapable fatalism.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the hardest working man in Hollywood for 2012, continues his journey to the A-List.
Best stay focused and avoid a loo break!
This all sounds a little too much like The Terminator, but Johnson keeps things moving and rings ingenious changes on familiar material ...
Do make time for it.
It might be confusing in its time-travel material, but is both entertaining and somewhat challenging by being so action-packed and loopy.
Refreshingly unique
"Looper" is frenetic, loud, creative, entertaining and, of course, unbelievable.
Featuring fantastic performances from the entire cast, absorbing cinematography, and one of the most unique concepts for a film in quite some time, Looper is one of the most creative, intelligent, and unpredictable films of the year.
... re-establishes the (time travel) genre in a new and fresh way. And seriously, how cool is it to have an actual blunderbus for an assassin's weapon?
Exciting and engrossing futuristic thriller - with a solid payoff.
Time travel is tricky. Even more tricky than talking time is reviewing Looper and not giving away the tasty time treats awaiting serious and non-serious sci-fi fans.
Well-constructed narrative, looping back on itself, spiraling willingly into its own paradoxes and dealing with all the weird overlaps in a way few movies dare to bother with.
A sci-fi action thriller that's smart, complicated, and that actually follows through on plot twists guaranteed to make the audience uneasy.
Johnson's direction builds on the optimistic tone that is inherent in the best time-travel stories: the idea that there are always second chances to fix past mistakes.
Like any good piece of speculative fiction, "Looper" can't be boiled down into a short plot blurb... There hasn't been a movie quite like it.
Keeps you mentally hopping, daring you to guess where it is headed, then cheerfully pulling the rug out from under you each time.
this is nothing less than a consideration of how at every moment, every person on the planet is making one of an infinite number of choices that will lead to an infinite number of possibilities. It's enough to make the head spin. And it does. Sublimely.
One of the best movies of the year.
A mind-bending ride that is not afraid to slow down now and again, to explore themes of regret and redemption, solitude and sacrifice, love and loss. It's a movie worth seeing and, perhaps, going back to see again.
Looper is an ambitious undertaking. The (slightly) flawed result stands heads above as an example of quality sci-fi crafted by an artistic and creative filmmaker.
Looper is a thoughtful genre-bender that brings science-fiction, action and mystery together in one tight package.
Awards talk is way premature. But giving a solid, mostly original genre entry its due praise is not.
A stunner from start to finish -- a smart, exciting time-travel action film that respects its audience, its genre and even its characters.
Looper has more heart than Brick and the 2008 con-man flick The Brothers Bloom. Both fine achievements, they could also be described as viscerally cerebral.
While Gordon-Levitt and Willis have a blast with the space-time issues and some funny dialogue, the movie loses steam after a solid start.
I'm a sucker for time-travel movies.
Looper is like a Christopher Nolan movie with a sense of humor.
Looper is a thinking man's science fiction film with a bold plot that grabs you from the opening frame.
The subplot revolving around Cid takes away from the sci-fi and time travel yarn, taking me out of the loop, so to speak.
An ingenious, witty film that simply brims with ideas and energy.
Other films evoked by 'Looper' include Brian De Palma's 'Carrie' and, inevitably, Terry Gilliam's '12 Monkeys' (1995), which also stars Willis and which is light years ahead of 'Looper.'
Looper does a better job of making sense of the nonsensical than any time-travel film since Shane Carruth's undervalued Primer.
Unusal and Intriguing
So close to being a great movie is Looper that I want to go back in time and chat with writer-director Rian Johnson about the parts of the film that come up short.
I'm definitely going to see "Looper" again. But you know what I want even more than that? I want to go back in time, and experience it for the first time again.
The most robust pure sci-fi in years - tighter and more fun than even 'Inception', if not as dizzyingly ambitious in its engineering.
More than just being atmospheric, "Looper" also delivers some awesome action sequences and novel plot twists ... This is a movie that sticks with you and is fun to talk about after the fact.
Ambitious to a fault, but Johnson's vision remains original and initially hypnotic, constructing a wild but winded tale of time travel -- one of the rare movies this year with almost too much minutiae to manage successfully.
Mind-bending science-fiction and proud of it, not just a Western set in outer space or a monster movie set on an alien planet. It's worth seeing twice.
As sturdy as it is stylish -- but most of all flat-out entertaining.
"Looper" is the best action/sci-fi film in years.
Looper felt to me like a maddening near-miss ...
It's a head flip of a time trip.
Writer-director Rian Johnson has come up with a nifty sci-fi hook, and he keeps as tight a rein as possible on the story's twisty internal logic.
... a smart and sharply realized vision of a not-too-distant, not-too-dystopian future [that] doesn't get too fussy with the probabilistic nature of quantum mechanics.
The transgression of internal logic suspends a faithfully observant viewer's disbelief more than Mr. Gordon-Levitt's glued on eyebrows.
This is an exciting, exceptionally well-made futuristic thriller that also happens to be loaded with lived-in touches and punchy ideas.
Boasts Rian Johnson's reverence for cinema past while taking genre movies into a promising future. Looper is that rare thriller that always stays ahead of its audience. You may feel like you need a time machine just to catch up to it.
A fashionably sleek, unfashionably smart science-fiction film that tick-tick-ticks along with pocket-watch precision.
Johnson doesn't explain too much, but he explains just enough about how two people can be one person, and how the younger entity's actions, in real time, can affect the memory of the older entity.
While the third act inevitably bogs down a bit in gunplay and chases, there are more than enough moments of visual wonder and storytelling surprise to make it worth the trip.
The smart idea at the center blossoms into an equally smart movie.
As with his brilliant and ground-breaking "Brick," also starring Gordon-Levitt, writer/director Rian Johnson has an engaging and compelling way of mixing genres.
Looper is a challenging, fun, serious and action packed movie in all of the right ways.
Johnson - who collaborated with Levitt on his brilliant debut thriller Brick - has crafted both an intelligent and compelling sci-fi world.
[It] may begin as a "Terminator"-like piece of time travel escapism, but ultimately gathers Old Testament-worthy force and fury.
An indie-inflected popcorn movie with major brains, brilliant acting and a highly satisfying payoff, "Looper'' is the first must-see movie of the season.
"Looper" looks like and is a blast; what's really cool is it's even more than that.
Johnson's action scenes occasionally stumble, but the devilishly clever script makes "Looper" a thrilling, dizzying ride.
Looper provides some breathtaking moments of action and food for thought, although we'd go easy on the latter.
The dialogue is as clever as the conceit.
While "Looper" lacks the heft of a classic, this wayback machine is worth taking for a spin.
You'll be unravelling its time travel machinations in your head as you walk from the cinema, but there are some scenes that will live much longer in the memory.
Looper is a rare example of ingenious science-fiction storytelling where the fundamental concepts are so intriguing that their stylish execution feels like gravy.
From the carefully choreographed action scenes to the themes of revenge and redemption, Looper is the work of a visionary. Don't miss it.
Looper marks a significant step forward for time-travel storytelling. Johnson's outstanding vision and execution push at the genre's emotional and psychological boundaries harder than any sci-fi work in recent memory.
It's official: Looper closes the loop on any doubt that writer/director Rian Johnson is one of the most fascinating filmmakers to appear on the doorstep of the 21st century.
A really fresh and innovative spin on the genre that, although it doesn't quite result in the next great sci-fi classic, is definitely one of the better contemporary films of its kind.
While there are problems aplenty with the logic (or lack thereof) of the plot's various elements and devices, I still managed to be caught up in the characters and the story as they played out. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Brutal and chilling, if not air-tight, it is best to allow the many pleasures of "Looper" to sweep over without dwelling too closely on particulars.
The result is a film that is simultaneously a visceral and an intellectual experience.
The leads blend as seamlessly as any young-old character coupling I've seen.
This is a genuinely tough-minded and unpredictable movie, one of the fall's most enjoyable entertainments ...
The first half of writer/director Rian Johnson's film is gripping, but by the second half it's all become unbelievably confused and disjointed.
It will likely have moviegoers gathering outside the theater afterward to hash out details of its intricately constructed universe.
This is a highflying, super-stylish science-fiction thriller that brings a fresh approach to mind-bending genre material.
Faintly absurd, but done up with such confidence that you're willing to go along for the ride.
It's safe to predict that "Looper" will transform Mr. Johnson's career, and give pleasure to popeyed audiences for a long time to come.
Mr. Johnson throws a lot at the screen, blasted corpses included, yet little here is as initially transfixing as Mr. Gordon-Levitt's mug.
Even with its echoes of sci-fi thrillers past, from La Jette to The Terminator, Rian Johnson's mind bender feels fresh - fresh enough to be forgiven for sputtering off the rails in the final act.
Johnson is strong enough to come in with a great conceptual finish, one which links his loopers to a more universal 'cycle of vengeful violence.'
However long it takes to get your bearings, Looper is worth it. Bruce Willis expertly blends tough and tender and Joseph Gordon-Levitt is at the top of his game in this rip-roaring mind-bender.
"Looper" pedals furiously and largely successfully to keep our disbelief from crashing to the ground.
"Looper" shows a good deal of evidence of [Johnson's] ability to deal with complex issues in an engaging manner, but it also shows that he knows how to put together an intriguing story with the material.
There hasn't been much lately for those who crave some brain power along with their effects-driven firepower. Now comes Looper, the time-travel tease from Rian Johnson that is an immensely fun yet thought-provoking ride.
"Looper" is a superior genre film, an engrossing thriller that engages not only the senses, but our minds as well, just as good sci-fi should do.
Looper is a self-consciously good-looking, profoundly silly movie that nevertheless comes off as high-minded.
Looper grounds itself in the commonplace realities of moments ... and then takes off on wild flights of science fiction-y suspense. The combination is cool.
A gripping time-travel, sci-fi thriller indebted to Christopher Nolan's Memento and James Cameron's The Terminator, but with its own creepiness and muscular sense of urgency.
For sci-fi nuts, Looper corrects the past.
Despite the movie's downbeat view of the life-is-cheap future, it's a kick to watch, and makes a virtue of its bleakness by virtue of amusing performances.
Johnson wears his new maturity with confidence, delivering a tense, twisty story with an unexpected emotional wallop.
[Johnson] uses speculative and film noir elements to defy expectations of both.
The second Rian Johnson movie in a row (following The Brothers Bloom) that looks great but meanders while doing it.
Looper isn't just the smartest, most ambitious film I've seen in 2012, it's something more: it's one of my favourite films of all time.
Matching its intelligent and taut thrills with richly developed characters and thought-provoking questions, this is one of the decade's best sci-fi flicks.
Looper is a dark, violent and surprisingly intelligent edge-of-your-seat thriller with a similar feel to sci-fi trips like Inception and In Time.
With just his third feature, Looper's writer-director Rian Johnson reveals himself to be the most exciting and unorthodox filmmaker to splash into the mainstream since Christopher Nolan.
It's an intriguing ride and I really enjoyed it. I think it's clever.
A playful sci-fi thriller on the tantalising theme of time travel and how the future can be altered.
Looper may be as flawed as hell... but it has enough brilliance to get it over the hump.
The dystopian setting... makes for some bold cultural commentary, but as usual with Johnson, the engaging ideas feel like affectations rather than products of a fully developed sensibility.
Once you envision how ridiculous the Tinseltown version of this tale would be, what director Rian Johnson accomplishes is all the more special.
Yet another rehash of the first "Terminator" film, revisiting the time travel genre without bringing a whole lot new to the table.
With his third film, writer/director Rian Johnson has crafted his most mainstream picture to date, without sacrificing one whit of the dazzling inventiveness or finely detailed characterizations that distinguished his earlier pictures.
Gordon-Levitt is flinty, and Willis, on his A-game, is fiery. Together, they take us on a helluva trip.
A for effort. C and see-me for results and how to improve them for the DVD.
A fanciful film with the patina of hyper-realism, Looper is well served by actors who behave not as if they were dropped carelessly into the future but spent their whole desperate lives there.
Not just a great movie but a great movie that seems to promise more great ones to come.
The most resourceful, vivacious and savage science fiction movie of 2012.
Though this is a shadowy, violent film, Johnson wisely inserts just enough humor to create shades of gray rather than blackness.
A bold, ambitious sci-fi drama that is destined to be more admired than adored.
A very fulfilling sci-fi adventure that certainly knows how to close the loop.
"Looper" is a welcome return to smart science fiction. It's more than just a popcorn film. It's a drama that uses an age-old genre device to play a fantastic moral game of cat and mouse. A definite must-see.
It's a science fiction film that gives you a lot of plot to chew on and some genuine moral dilemmas - about sacrifice, guilt, heinous crimes to protect the greater good and what-not.
Johnson knows what he wants you to think about, and he expects you to relax and enjoy the rest. You can draw the diagrams later.
This is a "you know what would be cool?" movie that considers the real-world ramifications of its science-fiction whiz-bang, and a film of ideas that doesn't skimp on the action.
"Looper" weaves between past and present in a way that gives Johnson and his actors opportunities to create a surprisingly involving narrative.
Loopers really need to unionize.
...a muddled echo of several other films where the filmmakers treated their ideas as something more than a gimmick.
For all its weighty genre trappings, Looper is really about that existential connection, and in that it mostly succeeds.
All of Looper's ideas, elements and actions loop back on themselves to create a thrilling, fascinating and fiercely imaginative head-scratcher that's undoubtedly the best sci-fi of 2012.
Rian Johnson...has conjured a supremely well-crafted science-fiction thriller that fully delivers on the promise of its out-there premise.
Looper is one of the few modern-day character-motivated science fiction films to [also] succeed on levels of action and suspense.
Intriguing conversation material but curiously cold and unsatisfying as drama.
A stylish, intelligent and superbly acted Sci-Fi thriller with some intriguing ideas and great dialogue ...
Looper imagines a world just near enough to look familiar, and just futuristic enough to be chillingly askew.
I knew this was my kind of sci-fi movie when Bruce Willis yells at Joseph Gordon Levitt, insisting that they stop talking about how time travel works and just get down to the business at hand.
A nifty time-travel thriller that hits the mark.
Good news: Not only is the smart, sexy, sophisticated but still slam-bang sci-fi action-thriller not dead, it's just gotten itself a potent shot in the arm by way of writer-director Rian Johnson.
The best advice is to not overthink "Looper," as Johnson's already done that. Instead, just sit back and enjoy it.
A clever, clever contraption about trading in your future to feed your present, and the lost boys and regretful men who willingly embrace such a bargain already believe they have nothing to live for or look forward to.
Looper is so bursting with its own ideas, it is easy to miss how cannily Johnson references other movies.
Looper is up there with Duncan Jones' Moon and Source Code in the ranks of this century's most genuinely exciting sci-fi films.
The finish is the cinematic equivalent of David Tyree's Super Bowl catch; a conclusion that miraculously - magnificently - manages to close the final loop with an off-the-Richter-scale stroke of genius.
As in the very best Anthony Mann and John Ford westerns, Looper at once understands the visual power of violence and is deeply critical of it.
Johnson's brilliant move is to center his sci-fi around a basic human survival drama.
Johnson establishes the machinery of the time-travel concept, then steadily pushes it into the background in favor of exploring his characters and the difficult questions they face.
Looper is a tremendous motion picture experience. Not merely a "very good" one, but a great one.
It's nice to have a movie worm its way into your brain and leave you wondering and wanting more, and for the mechanics of the plot hold up to further scrutiny. Joseph Gordon-Levitt's fake eyebrows, I suspect, would not withstand such close examination.
Will render any blubbering sci-fi fan speechless.
It isn't flashy and has no intentions of outsmarting the viewer. Johnson presents a world that's wholly digestible, but ever changing, forcing you to keep on your toes.
In short, for all its affectionate pastiche, Looper is a humanist movie, and is all the better for it.
Looper tries (and fails) for a love-against-all-odds resonance, but the shortcomings are minimal. Johnson's still got plenty of unlooped time to grab that brass ring.
Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), the loopy looper, has to time travel into another time to kill himself (Bruce Willis) so that he doesn't make bad movies. No, that's not it. So he can avoid Demi Moore. No. Oh, forget it.
This is a hugely satisfying, enjoyable and thought-provoking piece of work.
Gritty action sequences, striking visuals, and a superbly clever script. One of the better sci-fi films of the last decade without breaking a sweat.
Mostly avoiding the trip-wires of illogic that tend to plague the gobbledygook of time travel, Johnson dodges the bullet by veering away from plot twists and special effects and instead focusing on relationships, character and emotions.
Looper blends visual spectacle with an intelligent, twist filled screenplay that is sure to cement writer/director Rian Johnson's reputation as one of America's most exciting filmmakers.
As well-staged as some of the action is, it often comes down to gunplay, which is never particularly interesting ...entertaining if not exactly gripping.
If high-toned futuristic time-travel pictures with a splash of romance float your boat the way they do mine, you'll have yourself a time.
[VIDEO ESSAY] As time-travel suspense thrillers go "Looper" is a pinch better than mediocre.
It's a thriller with fantasy elements and if you disregard (or don't care about) the internal confusion of its world, you may find it works for you
Looper continually messes with your head as the future physically catches up with the past... I love the boldness of the concept
Looper is a delicious movie with some imaginative curveballs ...
Looper isn't perfect, but it pulls off the full Wizard Of Oz: it has a brain, courage and a heart.
A mind-bending masterpiece that's a must for more cerebral fans of the time-travel genre.
Bruce Willis and Gordon Levitt render terrific, complementary performances in Johnson's third and most fully realized feature, which delivers as sci-fi, thriller and actioner!
"Works on so many levels" is sort of an inside joke among film critics. No joke here; Looper really does.
A delight, a revelation of imaginative storytelling. Willis delivers his most assured performance in years.
It's energizing to watch a fast-paced action film that challenges the audience. The intricate, intelligent storyline demands that you pay attention at all times.
Takes the best elements of time manipulation and brings those ideas together in a volley of bullets and drama. Wildly entertaining and satisfying for the psyche.
From the room-silencing blunderbuss bang of the first execution, Looper's pleasures are plenty.
A disappointment from an ingenious and intelligent filmmaker
An outlandish vision of the near-future which may defy credibility but is bracingly entertaining.
The smartest movie of the year and the best action movie of the year.
A mishmash of futuristic conventions and clichés cobbled together as something we have never quite seen before.
Rian Johnson's 'Looper' is one of the year's best films... a huge jump forward for a filmmaker whose first two films both exhibited a strong, clear voice.
Nothing quite excites and disturbs us as the prospect of time travel. Looper exploits that tension for all its worth.
Looper is a classic piece of sci-fi cinema, riddled with brilliant ideas, a complex and satisfying narrative and, most importantly, a heartbeat.
There's a bit of Twelve Monkeys, more than a dash of Terminator 2.
An electrifying time-travel thriller worthy of comparison to THE TERMINATOR.
Spectacular. Packed with intelligence and feeling. The year's most excitingly original movie.
Savvy, nasty fun, then, and seeing Brucie still able to pull off the tough guy is a form of time travel all in itself.
"Looper" is thrilling to watch even when it falls apart.
It is personal, dark, daring, weird, and refreshingly unique. It is also one of the best sci-fi films of the last several years.
A spectacularly cool time-twisting sci-fi thriller.
The most ambitious, inventive, downright invigorating film you're likely to see all year. Original science fiction film-making at its very finest.
Johnson hauls us through a cat-and-mouse chase, peppered with great dialogue and two showcase performances from Willis and Gordon-Levitt, who's nailed the pained look of befuddlement, the mannered slouch in the walk, that made Willis a star.
Thoughtful, intimate, and deeply moving, writer-director Rian Johnson's assured and perfectly-measured third feature is one of the best films of the year.
Stitched together with dynamism and precision
The coolest, most-confident sci-fi flick since 2006's 'Children of Men.'
Looper is one of the year's most engaging sci-fi films, one that works as both a thriller and a character piece about people faced with making big life decisions (often at the business end of Blunderbuss).
[Rian Johnson's] grandly conceived, impressively mounted third feature shows a giddy, geeky interest in science-fiction, then forces it into the back seat and lets the multidimensional characters drive.
Rian Johnson's third and most ambitious feature keeps the action popping while sustaining interest in the long arc of a story about a man assigned to kill the 30-years-older version of himself.
One of the best films of 2012. You'll immediately want to see it again.
"Looper" successfully closes its loop. For some, that will be enough. But the screenplay takes a few shortcuts to reach its destination, hiding behind the truth that when the future is unpredictable, present day is allowed to be vague.
It feels like something new and different. Futuristic, even.
Creates a world so lively and well-wrought I'd happily see a dozen more movies set there.
A hugely ambitious and mind-blowing sci-fi twist on the gangster flick that's likely to make it one of the coolest movies of the year.

@highlight

As thought-provoking as it is thrilling, Looper delivers an uncommonly smart, bravely original blend of futuristic sci-fi and good old-fashioned action.