The magic of Cretton lies in his ability to make [The Glass Castle's] characters multidimensional beings, their stories are true tapestries. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a great cast ... and there are many fine moments of genuine, moving rapport between them. I just wish the film did them greater justice.
A powerful film that falls somewhere between the spontaneity and anti-establishment defiance of Captain Fantastic and the fierce independence and tough love amid squalor of Beasts of the Southern Wild.
Overall the powerful performances made it an emotional watch.
The narrative serves up carefully balanced helpings of tears and laughter, showing a deep understanding of the father-daughter bond and the sometimes twisted roots of family.
Walls's story, so fresh and vivid in her memoir, is perfectly watchable on screen, but not riveting.
The Glass Castle is 100% tone-deaf and has no idea how to functionally tell the very raw and personal story at its core
Harrelson cuts deep into his character, leaving a deep, dark impression.
The adaptation is a powerful, poignant tale of resilience, strength, compassion and forgiveness that will have you in tears.
The film is reconciling and comforting. [Full review in Spanish]
... juxtaposes present and past to fragment this particular family dysfunction to its roots. [Full review in Spanish]
Such complex, real-life events demand more than the simple uplifiting story The Glass Castle turns out to be, and Walls deserves more than being reduced to nothing more than the sum of her daddy issues.
Filmmaker Destin Daniel Cretton delivers a picture that couldn't be farther away from his subdued, engrossing breakthrough, Short Term 12...
... one could say that reality surpasses fiction, in the end to fall into a somewhat simplistic and too traditional treatment. [Full review in Spanish]
This retelling ultimately undermines Wall's tale about overcoming the psychic wounds of the past. It needed to dive into deeper waters, to capture the story of a girl who spent her life desperately flailing just to stay afloat.
As in other films of this genre, humor seeks to alleviate the drama of the situation... [Full review in Spanish]
The Glass Castle wants to be an old-fashioned weepy but the story borders more on horror.
It's misery porn at its most prettily dishonest, but against all odds, Harrelson, Brie Larson and a gaggle of talented child stars render it soapishly watchable.
The outcome is a milestone in the hypocritical and mechanical use of the redemptive end. [Full review in Spanish]
Maybe she's weighed down by the big hair but [Brie] Larson is left with the least interesting role.
The execution is very impressive, despite the relative inexperience of director Destin Daniel Cretton.
Here the soapiness is much nearer the surface.
Larson is the weak link here as the adult Jeannette, a born-again neoliberal in an 80s power suit, failing to integrate her rich, boring boyfriend into her unconventional family.
The glass castle is a disturbing letter of love and sorrow... [Full review in Spanish]
Frustratingly episodic, The Glass Castle moves between flashbacks and the present day without ever attaining the filmic flow that's the lifeblood of stories such as these.
Jeannette Walls' memoir makes an uneasy transition to the screen.
Despite the efforts of a strong cast, including Brie Larson as the adult Jeannette, and Woody Harrelson and Naomi Watts as her feckless parents, it too often feels manipulative and, even less helpfully, phoney.
Woody Harrelson gives a performance of borderline unwatchable hamminess in this really tiresome film, which sentimentally neutralises parental abuse into a supposedly fascinating angel/devil split.
This dysfunctional family drama, based on the best-selling memoir by gossip columnist Jeannette Walls, finds Woody Harrelson and Brie Larson on career best form.
An egregiously quirky drama in the Captain Fantastic/The Book of Henry mould.
Harrelson makes [his character] more than a two-dimensional ne'er-do-well, finding poignancy in his good intentions and generous acts.
A flinty central turn from Brie Larson and a gregarious yet nonetheless repellent Woody Harrelson are the cornerstones of a family drama about alcoholism and parental abuse that refuses to rest on easy platitudes and psychological certainties.
The film's sentimental instincts jar so awkwardly with its pain that the push for some final uplift feels unmistakably forced.
It's TV-movie-ish in parts, but the actors have a whale of a time.
An emotional family saga peppered with relatable themes.
What we are left with is a family saga which is far more dispiriting than uplifting and which often makes very grim viewing.
Well-acted, well-made and well-intentioned, but not quite strong enough to gain the awards traction it would desire.
Naturally Larson is terrific in the lead role, but she is matched at every turn by Harrelson, who carries the film's tricky tone on his shoulders in a way that only he knows how.
Though it's difficult not to get caught up in this tearjerker, thanks to fine performances from all involved, cheesy dialogue and platitudes hamper the final throes.
A familiar tale of a quirky childhood is delivered with little in the way of freshness or truth. Still, the performances by Larson, Harrelson and Watts rescue it.
The Glass Castle explores the fraught and fractured relationship between a father and daughter, played superbly by Woody Harrelson and Brie Larson.
Almost nothing in the movie comes close to possessing the loose-limbed authenticity of the actual Walls personalities.
Larson, however, is bland like the film, and out-acted by Ella Anderson who shines as the tween Jeannette.
Glass Castle holds your attention in the way that hard luck stories do, but Cretton's reticence in fully exploiting this tale makes for a largely frustrating experience.
The Glass Castle tortures more than graces.
A best-selling book, a promising director, and a great cast made The Glass Castle seem like a tantalizing project, but the pitfalls proved too numerous for this tricky adaptation.
If you really want to know her story, you might have to read the book.
[Destin Daniel] Cretton wants to make an old-fashioned melodrama but fails to stylize the material in any compelling way
To experience the whole thing in sequence is to watch two very long hours of prefabricated, ultimately predictable drama that lacks the texture of Walls's writing or the power of her hard-won insight.
A True Story Impeccably Performed
It's an unusual story unusually well-told, and performances are first-rate.
Another of those tiresome movies about colorful antiestablishment parents who raise their offspring to question society's rules while practically ruining their lives in the process.
Brie Larson (Room) does a nice job as star of this painful, inspiring true story of Jeannette Walls' rise from a childhood of lurid poverty and bizarre parenting to Park Avenue and writerly fame, based on Walls' superb mega-bestselling memoir.
Do we have to sanitize these kinds of things just because the book was so popular? Who does that help, apart from some nebulous studio directive to please the middle-est of the middlebrow?
The Glass Castle has a speed and gloss that seem out of place in a film adaptation of Jeannette Walls' memoir.
A moving and beautifully acted adaptation of Jeanette Walls' memoir features a career-best performance by Woody Harrelson who is sensational here.
The screenwriters approach Walls' life of family dysfunction and balance that with the power of forgiveness.
Clocks in at two hours and seven minutes but it's so intense that I was hardly aware of the time.
There are heart-tugging moments in The Glass Castle, but Walls's bestselling memoir needed to be roughed up and aired out. For it to match up to the book, the movie needed the glass to be smashed, not every shard treasured.
Fans of the book, and Walls' other writing, may appreciate the film- but otherwise, there's not much reason to see it.
Slickly sanitized, Destin Daniel Cretton's screen adaptation of Jeanette Walls' candid memoir succumbs to sentimentality.
By laminating Walls' story with a Hollywood sheen, the narrative climaxes in an artificial and contrived manner.
There's nothing inherently wrong with the film, though it has certainly been made more glossy and smooth than the source text, but there's not much to really resonate, either.
A drunken father hoping for forgiveness as his life ends? It's an all too common story that, frankly, doesn't need another telling.
Due to the herculean task of adaptation, "The Glass Castle" lacks the emotional potency of Cretton's earlier work and the unflinching detail of Walls' memoir.
Deeply touching. The Glass Castle mostly finds just the right note [for the material], feeling very authentic in both the lighter and the darker moments.
The film embraces the charm and the chaos, the light and the dark, in a moving melodrama about a woman who finds herself by accepting her past.
All the performances are compelling, if not convincing.
Dark, dysfunctional, and filled with blinding hope, this is one glass house that's difficult to throw stones at.
I'd rather stick skewers in my ears than listen to Woody Harrelson blather for over two hours as film's bullying, alcoholic father. But at least I get paid for it.
Despite its muddled structure, the strong performances and even-handed perspective on irregular parenting and lasting family bonds successfully translates most of the narrative texture from page to screen.
Cretton gives The Glass Castle an epic grace that, while emotionally exhausting, never feels contrived or heavy-handed.
Based on Walls' best-selling memoir, this drama could have been edgier, but it follows a certain genre type, comfortably presenting itself as a four-hankie weepie graced with fine performances.
The movie itself is frequently tiresome, moving around in such turgid circles of despair and ennui.
A film that presents overwhelming evidence of Rex and Rose Mary as appalling human beings for 90 percent of the journey, and then asks us to give them a break? No sale.
It all adds up to a nuanced and emotional tale, anchored by equally fine performances by Larson and Anderson.
A film that never quite clicks tonally and doesn't do justice to its harrowing central story.
Woody Harrelson gives another huge, fearless performance, with maximum turbulence and precious little order. He's the main reason to see this uneven but forceful film.
The Glass Castle is nothing like Short Term 12, trading in nuance for glib storytelling while giving Larson little to do.
Good acting helps us overlook the story's obvious trajectory.
A deeply-felt adaptation of journalist Jeannette Walls's best-selling memoir about growing up with impoverished and irresponsible parents. An emotional high-wire act like this is tough for any movie to take on, the results are less than perfect.
Woody Harrelson is mesmerizing in The Glass Castle. but he's hardly the only reason to check it out.
Oscar winner Brie Larson stars in an artificial adaptation of journalist Jeanette Walls' devastating rough-childhood memoir. Instead of the book's cold, hard truths, the film peddles easy upllft. It's a damn shame.
Lumbering
The story is certainly interesting enough and the performances are all good. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
The memoir adaptation The Glass Castle boasts an exceptional cast, but the film unevenly handles its heaviest material, ending on a conclusion that feels falsely conciliatory.
The Glass Castle is a two-hour fight between a messy, sad, angry real-life family story and a Hollywood movie that keeps trying to soften all the edges and turn the tale into something "inspirational."
Admirably unsentimental but frustratingly uneven ...
It's not so much harrowing as it is repetitive, and the film gets stuck in a single gear it can't get itself out of.
Even if The Glass Castle isn't as sturdy as it should be, it's a strong effort that can survive a few cracks.
When you're lacking a magnetic star in the lead, and the screenplay is trying to decide whether it wants to be Dardenne or Disney, it's nothing but a structure meant to shatter.
Walls' story constantly meets the limitations of cinematic storytelling.
As in Destin Daniel Cretton's previous feature, Short Term 12, the oscillations between sociological horror and misty-eyed sentimentality call attention to how meticulously the film arranges its emotional punches.
What's wisest and most significant is that the film becomes more than the story of survival.
It's Larson's performance that gives the film both its touches of hopefulness and brushes with total frustration that binds all of the emotional threads.
The Glass Castle seems to be missing a sense of purpose.
The Glass Castle is a slapdash construction, all shards crudely fused together.
From the title down, it arrives prepackaged and closed to interpretation, which doesn't do justice to lives defined by instability and a legacy of abuse that spans at least three generations.
As soap operas go, it's a well-realized one, thanks to a strong cast.
Movie adaptations shouldn't require that you know their source material. But in the case of "The Glass Castle," it's impossible not to just say it: You're better off reading the book.
What should we think of the father in The Glass Castle? The film doesn't seem sure, and that is, perhaps, the right way to approach this material...
Harrelson ... thoroughly understands Rex from the inside, immersing himself in the role of this charismatic man in a way that allows us to see both how compelling and how dangerous a parent he was.
Jeannette, the central voice and consciousness in the book, is an oddly blurred character on screen. And the film itself loses focus as it drifts toward the conventions of the coming-of-age story and the family-dysfunction melodrama.
Instead of catharsis, Cretton stages a cop out, trying to leave the audience with a feeling of comfort when the reality of situation was more destructive than the feature is willing to reveal.
The Glass Castle unfortunately lives up to its see-through, illusory title.
The movie is, at times, very difficult to watch--such is the pain and audience discomfort at this tale of acute parental dysfunction and the unavoidable abuse suffered by their children.
Larson turns in an engaging performance as a woman uncertain about just who she wants to be. But Harrelson comes close to upstaging her, imbuing Rex with a bold and intriguing complexity.
An honest-but-flawed misfire of a movie ...
There are a few moments when "The Glass Castle" threatens to come to emotional life. But they pass.
While one might wish it possessed more of the grit of 'Short Term 12,' the film mostly works as a more traditional kind of family melodrama-Cretton by way of Douglas Sirk.
The movie may hit home for anyone who has ever wondered how much of our identity is shaped by nature, vs. nurture.
Though I longed for the same rawness, the emotional nearness of Short Term 12, there's something to be said for Cretton keeping the audience at a slight remove: The better to admire this polished, accomplished picture.
Even when the the music swells and people talk through their problems to reach unremarkable conclusions, there's an undercurrent of emotional authenticity.
A remarkable and moving story, anchored by an Oscar-worthy Harrelson.
Cretton works well in tightly focused emotional hothouses; handed a decade-spanning commercial saga, he falls back on predictable storytelling beats and easy ironies.
It's mature enough to grasp that family is complex, and the existence of abuse and neglect does not negate the existence of love.
The Glass Castle offers up a movie clan to beat in terms of complete dysfunction, though the brutal and heart-wrenching film is in its own way just as much of a mess.
There's an abundance of talent on display in 'The Glass Castle,' but the story of the Walls family never rises to the occasion and becomes greater than the sum of its parts.
"The Glass Castle" is finally brought to the screen with a marvelous cast and a script worthy of Walls' approval.
Destin Daniel Cretton reteams with his "Short Term 12" star...but it is young Ella Anderson who shines the brightest as Larson's earlier incarnation, the one whose idolization of her brilliant, alcoholic father curdles with repeated disappointment.
The movie is a powerful emotional roller coaster about how love can have a firm grip on even the most dysfunctional families.
...an unpleasant two hours ending with an image of family unity that may be hard to believe, even if true.
This is grim material, but well worth a movie. The problem is that this film seems reluctant to really confront it.
It wants you to know that all this more or less really did happen; it also can't help but attempt to tie an emotional bow around the messiness of real life, and to offer a heartwarming thesis about a childhood that was clearly full of contradictions.
Should be ordained as a national treasure, Woody Harrelson delivers one of his finest turns yet as Rex, the multi-layered and complex father.
Score one for extremely well-adjusted kids. At least in the movies.
You watch the movie, and you wonder: What was this life like, really? That's a sign of a movie not quite answering the question.
To watch "The Glass Castle" is to feel trapped inside Jeanette Walls' childhood.
Takes what could be a powerful tale of resilience and forgiveness and spins it into just another piece of Hollywood feel-good fluff.
Walls was able to couch her parents' selfish and neglectful behavior with an uncommon empathy, but Cretton hasn't the tools to do so.
The film is both a tribute to parenting and a confessional of its absence. Like the book, it looks back without pity or sentiment. Unlike the book, it's got Woody Harrelson and Brie Larson, acting spectacularly.
Walls' book tells her story crisply, without sentiment; Cretton's film, up to those final credits, does the interpreting for us, and the result is sometimes jarring.
It's the rare star-driven crowd pleaser smart enough to present more than one idea on-screen at a time, a paean to but also warning against cussedness that manages to exhibit some of its own.
The Glass Castle's story is packed with darkness, but the film mistakenly tries to uplift us at every turn, asking us to smile while we watch a family driven into the dirt.
Cretton builds up a good deal of dramatic credibility in The Glass Castle, only to have it undermined by generic and artificial epiphanies more suited to Lifetime Channel melodramas than this sincere approximation of realism.
...feels like an extreme form of denial.
One of the best memoir-to-movie efforts we've seen in a long while.
It's almost as if "Short Term 12" was a fluke - "The Glass Castle" has none of the dynamic vibrancy and revealing, emotional intelligence of Destin Daniel Cretton's winning sophomore effort.
Uneven, as the film is much better at depicting Walls's childhood than her adult life, but overall a solid piece of summer counter-programming.
An erratic but emotional adaptation of Jeannette Wallis' memoir.
Whatever its imbalances and flaws, the movie is sure to strike an emotional chord with the book's many fans as well as newcomers to the remarkable tale.
Instead of a triumphant tale about perseverance, we get a glossed-over love letter to the joys of quirky hippie-dippy parenting.
"The Glass Castle" is a family portrait that at its heart is a father-daughter movie, anchored by two outstanding actors.
It's based on a woman's complicated personal recollections of her traumatic childhood, and yet it feels like a cloying, one-note Hollywood tale, the beastly trauma all tied up with a pretty bow and de-fanged.
Cretton captures the incidents of Walls' childhood (too many of them, to be honest, as the film really ought to be half an hour shorter), but struggles to connect them to the grown woman Larson plays in the present.
A number of sequences in the story ... feel inevitable rather than organic.
Reflective and cumulatively poignant, Destin Cretton's The Glass Castle lays bare the utmost truth about families: You will eventually morph into your parents.
The Glass Castle isn't an easy watch but is easily one of the best films of the year.

@highlight

The Glass Castle has an affecting real-life story and a hard-working cast in its corner, but they aren't enough to outweigh a fundamentally misguided approach to the material.