Now more than ever we need films such as this: grave, measured, subtly comic and beautifully wrought, free of polemic and yet offering a new way of seeing that is as old as Arcady.
Zzzzz...
Sleep Furiously returns again and again to this idea of transition: seasons change, cows go out to pasture and come in for milking, piglets are born, lambs follow their mothers as dogs herd them. Farming traditions are dynamic.
"Sleep Furiously" is a lovely film, but maddeningly complacent.
A paean to a way of life that, regardless of Dylan Thomas' furious injunction, is going gently into that good night.
Beautifully shot but more than a little sterile.
Ultimately, the first impression given - of a place both familiar and strange - is the only impression offered. It's not enough.
A certain polite withholding, even if it masks some firm conviction or desire, seems to be a coin of the realm in Trefeurig, so it may well be apt that Koppel often films in a register very close to this one.
If you love Dylan Thomas (who doesn't?), then you will love this film.
Gideon Koppel's free-form portrait of a Welsh farming community may be the most subtly poetic piece of cine-anthropology to come down the pike in eons.
A lingering, mildly lyrical look at village life.
A paean to the dignity of ritualized traditions that aims for poetic calmness, but more often smoothes its subjects into deliberately emblematic somnambulism.
This film is best taken as a visual ode to an all-but-forgotten way of life.
Great claims have been made for it, which I cannot endorse, Koppel's stated intentions being infinitely more arresting than the completed film.
Sleep Furiously may be the most beautifully elemental documentary film to have emerged in Britain in over a decade and I can't applaud it loudly enough.
Even though it's sometimes picturesque and involving, it's also so achingly slow and indulgent that it will test even the most patient viewers.
This is as fully formed and unique a debut movie as you could ever hope to see.
Images of wistful sadness - lone figures with plodding dogs on rain-lashed hillsides - are interlaced with humour and moments of skin-prickling beauty that leave the audience undone.
The film has richness and an unshowy compassion, its grammar and pace adjusting to the tempo of the countryside.
Sleep furiously is a film whose lower-case title is in perfect keeping with the understated but tremulous mood it manages, with rare skill, to create and to maintain.
A poetic, profound and contemplative journey into a world of endings and beginnings.
More a mood piece than a typical documentary, it takes time to acclimatise to Gideon Koppel's quiet study of life in his mum's Welsh village, but once you're in there is much to enjoy.
It's unusually tender and eccentric, and Koppel's personal sadness at the passing of this way of life is palpable.
Koppel's film transcends the pedagogic to touch the celebratory, the holistic, the mystical.
The elegiac tenderness and pictorial beauty of Gideon Koppel's film becomes, by degrees, quite compelling.
An astonishing, gorgeously crafted and surprisingly absorbing film.
Delicate, dignified but also undeniably dull, Sleep Furiously captures perhaps all too well the slow rhythms of a disappearing idyll.

@highlight

This poetic and tender portrait of a Welsh village is a slow moving yet elegantly accomplished British documentary.