"Intermission" is a bloke-and-smoke spin on "Love, Actually." It's for women seeking a romantic comedy that doesn't reduce relationships to cutesy-poo homilies. By adding shootouts and car chases, it's slso for guys who are just not that into goo, either.
A direção bem-humorada e a montagem ágil exploram bem o ótimo roteiro e o elenco impecável.
A gritty Irish Love Actually. No, you heard right...
Dizzily paced and structured, the Irish import Intermission charms with a never-let-'em-see-you-sweat exuberance
The great thing about Intermission is that you barely have time to spot the gaps.
...the performances keep things moving, even through some of the more superfluous moments.
Una de esas que, al salir de la sala, te deja con la maravillosa sensación de haber disfrutado una buena película.
A well-acted and interesting dark comedy, but the convoluted writing becomes the big drawback.
Not real Irish, but the movie kind: the latest to stumble off the [John] Ford assembly-line.
It doesn't add up to much profundity and tries too hard to be amusingly quirky.
Such are the dangers of teaching foreign cultures to yelp like Reservoir Dogs.
Attentive viewers will be rewarded with several intriguing story lines, a host of fine performances and a darn good time at the movies.
Intermission may be more Love Actually-familiar than Robert Altman-intricate but is ultimately engaging on its own terms.
Enjoyable and surprisingly touching.
Intermission bursts with the energy of a documentary filmed on the run with a stolen camera.
It's a sign of a well-written movie when all of the individual episodes carry equal weight.
Crowley's group isn't much fun to spend time with, making viewers yearn for an intermission as his Dublin train wreck unfolds.
Promising stuff all around, and the plot threads intersect in consistently satisfying ways. But Crowley and writer Mark O'Rowe never know when to leave well enough alone.
Intermission is the first movie in ages to show us what Irish native Hollywood star Farrell is capable of.
A solidly acted ensemble piece that wants to emulate the edgy shock/comedy of Trainspotting and Snatch but never quite finds its groove.
...a rowdy, raw Irish comedy, which goes down like a slug of cheap whiskey.
A kicky hopefulness obscures any misery. Once everyone's done screaming F-bombs in each other's faces, they reach out again... it's Love Actually for drunken a-holes.
It's an amusing film, and a likable one, but its ensemble of characters almost universally fails to engage our emotions the way it ought to.
A feisty but forgettable film.
Opts for a back-breaking, soul-aching, and occasionally violent path to the heart.
An apt name for this inconsequential effort: You'll definitely want to take a break from watching it.
It's a little like watching Love Actually remade as a gritty crime drama -- an odd juxtaposition of styles, but one that crackles with kinetic energy.
The dialogue sparkles with wit and energy, and the plot constantly twists and turns in entertaining spirals.
A lot like love itself: sometimes messy, sometimes sweet, sometimes bittersweet, sometimes even painful.
One of those films that should keep you entirely entertained but that disappears from memory almost immediately.
Invigorating fun -- cheeky, saucy, a bit crass and just drunk enough on its own sense of playful invention.
Constantly changing -- from happy to sad, from familiar to bizarre -- and every second feels genuine, inevitable and revelatory.
Always rich in ambience.
A fast-moving, wonderfully rowdy, terrifically entertaining collage of stories...boasting some witty surprises on its way to a satisfying conclusion.
Crowley ... nimbly juggles all of these characters and gives his slight film a bouncy, knockabout quality.
It's a fine bit of writing and directing from Mark O'Rowe and John Crowley, who also gets good work from their cast.
Interesting mix of violence, humor, and touching little moments about love and the lengths people will go to get it.
A welcome reminder that the best, most fun entertainment encourages thinking, not the cessation of it.
Not spectacular, but not bad by any means, Intermission is just as its name suggests -- a nice little break.
Crowley's group isn't much fun to spend time with, making viewers yearn for an intermission as his Dublin train wreck unfolds.
Very, very funny, thanks to a lively first script by Mark O'Rowe, who has a good ear for earthy dialogue and a sense of life's absurd little synchronicities.
So full of pep you can't help surrendering to its creative energy.
The cast is strong enough to overcome the more frantic moments and lend some weight to the characters.
Often unsettling -- random acts of violence outnumber those of kindness. But it's also touching, startlingly original and even profound.
We have more than sufficient junky, cynical entertainment of our own, so why import this?
It's great fun watching Farrell back in his native habitat after his usual Hollywood pretty-boy turns.
A virtuoso act from beginning to end, juggling violence and farce, coincidence and luck, characters with good hearts and others evil to the core.
O'Rowe and Crowley emphasize the general hopelessness in these people's lives but still give the movie enough spice and drive to lift it above the gloom.
Intermission is a mixed bag, but is certainly a worthy effort for one's attention.
Wants to blend the dark comedy of Trainspotting with the pathos and color of the Barrytown Trilogy and misses completely.
There are some genuinely funny moments... There also are some genuinely horrifying ones. The problem is, they never really mesh.
If Intermission isn't profound, it's got boisterous humor and energy.
It generally succeeds as Ireland's answer to the delightfully depraved Scottish movies written by Irvine Welsh.
Shirley Henderson, Colin Farrell, Colm Meaney, my film star crush (as if she isn't everybody else's) Kelly Macdonald, and more, and they all look like they're having a ball.
God bless the Irish.
A quirky, Irish six-degrees-of-separation tale that chooses the roundabout route to happily ever after.
This is a likeable movie about nasty people.
Visceral thrills and mordant humor are on this film's agenda, and it serves up both in style.
Working off a very funny and intricately formulated screenplay by Mark O'Rowe, what Crowley gives us is an entertaining example of Irish-Alt cinema ('alt' standing for both 'alternative' and 'Altman').
First-time director John Crowley and novice screenwriter Mark O'Rowe -- both Irish theater veterans -- make impressive movie debuts as they sketch a huge gallery of colorful characters, beautifully portrayed by a top-drawer cast.
It's as if Crowley, a theater director, took Pulp Fiction as his guide without understanding its appeal.
The movie's machinations wear you out more than its jokes tickle your fancy.
A spiky comic treat.
The investment pays off -- with colorful stories and crisp wordplay (when you can understand it, of course).
Intermission is the equivalent of the rare and coveted royal flush. It is an acting royal flush. The storyline has been done...
A tedious and under-inspired comedy about a dozen all-too-ordinary Dubliners leading lives of not-so-quiet desperation that intersect with one another improbably.
Consistently unpredictable and sneakily charming.
Surprise hovers over this dry-roasted and altogether compelling Irish comedy-drama like a creature waiting to stun the cast of the movie into submission.
It's surprising that so much material, so many moods, and such an interesting cast end up making such a small, unmemorable splash.
Intermission is an edgy and feisty Irish drama set in Dublin where a lot of angry people vent their rage on others.
A mean-spirited movie with not just one character you don't like but a whole host of people you couldn't care less about.
A gritty tapestry embroidered with the light and dark chiaroscuro of wit and sorrow, Intermission is a jagged hymn to transience and the self-discovery it offers.
A failed experiment with more than a few gleaming insights.
A fairly saccharine collage of self-redemptive gestures and happy endings that, true to its title, only fitfully compels.
practically made for those "if you liked [that], check out [this]" shelves at the video store.
The first Irish creation I've seen in ages to pull off the high-difficulty feat of trafficking in grit, drollery, and emotion without turning to blarney as a crutch.
Like a loud and intermittently charismatic drunk at a dreary dive bar, Intermission grabs your attention, but in no time you're looking for the nearest exit.
'tis better to have lost and lost but best to have lost and then regained.
propelled by the actors' urgent performances and its running gags
Well-meaning and undeniably energetic, but also unsure of itself, fitfully sputtering and tonally jagged.
The results are fairly pleasing, owing to a few inspired plot surprises (keep your eye on the kid in the red jacket) and the winning personalities of the actors.
The film's violence, while realistic, is also gratuitous, and its characterization, more often than not, skimpy and trite.
This genuine sleeper is proof that a small budget doesn't matter when you've got a terrific script and a great acting ensemble to bring it to life.
... well-acted, ambitiously plotted directorial debut which will leave you with a big smile ...
"Intermission" is all done with an assured hand that combines action, violence, sex and humor in liberal doses with its talented ensemble cast and manic, inventive story.
John Crowley's fresh and inspired film can only be described as an ultra violent romantic comedy!
Armed with playwright O'Rowe's fresh dialogue, the characters are a treat to get to know, but the most intriguing thing about the film is the always inventive way in which their lives intersect.
An awfully impressive first-time effort.
This raucously funny and compellingly gritty ensemble piece comes complete with plenty of snap, crackle and Irish pop.
Thoroughly engaging multi-strand ensemble comedy that looks at the resilience required to get through everyday life.







@highlight

An edgy and energetic ensemble story.