An excellent Franco-Russian film choice, which will allow you to see beyond the surface of these nations. [Full review in Spanish]
The main problem with Polina, the movie, is its script that begins following a line and is reconverted along with its protagonist in another... [Full review in Spanish]
The film is interesting enough, especially if dance is your focus.
When the film avoids overwrought melodramatics, the dance numbers are in step and rise above its flat story.
This exquisite portrait of a dancer finding her way in the world is vibrant, captivating and engaging.
Polina [is] one of the most emotionally accurate coming-of-age films of recent years.
... Polina starts to idle-first the training montage, then Polina's suffering father making a surprise visit, to be shocked by Polina's new life as a downtown barmaid, for instance.
Polina is mesmerizing.
There is something about Polina that captures my imagination entirely, a poignantly fragile beauty to it that belies a sturdy heart and a will made out of iron.
Polina isn't the deepest drama but the dancing elevates a story that sometimes feels predictable. Credit Shevtsova with creating a character who's trying to use her training and develop her own style.
Would that they had had an editor who could have communicated that sometimes less is more as the film drags in too many places. But whenever there is dance, there is excitement and some of that credit belongs to the cinematographer, Georges Lechaptois.
Along comes "Polina" to show how a feature film can depict a dancer's - a human's - journey toward authenticity with sophistication, artistry and love for the art form ...
The most interesting sequence is Polina's descent into Antwerp's nightlife.
It's a terrific feature, but not for expected reasons, teasing cliché while achieving a deeper understanding of dancer headspace.
The deliberately paced film finds its footing in the abundant dance sequences that encapsulate the artistic spirit driving the inner conflict of its protagonist.
[Polina] is a fine example of visual storytelling.
[Polina] often seems on the verge of being interesting but repeatedly retreats into a formless vapidity.
It's a celebration of the camaraderie of young people who love and appreciate the art.
"Polina" captures the sheer joy of dancers performing --- not for an audience --- but for themselves.
Stubbornly uninvolving for long stretches, but it can also be stirringly cinematic.
As Polina, Shevstova delivers a performance that feels wonderfully unforced, if that's the right word, in a role that can only be called "driven."
It's revealing, painful, hopeful and graceful all at once.
In its quiet way Polina is a gender-reversed, fictional version of last year's Dancer.
As a movie about finding your feet-in holding on to your essential self and relocating your mislaid artistic integrity-Polina is ultimately en pointe.
The quest of a classical ballerina to express herself through modern dance.
Affecting, intense dance drama has beautiful choreography.
Clichés abound in this dance film about a leery ballerina, keeping it resolutely earthbound.
When Polina stays focused on dance, it soars. When it strays into the personal life of its lead, it moves almost compulsively into cliche.
Polina springs to vivid life as a winsome hip-hop ballet.
The creative process is always an elusive thing for filmmakers to capture, but amid all the startling visuals and the splendid acting, Polina rises, gloriously, to the challenge.
Even its sensitive and gorgeous choreographies can't fully offer respite from the hollow narrative.
With a compelling human interest story at the heart of its narrative, Polina hits familiar beats.
The film is intriguing on the surface, but the scenes have no interior hum, because they haven't been conceived psychologically.
If this film's directors, Valérie Müller and the French choreographer Angelin Preljocaj, don't offer much overt material on Polina's inner life, it's because they don't have to: the point of Polina, and this movie, is that her dancing is her being.
Polina is an adaptation of a graphic novel by Bastien Vives and it tells a reassuringly familiar story of a young girl who yearns to find success as a ballerina.
An exciting entry into dance cinema with feminist resonance as a woman studying ballet quits her job at the Bolshoi to take her chances with modern dance and ultimately rises to the status of choreographer.
Diverting, but not essential viewing.
A film that is too predictable in parts, never quite subverting expectations.
Shunning the crowd-pleasing, life-affirming tendencies of mainstream dance movies, Polina instead offers a lyrical and introspective look at the intricate process of finding one's true artistic calling.
An interesting story of identity in the reencounter of the protagonist with herself. [Full review in Spanish]
Saving things, somewhat, is the dancing. Even Binoche and Schneider get in on the action as the filmmakers flesh out their flawed story of a talented young woman in search of her own voice.

@highlight

Gorgeous cinematography captures dazzling choreography in an engaging portrait of a dancer's life, even if Polina can't quite twirl itself away from clichés.