Despite being "based on a true story," the script is a loaded deck that plays like a pack of lies. 21 just doesn't add up.
Craps out leaving you wondering how it all went so wrong.
Too bland, too bright and too long, 21 may talk a big game but it is mainly insipid entertainment.
Luketic's dunderheaded, would-be caper is a morality tale where the only moral at stake is the dullard-hero's thoughtless entitlement
It's a slick enough movie, with an intriguing enough concept. It would be a much more enjoyable movie, however, if the wheels didn't come off script-wise.
One can't help but think there was a smarter film to be made from this premise.
When the movie 21 was announced with Kevin Spacey and Laurence Fishburne, it sounded like a winner. When everybody else involved in 21 was mentioned, it was doomed to be a loser.
If only director Robert Luketic and screenwriters Peter Steinfeld and Allan Loeb had not opted for glitz. As filmmakers, they're playing for very low stakes.
As ever with gambling films, it's difficult to convey the thrill of winning at second hand; the human-interest complications are unconvincing and Spacey himself, I'm afraid, is a lugubrious and deadening presence.
Spacey makes a nicely chilly villain and Bosworth a warm and glamorous leading lady, if an implausible maths genius.
Disappointing thriller that's let down by a tedious script, a frankly ridiculous final act and some dodgy overacting by Kevin Spacey.
This is a prime example of a movie that isn't bad, per se, just unnecessary, a competently made but wholly unremarkable trifle.
See this for the sheer fascination of it.
Regardless whether there are a number of clichés and plot incongruities, this entertaining and fast-paced flick will find an audience hoping to learn how to beat the dealer.
Even though you can predict what happens, 21 is still fairly compelling for a movie about counting cards at a blackjack table.
It has some decent eye candy, but overall this film is bluffing if they think it's a great, intelligent blackjack film. I know I just used a poker term, but I doubt 21 would have noticed.
Everyone involved should have known when to fold 'em. The movie is about as interesting as counting cards.
Empty calories, yes, but tasty enough.
Treating card playing as an exciting spectator sport rather than, say, about as thrilling as watching fishing for two hours, this offbeat cautionary tale warns all those impulsive casino-bound eggheads out there, that losers come in all IQ's.
Much like in Vegas, whatever happened in the book and made it so marvelous stayed in the book.
It may take a rocket scientist to successfully count cards, but not to wite a smarter script than what 21 delivers.
After all the dramatizing to protect the innocent is done, the story has a nice, comfy Hollywood ending (complete with baked goods), but it's fun to ride the myth for a while, especially with such comely partners.
The film goes through the motions of a thriller, but few thrills result.
It didn't blow me away, but it was an entertaining way to spend 2 hours.
21 will deliver what the average Joe is looking for in spades. But just be ready for a schizophrenic cinematic experience that may leave you feeling like you just saw three separate movies.
The movie introduces a world and sells it extremely well. It does a good job of explaining the rules of the card-counting scam, and the actual blackjack scenes are quite exciting
A breezy, fast-moving romp that trades well on its appeal as a glitzy caper movie about high-end scam artists without losing sight of its simmering greed-is-not-so-good theme.
While this is eager-to-please Hollywood-by-numbers fare, 21 should provoke enough interest to make you pick up a copy of the book that the film cheats to get the real deal.
A cliché-ridden ride through the world of blackjack.
... the film is such a love letter to 'Risky Business,' it almost qualifies as a pseudo remake.
The vast majority of 21 is pure fun; I would've loved to give it an unqualified rave, so its flaws are especially annoying.
Unfortunately, "21" doesn't give away any of the secrets of counting cards that the average person could use to get revenge against the casinos.
It is the gilded embodiment of the American Dream.
For a film about gambling, you don't actually see enough of it to satisfy.
21 is a fast-paced tale that makes winning look not only easy, but a lot of fun.
(The book) raises a number of interesting arguments, most of which (the movie) ignores.
The only element in 21 that saves the film from being a dreary coming-of-age story grafted onto a two-hour commercial for the Las Vegas Visitors and Convention Bureau is Spacey.
This movie's script sticks so closely to formula that it could be a film school project.
O implaus?l terceiro ato praticamente arru? o que o filme vinha mostrando de interessante at?nt?
Too bad most of the performers can't seem to pull off the insane IQs they clearly do not have.
For a movie about high-stakes gambling, 21 settles for penny-ante dramatics.
Despite primal instincts and fast-moving montages, 21 is a tired, music video-style fable.
Given the true story that inspired it, 21 really should have been a sure-fire bet. As it is, it's a split hand that only pays off thanks to Fishburne and Spacey. Still beats Lucky You, though.
Sturgess quietly sparkles as the born loser who struggles to adapt to life on winners' row.
There is a message about life, money and happiness in here somewhere but it's undone by a contrived ending.
The whizzo-conceit and slick visual bling do give it an undeniably diverting buzz, yet the movie's cautionary formula shows its hand way before the clunky final reel.
The Ocean's Eleven: The College Years mood makes for a breezy good time, even if there is, like Vegas, precious little substance beneath the glitz.
This is a really stupid movie about such smart people... When they make references to Ferris Bueller and Swingers, it just feels desperate.
In real life gambling is exciting; on movie screens it generally is not.
For most of its length, 21 seems like a cautionary tale ... at least, until the whole point is negated by a tacked-on happy ending.
Fun and nothing else, but enough so that it's worth the while.
A film that makes Rounders seem like a work of great seriousness and import.
A lot of attractive people standing in for real-life nerds, and a plot that knows all the clichés and isn't afraid to use them.
It's a gamble whether or not "21" will provide enough excitement to make you shout, "Winner, winner, chicken dinner."
Across the Universe star Jim Sturgess reaffirms himself as a sympathetic, highly likable screen presence.
... it seems they used Film Adaptations for Dummies and thus missed an opportunity to make a great movie with style and atmosphere.
A light-weight teen romantic comedy [dressed up as a gambling movie and] filled with nothing but one-dimensional characters.
Like the Strip itself, it's all lights and music throbbing so hard you confuse yourself into thinking you're having fun.
The students are so blandly written this never builds any suspense, though it probably has some value as an empowerment fantasy for debt-ridden collegians.
Although it's definitely a fictionalization of a true story, they get the essence of this insanely crazy double life that these kids led as they were breaking the bank in Vegas.
The glossiness of director Robert Luketic's staging offers reassurance even when events turn grim, as if Luketic was unable to shake the good-time vibe of his previous films...
Some folks are calling 21 racist because Sturgess was cast as Ben Campbell, the main character, instead of someone - anyone - Asian. This is a fair battle to pick, but ...
Harold & Kumar Go to Las Vegas would be lots more fun as well as more sociologically astute.
What starts out as a cerebral exercise surrenders to glitzy, formulaic poppycock, with a climatic chase scene that's about as exciting as watching me in a foot race with Carl Lewis.
starts out strong, with an attractive cast and an intriguing premise, but ultimately looses its way due to silly subplots and a muddled ending.
21 comes down to sense and not cents. Ben gets greedy, overlooks his principles and forgets his goal. But then again, he does dazzle!
Another average film that could have had so much more to offer if the screenplay followed more closely to the actual events.
Here's the deal: this is sheer escapist entertainment - and, as such, it's a good gamble.
The Hollywoodization of a true story changes what could have been gripping drama into derivative mundanity with too many plot holes to count.
While this isn't my idea of a movie that's really based on a true story, "21" still deals out an entertaining thriller.
I probably should have given it a lower grade, but I really, really like watching Laurence Fishburne hurt people.
One of those movies where the audience is always about 20 minutes ahead of the characters, chock-full of dopey inventions from a Screenwriting 101 manual.
A slick, soulless nightmare of a film with the moral center of a porno flick and a central character so shallow, loathsome and uninteresting that you keep hoping that the guys from "Funny Games" will show up and give him exactly what he deserves.
A disappointment for moviegoers who prefer their escapist entertainment to be less, well, utterly inert.
21 is not the deepest or most emotionally resonant of the casino films, and it doesn't completely get the psychology of gambling, but it's a lot of fun nonetheless.
It tries to be as slick and as cool as an MTV music video, but it completely busts.
21 blows the endgame when a jarring shift to a con-game finale turns an intriguing drama into just another popcorn movie - the movie equivalent of saying 'hit me' when you've got a 17 showing.
...a run-of-the-mill, if still satisfying, drama.
Inspired by the real-life story of the M.I.T. students who took Las Vegas casinos for millions, 21 has been reshaped to fit a simple movie template -- and it's nearly as much fun as watching an insurance professional compute actuarial tables.
If the experience of the real-life MIT students who beat Las Vegas was as dreary as 21, what happened in Vegas should have stayed in Vegas.
A movie with an irresistible premise that ultimately collapses around the whole issue of motivation.
Similar to the caper he's shooting, Legally Blonde director Robert Luketic's plan doesn't exactly go off without a hitch.
Real-life rags-to-riches Vegas scheme makes for glossy if lightweight fun.
Repetitive, implausible and overlong.
The end result is still utterly predictable, thoroughly disposable and less true than truthy.
When Spacey and Fishburne really go at each other, 21 finally starts to add up to something.
The movie is oddly structured, taking too long to set up a premise that anyone who has seen an ad for 21 already knows and that I just managed to encapsulate in one sentence.
21 doesn't quite hit the jackpot, but with popcorn it should satisfy.
[21] devoted to the idea that beating Vegas is man's highest purpose.
A none-too-winning blend of the unsettling and the unsurprising.
There's a gap between what we're told about its characters and what we can see for ourselves, a gap that gets larger and more frustrating as the film goes on.
Before sinking into a predictable morality tale, 21 coasts on the superficial thrill of watching casinos take a few hits, but gamblers looking for a how-to lesson on winning in Vegas will be putting their pencils down pretty quickly.
This is really Spacey's picture, from the moment he fixes his gaze on Sturgess to the day when he finally, brutally cuts him loose. It's a fun performance, but a quiet one.
The fascinating story of six college students who took Las Vegas for millions gets dealt a bad hand in 21, which turns their true-life saga into a slick, shallow and thoroughly generic caper flick.
There's enough action here to keep you awake, but don't expect to walk away a winner.
...a picture that's pleasurable to give in to and go along with.
21 is penny-ante entertainment.
Like a gambler who won't cash in while he's ahead, 21 just keeps playing, hoping another winning hand will turn up even though its luck's run out.
[It's] not unlike feeding one nickel after another into a slot machine in search of a modest payoff.
When the makers of the blackjack drama 21 stepped up to the table to place their bets, they opted to play it safe.
It's glitzy. It's suspenseful. It's a wallow in get-rich-quick ambition. Of course, it's also largely uninhabited. But at least the empty vessels are attractive.
What happened in Vegas should have stayed in Vegas.
Add it up and, in the game that pits your entertainment dollar against entertainment value, know this: The house wins again.
As an adaptation, it's a disappointment. As Hollywood fare, it's a bust.
It's disposable, watchable and forgettable filmmaking for would-be easy millionaires.
The film is about a group of MIT students who used a very smart card-counting system to milk the casinos. But the movie blows off the deeper thrills of its source material to make a tidier, less compelling amorality play.
While you may stick with the film -- it's a slick time-waster -- you never believe it.
By the time the end credits roll around, you realize nothing's actually been risked. It's the gambling equivalent of Go Fish.
Part of "21's" problem as it ups its stakes is that it's about as dangerous and sexy as a $1-minimum keno game. But it's still a mildly tantalizing timewaster about wish fulfillment told with casual confidence before a dragging finale.
21 should have followed Sin City's cardinal rule: What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
21 is based on a true story. So why does so little of this blackjack drama ring true?
Even gambling novices won't be counting the minutes as this fast-paced, slickly entertaining tale of technically legal collegiate misadventures unspools.
Before you know it, your pockets are empty, your head hurts, and you're really tired of the bright lights and the incessant beeping of the slot machines.
As Ben must learn a lesson, the movie must demonize Micky, whose slick meanness becomes increasingly visible.
[A]lmost entirely preposterous -- never mind that it's apparently based on a true story -- and yet somehow wonderfully entertaining at the same time...
If only it all held together better and didn't feel so obvious and cliché.
...an oddly unsatisfying shaggy dog story.
has a flashy, exciting vibe early on to make the audience feel like they are in the middle of that blackjack table and casino (I almost went All In with my popcorn and peanut M&M's)
You have a director so inept that he doesn't even understand what genre he's working within and he's helped destroy potentially one of the most riveting and important social statements about Las Vegas the movies could have seen.
a genial, generic effort attached to an intrinsically interesting premise.
...the film quickly devolves into an interminable mess of hoary cliches and stale conventions (a trying-on-clothes montage? Really?)
Much like Las Vegas itself, it's only fun in fits, and the next morning you might find yourself regretting spending time with something comprised entirely of surface delights.
None of the main stars is remotely convincing as a smart person.
21 makes for some slick escapist fantasy. Even if, and because, the fantasy has its roots in something real.
Like a seriously troubled gambling addict, 21 shows its hand too early and then stays at the table too long for its own good.
Director Robert Luketic has aimed for a "Casino" 90210 style that works until its third act revenge story takes it beyond the realms of belief.
It's the old Hollywood game of payback in place of amends, which makes for short-term satisfaction but a hollow payoff.
21 is a mini-Ocean's Eleven about, and for, people who are the age of its title.
Greed is good and comes without a hint of conscience in 21, a feature-length bore about some smarty-pants who take Vegas for a ride.
A pulse-poundingly high-spirited and extremely well-directed drama. If 21 is only one thing, it's intoxicating.
It's a would-be parable about greed that emptily celebrates it, a drama about gifted people who are one-dimensional voids and, most laughable of all, a story about the giddiness of risk-taking that safely plays everything by the numbers.
Breezy Vegas con film fun, with some iffy stuff.
"We're not gambling... we're counting," says Kevin Spacey in the new Las Vegas tale 21, which is a very appropriate way to sum up the film itself.
For high-stakes drama, stick with The Price is Right.
Just like blackjack, when they are winning the film is a blast, when they are losing the film gets tedious and trying.
Lack of originality is where 21 really deals a losing hand.
Under Luketic's flaccid direction, 21 is another two-faced moralistic entertainment that shows us how much fun it is to live large, then punishes its characters for acting out our fantasies.
You'll have fun at 21 but will walk out of the theater a little bit lighter in the pocket, wondering where the time went.
21 shares with the Las Vegas mythos the same stale temptations: empty glitz and little substance.
It's funny how movies based on real stories can be the most formulaic and predictable.
A glib, flashy reworking of a story that, shorn of the cheap formulaic frills that have been added to it in the name of merchandising, might have been fascinating.
[Director] Luketic and his screenwriters preserve the excitement and a fair amount of the blackjack strategy -- yet somehow the whole exercise plays like a high-tech John Hughes movie.
Take it from this loss prevention specialist: don't play 21. [Blu-Ray]
The actual process of card counting may fly right over our heads, but the film's smart enough and engaging enough that the math behind it all doesn't much matter.
While I'm firm believer in the adage 'Never let the truth get in the way of a good story,' 21 doesn't spin a good enough yarn to justify all the changes.
Manages to make the act of counting cards seem as exciting as this past winter's Super Bowl -- and as perilous as climbing Mount Everest with both eyes closed.
Jim Sturgess turns up the heat as an untapped genius who takes a walk on the wild side.
21 is built around some standard-issue plot mechanics, but it's still a clever and novel card-sharp thriller.
Numerous inane plot twists and a convenient villain whose behavior defies logic or meaning.
The new blackjack dramedy 21 stands when it should hit, never doubles down and wimps out to the point that it turns a pretty compelling tale into a bust.
Buoyed by the charming Jim Sturgess, and abetted by Messrs. Spacey and Fishburne, 21's sins are certainly forgivable. The cast seems to be having real fun and there's no reason, despite a few lags and holes, that the audience shouldn't either
A movie that wastes a lot of time and money and really, really shoulda stayed in Vegas.
Entertaining fun [but] flawed in its overuse of Hollywood cliches and trickery that makes it predictable and less believable.
The deck may not be the only cardboard character, but this re-telling of an actual event efficiently combines intellect with melodrama.
"21" relies too heavily on music video montages to connect its cardboard characters.
Loose moral messages and flaws in the plot don't add up to screenwriting and directing that draw an ace, but beating the house with intellect will always be a winning hand.
Loosely adapted from Ben Mezrich's best-selling Bringing Down the House, the movie stretches facts like taffy but never shirks its responsibility to entertain.
Because 21 subscribes to the allure of Vegas and not how it is infiltrated with logic and quantification, its details are subordinated in service to familiar cinematic protocol.
Glitzy on the surface, Luketic's fact-inspired fantasy-adventure is yet another Faustian morality tale, but as scripted it defies narrative logic and has too many implausible twists and turns and at least three endings.
shrewdly shuffles together attractive young leads, cagey screen vets and a fantasy-fulfillment scenario in a slickly polished package
In its desperation to deliver an action-packed suspense set piece of an ending, 21 asks the audience to suspend all disbelief, and basically begs to be laughed at.
Luketic's direction and his solid cast keep 21 fun and engaging.






@highlight

21 could have been a fascinating study had it not supplanted the true story on which it is based with mundane melodrama.