The pure terror of rural mundaneness and geographical remoteness turning savage and deadly is ultimately the most stirring and chilling notion presented by Snowtown.
I did not know this film was based on a true story until the closing credits, which makes this story so much more terrifying. Director Justin Kurzel crafted a raw feel that will leave you slack-jawed.
Unflinchingly nasty, graphic and gut-wrenchingly powerful, Snowtown is a film that dares you to look away, but compels you to keep watching. As portraits of serial killers go, this deserves to be hung on the wall next to Henry.
The grimy social realism and gurgling torture scenes place director Justin Kurzel's startling debut midway between Animal Kingdom and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.
Your appreciation of this Australian horror movie will depend on whether you think its artistry justifies its unrelenting ugliness.
The film is a chilling study of an evil, dominant personality and his victims.
It has no particular observations about the mind of psychopaths that is worth the incredibly nasty feeling you get from sitting through its incredibly grim two hours.
Is it the Aussie Gummo, or a true-crime drama that takes itself way too seriously? Can it be both simultaneously?
Observing the character's regular and repeated acts of cruelty becomes numbing after awhile.
Although it builds quiet, thick suspense and lacks the bravado and sensationalism of most films of the genre, that doesn't always work to its advantage.
Overlong and grim to the point where some scenes are virtually unwatchable...
An impressive but exceptionally disturbing feature debut from Australian director Justin Kurzel that pushes the new wave of Aussie crime films up a notch.
This distressing infiltration of a family of young boys by a charismatic psychopath rewards with a stylistic talent that feels entirely new.
the ghastly glee of The Snowtown Murders comes not in the kills, but in the stalking of one's true prey.
Though many will be put off by the elliptical style of this clammy, feral drama about Australia's most infamous serial killer, Daniel Henshall's jaw-droppingly malevolent performance will reward all those who seek it out.
The Snowtown Murders builds into a multipronged horror effort in which the torture and murder on-screen are matched by the psychologically convincing disintegration of a previously sympathetic protagonist.
What is it with first-time Australian filmmakers and ultraviolent true-crime movies about thuggish underclass families?
A movie that heaps so much dank atmosphere on its suburbanites, you can't help but sigh with relief when events turn to serial killing (finally?).
A dull thriller of ultra-bleak withholding.
In spite of the inherently interesting subject matter and psychological dynamics explored, there is little in the way of suspense. I was intermittently bored throughout.
Whatever one ends up thinking about The Snowtown Murders, it's difficult to deny that it's a deeply impressive work.
A cast of mostly local, mostly first-time film actors is chillingly convincing.
The result is a movie that can be admired in many respects from a distance but is progressively less emotionally engaging.
[U]niquely distressing... This is a hard movie to endure. It is hugely emotionally suspenseful, and all of the suspense is of the dreadful kind...
Layer in the realisation that what you are seeing actually happened and the result takes you beyond disturbing into that place where your skin starts to creep and your brain crawls into the foetal position.
It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking.
It's the escalating sense of claustrophobia and dread that really crawls under the skin: with grimy visuals and a pulsating soundtrack proving particularly powerful in the by and large sensitively handled killing scenes.
Snowtown offers a bleak, brutal exploration of the way morality can be skewed and innocence corrupted by neglect, hardship ... and the presence of a charismatic psychopath.
It's a truly shocking experience that ends suddenly, just when we're expecting a final atrocity and some climactic revelation, and we're left to ponder the events.
A true story told with rare skill by a new director from whom a great deal more will be heard.
However disquieting the film (based on the story of Australia's worst serial killer, John Bunting), it's also - inconveniently - awfully boring.
As for the crimes themselves, most take place off screen and between scenes - a terrifyingly protracted murder excepted. Yet even when the violence isn't shown, a mood of clammy dread and horror pervades the film.
It's slow but atmospheric and memorable.
Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own.
It's one of the most disturbing movies of our moment, not just for the true-crime subject, but because Kurzel's searing technique and expertise with actors get so far under your skin.
Thought provoking, but leeringly nasty and deeply unsettling. This is one that will linger with you for days.
This oppressive account is one of the most effective and uncompromising horrors of human essence of recent years - a powerful testament to the talents of all involved.
It reminded me, oddly, of Richard Fleischer's sordid history of John Christie in 10 Rillington Place - here is the killer; here is his shabby habitat, and here are his crimes.
Powerfully directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely disturbing, emotionally draining serial killer drama with a stunning central performance from Daniel Henshall.
Authentically, viscerally convincing in its performances and milieu, Snowtown throbs with tension and a deep sense of wrongness from its first reel onwards.
Snowtown brings cold comfort.
'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint...
Grimly credible, and with more than a few flashes of brilliance, this is a highly impressive, upsetting debut. Just be warned - its chief currency is cold, numbing horror.
Its grimly realistic style may be off-putting to some viewers, but this is a convincing and effective portrayal of a serial killer.
Terrific performances, especially from the menacing, lazily charismatic Henshall, and debut director Kurzel's expressionist storytelling make for an Aussie film well worth hunting down.
It's a world where few deserve trust and fewer still make good on it.
This grim Aussie thriller derives unnerving power from the unspoken truths during tense silences, ominously closing doors that seal fates, and the disturbing banality of evil.
It's incredibly well-made and memorable, although not for everyone.
It's almost impossible to describe how distressing, intense and finely crafted this undeniably controversial drama is. Proceed with caution.
Snowtown is an absolutely mesmerising, uncompromising crime-movie masterpiece. Understated in style, chilling in effect, devastating in impact...one of the most unnerving serial killer films ever made.
Definitely, and defiantly, Australia's Next Great Film, and the scariest it has ever produced.
Snowtown is not a film about the why of evil, but the how of it. It's an extremely well-made, shattering film.
A gut-wrenching authenticity and damaged grace that cannot be denied.
Snowtown is an extreme exercise in Australian miserablism designed to demonstrate how toxic ideas spread like a plague in vulnerable communities to manifest in the most horrific way possible.
Few films can rightfully claim to offer its audience the opportunity to spend a couple hours in the bowels of hell, but Justin Kurzel might as well print up t-shirts saying as much to promote his feature film debut, Snowtown.
A well-made but hard-to-watch portrait of Australia's worst serial killer.
It's technically proficient, and succeeds in creating a perverse atmosphere, but it doesn't create a world that you'll want to inhabit for very long.
An incredible piece of cinema and a devastating, poetic work of storytelling, Snowtown is unmissable.
Uncompromising and distressing, Snowtown delves into the grizzly events of Australia's worst serial murders, while exploring the slippery slope of vigilante justice within a community left to the wolves.
Sitting through Snowtown is a kind of torture in itself. This isn't really a movie you enjoy watching; it's a movie you subject yourself to and must endure.
Justin Kurzel's debut feature is an attempt to explore, maybe even understand, the circumstances and key characters - although there is no understanding John Bunting or any other serial killer.
The claustrophobic mood with its sense of dread begins from the opening scenes of this gritty, graphic drama, and never lets up
This is one of the most unsettling films that I've seen in a long time.
A mildly intriguing, yet ultimately detached and pitiless portrait of psychopathy.
The entire large cast -- many of them local first-timers -- are superbly believable.
Snowtown mines similar territory to Rowan Woods' seminal The Boys, in its exploration of very bad deeds born of pressure cooker family dysfunction and machismo.

@highlight

It's a bleak and brutal endurance test, but for viewers with the strength and patience to make it to the end, Snowtown will prove an uncommonly powerful viewing experience.