Supercop is filled with wide shots and long takes making it clear that Chan and Khan really are out there on the edge performing those bone- crunching stunts.
This is riotous fun throughout.
A movie that shows Chan in top form.
If you're tired of burned-out coppers in Hollywood's blockbusters, try this offbeat hero from Hong Kong.
To watch Jackie Chan, Hong Kong's king of kung fu comedy, in the fresh and exhilarating Super Cop is like watching Douglas Fairbanks Sr. or one of the silent era clowns in one of their biggest hits.
Sly and Schwartzy, eat your hearts out. Chan's the man.
By its second half, Supercop cranks up into such an extravaganza of fighting, blowing things up, spin-kicking, punch throwing and death-defying that it all but takes your breath out of your lungs and packs it up for shipment to Hong Kong.
The most powerful starring role for a woman this summer? My vote goes to Michelle Khan in this garish, frenetic, and funny chopper from Rumble in the Bronx director Stanley Tong.
All this is executed with a good deal of panache, if not originality, by stunt coordinator Stanley Tong.
The final half-hour makes it all worthwhile, and what makes Chan's work continually astonishing is that the actor does all his own stunts.
It's not my favorite Jackie Chan film, but it's still a good one.
It's a blast to watch the action sequences, which offer more than just hand-to-hand martial arts.
Supercop isn't art, but it sure is great junk food.
Chan's daredevil persona creates a fun but never graphically violent action movie. [published 7-26-96]
Don't go into this film expecting a lot of deep meaning or heavy emotions, but if you like action films you will be entertained.
One of Chan's best. The fantastic Michelle Khan upstages him beautifully.
Few will argue that this is one of Chan's best films; I say it's the best.
Supercop is punctuated with action sequences not even the Bond films can touch.
The plot is nothing more than an excuse for the series of spectacular action sequences in which Chan shows both his physical skills and great sense of humour.
With martial arts superstar Jackie Chan, older may be better.
A muddy script structure and some very weak attempts at comedy hamper the flow of the film...
Chan is joined in this outing by a female co-star, Michelle Khan, who seems every bit his equal when it comes to martial-arts prowess and foolhardy daredeviltry. Taken together, they're like watching two 007's, one 0014 or, as they say now, whatever.
Capable female action stars are a non-entity in Hollywood, but Khan packs a wallop both literally and in her screen presence.
Supercop is a better movie than Rumble in the Bronx, in large part because it's funnier.
Supercop's biggest flaw is what its producers probably saw as its greatest strength: it's very American.
An astonishingly fluid and funny movie that makes most American action pictures seem lethargic.
Jackie Chan makes his second leap at the American movie audience, following up Rumble in the Bronx with a far sharper mix of stunts, martial arts and Chan's own brand of breathtaking slapstick comedy.
Chan is fun to watch, no matter what silliness one has to put up with.
A super-charged, bang-up action flick the likes of which most Americans still have never seen.
Asia's biggest action star understands his genre in a way that Sly and Arnold can only dream about.
Raucous, hilarious, and choreographed with breathtaking daring and subtlety, Supercop kicks ass with charm and wit.
Super thrills, super spills, super laughs and super stunts.
If its action you crave, Supercop has it.
[Chan and Yeoh's] spirited verbal sparring packs as strong a kick as their martial arts moves.
A wild and free-wheeling action film, vastly superior to this year's Rumble in the Bronx in both plot and action.
As surrealistic as it might seem, the most enjoyable action film currently playing in American theatres is a four-year-old, atrociously dubbed, modestly budgeted (by our budget-breaking standards anyway) Hong Kong import starring a nearly all-Asian cast.
Hong Kong's Jackie Chan is now and forevermore the indisputable king of the high-blown, over-the-top actioneers.
Rumble in the Bronx finally turned Jackie Chan, China's biggest matinee idol, into a U.S. action-adventure star. And Supercop may turn one of his martial-arts prodigies, Michelle Khan, into one as well.
It's kind of silly, but how many movies boast a leading man who isn't afraid to order 'roast cat and string beans' at a Chinese restaurant?
Special kudos for Ms. Khan, who plays, without a doubt, the strongest female character I've ever seen in film.
Supercop is at its most banal when it apes the Western action style and at its best when Jackie is interacting with the scenery and props around him.
Supercop is a chance to get a full-strength blast of Chan.
Audiences have come to expect Chan to do all of his own stunts. That's a major selling point in both Rumble and now Supercop, adding an element of danger missing from domestic action pictures
Supercop while a little slow out of the gate, is even more furious fun than Rumble.





@highlight

Blending hand-to-hand combat with breathtaking stunts and slapstick comedy, Supercop reminds us why Jackie Chan is one of the world's great entertainers.