A brilliant Colin Firth leading a sensational cast with Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter. [Full review in Spanish]
It never ceases to amaze me how cinema can be able to transform a small anecdote into a heroic epic. [Full review in Spanish]
... it explores the backroom of power, its anxieties and chiaroscuros, the artifice of representation... [Full review in Spanish]
... [director Tom Hooper] had the ability to masterfully orchestrate the different elements of the film, especially the multi-star cast... [Full review in Spanish]
A good, well-made historical biopic that stands out for a luxury cast that does not have a single flaw - notwithstanding the excessive overacting of Timothy Spall in the role of Churchill. [Full review in Spanish]
Of course, the film has its sentimental touches... but the film goes further... it's a fable about friendship, or rather, about loneliness that can be felt by even the most important person in an Empire. [Full review in Spanish]
The spectator never doubts the fear of this prince, the genius and good heart of his master or the courage of the man who will become king. [Full review in Spanish]
In any case, the film is fun and emotional without falling into the farce or melodrama, while refusing to exaggerate the facts or invent miraculous cures. [Full review in Spanish]
David Seidler, who wrote the screenplay, clearly did his homework, and the script is rich with dialogue uttered by the royal prototypes. Though he takes artistic license with certain facts, most such liberties are acceptable.
Bonham Carter is a joy as the tender yet sardonic Elizabeth, and the Oscar-bound Firth is both heart-rending and remarkably funny in his best ever role. It's all done so expertly.
Overall, this film is a great piece of British cinema that boasts an exciting group of British talents in Firth, Rush and Carter.
Tom Hooper's film is a handsomely made, well-acted story that, for the most part, wins hearts by transforming a potentially mega-watt historical story into a low-key dramedy and mismatched buddy movie.
The film is not even interesting as a work of art.
Solid, harmonious. But maybe it could have used a little more nerve, risk. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Colin Firth's] performance is superb... [Full review in Spanish]
Actor Colin Firth is simply mesmerizing, as is the rest of the talented cast who bring to life this fascinating footnote in British history.
It's a handsomely mounted, finely acted and, above all, intelligent drama that puts flesh on the bones of historical figures.
It's the kind of role that's tailor-made for Colin Firth.
Simple, moving and incredibly enjoyable.
It is a film that knows its limits -- and then transcends them almost casually, but with resonant and powerful effect.
It's an uplifting audience pleaser that also showcases film-making arts and crafts at an exalted level.
Watching Firth agonisingly stammer his way through the closing speech at the Empire Exhibition at Wembley Stadium in 1925 is a masterclass in acting.
All in all, The King's Speech is perfectly pleasant and completely unremarkable. As far as end-of-the-year Oscar bait goes, you could do a lot worse.
A thoroughly satisfying drama about how history casts the most unlikely actors for its plum parts.
The King's Speech is a joy, and I adore it.
Exceptional performances? To be sure. Exceptional movie? Not quite.
A superior historical drama and a sincerely inspiring movie experience.
It's beautifully shot, wonderfully acted and built around a moment of suspense Hitchcock would have been proud of.
Geoffrey Rush and Colin Firth [give] two greedily captivating but seemingly effortlessly rendered performances that fill out screenwriter David Seidler's characterisations with the charisma and commanding presence of two actors at the top of their game.
Firth masterfully conveys the ego of royalty undercut so sharply by the humility of Albert's predicament.
The King's Speech is the kind of history lesson you wish you had gotten in school, an inspiring private story behind a public person that layers high-minded ideals and occasionally lowbrow humor.
The film is richly rooted, with splendid trappings, including pea-soup fogs. For all the pomp and protocol, it's an intimate story about a scared man who must find his voice if he is to rise, in regal stature, above his epaulets.
This year's likable Brit period piece that will most likely win over both awards voters and older audiences looking for something to see that's not in 3-D.
This is prestige-moviemaking at a high level.
Rush is enormously entertaining as the free-spirited Lionel (at one point he plunks himself down on the throne, rendering the king horror-struck). He also makes his character's sadder shades felt.
The surprise may be that for all the attention on Firth -- who's certainly good -- Rush actually proves more impressive.
Here's how you know Colin Firth's performance in this movie is among the year's very finest: He plays a figure born into almost unimaginable wealth, privilege and power and succeeds at making you feel sorry for him.
Tom Hooper's movie, from 73-year-old David Seidler's script, is more than the sum of its words, preserving two ham-on-wry performances in a pig-headed reversal of Pygmalion.
Movies love odd couples, and The King's Speech offers up a regal one in the voiceless monarch and his insistent teacher and confidant, Lionel, who wins a place in the abject Bertie's heart that few in his family are seen to have done.
The handsomely made and deeply moving King's Speech is one of 2010's best and most heartwarming films, and it should clean up mightily come awards season.
Everyone loves the story of an underdog, and everyone will love The King's Speech, a rare movie for grown-ups.
Call it a glossy inspirational inversion of Pygmalion, or a sports flick for those who prefer royals to athletes, but there's no denying the universal appeal of director Tom Hooper's tastefully wrapped package.
Surprisingly funny.
The King's Speech features a fantastic, awards courting performance by Firth and is also brilliantly written, resulting in a surprisingly tense and very entertaining watch.
Hooper...has become something of a specialist in exhuming British history from the mothballs of Masterpiece Theatre.
An inspiring story about one man's quest to overcome a speech impediment to lead his nation.
Tom Hooper delves beneath the pomp and circumstance to root out the essence of his characters, while also making them immensely relatable.
It is a wonderful entertainment, a fascinating history lesson and a showcase for several delightful performances.
The handsome, trophy-attracting film is more playful than profound, but it does contain quietly measured insights into class, comportment, and one seriously screwed-up family.
A polite, occasionally rousing, and more often than not, boring affair.
A charming, personal period drama.
See it, then say it for yourself: The King's Speech is the best movie of 2010.
The King's Speech is an entertainingly crafted movie that doesn't linger too long in the mind.
It's a fine, absorbing work, built with brilliance and without excessive showiness or flash. It feels, in fact, like a classic virtually upon its arrival.
The relationship between a commoner teacher and regal student provides for enough drama, and the obstacle overcome is both inspiring and unique.
A powerful back story does not necessarily improve a movie, but The King's Speech has a pretty irresistible one. It might even end with a dramatic night at the Oscars in February.
In The King's Speech, Colin Firth once again reminds us of what a great actor he is.
Classic, rousing entertainment loaded with both humor and poignancy.
Polished, thoughtful and touching.
The King's Speech is the rare work of art that's also an immense crowdpleaser.
Too ingratiating to resonate deeply.
Inspiring, funny, touching, and delivered with craftsmanship and artistry.
It's refreshing to see a historical drama avoid grand gestures and sweeping melodrama in favor of smaller more intimate stories.
The King's Speech is admirably free of easy answers and simple, happy endings; it's a skewed, awards-ready version of history, but one polished to a fine, satisfying shine.
A feel-good movie with a hearty dose of history and a hint of edge, a most-deserving Oscar winner
Despite the obvious movie structure that gets forced onto historical events, The King's Speech is a terrific film with great performances and an inspiring story.
It's not quite the world-beating effort the British film press might have you thinking it is, but it's a perfectly functional, frequently enjoyable biopic that knows the right buttons to push and has all the right people pushing them.
It's a wonderfully delightful film filled with great performances, particularly from Firth and Rush. This is one of the best films of the year and should not be missed.
Every quality amounts to a big so what? for me.
( ... ) a British film where the swearing isn't a bolted-on means of trying to appeal to the cloth-eared.
The story is consistently fascinating (though it certainly plays rather fast and loose with historical facts) whilst Hooper manages to wring dramatic tension out of some of the most seemingly mundane incidents.y.
Firth is simply magnificent ...
The King's Speech is simultaneously cozy and majestic.
A humorous look at an oft-ignored section of British history.
This is a film worth talking about.
It is a rare movie indeed that successfully uses empathy rather than sympathy. We feel what the character feels, instead of feeling for them.
This movie took me by surprise -- I had no idea that it that would be the most satisfying, affecting buddy movie of the recent past.
A British production featuring meticulous period detail, outstanding performances from Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush, and Helena Bonham Carter, and inventive staging and visuals
Movies like this allow you to fall in love with a historical family you probably wouldn't want to be friends with otherwise.
Why did Edward abdicate again? What am I, a history professor?
Can't be defined by its 'R' rating or by the 'period piece' label. It may be about a king, but it speaks to the royalty in all of us.
The threat of world war looms outside the door, but the movie is really about one man, at war with himself, and the people close to him who helped him find peace.
Witty script, quirky performances, flawless casting and wonderfully inventive cinematography. Golf claps all round.
If it might typically be hard to feel too terribly sorry for one of the most privileged human beings ever to walk the planet... Firth more than makes up for that with what is one of the great performances not just of this year but in cinema history.
The tone shifts, lamentably, from one buoyed by awkward comedy and very British charm to one that is more concerned with decorum and duty. What was a remarkably entertaining costume drama soon becomes a remarkable slog.
Like similar films with populist appeal, it both embraces its feel-good intentions and wears them on its sleeve. And it executes its model to near perfection.
Such is the power in Rush and Firth's performances that you can't wait until they're on-screen next.
A compelling and gripping declaration of the impact of words and the power it can build in and around a kingdom...
Apesar de adorável, é um grande filme? Uma obra que mereça, por exemplo, entrar no restritíssimo clube das produções indicadas a 12 Oscars ou mais? A resposta, temo, é um inequívoco "não".
Hooper has teased out of the brilliant script and Oscar-worthy central performances an electric crowd-pleaser that borrows the best of Brit period cinema...while eliding the very worst.
An utterly absorbing relationship study between a Royal and a commoner ... shining gem in British cinema's crown jewels, full of wit and decorum.
A crowning achievement that's sure to be the talk of this awards season.
designed to be a feel-good history lesson, one that reminds us in no uncertain terms that royals are people too, while not dismissing the wealth of privilege they call home
The King's Speech is the epitome of prestige cinema, an impeccably crafted and emotionally compelling drama that deserves the many laurels it surely will receive.
Wonderful entertainment, anchored by two brilliant actors acting brilliantly together.
(...) Una película riquísima, inteligente, excelentemente interpretada y que nos permite descubrir un capítulo poco conocido de la historia real británica.
A scantily used Rorschach device typifies the wasted potential here.
Sturdy entertainment.
This is an actor's movie and the three leads are absolutely brilliant.
It's the sort of thing we do awf'ly well.
This excellent buddy flick is an easily accessible and very satisfying comedy-drama... An intelligent, feel-good hit.
Wonderful performances, a bit of history and an absorbing character study make 'The King's Speech' one of the best movies of the year.
A tender contemplation on duty and the crippling weight of expectancy.
Not for the action crowd but for those who like their movies deep and inspiring this is one of the best ever.
A smart historical pic.
The King's Speech is hand's down 2010's best movie and will - in the end - leave you speechless.
"The King's Speech" is a finely crafted period piece that mixes drama, some social comedy and sumptuous movie making into an entertaining and inspirational cinematic experience.
I'm sure I could find a fault somewhere in this film if I really tried, but it wouldn't be significant enough to matter. The King's Speech is perfect.
Although he plays up the odd-couple comedy, Hooper knows how to bring out the anguish behind the humour.
Overall the film is a major achievement, with Firth presenting us with a great profile in courage, a portrait of that recurrent figure, the stammerer as hero.
A touching, impeccably made drama with wonderful characters and some of the year's most memorable dialogue.
A well crafted piece of entertainment built around a couple of flashy but engaging performances from Firth and Geoffrey Rush...
The relationship between teacher and monarch is what really makes the film worth seeing.
It's got plenty to admire but when the credits roll and the lights come up, it's difficult not to feel used.
A little bit of rounding of Firth's character, a little more time spent on his less pleasant characteristics and less attention spent on building dramatic stakes would have built something stronger than what we've finally gotten.
It all adds up to a very special film with a near-perfect mix of pathos, humour and well-observed period detail.
The King's Speech is an impeccably crafted chapter from recent British history that charts a remarkable and unlikely friendship between two men from opposite sides of the class divide.
This is a stunning piece of cinema and a perfect, feel-good start to the New Year.
The King's Speech is the kind of well-acted, handsomely mounted, British period piece that seems more meaningful while you're watching it than it actually is. That, however, doesn't make it any less entertaining.
The King's Speech is all about layers, and (director Tom) Hooper keeps it humming on several at once.
The true-life story of a king's efforts to overcome his stammer in order to face his public, constructed like a contemporary makeover narrative.
The rumours are completely true. The superlatives are completely justified. Colin Firth really does give the performance of his life as the Queen's father, George VI.
Not just one of the most entertaining British films in years, but one of the most intriguing, too.
Top-drawer performances and a script spun from an intriguing episode in the British blueblood annals, this is a solid, slick but undeniably conventional crowd-pleaser.
Very funny in some places, full of tension in others and terribly moving at times, The King's Speech is brilliantly written and performed.
By the film's end I was in tears: a pathetic critic-thing whimpering in the half-dark, knocked into resistlessness by the power of storytelling.
A fascinating insight into an untold piece of history, The King's Speech is warm-hearted and funny when it could have been frightfully dull.
It certainly has the whiff of Oscar bait about it. But when it's executed this superbly you can't help but concede it's good enough to warrant it.
A rich and warm study of the royal family of England. This is one of the best-written films of the year.
The players are as good as you'd expect and while this is clearly positioned as high-end heritage drama, it shows a keen wit.
A stuffy melodrama tailored for the therapist acting-a-thon. A tragic combo.
Colin Firth's made an amazing film by being a stuttering, upper-class English gent? Hugh Grant must be bloody kicking himself.
As you get into the film you realize it's...quite an extraordinary framework in which Colin Firth can deliver this performance.
The problem isn't the performers, but the waste of potentially interesting aspects
At its best when highlighting the delightful badinage between Colin Firth as the recently-crowned King George VI and Geoffrey Rush as his not so humble servant, a charming rogue if there ever was one.
Think the blazing joys of Chariots Of Fire where the race is to the end of a sentence. Can it be that the British are coming?
The wonder is that this sort of thing should enable such an involving and satisfying relationship to come about -- between Lionel and Bertie, and between you and what's happening on the screen.
This is actually one of the year's best films, featuring two great performances by two great actors.
The combination of spectacular performances and masterful direction turns this true story into an all-consuming emotional experience.
Gains its mileage from likable characters being played by fine actors, and ends up as another example of formula polished to a bright shine.
Two great performances, neither marked by that 'look at me!' showiness all too often found in those genteel, award-grubbing, British period pieces that always come out this time of year. Instead they seem, well, very human.
Hooper shoots much of the action with Terry Gilliam-esque 'fisheye' lenses, to suggest that Bertie feels alienated from his environment and to add a funhouse aspect to a story that might have been played entirely straight...
Firth and Rush are the best on-screen duo of the year.
The film everybody's talking about is, quite fittingly, a film about talking. And a great one, certainly as far as A-grade performance showcases go.
Hooper keeps us focused on what's best about "The King's Speech": the sort of complicated, unusual relationship that is an ideal subject for a movie.
In a 24-hour news cycle, it's hard to believe a man with the elocution of a Pet Rock could be crowned King of the World. But at a time when the phonograph was high-tech and British figureheads weren't doing karaoke with Elton John, it could happen.
Lots of people will consider The King's Speech the best movie of the year; for me it's simply one of the best-made movies of the year.
The King's Speech is the kind of production that makes you ask: why can't every film be made this way?
he King's Speech brings a country's amorphous fear of war and a sudden king's dread of his hesitant supremacy into perfect, uncommon focus.
It is an intelligent, winning drama fit for a king -- and the rest of us. And this year, there were far too few of those coming from Hollywood.
Straight from the school of Inspirational Tales from History, what it lacks in novelty it makes up for in executing this type of movie-making about as well as it can be done.
The King's Speech is anything but a stiff-upper-lip drama as constrained as a corseted queen. It is, however, perfect film fodder for discerning audiences starved for literate entertainment.
OK, sure, "The King's Speech" obviously is feel-good Oscar bait, but who cares? It's also a terrific movie with two fantastic performances at its heart.
"The King's Speech" is old-fashioned filmmaking at its best: a good story, elegantly told, and a joy to watch.
Rush gives a singular performance...
Put aside the finery, eloquent dialogue and sublime acting, and you have a marvelous odd couple farce featuring Bertie and Lionel, a timid, tongue-tied king and a casual, self-assured commoner.
A stylish historical drama that suffers from self-importance.
A warm and compelling drama filled with humanity and the happy knack for being moving and funny at the same time.
This cinematic royal gem should take its rightful place as king of the mountain right alongside "The Queen," "Elizabeth" and "Shakespeare in Love." This movie is my choice to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Forget the Ashes, this is the history making Australia vs. England match you need to be watching come Boxing Day.
The film is beautifully put together, bouncing back and forth between comedic highpoints and tear-inducing moments of triumph ...
Against the odds, The King's Speech is a triumph, a laugh-until-you-cry, cry-until-you-laugh emotional roller coaster.
Not merely a spot-on period piece; it's also a heartfelt study in the shadings of courage, a film about duty and friendship that's often warmly funny and sometimes painful to watch.
Although far from a traditional end-of-year monarchical film, The King's Speech is an entertaining sidebar to history and, unlike the King's actual speech, is a joy to sit through.
In an era of broheim nonsense, where the idea of male companionship means watching louts suck down tall boys and grunt about their grim sex life, it's refreshing to find a film observe a union of intelligence and vulnerability.
The true story of a man who had to literally and metaphorically find his voice, with in a very real sense the fate of the world depending on it.
The power of The King's Speech comes from its performances. Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter have been perfectly cast.
With the calendar almost closed, the best mature drama of 2010 arrives. Firth and Rush are majestic, as is Hooper's handling of touching history.
An enormously entertaining picture that proves you can make an enormously entertaining picture out of familiar elements.
It's hard to imagine a much better film being made from this material.
The King's Speech is a warm, wise film -- the best period movie of the year and one of the year's best movies, period.
Through this often tumultuous friendship is where The King's Speech finds its heartbeat, Rush contemplating Firth's reserve with a spirited turn full of soul and humour, yet never over the top in that awards reel sort of way.
A fully satisfying and uplifting period piece that achieves its dramatic potential without sacrificing historical accuracy.
A playful comic drama that treats serious matters of state as a sitcom-level inconvenience for three perfectly delightful characters played by three talented actors at peak blitheness.
The King Speech ... is practically the definition of Oscar bait. It's a veritable trifle of sumptuous delights for members of the Academy to nosh on. The King's Speech is Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory to the voters' Augustus Gloop.
It is uncommon to find a film which can make you cry and cheer with equal measure. Such in the power that this King embodies.
The film begins to crackle with life the moment Geoffrey Rush and Colin Firth first appear on screen together. Their playful banter offsets the story's gloomy backdrop.
A thrilling,right Royal tale of friendship, duty and diction
Cinematically told and firmly rooted in its characters, this is an absolute crowd pleaser.
Firth catches all this in a performance that runs from anguish to a deadpan acceptance of the absurdities that are part of his predicament.
The movie's main accomplishment is that it takes Grade A Oscar fodder and makes it not only tolerable, but enjoyable.
Let's say it without equivocation: Colin Firth deserves an Oscar for his lead role in The King's Speech as the stammering King George VI.
The film is made by Firth and Rush smartly delivering the clever lines of David Seidler's script.
Few films this year have had as well-rounded a mix of acting, direction, sound and picture, but The King's Speech is in every respect a beautiful film, beautifully played by its principal and supporting cast.
Brilliantly observed, thoughtful, intellifent.
A fantastic, crowd-pleaser of a movie that's my pick for best film of 2010. (Parental Review also Available)
By now we almost take Firth's brilliance for granted. Almost. He's magnificent here, as are Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter.
This is a film bursting with words; much of it elegant dialogue, some of it energetic bursts of profanity. But Lionel and Bertie's close relationship is built soundly upon them, and it's a believable bond.
There are certain films which you know immediately are destined for many accolades and awards. "The King's Speech" is one of those.
The MPAA saw fit to saddle "The King's Speech" with an "R" rating because of an occasional naughty word. That's truly a shame because this film is a genuine treasure.
Viewers expecting the stiff royal drama that the dull title implies will be as surprised.
The King's Speech is a good film that's been inflated by some viewers to great even if it doesn't quite deserve the throne.
The King's Speech contains brilliant cinematography, acting and direction. The flick was as exciting as 3D action-adventure! Give Firth the Oscar!
full review at Movies for the Masses
So refreshingly entertaining and touching that you want everyone you know to see it twice.
Go! Enjoy!
A beautifully crafted, sturdily constructed, sublimely written story shimmering with robust humanity and impish wit.
A rich comedy of class reconciliation, the humanity of regality, and the healing power of vocal exercises.
Strip it down to its barest form, and what you have is a been-there-done-that sports movie with a speech standing in for 'the big game'.
"The King's Speech" is irresistibly entertaining, wonderfully acted and funny thanks to Rush's comic brilliance and straight-man Firth's amazing performance
Although everything can go wrong with a film before it gets to the casting stage, and often does, a couple of marvelous performances can elevate solid, well-carpentered material and make it something special.
No holiday season would be complete without a starchy British historical drama, and the Weinstein Company obliges us this year with this pleasant story the Duke of York, who had to overcome a serious stammer.
With its rich source material shaped from real-life events, The King's Speech doesn't need to overplay its hand -- especially not with a king waiting in the hole.
Tom Hooper has managed to take a predictable story fit for a TV movie and turn it into one of the year's best films.
This plush, evocative slice of British royal history is also an irresistible portrait of an unlikely friendship and a rousing tale of triumph over adversity.
As the speechmaker and his speech teacher, Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush elevate each other's game to the stratosphere and beyond.
Complacent middlebrow tosh engineered for maximum awards bling and catering to a nostalgia for the royalty we've never actually had to live with.
There is no suspense in this, but there is much to enjoy in the performances. Rush is one of our best character actors, and Firth is perfect for this.
Most people will enjoy The King's Speech, and many will forget it immediately afterwards.
If the British monarchy is good for nothing else, it's superb at producing the subjects of films.
The sheer audacity of the story is its best part
Geoffrey Rush is bloody marvellous
The Madness of King George (1994) is a lot more substantive than this precious bid for kneejerk Oscars.
David Seidler writes in a way that Aaron Sorkin of The Social Network couldn't; he successfully balances truth and entertainment, injecting a keen sense of humour without costing the film its humanity or credibility.
This is a real actor's piece and Geoffrey Rush, who was one of the executive producers, and Colin Firth are really superb in these roles; Helena Bonham Carter too.
The heart of this film is the relationship between Bertie and Lionel and it works superbly because of those performances.
If the thought of watching a film about the Duke of York overcoming his speech impediment already has you clicking elsewhere, then director Tom Hooper's masterfully-crafted biopic may not be for you. You'll be missing out.
...both hilarious and heartfelt, a genial and genuine experience made even more startling by the brilliant acting involved.
[Director] Tom Hooper proves...that he has a firm understanding of the filmmaking process and elicits award worthy performances from his stars.
...inherently intriguing...
The King's Speech is a lively burst of populist rhetoric, superbly performed and guaranteed to please even discriminating crowds.
The King's Speech is one of the best movies you'll see all year.
It's the odds-on favourite to win Best Picture at the next Academy Awards in February, and deservedly so.
Firth makes us feel his alienation, his self-loathing and his sense of privilege. He gives the film its full-bodied voice, one that's perfect in tone, perfect in pitch.
For a dialogue heavy picture this one is exhilarating, and without even realizing it I discovered when it was finished I'd gently moved all the way forward in my seat to the point I was leaning on the one directly in front of me.
...a touching tribute to a man who has been ignored by history ...enlivened by the performances of Rush and Firth aided by a fine performance by Carter.
Among many other good things, The King's Speech, directed by Tom Hooper and written by David Seidler, is a meditation on a transitional time when royalty was expected to speak to the nation and not just pose commandingly before it.
Both actors completely inhabit their absorbing roles, relishing the opportunity their exchanges provide and adding unlooked-for layers to a complicated human relationship.
It's good to be the king. Unless you are Prince Albert. Deserves a nomination for Best Picture and Best Actor for Firth.
Rush is delightful as the failed theatrical actor from Perth.
The King's Speech offers a much-needed dose of wit. It's a clever and engaging motion picture. The dialogue has snap, panache, and charm. Ah, speech that matters. What a concept.
Altogether satisfying, compelling true story of King George VI's speech impediment and the unconventional therapist who treated him. Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush give two of 2010's outstanding performances.
A film like this arrives on the scene and restores my faith, not only in movies but in humankind itself.
One of the many remarkable things about The King's Speech is how this subtle film's central relationship speaks to the divisions between people.
Superb drama about overcoming fears is fine for teens.
It's not a typical Oscar-bait picture, but nominations, at least, seem likely in the near future.
Director Tom Hooper...could here be said to cross up underdog-biopic expectations in what amounts to a high-toned, elegantly upholstered buddy flick.
The prince is patrician and revered, but he's also public property, and suffers accordingly in this genteel film.
There is much to like here and it truly succeeds at what it sets out to do, and that is inspire, enlighten and entertain.
The King's Speech is that rare classy period piece that isn't like eating spinach; it's a treat from beginning to end.
What The King's Speech represents is a smart and memorable character piece with real historical significance, and it's a pleasure to watch.
We're prone to thinking it's an insult to compare a film to an HBO movie. It isn't. 'King's Speech' is clever & well-acted, but occasionally left me yearning for more depth.
The King's Speech has been crafted to serve as an actors' showcase first and foremost and Firth and Rush don't disappoint.
Colin Firth is extraordinary and Geoffrey Rush is electrifying in this engrossing, fact-based historical drama - one of the 10 Best of 2010.
The writing and the actors alone provide a happy and satisfying emotional connection.
There are many reasons why this film is so winning: not the least of which is the auspicious timing of its release.
The picture achieves the improbable feat of drawing out a king's humanity and minimizing the pomp and circumstance that so often negates it.
A direct and heartfelt piece of work.
The King's Speech -- a crowning achievement powered by a dream cast -- digs vibrant human drama out of the dry dust of history.
You wouldn't guess a radio-address could be as rousing and nail-biting as a climactic boxing match or a karate competition, but beneath all the manners and monarchs, Speech is a classic -- and expertly crafted -- underdog.
Firth and Rush are geniuses who raise each other's game
Offers a warmth and familiarity that allows for easy entry as an inspirational tale of overcoming one's shortcomings, while also delivering a rich multi-layered experience that stands up to repeat viewings.
It doesn't matter if watching a movie about the British royal family sounds like fun or homework -- The King's Speech is hard to resist.
It's a warm, richly funny and highly enjoyable human story that takes an intriguing sideways glance at a crucial period in 20th-century history.
Honestly, the thought of George VI flubbing his big moment pales in the larger picture. Via some closing text, we learn that he inspired the nation to strength. But politics is about more than being in fine voice.
A picnic for Anglophiles, not to mention a prospective Oscar bonanza for the brothers Weinstein, The King's Speech is a well-wrought, enjoyably amusing inspirational drama that successfully humanizes, even as it pokes fun at, the House of Windsor.
... as a genteel middlebrow entertainment, [this] is largely very well-played indeed, and thus deserves to do well.
Each scene in The King's Speech is so poorly staged that its ineptitude sometimes borders on the avant-garde.
...a film too timid for its own good.
The King's Speech has left me speechless.
Coming on the heels of "The Damned United," Tom Hooper displays a similar deftness here at examining the gears of British human behavior turning under enormous social responsibility.
If you can get past the nagging sensation that what you're watching is a cynical calculation to appeal to the Academy, well, you'll be delighted, because the The King's Speech is undeniably charming.
There is a kernel to this movie which feels harder and more stubborn than the pleasing, period fluff that enfolds it.
The sense of period is strong and made especially real in scenes in which royalty find themselves incongruously in small, distinctly non-palatial homes.
A year after his acclaimed performance in Tom Ford's A Single Man, Colin Firth delivers the finest of his career - as a stammering George VI.
The moving and elegantly staged The King's Speech will be a strong contender with awards season looming, driven by wonderful performances by Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush.
Tom Hooper turns history into formula. Can poor Bertie gather the nerves to address his people when duty calls? Take a wild guess.
It's a prizewinning combination, terribly English and totally Hollywood, and Firth is, once more, uncanny: He evokes, in mid-stammer, existential dread.
It will make you laugh more than you imagine - and touch you more deeply than you expect.
The King's Speech remains a decorous bit of middlebrow mush.
An enthralling and heart affecting biodrama about an unusual friendship that transforms the life and soul of King George VI of England.
I think it would be more effective on the stage, sans score and with only the implications of greater world events in the background.
British royal history doesn't get more interesting than this.
Besides being hugely entertaining, the film also gives Colin Firth yet another meaty role to dive into.
Stylishly directed, brilliantly written and featuring terrific performances from Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush, this is a hugely enjoyable, emotionally engaging drama that's almost certain to be leading the charge come Oscar time.
Tom Hooper's richly enjoyable and handsomely produced movie about George VI's struggle to cure his stammer is a massively confident crowd-pleaser.
Like The Queen, Hooper's film is a classy, handsomely mounted, vastly entertaining drama, featuring Oscar caliber performances by Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush.
With first rate performances from an A-list cast, the handsome period piece The King's Speech is one of the most accessibly entertaining films of its kind in years.
Colin Firth excels as England's shy, repressed, stammering monarch, George VI (aka "Bertie"), in a performance that's deftly matched, syllable for syllable, by Geoffrey Rush.
The King's Speech adheres to every rule in the Oscar playbook.
This is a fine picture all around.
Inspiring, and wholly entertaining, THE KING'S SPEECH is an example of the type of film that isn't made enough anymore.
The King's Speech is one of the most pleasurable movies to come along in years.
A riveting, intimate account at how a British king triumphed over a speech impediment with the help of an unorthodox speech coach.
A stirring, handsomely mounted tale of unlikely friendship starring Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush.

@highlight

Colin Firth gives a masterful performance in The King's Speech , a predictable but stylishly produced and rousing period drama.