The film has essentially been commissioned on the say-so of pinot-guzzling, chick-lit-licking chocoholics, and it shows. Boy, it's dull and pointless.
The film is hamstrung by the novel's structure, unsure whether to be a 12A-certificate family outing, or to luxuriate in morbid irony.
While it may not be suitable for young children, The Book Thief may be one of the best films for families that will play through the holiday season.
It's probably a little too modest for its potential Oscar goals, but it's a fine film nonetheless.
The Book Thief manages to capture the horror of war and the tension of life in the Hubermann household, and there are moments that will shock those not familiar with the story.
'The Book Thief' mixes British actors using German accents, a few German actors, and the occasional German word, creating a playfully successful illusion of German-ness.
Ultimately not much more complex than the moment in which two children yell "I hate Hitler" across a lake, it imparts the message that Nazis are bad, books are good, and Geoffrey Rush would make a great dad even in WWII Germany
This extremely moving drama suggests the Holocaust story Ray Bradbury might have written: Events are seen through a child's eyes; books are shown to contain a healing, transformative power; and the supernatural is real, if symbolic.
Zusak's story is stirring, and it holds the film up during most of its predictable parts, but The Book Thief never rises too far above that. The narration from Death only serves to make it more like some sort of fantastical fairy tale.
Regrettably this poignant and profound story, does not feel very poignant nor profound at all.
Showing tragic events through a child's eyes can be a powerful storytelling strategy, but there's something altogether too cosy and bland about Downton Abbey director Brian Percival's handling of the material here.
Tthe film sees Nelisse give a wonderful performance; indeed, the performances are all round good, but the film lacks emotional depth.
I'd heard reports that this film could reduce grown men to tears - but I'm guessing they were just yawning with boredom.
Tries to blend heartwarming moral observation with ill-fitting metaphysical contrivance.
The film-making style seems disconcertingly glossy given the downbeat themes.
The Book Thief must be accounted a failure: even Downton fans will find the rampant cosiness just a little hard to bear.
It's certainly pretty to look at, reminiscent of those Disneyland parades where horses are much in evidence, but their excrement (thanks to neat little sacks attached to the creatures' nether regions) never soils the ground.
It's a worryingly lenient and obtuse approach to history and historical evil, which are smothered in feelgood tragi-sentimental slush.
It looks marvellous: browns, beiges and greys setting off the startling red of the ubiquitous swastikas. But there is no real feeling for the catastrophe that is gathering pace in the background.
What is The Book Thief saying? Unknown. I can't even tell you what its intentions are, or whom it is intended for, only that it lacks even a whiff of emotional heft.
Since the story is essentially Anne Frank re-gendered, why bother at all?
[Percival] certainly makes everything look pretty, although neither he nor Michael Petroni, who wrote the script, seem able to give the story a sense of momentum or tension, or even locate it in a world that's recognisably real.
While there's a strong story in here about the power of literature and the fragility of life, this movie takes a far too wistful approach, so it feels like a cheesy bedtime yarn rather than a look at horrors of Nazi Germany
A frank and adventurous portrayal of love in the margins.
The performances are admirable and engaging but the story is short on drama and emotional impact.
A little more darkness and a little less gloss may have better served the story.
Ultimately something of a disappointment, thanks to sluggish direction, a curiously uneventful screenplay, a general lack of suspense and a surfeit of forced sentimentality.
What disappoints is his reluctance to engage with the matter of why many were happily seduced by the fascist propaganda - a question that is still relevant today.
Thoughtful tweens and teens interested in history and unusual adventurous stories of kids their own age should love this, but adults may find the lightness of the tone off-putting.
Some good performances, impeccable craft and good intentions can't compensate for a lack of dramatic urgency and emotional heft. The Book Thief is effective, but not effective enough.
Feels much less potent, despite some very good acting and a couple of genuinely moving moments.
This handsomely made adaptation plays to its YA audience, but while simple, it's a stirring look at WW2 from the perspective of normal German families.
Here's an example of a film that aims for the heart, but hits the stomach. Based on the best-selling, award-winning book by Australian author Markus Zusak, The Book Thief is a well-meaning, overlong, largely dull wartime drama set in Nazi Germany.
While it might lose some of the finer detail and plotting of the book, it more than makes up for this in the sensuous way it recreates its setting and its engaging characters.
Narrated by Roger Allam, we follow Liesel, an orphan adopted by a family in a small German village in 1938. The result is a finely-played WW2 drama with a little awkwardness and a central literary device that doesn't quite work.
You can sense the resonance the tropes may have had on the page, but on film they stumble forth feeling clichéd and tired.
The film still packs a strong emotional punch though thanks to the likeable nature of its leading characters. You want them to find comfort, happiness.
Better than average but far from the high quality of the book on which it is based, 'The Book Thief' is an above-average film about ordinary German citizens trying to survive World War II.
An appealing tale of one young girl's attempts to make sense of the senseless.
That rare film that seems to get just about everything wrong
Offering a unique insight into the Holocaust, this compelling drama works despite its uneven plot.
An uplifting story of hope amid hopelessness. Plus Rush, Watson and especially Nelisse are amazing.
While it's lavishly appointed and well acted, The Book Thief overemphasizes the redemptive value of the protagonist's art and underemphasizes, well, the horror.
Rosa's transformation is at once the film's most vibrant and least irritating, even if it is as predictable as those of the people around her.
For all its splendid veracity to look at, authentically replicating wartime provincial Germany, The Book Thief struggles to find matching authenticity in the story and the characters
A masterful tale about life, made all the more effective by the fact that it is narrated by the supercilious voice of death
Attempts to balance an opposing mix of sentiments and while not perfect, does an admirable job of telling a powerful story - even if it's not your typical holiday fare.
Great acting and a terrific plot save a storytelling flaw that has children not aging at all over a five-year period. I had trouble getting past that one.
The movie lacks the nerve to treat death as anything more menacing than the tooth fairy.
Some may not like this balancing act, of a supernatural, detached view of humanity used to counterbalance the ravages of war, but I thought this film got the balance just right.
In the larger scheme of Holocaust movies, The Book Thief is decidedly safe and middlebrow.
Zusak's film, as scripted by Michael Petroni, chucks out the novel's crisp, occasionally sublime storytelling in favor of huge swaths of maudlin melodrama and countless cloying wartime cliches.
In The Book Thief, young Canadian actress Sophie Nélisse finds a way to maintain a vulnerability that creates a natural sympathy for her character, Liesel.
Clearly, the film, adapted from a book that was on The New York Times bestseller list for more than 200 weeks, has the best of intentions.
Markus Zusak's enormously successful young-adult novel seems to have been adapted as a movie for middle-aged children.
"The Book Thief" renders a dark history in the most bland and inoffensive hues.
It is the wisdom of restraint that makes the film as touching and haunting as it ends up being.
When Death is your narrator, your movie had better have something profound to say about the precariousness of life or, at the very least, display some satiric wit. The Book Thief does neither.
...presenting not one single idea that hasn't been flogged down to the bone over the past 60 years, and spackling over its emaciated drama with suffocating production values.
Despite heart-warming drama and solid performances from its leads, The Book Thief fails to develop and fully realize many core relationships and thematic ideas.
Watson, Rush and young Sophie Nelisse are terrific in this somewhat familiar adaptation.
The film is compelling, well-acted and has some inspired moments, but it feels a little too measured and overtly sentimental for the weighty subject-matter it has taken on.
"The Book Thief" may not be perfect, but it may steal your heart.
Surprise is a valuable weapon in this otherwise familiar tale, keeping viewers alert enough to make it through this overlong but sincere coming-of-age saga.
Inconsistent narration was just one factor that made me feel disconnected to the film, despite the fact that many members of the audience at the screening I attended were clearly moved by their experience.
Pretty visuals give an unexpectedly painful twist to other parts of the story.
You just wonder if this film's audience might be happier at home, curled up with a book. "The Book Thief," perhaps.
The Book Thief clearly has no desire to sell a political tract or explore a new chapter of history. It simply wants to tell a human story with humour, compassion and a steely eye for mortality.
A tale of WWII Germany as seen through the eyes of a young girl, "The Book Thief" is unobjectionable, sentimental, and not a little dull.
Given the tough-minded tone of many young adult books turned to films, "The Book Thief's" frolicsome tone feels dated and inappropriate.
If a movie is going to tell yet another story about life during World War II, it better be a lot more special than this one.
Vivid character acting, superior production values, and a gracefully grim narrative structure.
Screenwriter Michael Petroni has done a first-rate job of adapting Zusak's book. Director Brian Percival's pace is sometimes leisurely, but the small moments are important, and the ending is quietly memorable.
Undoubtedly high-minded and well-intentioned, but it's also overplotted and sentimentalized.
This craven refusal to risk offense demonstrates the length to which the film is willing to go for truth: not very far at all.
The Book Thief is a bland adaptation, with a safe, slow-moving script that drains the life (and death) from a vivid and moving bestseller.
...it's ultimately impossible to label The Book Thief as anything less than a complete misfire on almost every level.
The story celebrates reading, writing and creative expression as antidotes to totalitarianism and group-think. It's an important message.
And so another awards season brings another film (adapted from another international bestseller) offering up the unrelated and uncontroversial lessons that reading is good and Nazis are bad.
It is a stirring, heart-wrenching look at the atrocities of war and "Death", as witnessed by a fiercely determined young girl.
It's apparent to me that this is one of those cases where the film version just can't match up to the (presumed) brilliance of the book.
...a worthy cast hamstrung by poor directorial choices...
At the end of the film, Death comments that he sees humanity's beauty and ugliness and always wonders how the same thing can be both. Well, The Book Thief isn't both. It's just ugly.
A misfire in far too many meaningful aspects, The Book Thief is so bad that it's tough to decide whether it's better used as a sleep aid or watched while under the influence as an object of derision.
Incredibly Inspiring - a best of the year
A well-intentioned piece of work that nonetheless fails, sometimes spectacularly, to connect in the ways that its creators intend.
Too watered down for adults - lacking the satiric bite you might expect from a tale narrated by Death - and too grim and dull for kids.
The Holocaust has never looked so beautiful.
There is one narrative conceit in The Book Thief that is so wrongheaded it serves to undermine both the movie's specific and greater story.
What the film does have going for it, however, are solid to outstanding performances. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Rush's performance and some touching moments make this perhaps the best we can hope for in fictional portrayals grappling with the incomprehensible.
A series of small bad decisions hampers this handsome adaptation of Markus Zusak's World War II-set novel, starting with the subtitles.
Has some wrong notes and touches of preciousness, but mostly it's a moving and effective presentation of life under Nazism, as seen from an unusual angle.
With superficial sleekness, it flattens the intricate story to excessive simplicity.
It does not overreach in its storytelling, but neither does it overplay the connections between language and power that lurked at the heart of the Nazi regime. It simply turns the equation around, celebrating instead the power of language to heal.
Gorgeous photography and a potential new star in 13-year-old Nélisse, but this is the rosiest view of Nazi Germany since "The Sound of Music." Without the music.
[Geoffrey Rush] is the main reason the film earns the heartstring tugs, but he also serves as a key point of distraction from how it simplifies and distorts the period.
The movie tries heartily to contain writer Markus Zusak's myriad plot points, but the result is a rushed conclusion, which tempers the intended tear-jerking climax.
If you can't do a thing right, sometimes it's best not to do it at all. Thankfully, "The Book Thief" gets more right than it doesn't.
Fortunately for Percival, he cast the right actors to guide us through this tricky terrain.
The narrative rushes through Nazi book burnings, Kristallnacht, the roundup of Jews and Hitler's fury over the Olympic triumph of Jesse Owens, a surface treatment of major events that barely conveys the horror of the times.
This plush, mawkish period drama, adapted from Markus Zusak's 2005 best-seller, might be useful as a means of introducing the Holocaust to small children, but it's indefensible on almost any other terms.
Perhaps it goes without saying, but this is not a typical family film for the holiday season.
A well-crafted, effective family drama.
The Book Thief crams story after story into such a small space that it can't realize any of them in depth.
"The Book Thief" tries so hard to warm our hearts amid grotesque suffering, it goes a bit mad under the strain.
The horrors of the holocaust are cast aside in favor of a distinctly Spielbergian coming-of-age tale that is too simple to properly depict the ugliness of the period.
Don't try to make Nazi Germany cute.
Just when I thought I could never, would never weep at another Holocaust film, along comes the screen adaptation of "The Book Thief." Kleenex, stat!
Thus, the film leaves us with a film that, while not risible, does not raise to the level of a veritable constellation of other works that have plumbed similar stories.
It's respectable, safe, intelligent -- and a bit dull.
At times, the movie feels ... like morbid biblio-fetishism.
"The Book Thief" treads on familiar ground... the situations are realistic, the moral choices genuine, and the emotions honestly portrayed.
Emotional WWII drama explores loss, literacy, and love.
A beautiful exploration of compassion during war with some truly marvelous performances. A must-see.
Judicious and well acted, with some fine details of human strength and frailty. But its ultimate asset may be to lead young audiences back to the book ...
We keep waiting for something eye-opening, and we rarely get it. By and large, The Book Thief is serviceable, sleek, and stodgy.
Everything is far too pretty, from the wintry landscapes to the cozily shabby homes. Even as the war goes on, talk of it - and the Reich - remains simplistic.
Why is "The Book Thief" set in Nazi-occupied Germany ... if it won't engage with the era's shattering momentousness?
History may be awful, but a young heroine's spunkiness can overcome anything. Thus does actual tragedy get reduced to the role of kitschy backdrop, a transposition of true obscenity.
A schmaltzy, gently engaging, well-crafted, historical melodrama that lacks the magical realism of Zusak's novel.
... The Book Thief doesn't strive to be a necessarily authentic reflection of conditions of the era, and leans on feeling rather the verisimilitude...
Slow-moving as though respectful of an audience that does require Holocaust dramas to punctuate destruction and mayhem.
A shameless piece of Oscar-seeking Holocaust kitsch.
The Book Thief goes lighter, maybe too light for more demanding fans of art-house fare. But the film benefits from Geoffrey Rush and Emily Watson delivering fine performances.
Percival -- who has directed numerous episodes of Downton Abbey -- approaches the material earnestly, but when it veers into the territory of literary preciousness, he doesn't know how to rein it in.
What's meant to leave us with a heavy heart comes off as too heavy-handed.
Overall, it's engaging and serves its young audience well - a rare Holocaust movie that doesn't strain to become Oscar bait.
If there can be such a thing as a sweet, reflective fable about death and the Holocaust, The Book Thief is it.
Looks and sounds very important but offers no greater insight into the human condition than the typical Transformers sequel.
Remains loyal to Markus Zusak's World War II story without quite capturing its dark originality.
The film shines a bright light on Nelisse, a fresh young talent whose expressive eyes say everything.
It would make for a pretty ghastly pageant if not for smart, understated turns by Watson and Geoffrey Rush.
As melodrama, the movie is an absorbing portrait of a community's indifference to its own.
With its muted cinematography and a fairly slow-paced story, The Book Thief isn't the flashiest of potential awards contenders this year, but it's one of the most genuine.
Books themselves become the story's key symbol, representing the past and future, loss and possibility, of a place that's ground zero for some of history's darkest days.
There is much to admire in Percival's film version, but you may come away more impressed by the intentions than by the achievements.
Where the book had a kernel of intellectual irony to it-words betray a nation-this drama goes shamelessly for the heart.
A movie haunted by its humans and their amazing capacity to write, read and tell stories.
An embarrassing gut-punch of unfiltered schmaltz.
Markus Zusak's international bestseller The Book Thief has been brought to the screen with quiet effectiveness and scrupulous taste by director Brian Percival and writer Michael Petroni.
It celebrates love and life in one sequence and takes it all away in the next, only to come back around to give your heart yet another bruising, but it always does so with purpose, making the film a well-earned flood of emotion.
A warmly emotional if slightly old fashioned period drama with an appealing young heroine and a nicely utilised World War II backdrop.

@highlight

A bit too safe in its handling of its Nazi Germany setting, The Book Thief counters its constraints with a respectful tone and strong performances.