A surprisingly touching family comedy with real emotion.
full review in Greek
A good-natured, sometimes silly family fun that will play especially well with the under-13 set.
...better than one might've expected, primarily due to the enthusiasm with which Allen tackles his role...
At least Fred MacMurray had the good sense to let the co-star playing his son turn into a dog. But this is a Tim Allen picture, so he does the honors himself.
The film just translates the basic idea for a new generation under the ill-conceived notion that it was necessary.
Five writers (Cormac Wibberley, Marianne Wibberley, Geoff Rodkey, Jack Amiel and Michael Begler) threw everything they could think of against the wall, hoping some of it would stick, but nothing did.
It's an underestimation of the intelligence of your average eight year old to believe his or her rapt attention can be held for long by a film like this.
Man becomes mutt in this inoffensive, uneven comedy that fails to make the most of its comic potential or familiar cast.
Bizarre, incomprehensible and utterly unnecessary, "The Shaggy Dog" comes bounding onto the screen with a loud soundtrack, a cute pooch, vivid colors and dozens of product placements.
The plot may sound stupid, but it's tightly written and it pushes all the right emotional buttons.
A flea-bitten farrago which bears only a fleeting resemblance to the 1959 film that inspired it.
The Shaggy Dog feels like little more than a stale rehash with a promising cast whose talents haven't been tapped.
The Shaggy Dog, another tired retread from Disney, is so aggressively unfunny it should just roll over and play dead. Come on, guys, do something original for once.
There are precious few surprises here, but parents will find director Robbins' breezy remake a painless affair and, judging by the yowls of laughter from the peanut gallery at the screening I attended, the kids will be barking all the way home.
Just when Allen is on a ferociously funny roll, director Brian Robbins is forced to collar and replace him with a collie doing a lame impersonation of a human.
Coal, the Bearded Collie playing Shaggy, upstages everyone in this amusing update of a Disney classic.
You'll be sorry if you bring your kids.
Allen is given far too many opportunities to grotesquely ham it up -- for his next film, how about a nice, quiet role as a corpse?
We've seen it a million times.
Do Allen's presumed fans really want to see the man hike his leg to use a urinal, have a CGI tongue loll out of his mouth, or have his butt sniffed for 98 solid minutes?
Anybody given the assignment to write a movie in which a man turns into a dog would come up with these same jokes.
This remake is heavy on the special effects...but the biggest difference is how the film becomes another commentary on the lamentable state of today's parents.
Allen's latest flea-bitten family fare fluff is indeed a dog--both literally and figuratively...[an] infantile tail-wagging fantasy.
The doggie antics generate a few chuckles, but it's a sign of the film's inefficiency that the biggest laugh comes from a sight gag involving a chimp and a cattle prod.
This update seems to have been made on the cheap and neither its genetic nor its plot mutations are funny.
I'll admit that some of the antics elicit a chuckle or two, but not nearly enough to justify the price of a movie ticket.
good, clean, silly fun
A delightful family comedy about a man whose metamorphosis in a canine teaches him something about responsibilities to family.
They've created a virus that can turn people into dogs so they will learn important life lessons.
The Shaggy Dog is wholesome, yes. And safe. And homogenized and soulless and utterly devoid of anything worthwhile.
The Shaggy Dog is like eating a great big log of ****, and Downey is the surprising and tasty bits of corn.
I now know what comedy in hell is like.
This film is evil, pure and simple.
Anyone who includes the song "Who Let the Dogs Out?" anywhere within their film will be kicked in the shin, once a day, every day, for one full year.
Disney's tried-and-true slapstick material (est. 1959) is here given a heinously unimaginative interpretation by five screenwriters and a director who manages to squander the gifts of an absurdly overqualified supporting cast.
The unruly pack of subplots make The Shaggy Dog much more convoluted than it needs to be.
Five credited writers undercharacterize everyone including the dogs, and Allen turns in his typical good-natured, superficial performance.
Director Brian Robbins stages scenes that are more awkward than funny, and the animal effects are bargain-basement.
It mongrelizes a much funnier, fresher movie.
The Shaggy Dog may not make you howl, but it does offer a few bona fide belly laughs, which is more than the last few Tim Allen movies could boast.
It simultaneously overloads the first film's silly teen-wolf metaphor with modern family dysfunction and coarsens the body-switch mishaps into juvenile shtick about marking territory and slobbering dog kisses.
This is a classic family fun fare, likely destined for sequelhood.
Director Brian Robbins keeps the special effects and animatronics to a minimum, relying more often than not on real (albeit trained) dogs. That extra bit of authenticity is refreshing.
The Shaggy Dog is as good as family entertainment gets, meaning it will tickle kids while throwing the occasional bone to parents to keep them from growling.
You don't go to The Shaggy Dog expecting anything more than what it delivers -- an innocuous family comedy enlivened by some winning slapstick gags. Man's best friend would approve.
This is a Dog with heart.
If, in the end, this Allen film is an old dog that can't learn any new tricks, it's still enough of a safe, bland entertainment to keep some undiscriminating parents happy.
To paraphrase the over used song employed in Disney's latest dismal recycling of The Shaggy Dog -- who let this dog out?
Watching a pack of dogs sniff Tim Allen's butt -- repeatedly -- is probably someone's idea of a good time at the movies. Not mine.
This is precisely the type of moviegoing experience engineered for those who still get a laugh when the Baha Men hit Who Let the Dogs Out? accompanies a doggie mayhem montage.
Just when you prayed that Hollywood would stop recycling ideas that weren't so hot in the first place, along comes The Shaggy Dog.
Kids may enjoy all the cute animals running around, but parents will be pawing for the exit.
The Shaggy Dog ranks as the best showcase of Tim Allen's talents since The Santa Clause.
The Shaggy Dog may be silly, contrived and obvious, but it is wholesome, spirited family entertainment.
Shaggy Dog is a subpar remake of a subpar movie that can only spawn subpar remakes.
Young ones will squeal for Allen's ear-scratching antics, but their parents with fond memories of the original will itch from beginning to end.
The Shaggy Dog is just what it wants to be -- wholesome, slapstick, family fun with nice animal rights and 'don't mess with mother nature' messages running beneath the surface.
More assembled than groomed, The Shaggy Dog should do enough tricks and act cute enough to amuse an audience that wants only to have its belly tickled.
The latest remake of the much-filmed Disney concept The Shaggy Dog tries to mine humor from animal testing, which should tell you everything you need to know about this one.
No one's going to argue with a movie that underscores the importance of paying attention to kids, but for me at least, the sight of [Tim] Allen running around on all fours failed to unleash howls of laughter.
It's a typical hit picture remake, which is never a good sign.
The Shaggy Dog is a well-dispositioned but forgettable mutt without any new tricks.
It's a benignly bad creation, directed with one hand wrapped around the bullhorn and the other around a low-fat latte. The childhood affection we hold for vintage live-action Disney movies deserves better.
It's a pleasant surprise to find a movie that genuinely pitches itself at a child's level while also giving parents some real laughs.
Disney's remake of its 1959 flick The Shaggy Dog is pretty flea-bitten from the get-go.
...features an alarming number of serious actors trying to keep a straight face...
If the improv exercise was merely "Pretend you're a dog," Allen's got it down, but he never does anything unexpected.
Wait for iiittt...yes, there's Allen lifting his leg to pee. I checked my watch when the sound of Baja Men's "Who Let the Dogs Out?" surrounded me: fifty minutes in.
Just when you thought Disney had turned the corner on live action features ("Eight Below"), out comes this rather tired re-attempt at humor.
It's a silly story with over-the-top acting, and little to recommend.
at least it's not as excruciating as the commercials make it look. How's that for a glowing recommendation?
So it's a mixed bag at best, but a mixed bag is still better than Disney's horrendous trailers and commercials would have led a person to believe. Kids will certainly adore it, which, after all, is probably the point.
This Shaggy Dog merely slops on computer trickery and heartwarming message 101 plotting in the absence of creative screenwriting and inspired direction.
It's a wonderful, funny and sweet movie the family can enjoy
Tim Allen is a prosecutor who is going, as it were, to the dogs in this revisiting of the old Disney film, which is far livelier than its namesake.
The witless, cliché-ridden script -- the effort of a total of five writers -- doesn't do [Allen] any favors.
The movie is just this side of terrible. It misses all the charm and fun of the original.
Devoid of cleverness or anything approaching reinvention, the film relies on special effects and its cast, human and animal, for its limited appeal. Hopefully, it will be limited enough to spare us Son of the Shaggy Dog.
There is an age above which this movie is unnecessary, and it may be in the low double digits.
The story is too silly to play to older kids. And there are more than a few moments that may give parents of younger ones pause.
At least it is not a beast as dull as Doogal or as piddling as The Pink Panther.
Just when you thought Doogal set the lowest bar possible for a dog comedy, here comes The Shaggy Dog, a pointless remake of the 1959 Disney classic.
Never really rises above third-rate TV sitcom fare
Quintessential Disney cannibalization, with no wit or energy to justify its existence.
Like Curious George and a half-dozen other recent movies aimed at children, The Shaggy Dog sandwiches in themes that speak to adults, resulting in a weird, unsatisfying combination of slapstick and Chicken Soup for a Parent's Soul.
The lab experiments include CGI genetic cross-breeds like a dog-frog combo that exemplify this movie's own uneasy mixture of slapstick and sentiment.
Tim Allen is coasting on a lot of borrowed equity from his Home Improvement days.
In the end, The Shaggy Dog has much more bark than bite.
A pretty fair Disney family comedy.
Tim Allen wreaks hilarious havoc with an uncanny canine-like performance.
The film drags in the homestretch, as the filmmakers needlessly shuffle characters around the city.
Ranks as one of Disney's weakest theatrical releases in years. Woof, indeed.
A mongrel marriage of frantic physical farce and sub-standard CGI work that turns out vaguely creepy rather than cute.
A retread of the 1959 original, the comedy harkens back to a time when the studio was creative, rather than making any attempt to try something new itself. Talk about rolling over and playing dead.
Those allergic to lessons in improving family communication can draw pleasure from Robert Downey Jr., in prime crazypants form, as the lab's power-hungry evil genius.
The Shaggy Dog may contain the single most disturbing image in recent years: Tim Allen licking Kristin Davis' face.
This one isn't all that bad, but it's still sad to see all that talent going to waste on rehashed ideas.
PETA members may take to The Shaggy Dog. Everyone else over the age of 10, however, will likely prefer a night of sniffing butts to this latest Tim Allen stinker.
The latest mutation of a franchise that Disney probably should have had spayed or neutered years ago.
Manages to sail past many of the cliches usually found in this genre while throwing together a wild story line more apt for a new millennium.
Watching Tim Allen as a big, floppy sheepdog telling his wife he loves her, is about as funny as it gets.


@highlight

This Disney retread has neither inspiration nor originality, but may please moviegoers under the age of ten.