Un documentaire qui rend justice à un personnage fascinant, mais dont on aurait tout de même voulu en savoir davantage
While he was never a Top 40 hitmaker, Klaus Nomi was an important artist...and The Nomi Song is a cinematic anthem to his unorthodox individuality.
Like Nomi's work, there is some distinct style at play that reflects its subject matter.
A well-made doc of a beyond-description music act that combined cabaret, operatic falsetto, and the stark minimalism of a cheesy 1940 sci-fi pic.
The Nomi Song is pieced together from photos, performance footage, and talking-head interviews, but director Andew Horn has taken great care to fashion a strong story arc.
This is fascinating stuff if you know just the commercial side of that strange music and fashion ripple known as New Wave.
If retro ain't your thing, fear not; this doesn't feel dated in the least.
This film expertly captures the scenesters' singular, blinding devotion to art at all costs, as well as their playful and communal attitudes.
Mostly fascinating, but occasionally frustrating.
Paints a vivid portrait of the sense of play and possibility that animated the best of the punk and new wave movements.
This intriguingly well-made documentary tells us just about everything we could possibly want to know about the mesmerising 1970s singer.
Compassionate and critically astute.
A vivid portrait, not only of the man, but of an era, an era in which creativity ruled in a New York which, for all its vicissitudes, was far more welcoming to artists than it is now.
His career was brief but well-documented and Andrew Horn's loving tribute includes several complete performances.
[S]trange and fascinating ... gives off a rich whiff of the New York punk bohemia of the late 1970s and early '80s.
Amusingly and wistfully records how the artist and his crowd tried to make a success of it beyond the Mudd Club and other downtown haunts.
The Nomi Song should go a long way toward recementing this striking creature's legendary status.
Andrew Horn's film charts Nomi's remarkable rise, his brief cult fame and his untimely flameout in 1983 as one of the arts community's earliest AIDS fatalities.
The German native's weirdness makes David Bowie (a Nomi admirer) look like Josh Groban, and the movie honors that by indulging in its own brand of effective strangeness.
Nomi Song pays tribute to both the man born Klaus Sperber and his anything goes era.
...one of the most compelling acts most people have never heard of
honest and well articulated, but the picture they paint is far from compelling
Horn does more than simply pay homage to a late artist. He uses his subject to revisit the euphoria of artistic and musical culture at a crossroads, and in the process brings it, briefly and poignantly, back to life again.
Sketchy and unsatisfying.
Forget Devo, Nico, Bowie, or Beefheart: The most mesmerizing freak show in the history of rock & roll was Klaus Nomi.
A thorough if predictable Behind the Music episode.
If you never learn much about the man behind the mask, well, that's as Nomi would have wanted it.
Like most cult bios, this barely skims its subject's private life. Fortunately, there are copious clips of Nomi's mesmerizing performances.
It's a heartfelt tribute to a man who never felt loved enough.
The power of even the muddiest B&W images is remarkable, Nomi's delicate whiteface visage penetrating the murk, his falsetto pure and free of irony.
Chronicles the short and haunting life of Klaus Sperber, a trained classical singer from Essen, Germany, who came to New York as a young man in the late 1970's.
Horn, who knew Nomi, does an excellent job of evoking the exhilaratingly hedonistic period the film covers as well as the long shadow that the coming of AIDS casts over it.
On the one hand, this is standard-issue autobio documentary filmmaking; on the other, with Klaus Nomi as the focus of our attention, all conventional notions (and notions of convention) are altogether burned away.
An absorbing homage to obscure but fascinating late '70s-early '80s German stage artiste Klaus Nomi.
Made with considerable wit and style, Horn's thoughtful celebration of the era and its most uncanny diva could function as the show's supplement.
Andrew Horn compellingly chronicles Ziggy-Stardust-cum-Dieter avant-gardist Klaus Nomi's ability to tap into a missing link in the New York music scene.

@highlight

A fascinating, if occasionally frustrating, documentary about Klaus Nomi, a cult figure in the New Wave Underground scene during the '80s.