Thoughtful, personal drama, complex and with much to say.
A girl and a dog educate a small southern town.
A sweet film, laced with magic realism, and it tackles some rather dark themes in a way that is perfectly appropriate for young children.
Just the latest quasi-magic-realist, two-birds-with-one-stone shrine to non-traditional families and the power of myth
Because of Winn-Dixie does no harm, and it should appeal to younger children while charming more than a few adults.
Relentlessly cute and adorable, it at least has a slight sour edge that gives us above-8s something to cling to. Briefly.
A children's film that embraces storytelling modesty and a balanced view of the world as both depressing and joyous.
The untidy answers and selfless actions in Because of Winn-Dixie stand out from the family films populated with bratty kids and clueless adults.
A cloying 'family entertainment' filled to the bubbling brim with goody-goody intentions and, somehow, managing to deliver on none of them.
not heavy on plot, but it is a series of charming adventures with common, heart warming themes about finding friendship and dealing with hardship
The movie offers a loving but strikingly tempered assessment of family and town life that one seldom finds in today's raucous family films.
It's all very sweet, the acting is excellent, especially Tyson and young Ms. Robb. The dog is very good too.
I left the theater with joy in my heart. And it's all because of Winn-Dixie.
One of the bright spots in last few weeks.
About 110 minutes of well-meaning, benign unoriginality
Because of Winn-Dixie's heart-tugging sadness makes its joy even sweeter.
Starting with the dog, Wang's warm-and-fuzzy story could have used some careful trimming.
[It's] a delightfully moving experience... It's more than a good kids' movie; it's a good movie for everyone.
Despite its charm the material is simply too thin for 106 minutes of screen time.
Plenty entertaining and chock full of valuable lessons about friendship and respect.
If they let the dog go I think we'd have a better movie.
It's heavy on metaphor and voiceover, and weak on passion...
Like a big glass of milk and a slice of apple pie, Because of Winn-Dixie is just as wholesome as it gets, if you don't mind overdosing on the sugar once in awhile.
A sweet movie that takes its own sweet time in telling its story.
Some older viewers might be confused that director Wayne Wang offers no entry point for grownups. This is a kid's view of the world, free of irony and in-jokes.
For every scene where the shaggy dog gives a human-looking smile, there's another about the unavoidable sadness that comes with walking on two legs rather than four.
...wait til it hits cable...that goes for you too Dave Matthews fans.
Heart-warming, old-fashioned family fare
[T]his sweet-tempered adaptation is a film that parents and kids can enjoy together.
Because of Winn-Dixie should provide a pleasant family outing free of any cinematic mange.
Director Damien O'Donnell crafts this well-acted, funny, moving story that speaks to people's loneliness and the need to connect. This film is great for kids and adults alike.
An innocuous and sleepy-eyed kiddie fable that resonates occasionally in its tenderness. Intermittently dour and drab in some instances [but] also very charming and observant
The ideal candidate for a summer release, not a February schlep-off.
A spiritually uplifting old-fashioned shaggy-dog tale that is without guile.
An unhomogenized combination of formulaic family entertainment and cornpone Southern fable.
Because of Winn-Dixie, based on the much-praised children's book by Kate DiCamillo, is about loss and the ways people deal with it, but also about joy, hope and love.
Nothing more than a series of scenes, first cute, then sentimental, then funny, and then the cycle repeats itself.
The moment is so identical to a pivotal scene in Lars von Trier's Dogville that it makes one wonder if director Wayne Wang is intentionally paying homage.
Sincere rather than cynical.
So darn wholesome and good that it goes down like a cold glass of milk and is just about as exciting.
Fans of DiCamillo's book should be pleased with how Wang has faithfully preserved the novel's clear-eyed depiction of both pain and joy.
A whimsical family film about longing and belonging told with gentle humanity.
This simple coming-of-age tale tends to drift away on tangential story lines, but should still warm the hearts of audiences of all ages.
This is a so-so story that's told incorrectly.
Because of Winn-Dixie meets cute, but in the end it grates on the nerves.
[The movie] manages to eradicate any meaningful subtleties that are present in Kate DiCamillo's 2001 Newberry Award-winning children's book.
Winn-Dixie has a way of growing on you.
As family films go, Winn-Dixie is only mildly successful and a bit bland.
A refreshingly old-fashioned family movie that doesn't rely on smart-alecky humor or pop culture references to keep kids in their seats.
Because of Winn Dixie is a touching, sincere, heart-warming family film that nonetheless made me want to bail after about 30 minutes.
Because is proof positive that nostalgia and dogs go together like Winn and Dixie.
It's not that the film is a family classic; far from it. But the simple, heartwarming story of a girl and her dog, based on the popular book by Kate DiCamillo, should satisfy its 8- to 12-year-old target demographic.
Winn-Dixie has everything but the drama, and while that doesn't make it a dog, it never raises it above the status of stuffed toy.
Mildly diverting and way too long for a movie aimed at kids.
Has some wan jokes, incongruous slapstick and the occasional embarrassment, which may keep it from being as popular as the Newberry Award-winning novel by Kate DiCamillo.
The best of this year's family-friendly film explosion so far.
A dreary, uninspired tale.
Won't disappoint any elementary school kid or the moms and dads who treasure their dog-eared copies of Kate DiCamillo's Newbery-honored children's novel.
Inoffensive fodder for the family trade.
A thoughtful and sometimes poignant study of how a 10-year-old girl copes with loneliness.
This charming coming-of-age kiddie movie delivers the good.
This is a movie to take your kids to.
Parents who claim they crave thoughtful entertainment for their kids finally have a movie they can get behind.
Because of Winn-Dixie doesn't have a mean bone in its body, but it's dead in the water.
Manages to overcome the sense of its being overly familiar.
Doesn't exactly rise to the level of a family classic.
It makes a fine argument for what kid-friendly, Christian-compassionate entertainment can be.
A wonderful smiling sheepdog steals this heartwarming movie from its human actors.
It's so much more honest than the average Hollywood blather that I think you'll end up in my camp.
Without becoming particularly preachy or heavy-handed, 'Winn-Dixie' insists that acceptance and tolerance are integral parts of Christianity.
The unconditional love of a great dog can work miracles in anyone's life. Kids will love the dog and forget all the parts that don't work for them.
[The script] can never decide whether this is supposed to be an over-the-top comedy or a deeply moving drama -- and doesn't do that well at either.
In pace, sensibility, and big, beating heart, this is a child's first indie film, and it's the better for it.
Most of the time, you can't go wrong with kids and dogs. Then there's Because of Winn-Dixie.
Sure, there's nothing here that hasn't already been covered in a Hallmark movie, but it's still refreshing to find a well-made, enjoyable film for families.
There's bad, there's "so bad it's good"... and then there's this moronic film.
Because of Winn-Dixie-based on the beloved novel by Kate DiCamillo-turns out to be a modest success for the family crowd.
[S]mart and sweet but unsentimental and warmly genuine in its portrait of childhood innocence and the adventure of growing up...
I wanted to like Winn-Dixie ... I just didn't believe it.
A breath of fresh air within this genre...
A simple, slow-moving, shaggy-dog story that has enough charm to keep us involved but not enough dramatic tension to rise above the ordinary.
It has old-fashioned and heartwarming written all over it, in heavy black Magic Marker.
Winn-Dixie is simply an episodic film, and not a particularly inviting one at that.
Such a misfire that even the title can think of nothing else but to blame the poor dog.
Not the movie audiences anticipate, even when it acquiesces to convention.
while Wang hits some high notes with a few scattered flights of fancy, he mostly bungles this girl and her dog tale with painfully awkward direction and mind-numbing treacle
strong appearances by top talent in the adult roles and graceful evocation of a gently rural community by director Wayne Wang keep it for the most part more sweet than sugary.
The sum of its parts could have added up to much more than it does. Then again, let's be thankful for small victories. It could have been Are We There Yet?
Family-friendly charmer.
Director Wayne Wang and screenwriter Joan Singleton have crafted an utterly faithful film adaptation of Kate DiCamillo's affecting Newbery Honor story.
Cozy and homespun, Because of Winn-Dixie is the movie equivalent of a grilled cheese sandwich or Patsy Cline's voice.
A lopsided but fitfully pleasant daydream for young girls looking to discover their inner hostess: a dog-slobbered Martha Stewart: The Early Years.
A touching story about a young girl and her dog, Because of Winn-Dixie is quintessentially cute.
Though [Jeff] Daniels brings his usual quiet nuance and understated comedy to the role of the grieving preacher, there's no redeeming this slavishly folksy betrayal of what can be dimly discerned of an absorbing and original tale of pain overcome.
Bland, amiable, innocuous.
Wayne Wang's Because of Winn-Dixie tries hard to be sweet but plays like Pollyanna with fleas.
It's refreshingly free of the overadrenalized overkill and/or saccharine manipulations of so many kid movies.
Quite a bit better than the dog-movie cliches the trailer suggests Like Miss Franny's semi-magical candies, it is both sweet and sad, a blend that does the heart good.
The new My Girl-meets-Turner & Hooch-meets-My Dog Skip film from the formerly formidable but recently forgettable director Wayne Wang.
Wang...is aiming for quirkiness here, but he never gets beyond cloying.
The artificial, manufactured feel of "Because of Winn Dixie" kept me at arm's length
...too aggressively cute and sappy, relying on close-ups and standard slapstick montages instead of establishing a genuine emotional connection with the audience.
It's makers would like it to become an instant classic of the genre, but at best it's an amiable but mediocre formula flick more suitable for the home screen than a theatre.
To Winn-Dixie's great credit, both as a book and as a dandy, dignified movie, there's nothing condescendingly lesson-like in the wisdom India acquires.
Has its charms though it's no 'Lassie Come Home'
A sometimes sweet film, it produces a high fidget factor due to its excessive length and thin plot.
Despite director Wayne Wang's flair for vehicles about characters seeking to fill a void in their lives, he never achieves the right balance here.
The story seems awkwardly positioned between coming-of-age realism and whimsical fantasy.
A story that can't help but touch your heartstrings. The dog is cute and loveable, but 9 year old Opal's ingenuous personality brightens all the lonely people. I loved it.
It's like one half of a Willa Cather novel: The moral backbone is there but its social spine has been ripped out.
Uneven though it is, Because of Winn-Dixie, based on Kate Di Camillo's novel, is tough to dislike.
A magical story about a lonely girl whose life is transformed by a smiling stray dog who has a spiritual gift for creating community and bringing joy to everyone.









@highlight

An old-fashioned, if bland, adaptation of Kate DiCamillo's novel.