A genuinely creepy offering in a world filled with contrived bland dramas posing as thrillers.
The only real mystery ... is what is this great ensemble cast doing in such a poorly executed movie?
The voodoo lore is sketchy (it can't hurt unbelievers, except when it can), the plot obviously little but build-up to the big reveal.
Reinvigorates the supernatural thriller genre with a much needed infusion of new ideas and just plain nasty, digital-free mischief.
A paint-by-numbers supernatural thriller that's more interesting for its locations than for its story.
Pretty much what you would expect from the screenwriter of disappointing films such as Scream 3, Reindeer Games and Arlington Road.
Es predecible y soporífera, llena de clichés y lugares comunes, sin lograr crear nunca la atmósfera adecuada para que el espectador logre una conexión emocional
Unlocks a mystery, but the journey is fraught with the familiar.
Its ultimate twist is both admirable and startling, making this savory gumbo worth a nibble.
The script is clever and witty enough to get by, and the cute blonde heroine is smart and resourceful enough that the script never seems sexist.
The film's lush atmosphere is a thin smokescreen to hide the fact that its formulaic underpinnings prevent it from approaching anything that is truly scary or unsettling
The Skeleton Key is one hoodoo of a movie--literally. It's a movie about hoodoo, voodoo and cheap thrills set in a Louisiana backwater.
An intriguing and eerie film that becomes more chilling every minute
A Nightmare with Mr. Kruger
A blundering New Orleans-set thriller under the spell of archaic stereotypes about Southern Bayou blacks.
That old black magic is back in theaters this summer, bottled up in a frightful delight that just might rattle your bones.
O que me leva a recomendar esta produção é seu desfecho - uma conclusão que respeita a lógica interna da trama.
There are enough surprises to let you leave the theater mostly satisfied, if not exactly transformed.
Here, take your worst-director prize from the Joe Bob Briggs Drive-in Movie Awards and don't let us catch you filming Kate Hudson topless, from behind, ever again!
Interminable from minute one...
Blame screenwriter Ehren Kruger (Arlington Road). I can't tell if this hit-and-miss scribe is a remarkably talented guy who's unfortunately had a few misfires or if his few good scripts were just the result of a large amount of blind luck.
Now you've heard about the twist ending...it's not giving anything away to say that there IS one, and it's a doozy.
The intended surprises aren't all that surprising.
Totally derivative but still a respectable genre exercise.
A missed opportunity, but one with enough rewards along the way to make it worth seeing in spite of itself.
Turn with caution!
Here's a B-movie that knows it's a B-movie, yet is intent on being a really good B-movie. And it is.
A predictably tepid plate of bland rice, rather than the authentic jambalaya that its spicy ending would have you believe.
...offers Hudson a chance to do something more than beam at us with that sunny, moony face.
One of those thrillers that constantly has us shouting advice at the screen - until the heartening realization sinks in that it's not quite as dopey as we think.
More thriller than horror movie, "Skeleton Key" is the latest in a brood of PG-13-rated so-called horror movies developed to draw in the junior-high and high-school crowd.
[D]oesn't seem to promise much going in ... but its eerie premise lingers in your mind. It may not qualify as a true ghost story, but it's still pretty haunting.
The Skeleton Key conjures a spooky atmosphere steeped in the mystique of folk magic and medicine and suspicion of the deep South.
It may not be high art but it sure is fun.
This is a moody, creepy thriller with some genuinely scary moments and a couple of twists that took me completely by surprise.
The few scares present are cheaply delivered, and Kate Hudson continues her streak of mediocrity in below-mediocre movies.
A top-notch cast was gathered and then wasted in this atmospheric but prosaic hoodoo spooker.
Skeleton Key is for the most part neither horrifying nor thrilling, and its mystery is mostly related to trying to figure out what the filmmakers were thinking.
...a callow and creepy country-fried caper that engages in cheap-minded scare tactics...about as exciting as sipping mint julep on a scorching August afternoon
... this isn't a horror film, but its black heart is in the right place...
A creepy, atmospheric and lushly filmed supernatural thriller
It's all a lot of hoodoo.
The meandering, but occasionally effective film relies on a semi-logical and semi-satisfying twist ending to patch over myriad flaws in logic and storytelling.
If the movie doesn't exactly compliment your intelligence, at least it doesn't insult it, either.
Director Ian Softley seems shamelessly more interested in getting Kate Hudson into gratuitous shower scenes than into the nuances of her character.
Doesn't have your standard 'Hollywood' ending...and that's a good thing.
The Skeleton Key delivers on all formulaic counts, except one: It never serves up any truly nightmare-inspiring scares.
A diverting, stylish thriller that, despite pivoting on that and other whoppers, deserves credit for creating an authentic, original vibe.
This is essentially a haunted-house horror flick that starts off with effectively eerie scenes but devolves into a forced and mildly ridiculous ghost story.
Criminal waste of talent.
Somewhere past the one-hour mark, it's hard not to start rooting for the bad juju.
There's lots of bad stuff brewing on the bayou in this occasionally scary but more often silly movie, which wastes some good actors along the way.
A well-intentioned horror film that is weighted down by stellar cast members who for the most part act as if they don't want to be there.
As terror it is comedy.
This movie is channeling something quite wonderful and distinct: old-gal horror.
I will give the film credit for its ending... but a five minute capper is hardly worth 100 minutes of crapper.
The film offers a rich gumbo of menace, mystery and magic - and then lets it go cold and mushy in a rainstorm of Hollywood haunted-house huggermugger.
Rowlands' hilarious conviction added to her cracked Southern Belle keeps the movie consistently watchable.
The Skeleton Key is a hoodoo puzzle that's more interesting than scary.
After getting off to a decent, somewhat muted start, Skeleton Key just gets sillier and sillier and sillier until it's yet another one of those stupid, noisy thrillers where everyone's running around in a house, yelling and falling down.
It's basically Rosemary's Baby, Cajun style, with a pinch of Amityville Horror for kick.
The Skeleton Key is strictly summer schlock.
Though the story is as creaky as a plantation porch, Iain Softley's lushly atmospheric The Skeleton Key does offer a few nifty twists on the classic 'woman in peril' picture.
The problem for fright seekers is that the spooky stuff takes too long to develop, then only manages a confusing conclusion.
A mediocre, by-the-numbers experience.
Neither scary nor thrilling, although it's reasonably entertaining despite an abundance of haunted-house cliches, the usual inexplicable scary-movie behavior and an almost-naked John Hurt.
A sluggish ghost story that would have trouble scaring a toddler.
An interesting, well-acted mystery that desperately wants to be terrifying but never quite makes it.
Worth seeing.
A great little nightmare while it is unfolding.
A formulaic fear-fest with a bare-bones plot, The Skeleton Key is more moody than scary, and Hudson's heroine is unsympathetic.
A stylishly made but disappointingly lightweight psychological horror tale set in the bayou.
This is [Kate Hudson] slumming for cash by appearing in a schlocky psychological thriller that's supposed to have a supposed air of dignity.
A pretty good movie.
Offers a supernatural enactment of Malcolm X's warning about the chickens coming home to roost, as well as a bitter satire of assimilation...
The Skeleton Key looks great and oozes atmosphere, but unfortunately it's the atmosphere of hundreds of haunted house movies before it.
The best thing about The Skeleton Key is that it is not a remake of a recent Japanese horror film. The second best thing is that it is pretty scary.
More of a suspense thriller than a supernatural thriller. But it's just not thrilling enough.
The movie ultimately comes off as a kind of wannabe that doesn't get where it wants to go.
The Skeleton Key opens a very different door into its tale of black magic in a Louisiana plantation home.
If you merely want to get a couple of jolts in the supernatural vein, Skeleton Key will suit.
While it has its jumpy moments, it's really more of a suspense movie and mystery than a horror film.
A great twist ending can't save all that came before it.
This nasty little movie is communicating with regional and racial cliches from beyond the grave.
Armed with an idiotic lead, a rambling unfocused story, and an ending transparent enough to make the audience laugh out loud at the screen.
equal parts creepy and corny, although the campier elements of the material eventually float to the surface to overwhelm the thrills, just like a hungry gator in the swamp.
The Skeleton Key isn't exactly dull...but it isn't scary either.
The setup to this haunted bayou tale isn't particularly exceptional, but the finale is eerie and downright fascinating.
Spooky yet shallow, finding bizarre, brooding tension in what's behind that ominous, forbidding door - to scare you on a hot summer's night.
Dateline: August 5, 2016. A couple sits in their den, watching cable television.
This might have had a higher popcorn-throwing factor if it didn't have so many things that are just silly... it needed Papa Justify to conjure up some magic to make it work.
There's a refreshing cleanliness and sparseness to the storytelling here -- no digressions into drawn-out horror set pieces, no gratuitous displays of violence and gore.
...the cinematic equivalent of a campfire story, a spooky tale with a few twists in store, sending you off to bed with a delicious shudder.
has enough tension and scares to keep you interested until it delivers a fantastic ending
Nothing in the South can rise again without being overcome by hundreds of years of homespun logic and Ehren Kruger clichés.
a parade of phony horror clichés meant to generate predictably cheap scares
Hoodoo can't hurt you if you don't believe; unfortunately, it can't scare you either.
Think of The Skeleton Key as 'blonde voodoo' and don't take it too seriously; it's casts a fun enough scary spell.
In a rare moment for the genre, it does get better as it rolls along, and that's good enough for me.
It's far from strikingly original, but it's well-acted, skillfully plotted and moderately chilling, and it's something slightly different in the haunted-house genre.
Tightly plotted and suspenseful enough to keep you guessing.
One of the most enjoyably inane movies of the season, this faux Southern Gothic offers an embarrassment of geek pleasures.
Even with all its florid melodrama, The Skeleton Key seems slow as molasses and not nearly as tasty.
Serviceable but ultimately disappointing.
The Skeleton Key is more creaky than creepy, like visiting an expensive haunted house.
...while not actually scary, features terrific Southern Gothic production design, credible acting and a fairly effective twist ending
[The ending] doesn't quite compensate for the predictable hokum that precedes it.
A spellbinding chiller.
An OK late-summer time killer.
It's not until the final 10 minutes, when all the obvious exposition is out of the way, that Skeleton Key really gets going. But by then you already know what monsters are hiding in the attic.
Ghosts threaten to make matters miserable for the living, sort of like The Skeleton Key. As Peter Sarsgaard says...too convincingly, 'All I know is the checks clear.'
For a widescreen studio creeper, Skeleton Key may not be The Others, but it at least invites comparison.
Utter hooey...more likely to leave you shaking with laughter than with fright.
Has its merits, mostly of the visual & aural variety, but thrill-seekers looking for a reason to keep the lights on at bedtime are bound to feel more than a little gypped.
The Skeleton Key is an old-fashioned movie -- more spooky than scary, more hinted at than spelled out, more Henry James than Stephen King.
A gumbo of silly mumbo-jumbo no more frightening than a Mardi Gras mask.
The Skeleton Key is one of those movies that explains too much while it is explaining too little, and leaves us with a surprise at the end that makes more sense the less we think about it. But the movie's mastery of technique makes up for a lot.
As theme-park attractions go, one can do worse.
The Hollywood cliche factory got its mojo working overtime on this one.
[T]here's some remarkable psychological insight in this scary little movie. Which isn't to say that it isn't all utter nonsense, either...
Screenwriter Ehren Kruger's latest illiterate piece of crap.
The Skeleton Key delivers its share of cheap scares but never unlocks the door to the creepiness that would have made this is memorable movie-going experience.
The finale, instead of tying the story together, is simply bewildering.
A first-rate concept for a spine-tingling tale...rendered impotent by bland, generic execution.
a turgid flick that drifts as it goes through the motions of being a horror film.
The writer of something as masterfully drawn as "Arlington Road" proves his mettle with well written characters and Softley sticks admirably to the restraints of the premise.
A 'scary' movie that isn't scary, The Skeleton Key ranges from deadly dull to perfectly predictable.
Full props for story and acting, even if the slow pace and predictable racial profiling of this thriller half-mires it into the Louisiana swamps it celebrates.
For anyone zombified by creaky thriller cliches, Skeleton is a fine little shot in the head.
Southern-fried mumbo-jumbo has its gothic moments but the abysmal finale is unforgivable.
Engrossing, nice atmosphere, and with a clever twist.
Creaky in its mechanics and numbingly protracted, this is basement B horror that fancies itself a prestige chiller.
Casts a rather weak spell.
In the tradition of Angel Heart, it looks to stir cultural anxiety by introducing a pretty white thing into a sinister world where "black" magic reigns supreme.
A thoroughly gripping slice of American Gothic.
Atmospheric thriller that has its daft moments but redeems itself with a genuinely shocking climax.
Eerie rather than scary, all signs point to the predictable -- but it does manage a U-turn into the provocative.
Only die-hard Hudson fans or desperate horror junkies will find The Skeleton Key worth unlocking.
Kruger's surprise ending fails to pack the kind of wallop to justify the momentary head-scratching, while there are too few moments leading up to the big reveal that will give audiences the kind of jolt they're expecting.
The Skeleton Key is unable to ward off the nasty spirits of formula screenwriting.
Lushly atmospheric and sporadically scary, this supernatural horror relies on characters and actors rather than effects but is defeated by cliches and illogical confrontations
A preposterously enjoyable Southern gothic thriller.










@highlight

Thanks to its creaky and formulaic script, The Skeleton Key is more mumbo-jumbo than hoodoo and more dull than scary.