Worthy of its Palme D'Or win at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
It's impossible to watch this movie without being forced to cope with bouts of sadness and helplessness -- it's honest and uncompromising, although moments of humor do manage to break loose.
[Ken] Loach is British cinema's Charles Dickens - a humanist who deserves to be long remembered for holding up a mirror to society with compelling stories and indelible characters.
... confronts that reality and those characters from an angle that allows them to become a kind of mirror held up before Britain - a mirror showing images that are ominously critical, yet crystalline in their humanity.
I, Daniel Blake finds plenty to be angry about as his titular hero struggling to make his way through the welfare state.
There's no pat solution here, but Daniel has one Pyrrhic victory worth a cheer.
I, Daniel Blake is a frustrating movie to watch unfold for all the right reasons; it really gets under your skin and will have you angry at the degrading mistreatment by businesses and governments toward working-class citizens
The director, rather than depicting his village, not only shows his country, but the society in which many of us live around the world. [Full review in Spanish]
Laverty has crafted an irresistible lead character in Daniel Blake.
It's a heartwarming, heartrending and heartbreaking portrait - and it'll leave you in tears.
What ensues may be less than subtle, but makes Dickens' Circumlocution Office look straightforward -- and should be compulsory viewing for the current Cabinet.
Newcastle-born stand-up comedian Dave Johns plays this largely non-comedic part with understated warmth.
Not many filmmakers are as skilled as Loach in putting such struggles at the center of their movies.
British director Ken Loach is one of those rare filmmakers who infuses absorbing narratives with a sharp social critique.
For a taste of real populism, you could do a lot worse than check out the latest film from veteran British director Ken Loach: I, Daniel Blake.
I, Daniel Blake is the plea of a good man before an indifferent society, not so different from that made by Arthur Miller in Death of a Salesman. Before, as now: attention must be paid. [Full review in Spanish]
Whichever side you come down on, Johns' and Squires' low-key performances are impressive, and the technological/red-tape hurdles their characters face feel stingingly accurate.
The title I, Daniel Blake is an act of self-naming, a declaration of personhood in the face of a system that fails to treat people with dignity.
With this film, the director continues to show a strength, a vitality and a coherence that not many young colleagues can show. [Full review in Spanish]
The director captures his pessimistic view of the world in this film that, while it's not his best film, has that personal touch of the out-of-season man who identifies him. [Full review in Spanish]
It's one of the year's essential releases - maybe its most essential.
... at once an angry assault on a bureaucracy that treats people as case numbers to be filed and shuffled on, a defiant cry for dignity and respect for the folks at the bottom of the social ladder, and a touching portrait of human compassion ...
A harrowing story that sets the hairs on end, the triumph of time and disappointment. [Full review in Spanish]
Politically, of course, it cleaves to the left, yet by temperament it shrinks from progress.
It's certainly no surprise that "I, Daniel Blake" won the Palme d'or at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival. Only a cretin wouldn't fall for such legitimate humanity.
If you choose to see this one -- and it is well worth a look -- you might want to make plans to get some ice cream or something after to cheer you up.
It's another example of [Loach's] brand of keenly-observed social realism, with moments that are genuinely touching.
I, Daniel Blake is a tragic, moving, not to mention infuriating portrait of a decaying society.
I, Daniel Blake, is a film imbued with dignity, grace and great sadness -- as well as a bit of humor and a lot of anger.
Writer-director Ken Loach has been making movies about the British working class since the mid-60s, and this masterful dramatic feature proves that even after all these years he can still work himself up into righteous, white-hot rage.
This is a simple story about a hot topic. It's wonderfully told, full of deep compassion, scalding rage and surprising humor. It's not to be missed.
One of the best pictures of the year...for about an hour.
Johns makes it all bearable. Inviting, even. His performance has such a gentle humanity, even (especially) in the darkest scenes that you can't turn away.
Most political in its insistence that the smallest "I" matters, but as at his best, like his 1990s work... Loach's film is about empathy, a portrait of ordinary people, blunt, bracing yet loving and far, far from mere polemic.
It's been a year since I, Daniel Blake won the prestigious Palme d'Or, and the neo-realist critique of the U.K.'s public-assistance bureaucracy is no less urgent today.
It's a film about the unsustainable condition of being poor and alive, which admittedly sounds like a grueling experience. But I, Daniel Blake seeks understanding -- it seeks to connect -- and understanding is innately hopeful.
Loach's half-century long efforts in his many films about the working class haven't always succeeded, but he's always tried. For the most part, this time he's succeeded beautifully.
I, Daniel Blake is stark, plainspoken and predictable. Maybe a movie that makes the case for treating society's most vulnerable people with respect should be.
Loach has created a modest but moving film that triumphs as a social drama, a friendship tale, and a trip through the world of job centers and food banks.
...a socially relevant and poignant character study about the losing battle of an average guy against a system that sure does seem to not care.
For the iconoclastic film director Ken Loach and his longtime screenwriting collaborator Paul Laverty, I, Daniel Blake represents their most accessible film ever.
Brims with spirit, sympathy and candor as it tackles the catastrophic displacement brought on by economic and technological change.
It's enough to make you want to scream, except you don't have to scream. Ken Loach does the screaming for you.
Loach and Johns have made a call for change and understanding that is empathetic, conscientious, and magnificently moving.
You'd be hardpressed to find a more sobering portrayal of a losing streak taking over a life.
The film is so tightly written, the characters so well developed and the execution so perfect that if Loach retired from filmmaking tomorrow, this heartbreaking working class film would be a fitting coda... to a career that has been firm in its mission.
A champion of the underdog, Loach has found his surrogate in Dave Johns, whose righteous anger lives unopposed with his generosity of spirit and dignity.
A bittersweet and hopeless portrait of how unfair life can be. [Full review in Spanish]
A very sensitive and humane story with outstanding performances by Dave Johns and Hayley Squires. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that asks us to accompany a man oppressed by a system that hungers for himself that pushes aside all those he does not consider productive enough. [Full review in Spanish]
Utimately this political film's sentimentality and transparency detract from its power.
Sounds a bit dry? I, Daniel Blake is anything but, British humour being the indefatigable thing that it is, especially the finely tuned sarcasm of the eternally depressed north.
It will touch all but the most hard-hearted; in fact, I dare you to remain unmoved by its emotional finale.
A film of empathy, grace and wit that goes a long way to explaining the populist anger so emblematic of these times.
Often funny and sweet, it's a nonetheless damning indictment of the Tory government's punitive, belt-tightening austerity measures and a rallying cry for its victims, told in a fiercely unapologetic way.
I, Daniel Blake is passionate filmmaking to its very core, as well as the rare art house effort that could stand a chance with mainstream audiences.
Told bluntly but with the utmost in dignity and empathy, this is a film that has the power to change minds and shift preconceived perceptions.
An emotionally powerful dissection of a nightmarish system tips into unnecessary polemic, falling short of the state of a nation piece it could have been.
Loach's downtrodden heroes usually find some way to sustain hope, in family or in humor, in individual ingenuity or collective kindness. But this time, the filmmaker's own anger at systemic, interminable inequities threatens to overcome his optimism.
There's a heightened edge to I, Daniel Blake, an embittered streak of comedy that keeps the otherwise miserable plot from weighing too heavily.
Frank, unsentimental but fuelled by good nature and an earthy humour, the film reminds you of Loach's great works in the early '90s like Raining Stones and Ladybird, Ladybird.
In the end, the title, seemingly unremarkable, reveals itself as especially poignant. Daniel is crying out for recognition as an "I" -- even if he can't contribute, even if he needs help for a while.
This new Ken Loach landmark sums up everything that has kept his muckraking motor running for decades. An old-school social realist, the 80-year-old filmmaker again speaks up for the exploited lower classes,
If you want reality -- if you want an idea, for one, as to how the British people could become so despairing that they would do something as drastic as vote to leave the European Union -- see I, Daniel Blake.
Loach's film isn't as stridently political as it probably sounds. These are just proud people who want to be treated with respect.
Grim drama about heartless welfare system; language.
Ken Loach's I, Daniel Blake is so unyieldingly empathetic that even its bleakest moments carry an air of triumph.
I, Daniel Blake undoubtedly has its heart in the right place; it's a shame that Loach and Laverty's good intentions haven't resulted, in the end, in better cinema.
Loach's low-key naturalism, which barely masks his fury at the injustices perpetrated on screen, is matched by Dave Johns's performance as Daniel.
A hectoring political op-ed about The State Of Britain Today, but when you've been hectored by Loach, you've been hectored by the very best.
Equally heartwarming and heartbreaking. A testament to the humanism of writer/director Ken Loach
While it lacks subtlety, the film captures the frustration of the working class, which is the filmmaker's hallmark, through a character that earns our sympathy and might also share our fury.
Nobility and dignity for the ordinary person are values Loach has always championed, and they are at the very heart of I, Daniel Blake.
Cinema has the power to open our eyes to the world's issues and offer a path forward if we're willing to take it. I, Daniel Blake is a great example and should not be missed.
I, Daniel Blake is an important story, perfect for today's world, Loach once again proving that, even at 80 years of age, he's not done telling it as it is, and that's a wondrous thing indeed.
Loach makes movies that are refreshingly honest in their approach and unflinching in their reaction to injustice.
I, Daniel Blake is an extremely Ken Loach-y Ken Loach film, for better and for worse.
"I, Daniel Blake" is a powerful return to form for Mr. Loach, the much-honored left-wing British filmmaker who is now 80 and is still in full command as a filmmaker and a social critic.
The movie is filled with sympathetic solidarity for those like Daniel who work hard, treat everyone decently, receive small acts of personal kindness from decent ordinary people, and still get ground down by [the] system.
Ken Loach's heartrending drama follows a widowed British carpenter struggling to keep an inhuman social services bureaucracy from turning him into just another number.
Some nightmares play out in ornate and stylized fashion, while others are categorized by a slow drip of disasters and frustrations. I, Daniel Blake, the new movie from Ken Loach, locates itself squarely within the latter category.
[A] combination of traditional movie naturalism and still-seething anger is at the rabble-rousing heart of "I, Daniel Blake," Loach's latest clear-eyed bulletin from the world of the dispossessed.
"I, Daniel Blake" speaks to anyone who's ever had to deal with our horrible modern world, made up of equal parts Kafka and Orwell ...
Award-winning film that will draw out your empathy for those coping with poverty and the bureaucracy of England's welfare system.
When the system is rigged, trying to do the right thing wears a man down.
The ironic thing is that even when Ken Loach has made something that feels topical, it's really just Loach doing Loach. He's always done his thing, whether anyone, particularly anyone in power, was paying attention.
In a world that seems to be getting worse with every passing minute, I, Daniel Blake is a sobering but inspiring pleasure - easily one of the best films of the year.
It constantly hectors the viewer. But it never feels quite genuine.
A scalding, perfectly wrought film about a man's struggle to assert his dignity in a bureaucratic system that's rigged to destroy it.
Once I, Daniel Blake got underway I found it difficult to pretend that I didn't know exactly where it was headed, even as I choked back tears.
A scathing indictment of how the government of an industrialized country treats working taxpayers who become disabled and must jump through hoops for a minimal income on the dole.
A film with protagonists that strive to extract tender moments and comical relief from day to day. [Full review in Spanish]
Loach really rages against the machine here - emphatically, heroically, stoically - but the true heart of the film, the friendship between Daniel and Katie, is touching and sincere.
There's also no avoiding the passion and fury that drives I, Daniel Blake, or its attempts at shining a light where it's needed most.
Among the many attractions of the beguiling I, Daniel Blake is [Loach's] gift for gallows humour.
People such as Dan and Katie are usually just statistics: by allowing us to get to know the reality, humanity and heartbreak behind these statistics, Loach has made one of his finest films.
Dave Johns gives impeccable timing to his character's exasperation but real heart to the movie's emotional core
A movie that you can not end without having any posture or idea about the subject. [Full review in Spanish]
Incredibly well researched, written, directed and performed, I, Daniel Blake refuses to be ignored and spoken down to.
I, Daniel Blake is an important story, powerfully told. But Loach's message would have been even more affecting had he delivered it in a slightly less didactic manner.
As he has always done, Loach simply sticks to carving off a slice of life as authentically as he possibly can, and then lets the remarkably realistic results speak for themselves.
It is simple storytelling at its most powerful.
This is a great film by an important lone voice.
There's a sense of despondency about Ken Loach's latest film as it describes the plight of a decent man whose self-respect is throttled by bureaucracy.
[It's] good politics but bad drama.
A climactic emotional explosion momentarily turns Daniel into something of a working-class hero, although Loach could take up that mantle himself.
I, Daniel Blake isn't a film; it's a war cry for change.
While it's a typically plain-looking Loach film, there's grim poetry in the script by Paul Laverty, his eighth for the director. You could write songs from some of the lines.
The common person's masterpiece.
Loach returned to cinema staying true to his style, appealing to his social humanism with this film. [Full review in Spanish]
A powerful, important piece of work that sheds light on the treatment of decent people by an increasingly dehumanised state.
Lefty, loud, proud (and heartbreaking and infuriating with it). Rages against systems once meant to help people that have become machines intended to crush them.
The film's deftness of touch makes it extremely watchable and nowhere near as turgid as it sounds.
If at times the plotting feels a little manufactured to make certain points, the humanity of the characters and their quiet suffering is moving and aided by outstanding performances; especially from Squires.
A gut-wrenching tragicomic drama (about "a monumental farce") that blends the timeless humanity of the Dardenne brothers' finest works with the contemporary urgency of Loach's own 1966 masterpiece Cathy Come Home.
With I, Daniel Blake, his latest film and one of his finest, Loach's talent for humour runs through the entire work.
At every turn, Loach's humanism -- his total commitment to the specifics of the situations his characters find themselves in -- transcends all other political labels.
I Daniel, Blake is a deeply humane film but I would quibble with what passes for Loach's humour -- it seems grafted on after the serious bits have been dreamed up and gotten out of the way.
Comedian Dave Johns is perfect for the dry, canny wit and foul-mouthed invective Loach's usual writer Paul Laverty gives Daniel.
Blazing with righteous ire and brimming with compassion, I, Daniel Blake is both a damning portrait of austerity Britain and a tender tribute to human resilience and fellowship.
His name is Ken Loach. He makes Ken Loach films. And this is his best in a generation.
A realist melodrama that offers little to no nuance.
The bluntly black-and-white approach to characterisation is all that jolts you from an otherwise absorbing narrative.
I, Daniel Blake is a small film about unheard voices that punches above its weight, made all the more relevant in the wake of the EU referendum.
Loach is a remarkably accomplished film-maker, with an amazing body of work, but this is not him at the top of his game. Which is not to say I don't recommend seeing it.
This great British film is guaranteed to make you think and make you feel.
While it too often sands the complications off what you sense should feel like an uncomfortably splintery issue, in its best moments, it's a quietly fearsome piece of drama.
A film with a message in danger of becoming obsolete for a public that needs other representations of economic inequalities far from the cliche of misery.[Full review in Spanish]
Packs a shockingly honest punch.
Fearsomely moving (I cried), and fearsomely tender (I cried again).
Very few people can hit you in the thoracic cavity like Loach.
Filled with tender moments and warm humour, but shot through with righteous fury over social injustice, this is a passionate and vitally important film that demands to be seen.
The 80-year-old director still has plenty of fire in his belly. Warm, belligerent and, in places, unbearably moving.
Loach scans the contemporary landscape, and instead of a firebrand approach of stereotype, delivers a film of immense sadness.
The greatest virtue of I, Daniel Blake is its patience in confronting painstakingly the incremental humiliations visited on the neediest in society.
Ken Loach at his very best. It might be subtitled "Why Jeremy Corbyn became Labour leader". Succeeds as social commentary and as the story of an individual.
It's pock-marked by the conservative dramatic conventions and overt political gestures that have marred much of Ken Loach's recent output.
Witty, tender and oh so relevant, it's a lot more fun than it sounds.
A timely example of protest filmmaking that speaks to audience's hearts.
Like most of Loach and Laverty's recent output, this is a solidly crafted drama with a couple of piercing moments. But it's also a movie designed to make a point rather than tell a story.
Defiantly old school, ... it had heart and was undeniably moving, leaving the audience teary-eyed.
I, Daniel Blake is a problematic, but important critique of the British social system.
I, Daniel Blake is as timely today as was Kes in the late 60s or Raining Stones in the 90s.
The director shows that he have the most lucid mind throughout his career. [Full review in Spanish]
Loach and Laverty's hearts are in the right place, as ever. It's their spleens, which definitely do not work a dream, that they need to monitor.
No one possesses the ability to depict the social issues and inequalities plaguing Great Britain quite like Ken Loach and his loyal co-writer Paul Laverty.
Quietly dismissing rumblings about Jimmy's Hall being his final film, I, Daniel Blake sees Ken Loach in especially endearing form.
I, Daniel Blake is a dignified film containing moments of hilarity and genuine heartbreak. It's a movie dripping with social relevance and shines a light on the red tape bureaucracy that cripples those that are in most need of help.
Everything is very noble and the political correctness is added to the film sober correction. However, screenwriter Paul Laverty frequently resorts to sentimentality to make clearer the drama of Daniel Blake. [Full review in spanish]
Loach doesn't give a break neither to the poor protanonist or the scared viewer. Everything that he display emerges truth, anger, indignation and denial from that prestigious and unreal thing called social justice. [Full review in Spanish]
The problem is that with the course of time, the director's speach has become very thin, and for a few moments it looks like a self-parody. [Full review in spanish]
The film has some hard dramatic sequences that some considered excessive, but the performances make this a complete cinematic experience. [Full review in Spanish]
The story deffinately works on paper, but some elements just don't really translate well to the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
The film compiles tragedies and over does it, it's scenes are predictable and it ends up retelling the hardships the characters have experimented, over, and over again. [Full review in Spanish]
A corker of social-realist agitprop, choicely filmed by Robbie Ryan.
[CANNES 2016] Dramatically understated, and yet precisely composed, the film breathes with authenticity and unaffected emotion.
At 80, though, the director hasn't lost his knack for telling stories about marginalised characters with wit, anger and humanity.
There's a combination of tenderness, simplicity, and political awareness to the script that few, if any, current writer-director combos are able to harness.
Ken Loach returns to Cannes with a bleak, brilliant, unflinching and heartfelt take on a family under the dark cloud of austerity.
Despite its flaws and predictability, it's hard not to be won over by the warmth of its human spirit, as it confronts a subject that sadly remains just as relevant as ever.
"A fierce and often funny polemic designed to leave a lump in your throat and a fire in your belly."
A spare film, muted in colour - and all the more powerful and urgent for it.
While it too often sands the complications off what you sense should feel like an uncomfortably splintery issue, in its best moments, it's a quietly fearsome piece of drama.
A succinct and furious raging against the dying of the light.
"I, Daniel Blake" is one of Loach's finest films, a drama of tender devastation that tells its story with an unblinking neorealist simplicity that goes right back to the plainspoken purity of Vittorio De Sica.
This film intervenes in the messy, ugly world of poverty with the secular intention of making us see that it really is happening, and in a prosperous nation, too. I, Daniel Blake is a movie with a fierce, simple dignity of its own.
While it might not break new ground, there is no denying the potency of the film's empathetic anguish and fury.
While the framework and perspective are familiar, the veteran Brit director's films can still have the power to grip us in an emotional chokehold.

@highlight

I, Daniel Blake marks yet another well-told chapter in director Ken Loach's powerfully populist filmography.