Zathura is a space circus of the surreal that recalls a time when the likes of Joe Dante ruled the pre-adolescent pop sphere.
It doesn't talk down its audience, it doesn't paint clichés, it doesn't insult our intelligence, and its entertainment is enjoyable for both adults and children. That's rare.
At times it seemed like events were occurring just so the kids, or the kids in the audience, could learn their lesson a little bit more.
A lively, imaginative tall tale that should thrill young audiences and engage their parents.
A practically-perfect family flick which delivers a big lesson about the true meaning of brotherly love.
Charming children's adventure with some superb performances from the young cast.
For those who love the majesty of the solar system, the thrill of space battles, and the adventure of finding secret passageways in old houses, this movie should be just the ticket.
full review in Greek
Favreau gratifyingly prevents the film from becoming a mere maelstrom of CG effects by pushing the brothers' amusing bickering to the fore...
Despite its peculiar name and the fact it bears a strong resemblance to Jumanji -- another film inspired by a book by children's author Van Allsburg -- it's hard not to like Zathura.
Any game is more fun to play than to watch others play, even if it involves death-defying stunts and harrowing alien encounters that would frighten even the heartiest souls.
...rarely dull...
The effects are extremely good. Rather than opt for CGI overload, director Favreau and effects guru Stan Winston have elected to use good old-fashioned solid objects, which are entirely suited to the 1950s design of the game.
If you enjoyed Jumanji, the Robin Williams film about the board game with the wild animals that come to life, then ... the rest of this sentence should read: "...you are a dullard who should be slapped repeatedly."
Zathura is one of those rare movies that should appeal to kids and adults alike thanks to a great little storyline, neat special effects and a genuinely likeable cast.
A flawed but likeable and kid-friendly fantasy with smartly blended effects, Zathura is a throwback to the space adventures of the 1980s.
Favreau keeps things moving fairly frenetically, clearly having fun with the general mayhem
A sci-fi spin on 1995's Jumanji, Jon Favreau's fast-paced fantasy is an enthralling, imaginative romp that does everything its predecessor did and more.
Zathura is spectacular, fun-filled family entertainment for kids, adults, and the child within
It works because the adventures are fresh and compelling, and because, as the house gets trashed, young Danny and Walter must realistically adapt and grow.
The vintage sci-fi design of the outer space setting and creatures is aesthetically pleasing, not to mention tangible in ways that CGI effects often aren't.
There's something for kids and pedophiles.
The only way to win is just to keep playing until it's over, and the only way to leave the theater is to hover over these kids' shoulders until they finally wrap things up. In both cases, there are more entertaining ways to spend an afternoon.
Thankfully, Zathura is generations beyond Jumanji. This low-rent continuation may not boast the star power of its predecessor, but it more than makes up for it in intelligence, subtlety and pure entertainment value.
Some will probably harp on the movie's lack of scientific accuracy, which really is a logical complaint to make about a movie where a board game creates its own alternate reality. Just shut up and roll with it.
Favreau's direction has none of the needed edge, and the coming-of-age revelations plop like the same old platitudes.
There's nary a smidgen of adult humor, so parents might find things a bit on the dull side at times, but in the end they will likely thank Favreau in droves for making a film that is at least certain not to give them a headache.
When you make a movie that looks like the stuff on TV, then you should probably cut your losses -- something Sony would know a lot about this year -- and ship it straight to video.
Favreau continues to show a real flair for concocting worlds that persuasively blend the real and the fantastic ...
A great little family film with equal measures of humor, adventure and heart.
Superb visuals but frustrating and tiresome and much longer than its advertised 95 minutes.
.
When two kids discover a futuristic board game in the basement, the results prove to be out of this world
Zathura is a great example of a live action family film that the whole family can enjoy.
This extremely cute adventure is certain to keep you laughing and smiling from beginning to end whether you are six or a hundred and six.
Thin on plot, skimpy on emotion, big on special effects.
Boldly goes where no board game has gone before.
If you're looking for a sci-fi family lark, you might want to roll the dice on Zathura.
When Robbins exits the movie for a business meeting, we kind of wish he'd take us with him.
Drips with 1950s nostalgia.
A spirited film about fraternal bonds and bravery.
This is the flick you always hoped to bump into on Saturday afternoon, and never did.
Zips along with speed and confidence, and though I'd never have guessed it, goofy Jon Favreau can direct a pretty exciting action scene.
Here's a film that is stuffed with cleverness and imagination - one that taps into some of the most primal childhood fantasies of adventure.
Most of the film's 101 minutes is an onslaught of explosions, attacks, escapes and infighting.
If you or your kids haven't seen Jumanji, this is definitely worth a trip to the theater.
A smart and funny kids' movie that will also keep parents entertained.
Go with kids to Zathura, because it will look so much better through their eyes.
Zathura could have used that Tim Burton touch, but it's still an imaginative way for kids to kill an afternoon.
Space ships are cool, especially when you're six. And a boy.
An uneven mixed bag, Zathura is more likely to appeal to screaming kids and the parents who love them, than it will to the average moviegoer.
Smart and engaging, Zathura is one big "Check Mate" to Jumanji, a movie it trumps in every way.
An action-packed, family-friendly film that everyone can enjoy.
... a Jumanji-inspired lesson in family values (that) makes for a fun family adventure that doesn't talk down to its target audience...
Zathura ultimately comes across as little more than the template for an eventual kiddie-friendly theme park attraction.
Zathura, Jon Favreau's adaptation of Chris Van Allsburg's kid-lit adventure of the same name, more than fills the bill -- though it's unlikely to draw anyone over the age of 11 (not counting baby-sitters).
Zathura salutes the low-tech magic that lurks inside a board game -- that hidden ability to bring people together.
The film's Buck Rogers-style graphics are cool, but the shrilly squabbling brothers are insufferable, the story's your-turn/my-turn structure is tedious, and its relentlessly reiterated message about brotherly love and cooperation is really grating.
In seeking to entertain adults as well as children, director Jon Favreau (Elf) may have overplayed his hand a bit on the grown-up side.
Zathura is most interesting and least predictable in its opening scenes -- before the impressive special effects take over.
Zathura can be enjoyed solely as a sci-fi adventure. But it also sneaks in a couple of messages for those receptive to them.
If adults find a drawback, it's in watching the old home and its beautiful woodwork destroyed in serial blastings and smashes. But there are no dumb songs, small jokes slip in neatly and Zathura can please its market niche (mostly sub-12).
Although Zathura lacks the Robin Williams star power of Jumanji, it has a more adventurous and energetic aura. In fact, it's a nonstop romp through the imagination.
The zingy wit and ingenuity of the film's early scenes gradually fades, as Zathura becomes an increasingly repetitive series of action sequences, each noisier than the last.
Zathura may be one of those rare cases of a sequel being better than the original.
Director Jon Favreau, coming off Elf, keeps Zathura moving, but never fast enough to make it fly.
Your children will probably love it, and you won't feel lobotomized in the process.
Zathura serves up kid-friendly sci-fi thrills, along with a little nostalgia for grownups. Its low-tech special effects are a refreshing departure from the CG norm.
Director Jon Favreau ... mostly keeps it exhilarating rather than headache-inducing.
Zathura is basically Jumanji in outer space -- and even without Robin Williams, this is still a singularly loud, charmless and overbearing family movie that could use a hit or two of Ritalin.
A wild buckle-up-and-blast-off adventure that plunges every corner of kids' favorite subject.
The best adaptation yet of a Chris Van Allsburg (Jumanji, The Polar Express) children's book, Zathura confirms director Jon Favreau's mastery of the retro-cool family-film format.
The performances, lavish special effects, the setting and Favreau's pacing combine in a winning adventure.
After watching the kids play Zathura in Zathura -- a crackling family adventure in which sibling rivalries play out against a backdrop of Robbie-like robot assaults and devouring gila monsters -- all I can say is, let me at it.
Zathura is easygoing, brashly humorous and a lot less interested in technology than adventure.
The special effects and story do most of the heavy lifting, [but] it's surprising and gratifying how well acted Zathura is...
It's fine for third-grade boys who thrive on action only, but this just ain't whimsical enough for everyone else.
There is a wonderful old-fashioned zest to "Zathura," an air of jet-propelled innocent wonder that has just enough modern grounding and grumbling to ring emotionally true. It's the sort of movie that feels simultaneously classic and new.
Zathura is that rare movie that keeps the game enjoyable from beginning to end. Nobody will be inclined to pack up the pieces before the finish line is reached.
Zathura really is what the television ads and movie trailers make it out to be -- Jumanji in Space. Though better and more exciting than that probably makes it sound.
Zathura is a rousing tale with an agreeable balance of fear and teachable moments, the kind of adventure story that seems old-fashioned these days.
One of the best live-action family films of the year because it understands that its wowing sights would be just as enjoyable acted out by an imaginative child.
Zathura may be Jumanji in outer space. And the way the plot works out is not exactly rocket science. But the way it flies is very cool.
Actor and director Jon Favreau follows up his hugely successful Elf with this shining example of the best way to adapt and expand on Chris Van Allsburg's popular, yet slim, children's book.
Tagged as a "new adventure from the world of Jumanji," Zathura certainly keeps to the same venturesome spirit as the original. But the sequel still seems to be a bit of a retread.
Favreau is one of those rare directors who remembers his own childhood and can actually re-create what kids might want to see in a film.
An odd mix of honesty and hokum that pilots a course toward greatness before settling into a somewhat lower orbit.
'Silly' is this movie's trade and, more often than not, it works.
Rarely is a movie audience asked to put up with so much noise for such a thankless payoff as it must with Zathura.
It takes a special sort of imagination to make us wonder how possible it is to make macaroni and cheese in outer space.
... if you're willing to settle for a diverting journey that's awfully reminiscent of a previous trip, Zathura will get you there.
...comes back to the troubled adolescent relationship that is at the core of its story.
Zathura is a far better film than Jumanji, and not just because Robin Williams isn't in it.
The movie is very similar to Jumanji (same author, same plot), but it's still a fun adventure with special effects that are out of this world.
Director Jon Favreau creates a childlike world for the movie. Mostly everything is shown through the eyes of the boys.
Late-coming satisfaction helps make the movie almost worth the outer space trek.
It confirms the idea that the imagination knows no boundaries. And it would have been nice to find one of those imaginations to make the movie.
What makes the fantasy elements seem particularly colorful is that the film immediately grounds the characters in reality.
While it's possible to stretch a 32-page storybook into a full-length feature, it's not necessarily a good idea.
How to play "Zathura":Scrub away as much of the charm of Chris Van Allsburg's original book as possible... Raise the volume level to ensure that every one of the heroes' shrieks caresses each viewer's eardrums like a rusty fork...
[Ruined by] the utterly unsympathetic portrayal of Walter, and the one-note sourness of his treatment of Danny, for three-quarters of the running time.
If I were still 12 years old, "Zathura" would be my new favorite movie, and even at 12, I had very good taste in movies.
even with all the peril danger and turmoil the game causes, we secretly with that we could open a box from our basement and enter into an adventure like this... at least I do
Zathura has pure adventure, a heart that doesn't force itself, and visuals that will fuel the dreams of children everywhere for years to come.
Never before has "space camp" been such a good compliment and such a bad pun.
fun, imaginative adventure for kids and adults that needs some help in the special effects department, but keeps you interested throughout.
Imaginative! Fun! Good times...good times.
Complete nonsense in many ways... but in portraying these two kids, their sister, and their dad, it somehow feels right.
Much of the pleasure of Jon Favreau's adaptation of Chris Van Allsburg's Zathura comes from its utter simplicity and directness of purpose.
The game has an engagingly authentic retro feel and the special effects serve the action without being overly intrusive, but the kids are dismally unappealing
Marginal special effects and a heavy-handed dead-end plot ... space trash.
Zathura is a pleasant surprise that combines action, humor and special F/X in even, balanced portions.
Highlights those things that seem to be important to the author: imagination, creativity and family.
Far and away more engaging that its predecessor, Jumanji...director Jon Favreau ("Elf") looks to have his second holiday hit on his hands
Thanks in part to its over-reliance on special effects, the result seems all too familiar.
Favreau draws the audience in by keeping it simple.
What really ruins this game is a contrived pair of bickering brothers at the heart of the tale whose relationship swallows any potential excitement like a gargantuan black hole.
The movie has a lot of the elements that might make it thrilling and it's visually arresting, but it's missing the emotional connection necessary to make it interesting.
Zathura lacks the undercurrents of archetypal menace and genuine emotion that informed The Polar Express. But it works gloriously as space opera.
The best that can be said for Zathura is that it meets expectations, which is becoming more and more rare at the movies.
An extraterrestrial fantasy, based on a children's book by Chris Van Allsburg, that feels both real and unreal, like a dream you could shake off at any moment.
Gripping adventure with real stakes that keeps building and building. That's more than we can say for most grown-up action movies.
A film experience to treasure. It is difficult to imagine any person of any age going to see Zathura and not being swept away in the sheer spectacle of it all.
Well directed, acted, and written, and is bolstered by a light tone which emphasizes wonder and amazement over shock and awe.
The movie has just the right amount of scariness, just the right amount of humor and just the right amount of magic.
It's not nearly as good as Jumanji.
Zathura is welcome late-year fun for all ages -- a pleasant contrast to the nauseating dreck that normally masquerades as family-friendly science fiction. (Clockstoppers, Thunderbirds... need I go on?).
The movie is so well-paced for much of its run that you barely notice how efficient it is at balancing the all-too human with the otherworldly exotica.
Isn't space the place where no one can hear you fuss?
The special effects never overshadow the story, which is just down-to-earth enough to resonate with younger viewers.
After the screening, a preteen next to this critic asked his mom, "Why did you think I wouldn't like this?" There's your endorsement.
For a kid-aimed PG-rated fantasy you could do worse than Zathura: A Space Adventure. Now there's a ringing endorsement. You could do worse.
Although it too predictably stays the course of its predecessor, it's enough of a blast to provide a thrill ride for the kids and be an entertaining (and inevitable) journey for parents.
As great as the effects are, Favreau remembers that they need to be serving something else.
The result is a glorious low-tech pleasure that may be the most lyrical, phantasmagoric boys' adventure story since Joe Dante's Explorers.
Jon Favreau has struck again with another entertaining and unique effort, and he's thrust himself to forefront as far as directors for this genre go.
Manages to entertain on various levels, excelling as an intense visceral thrill ride, as well as a small-scale drama with emotional punch, all peppered with smart humor.
Pay attention, Disney: This is how you do a family film right.
a big concept, but not an original one. It is, in point of fact, pretty much a rehashing of a much better film, JUMANJI, which was also based on a book by Chris Van Allsburg.
Terrific Special Effects and a nice twist at the end make this a children's film that everyone can enjoy.
Zathura is a rarity: a stellar fantasy that faces down childhood anxieties with feet-on-the-ground maturity.
Not without its flaws, but overall surreal fun. Slightly above average. (Might be a bit too scary for little kids.)
There are a few genuinely amusing moments...but most of 'Zathura' is either shrill or flat.
Although filled with amazing set pieces and a strong sense of adventure, 'Zathura' soon becomes annoying to watch because of almost continuous shouting by its young co-stars.
Some pals and I subscribe to the popular theory that any movie is automatically worth watching if it contains (a) jet packs or (b) a giant robot. Zathura has both.
a perfect PG adventure where two brothers bond while dodging meteors and fighting off giant space lizards
Let's play Jumanji! No, let's not, but say we did -- in space!
Zathura: A Space Adventure is a mediocre children's movie based on the reworking of an already faulty formula (see Jumanji) generated by the same author.
Its world of corporeal creatures and practical FX will allow kids to believe in the movie in a way that many have never believed in a film on the big screen before.
Here's a space mess that's all show with very little go.
Arguably the best adaptation of a Chris Van Allsburg book to date.
Clever space adventure with dazzling special effects.
A beautiful film, a return to movie-making craftsmanship that's gone by the wayside in a wave of cubicle nerds carelessly rendering spaceships on their Apple computers.
Favreau again delivers that rare beast -- a family film that even childless adults can enjoy.






@highlight

Dazzling special effects for the kids + well-crafted storytelling for the 'rents = cinematic satisfaction for the whole family.