A standard-issue popcorn horror pic.
Fun, very tense, and occasionally creepy.
This straight-up slasher flick probably should have gone straight to video for the cheesy-looking, computer-generated snakes alone.
The slasher clichés on reshuffle are old enough to predate the births of most of the flick's nubile victims-to-be, including tight-T-shirt wearer Agnes Bruckner.
None of the actors is identified until the very end of the credits; in fact, it would have been a kindness not to name them at all, so I won't here.
Gillespie consegue criar momentos eficientes de tensão a partir de um roteiro que, mesmo absurdo, sabe explorar bem as convenções do gênero. E, de brinde, o filme ainda conta com uma ótima fotografia.
Never strays from the mainstream slasher genre's long-decayed bylaws.
In reality, Venom is nothing more than the teenage slasher formula applied to the swamp.
...the film eventually degenerates into a conventional and hackneyed mess.
Don't go in with high expectations, and you might enjoy yourself!
Venom is about as animated as Ray the zombie; they're both still up and walking, not realizing they're dead and gone.
Venom is too darn familiar to become anyone's dark-horse favorite, but I'd say it's worthy of a rental if you love the horror stuff.
... even by the logistically malleable standards of the horror genre, Venom lacks even the barest rudiments of the form ...
The death scenes are so unimaginative and the gore is so minimal that you might miss it if you blink.
If you've seen many schlock shockers, you won't have any trouble seeing where this one's slithering to long before it gets there.
The final showdown between sole survivor and killer is sufficiently well-done that you wonder why the rest of the film didn't measure up.
Yet for all of its retro charm, the movie is ultimately too routine to recommend.
dead from scene one
After The Skeleton Key, another lifeless Deep South horror movie charting the myriad frights of costumed black people performing defense rituals.
A lot of fun on the so-bad-it's-good level of unintentional hilarity.
A mud-simple horror trudge set in a swamp colony of Abercrombie models.
Why didn't Miramax release this star-free slasher flick directly to DVD, especially when the theatrical release seems to exploit the news of Hurricane Katrina?
Even by the standards of the current Miramax fire sale, this misbegotten horror film deserved to go direct to video. Or cable. Or oblivion.
The tagline is 'Some people are better left dead' - it's also true that some movies are better left unseen.
Basically just a moss-strewn remake of his 1997 hit, I Know What You Did Last Summer.
A film so awful that the line 'Can't you de-milk him or something?' is not the worst line of dialogue.
A lifeless, uninspired horror flick that ought to have been left in whatever hole they found it in.
Venom is indeed a horror show but for other reasons entirely...just another colorless creepy tale right off the conveyor belt of sluggish imagination
People don't go to see movies like this to hear insightful conversations; they see them to watch a teenage girl get impaled on a tree branch.
So confounded lazy and stupid that it makes your head spin.
As mindless scare machines go, Dimension Films' bayou-set slasher thriller acquits itself well enough. Gratuitously gory and derivative to the core, Venom manages to deliver some effective frights in between large swaths of voodoo gibberish.
This film contains a couple of bracingly mean sequences, but it cleaves so closely to the slasher-movie formula that it can't muster up any suspense at all.
Even the title is lame, but it does convey the movie's overall effect: numbing and toxic.
There's nothing clever about this movie. It starts too slow, plot points are abandoned and even the killings start to run together.
Venom is just another cheesy teen horror movie, distinguishing itself only in its complete lack of suspense, a handicap that no amount of kinetic editing or bloodshed can overcome.
I can safely prounounce this would-be horror series (it angles for a sequel) to be dead on arrival.
Venom certainly can't be called a good movie, but within the horror genre it's perfectly palatable.
It seems like all of the filmmaker's creative energy was channeled into the gory imagery, while thematic linkage was an afterthought. Venom has a meandering story to match its misleading title.
Even the undemanding high schoolers the film is aimed at will experience déjà voodoo, as Venom recites the A through Z of horror clichés. All hopes for suspense and plot twists are snuffed out about as quickly as the film's black characters.
A witless, derivative slasher flick.
If you saw House of Wax you've already seen the same basic premise executed with more skill, plus had the unspeakable joy of watching Paris Hilton get skewered. Venom, alas, can't afford Paris Hilton.
The bad guy jangles (his key ring) while stalking his prey, presumably to build tension, but I just kept thinking my car keys had fallen out of my pocket.
Though not meant to be taken seriously, Venom is no chucklefest but rather a harrowing ordeal in the ruthlessly violent vein of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
Venom is even more pointless than most supernatural slasher movies.
As much as audience members will want to laugh it off the screen, it even defies that much enthusiasm.
Venom is so far beneath comparisons to Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer that it would have to add a Jennifer Love Hewitt cameo just to keep company with the worst sequels of those popular movies.
Cookie cutter horror straight from the swamps of Louisiana.
One of the stupidest horror movies in ages, Venom makes you wonder how this ever got past the script stage.
... a competent concoction of familiar ingredients, smothered with gothic mood and served up with a generous helping of teenagers: skewered, slashed and stabbed.
You'll sleep like you just took the recommended daily dosage of Tylenol PM right though this snore-monger.
Smartly directed by Jim Gillespie from a script by various hands, Venom ... follows its stylish, energetic and darkly amusing horror movie tradition.
Venom is a horror film full of swampy Southern atmosphere and voodoo creepiness. Unfortunately, it comes after The Skeleton Key, which mined the same territory and did it with more imagination and style.
Venom reprises all the tedium of slasher flicks, from the idiots who scream and trip and fall rather than simply run away to the macho killer who can't be stopped. There's no antidote for that.
As unconvincing and unrealistic as one of those ridiculous made-for-cable 'horror' films on USA Network, the kind starring Tom Wopat or Timothy Busfield.
Jim Gillespie (I Know What You Did Last Summer) directs and while one might naively believe that the absence of Jennifer Love Hewitt would in itself predict an advance in moviemaking, one would be sadly mistaken.
Jim Gillespie's direction is better than the material deserves. If this one rattles your cage, it is a rickety structure indeed.
If the job of slaughtered-teenager movies is to dig up talented young actors who will eventually do better movies and wish they hadn't done this one, Venom excels in that area.
[Director Jim Gillespie] seems to understand the genre better than the clueless who've been delivering recent Hollywood superschlock remakes like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and House of Wax.
Not to discount the awesome idea of a tow-truck-drivin' zombie, but this Kevin Williamson-produced flick otherwise goes strictly by the established pseudo-slasher numbers.
Black man dies first and everyone else lines up to be slaughtered one by one through actions that scream, 'DO NOT go in there, you ignorant moron!'
There's no known antidote for a movie as poisonously bad as Venom.
this hopeless morass that has all the exuberance of damp lint and even less imagination.


@highlight

A voodoo horror flick without the mojo, Venom is chock full of gory impalings of interchangeable teenage girls and hunky guys by an unstoppable zombie whose unimaginative rampage quickly lulls us to sleep.