Well-acted but ultimately bland...
Stateside has some lopsided storytelling techniques, but emotionally it will get you home.
Simples e sensível, o filme traz uma atuação estupenda de Rachael Leigh Cook.
With a better cast than it deserves and a script from which it deserved better, the film is pleasant where it should be rowdy, quaint where it should be refreshing, and altogether far less daring than it thinks it is.
It's as though the actors showed up on the set, picked their lines out of a hat, than spoke them in no particluar order.
The lovers' nonexistent chemistry doesn't generate enough heat to light a match.
It felt authentic ...
[L]ike scenes cut from another, far better film...
Everything an independent film should be: daring, experimental, character-driven and thoroughly entertaining.
Suffers from a lack of narrative cohesion.
It's so unexpected and unpredictable and so full of tiny grace notes that its ultimate collapse seems almost irrelevant.
Turns out to be not so much a movie about a Kwazy Person as it is about a Stoopid Person.
The film is a head-on collision of spare parts from different genres, none of which work separately or as a collective whole.
The two leads don't have any chemistry, especially the flat, emotionless Tucker.
[Stateside] is freighted with far more serious issues than most movies of its kind but neglects or glosses over most of them.
A genuinely affecting love story told without a trace of affect.
A ludicrous indie romance.
Plays like a movie of the week.
Writer-director Reverge Anselmo handles sensitive issues not with kid gloves, but with a metaphorical baseball mitt, fumbling with tone and obviously laboring to force quirks upon characters and situations.
The film manages to hit all the emotional beats, but most land with a resounding thud.
Quirky but involving.
Though much of the movie feels as undeveloped as Mark is, it manages to end the way any decent love story must -- on a sweet, touching note that makes us want to forgive the unsteadiness along the way.
A diluted, scattered drama -- less than the sum of its parts, but with an impressive cameo list.
Stateside plays like urgent ideas for a movie which Anselmo needed to make, but they're still in note form.
Writer-director Reverge Anselmo has created a movie of ineptness so perfect and unified as to boggle the mind.
Anselmo understands that when the situation itself is dramatic, the storytelling and acting don't have to be.
This one isn't even worth watching on cable TV, unless you're ready to be fitted for a straight jacket.
The Young And The Wacko... The movie tries to be a lot of things -- but it fails at all of them.
Stateside veers toward "Showgirls"-level camp but merely ends up being awful.
so conventional it borders on experimental
This muddled drama begins as a high school soap opera, segues into a boys-to-men military drama and peters out as a feeble answer to Girl, Interrupted.
Although based on a true story, it never establishes its own identity, often playing like warmed-over J.D. Salinger.
Mexican writer-director, Reverge Anselmo, is clueless about how to make any of it believable, cogent or even remotely interesting.
Anselmo, basing his script on a true story, juggles more plots than a full season of The O.C., setting his cast adrift in a sea of soap-opera bubbles.
[Anselmo's] sure-footed handling of emotional tone enables his endearing young leads to function in a sympathetic and coherent realm.
The guys are getting stoned and, apparently, preparing to gang-rape their frontperson. What kind of band is this, anyway?
'An Officer and a Gentleman' refashioned as a sappy WB teen soap opera...a melodrama of astonishing flatness and insipidity.
Contrived and emotionally incomplete, and strained further by self-consciously cockeyed dialogue.
The way that all of this plays out is so unconvincing that I felt as if I was watching a lost Project Greenlight movie in which half the key scenes, after testing into the basement, had been chucked at the last minute.
Stateside's real-life frame allows the complexities of mental illness and military service to lose dramatic tension, resulting in a desultory home stretch.
This story about mental illness within a romantic relationship wallows in the reckless abuse of the privileges of wealth. It's an unsatisfying cinematic interlude.
'Stateside' cuddles up to you and makes you care about two lovers who would probably drive you crazy in real life.
The promise of something startling and compelling goes unfulfilled, and the arc of the central love story isn't interesting enough to sustain the drama.




@highlight

An inept drama that rings false.