The story has a loony, slapstick verve, and the star-studded voice work is uniformly entertaining.
If Over the Hedge aims solely to entertain, it does so in a way that's mildly amusing but mostly hackneyed. If it aims to instruct, it weakens its own argument with the plethora of product tie-ins.
A colorful and engaging comedy of suburbia's encroachment into the wilderness and its consequences for a motley crew of animals just awakened from hibernation.
Adventure, cute and cuddly animals, and some wit make for a wonderful experience!
A surprisingly very good animated adventure that relishes in simplicity...
Caffeine freak critters, duplicitous raccoons, a highly talented cast and Bill Shatner in overacting overdrive -- it's like coming out of hibernation and waking in an animator's playground.
The story is no grabber, and the sight gags are labored, but the animation is sleekly pretty, and it goes by painlessly enough.
I watched the film with very low expectations and was pleasantly surprised by its heart and its humor.
The final showdown, in which the critters tangle with security-rigged lawn flamingos and garden gnomes, would have made Rube Goldberg proud.
A clever and fun escape from the summer blahs.
A cookie-cutter money-spinner, finely tooled for maximum profit, but utterly lacking timeless charm.
The new Dreamworks CGI animated feature ignores much of the satire and tries to cram the rest into the usual kids movie format.
click to read full review in Greek
The film's messages -- pro-family, pro-ecology, anti-consumerism -- sometimes feel forced. But Hedge is genuinely and consistently funny, for both children and parents.
This funny film follows the foibles of foragers forced to find food in the suburbs.
As a film buff I certainly appreciated the obscure film references, but gosh, some of these are way dated
A pleasant little animated film with great graphics, strong characters and a passable story about the value of family and friends.
Bursting with energy, excitement and humour while finding a tone that'll have kids and adults alike rolling in the aisles, Over the Hedge is the first of this year's classic animations, destined to be remembered for years to come.
Animação despretensiosa que, eficiente do ponto de vista técnico, substitui a originalidade pela tentativa de provocar o riso fácil. E o mais importante: consegue.
Lack of a decent plot or memorable characters starts to show around the hour mark.
There's a moderate amount of fun to be had.
You'll soon be sick of digital furballs, but there's plenty of fun here - and Hammy is up there with Ice Age's Scrat in the pantheon of lunatic movie rodents.
A film that's good looking, thoroughly engaging and very, very funny. Better still, it's a movie that will delight all age groups and not just the ankle biters.
Manages to come up with a fun and simple premise, and then fills it with some enjoyable characters and a manic Looney Tunes style energy
Brightly animated, frequently hilarious and perfectly cast comedy from the Dreamworks stable - the best of the recent animal-themed cartoon features.
It misses the mark a couple of times but in the main, it's good clean fun.
Pixar has nothing to worry about yet, but a few more films like this one might put Dreamworks Animation back on track.
Anyone looking for lighthearted summer entertainment, suitable for the whole family, this is the place.
Some great slapstick, choreographed with both balletic grace and a sharp eye for the belly laugh.
An energetic, funny and clever computer-animated movie, just the sort of movie you'd expect the makers of Shrek to come up with . . .
An endearingly cheerful animated feature from DreamWorks.
I walked into the movie with kind of low expectations (too many big names, not enough of an apparent premise, untested animation company), and walked out with a gigantic smile on my face and a desire to see it again.
Over the Hedge is a sly ride. It sizzles less with the winking nudging sentiment, and instead offers its audience the family movie goods: thrills, laughs and, of course, a message.
It is nothing short of amazing that a film that features every possible variant of junk food imaginable doesn't contain a single recognizable brand.
'...an uproarious animated flick for all ages ...'
Depicts a woodland war of insurgency against suburbia... until violent slapstick beats the promising premise into submission.
This film 'does its job' but not much more than that.
Good animation is met with fun storytelling.
The movie is a delightful experience, especially for youngsters.
Can't seem to rise above to see the hedge for the trees.
The four credited screenwriters fall back on the same whacks, kicks, punches, and musical montages that continuously bring down the bulk of the best cartoons.
With more attention to the fundamentals of narrative, Over the Hedge wouldn't be so over the top.
Though DreamWorks' green message is that junk food is bad for you, what's on the menu is a kiddie meal smothered in eye candy.
The script is outstandingly clever and frequently hilarious.
This moderately amusing computer-animated comedy is torn between its zany, go-for-broke nature and the strictures of trying to be everything for everyone.
A highly entertaining bit of silliness where one never knows what unexpected bits of hilarity lie in wait.
Want to take your kids to a movie that equates junk food and fun? If so, then this one's for you.
There is plenty of topnotch voice talent on the soundtrack.... What there isn't is a punchy script.
Over The Hedge is cute without being cutesy, satirical without being too cynical, and just a whole lot of fun.
Yet another charmless animated feature made by profiteers whose historical reference point seems to begin and end with Shrek.
Just not different enough to be distinctive
It's a fast-paced show in which all is not as it seems, one characters has a sinister hidden agenda, and the ensemble must work together to solve puzzles.
Forget about "The DaVinci Code," the real first hit of the summer is "Over the Hedge."
A colorful charmer that proves Disney/Pixar is not the only animation powerhouse.
Leave it to a bunch of hilarious woodland critters to teach us suburbia-bound humans a few things about living life Over the Hedge.
... Offers something for everyone ...
This may not be on the same par as the original 'Toy Story', but it is definitely worth taking the children to see at the theater. The colors are bright, the facial expressions are perfect, and there's a lesson in there for all of us.
There are occasionally marvelous pieces of animation and editing, and it is packed with snappy and witty dialogue.
The best animated movie of the year and one of the most fun movies of the summer whatsoever!
The metaphoric subtext is as clear as the apocalyptic destruction that befalls Gladys' treasured suburban home. All of the humans have gone nuts.
A fun family film with lots of silly antics from the animals, high energy, and terrific animation.
The overblown approach to the gags is a great return to classic cartoon styles.
Despite a few flaws, Over the Hedge is a solidly entertaining film for both children and adults.
Kids will love it, and so will their parents.
DreamWorks Animation's future looks bright, indeed.
Rarely have critters frolicked more hilariously than in Over the Hedge, a movie that should amuse all but the newborn or dead.
Promising premise, but lacks follow through.
A charming film, nicely animated and containing sufficient laughs to be worth taking your family to see.
Over the Hedge is a great improvement over some of their previous efforts (like Shark Tale or Shrek 2) and one that isn't as easily dismissible. Aside from having some great animation, the writing is funny and clever...
Amid the requisite topical references, the film includes throwback violence (plainly inspired by the work of Warner Bros. and the great Chuck Jones), lunatic and incessant.
This is PDI's best film since the first Shrek.
A raucous, funny and fresh look at the 3 C's: conservation, consumerism and consumption (of the excessive and conspicuous kind).
A sly satire of American 'enough is never enough' consumerism and blind progress at the expense of the environment. It's also very funny, and the little woodland critters that make up the cast are a kiddie-pleasing bunch.
It is competent work and frequently amusing.
A very good film that will appeal to everyone in the family.
A charming, clever and crisply paced little confection about small, junk-food-addled mammals that's sure to delight large mammals of any age.
Inspired casting of voice actors is one of several pleasures in this fun film for children, which has enough social satire to satisfy adults as well.
Two directors plus five writers show some taste and keep things impish for kids, with cute jokes and a soft pitch at the end for family values. But we can tell when they're seeking to amuse themselves.
Though not in the sophisticated league of Shrek, Over the Hedge has creatures the kids will love, with just enough smart jokes and references to keep Mom and Dad amused.
Filled with pop culture references and zingly one-liners, it's delightfully comic and sweetly insightful.
This comic strip-based bit of silliness isn't quite the ecology lesson it aims for, but it says enough about family values, suburban sprawl, and the over-caffeinization of modern society to ring true.
Over the Hedge isn't by any stretch bad. It's just banal.
There is lots here to keep younger children entertained and occasionally delighted.
Over the Hedge may be 'just' a cartoon. But it's also a biting and funny jab at SUV-MSG Nation.
A pure comic delight: handsome, smart, quick and, blessedly, building as it progresses to climax in some truly hilarious gags.
The writing doesn't measure up to the casting, and the picture is miles from original.
If they were still making Looney Tunes, they'd look a lot like Over the Hedge.
The computer-animation is terrific, most of the slapstick gags are fun, and Wanda Sykes' voice performance as feisty Stella the Skunk is one that will be remembered -- and not because it stinks.
The movie equivalent of the munchies that enthrall its characters -- not much substance, but a lot of fun.
Spends none of the time that Michael Fry and T. Lewis' daily comic strip does staring at the stars or asking questions of the Tree That Knows Stuff, but the movie does offer an amusing animals'-eye-view on the absurdity of suburbia.
Ultimately, the movie's smorgasbord approach to story works because it contains enough humor, cleverly conceived characters and capers to compensate for its dramatic shortcomings.
It's all a bit underwhelming.
Manages to illustrate the perils of greed and the benefits of friendship, loyalty and group effort, and without hitting anyone over the head with it. It's environmentally friendly. It will make you laugh out loud.
Its own animal, a spirited and intrepid critter that mooches our affection along with the garbage.
There may be only so many ways you can spin a computer-generated animated feature about a gang of animals and their grand project against an evil adversary.
DreamWorks is still no Pixar, but the laughs are definitely there, and the defiant jab at conspicuous consumption is utterly satisfying.
Ultimately Hedge is déja vu all over again, a computer-generated work of wonder that could have come out last year, last month or two months from now, a film so reminiscent of other films it almost immediately dims in the memory.
Will probably just feel beyond the pale to anyone more discerning than the average 8-year-old.
In addition to a few laugh-out-loud moments, this animated comedy actually manages to say something about the perils of our own modern-day, consumerist society. (Though it's not done in a way that's too overt or preachy.)
Over the Hedge may not have you over the moon, but it gets far enough to qualify as decent family entertainment.
Intelligent jokes are set up and paid off, rather than blurred by an endless string of instantly-outdated pop culture references.
Even though the film might not always be as sharp as it could be, it's a welcome departure from recent animated family fare.
A feature cartoon that is not at the level of Finding Nemo or Shrek, but is a lot of fun, awfully nice to look at, and filled with energy and smiles.
When Hedge clicks on all cylinders, Chuck Jones smiles down from heaven.
It's not the ultimate effort of some of the films it will be compared to, but it's sharp, funny and it'll keep the kids smiling for a solid 90 minutes.
The filmmakers are obviously concerned about the rise of exurbs, but they shrug off the issue and stick to the formula of a talking-critters script instead.
High on culture, low on pop, but easily has a bubbling feature-length fizz. Within snappy action sequences and manic comedy, there's a slight screed against the every-square-inch mentality.
Over the Hedge will grow on you. It's a hoot.
Silly, but fun.
The movie assumes that we humans are the idiots in the natural order, and that we're all too blissfully unaware of it.
Yet the movie works. While it doesn't have the subtle observational tenacity of the popular strip, the genuinely touching familial warmth does remain intact, and watching RJ and Vern travel the road to friendship is admittedly priceless.
The satirical look at suburban blight ... will entertain the grown-ups, while the dizzying antics will keep the kids in stitches.
Where it lacks ingenuity and cohesive storytelling, it satiates with manic energy, oddball observation and witty humor...
Way smarter than the average bear.
Compared to such recent animated turkeys as Valiant, Chicken Little and The Wild, this is a movie that soars.
Over the Hedge is an important evolution for DreamWorks Animation because it proceeds from a story, not a compilation of pop culture references.
If the movie doesn't break much new ground, either in terms of its animation or its storyline, it's full of manic energy, clever ideas and jolliness, making it hard to resist.
May satirize suburban foibles, but that doesn't mean family audiences need to see themselves as the target. Who really likes plastic flamingos, anyway?
the first great family film of 2006, and it's a safe bet for all ages
kids might have more fun with the DVD, where they will presumably be able to skip directly to the wild & crazy chase scenes, and skip Ben Folds completely.
The voice work and animation are both a cut above the average, and the film's energy is brisk.
It's funny enough and pointed enough, but not enough of either to make you forget Thumper. Or Flower. Or even Stitch.
A buoyant and funny animated lark in its own right, regardless of its funny-pages origins.
A cracking adventure, with animation that's worth seeing on the big screen.
[A]ll snark aside, it's one of [Bruce Willis's] best performances ever...
I can digest a certain amount of importance-of-family sap, but I expect something in return.
Maybe the concept just wasn't funny enough to mine for a whole movie. But considering they do a comic strip of this every week, there must be something there if the right person can find it.
The strip's personal tone of humor is replaced by a wacky please-the-kids soullessness that's all the more worrisome because it's actually pretty entertaining.
It is a generic multiplex space holder in between better cartoon releases.
Its animators have really brightened things up arguably outdoing even the Shrek films for visual astuteness, making this the closest any studio has gotten to Pixar's dominating perfection.
Why should second-rate scripting be a concern? Because Hedge can be ruthlessly entertaining when it wants to be, and that isn't nearly enough.
Just when it seemed like the computer animation genre was losing some steam, Over The Hedge comes along and gives it a well-deserved boost.
It is a truly for-all-ages movie that is a joy to behold.
Once again proving, TALKING ANIMALS ARE FUNNY!
...it is packed with so many delightful observations and its actors so well cast that one can forgive it its shortcomings.
No doubt the people at DreamWorks who made Over the Hedge would prefer that their film bring to mind animated classics like Disney's Bambi (or, as Hammy suggests, Ice Age), but no such luck.
The script is fast and funny, keeping the focus on the story and avoiding the stream of pop-culture wisecracks that these days pass for humor in most animated films.
The frenetic, action-oriented (and fairly violent) set-pieces are well crafted, but without interesting characters it's only sporadically involving.
Best ignore the sloppy message (along with the flavorless songs by Ben Folds) and have fun with the colorful activity and cartoon slapstick...
Visually energetic and light on its feet, it's frothy entertainment that has some ideas in its head and a sense of playfulness that turns those ideas into a speedily pleasant 90 minutes.
Hums along with such well-greased precision, you can almost hear the industrial cogs and wheels whirring in all their viscous complexity. There's such a knowing swagger about the film's comedy, there seems to be no innocence in the mix at all.
This witty and wise comedy is easily the most thoroughly enjoyable animated movie since The Incredibles.
The script pokes endless fun at American overindulgence, from SUVs to obesity. But the shots are cheap not just because they're so obvious, but because you get the sense no one who made this movie believes any of it.
Falls squarely -- and, it must be said, squirrelly -- in the middle between the lackluster Madagascar and the wonderful Wallace & Gromit in the Curse of the Were-Rabbit.
Over the Hedge is never particularly daring, but thankfully it's never insulting, either.
With its clever script smartly tailored to fit all ages, Over the Hedge kept me nicely fed and watered ...
... enjoyable ...
A irresistible balance of computer-graphics animation and high wit, one that raises the three-dimensional computerized technique to a delirious new plateau.
The movie delivers on the broad comedy, but the small moments are what really put Over the Hedge over the top.
A nicely crafted charmer.
The critters and the humans here resemble metallic, robotic alternate-universe images of animals and people.
I just love the fact that the humans are depicted as evil and wasteful in "Over the Hedge"
2006 has not been a kind year to the animated genre and the empty, irresponsible Over the Hedge is so far the worst of the lot.
Zips by as if the movie knows you have more important things to do.
Underwhelming...among kidflicks of this sort it's neither great nor terrible, just mediocre.
Just as too much sugar makes your stomach hurt, too much cuteness makes your eyes squint.
Just in case Pixar has forgotten (and all signs seem to indicate that they may have), this is how to make an animated movie that wholly deserves the oft-abused designation 'fun for the whole family.'
The voice acting is delightful.
It's energetic, colorful, occasionally clever and brims with top-drawer voice talent.
"A fun, simple story and great characters make this critter flick click."
Its chipper, sneering outsider's look at suburban sprawl and conformity isn't going to change the world, but it's still self-aware enough to be reasonably smart.
It feels like I've already seen Over the Hedge four times, after witnessing the parade of commercials for other junk its characters are pimping.
Embraces a timid, underdeveloped middle ground between skewering and embracing mass-market consumerism.
... solid family entertainment ...
If it settles for being ordinary, at least it's a well-made ordinary, delivering dependable entertainment without actively insulting our intelligence.
A rollicking good time.
Chirpy, silly fun for youngsters thanks to solid character animation.
A rather narrowly conceived tale that makes only modest hay from the overworked conflict between wildlife and encroaching humans.
A cute, clever little movie that gets on the screen, entertains, and then gets off.

@highlight

Even if it's not an animation classic, Over the Hedge is clever and fun, and the jokes cater to family members of all ages.