"Mute" is by no means unwatchable, but ultimately inspires us to re-watch the movies that inspired it.
If films like this stop being funded altogether in favour of crowd-pleasers rather than crowd-challengers, we're damned. That's your most plausible dystopian future, folks.
One of those frustrating movies that starts off well and gradually goes off the rails. And after a two hour investment, it delivers a spectacularly underwhelming payoff.
Worth checking out once you've seen Netflix's Annihilation, but before you get into Altered Carbon.
The whole film is populated by people you don't believe or care at all about, behaving in ways that don't make sense against a cheap-looking sci-fi-by-numbers backdrop
Another inimitable chapter in an increasingly fascinating filmography.
As a production project it was, apparently, stuck in "development hell" for more than a decade. Sometimes projects are stuck in development hell for a reason.
... languishes to extremes... [Full review in Spanish]
It's a particularly disappointing misfire from the man that gave us the low-key masterpiece of Moon, and yet another nail in the coffin of Netflix as a destination for quality original films.
Mute is pretty meh but gets points for randomness.
Intoxicatingly complicated and spiked with moral ambivalence, Mute is a sci-fi noir that requires concentration.
Struggles in the shadow of its influences, however endearing they may be, and fails to leverage the sum of its parts into something worthwhile.
Mute is let down by a weak and bland script. Hopefully his next endeavour focuses more on story and less on dated Tarantino-style humour and sexist objectification.
Mute feels like Jones's most personal film to date. It's ambitious, it's flawed but it's beautiful.
Goes from a mildly arresting detective tale, a future noir, to pure ugliness, stretching on for what becomes an interminable two hours.
Netflix, being new to the game and eager to build relationships, is awfully indulgent with filmmakers, but a studio president would have told Jones to throw this half-baked script back in the oven.
Futuristic thriller has brutality, sex, cursing.
It's hard to sit through Mute and try to imagine why Duncan Jones waited 16 years to make this movie. But then, it's hard to sit through Mute at all.
Tedious but occasionally interesting. Paul Rudd is excellent.
If this overlong riot of random ugliness is the finished film, what manner of dreck must have ended up on the cutting room floor?
Mute feels like a dream: strange, amorphous, emotionally remote, and senseless.
There's nothing in the plot that justifies the existence of everything around it. This is a problem exacerbated by the way that Mute is structured as a sort of two-hander.
One gets the sense that Jones has a lot he wants to say, but his film, like his protagonist, never quite finds its voice.
Sometimes it feels like Jackson Pollock went bananas on a paint-by-numbers drawing of Dick Tracy...It's weirdness with a safety net, gorgeously vibrant and dull.
With quirks galore but a shortage of substantial ideas, this sci-fi noir cribs from the Blade Runner films ad nauseam - indeed it seems to inhabit the very same world, rendered on the cheap.
After ridiculous red herrings, pointless side-plots and inconsistent characters you just give up on Mute.
I know for a rock-solid fact that this was Duncan Jones's great passion project, but with the finished product glibly playing out before my eyes, I cannot begin to fathom why.
It's a mess is what it is, and one destined to fester in the depths of Netflix Originals vault...
Fans of Moon and Source Code be warned: Mute is sadly, almost tragically, not worth the wait.
While it hints at a modest complexity bubbling beneath the surface, it's never particularly interested in making a resounding statement.
An aimless two hours where it takes forever for the central mystery to unravel and, by the time it does, you don't really care at all about the "big reveal".
the clash of tropes and types seems part of the point, as Jones brings the obsolescent values of cinema's silent era (embodied by Leo) into collision with a less rooted postmodern future, and sees what survives to emerge from the murky waters.
The worst thing to happen to Justin Theroux this week.
It's a film about a glowering futuristic hellscape of technology and unchecked hedonism, and it's not even the best one of those released in the past six months.
This derivative sci-fi thriller about a missing woman struggles to find its own voice and consistent character.
The main problem with Mute is that it doesn't use its technologically-advanced backdrop to say anything new.
Skarsgård is just frustratingly silent and dull, to the point where it feels less like he's a mute and more like he's just doing the whole hard-boiled, Liam Neeson, no-need-for-words-when-I-can-thump-henchmen-with-my-table-leg character thing .
But it's never a great sign when your lead is upstaged by the supporting players, and for all its good looks, "Mute" ultimately doesn't have a whole lot to say.
[Paul] Rudd and [Justin] Theroux do their best to have fun, but the movie's miserable tone is actively competing against them at every turn.
Like Jones' divisive Warcraft, Mute is uncompromising. But compromise isn't the worst thing in the world.
Jones is clearly striving to develop something fresh out of well-trodden material, and Mute at least exhumes Jones' stature as a notable auteur.
Mute, unlike its title character, seems to have no shortage of things to say. If only its voices would stop talking over one another, it might be something special.
Blade Runner's kinky cousin. ... What Mute lacks in originality, it makes up for in risky storytelling and unpredictably grimy plot decisions.
Mute is a promisingly ambitious movie that quickly collapses from a lack of story.
Mute is more interesting as a bullet-point list of absurdities than as a two-hour film. Yet, Jones continues to have my attention.
A mishmash of ideas in search of a movie.
Early trailers made it look like a neon-noir cross between Blade Runner and The Fifth Element. Sadly, it's just another airless dud in red packaging.
Duncan Jones' latest film is an crushingly disappointing disaster. [Full Review in Spanish]
If anything, Mute serves as a reminder that some dream projects should remain on the shelf.
Mute is a disjointed, nihilistic trip through two distinct storylines that have almost nothing to do with each other.
Since we're being encouraged to use the Bowie scale, we will admit that Mute is no Never Let Me Down. Let's charitably rate it at Black Tie, White Noise level.
It's like watching a magician spend several minutes on elaborate flourishes and then drawing your card from a deck of one.
Despite some promising elements, Mute struggles to explore philosophical questions within a sci-fi setting in a way that feels innovative and fresh.
MUTE's narrative is a self-consciously odd and stillborn mix of missing-person mystery and rehabilitation parable.
"Mute" is an object lesson in the need for self-editing in narrative fiction of any stripe. By trying to do everything, the film ends up saying next to nothing.
Mute is one of those strange oddities in which every single aspect of the plot feels purposefully cultivated for some grand thematic or existential purpose, yet none of it coheres into something that feels particularly meaningful or revelatory.
With an insipid script, no narrative line, and a cast of unlikable characters, Mute has to get by on looks-neon Cold War hand-me-downs with all the workmanship of journeyman TV.
Somewhere in here a reasonable film exists, but Mute is rather less than the sum of its parts.
The narrative doesn't quite coalesce, and except for a few late-in-the-proceedings moments, it doesn't deliver the grim, indelible shivers of the best noir.
Mute may be a bigger vision than Moon and Source Code, but it's narrower where it counts.
Jones reportedly conceived of the film years ago. However, as the story evolved and took on more emotional themes he never found the right balance between the sentimental and the hard-boiled.
Skårsgard simply occupies space onscreen. If acting is music, he is noise, a series of vaguely related sounds.
Mute possesses so little sense of style, of directorial muscularity, that it fizzles out long before its 125 minutes are up.
What is Jones trying to say with "Mute"? One would hardly guess this over-congested generic exercise came from the same mind as the elegant, almost minimalistic "Moon," which made far better use of all that went unsaid.
Mute is a punishing watch.
It may not be something to shout about, but it's definitely worth an indoor-voiced cheer.
Its arrival on Netflix this weekend suggests that the content-ravenous streaming service add a new category alongside "Trending Now" and "See It Again": "Because You Literally Have Nothing Else To Watch."

@highlight

Visually polished but narratively derivative and overall muddled, Mute is a would-be sci-fi epic whose title serves as an unfortunate guide to how it might be best enjoyed.