an utterly unique film
There is a strange, dreamlike placidity that hangs - like a silent, terrifying fog - over René Laloux's 1973 animated sci-fi classic.
A jarring examination of racism and intolerance.
Grotesque yet graceful, it's a hallucinatory vision quite unlike everything you've ever seen.
A patchwork of cutouts from Soviet tech and science magazines pinned into druggy tableaux, with a genuine sense of placid terror to give teeth to its planar allegories
Thirty-five years later, Rene Laloux's surreal animated film remains a singular psychedelic experience.
The film's images are phantasmagorical.
Surreal and wonderful in a way not often seen from Europe.
Eerie, surreal and a welcome respite from Disney-style animation.
The film has a flat quality that cannot entirely be overcome by the sensational animation and the obvious good intentions of its creators.
Anthropology meets surrealist art in a film about the coldly intellectual, logical Traags and the wild, passionate, heartfelt Oms. Manages to be both of our world and somehow not, shucking off any influences and finding a weird wonder all its own.
The animation is crude, but the artwork is never less than astounding.
The strange worlds elaborated by Laloux could hardly be described as utopian, but nonetheless he uses them as a staging ground from which to try to resolve his concerns about the folly and aggression to be found on our own savage planet.
Roland Topor's graphics create a world reminiscent of two of the greatest artists of the fantastic, Bosch and Odilon Redon.
For original, thoughtful, often strong (but tasteful) animation, I recommend Fantastic Planet for family viewing.
Period piece, polemic or tripped out hippy whimsy -- Fantastic Planet is all of these and lingers in the system long after ingestion.
Cult film that never was all that good and now looks pretty cheesy.
Extraordinary animated feature.
It's not every fancifully encoded cautionary tale that can survive the demise of its historical villains, and it's not every stoner midnight movie that can stand a second viewing in the sober light of day.
If there ever was a film that needed to be experienced in order to be appreciated, this is it. Reading critics' words about it just does not do it justice.







@highlight

Fantastic Planet is an animated epic that is by turns surreal and lovely, fantastic and graceful.