Here as always [Director Michael] Apted jumps between his subjects' variously aged selves with hypnotic, occasionally ruthless dexterity, mapping new narrative sequences and creating damning or salubrious conversations.
Perhaps predictably the mellowest of the movies. They for the most part seem to have settled into an autumnal contentment. The big conflicts have been largely resolved.
As the project hits its half-century mark, with the "kids" settling into middle age, the signature cross-cutting between then, now and everything in between feels downright Proustian in its emotional depth.
Apted, now 72, has said he'll keep calling on his subjects every seven years until he or they are dead. Whether the subjects show up or not, I for one will be in line when 63 Up comes around.
This suffers as well from the fact that the subjects' lives haven't changed all that much since 49 Up (2005); perhaps the series will improve yet as they head into old age.
The original documentary was intended to illustrate how the country's deeply ingrained class system inscribed itself on the aspirations and inner lives of its young people. But the successive movies have been far less polemical.
We're now at 56 Up,, and with each passing calendar leap, the experience of watching has only become more soul-stirring.
a window into our shared human experience, and a terrific one at that.
56 Up has become a stirring reflection, even tribute, to the little bends and turns of ordinariness, the ebbs and surges of everyday lives.
Apted's subjects would object to the idea that we really know them, but we think we do -- and that's good enough to make his film feel like a reunion, a visit with an old friend. Or 14 of them.
Yes, on some level it's just a seven-year check-in with people maybe half-remembered, if that. Yet the films also serve as a kind of check-in with us, too.
Chances are that you'll come away from this long film feeling a sense of knowing its characters.
We might say that '56 Up' serves much the same function as 'Amour,' but it responds to the inevitability of decline with compassion, not dread.
What started as a crafty way of looking at the U.K.'s rigid class structure has grown into a portrait of melancholy middle age, with its heartbreaks and minor-key triumphs.
In 49 Up, many of the series' subjects seemed to be just settling into their bliss; now they're committed to it, and the foreclosed possibilities that come alongside.
Those British kids are now 56
Watching the eighth film is intriguing but, in a way, disappointing. At this point in the game, it feels as if all the characters have determined their lots in life and are simply plodding through their interviews.
What ultimately is so compelling about 56 Up is the universality of the experiences. We were all once children. And we all will die. And in between, there is everything else.
Quite simply one of the great documentary projects in the history of cinema, an engrossing sociological experiment on film; and though this mostly mellow installment isn't as revelatory as some earlier ones, it's still a remarkable document.
... feels like a retrospective and summation of the whole series, with ample quotation from the previous films, an approach that makes it interesting even for viewers who haven't seen the previous installments.
We feel good, refreshed and depressed in watching these people get older, also embarrassed in moments and cautioned about the passage of time.
A completely unique and remarkable documentary project.
Apted skillfully weaves old footage with the new, and we become poignantly aware of another factor shaping their lives (and our own): biology, as the we watch the once-cute kids grow gray and heavy.
Perhaps the boldest and probably longest running sociological experiment on film.
I think the best thing about this movie (and the entire series) is that it forces the viewer to think about their own lives. It's kind of an awakening experience.
Apted, himself now in his early 70s, says he hopes to continue the series further. Long may it live.
Watching "56 Up" gives you the wonderful feeling of seeing a sociological experiment blossom into something novelistically rich and humane.
Time has been neither kind nor cruel to the 13 men and women profiled in "56 UP." It has just been time, which is what this groundbreaking series is about.
Once again, Apted assembles a captivating documentary that's profoundly educational, essential viewing to aid the understanding of the human experience.
"56 Up" is well worth seeing.
56 Up is still moving and philosophic, though not as exciting as earlier episodes, which had more drama.
The running time is over two hours, but the lives here are richly revealed and vastly rewarding.
We are all older now, and this series proves it in a most deeply moving way.
Inevitably, one looks in the mirror afterward and thinks, What have I lost? What have I gained? And at what cost?
Apted possesses the unsettling ability to shape perceptions of their lives and personalities from inside an editing suite, a fact that the members of his flock begin to recognize at varying points throughout their adult years.
...can be seen and appreciated by both those who have followed series and those to whom it is all new.
It's like the startling time lapse photography of "Chasing Ice" had been applied to the human race.
See you again in 7 years, friends.
In the eighth installment of Michael Apted's epochal documentary series, his aging participants (one of cinema's greatest assemblage of living characters) provide not just a telescope into the past but also a kind of primer for how to live.
To see "56 Up" is to be reunited with an old friend.
The granddaddy of longitudinal documentaries impressively reaches grandparenthood. . . continuing to reveal as much about the heard (but not seen) Apted as his interviewees.
Continuing Michael Apted's insightful commentary on how life can be full of surprises.
The latest, and perhaps greatest installment in a great documentary series. Moving, amusing and eye-opening.
"56 Up" reminds us that change is ceaseless and often dramatic, bringing growth we could never have dreamed of as little kids.
Apted creates a graceful back-and-forth from the earlier films to the present, and the experience of seeing people who have lived so much on screen is quite profound.
The effect is often profoundly moving, but you can't help but feel at times like there are other stories here you're missing.
For those of us already fans of the series and invested in the characters over the course of seven films and 42 years it's a necessary continuation and curiosity.
Being able to view this slice of life (no matter how contrived or edited it may be by the shows producers) provides an enjoyable and provocative perspective into humanity.
What gives the series its force is not just its universality but also its particularity. These grown-ups may be Everyman, but they are also singular.
More reflective than previous entries, 56 UP is also a richer, fuller, more emotional experience
"56 Up" is a rather bittersweet chapter, as age begins to further narrow those possibilities already defined at birth. And it hints that "63 Up," if we get there, may be sadder still.
If 56 Up is something of a pleasant bore while you're watching it, it gains more resonance when you think about it as the calm before the approaching storm.
'56 Up" is as good a point as any to get hooked on the magnificent half-century series of documentaries ...
These are moving images of touchingly vibrant lives at certain moments in time and space.
It offers a few insights, and fascinating updates on the most compelling characters.
The superb latest addition to the documentary series by Michael Apted, following the lives of 14 people in England.
It shows that life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. And how, in case we forget, every age can predict the next.
A rich portrait of how individual lives progress, and how age shapes expectations and experience.
As pop anthropology, the series is unchallenged.
Self-contained enough for theatrical auds new to the series, it will play best with those who've come to care for these Brits over time.
[The film will be] of interest to faithful followers and easily accessible to newcomers.
An intimate portrait of settling down and finally making peace with one's well-publicized past.
The series is both a testimonial to the vagaries of chance and an endlessly cyclical study into the implications of being studied.
More than ever in this seventh edition, the Up people seem to be fulfilling Henry David Thoreau's observation that "most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them."
The most vital and moving sociological document of our times remains invigorating despite mostly maintaining the status quo because by now the "characters", older, balder, and podgier, are like old friends.


@highlight

Director Michael Apted continues to utilize cinema as a window into the lives of everyday people, and in the reflection of this documentary we can glimpse our own aging humanity.