The result is a personal work of art rather than a docudrama, and it was a stirring début for Hamilton ...
Night Catches Us shouldn't be confused for something as blanket as "that black panther movie" or even a political movie, but more like a story about what it really takes to move on when you're so stuck on here.
For those people who are looking for a revealing glimpse into that social/political/cultural movement, this poorly conceived ode to the Panthers is not illuminating.
The script undercuts the measured performances with blunt, melodramatic proclamations.
Despite some on-the-nose dialogue and a needless revelatory flourish toward the end, Hamilton gets at the strangeness of lived American history, in which violent ruptures leave behind poorly understood scars.
...Night Catches Us has a lived-in, almost languid feel, with artistic cinematography by David Tumblety capturing moments that are as perfectly framed as still photographs.
February 1, 2011 Writer-director Tanya Hamilton and two of today's most gifted actors have produced a sensitive drama with a powerful conclusion.
Tanya Hamilton's Night Catches Us, a snapshot of the post-Black Power movement era, suffers most from its structural deficiencies.
Writer-director Tanya Hamilton has crafted an intriguing narrative even if she struggles to realize it onscreen.
Tanya Hamilton directed her own script, and though her ending leaves loose ends dangling, the movie is refreshing for its seriousness and originality.
Attempts to pry the lid off a painful chapter of American history that textbook writers and elected officials would rather erase or whitewash.
This is just another reminder there is a whole pool of acting talent in America, almost a whole film industry, that white audiences are largely unaware of.
The real story here is the arrival of (director Tanya) Hamilton.
Washington and Mackie both deliver deeply-felt performances in roles that are all about nuance, particularly when the text sometimes fails them.
Except for a stellar soundtrack by the Roots, there isn't much here to make anyone overly excited.
works in maddening shades of gray and pure, compelling lyricism to tell a tragic story about events that are neither right nor wrong, but somewhere in between
An excellent achievement for its ability to weave so many complex themes and shades of gray with such poise.
Anthony Mackie and Kerry Washington nearly rescue the piece but it just doesn't come together into anything memorable enough to recommend.
As a director, Hamilton makes Liv Ullmann look like an action movie director - and just for the record, Ullmann makes Ingmar Bergman look like Jerry Bruckheimer.
Its rhythm forces audiences to pay attention to what its superb actors express non-verbally, and to measure the weight of the characters' past lives.
The film leads to no showy conclusion, no spectacular climax. It is about movement possible within the soul even in difficult times.
Sometimes [the film] wisely demonstrates that even in a volatile time and place, there's a time and place to take action. Other times it feels like a shorthand lesson for kids.
A poorly-paced, bland and underwhelming drama that can't be saved by its authentic production values nor by Washington and Mackie's strong performances.
The movie evokes its time and place so potently that it almost doesn't matter that Hamilton's script proves unequal to her vision.
Night Catches Us, a politically sophisticated and ethically serious film, makes no big speeches or obvious points.
Through its two leads, Kerry Washington and Anthony Mackie, "Night Catches Us' is a provocative and powerful drama that moves with solid acting from the ensemble cast.
...drab, pause-laden, and indecisive
It raises tangled questions about whether it is better to live humiliated or arm yourself, yet for the most part it's dramatically inert, talky and directionless, and it ends quietly without saying much of anything.
Hamilton will no doubt make more polished movies, but this one has unusual atmosphere and emotional depth, and tackles subject matter no mainstream American film would touch without Hazmat equipment.
Mackie and Washington are too fine to let stock situations overtake them.
Merits admiration as an ambitious debut feature, though the impact of its splendid cast is blunted by the awkward structure of its screenplay.
Tending towards lyricism rather than urgency, the director strikes a tone that is both melancholic and ultimately hopeful
It's either a testament to David Tumblety's cinematography or a knock to Philly that the city looks gray and gritty, perfect for the '70s milieu of locally-based writer-director Tanya Hamilton's film.
Night Catches Us, Tanya Hamilton's first feature as a director, is something to cherish.
Hamilton drifts dangerously close to formula, and risks reducing her genuinely fascinating subject to a backdrop. But Mackie and Washington are too fine to let stock situations overtake them.
Most successful are the scenes involving Marcus and Iris, a 10-year-old girl who grew up fatherless and watchful of her tumultuous surroundings.
...a small film, one that could as easily play on the tube as the big screen, that marks a solid debut for Hamilton. If only she'd brought the history so integral to her characters into sharper focus.
[Anthony] Mackie and [Kerry] Washington -- two of the best young actors working today -- are exceptional, especially when they get a chance to share the screen.
Here is an honorable attempt to address a complex chapter of African-American pride, one that's usually hidden under hairdos and wah-wah pedals.
Writer-director Tanya Hamilton's striking debut is the rare recent American-independent film that goes beyond the private dramas of its protagonists, imagining them as players in broader historical moments.
A Prodigal Panther pays the price to make peace with a turbulent past.
"Night Catches Us" never catches up with the past that it only keeps in its rearview perspective.
A gritty urban race relation pic set in the simmering summer streets of Philadelphia.
The movie's real power is in the way it connects its characters to not just their environment and their past but to everyone's past, the historical past -- the historical record.
A bittersweet and well-acted drama set in 1976 about two African-Americans in Philadelphia forced to come to terms with the ghosts of their past.
Rich in every facet. Hamilton has a firm grasp on every aspect of the filmmaking process and it shows.
...a complex, intriguing film written and directed by Tanya Hamilton and set in Philadelphia's African American community in the summer of 1976.
Making a remarkable feature debut, Hamilton distinguishes herself more as a filmmaker than as a screenwriter.
This might be Tanya Hamilton's debut film, but this was not a movie for amateurs. She clearly took her time and did research. A Columbia University grad, she made a movie that is leagues ahead of that of a typical first-time filmmaker.
Acting, particularly by Anthony Mackie and Kerry Washington, is first-rate, but the story is as ramshackle as a South Philly tenement, with an equal number of structural violations.
The film is compelling as it dramatizes the confusing and contradictory impulses in the black community during that time.
Despite a heartfelt approach and some capable performances, Night Catches Us is a collection of thoughtful ideas in search of a screenplay.
The star power of natural movie stars Anthony Mackie and Kerry Washington lights up and keeps afloat Tanya Hamilton's Night Catches Us




@highlight

A bold, original debut, Night Catches Us personalizes a tumultuous period in American history thanks to strong performances from Anthony Mackie and Kerry Washington.