Beneath the surface, there's a sincere exploration of friendship and loss of innocence, delivered with conviction by a sharp young cast.
[Super Dark Times] is an impressive piece of work that deserves to be seen. And if it takes the hype around something more mainstream to draw attention to its existence, well, stranger things have happened.
I wasn't as impressed with the film as some of my fellow audience members, but Kevin Phillips, transitioning from music videos to feature films and from cinematography to directing, has an undeniable eye.
An effective thriller, anchored by great performances and a strong visual language for a debut film.
Super Dark Times is a film that I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a suspenseful and meaningful drama.
Super Dark Times appeals to the tactile and sensory memories of anyone who grew up in a middle-class suburb around the turn of the century.
Without spoiling anything, Super Dark Times is scary because it takes the time to examine how a single act of violence can ripple differently through several lives based on what's already there.
a perverse and strange exploration of real horror, via the unsteady, ill-equipped perspective of doltish teenagers.
Both a thriller and meditation on the loss of innocence, Super Dark Times is rich with the minutiae of a bygone era ... but Phillips and screenwriters Ben Collins and Luke Piotrowski press hard against the instinct for nostalgia.
[Kevin] Phillips kind of stumbles when he tries for a pat wrap-up of a still-horrific problem. But when he digs into the muck of the rot at the heart of it, he comes up with some unforgettable moments.
Phillips has crafted one helluva directorial debut with Super Dark Times, an experience laced with palpable tension akin to a boiling kettle that's ready to blow at any given moment, and I highly recommend that genre fans seek this one out.
... there is a refreshing candor to this film that's wonderful.
A genre film that has things to say about the world in which we live, its emptiness and the chasm between cause and effect.
It's a film that remembers how awful it can be to grow up, and that even those who survive it usually don't get out without taking a few scars.
For a first-time director, [Kevin] Phillips has an unusually strong handle on the finer arts of setting a mood and evoking time and place.
What makes "Super Dark Times" one of the most exciting American filmmaking debuts in recent years is how well Phillips and company grasp both the intensity and ephemerality of adolescence.
Super Dark Times perfectly nails the minute details of adolescence-a minefield of confusion about right and wrong that leads to all kinds of impulsive bad decisions.
Unfortunately the story is such an indie-cinema chestnut that its familiarity tends to overshadow Phillips's careful cultural notation, and the movie drifts further into mystery convention as it goes along.
The performances from the film's young cast members are uniformly excellent, including Owen Campbell as Zach and Charlie Tahan as Josh. But the direction from Mr. Phillips is what makes "Super Dark Times" unusual.
Super Dark Times is much sharper on the minds of ordinary teen boys than it is on what happens when those minds snap.
Though the final sequence of events is oddly paced and difficult to follow, [Kevin] Phillips succeeds by using the language and logic of teenagers to tell this story.
Super Dark Times is an unsettling, technically accomplished entry into the recent boom of genre pictures examining losses of innocence through their own unique lenses.
There are shades of not only Stephen King in Super Dark Times, but also Spielberg, River's Edge and Donnie Darko. Phillips filters his material through a disarming aesthetic.
... "Super Dark Times" is visceral and gripping throughout, its probing compositions forcing you to peer deeper and deeper into the darkness.
The transformation of a teen into a serial killer isn't credible compared to the portrait of idle suburban adolescence.
Super Dark Times is a worthy, tightly realized thriller of young lives that's better when it's thinking deeply than when it builds with stock blueprints.
The kids aren't all right in an unsettling independent winner.
Super Dark Times is a gripping, visceral movie that those of us who grew up in suburbs similar to the one depicted here might experience as deja vu. This is how it feels to finally recognize the off-ness of someone you've always taken for granted.
SUPER DARK TIMES can certainly be commended for its scarily accurate portrayal of young white male angst, its solid performances, and deceptive setting but I still have trouble reconciling with what it's ultimately trying to say.
Super Dark Times is a dangerous mix of adolescent tensions and a deadly deed that ignites something much more explosive.
An effective, nasty thriller and a rare horror film that provides an emotional investment because the portrait of teenhood is utterly authentic.
Though beautifully shot by Eli Born as '90s ultra-Americana, Super Dark Times never seems sure which way to make us look. Which isn't a good thing.
Super Dark Times is that special kind of film that we as genre fans are always desperate to discover, the one that we fall in love with and show to all of our friends. It's essentially a new classic that will stand the test of time.
Phillips' collaborators work in harmony with the natural, nuanced acting; credits across the board are stylish and smooth, with lensing a standout.
At what feels suspiciously like the Robert-McKee-approved screenplay page number for Beginning of Act 3, an unnecessary new development is introduced, and then ill-advisedly followed through on, right to its sensationalist genre-tinged conclusion.
Strikingly shot, edited and scored, with convincing and vivid performances from a youthful cast, the picture loses its footing in the final stretch but should still take high rank among U.S. debuts of its ilk this year.
It's hard not to appreciate the astute ways the script captures the moment when carefree childhood turns into the loss of innocence.

@highlight

Rich in atmosphere and period detail, Super Dark Times is an effective teen thriller whose true power lies in its approach to deeper themes.