In the end, our arrogant hero is humbled and must face the fact that he has cut himself off from real feeling, the same with our heroine. Meeting each other has rendered all their tactics useless, and they stumble blind and grateful into each others arms.
Under- whelming, and predictable cookie cutter romantic comedy fluff...
Will Smith charms again; best for teens and up.
In a movie where the film's trailer has spoiled all its best scenes, and the onscreen chemistry between our primary lovebirds is a failed experiment, it's refreshing that "Hitch" still provides that rare buoyant romantic lift that the genre promises.
Does everyone fall in love after the third date? In his world, they do.
It's a fantasy that will fill box-office coffers, but it makes for a movie that's a little too innocuous for its own good.
full review in Greek
Fans of movies like The Wedding Planner and You've Got Mail looking for a charming date movie with lots of laughs will fall in love with Hitch.
Does a fine job of staying away from an overage of boredom and sentimentality while providing a good mix of laughter along the way.
For what it is, Hitch gets the job done.
Will Smith can play a matchmaker, too!
Very likeable and enjoyable for the most part, even endearing; the film stumbles a bit in the telling. Hitch just barely swings into a B+ on charm.
...Hitch asserts that men are simple-minded, oafish, accident-prone, not nearly as smart as women, and freaking adorable!
Smith's knockout comic performance, with its perfect pitches and pauses, ultimately saves the day.
Harmless fun for the dating crowd.
Sometimes cotton candy tastes really yummy, pop songs are fun for the ears, and movies like Hitch can make for a breezy good time.
James comes crashing nervously into the movie like a fat guy who went through the wrong door and ended up on the fashion show catwalk. He's perfect.
Will Smith may be on the poster, and he may be the catalyst, but Kevin James is the star and heart and soul of this movie.
All that's left is Smith's considerable charm and James's appealing goofiness - and they're not enough.
Sure, it has its precious moments -- but Hitch has the smarts to defuse them with large doses of slapstick, wit, or outright silliness.
The film is largely well-designed fantasy that is fun and entertaining.
Those who have seen enough of these films - and who know all their tricks - will likely recognize that Hitch is nothing special.
Works as a capsule -- a snapshot -- of what American metropolitan dating has become: a game of social defense.
Hitch will make dorky, husky guys like Kevin James and myself feel some hope that we too can date women who look like models
With it's share of Jerry Maguire moments mixed with real romance corn, Hitch is well worth the date.
Enjoyable romantic comedy that is sharply written and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, thanks to a hilarious performance by supporting actor Kevin James.
A full 120 minutes dedicated to the hilarious comic notion that white people can't dance (hee, hee - it's funny because it's true, we're so lame!)
James is a gleeful crackup opposite Smith.
Hitch isn't a memorable date.
Merely cute when it could be affecting, pleasant when it could be relevant.
Reminds us, sweetly, charmingly, and humorously, what Will Smith used to be like before he became an overnight action sensation.
While the last act of the film is kind of forced, most of it is just perfect.
...good date film...
.....laugh yourself silly as Will Smith and Kevin James make up the screen's most unlikely comic duo since Schwarzenegger and DeVito in "Twins".
Say what you "Will", but Mr. Smith is one entertaining guy
What this comedy lacks in cleverness or originality it more than makes up for with charm.
I didn't expect much from Hitch and, not surprisingly, I didn't get much -- but I was entranced by the film nonetheless, from a historical perspective.
Dating is difficult. Relationships can be tough. "Hitch" wants to be the Band-Aid that heals the wound.
Romantic comedy is to cinema what hot dogs are to cuisine - the question is only whether it's been prepared decently. And this one has.
Hitch claims to spit on the importance of coded language in relationships. But these are only nice asides; the film is too comfortable with the rom-com statusquo.
Proves how the occasional TV actor (or two) can, indeed, make a smooth transition to motion pictures.
Agreeable if not exactly good.
... while both of these performers look great together, they really don't seem to belong together.
Only has one thing going for it and that's Will Smith, but that's enough.
Kevin James is the film's greatest asset by far.
Se esta comédia oferece algumas boas gargalhadas, todas se devem a Kevin James.
A half-hearted attempt at a Valentine's Day date movie. Blind dates are one thing, but dumb and blind movies are another.
Smith and Mendes, unfortunately, fizzle rather than spark, a near-fatal flaw in a romance that depends on its leads' chemistry to succeed.
Hitch falls predictably in place, but it throws surprises out along the way and has surprising substance.
Hitch wastes both Will Smith and Kevin James with yet another convoluted romantic fable
Will Smith began his acting career as a prince, and he remains one of the most engaging, adorable actors on the planet.
Smith has another hit, James beats pal Ray Romano to movie stardom, and acting lessons pay off for a supermodel.
With involving performance by Will Smith and Eva Mendes this Valentine romancer is certainly worth seeing.
Andy Tennant may be the best marketing guru in Hollywood. It's too bad he's directing Hitch
Will Smith and Kevin James keep the whole thing going thanks to the chemistry of their oddball pairing
It won't change your life, but it will keep you happily entertained for a couple hours.
For a fairly typical romantic comedy, Hitch is a mildly entertaining diversion that ultimately becomes engulfed in its formulaic trappings.
To play off of the Heavy D/Aaron Hall classic, now that Smith has found a love story, what is Hollywood gonna do with him? I look forward to finding out.
Whaddaya know -- Kevin James actually is the star of the new Will Smith movie!
Hitch falls into that weird gray area of movies I sort of liked, but sort of didn't.
I did enjoy the buddy dynamic between Smith and James, who puts kind of a cocky spin on the clumsy fat guy cliches. And there were about a half-dozen jokes that had me laughing out loud.
Hitch has us from hello.
Hitch doesn't impress with its sophomoric observations on sexual politics.
This lighter than air souffle offers little beyond Will Smith's currently palatable magnetism.
Looks like another love TKO.
The movie's last two minutes, in which they all do goofy dances and have no dialogue or script to get in their way, is easily the highlight. It's the previous 113 minutes of plot that cause problems.
It runs out of gas about halfway through and becomes just another sitcom with silly sight gags replacing the clever dialogue.
By no means is this one of Smith's better performances, but he's such a likeable, self-effacing (not to mention good looking) performer it's not exactly difficult to watch him work.
Although somewhat predictable, labored and gimmicky, Tennant's narrative is given a boisterous boost by its charismatic leading rogue in Will Smith.
A smart romantic comedy and a fabulous showcase for its leads and New York City setting.
Smith is the stale prince of charming grins and adorable asides; it's astounding that this is his first real romantic comedy, because it feels like he's been doing this shtick for years.
Having conquered Independence Day, Will Smith has set his sights on Valentine's Day.
Hitch is light and funny for audiences in an undemanding mood.
Hitch isn't the 'cure for the common man,' as its tagline suggests; but it's definitely the cure for the common.
Smith and James make such an inspired comedic team ... that the movie's conventional romances can't possibly match the spark these two generate.
This is as formulaic a comedy as humanly possible. Smith's charm and his collaberation with James produce enough laughs to save it from terminal derivativity.
...several stories form a funny tapestry that is well woven by helmer Andy Tennant.
A likable love story that keeps you engaged even when it's tearing a few dog-eared pages out of the romantic comedy playbook.
Smith and Mendes are terrific together. He brings her game up so high you'd think she has had as many good parts as Smith.
Smith, of course, is so cool he can afford to pretend to be uncool; but what really works for him here is the interplay with James, whose inner-wild-man dance moves alone are worth the price of admission.
In my view, Smith would do well to tweak his career a bit. How nice if he'd find a small, serious movie that tests his acting chops. Can the action heroes. Scrap the charm.
Manages time and again to deliver familiar notes that it then jazzes up.
Smith has more comic charisma with James than Mendes, not that there's anything wrong with that.
Here's hoping this first romantic comedy won't be his last. Or the best.
Will Smith has always had an easy time grabbing the spotlight.
Virtually hitch-free, making it a true cinema valentine.
You can almost see the filmmakers flailing their arms, desperately manufacturing contrivance upon contrivance to separate and reunite the movie's unlikely pair.
More like a skit that doesn't know when to pack it in.
Will Smith proves that if he ever wants to stop fighting screen robots, aliens or drug dealers, he is more than able to fill the rom-com leading-man shoes.
This is the sort of role Smith carries off effortlessly, a decent, level-headed all-American guy who's more sensitive than his imposing physique might suggest.
It's amiable enough, but it's likely that even the easiest-to-please of viewers won't be overly impressed.
Lame mistaken identity subplots are a staple of romantic comedy, but this one is intrusive and clunky by any standard.
The streamlined plot is nothing new, but the physical comedy and trademark Smith glibness work their charm.
It's a good script, packed with knowing zingers about the game of love.
If the muddy romantic comedy Hitch gives the hope of a Smith freed from computerized trickery and ludicrous shoot-outs, it's still not the ideal vehicle for its star's talents.
It is smarter than your average rom-com and boasts some genuine pathos towards the end. The movie certainly has enough commendable qualities to earn referrals from dating gurus.
Most of the credit goes to Smith, who is wonderfully at-ease in everything he does and here he effortlessly carries the movie.
Even though a little less Hitch might have been a better thing, the Fresh Prince keeps the proceedings from becoming too stale.
Faint praise it may be, but those looking for a cute date movie this weekend could do far worse. As could Smith, for that matter.
There are enough laughs, winning performances, attractive people and appealing romance to make Hitch an amusing option for the Valentine season.
Smith, with one tweak or twinkle too much, could become too smug, too princely, but is almost totally appealing.
Director Andy Tennant and screenwriter Kevin Bisch establish a breezy tone and offer up a New York that exists only in the movies, in the best, most escapist sense.
Be prepared to be charmed, fall in love (several times) and laugh yourself silly. It's the perfect date movie, just in time for Valentine's Day.
A rare studio product that earns the goodwill it smugly demands.
When it's funny, it's truly funny and the featured couples all have an easy and believable chemistry.
Forget about the predictable twists: Hitch works best when it's a buddy comedy, with Smith and James having a blast as smooth Yoda and jiggly Jedi.
From the very opening, when Hitch begins explaining to the camera that love sometimes needs an outside assist to get started, he owns the audience.
To enjoy this film, it helps to check your brain at the box office.
In the end, the two halves of the movie feel as if they are forced together, leaving messes that Tennant and screenwriter Kevin Bisch never really clean up.
It's puzzling that Smith has taken this long to try a romantic comedy.
Marvelous Will Smith and his mostly watchable supporting cast soldier on bravely, but they're marching straight into quicksand.
The premise is intriguing, and for a time it seems that the Date Doctor may indeed know things about women that most men in the movies are not allowed to know, but the third act goes on autopilot just when the Doctor should be in.
All of the funniest bits from "Hitch" are in the trailer, what's left is a sweet, down to earth romantic comedy with a really likable cast.
This is surprisingly funny - it has a great opening and closing montage; both quickly establish the story and mood of the movie... Will Smith swept us all off our feet.
Every so often you simply want a movie set in movie-land, featuring attractive people saying things that, if not witty, at least don't need a laugh track to prop them up, and you want it to play fair within the context of its tiny universe.
Hitch is one of those movies - common in the 1930s but rare today - where we envy how the stars speak so urbanely in everyday conversation
A sweet, slick, streamlined yet, ultimately, forgettable ploy in the game of love
...a klutzy, long-winded, far-fetched and not-all-that-funny affair that somehow flashes an unobjectionable charm when expectations are kept low.
The magnetic chemistry of the actors ... elevates the story's familiar rhythms above leagues of imitators.
... Adds up to far more than the formula typically allows.
Like eager kids on their first date, this romantic comedy stumbles and fumbles at times but its heart is definitely in the right place. Sometimes that's just enough.
[Writer] Bisch... has a fairly dim view of humanity... as easily manipulated automatons...
Hitch is a film propelled by the charisma of its actors, especially (Will) Smith and (Kevin) James.
Couldn't we please have at least one movie (that isn't European) where the fat gal gets the hot guy?
The date doctor operates like an overly eager comic intern. That's the only real glitch in Hitch.
Hitch skates by on appeal and indefatigability of effort.
A romantic comedy that's easy to fall in love with.
...a facile, undemanding romantic comedy elevated from formula dreck by the considerable charisma of Will Smith
Will Smith's charisma helps make this sweet, slight romantic comedy about a modern Cupid a light and disposable pleasure.
Will Smith is a remarkable talent, his reactive comic timing a thing of beauty.
Hitch will make a great date movie.
If Alex Hitchens were a green thumb, he'd probably be called Alex Gardner. If he were a cook, he'd probably be Alex O'Spatchula...But that's how romantic comedies work.
It's just too bad that Smith wanted to play it so safe and so easy when Hitch could've benefited from a stronger vision and much bigger laughs.
A standard-issue rom-com in almost every respect, but the irresistible charm of its lead pushes it over the top.
Screenwriter Kevin Bisch emphasizes tired jokes and stock situations over anything resembling reality, something that's exacerbated by a seriously overlong running time.
Knows its formula well enough to run its finger along the grooves quick and smooth.
Director Andy Tennant is actor-friendly throughout, giving his performers (including a sweet turn by Julie Ann Emery as Mendes' best friend) a chance to breathe in their roles.
Smith carries it off with his effortless charm and confidence, whether he's chatting up a woman, conspiring with the audience, or instructing a client, and director Andy Tennant gives it a light gloss and an easy lilt.
The film moves in fits and starts, and is way too long, but it may prove memorable, if only for the sweet, marvelously inventive performance of Kevin James.
A pleasant date movie with several laughs and a couple of smiles.
Smith is a gifted comic actor, and seeing him in a lighthearted comedy, his first romantic lead, is a pure pleasure.
How reassuring to realize that happy surprises are still possible. Hitch is one of the happiest.
Not so much movie as antidote -- to the cynicism that's rampant in most Hollywood romantic comedies.
Too many false endings and time issues aside, Hitch is difficult to discount when it handles the rom-com formula better than most of its insufferably dumbed-down ilk.
An average romantic comedy, starring Will Smith and Eva Mendes, that is as soft and sweet as a marshmallow, and about as interesting.
You know what's being fed to you and yet you slurp it down just the same.
Smith and sexy Mendes spar nicely, but they don't spark. In movies, that's the kiss of death.
The sour subplot, in which Sara's dark side mistakes Hitch for a cad, staggers to a gummy resolution, throwing a wet-blanket reminder that romantic comedy -- indeed, romance itself -- isn't what it used to be.
For women, it purveys the dream that men really, really care about what they think. For men, it holds out the fantasy that babes are attracted to geeky men who really, really care about what they think. What's not to like?
Hitch suffers from a good-joke deficit that even Smith's charm has trouble balancing.
Andy Tennant, Will Smith and Kevin James have managed to deliver a decent comedy out of a one-note idea.
James and Smith are terrific together.
The romantic comedy genre needs infusion of new blood, but this film is utterly predictable, by-the-number, thoigh Will Smith has charm.
It's an equal-opportunity fizzle.
A little like being on a blind date. Bits of it are charming, much of it is awkward and several sequences plod along with the self-consciousness of a first-date stop-and-start conversation.
Will Smith finally makes the leap into romantic comedies with the delightful if somewhat predictable Hitch. Will, baby, what took you so long?
a pleasant enough meringue of a romantic comedy. Light, sweet, and essentially insubstantial
Smith charms his way through piled-on platitudes and social faux-pas' with his groove intact.
Forget Will Smith and Eva Mendes. You'll hope for a hook-up on future films between Smith and the very funny Kevin James. Their chemistry saves an otherwise mediocre movie.
...self-deprecating moments ... make `Hitch' work, largely because they tie into the movie's belief that the appeal of a perfect man lies in his imperfections.
Men may be from Mars, and women from Venus, but Hitch hails from the planet GetMeSome.
A bright and sharp-witted -- if predictable -- romantic comedy.
A warm and witty comedy that unfortunately runs itself into the ground during its final act.
It makes nerds and studs alike so noble that it turns the chase into a neutered game.
It is a romantic comedy, released for Valentine's weekend no less, that is willing to look at the darker underside of dating
the makers of Hitch - a film that overstays its welcome by a good half-hour - seem to be the only filmmakers in Hollywood to not know how to put together a fast happy ending
By the time Smith offers up his unnecessary race-against-the-clock mea culpa, Hitch's cupid's arrow has already veered way off course.
Good performances pump up the fun in this lively romantic comedy.
The real chemistry isn't between Smith and Mendes, it's between Smith and James.
Like a big box of Valentine's chocolates that turn out to be a mite stale when you bite into them.
Everything about Hitch seems off.
This is a very entertaining picture.
Will Smith is pure delight, as if we didn't know.
An urban fantasy, with florid observations about life and love...Sometimes, competent direction and a brace of star power are enough.
the kind of romantic comedy that even the most unromantic lout in your life will enjoy.
Hitch is infinitely preferable to rooting for Jennifer Lopez to find love with her feather duster again or watching Meg Ryan pretend not to age.








@highlight

Despite Hitch's predictability, Will Smith and Kevin James win praise for their solid, warmhearted performances.