The whole film ... is not thrilling or moving; it is interesting, which is fine by me but will not make it a huge success.
If you don't have the range to play anything other than the same sort of comedic role as an over-the-top human oddity, maybe you shouldn't try to ply your trade as a dramatic actor.
There is conviction in Ifans' performance; he's so insistent that Joe returns his love but just can't admit that even Joe starts to wonder if something did pass between them.
Daniel Craig gives a solid performance in the tradition of Hitchcock's wrong men.
A tale of obsession with less hot air than your average thriller.
'Enduring Love' -- at least until its final 20 minutes -- is considerably more intelligent and less sensationalistic than most thrillers of this type.
The notion that being stalked can lead to a spiritual rebirth is pretty goofy, but Enduring Love is skillful enough to make it seem like a reasonable proposition.
An iconoclastic meditation on human devotion that might as easily be condemning its titular emotion as lauding it.
It's a genuinely intriguing thriller and a mystery with a most rewarding conclusion.
A fatal lack of character development dooms Enduring Love as little more than a fleeting curiosity.
Wholly absorbing... subtly trapping us in the perspective of a beleaguered protagonist, who himself is trapped in an inchoate state of grief and fantasy.
Love is a delicate thing, and identity even more so. Enduring Love breathtakingly tears both asunder to find them anew...it is, in a word, exquisite.
Puts the psychological back into psychological thriller.
The film balances two related themes with insight: the guilt in the aftermath of tragedy and the challenges of a relationship that moves from unwanted to ominous.
Worth the admission price if only for the stunning opening sequence but after that there's little to shout about.
The lack of a really sympathetic or interesting main character makes the film version a bit of an endurance test.
It's heady stuff, though stretched too far for convenience.
Though Ifans has the splashier role, Craig, last seen in Michell's previous film, 2003's equally provocative The Mother, is outstanding as a man whose philosophy cannot be reconciled with his feelings.
An actor's movie, and the three leads give shatteringly honest performances.
the intensity floats away like an out-of-control hot-air balloon, which carries its passengers off into oblivion.
An intelligent and gripping dramatic thriller, Enduring Love is a real rarity: a film better than the book it's adapted from.
A statement of at once how little the world cares and how much we want it to.
Watch the first five minutes very carefully.
A story that educates but never elucidates.
Daniel Craig's performance is extremely compelling.
This Brit import has several things going for it, including the best 10 opening minutes of any movie we've seen this year.
It's not entirely satisfying, but it's too intriguing to dismiss.
Although (Rhys) Ifans is a convincing force on screen, this role (and much of the film, really) feels like an odd fit.
A weirdly mesmerizing ode to obsession, guilt, madness, death and love.
After this promising start, the movie itself suddenly downturns and plummets to its own death.
Enduring Love is unsettling for both characters and audience, but offers three of the best character portrayals of the year.
Full of hot air.
Penhall's screenplay captures the emotional isolation that grips people touched by cataclysm.
Samantha Morton's unfathomable face once more offers opportunity to want and imagine.
Compelling but uneven drama.
The movie's ace in the hole is Rhys Ifans, whose scraggly looks and ability to play daft make him perfect as the delusional Jed.
It hurts to see a director so sure-footed with Jane Austen being so bookishly conceptual with twisted identity games, and letting music build into a '50s soaper storm.
Loses altitude steadily after the memorable prologue.
This is a grim, often lifeless tale played with such humorless intensity that watching it is far more like an endurance contest than a love affair.
Does a fine job of slowly racheting up the psychological tension.
There's something flat and obscure about this well-acted stalker movie/
Enduring Love is better in parts than as a whole. Ultimately, the film has too many jagged edges.
The movie does not pretend to have the answers, but it's hopeful and curious to ask them.
Filmmaker Roger Michell doesn't so much adapt Ian McEwan's fine novel Enduring Love, a surgically precise anatomy of romance and obsession, as eviscerate it and wave its entrails before the audience.
This drama about love, catastrophe and obsession raises a lot of questions but leaves it to viewers to provide most of the answers.
An intelligent albeit creepy adaptation of Ian McEwan's novel, film excels beautifully thanks to some solid performances and a heady script.**
Hitchcockian-inspired entertainment that haunts to the last frame.
It flutters around fitfully, still filled with air, then falls in a deflated heap in the corner.
With a power that resonates, Enduring Love captures that sense of lives blown apart by a sudden gust.
Enduring Love not only explores the nature and meaning of love, but fate, faith, science and chaos and it does so in an engrossing, intelligent and, ultimately, frightening way.
Well-meaning, yet listless.
It walks the line between romantic piety and utter tastelessness, opting to be a cheap potboiler only after it's run out of ways to seem profound.
Most movies remain at the top level of action: They are about what happens. A few consider the meaning of what happened, and even fewer deal with the fact that we have a choice, some of the time, about what happens and what we do about it.
It's the best kind of movie: so alive in its storytelling that only in retrospect do you realize that the ideas represent a metaphysical inquiry.
No film I can recall ever went from the highest highs to the lowest lows in the course of 90 minutes than Enduring Love.
Slowly, inexorably, it ties you in knots.
The role of Claire is so thinly conceived that it's hard to imagine what attracted one of the most consistently intriguing actresses working today to the part.
One of those outrageous stalker thrillers in which so much trouble could have been avoided if the characters had only thought to call the police.
A lot of rich characters and beautifully written.
Ifan's over the top performance is reminiscent of Glenn Close's knife wielding jilted lover in "Fatal Attraction."
Tells us that the balloons to avoid are the ones that don't know whether to float or stick to the ground. The same goes for movies.
A riveting, revealing and powerful film about the surprising shades and evolving emotions of love.
The filmmakers actually improve on McEwan's novel, a rare achievement indeed.
Enduring Love begins with such a stunningly macabre opening scene, it's a drag that the sequence is mere set-up for a ho-hum stalker story.
Enduring Love contains impeccable performances, especially by the frightening Ifans.
This slender, increasingly monotonous stalker plot feels ludicrously overintellectualized -- full of hot air. To paraphrase Freud, sometimes a balloon is just a balloon.
Movie love is usually so idealized it ennobles behavior that ordinarily would be considered stalking. Enduring Love deliberately smudges the line between what is bizarre and what is simply human nature.
The movie's opening scene is, in and of itself, worth the price of a ticket.
Director Roger Michell leaves it up to the audience to untangle the events, but by that time, the plot has taken a backseat to Craig's mesmerizing performance.
Novelist Ian McEwan's elegant prose is replaced here with awkward pseudo-philosophical exchanges of the nature of love.
The premise may sound ordinary on the surface, but it's far from a mundane thriller on the screen with its obsessions and paranoia and a very creepy stalker.
It's affirmative action for psychos.
We're conditioned as romantics to hear the first word as an adjective; but for most of the movie, it's strictly a harrowing verb.
Michell and company try to make you forget that Enduring Love begins, literally and figuratively, on such a high level before tumbling into the sordid Hitchcockian precincts of dangerous obsession.
For all its sheen and suggestion of profundity, it winds up seeming a slasher movie with intellectual pretensions.
Enduring Love is marvelously acted and smoothly directed by Mr. Michell.
Rhys Ifans plays the part of the scorned lover with neurasthenic delicacy and a spidery creepiness in this serious movie about the petty cruelties of love.
Expertly and with agonizing deliberateness, Michell ratchets up the tension among this appalling triangle.
a gay-themed Fatal Attraction in which homosexuality and deranged lunacy are treated as identical sides of the same coin.
Michell's achievement is all the greater in modulating the coiled reposes of his superb male leads.
Razor-walking self-consciousness (or just plain braininess) is perhaps impossible to depict coherently on-screen, and the someone's-watching-me vibe is otherwise overfamiliar to moviegoers.
Enduring Love tries desperately hard to pull you in, but Joe Penhall's screenplay has the characters behaving in no way related to real life.
Spellbinding.
A dramatic pic showing how an insane stalker turns about the life of a cynical professor.
Craig, in his meatiest film role to date, delivers his usual incisive performance, even if this intimate drama of contemporary Londoners pushes the boundaries of credibility.
A delicate story, intricately balancing its characters on a knife-edge of compassion and obsession
A frustrating film that abandons the promise of intrigue for something ultimately quite ordinary.
Michell's screenplay retains the pretense of McEwan's theories on love, biology, and everything in between, but the transplant is trite and messy.
Sounds formulaic on paper, but turns out to be anything but. A couple of scenes really had an affect on me, and I'm a jerk with a heart made of stone.
Story of an insidious stalker disrupting the lives of an intellectual London couple is handled in a bracing and distinctive manner.









@highlight

While it strains credibility and isn't ultimately as profound as it might first appear, Enduring Love is still an intriguing thriller fueled by strong performances from Rhys Ifans and Daniel Craig.