The best thing about the film is Ronit's estrangement by being in a familiar place in which she no longer belongs and no longer has a place; her dealings with people near and far at the same time. [Full review in Spanish]
There are no easy solutions in Disobedience. [Full Review in Spanish]
In Disobedience, Lelio demonstrates again his imprint virtue for the handling of strong scenes without escaping to the visual details and with it opening the controversy wide open. [Full Review in Spanish]
Far from a predictable foil or a mouthpiece for close-minded religiosity, Dovid instead emerges as the picture's most complex character, and Nivola is excellent at making the man sympathetic rather than sanctimonious.
The couple and their romance is not a pretext to use art and adorn history, but it is artistic in itself, involuntarily and in essence. [Full review in Spanish]
The greatest triumph for Disobedience is its look at romance. [Full Review in Spanish]
This is a solid effort that has excellent performances, an emotional story and a perfect ending. [Full review in Spanish]
By favouring the general over the specific, and gentleness over sharper criticism of the mores that hold women in loveless relationships, the story is weakened.
McAdams is also brilliant in depicting Esti's internal conflict. [Full Review in Spanish]
Filmed in a direct, classical and perhaps too literal way, the new film by the Chilean Sebastián Lelio explores again female stories within oppression. [Full Review in Spanish]
A heart-tugging portrait.
...a fairly disastrous misfire that simply doesn't work in any way, shape, or form (and this is to say nothing of McAdams' consistently distracting accent).
Complex, nuanced and soulful.
Let the record show that I gave Disobedience a fair shake and still hated it before learning that it was made by one of my least favorite working directors.
Regardless... the craftsmanship of [director Sebastián] Lelio's filmmaking and the simmering passions of these performances deserve an audience.
Even if the romantic triangle didn't work so well, the first-class performances from McAdams and Weisz are good reasons to watch Disobedience.
Director Sebastian Lelio (A Fantastic Woman) infuses touches of eroticism in this quietly disruptive portrayal of a wayward woman (Rachel Weisz) whose return home brings with it a series of conflicting values and battles about personal freedom.
The unresolved shambles of their story is appropriate.
The moral complexity, and the unresolvable messiness of torn loyalties, is artfully explored.
A great love story requires high stakes, like any other story, and this one delivers.
What distinguishes Disobedience from lesbian films such as, for example, Todd Haynes's Carol, is the context of the ultra-patriarchal society in which these two young women are so passionately drawn to one another.
The Rachels are tremendous: Weisz is the focus of the early sections of the narrative while, later, McAdams offers some of her finest work yet.
A beautiful, elegiac drama based on the novel by Naomi Alderman, Disobedience presents a tender, yet tenderising clash between a rigid faith and an unshakeable conviction.
Lelio's real strength is as a director of actors... Both Weisz and McAdams are committed and convincing.
The allusiveness of "Disobedience" becomes the springboard for the conceptual and emotional ambivalence that invigorates the film.
Weisz and McAdams are reliable as ever, and their interplay is almost electric enough to bring colour to the screen. Together they plumb unwritten depths to discover a mutual strength that prevents Disobedience from being completely depressing.
In Disobedience, everyone speaks softly, almost in a whisper, as if they were praying... That's the director's choice, but it doesn't make for riveting viewing.
Disobedience is not a wholly satisfactory experience, but it is always a joy to see two actors on the same level lean into the nuances of the human heart.
Mature, moving and graceful...
The film's 114-minute running time is hardly outrageous for a story of this type, but it feels a whole lot longer than that.
[Rachel McAdams] shows a difficult and very sensitive versatility from the repression that defines this character...[Full review in Spanish]
The Chilean [director] refocuses his story here on a feminine peripeteia of dislocation and self-recognition... [Full review in Spanish]
[McAdams'] slow-burn of a performance is an undeniable stunner.
Magnetic and burning. [Full review in Spanish]
Disobedience... does not achieve the necessary alchemy so that the tension between the austerity of it's setting and the heartbeat of the story becomes a melodramatic volcano. [Full review in Spanish]
Sebastian Lelio is consequent in his artistic discussion and especially meticulous on the description of this chilling environment. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film gets the exterior structures of religion, and even gets the idea of belief, but fails to grasp its content...Of course, such considerations are easy to overlook when a decade's worth of repressed sexuality is bubbling over.
After Disobedience, I was left with the same uneasy feeling his last film evoked - this isn't Lelio's story to tell. If he understands the nuances of other cultures through exhaustive research, he isn't able to translate it on screen persuasively.
[Rachel] McAdams is the wild card as the more reserved Esti; her buried emotions smack the movie like a tsunami.
Disobedience shows the importance of personal truth, even when the world attempts to disparage it, and it does so with a gentle, moving beauty.
Luminous Weisz fearlessly delves into fetish lovemaking.
Disobedience is pure emotional containment. [Full review in Spanish]
It's impressive that [Rachel] McAdams, so charismatic in roles like "Game Night," can play such a seemingly colorless character so effectively.
Sensitive, yet simplistic, revealing an ideological, fundamentalist dilemma to a secular audience.
Ronit is rebellious, Esti is repressed-two points that Disobedience repeats over and over until the dynamic starts to feel caricatured.
Some scenes with McAdams crackle a bit, and then the movie settles back into a grey, static pallor.
The pace in Disobedience feels leaden and stale compared to Lelio's previous work.
Get past the film's torrid sex scenes and connect with its heart, what it must be like to know you'll never be accepted by family and friends for loving the way you love in the community where you live.
This fine Disobedience... is unorthodox, in more ways than one, yet eminently reverent.
The secret hero of the piece is [Alessandro] Nivola as Dovid, who could have been come off as an oppressor or a clueless chump. Yet in some ways he's the most sympathetic character in the movie...
Many special looks -- of longing, hatred, suspicion, true love, all of the above and more -- become a major part of writer/director Sebastian Lelio's first English-language film, as based on a Naomi Alderman novel.
A beautifully crafted tale that will make your heart ache, thanks to two standout leading performances and a great supporting one.
In a less capable director's hands, a film like this would likely amount to a worn-out love triangle, but [Sebastián] Lelio identifies the nuances within the relationships and allows them to breathe on their own.
Disobedience contrasts sharply with A Fantastic Woman for its refusal to offer up heroes to cheer for and villains to hate. There are only decisions, repercussions and the pull of tradition that makes freedom traumatic.
Lelio and the actors tell the story through fraught silences and meaningful glances, with Weisz and McAdams movingly conveying the feeling of being lost - and found - together.
Chile's Sebastián Lelio exemplifies the best talents of a women's director: the empathy, the ability to dramatize without soaking in cheap emotion and the expert use of the close-up shot.
"Disobedience" provides a didactic lesson in choice and free will.
Lelio's subdued approach to the material robs it of potential emotional power but also keeps the story grounded.
[Director Sebastián] Lelio's first film in English (which adds to movies like Gloria, The Year of the Tiger and A Fantastic Woman), takes up taboo themes... creating a film that will remain in your memory for years to come. [Full review in Spanish]
Disobedience does not have the flair or flaunts of Lelio's recent films about women, but it should offer discussion aplenty - kind of like Frank Stockton's short story, "The Lady or the Tiger," always did in high school English classes.
Lelio's film is about more than sex, or its perhaps easy ability to shock. It is a love story, as beautiful as it is devastating.
A simmering drama that never quite reaches full boil.
Lovingly crafted, but it never builds the emotional power it's clearly aiming for-partially because the treatment feels oddly detached, but especially since it is structured so schematically.
All three principal actors - Weisz, McAdams, and Nivola - give effectively constrained performances. They work as a team here, consistent with the delicate balance in their characters' complicated relationships with one another.
Cuts deeper than your standard forbidden-love story, largely because the actors are so attuned to their characters' anguish.
After a while this starts to feel like dithering, or the machinations of soap opera.
A riveting story about love, happiness and difficult choices. Flawless performances from Weisz and McAdams.
I wanted it to be more like Todd Haynes' deeply sensual and utterly heartbreaking "Carol." This can't hold a menorah candle to that -- even though it tries like the dickens.
[It] might sound like a niche work, but Disobedience digs ever deeper and stuns you with how much truth it uncovers.
Such great work from Weisz and McAdams -- and an equally stellar performance by Alessandro Nivola as Dovid.
I'm not entirely sure that the material is always up to the task, but Weisz, McAdams, and Nivola make the inner lives of these characters vivid, real and affecting.
Peeking through the obvious melodrama are brilliant facets of truth to keep the story grounded.
With a fairly passive and static lead character, Disobedience ultimately loses too much of its melodramatic potential.
If the film lacks a formidable emotional impact, that's partly by design.
There's nothing wrong with such a sober focus, but there's not much in it to enjoy.
The sexual tension between Ronit and Esti colors the entire film, and it's intense. Both Weisz and McAdams are terrific. But so is Nivola; the order of Dovid's world has been shaken.
It's rare in film to see such a symbiosis between actresses - rare, because there are so few opportunities.
Rachel Weisz's nuanced performance... overcomes the film's indecisive ending.
Lelio is one of a kind at creating beautifully drawn portraits of disenfranchised types that deserve respect, showing us the ugliness of humanity in grounded ways; contains fearlessly committed performances from Weisz and McAdams
This isn't Lelio's most cogent or engaging work, but he is still a master at provoking enthralling performances from his muses.
Lelio's style seems careful and restrained in "Disobedience" - the colors are drab and muted, the characters speak enigmatically. But there's a bold flamboyance to his style even within the desaturated color palette and claustrophobic environment.
What warmth there is - and it is considerable - radiates from its three lead performers and a script that treats each of the central characters as neither hero nor villain.
Lelio shows great compassion for his characters with his adaptation of Naomi Alderman's novel, but one comes away thinking this situation should have created more fireworks than it does here.
Sebastián Lelio brings the story of two women, forbidden to love but forever drawn to one another, to life with such delicacy.
Ultimately, the two women give in to their desires for one stolen afternoon. While their tryst is filmed poetically, the stilted buildup to it makes the sexual union feel unearned.
[Rachel] McAdams feels like an uncanny piece of casting, at least to me, who grew up nearby, though secular, in North London.
Rachel Weisz and Rachel McAdams brilliantly enact this tale of forbidden same-sex attraction in London's Orthodox Jewish community. No one who follows the groundbreaking trail that the movie blazes is going to shut up about it.
The performances, like the film, are rich, layered things of tremendous feeling and complexity. The characters, like the film, are imperfect but well worthy of cherishing.
"Disobedience" is so exacting in the ways it conveys its protagonists' inner conflicts and the larger social pressures exacerbating them, that it's simultaneously a heart-wrenching experience and a taut, gripping one.
Bolstered by a pair of powerhouse performances it's both progressive and provocative in the way it probes the desire to break free from a predetermined path.
With an intuitive insight into women's survival instincts, Chilean director Sebastian Lelio builds a powerful portrait of a secret, struggling relationship, fleshed out by two fine performances.
A good old-fashioned melodrama, albeit with a quieter touch.
Sebastian Lelio's adaptation of Naomi Alderman's book reaches not too far from the spectacular ground he covered in the Oscar winning A Fantastic Woman.
Disobedience rests on the strengths of its two Rachels, and Weisz and McAdams deliver on what they're given.
Ultimately, this is a gently humane portrait of an enduring problem facing men and women in all manner of fundamentalist communities: the notion that choice has anything to do with who we desire.
Like director's Sebastián Lelio's recent movie A Fantastic Woman, Disobedience is a nuanced study of grief, with Ronit's mourning taking just as much a focus as her and Esti's slow-burning romance.
The possibilities for these characters are more varied than it initially seems, and "Disobedience" thoughtfully considers them all.
The film is well-groomed and self-contained and limited. It leaves you not with a howl, but with a piercing cri de coeur that fades away a little too soon.
That approach is what makes Disobedience feel so fresh. Whereas most modern "off the derech," stories focus on Jews struggling to acclimate to their new lives, this film instead takes a look at what happens when you try to fit back into your old one.
Sebastián Lelio's direction is literally breathtaking as you are made to feel the constant pressure these two women are under all the time.
Disobedience makes a seductive and impassioned case for greater sexual freedom and female autonomy, but never devalues those who have chosen a different path.
One of those rare films that benefits from taking its time to get there.
"Disobedience" illustrates the power of conviction and the divine nature of free will. Lelio brings out the best in his primary characters, allowing each to deal with this untenable situation in their own way.
A well-crafted story about love, desire, self-awareness and the freedom of choice. It is a powerful testament to the often irresistible forces of human attraction.
You notice the visual design but have no sense of - or feeling for - the faith binding these mourners.
The stakes are high, yet Disobedience never slips into easy melodrama.
With Rachel Weisz and Rachel McAdams starring as its furtive, inflamed lovers, Disobedience has pedigree to spare. But the result feels wonky and lopsided, as if several crucial scenes were left behind on the cutting-room floor.
It's a film that seems at first to be about one thing, but it transforms into something quite different and the journey is a compelling one.
A finely acted but oddly one-dimensional glimpse into a lesbian love affair in an ultra-Orthodox Jewish London enclave.
Disobedience is the epic romance film that the Orthodox Jewish LGBTQ community has been waiting for.
A quietly profound exploration of identity, sacrifice, and the personal connection all human beings long for, whether or not their God or their family or their community approves.
Disobedience provides a sensitive portrait of immigration by showing the precise ways returnees can feel like foreigners in places that were once their homes... But other beats are delivered with the subtlety of a sledgehammer.
"Disobedience" packs a punch and not one that you are fully expecting. Lelio's smooth directing palette is a welcomed addition to our cinematic year and one that should be admired by anyone who comes into contact.
Highlights the problems and joys of a woman who does not fit in and is proud of it.
In the end, Disobedience is less about the subjugation of the self to the group than the courage to embrace uncertainty if one were to break out of the prison of a world one has been born into.
At first it seems like a typical push-pull between tradition and modernity, but once we dig in with the characters, it has the crackle and sympathy of real life.
Even if Disobedience is not his absolute best effort...Lelio should be commended for bringing these female-driven journeys to us.
The film is never disrespectful of the characters' beliefs or lack thereof, and, to its credit, works towards a hopeful message of integration.
At the film's climax, we simply hold on Nivola's face, and then the camera moves on, allowing each of these characters to consider this impossible situation. No words, just faces. With the right actors, in the right story, that's all you need.
I wish the rest of the movie felt as fully realized as [McAdams'] performance because, like the relationship at its center, there's potential here for something beautiful that feels just out of reach.
Disobedience's journey is one of authentic emotional honesty excelling in instances of insecurity and fear.
It's well done, if not entirely convincing.
Both Weisz and McAdams do a phenomenal job of negotiating who their characters are versus who their characters feel as though they have to be.
Worth a ponder. It's not earth-shaking cinema, but it does move the bed a few inches.
A potent, feminist exploration of human desire and the true meaning of freedom.
Beautifully acted by Rachel Weisz, Rachel McAdams and Alessandro Nivola as the three points of a melancholy romantic triangle, this is a deeply felt drama that exerts a powerful grip.
Sebastian Lelio once again shows a remarkable sensitivity to the challenges women face, particularly those who are marginalized by their age or identity.
"Disobedience" may not catapult Lelio beyond the arthouse world, but it's yet another triumph in what's shaping up to be a major career.
This is richly satisfying and powerfully acted work.
Leilo's unassuming style serves the story and provides a great showcase for both performers.

@highlight

Disobedience explores a variety of thought-provoking themes, bolstered by gripping work from leads Rachel Weisz, Rachel McAdams, and Alessandro Nivola.