I don't care how dedicated a TV journalist you are: when a rabid, shrieking hellion lunges for your neck, teeth a-gnashin', it's time to hit the standby button and defend yourself.
Quarantine is symptomatic of a broken industry; one that would rather remake a perfectly good foreign language film with nice, safe, recognisable American faces rather than plough any money into original concepts.
The best thing about this cheesy rip-off mockumentary-styled horror pic is that I didn't catch its virus or vomit after following its shaky developments.
Works as every bit the disposable jolt dispenser it's assembled to be.
'Quarantine' is a solid horror movie and one of the better to be released this year. The last 15 minutes is hardcore suspense that redeem any cheap movie making flaws.
Develops into a legitimately unnerving experience.
...one could surely do far worse as far as horror remakes go.
A respectable, if uninspired, adaptation of... [REC], a Blair Witch-style variation on zombie movie cliches that might seem fresher had it not opened after veteran George Romero's grimly pared-down Diary of the Dead.
Real no frills filmmaking. Anything that gets in the way of the main idea is stripped to the bone. This includes certain niceties like character, humor, and even story.
Not as frightening as it should be, but still better than the average Hollywood scare-a-thon.
We are saddled with the limitations of the 'found' film premise - seemingly endless screaming and scrabbling around in the dark, filmed from just a single angle.
An eye-popping both metaphorical and literal genocidal rat race scare scenario made especially haunting when it kicks in, with its post-9/11 domestic terror lurking around every corner, hyper-paranoid sensibility.
An affair that aims low and succeeds well in such.
The camera bounces along, its path blocked frequently by the back of some fleeing figure, so that you're never quite sure where you are, where you're going or what you're looking at...
The premise isn't bad; I like the fact this hysteria happens in and around people's homes, because it's an excuse for the filmmakers to uncover secrets normally kept behind closed doors. A pity there are no great revelations here.
It's one of those rare movies where you can't quite ascertain as to whether the filmmakers are trying to create scares or laughs.
Delivers a pleasingly high quota of decent jolts as the body count mounts and the TV airhead becomes increasingly hysterical.
The Spanish film worked better than John Erick Dowdle's remake, which is, if possible, even more chaotically filmed to the point that you often haven't got the slightest idea what's happening -- you just know that it's nasty.
As a visceral, camera-shuddery ride into foamy-mouthed zombie hell, it's efficient enough - but if you've already seen [Rec], steer clear...
An American remake of the Spanish horror movie '[Rec]' that adopts the same basic recipe, but removes any hint of flavour or texture, reducing cutting-edge Catalan cuisine to bland, bite-sized McNuggets.
Just like its forebear, this is bluntly effective exercise in first-person horror.
Quarantine is a lucrative steal by Dowdle. The Spanish original is arguably the best vérité fright movie since The Blair Witch Project. The American version is not quite in the same league.
Good news for those who missed the Spanish zombie horror [REC] when it opened here a few months back. Here comes the inevitable fast-tracked Hollywood remake, which covers the same ground without the burden of all those subtitled hysterics.
What director John Erick Dowdie has done is veer away from the supernatural atmosphere of the Spanish version and ramped up the bloodletting - it's more gory than ghostly.
Despite tweaking the format, Quarantine successfully replicates the claustrophobic tension of [REC] and cranks up the sudden eruptions of frenzied violence, making it as much of a white-knuckle terror ride as it was the first time around.
The downside is that for the final half-hour the camera shakes so badly I started suffering from motion sickness.
I raved about the oddly-titled Spanish horror [Rec], saying it turned the terror up to 10. Now, as night follows day, it's time for a Hollywood remake - and the result isn't half bad.
If you didn't catch REC fever first time round, let yourself get bitten by Quarantine. Such brilliance is an isolated incident in modern scary movies.
The Spanish did it all a little better but Carpenter rivals her European counterpart in hollering blue murder.
Quarantine is a well-acted, competent remake that doesn't betray the original, though it's somehow less scary and slightly longer than it needs to be.
Jennifer Carpenter is terrific as the news reporter who gets swallowed up in her own story, and leads an excellent cast, all of whom bring a veracity to this remake in the hands of the talented Dowdle brothers
Unlike so many other jerky camera horrors, and even zombie film shockers, Quarantine escalates the tension with a perfect sense of fearful exploitation. One of the best chillers of 08.
What's a smart, well-crafted horror movie like Quarantine doing in today's marketplace?
Quarantine is worth seeing for its solid first two acts, some terrific acting by some favorite character actors, and a several solid spook-show scares.
Despite the Cronenbergian themes, the film is relentless and singleminded: It just wants to scare you, and it succeeds.
Good Halloween-type fun for the fans of adult thrillers, 'Quarantine' is a cleverly done scare flickt aht will keep you wondering who's going to get it next.
My suggestion is to see the original first and then skip this one altogether...
A rote reproduction of a more effective film.
Originality or no but damn it all if this stripped-down frightener put me on pins and needles and, at times, terrified the ever-living stuffing right out from inside of me.
Visually, this one mirrors Cloverfield right down to the dropped camera left to record what happens when the humans in the vicinity have been, uh, quarantined.
Even those who despise remakes will have to admit that director John Erick Dowdle's furious retread is scary as hell.
...a movie that didn't need to be made and which no one needs to see.
As the first-person POV conceit goes, it's not the nocturnal nightmare of "Cloverfield," but it's more compelling than the dog-eared "Diary of the Dead." It's stylish, and the sound design is superb, but it eventually gets too dumb to be very scary.
Rarely more than competent and never inspired. But it more or less passes for a few cheap thrills if you're not too demanding.
Considering how worthless most horror remakes are, the fact that this "carbon copy quickie" actually works is fairly impressive.
Rather too hysterical to be coherent, but it's still jittery and thoroughly unnerving
Despite Quarantine's theft from nearly every film in the subgenre, there are parts of the film that just plain work, no matter how much it doesn't seem like they should.
Too much information in the trailer spoiled some of the suspense of the film
There's never a dull moment in 'Quarantine.'
When the month's horror options boil down to a modestly clever exercise like this or yet another Saw sequel, you know you could do worse.
Quarantine feels awfully familiar, and it grows less convincing with each passing moment. At its worst, it abandons realism entirely and flirts with gory kitsch.
Quarantine is based on the 2007 Spanish thriller [REC]. Like any imitation, the quality's not as good, but this is about cheap thrills, of which there are not enough.
Give Quarantine credit: Without resorting to computer-generated monsters or supernatural explanations, it uses consistent logic and confinement to find new ways of being scary.
Quarantine, yet another pseudo-documentary horror movie, delivers the heebie-jeebies with solid acting and perfectly calibrated shocks.
I have seen many execrable films -- Plan 9 From Outer Space, Disaster Movie, Batman & Robin -- but never has a movie made me so physically ill.
Quarantine is the type of movie that is made to see in a theatre. The film is brutally realistic and shot in such a way that you feel like you are watching real footage.
A vertiginous, nauseating, unscary mess of a film.
This isn't as good as CLOVERFIELD, but it does a pretty decent job at generating some thrills. Unfortunately, the movie is ruined by Carpenter's distractingly awful performance.
Underdeveloped and predictable, there is little compelling about the film other than the premise and a few of the kills.
In some ways 'Quarantine' is better than 'Rec,' not only xeroxing all its shocks but managing to add more.
Grows increasingly repetitious and tedious as the same cinematic tricks are played over and over...the effect is suffocating rather than enjoyably spooky.
The original Spanish thriller (REC) is no doubt better acted and executed, but considering the bad "prestige" movies recently it's hard to understand why Screen Gems decided not to press screen the cheap, quicky horror flick that delivers the basic goods
Disregarding its Xeroxed pedigree, it's easily one of the best American horror films of the year.
If a remake must be made in lieu of original thoughts and ideas, one could do far, far worse. Quarantine is the real deal--a primal, uncompromising vision of insanity run amok.
Quarantine fails to correct some of the problems evident in its predecessor while also incorporating a few defects of its own.
No, the script isn't anything special and the novelty long ago wore off in this style of movie making. But the execution in this film from John Erick Dowdle is amazing, the camera work and cutting perfect.
Claustrophobic, jittery at times, and electric in pace, Quarantine is a stripped-down bloody thrill ride that -- while certainly not catering to everyone's tastes -- should satisfy gore-hounds looking to step up their theatrical horror cuisine.
Quarantine is a modestly inventive, sporadically exciting thriller that nonetheless proves too faithful to its central conceit for its own good.
This derivative horror flick can be confined along with its numerous inspirations.
Quarantine director John Erick Dowdle and co-writing brother Drew wisely stick close to the told-from-the-cameraman's point-of-view template of the terrific original.
Effective scares make up for some dodgy storytelling in this horror vérité about a TV crew trapped in an apartment building teeming with plague victims.
a solid, suspense-filled 90 minutes
Quarantine is a hugely satisfying film, if you're the sort of person who likes hanging around on the edge of your seat.
If you are looking for a film that will scare the wits out of you, even briefly, you can't wrong from seeing this one.
...feels as if someone had videotaped their trip through a haunted house run by the local Jaycees.
Horror movie fans can enjoy the visceral experience. The core purpose %u2013 to make people jump out of their seats %u2013 is executed with intense precision.
Carpenter and Harris are able to pull off the whole charade with impressive energy and convincing bursts of sheer terror during some very long, uncut takes.
...this is what the Resident Evil sequels should have been.
Quarantine is the unavoidable American replica, only this version has ingested a bottle of idiot pills and washed it all down with a full glass of directorial incompetence.
Actress Jennifer Carpenter of Exorcism of Emily Rose fame surely deserves some kind of award for giving the most hysterical over-the-top performance in a horror movie since Marilyn Burns in the original 1974 Texas Chain Saw Massacre.



@highlight

Quarantine uses effective atmosphere and consistent scares to stand above the crop of recent horror films.