It's nearly joyless in its badness - unlike some Z-movies that revel in their badness, Wolverine thinks it's a great film.
There's little here to get the pulse racing. For a summer blockbuster, that's disappointing. For a Wolverine film, that's pretty hard to forgive.
No matter how well-staged, the action doesn't make much sense, and the story is a tedious muddle.
So much for a clean slate.
Adequate
Straight off the bat: this movie features more shots of muscle-bound men looking up at the camera and yelling "RAAWWWRGH!" than any other I can remember. It's the shoutiest film of the year.
I haven't been this disappointed by a film since the new Indiana Jones.
Unfortunately, the special effects vary from impressive to embarrassing, and some additional trimming at the story level might have helped elevate the metallurgical rating to steel status.
Despite the film's necessarily lengthy exposition, Wolverine's back-story seems thinner and less compelling than the Logan-heavy, previous X-Men films had hinted at.
It is not as good as the second X-Men film but it is on par with the first and an improvement over the third.
Entertainingly testosterone-fueled.
You're going to be really underwhelmed.
It's just too bad a movie sharp enough to rip through flesh and helicopter blades and nuclear-reactor smokestack walls has to feel so disappointingly dull.
You won't be upset you saw it, you'll have some fun, you'll see Wolvie beat the living hell out of a helicopter.
While Wolverine contains several nice fight scenes and a couple of enjoyable action sequences, one can't help but feel that it thoroughly wastes Jackman.
Reported to be the one thing missing in-part from the leaked workprint, sadly many of the special effects in X-Men Origins: Wolverine are somewhat sub-standard.
The serious tone established by Bryan Singer in 2000's X-Men is almost completely obliterated, reducing the film to the level of any another by-the-numbers franchise entry.
Hey, it won't win any awards but it does the trick...
Packed with claw-shredding action and adventure, the film more or less delivers what it promises. The problem lies with what it promises.
It's funny how much I'll forgive just to watch Jackman play this raging mutant again.
Though well-choreographed, the action sequences simply don't look as good as one would expect from a tent-pole summer release.
Hugh Jackman's animal magnetism is palpable in "X-Men Origins: Wolverine." He's more sexy than he has ever been in the past X-Men films, and the movie shows him in bizarre bromance relationships with other mutant freaks as well as a very intimate and most
Is there anything to enjoy in X-men Origins: Wolverine? Sure. Some of the fights are cool. But for every solid moment there is an equivalent of pure suck.
Wolverine is big, dumb fun, a popcorn movie if ever there was one. And it's probably the only movie this summer to feature a superhero whose most dazzling talent seems to be shuffling a deck of cards.
There is no shame in being a crowd pleaser, and Jackman and Schreiber deliver the snarling, sibling goods and make the film thoroughly enjoyable, if not memorable.
If you've never seen an X-Men film you will enjoy Wolverine. If you are familiar with the X-Men franchise then go for the action, special effects and Hugh Jackman.
For pure stupidity, nothing tops the scene in which a mutant falls at a descending rate so as to prolong the showing off of its long-since unimpressive superpower.
while the film does feature plenty of action and special effects, it doesn't come close to being anywhere as good as either of the first two films in the X-Men franchise.
An entertaining opening cannot sustain a murkily-plotted film that relies more on convention and contrivance than character development.
A pretty darn good, worthy prequel.
The outlines of what this origin prequel might have been is the major takeaway but the physicality and technical artistry makes it more than entirely superficial.
The filmmakers couldn't decide what to cut out, so they threw everything into the pot and hoped for the best. The results are half interesting, but half filler.
Kevin Irwin - Stepping out of the shadows of his X-Men pals, Hugh Jackman's feral mutant gets his own back story - minus a true explanation of his glorious sideburns. It's a knowing foundation for franchise glory.
Such a blandly predictable sci-fi blockbuster that one can focus on different parts of Hugh Jackman's extraordinary physique without fear of losing out on a single plot point.
Wolverine is unapologetically nothing more than a big, loud, effects-driven summer action movie--and a whole lot of fun.
It's neither a clever comic-book flick nor an explosive summer blockbuster above the most pedestrian computer-generated level of destruction.
never quite good or original enough to justify itself beyond an obvious extension of a money-making franchise that won't quit as long as the cash registers keep clanging
Wolverine in need of honing.
"Wolverine" has zip for depth, but since it never sold itself as such, who cares? This is the action movie the advertising campaign promised, and Hood comes through with plenty of scenes that satisfy on a visceral level.
As pure pulp entertainment, it works.
If, in real time, the dull X-Men Origins prequel actually were the first X-Men film produced, it might have been the last.
We're soon mired in a predictable tale of revenge, an escalating series of empty tragedies occurring to half-sketched characters that ultimately packs all the emotional resonance of a night on the Xbox.
The amount of muscle on display is the film's most remarkable aspect, unless you count how unforgivably dull it is.
I had a good time with this. Jackman makes it worthwhile. Not as good as the first two X-Men films, but better than the third. Sorry haters.
...A story line that isn't emotionally involving and action sequences that for the most part aren't that exciting, presented within a story that's full of potholes.
Scary as Hugh Jackman's vascular body may be, it's also perfectly appropriate as a visual extension of the weaponization of Wolverine.
Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber are so well-cast and are so sharp in their roles that extraneous missteps almost feel excusable.
Despite a 150-year-old backstory that dates to before the Civil War and runs through subsequent conflicts, the title is never fulfilled.
So ... bland.
X-Men Origins is really a series of action sequences, the usual mix of bangs, chases and fights, held together by a plot so predictable that you get no points for guessing right.
It's dull, bone-crushing, special-effects stuff, of interest only to hardcore fans who've probably read it all in Marvel comics.
It's a B movie with 1000 effects shots, pure and simple.
Each CGI set piece erases distance, space, weight, gravity and wit. It's empty, soulless action -- visual noise.
It's not a great movie (though it's better than the third entry), and I doubt I'll ever feel compelled to see it again, but I enjoyed it well enough while it was on-screen.
What we get is an efficient but thinly plotted comic book violence packed story.
Did the plot points stick in my head five minutes after leaving the theater? Not so much ... but I know I was having fun while watching.
Lots of action and Jackman is in great shape but the movie is just more of the same
The latest edition of the X-Men franchise is easily the least, with a convoluted storyline, poorly defined characters and a dark one-note tone that lacks the humor and light touches of the earlier three installments.
'Wolverine' isn't as powerful as you might think.
Could the Wolverine story be getting a little tired at this point, even though Hugh Jackman still looks good with mutton chops? Possibly ...
Everything that happens seems to play out as if following a checklist. It's Paint by Numbers: The Movie.
Wolverine's backstory was good stuff -- but after the falling out with Schreiber, the story loses its center and it gets wobbly.
I was definitely disappointed.
Alas, there's nothing quite memorable here: much of the combat is just a whirl of movement photographed up close. As the X-Men series has progressed, the startling poetic extravagances of the first film have given way to flesh-pounding clumsiness.
Having an origin story takes the mystery out of the character, but neutering his inner conflict in favor of inconsequential fight scenes is an ill-conceived mishandling of him from beginning to end.
The sort of listless movie that fans fear and general audiences endure on idle summer nights year after year, mostly just because it's there.
Sure you let past hints of background slip as you want so much to buy into this back story. But ultimately you're left still asking, "What is Wolverine. And why?" ...Read on->
How does all this play out for those of us -- i.e., me -- who have not been staying up nights fretting over the origins of the X-Men and Women? The answer is: Fairly well.
A fairly entertaining mess, though the ending becomes a rather tedious mess. Also, hydrochlorothiazide is more likely to make you pee than to slow your heart rate.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine has some serious problems. The biggest is that, aside from the dark and mysterious past, the character of Wolverine isn't all that interesting
It's not unwatchable, just not engaging or compelling.
Jackman to fans: Butt Out, in this trendy new fangled XXX-Men Chippendales style nudie watch-men package pageant on screen, where amnesiac icon fever rules while expecting the rest of us to excel at memory recall about whatever came before.
Wastes a lot of time weaving an unnecessarily-complicated premise given that it leads to a fairly simplistic showdown of good versus evil.
The sort of thing I would've loved when I was thirteen. Unfortunately, that was 25 years ago.
Hugh Jackman displays considerable animal magnetism again in 'Origins,' which includes many great sequences showing him in all his Wolverine glory.
This movie follows the pattern of most summer blockbusters there's a strong first act that sucks you in, a 2nd act where things get a little shaky and a last act that's awful.
A failed romance is just one reason this is a flat, sloppy film. But still, Wolverine and those claws give us just enough action to keep us mildly interested.
Inconsistent and surly, filled with superfluous sound 'n' fury but signifying very little.
...a super-action extravaganza made engrossing by dynamic performances from Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber.
The first X-Men film I didn't absolutely love.
Does "origins" mean we have to see more films based on the creation of the members of the X-Men movie and comic book series? If they're this badly done, then one is enough.
A troubled but toned super-mutant burned by love. You'll forget Jackman was in "Australia".
Those movies where people get sent to an island somewhere, then discover that everyone's a clone, or a reactor is melting down? Imagine all of that happening at once, only everybody is indestructible.
Though the film is certainly better than the terrible pre-release buzz would have you believe... it doesn't do much to stand out from the summer blockbuster crowd.
"X-Men Origins: Wolverine" is a cant-miss idea that misses every target.
This feels like a movie put together by studio execs who think that stupid fanboys will eat up any random string of flashy, noisy action scenes.
'Wolverine' exceeds all expectations! This fantasy adventure is action-packed with thrilling stunt work, dazzling special effects, airtight storytelling and memorable characters.
To quote Spinal Tap, 'It's such a fine line between stupid and clever.' Wolverine rarely threatens to cross that line into clever, instead remaining fairly stupid, mostly formless and endlessly silly.
The tortured hero of X-Men Origins: Wolverine can slash through anything - save his film's cluttered story line.
If the [potentially-intriguing] details of Wolverine's backstory are sometimes skimmed over, the movie at least delivers plenty of bang for your buck in the action department.
It's hard to view this as an integral entry in the X-Men franchise. That's not to say it's as irrelevant as, say, Superman IV: The Quest for Peace.
Wolverine is a complete and utter mess.
Now, don't misconstrue that compliment as me saying Wolverine measures up to last summer's superhero movies The Dark Knight, Iron Man or The Incredible Hulk, but in no way does it deserve the bum rap it is getting.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is like a Big Mac... not really good for you but decadently enjoyable.
Much of it is straight-up silly, yet in all its completely visceral, popcorn-glutting, over the top action, I'd take ten X-Men Origins: Wolverines over the hot mess of X-Men: The Last Stand, any day.
I'd rather watch Hugh Jackman prance across the Oscar stage singing show tunes and making Perez Hilton's loins tingle than watch him wrestle with comic book villains.
Shorthand and heavy-handed. Like Wolverine himself, it operates without clarity or rules.
Unimaginative and boring ... Did they have to follow some sort of strict mathematical formula of required explosions, cliche plot twists and shots of Jackman without his shirt on?
Bad story, worse script, and special effects from the 1990s.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is not that bad. But it's also not good. It's one of the most balanced-out, down-the-middle, apathetic shrugs of a summer tentpole that I've seen in the many years that I've been following the summer blockbuster.
Enthralled with the first half of X Men Origins: Wolverine, and on board for the second half; I'm now anxious to see the sequels once again.
I suspect even Marvel die-hards will find this a letdown. It's a prime example of the law of diminishing returns.
The most interesting X-Man, Jackman as Logan is more than capable of carrying a film.
Hood never really establishes the essence of Wolverine's personalized demons beyond pitting our hirsute hero in compromising slice and dice tactical situations.
Suitably filling, if not always nutritious.
While there's plenty of great action set pieces, including the climactic showdown at a nuclear power plant, this is a movie in which we actually care about the characters.
If it's truly an 'Origins' tale, as advertised -- well, where are the explanations?
How do you make mutants dull?
The result, despite Hugh Jackman's game, if overly earnest, performance, is simultaneously overstuffed and undernourished and just plain sloppy.
Sure, Wolverine flying from a bombed building on his motorcycle with a wall of flame behind him has been done before, but Jackman's sense of conviction makes it all seem, if not new, at least not stale
Summer's first tent-pole flick is a dulled outing. It may assuage the die-hard fan, but it's doggedly routine.
It's a film made with utter contempt for its audience by the most cynical of Hollywood players that shrugs off any notion of mythology, character development or joy.
What a wasteful shame.
Another action film that doesn't fulfill its potential.
Eminently disposable, but that's almost the point: Wolverine remembers the days when action flicks were action flicks, and we were content with visceral thrills and basic storytelling competence.
Wolverine is supposedly a comic book movie, and yet it violates one of the tenets of comic books: It doesn't delineate and particularize Wolverine's special powers.
...fired by satisfying performances from Jackman, a shrewd Schreiber and the 'why-isn't-she-more-well-known' Lynn Collins as Kayla Silverfox, the woman who gave Logan his "X-Men" name.
It's like an improbable six-stage rocket that keeps firing according to plan but never achieves lift-off.
Lacks the brain and heart of better comic book movies (like Iron Man and The Dark Knight). Wolverine's once sharp claws are wearing dull in this one.
Upscale casting goes a long way towards elevating the pulpy material ... [but while] Wolverine tries hard, it never transcends its origins.
Hugh Jackman's feral superhero is back, and maybe even better.
Jackman's committed performance keeps the movie on track, though Huston and Schreiber are strictly on autopilot.
Wolverine doesn't rise above the level of familiar competence.
We get something more akin to Jim Henson's Mutant Babies, with some Highlander touches thrown in for good measure.
Wolverine works as an Ultimate Fighting Championship with special effects.
Apparently not everyone in Canada is nice.
The script plays it safe and clings to the rules of the superhero movie.
Here's a lesson Hollywood needs to learn about comic book movies and fast: just because there are hundreds of heroes doesn't mean that every one of them has to show up on film in the next three years or so.
The action sequences are bad, the plot is bad... Hugh Jackman? He's fine.
Though Jackman is capable, as always, in the title role, there's no real weight to his travails, which play more as exposition than tragedy.
Even with the bloated budget of an X-Men, less can be more. The character-driven Iron Man is a perfect example of how the hero, rather than a mega-ton of TNT, is the one who's truly dynamite.
You go in knowing it has certain beats to hit, and it hits most of them in ways you might expect … What it's most conspicuously lacking is any sense of surprise, of revelation, of creative boldness.
While not a disaster, this isn't the claws-out, rampaging adventure we hoped for. No-one cares where Wolverine found his jacket - a spin-off with him kicking ass in Japan would have been way more fun.
Hugh Jackman generates the pathos required for us to understand the lifetime of pain and suffering that turned the man into the beast.
With some dire blue-screen effects, dizzying tonal instability and a total absence of suspense or originality, 'Wolverine' is something of a disaster.
Imagine Watchmen unafraid to engage with its own idiocy, or Commando with claws - this is an honourable addition to the most consistently enjoyable comic-book franchise of the lot.
The novel innovation is that these hairy wolves move in contrary ways. That is the dismal sum of the original thinking.
Parental Content Review
The movie's version of adamantium is its three leads, all superb actors as well as action heroes.
Besides the amazing first twenty minutes, the biggest problem is that the film could have been so much better and completely over does the green screen effects.
It's hard to see how anyone other than hardcore fans will find much to entertain them.
Hollywood has got its grubby little hands all over the greatest comic book character of all time and he stinks of it.
Unfortunately director Gavin Hood, who married action and melodrama in Tsotsi, doesn't have as deft a feel for this material. The thrills are purely primal.
Entertaining enough to keep Fox and Marvel's planned series of X-Men spinoff movies on track, but not quite the socko start to the summer season we'd anticipated.
It's never less than a competent action pic and fans of the series will be happy with the prospect of more movie in the origins series rolling off the production line.
Newbies to the series will perhaps enjoy the relentless explosions and CGI action of X-Men Origins: Wolverine but as a prequel to the X-Men films -- and as an adaptation of the comics -- it fails dismally.
There are few complex character interactions, no one to really push or pull Jackman into subtler shades. The result is a film with a handsome, often funny lead, who never really transcends the cartoon origins of his character.
Fans of the many comic books in which Wolverine has featured will rue what has become of their favourite characters.
Good blockbuster fare. Origins lacks the magic of the previous films, but Hood does well with a franchise whose shelflife depends on which mutants are next.
In short, if you love X-Men you'll devour this anyway. But to the uninitiated, this isn't even as good as Jackman's last stinker, Australia.
Ultimately, what Wolverine says about the evolution of a franchise film character is actually less interesting than what it says about the evolution of Hugh Jackman as the all-round showman movie star.
The action is fast and furious, the script is impressive for this type of movie and the visual effects (apart from the odd occasion) are phenomenal. This is a not to be missed blockbuster that will impress as much as it will entertain.
It's woefully unimaginative, overdependent on CGI effects and wantonly wasteful of its big budget and talented cast.
Even if you're not a superhero fan, Wolverine won't disappoint since, alongside some gloriously over-the-top action scenes, it's an intelligent, brooding movie.
Whenever the Aussie is on screen, chomping cigars and doing his Dirty Harry-style act, this prequel is great stuff.
So unoriginal and underwhelming as to be totally forgettable, the deeply dissatisfying and unnecessarily silly X-Men Origins: Wolverine is one "in the beginning" that you just wish would mutate into "the end."
In terms of tone and content, Wolverine is a nearer match to Daredevil than Iron Man, but its box office gross will undoubtedly be closer to the latter.
Heroes and villains clash, then rise up to clash again, just because that's what X-Men do. The truth is, it doesn't matter Y.
It's so-so stuff.
There's little of the seen-it-all, wise-guy acerbity that made his character in the X-Men trilogy stand apart from his fellow mutants. Here, he just glowers.
The whole thing would collapse under the weight of its own pretensions were it not for the considerable acting prowess of Jackman and Schreiber, who know how to give good growl.
Apart from some genuine archetypes and myths that find their way into the mix, the film's overflow of half-baked ideas adds up to a cluttered, nondescript, "Weapon Number XI"-like mess.
The screenplay by David Benioff and Skip Woods is an arhythmic mess, full of holes and elisions so that, even on the lowest-common-denominator basis of helicopter chases and acts of decapitation, the film doesn't have anything like the power it should.
Here are two full hours of origin, with all the dull exposition and half-baked dialogue that implies.
Serviceable but inescapably redundant.
It's fun and, for a film possessed of its scale, ambition and extravagantly loopy plotlines, it's refreshingly unpretentious.
Fans will appreciate this more than the casual filmgoer trapped in this high-tech junkyard of not-so-special effects, scarcely noticeable dialogue, incoherent plotting, inconsistent psychology and garbled motivations.
It's a long anti-climax, full of crunching but pointless fights between Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) and his brother Victor (Liev Schreiber). Wretched.
It's not a bad film and is an improvement on X-Men: The Last Stand but it also feels like every other comic-book adaptation we've ever seen and that is a major drawback.
It's Jackman's bulging charisma that keeps this testosterone-powered action blockbuster racing along.
It's sound and fury signifying virtually nothing, expensively mounted, crashingly noisy but hardly a big-budget must-see.
That's not to say the action isn't hair raisingly exciting and regular, but it feels like the fight scenes are simply a break from a story that is being crammed in, rather than something being naturally told.
Enjoyable comic book thrills with superb action set pieces, strong performances and more than enough mutant superpower action to keep fans happy.
It's both a solid addition to the superhero list and a perfectly enjoyable watch that leaves the door pleasingly open for another X-Men prequel.
Explosive action, a decent plot, and some dazzling special effects, so begins the blockbuster season and Wolverine gets things off to a fairly good start.
Not since George Lucas spent more than six hours detailing in excruciating and inconsequential detail how Darth Vader came into existence has a popular character's story arc seemed so irrelevant.
Num período em que os filmes protagonizados por super-heróis vêm surpreendendo por sua maturidade e eficiência, Wolverine representa um retrocesso não apenas dentro de sua própria franquia, como também para todo o gênero.
It's loud, chaotic, and goofy, one of the more negligible entries in the comic-book genre.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is big, loud and dumb, and thankfully not horrible.
Director Gavin Hood ... suffers from an ADD disorder when editing the action sequences. The cuts are too rapid, making it difficult to actually see who is doing what to whom.
Hugh Jackman's action-filled spinoff delivers on the brawn but not the soul of the "X-Men" franchise that spawned it.
At times it's even downright laughable, and as bad as the dialogue and the plotting got neither of them ever reached the level of irredeemable ineptitude as those visual effects.
It fails to provide a strong plot to go along with all the incredibly intense action scenes.
An action-packed ride filled with nonstop thrills and spectacular visual effects that deserves to be experienced on the big screen with a large crowd.
Wolverine doesn't hold a candle to the X-Men trilogy and is a big step back for the franchise in general.
May not be the final drop in the X-Men cash bucket but its clear that whatever creative well fans wished upon for their beloved series has been officially dried up.
While not exactly great, Wolverine is better than X-Men 3 and is a decent start to the 2009 Summer movie season.
This is such a mess of poor editing, cheesy special effects and unconvincing production design that even the Sci-Fi Channel might have had some qualms if it had somehow been offered to them.
Sometimes junk food is soul food, and sometimes junk movies are yummy and satisfying (and never mind the bellyache later).
One of those dark, clammy, dispiriting comic book movies like Daredevil, Elektra and Catwoman, loud and frenetic but lacking either dramatic depth or a sense of fun.
Compared to the previous X-Men features, even the scope and grandeur feel miniscule. The movie ultimately just sits there, sputtering on fumes, without giving the audience something to invest their interests in.
A movie that seems determined to hammer you into submission with its lavish, unexciting action sequences...The action is frenetic without being dramatic.
If you're not a die-hard X-Men comic-book fan, you're going to be lost, and if you are a die-hard X-Men comic book fan, you're going to be disappointed.
A transparent attempt to squeeze a faltering franchise for its last drop of box-office juice.
The problem with Wolverine isn't that the mythology is detailed and potentially confusing. The bigger issue is that "Wolverine" is so uninvolving that you might not care whether you remember what happened 10 minutes ago.
Even by the standard of a fourth-in-a-series summer blockbuster, Wolverine is remarkably lame.
Whatever actually happened, the explosions all go off on time, which in a film like this is all that really matters.
A big part of Wolverine's appeal as a character was his mystery, but hey, Marvel finally decided (ill-advisedly) to spill the details of his origin in comic books. So Hollywood has followed, equally ill-advisedly.
We're 9 years past the first "X-Men" movie and computer-driven effects have only improved, so how is it possible that Wolverine's metallic claws looked worse now?
The direction, by Gavin Hood is a case study in mismanagement: of anger, rage, demonic howls that grow into howlers, Olympian camera angles and, above all else, the mismanagement of an unusually personable star.
A crude blunderbuss of a superhero movie, X-Men Origins: Wolverine proves that the greatest supervillains confronting Marvel Comics' shape-shifters, lycanthropes and mind-readers are clumsy directors and sloppy screenwriters.
Wolverine is full of angst, and yet it has virtually all the humanity wrung out of it in an effort to create a live-action cartoon.
Perhaps this was the wrong X-Man to command an entire movie. Somebody find Jackman a role in which he gets to smile, and wake me up when Ian McKellen's back to terrorizing the X-world.
While it might not be as much of a cinematic train wreck as 2006's X-Men: The Land Stand, it's not quite the rousing, spectacular summer movie season opener we were hoping for, either.
I got another satisfactory adventure involving my favorite X-Men character, when what I really wanted was something that would truly make me go berserk.
Jackman's charisma breathes the fire into Wolverine, not the rather pedestrian script or the by-the-numbers action.
Strictly speaking, it's a mess... but an entertaining and heartfelt mess to be sure.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine, with its ungainly, geeky title and its relatively trim running time, helps explain just what makes this guy so intriguing and unusual.
The action flows smoothly with each set piece neatly set up quicker than you can say "snikity snikt!"
A chaotic headbanger, X-Men Origins: Wolverine is saved from pure flat-footed blockbuster franchise adequacy by six things, three of them on Hugh Jackman's left hand, three on his right.
Last year's Iron Man leads to this year's adamantium man: The first spin-off of the X-Men movies has heart, action and Shakespearean-style tragedy, and uncompromisingly plays for keeps.
Considerable credit is due to both Benioff and Woods for what amounts to no small task-crafting a prequel that manages to fill in the blanks of the previous films (particularly X2) without letting fans get ahead of the story based on what they already kno
If you think all you need to enjoy a superhero film is action, try suffering through Wolverine and Sabretooth's endless, pointless attempts to beat each other up.
does a better job with Wolverine than the films that were supposed to establish him in the first place.
A successful mix of action sequences and exploration of the emotional conflicts of the mutant hero, plus pop culture references.
rpakse sa sanida sotirias tin idea feature length epeisodioy, kai tin epekteinei apeythynomenos se koino kathe katigorias hamilis noimosynis (gynaikes, tweens), epimenontas se genika plana mehri to ntabani toy stoyntio, se thampomenes romantzades, se epan
Wolverine feels enslaved to its many masters - Marvel Comics, Hollywood, and the young men who devour their products -- never sidestepping the déjà vu it inspires.
While it wasn`t quite the train-wreck I expected, it was still a pretty average superhero flick, and definitely not a film I`ll be revisiting anytime soon.
A couple of halfway decent action scenes do little to distract from the story's mounting ludicrousness, or a conclusion that's only a little more satisfying than a projector breakdown. Maybe.
Plays a bit like a children's movie...for adults. What you get is a good time on a Saturday afternoon with a full bucket of popcorn and a crowd that can shut the hell up.
The clichéd script doesn't develop the secondary characters or the critical theme of the mutants' alienation. (Several of them don't even have any dialogue.)
It's all so plastic and forgettable, but for the 100 claw-popping minutes immersed deep in Wolverine country, the film remains palatable. Heck, if the actors didn't bother to speak at all, I'm convinced there's a masterpiece to be found in here somewhere.
A satisfyingly crunchy action flick.
With the exception of an adequate helicopter attack, the action is perfunctory and forgettable, albeit no more so than the script's range of cliches
Most of the action is a mere replay of a single sequence: Wolverine and Sabretooth galloping toward one another, two immortal bros locked in eternal combat. Certainly feels like it.
Falling somewhere between noble failure and modest success, 'Wolverine' is ultimately a generic Summer film actioneer that will quickly be forgotten
I have been powerfully impressed by film versions of Batman, Spider-Man, Superman, Iron Man and the Iron Giant. I wouldn't even walk across the street to meet Wolverine.
Reliably action-packed first attempt at an X-Men origin story, succeeds largely based on having Hugh Jackman back behind the claws and facial hair.
Want generic explosions, motorcycle stunts and lots of yelling? You got it. Want something that rivals The Dark Knight or Iron Man? Sorry.
A below-average superhero movie that suggests we don't necessarily need a superhero movie every summer.
By no means perfect but a solid effort at condensing a complicated origin story into a satisfying fast-paced action flick.
It's a great-looking, action-packed adventure weakened by a superficial script that ignores logic whenever it's inconvenient.
The plot devices used here to maintain continuity between this film and the first X-Men could have and should have been different.
It's an easily enjoyable film but it doesn't resonate.
Sadly, Wolverine's journey is one long run-the-gauntlet scenario, with people pounding on him from all sides until he emerges at the other end as the lone-wolf amnesiac bound for membership in the X-Men gang.
Jackman invests his fierce character with a cheeky attitude, clear-eyed intelligence and inherent decency, compelling viewers to care about his metamorphosis.
It just about scrapes through as being enjoyable, loud, banging, daft multiplex entertainment.
It's a shame the fantastic actors and their characters don't get their due. It's obvious they all worked hard, and had fun with their roles.
will keep even the most jaded film-goer entertained... [but] you may find yourself, like Wolverine himself, driven to drink by the perverse hope that it will help you remember in any detail what you have just seen happen - but already forgotten.
Whoever pirated X-Men Origins: Wolverine got a punishment that fit the crime.
[A] slice-and-dice superhero fiasco.
A super-buff Jackman gets to explore the character in more depth than previously and Liev Schreiber, as his brother, makes a dandy bad guy.
While packed with effects and action, without the attention to story and emotional investment present in such films as The Dark Knight and Ironman, Wolverine ultimately doesn't rise above its comic-book roots.
A keen disappointment as action and effects take over from a poorly conceived story.
This brawny but none-too-brainy prequel sustains interest mainly -- if only fitfully -- as a nonstop slice-and-dice vehicle for Hugh Jackman.
Though failing to live up to the standard set by the first two X-Men films, there's enough here to sustain fans' faith in the concept of the origins franchise.
Lacks any real sense of gravitas and intensity.
Wolverine is fun, enjoyable and occasionally exciting, but 24 hours after you've left the cinema, you might remember as little about the events of the movie as Wolverine himself.
Hugh Jackman is this film's biggest redeemer - a truly likeable lead actor with screen presence and menace.
As producer as well as star, Jackman is able to steer the project to his liking and the result is a superbly cast film with attention to detail, concern for character - and the odd touch of dry humour.
A fast-paced spectacle with action, drama, romance, wry humour and technical wizardry... Jackman has elevated his skills to new heights and his ability to couple brute force with vulnerability is the key.
Wolverine boasts some neat special effects, some decent acting and, best of all, it runs for less than two hours unlike some recent bloated, butt-numbingly long super-hero epics.






@highlight

Though Hugh Jackman gives his all, he can't help X-Men Origins: Wolverine overcome a cliche-ridden script and familiar narrative.