Writer/director Michael Almereyda manages to do justice to material that was widely revered on the stage, leaving it feeling equally intimate on screen despite various cinematic qualities.
Marjorie Prime is adapted from stage to screen with such a lack of creativity, ingenuity, or re-imagination that I'm almost offended.
One of those strange occasions when a film conceived in such a cerebral manner and with such a cold theme is able to touch your heart and shake your soul... [Full review in Spanish]
2017's premier example of the concept-heavy indie sci-fi.
Instead, it is one of those prize indies that spools out and grows in your head for days afterwards.
At times a pretentious and unnecessarily heady, Almereyda's film uses grief robots as a way to examine anxieties about mortality and familial love.
Set in the not-too-distant future, Marjorie Prime leverages plausible computer technology to explore the very human nature of life, death, family and memory.
Curiously wonderful sci-fi film about memory.
Matching the mannerisms of theater with the clarity of a close-up, the heart-aching Marjorie Prime raises essential questions about memory, loss, and technology...
An exceptional, thought-provoking film featuring some of 2017's best performances. This truly deserves to be remembered come year-end award time.
The film doesn't have enough layers to justify its length. It masks the fact that it comes from a play, but only by conforming to a bland type of arty indie cinema.
Michael Almereyda's thought-provoking picture Marjorie Prime is well acted by a cast that includes John Hamm, Tim Robbins and Geena Davis.
...a really good film that explores some thought-provoking questions
This sense of artifice highlights awkward contrivances and melodramatic plot developments. But Marjorie Prime still feels like an important addition to the canon of movies that grapple with intimacy and technology.
It's a topical treatise on memory and artificial intelligence that asks how the human brain works (or doesn't).
A haunting, quietly poignant tale with a wonderful performance from veteran character actress Lois Smith.
More provocative in concept than execution.
Hamm is note-perfect in the role, programmed to be charming and empathetic but prone to gaucheness when someone wrong-foots his software.
... a clever and affecting meditation on memory, bereavement, love and remorse masquerading as a sci-fi movie.
An elegant, absorbing and stimulating experience.
Couching universal themes in achingly human specifics, Almereyda's adaptation of Jordan Harrison's Pulitzer Prize-nominated play locks in on four veteran leads to pinpoint every nuance.
A chilly, elegant and thought-provoking futuristic family drama ...
A high-concept idea with a low concept approach, Marjorie Prime is cerebral, talk-driven sci-fi lit up by a compelling exploration of big ideas and across-the-board strong performances from the small cast ...
Marjorie Prime is a rare, conversation film that still demands to be seen on the big screen, to fully appreciate its performances and its subtle power
Imagine Blade Runner 2049 on a microbudget or Black Mirror with a turbocharged IQ, and you'll get something close to this soulful and quietly moving sci-fi.
There is a clever idea here - that providing "memories" for a computerised being is faintly akin to re-powering failed memories in our near and dear. But the cleverness becomes chatterboxed to death.
Almereyda doesn't stray far from the story's stage roots, so the emphasis is on dialogue and performance. The discussions are smart, sharp and insightful, raising important questions.
A gentle story that is no less profound for being so.
An inventive and thought-provoking sci-fi film about memory, mortality, family, and technology.
[Michael] Almereyda's CV is chock-full of daring, unique directorial choices, and this film is no exception.
... a low-key meditation on grief and the power of memories that winds up feeling more manipulative than sincere.
Marjorie Prime is an impressive accomplishment, especially when you factor in the meager 13-day shooting schedule.
Marjorie Prime will undoubtedly mean something specific to everyone who sees it.
As a sly chamber piece, it reassures and unsettles in equal, exquisitely calibrated measure.
Thoughtful and original pictures like Marjorie Prime should be watched in this current climate, but a cinematic viewing is not necessary.
Slow, poetic exploration of memory, loss in sci-fi setting.
Almereyda favors a general air of loss and regret.
The exchanges feel slightly redundant at times. The stagey origins of the material surface occasionally. Minor bumps, though, in a unique psychological journey.
Hardly a rousing crowd-pleaser, but it is a quietly affecting rumination on memory and loss that will touch those willing to watch and listen attentively.
The haunting and allusive Marjorie Prime is a sci-fi film set in the near future but its emotional resonance is bracingly immediate.
Marjorie Prime tackles the vastness of our existence in short form, wrapping inquiries of cosmic proportions inside of an intimate, deeply personal narrative that essentially functions as a relay race where death is the baton.
Raising interesting questions about the growing role tech plays in our lives, Marjorie Prime is an incredibly thought-provoking piece of speculative fiction.
Marjorie Prime's greatest value ... is in Smith's performance.
For everyone who has urgent unfinished business with somebody, or fears of dementia, or of being a caretaker, this movie has something to say.
The film, with its coastal haze and its fickle gusts of rain, is likely to lodge in your memory. Or, as it will soon be called, your hard drive.
Marjorie Prime works better as a premise, and likely as a play, than as a movie-but what a premise. It's worth seeing for the questions it raises
Smith's changes of affect are marvelous. More intellectual than emotional, this is perfect for open-ended post-screening discussions. How would your family deal with your AI?
The virtues in Marjorie Prime are modest, but the muted cinematography by Sean Price Williams adds enormously to the blurred vision of reality the characters feel throughout, and the cast is first-rate.
This artfully crafted human story of emotional interaction with technology is a thoughtfully astute study of family, companionship, death, memory, and meaning.
A movie that leaves viewers with so much to ponder.
It's a marvelous piece of writing, smart and funny with even the most casual conversations ping-ponging back to the film's slippery central questions about the malleability of memory.
Though visually spare and undistinguished, the movie gets revelatory mileage out of Geena Davis -- just as brainy and bruised as she was in her heyday -- as Marjorie's bitter adult daughter, in need of some postmortem therapy of her own.
Good as the ensemble cast is, however, Marjorie Prime is Smith's film. Watching her inspires the kind of awe one feels when looking at the brushstrokes of an artistic masterpiece.
A quiet, contemplative family drama about memory. And about how those memories shape who we are.
Much of the fun of Marjorie Prime is in figuring out where it's going, and why.
There's more going on in this movie's 90-plus minutes than in many summer blockbusters nearly twice its length.
Marjorie Prime is ultimately more about its ideas than its characters, but that's OK, because they're fascinating ideas.
A seamless, unshowy weave of chamber piece and speculative fiction; at times it suggests a lo-fi companion piece to Spike Jonze's "Her" or perhaps an unusually soothing episode of "Black Mirror."
Marjorie Prime is very much a chamber piece with flashes of cinematic brilliance.
The movie lacks ostentation; it appears so simple and unworldly and unhip that one wants to protect it.
Leave it to Michael Almereyda to make a science fiction movie that consists of little more than scenes of two characters talking in plushly appointed living rooms.
Hamm perfectly plays Walter as a sort of suave, GQ version of HAL 9000, and Davis and Robbins have their most satisfying feature film roles in years.
Like the play by Jordan Harrison it's based on, writer-director Michael Almereyda's film is small in scale, but pulls us in close with its provocative setup.
Marjorie Prime is exquisite - beautiful, intense, shivering with empathy.
This is a small film, largely set in just one location, yet its thoughtful meditation on how we construct our relationships and our lives through a frequently unreliable lens of our own making is of universal significance.
Mapping the intersection between history and emotion, Michael Almereyda finds himself in Alain Resnais terrain.
With nuance and an introspective eye, Almereyda creates a beautifully bleak, hypnagogic world in Marjorie Prime that allows its pensive themes to flourish.
Whether someday soon we will all need our own Primes is one of the questions this likable but slightly anodyne movie raises yet doesn't really run with...Almereyda, expertly juggling the tonal shifts between mordant and elegiac, keeps the faith.
Michael Almereyda's screen adaptation of the Pulitzer-Prize nominated play Marjorie Prime never sheds its theatrical origins and fails to find new insights as a film.
Memory is the central theme of Marjorie Prime, a claustrophobic chamber drama with a neat sci-fi hook.
This may not be to everyone's liking and can seem a little too wordy if you are unwilling to jump on board, but the film is nevertheless one of the most uncompromisingly intelligent pieces of filmmaking you are likely to come across this year.
Within its narrow field of vision, the film does bore deep, right through the more obvious strata to the farther, rarer questions seldom asked regarding our relationship to memory - not just what we remember and why, but who we are remembering for.
The narrative depth also accrues gently, like sedimentary layers, as the film progresses, looking deceptively slight at first but gradually building into something more profound.
It's not an easy movie to engage with - the antiseptic settings and anthropological approach can keep the viewer at a distance. But those who can tune in to its wavelength will find it strangely satisfying.
Marjorie Prime feels less true at every turn.
A fascinatingly humane concept deprived of its full potential impact.
As much a small story about family and loss as it a grand discourse on human recollection.
Marjorie Prime is superbly acted, and it's certainly interesting. Hamm strikes a wonderful balance as a talking re-creation that feels almost human, and the rest of the cast is equally nuanced.
Fascinatingly explores the perception and dissolution of what we remember throughout our lives.
One leaves "Marjorie Prime" pleased to have witnessed these actors at work, and rather wishing you'd got to see them tackle this intimate piece in a warmer, flesh-and-blood theatrical context.
This is the rare recent stage-to-screen adaptation that actually improves on the source.
Marjorie Prime is both a sophisticated chamber drama and a captivating contemplation of time, memory and mortality.

@highlight

Intimate in setting yet ambitious in scope, the beautifully acted Marjorie Prime poses thought-provoking questions about memory, humanity, and love.