...registers most strongly as a piece of anti-isolationist propaganda.
Creative Hitchcock thriller mixes fun, spectacular set pieces and political depth.
While Albert Bassermann earned a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination for a somewhat hammy turn, the best performance comes from George Sanders, atypically cast as a fearless and resourceful hero rather than the cads and scoundrels he generally played.
It's such an entertaining film that it's almost possible to forget its didactic agenda, which is certainly part of the point.
It doesn't always proceed as smoothly as some of Hitchcock's best films, but it is never anything less than grandly entertaining.
A fitfully crackerjack picture with astonishing mise-en-scène...some memorable set pieces to take advantage of same, and flashes of Hitchockian wit... [Criterion Blu-ray/DVD]
A showcase of early Hitchcock suspense.
This film contains one of Hitchcock's most famous set pieces -- an assassination in the rain -- but otherwise remains a second-rate effort, as immensely enjoyable as it is.
Story is essentially the old cops-and-robbers. But it has been set in a background of international political intrigue of the largest order.
Due to the rapidly changing political context, more writers worked on the script than on any Hitchcock thriller, but end result is satisfying (if not credible), and even Nazi Propaganda Minister Goebbels acknowledged the movie was a masterpiece.
...a strangely uninvolving thriller...
highly entertaining with many great set pieces.
Into it Director Alfred Hitchcock, whose unmistakable stamp the picture bears, has packed about as much romantic action, melodramatic hullabaloo, comical diversion and illusion of momentous consequence as the liveliest imagination could conceive.
Hitchcock's espionage thriller is a thoroughly enjoyable affair, complete with some of his most memorable set pieces.
Hitchcock gem.
Funny on purpose and that, obviously, makes all the difference in the world.
The film includes some of Hitchcock's finest set-pieces, including a secret hideout inside a windmill, a murder in broad daylight and a plane crash, even if the romantic subplot tends to slow things down a bit.
strength of this film lies with Hitchcock's incredible narrative ability and cinematic vision
Foreign Correspondent works best for what it was designed for: Propaganda.
A run-of-the-mill Hitchcock thriller that has some bright spots, but it's not one of his best.
[A] dandy wartime Hitchcock thriller
Apesar de politicamente relevante para sua época (mérito de Hitchcock), a urgência da trama se perdeu com o passar das décadas, e seus erros tornaram-se mais óbvios, como o forçado romance entre o par principal.
The epitome of the studio-crafted movie. There's not a lazy, haphazard shot in the entire film.
Solid Hitchcock espionage whirlwind.
There is plenty to enjoy here, including some impressive sets, especially those used for a harrowing plane crash at sea and the interior of a Dutch windmill.
One of the great espionage films, gleaming with suspense, atmosphere and sharp dialogue, and tautly directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
Foreign Correspondent (1940), a Hitchcock spy thriller, is about a hard-headed, American crime reporter and foreign correspondent Johnny Jones
The picture is not the best of Hitchcock's body of work, but it is quite a well done film and well worth looking for.
One of Hitchcock's underrated films, but even today, it is one of his most satisfying, hilarious, and intelligent films.







@highlight

Alfred Hitchcock's Foreign Correspondent features a winning combination of international intrigue, comic relief, and some of the legendary director's most memorable set pieces.