In the spirit of the "set 'em up, knock 'em down" slasher genre, Hatchet plays fast and loose with tropes while adding its own bloody stylized spin and keeping things down and dirty.
Feels like an old-school slasher flick that's been hidden on a dusty shelf for the past twenty years. And yes, I mean that as a compliment.
The film might not host an original concept, but its attention to detail - the tiny things that made '80s slashers unique - render Hatchet a far more enjoyable experience than its competition.
Lacking the satirical bite of the first Scream... this is mere pastiche that doesn't even wink at what it is pointlessly xeroxing from the past.
I enjoyed Hatchet quite a bit. I was never scared, and I can't say I laughed out loud much, but it has a very gleeful tone that invites the viewer in.
Only a brief, nicely sculpted bass clarinet line provides any redeeming quality.
This may be the bucket of blood that splatter fans were eagerly anticipating ... but it is also an excellent horror film with solid scripting and strong performances that make it appealing to a wider audience.
Enjoyably schlocky horror flick, with its tongue firmly in cheek, ensuring that there are several laughs to be had amidst all the gory, hatchet-wielding mayhem.
Fun horror-comedy about tourists being picked off in the swamps. Tongues are firmly in cheeks; heads don't stay long on shoulders.
This low-budget horror spoof lasts only 84 minutes, but seems to take forever.
A reasonably serviceable horror, with much gory dismemberment, and featuring a kind of ancestor worship in the casting of scary-movie veterans Robert Englund and Tony Todd.
Billed as "Old School American horror", Hatchet's actually something far less classy: a technically inept homage to '80s slasher movies that's both bloody and bloody stupid.
Long before its howling bogeyman has savaged his last victim you'll be wondering if the movie has anything else to offer besides self-conscious homage.
Green's efforts to strike a balance between knowing humour and no-holds-barred horror are stymied by an erratic tone: a slow, talky build-up gives way to a soggy middle section and a messy, all-stops-out finale.
What could have been a mini-Scream is ultimately I'll Always Know You Did Last Halloween the 13th.
Like Scream never happened, this is an uneven comedy-horror homage that gets by on enthusiasm alone.
usually the choice between "fun party" and "mad badness" is a no-brainer - but in Hatchet, viewers get the best of both worlds, as carnivalesque hilarity and carnage go hand in bloody hand.
Hatchet est un film fait par des fans pour des fans avec tout ce que cela implique en termes d'effusions de sang et de démembrements à n'en plus finir
(I)t has to be said that Hatchet's homage to the goofy, gloppy vivisection-fests of two decades before has a strange way of satisfying.
Horror without suspense is like sex without love: you can appreciate the technicalities, but ultimately there's no reason to care.
It's just not that scary (even the gory sequences are predictable and boring). And it certainly isn't clever or funny.
Draggy stretches in the first few reels could easily have been pruned from an already tight 83-minute running time.
It's spirited, totally exploitative, entirely forgettable high body count slasher movie fun, and it sure ain't pretending to be quality cinema.
Green's self-aware comedy works quite well, and builds up to a gory mess that I quite enjoyed. It may not be the second coming of the slasher flick, but it works...
For any self-respecting horror fan, Hatchet is an amusing, spooky, visceral, smartly-crafted breath of fresh air.
A cut above average.
Even after appropriately lowering expectations, it's kind to call this one a cut below.
Taken ironically, this is a fun movie. But do be sure to lower your standards at the door.
Green -- like John Carpenter, Wes Craven and the get-it-done directors he obviously admires -- is smart enough to ratchet up the horror in Hatchet to a level that should satisfy party-hard gore hounds and casual tourists alike.
In its gore, Hatchet is not especially inventive
No other film in recent memory has featured such a terrifically retro maniac or revisited the heyday of Eighties gore films with such gleeful, moist abandon.
Hatchet isn't funny, it certainly isn't frightening, and Will Barratt's absurdly murky cinematography hurts the gore money shots.
Marks the arrival of a very interesting new talent on the scene, one that feels inspired by the grindhouse horror genre and tired of the self-seriousness of the torture trend.
It's Itchy-and-Scratchy outlandish, not 'torture porn' scuzzy; it's a classic KISS concert, not a GG Allin bootleg.
The results can be messy.
For die-hard fans of horror, Hatchet might feel like a reprieve, but it certainly isn't a healthy one.
High expectations and any discerning taste should be thrown out the window for a film of Hatchet's budget. That accomplished, audiences will find a gem of an intentionally bad movie.
Delivers on every one of its meager promises.
So ridiculously over-the-top that it's best viewed as a wacky spoof.
It is an expertly executed slasher film done by someone who genuinely loves the genre and if you're a fan you'll enjoy it.
Like its villain, its brute strength makes up for its relative lack of brains.
Hatchet is an unapologetically violent film that makes no compromises and takes no prisoners. It could very well be one of the best horror films of the year.




@highlight

The over-the-top gore, campy acting, and dim cinematography may be part of Hatchet 's self-described old-school ethos, but irony alone can't sustain a horror film.