Besotted with its own playfulness, Mister Lonely gives off the distinct impression that it was a lot more fun to make than it is to watch.
Curdles into fanciful obscurantism
It's movies like this that the art house was made for.
A bore.
The film, more ant farm than movie, seems like a lazy effort from a talent who has lost his edge.
This film may be Korine's most accessible as a director, featuring characters, images, and situations that are stirring and unforgettable -- even if they don't add up to a complete narrative or visual whole.
Fails to achieve any kind of cumulative meaning outside of Korine's private amusement.
The film has a delicate and deliberate pace. While all the characters could be assigned symbolic motivations, most just seem like annoying and self-indulgent jokes within director Harmony Korine's eccentric point of view.
Mister Lonely falls into the 'art house' category of film, and you can multiply that by 100.
Korine has found an evocative subject, but he remains entirely too cavalier in this attitude towards narrative coherence.
In contrast to the grimy and occasionally grotesque Gummo (1997) and Julien Donkey-Boy (1999), this drama has a more gentle, Felliniesque feel.
The film doesn't work, and indeed seems to have no clear idea of what its job is, and yet (sigh) there is the temptation to forgive its trespasses simply because it is utterly, if pointlessly, original.
A movie that goes to extraordinary lengths to say ordinary things.
Korine falls so thoroughly in love with many of his images, including his opening shot, that he stretches them out in hypnotic slow motion.
Korine may have an original voice and eye but can't really think of anything interesting to do with them.
Like Francis Ford Coppola's Youth Without Youth, the film has overarching problems yet contains diamonds of clarity and inspiration that you won't find in any dozen movies. You'll have to mine for those diamonds, though.
Korine's most lavishly produced pic to date begins as a sweet-tempered tale of social misfits-turned-celebrity impersonators, but falls short of its ambition to say something meaningful about the obsessive nature of celebrity culture.
A visually and conceptually mesmerizing and mystical movie.
Sporadically poetic but largely a chore to sit through.
The film is a paean to the imagination, but what keeps Mister Lonely from being just a self-indulgent flight of fancy is that Harmony Korine shows that even in Neverland, the suffering is real.
Harmony Korine's films thrive on uncertain ground. Exiting the theater, you're never more aware that ten people can sit next to each other but see ten different films.
He likes to shoot his actors from distances, so that they look a bit like the real McCoys. It's disappointing to find that they're not, but it's also even more intriguing to wonder: who are they, then?
... begins and ends with a wonderful, striking image -- Luna gliding by a red and white wall, riding a very low bike with a toy monkey suspended from the back -- but nothing in between is nearly as effective.
While it's full of arresting, indelible images, Mr. Lonely remains mostly on the level of abstraction. You get it but you don't always feel it.
Despite a few lyrical moments, his film is overridingly precious and its realizations, rather than commenting in any real way on a celebrity-obsessed culture, just seem puerile.
In its slightly comical, somewhat mordant, and completely ambient way, Mister Lonely wonders about the perils of idol worship, the way people can hand their entire selves over to a religion, be it Catholicism or celebrity.
A colony of kooks where James Dean, Lincoln, Chaplin, Buckwheat, The Three Stooges and Little Red Riding Hood wannabes run amok in an Eldorado of wackos without ever quite losing their sanity, speaks euphorically to the many paths to personal liberation.
Movies tell the same stories over and over, but I know of only one that evokes mourned innocence in just a three-minute slow-motion shot of a Michael Jackson impersonator and a stuffed monkey aboard a clown bike.
[Harmony] Korine hasn't released a feature film in nine years, and his new Mister Lonely is richer and sweeter than anything he's ever made.
Once the novelty of all the celebrity impersonations wears off, the film never gives you much of a reason to care about the predicaments of its cardboard characters.
Fans of Korine's previous films shouldn't worry that their idol has sold out--Mister Lonely still marches to the beat of its own peculiar drummer.
To purists and lovers of abstraction, challenge, and all things fringe, it may feel like a loss of authenticity. But to the larger mainstream audience, it simply makes art more accessible.
If Korine proves anything, it's that Samantha Morton is incapable of giving a bad performance, no matter what she's asked to do. She's a good reason to see the movie, and perhaps the only reason.
Occasionally there is a striking image or a moment of wounded sweetness, but mainly the film provides ample proof that it's possible to be bizarre and boring at the same time.
In this fairy-tale of arrested development, Korine has created his most mature movie yet.
Mister Lonely has its moments of wonder and beauty, but the film is obscure by design, and meant to appeal to those who favor the alternative canon of directing greats.
Korine's strengths lie in crafting individual scenes, not in shaping a coherent whole.
After Gummo and Julien Donkey-Boy, the director Harmony Korine evinces a kind of integrity -- he tries never to entertain, and lo, he succeeds.
Possibly the worst movie this year... or at least we can hope so.
Mister Lonely is an offshoot of our celebrity-mad culture, like the National Enquirer morphing into The Maury Povich Show.
I will end with the faint praise of Mister Lonely as the least offensive of the works in the Korine canon.
This is undoubtedly a small movie, but it's also more than that: it's a small, imperfect world.
Movies tell the same stories over and over, but I know of only one that evokes mourned innocence in just a three-minute shot of a clown bike.
The film is pretty ramshackle, full of obvious group improvisations that fail to spark and an overdose of bathos.
As a champion for the beautiful and the strange, I'll take bottom-shelf Korine over just about anything else currently playing in theaters.
despite the film's odd, whimsical tone, solid performances, and sartorial splendor, Mister Lonely runs out of steam and, as a commentary on our celebrity-obsessed culture, doesn't have a whole lot to say
Think of it as a cinema-of-the-infantile and you'll be better able to stomach the utter boredom that goes along with Korine's prepubescent logic.
"Mister Lonely" is the kind of film you have to work hard to get something out of, but, like the celebrity impersonators at the heart of the film, there's more to it than what you see on the surface.
Let's hope we don't have to wait so long to see what Korine will do next.
[A] surprisingly poignant portrait of the willful abandonment of reality in favor of pop cultural oblivion.
Overall, this is frustrating arthouse stuff and Mister Lonely is unlikely to find any friends at Britain's multiplexes.
Beautiful, grotesque, dancing always to their own rhythms.
Harmony Korine's new film is a whimsical, lazily conceived tragicomedy about lookalike impersonators, and it is so pointless and irritating that after a while I literally found it difficult to breathe.
Mister Lonely is an exercise in transformation, both on and off the screen. Korine has shed his Dogme 95 skin but what kind of filmmaker emerges is not exactly clear.
Surreal, whimsical comedy about an island commune of impersonators.
Korine comes back strong with an affected but intermittently affecting curio featuring the pseudo-starriest line-up you'll ever see. Flying nuns on BMX bikes will be a leap of faith for many, but the wild black laughs keep things grounded.
Too long, not nearly as funny as it hopes, and some plot elements (what's with the sheep?) are extraneous to the improvised mood.
Eight years before another Harmony Korine film is not a bad prospect.
It's an endearing enough idea but the film's dark side undermines the charming set-up.
In a choice between traditional and safe and experimental and flawed, opt for the latter every time.
It's probably impossible to ever really understand what [Korine] is on about, but there are some accomplished sequences and terrific performances along the way.
Enjoyably weird drama from Harmony Korine with superb performances and a typically brilliant appearance from Werner Herzog.
It's subdued a bit, and not nearly as nauseating. And I'm not sure I mean either of those things as a compliment.
After eight dark and reclusive years (including drug rehab), enfant terrible Korine is back with a disappointingly slight and whimsical fable about the romance between a Michael Jackson and a Marilyn Monroe impersonators, peppered with skydiving nuns!
It's never clear what it all means or even if it's supposed to mean anything. Music and silliness get the picture through to its circular ending.
A love story that also serves as a reflection on identity, blind faith and individuality.





@highlight

Less biting or offensive than Korine's earlier works, this frustratingly dull film still maintains the director's trademark odd beauty.