The performers are fresh and offbeat, with the diminutive Peter Dinklage (Elf, The Station Agent) especially funny as a gay wedding planner named Benson Hedges.
A droll romantic comedy that relies on a self-deprecating brand of humor which must be a bit of an acquired taste. The film's utter predictably sinks this exercise in obviousms, making its few funny moments not worth waiting for.
Showalter cria um filme exatamente como seu protagonista: desajeitadamente simpático e divertido.
What comes to mind are TV sitcom pilots full of strain, and the forlornly perky mechanisms of old Day & Hudson comedies.
Clearly the filmmakers are trying to make The Baxter look old-fashioned. But there's a modern smugness and superiority that undermines that attempt.
It doesn't take much imagination to guess who will end up with whom, but The Baxter is agreeably silly and has lots of simple charm.
Every romantic-comedy cliché gets played out, but merely re-enacting those clichés in an arch tone isn't funny enough.
Showalter tackles his mission with energy and an upbeat attitude that makes him a winner as a lovable loser.
The structure is a miscalculation by Showalter, who inexplicably drives his audience through the exact type of sappy material he had started off satirizing.
Perhaps it's only just that a movie about a loser should be a loser itself.
Unlike Woody Allen's nebbishes, who are always the smartest and funniest people on the screen, Elliot is a bore.
Only when Williams is around does the movie seem human, true, and funny: Even in her slapstick there's pain. She's almost too good: It's not until she's left a scene that you realize the movie isn't working.
Anyone who's seen a few romantic comedies, the older the better, will find something to like about The Baxter.
Is this enough on which to hang a full-fledged movie that people will pay to see? Probably not ...
The biggest failing of The Baxter is that the humor is often just too obscure.
Think of "The Baxter" as "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dumped."
There are enough laughs that those who enjoyed The 40-Year-Old Virgin might want to take The Baxter for a whirl.
The movie is like an extremely faithful cover version of a song you like -- it adds nothing new, so what's the point?
With seemingly thousands of romantic comedies to slay, Showalter wound up joining the party instead of peeing in the punch.
Conceptually...The Baxter is hobbled, and all Showalter has is his concept.
Showalter's Elliot, self-described as the kind of guy who gets hay fever just raking the leaves, never breaks out of the Baxter cliché. Frankly, he makes a pretty good case for why the sad sack never gets the girl.
The Baxter is a good-hearted romantic comedy that achieves its uncomplicated comic goal of presenting an underdog love story filled with offbeat personalities.
Showalter all-too-slavishly follows the lock-step school of formula romance.
The Baxter is so ineptly conceived, staged, written and played that you suspect it's part of a psychology experiment to see if people will laugh at anything.
Mildly cute while thoroughly forgettable, the chief achievement of The Baxter is it serves to remind viewers how thoroughly adorable Michelle Williams can be, even in something this inconsequential.
The Baxter has many of the ingredients of a good-natured indie date movie. But when the lead performance isn't one of them, it gets difficult to recommend.
The Baxter is a self-conscious one-man show that obliterates the fine line between 'quirky' and 'annoying.'
He's a sweet guy, sure, but he has all the romance and personality of a hot-water bottle, and so does the film...
No great shakes, The Baxter nonetheless has a quiet loopiness going for it.
While trying really hard to make Elliot a lovable loser, Showalter too often just renders him shrill and annoying.
Changeups are commendable and all, but Showalter may be guilty of playing too far from his strengths.
A strained affair that screams wannabe from the opening frame.
Halfway through, the film stops trying to be a parody and simply becomes a romantic-comedy, with all the usual exasperating formalities.
It's a satisfying date movie that can only be improved upon with a gromwell plant (if you don't believe that's a real plant, you can read about it in the dictionary).
Starts off promising a new spin on the romantic comedy genre, and then ends up exactly like all the others.
Showalter's Elliot Sherman gives 40-year-old virgins a bad name (something Steve Carell has done so much to disprove).
Michael Showalter is a funny man, but ... how to put this gently ... not a funny movie star.
The problem with The Baxter is right there at the center of the movie, and maybe it is unavoidable: Showalter makes too good of a baxter. He deserves to be dumped.
A sweetly engaging homage to the dizzy screwball charmers of Hollywood's golden age, The Baxter is a happy surprise enlivened by its cast's appealing performances.
What's surprising is Justin Theroux, who's actually hilarious.
Like Elliot himself, the film aspires to be no more and no less than what it is, a thoroughly charming and satisfying romantic comedy with charismatic quirkiness.
It's a terrible comedy and a worse movie, and I'm hoping, like its namesake, people leave this at the alter and look elsewhere for their entertainment. I know I wish I could have.
It contains a wry, throwback charm.
If wry, understated character comedy is up your alley ... you'll likely dig this movie.
His party-of-one status is a result entirely of his own noxiousness.
A tender love story and a dead-on lampoon of the genre, but its main drawback is that Showalter is egregiously miscast in the title role.
The more the film stresses and strains to be funny, the unfunnier it gets.
Writer-director Michael Showalter flirts with a great premise, but his slight love story gets cold feet.
You know, early on, the outcome of The Baxter, but [Justin]Theroux, with a first-rate comedic performance, helps sustain your interest.
Provides a few laughs, but only a few.
the flip side of "The Graduate;" what happened to the guy jilted at the altar? ...a charming, clever, humorous, touching, intelligent comedy.
If [Showalter's] acting is misjudged, his direction is merely uninspired.
Allusions to '40s screwball and later offerings like Annie Hall have a mild resonance as The Baxter struggles to get its footing.
This wry, low-key comedy swims defiantly against the stream of contemporary comedy, eschewing bodily-function jokes and obvious gags in favor of laughs so sly and self-effacing you could almost overlook them.
This innocuous flick tries to evoke screwball rom-coms of the '40s, but despite a few chuckles, it misfires with predictable plotting and forced farce.
The Baxter is an ideal date movie because it's sweet, it's funny and it doesn't insult anyone's intelligence.
The only way to even guess that humor is being attempted here is to monitor the comical faces mustered by the actors.
There are enough laughs in it if you're willing to settle.
Suffers from the same handicaps as its title character: it's a little too stiff, a little too timid, and it feels like it's trying a little too hard.
Refreshingly free of the ironic uncouth toilet humor usually found in most modern rom-coms.
If there is one real treasure to be found in The Baxter, it is in Justin Theroux's inspired parody of Sebastian Junger...laugh-out-loud funny whenever he's on screen
Showalter pushes too far: Nerdiness, after all, can be only so attractive.
A Baxter of a movie: well meaning and mildly likable, but unlikely to sweep you off your feet.
Savvy viewers will see through this pastiche of shopworn goods.
The Baxter is more than a little out of step in a summer peppered with crude or idiosyncratic wallflower romantics.
Sex doesn't figure into The Baxter, Showalter's strained romantic comedy; exaggerated arrested development does, of a guy kind that congratulates adult men on their dweebishness, assuming that dweebishness is of the hipster Brooklyn variety.
The Baxter nods to better-behaved comedies of the past.
promising, quite funny, but ultimately underwhelming
This romantic comedy about losers in love gave me some laughs but couldn't make me fall in love.
It argues, ironically, that pretty people should only end up with pretty people, and the best we can do is hope that the temp with bad hair will find us equally nerd-hot.
Chooses to embrace, rather than transcend via zany bawdiness, the schmaltzy genre within which it's operating.





@highlight

The Baxter is good-natured, but there are simply not enough laughs to fuel this comedy.