In a way, this documentary delivers many reality checks that the best idea is not necessarily the most followed idea.
It's a good watch if you're a political wonk, but even if you don't follow foreign policy all that closely, it's a good education.
This sort of profoundly dishonest manipulation of the facts goes on constantly in The Final Year, ostensibly a report of the conduct of U.S. foreign policy during the final year of the Obama White House.
It's almost as slick as a reality TV show, complete with offhanded moments and comical asides.
Intimate, revelatory and seriously important, 'The Final Year' is a time capsule of the dignity and grace that was once in The White House.
An unremarkable 'fly on the wall,' or should I say, 'roach on the wall' documentary strictly for political junkies and Obama fans who might miss the man.
Presents rather than probes, letting its subjects and the contrast between them and today's state of affairs do the talking.
An efficient snapshot with moments of greatness.
To understand why Rhodes and Obama are so pleased with their foreign policy, you have to understand the way they think. The documentary is revealing about that.
Documentaries do not necessarily have an obligation to objectivity, but they should surely reveal new truths or be persuasive of new perspectives. As moving and timely as The Final Year is, it doesn't quite hit these marks.
The Final Year probably doesn't qualify as a great documentary, but its three principal characters, particularly Powers, are quite impressive.
Unhappily, the "unprecedented access" afforded Greg Barker's often rudderless documentary largely consists of spin, pillow shots and political humblebragging. If you're hoping for Obama's very own West Wing spin-off, you'll soon be disappointed.
The deepest frustration is that Barker had seemingly unrestricted access to one of the most revolutionary and skilled White House offices of the postwar era, yet the end result is like condensing an entire season of The West Wing.
Regardless of politics, it's fascinating to see how the White House works.
Obama is great company throughout the film, even if he sometimes does give off the contradictory air of a man carefully keeping his distance from those colleagues closest to him.
The editing is kinetic, with a cut rate more commonly associated with action films than documentaries. The score further supports this tone of urgency, laden with that political sound that typifies news show themes.
Unfortunately, The Final Year never really coheres or finds focus. It meanders and can feel self-congratulatory. It's probably best seen by political wonks, or by anyone who wants to wallow in a bad kind of nostalgia.
One of the best aspects of the movie is Barker's close access to his subjects.
It's compelling in ways you wish it wasn't.
"The Final Year" is stirring and saddening, but too well behaved by half; I wanted it to be a little less Steven Pinker and a little more Dwayne Johnson.
For viewers interested in West Wing life, it's a tasty behind-the-scenes tour, and for those averse to liberals, it has the comedy of this lot being hit by Trump's election win.
So much has happened in the year since Donald Trump entered the White House that The Final Year feels as if it has missed its time.
It's chilling to witness Obama's cool intelligence and statesmanlike composure, given the knowledge of who will come to replace him.
Director Greg Barker uses his access to offer an insider's perspective, but he rarely questions the decisions or highlights the failings of a superpower's sometimes conflicting policies.
"The Final Year" lacks the focus and urgency of other, better political documentaries like the superb "Weiner" or "The War Room." Even more disappointing, it's devoid of objectivity.
Sometimes their ethical band-standing sounds a little pompous, but they all seem genuinely motivated more by idealism than ego. Which sounds almost far-fetched given what was coming next.
It feels like a bit of a PR job at times, though you can't PR the election result away and the elephant in the room throughout is what's happening back home.
... The Final Year remains justifiably reverential to an Administration which, even during its final months, worked to carefully addressed diplomatic alternatives toward a safer, more peaceful world.
It's not the love fest portions of the left might expect. In fact, Barker spends plenty of time on legitimate criticisms of the administration while never shying from showing us that the White House is frequently visited by cockroaches.
The Final Year... is a kind of disaster movie, the chronicle of an impending catastrophe that creeps up on its victims.
There was little expectation that this was more than a valedictory exercise, with one mildly progressive Democratic president about to hand over the reins to another one. Boy, was everybody wrong!
As an evocation of on-the-ground political reality, "The Final Year" is a a solid and often entertaining work in much the same wheelhouse as the durable political documentary
Along with Susan Rice, this team manifests President Obama's exhortation that we must give diplomacy a chance to succeed.
This gripping, full-access account of life inside the White House during the last 12 months of Barack Obama's administration is sobering and heartbreaking.
You might learn something from The Final Year, but you'll pay for it with the souring of your nostalgia.
Filmmaker Greg Barker's documentary is both an inspiring portrait of an American leader and a shattering reality check.
... uses its remarkable access to capture some powerfully candid moments, especially leading up to the apprehensive transition of power.
At least one viewer wept all the way through the credits.
Occasionally illuminating insights into diplomacy, international relations and the cultivation of self-image.
It's one of those films, like From Here to Eternity or Titanic, where you know a giant historical event is going to happen at the end and overturn all the plans made by the characters.
An intelligent, absorbing documentary.
Call it Requiem for a Globalistic Dream.
Access means nothing if you don't do anything of worth with it.
Every big issue covered in the film can't possibly be done justice in 90 minutes, but even getting the broad strokes here offers more solid information than could be found on the nightly news ...
Gradually documentarian Greg Barker's look at Barack Obama's foreign policy team comes into focus, thanks in large part to the counterpoint played by the Trump campaign.
In a speech toward the end of The Final Year, Obama muses that while history zigs and zags, "the trendlines, ultimately, will be in the direction of a less violent, more empathetic, more generous world." If only it were so.
... this peek at President Obama and the dedicated people who surrounded him is still enlightening.
What chills most about this doc is how unprepared Team Obama was for the victory of Team Trump and the ease with which many of its hard-won policies could be unraveled. Welcome to our new national nightmare.
An interesting but less than spontaneous record of effort and achievement that has been almost completely undone by the unexpected result of the 2016 presidential election.
Rather interesting although only fitfully compelling ...
This is not what the director Greg Barker and his colleagues set out to make, so all they can do is contemplate the wreckage and wonder what went wrong, rather than take control of the narrative themselves and mould it into any kind of coherent lesson.
Barker conducts a few interviews, but the film is strongest when it just leans in to observe.
For its target audience, The Final Year can't help but have a melancholy feel, any more than it can be separated from the prism of politics. But it's worth seeing, if only to gain greater appreciation for the nature of these jobs and their highs and lows.
[An] engaging and resolutely un-dishy travelogue ...
... this documentary serves as a contagiously appreciative salute to an administration that appeared genuinely dedicated to making the world more humane.
The Final Year isn't going to convince anyone who is firmly planted on the opposite side of the aisle, but undoubtedly it will stir those who uphold the views defended by Power, Rhodes, and Kerry.
Anyone interested in the ways in which diplomacy works - and how it sometimes doesn't - will find the documentary educational and perhaps even enlightening.
Chris Barker has done the best with his material, and he has managed to show the dying days of an administration, warts and all at best.
It isn't, like [Don DeLillo's] novels, paranoid or funny or, despite its tragic surprise ending, full of dread. It is, like Obama himself, optimistic about the state of the world.
For much of its first hour, this movie is tepid and self-congratulatory, a quick-cutting advertisement for itself.
"The Final Year" teeters toward insight, only to turn its attention to personalities.
"The Final Year" isn't just a memorial for the way things were. It's a pressing reminder that they don't have to be the way they are now.
While no one wants to blame people for being smart, optimistic and cocky, The Final Year ends up feeling like a parable about hubris.
... it's hard not to get wrapped up in some of the backstage moments.
Sometimes the obvious polish pushes this film a little too far into propaganda territory but for the most part the emotional aspects of what we see are real, and that's especially the case on the election night when hopes are dashed.
Obama is gone, and yet is still among us.
Heavy-handed, sure, but somehow we forgive the film's fawning. Less "West Wing" drama than moving memoir, The Final Year leaves us feeling at once wistful and hopeful.
Time is running out, we're urged to feel, for idealism's honest broking. By the film's last scenes - election night 2016 and its poignant Götterdämmerung - it has run out.
I feel it's likely the people in it-Obama, former Secretary of State John Kerry, former UN Ambassador Samantha Power, and former Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes-would agree you should do something else.
It is, for what it's worth, a good documentary, though I imagine its true worth and true nature can only be revealed in time.
How extraordinarily restrained, professional and high-minded these people are.
In the end, "The Final Year" can offer only the perspective of time and history as a consolation.
As a document of what were likely the waning days of American empire, and the curious priorities its agents chose during them, this is fascinating.
A compelling and well-made documentary about statesmanship at the highest level, enriched with an element of horror due to the rise of Trump occurring in the background.
A most somber affair. Or, if you're on the elephant's side, it's a great opportunity to gloat.
The Final Year serves best as a rosy-cheeked reminder of the hope and optimism that existed for eight years in the White House.
The shadow of subsequent events looms oppressively large, but Greg Barker's film still speaks eloquently for diplomacy and selfless public service.
Barker takes a simple premise and, through nothing more than some solid editing and a clear-eyed focus, creates an insightful and surprisingly moving snapshot of one of the most tumultuous events in recent political history.
For liberals, The Final Year might become a kind of metaphorical marriage video that's watched by divorcees who yearn of that initial hint of paradise.
It's a blur of airport runways, limos and government buildings that feels like the midway point between 'The West Wing' and 'Fast & Furious'.
It took the year 2017 to realize how much we miss Obama.
Sobering nostalgia for what White House competence, high purpose and good intentions looked like.
The impression one gets from this documentary is that these people at the top of the Obama Administration are very smart, well-spoken, literate and they work very hard.
The Final Year is a requiem for a future of hopeful realism that collapses on itself before even coming to fruition.
The President's team is always shown in a good light no matter what.
A poignant, profound feature, that has an overwhelming sense of futility prevalent throughout.
At 89 briskly-paced minutes, 'The Final Year' skimps a bit on some topics, and has a tendency to portray POTUS 44 through rose-colored glasses. But it's nonetheless a fascinating peek at how this stuff works.
If the documentary is a failure - and overall, it is not - then it's an intriguing one, if not a substantial one.
The compression required to fit a year as convulsive as 2016 into a 90-minute feature means we never stay on one point for very long, and that the election of Donald Trump in November just gets dropped into the narrative like a third-act twist.
... the movie just lets its subjects speak and trusts the audience to connect the dots. That's an effective and even illuminating approach, though it can make it hard not to watch the film through parted fingers.
"The Final Year" clings to a precooked thesis about the Obama Doctrine that misses the behind-the-scenes drama and candor of superior political documentaries like "The War Room" or "Weiner."
For most viewers inclined to check out a film about the subject, it will be hard not to cry.
Under the current circumstances, Barker has given us a film with much broader appeal, one that's not only absorbing but also essential in its depiction of humane, responsible leadership.

@highlight

The Final Year uses director Greg Barker's wide-ranging access to take a detailed inside look at the closing months of the Obama administration.