Zoe Saldana's charisma not withstanding, Colombiana is the female equivalent of a Jason Statham film, i.e. badass but bland.
Acclaimed writer Luc Besson (The Professional, Taken, The Fifth Element) co-writes another action-packed movie that even with a few outrageous moments is still a smart, sexy thriller with a good story that propels Saldana's star power.
[Zoe Soldana's] cheekbones may take our breath away, but so do her martial arts chops.
Given the acrobatic fight skills Zoe Saldana displayed in Avatar, and since producer Luc Besson's stock-in-trade is the female assassin film, 'Colombiana' was a match made in She-Terminator heaven.
A guilty pleasure film that is more fun than it deserves to be.
You keep wanting "Colombiana" to go all the way in one direction, or all the way in the other. Instead, it just sits there, content to give Saldana a lollypop.
Colombiana contains some thrilling scenes as well as an interesting sense of twisted humor, but there's not enough here to really keep us engaged.
Laugh out loud exploitation...See Zoe shoot. See Zoe kill. See Zoe strip (PG-13 style)
Colombiana is caught somewhere in the middle of an engaging character drama and a brainless action extravaganza.
With a tighter story and structure, most of the film's problems could have been easily fixed, resulting in a film that doesn't feel like a build-up of superfluous events.
Ranks as one of the more eco- and econ-friendly projects of recent memory, what with producer/co-writer Luc Besson recycling many elements from his prior successes.
The action set pieces are elaborately staged and sometimes exciting, but the dull script, overcooked direction and wonky editing damage this otherwise enjoyable B-movie.
"Colombiana" never even considers that what Cataleya has devoted her life to doing might not be entirely justified and that what she does might make her just as evil as the people who wronged her.
A fast-paced tale of revenge, 'Colombiana' is a better-than-average actioner made all the more interesting by its female lead. Zoe Saldana ('Star Trek' and 'Avatar') follows the path of 'Hanna' and 'Salt' as a tough-as-nails assassin.
The latest disappointing actioner from producer Luc Besson...
click for full review at Movies for the Masses
Overall, the movie has enough clever chases, break-ins, and escapes -- not to mention a sweet, small tragic romance -- to make it worthwhile, but this isn't one of Besson's stronger efforts.
Colombiana has one true asset -- the seminude sight of its star, Zoe Saldana -- and milks it for everything it's worth.
A cynical mash-up of Besson's Leon and Nikita, though without their depth of character or emotional warmth.
It's as slick as an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, as fast-moving as hurricane Emily and as memorable as an episode of The A-Team.
Half the dialogue between these dirtbags is devoted to her near-invisibility, and all of it's awful: "She's like mist," apparently.
You'll find yourself laughing, then realise that it's not meant to be funny.
Even the talented Saldana can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear - much less a dog's dinner.
Colombiana is every bit as slick and silly as you'd expect, but Saldana pulls off her far-fetched assassin with panache, whether wriggling through a police station's air ducts in a latex cat suit or dispatching a crook with his own pet sharks.
Occasionally enjoyable in a silly way, but I have to say Besson's preoccupation with the little-girl-becomes-killer trope is looking a little unwholesome.
Saldana has star quality and action chops but the script is laughable and boring.
Colombiana wants to be Bourne with boobs, but its connect-the-dots narrative and silted script means it can't quite reach those bone-crunching heights.
In Colombiana, a basic formula is reduced to a few broad strokes: she's skinny, she's lethal, she's desperate.
Columbiana piles on so many ludicrous events, puzzling plot points and fake accents that it loses any chance to be a halfway decent pulp mix of beauty, bullets and bad guys.
A far-fetched disappointment considering it was co-written by Luc Besson, the director of Leon.
It makes virtually no sense if you think about it, and the writing and direction are mostly incoherent. But it's also guilty good fun.
The movie delivers slam-bang action, so much so that we're reminded that movies have to MOVE to carry us along, and with 'Columbiana,' we're along for the ride, baby.
Tiresome and unconvincing.
With no sense of humour and long lulls between action, director Megaton appears primarily concerned with coming up with as many different ways as possible of getting Saldana down to her skimpies.
Poorly directed and badly written, this is a disappointing and increasingly bloated thriller that fails to sustain any actual thrills, despite a decent early set piece and a solid turn from Zoe Saldana.
Colombiana fofana, Zoe Saldana banana. C'mon, sing it with me! C'mon! It makes more sense than the movie, and it's more entertaining to boot.
Colombiana never successfully builds off the emotions established in its strong opening.
The promise of the borderline-priceless early scenes with Amandla Stenberg as the 10-year-old Cataleya aren't quite fulfilled by the more predictable set pieces with the adult assassin.
... predictable from first frame to last.
Colombiana, despite its many explosions and some howlingly wooden dialogue, is an eminently forgettable actioner.
The movie is like a lady who can't choose between two suitors: the campy and fun one, or the serious and cliché one.
Often improbable, sometimes ludicrous, but frequently exciting.
A generic time killer that doesn't leave any kind of lasting impression.
Gets off some fire-flashes of interest but nothing more sustained. The romance subplot is rote and there are some ludicrous moments. Ultimately, it seems hollow-point.
If you go into "Colombiana" expecting a glorified student film you will not be disappointed.
We could be talking up Zoe Saldana as the next Angelina Jolie. But she's going to need a stronger vehicle than this to end Angie's reign.
Director Olivier Megaton has mastered the art of balancing absurdity with conviction, both in his montages and his choices on the soundtrack.
Possibly worth seeing if you are 13.
Saldana is in a Jolie mood and shows what a tough gal she can be. What we never get is enough knowledge of her character.
There's bad acting all around, but you can't fully blame the performers. The dialogue needed a writer to come in and punch it up - the lines sound like placeholders.
Wrapped in B-movie trappings from its clichéd script and implausible scenarios to less than thrilling action, the best thing Colombiana has going for it is the lovely Ms. Saldana, who deserves much better than this.
Colombiana isn't the last word in action movies, but it's a fun ride.
Megaton blows things up, demolishes a fruit market, and throws in some parkour foot-chases as if he's completing a checklist.
Colombiana isn't completely dreadful, if you ignore the holes in its Swiss cheese of a plot.
It works well enough as a revenge movie, thanks to some good performances, some good action sequences and some Mission Impossible-like tactical operations.
When shortly into the film, Cataleya is escaping from a jail cell through an unsecured ventilation vent large enough for a person to easily fit through and that leads to the outside, I knew we were in trouble.
Luc Besson's pulp-fiction assembly line churns out another adequate ass-kicker with Colombiana, which boasts many of the French producer-director's favorite tropes.
Oozing female empowerment, acrobatic Zoe Saldana is the new action star to watch.
It desperately wants us to feel for Cataleya's lonely lot in life, especially when it trots out Johnny Cash's cover of "Hurt." But if it can't even spell the word "personal" correctly in its end credits, how can it possibly understand the definition?
We all love a steamy pile of frivolous nonsense now and then, but it has to move quickly or we lose interest, like a joke that stops being funny.
The star's dangerously low weight is only the start of its problems.
. Presumably slapped together in a whirlwind of utter indifference while Besson was otherwise preoccupied, "Colombiana" is a bitter bon-bon of a film that even the most dedicated members of his cult will find difficult to swallow.
There's a reason this clunker is being buried at the end of August and wasn't screened for most critics -- it shouldn't screen for most audiences either.
The film is undercooked as a script, but Zoe Saldana commits to it with such ferocity that she makes it feel like everything matters, even when the script doesn't lay out a case for what that is.
Columbiana is stupid, listless and too shy to be any fun. When you fail to make a well-armed, underwear-clad Zoe Saldana interesting, it seems almost intentional.
There have been some successes in the last few years following Besson's formula of stale dialogue, light character and strong action. But there have been far more misses than hits. Colombiana doesn't even stand out among those.
Thinly textured and technically proficient, with a cartoonishness that takes it out of the real world.
It turns into the same silly stuff we've seen before, a dish of revenge served not so much cold as reheated.
Breaking no new ground, "Colombiana" more or less plays it straight.
Deprived of details, Megaton expects us to subsist on action alone, but it's not enough to fill the void left by the absence of story.
Focused primarily on the sex appeal of the actress, trusting that particular feminine posture will distract from a wobbly picture that consists of a series of vicious sketches bound together by a vague interest in revenge.
The best way to describe the action packed film 'Colombiana' is to say to that it's mindless, unpretentious, very stylized, and entertaining. It's your typical B film brought to the big screen by the power and influence of Luc Besson.
If you like stylized fights, spent shotgun shells hitting the floor in slow-mo, and things done blown up real good, Megaton's your man and this is your film. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
escapism as exaggeration
Luc Besson keeps ralphing up scripts about beautiful lady killers, but that doesn't mean you have to keep seeing them.
Zoe Saldana makes being an action hero look so easy in "Colombiana," you have to wonder why more actresses don't try it.
Luc Besson has decided to make one for the girls.
Put Zoe Saldana in a catsuit and have her slithering around air conditioning ducts while techno music pumps and, basically, you've most of my attention.
A waste of time, talent and resources on a movie that would feel more at home in the direct-to-DVD aisle of your local big box store than on a multiplex marquee.
There's little to no care paid to anything outside of three or four action sequences -- and those will look just as good on home video. In five weeks.
After opening weekend, 'Colombiana' will more than likely be buried in the shallow grave of other femme fatale action duds like 'Aeon Flux,' 'Catwoman' and 'Elektra.'
Colombiana is often preposterous but never boring.
This is a showy flower of an action film. Saldana doesn't get much of a chance to emote, but her action skills blossom.
There are some early comic moments that have you laughing along with the movie, but eventually the clashing tones and preposterousness just have you laughing.
All killers should look this good doing their dirty work. It'd be a better world.
Genre action at its most generic, a thick pudding of all the usual rooftop chases, martial-artsy slap-ups, and improbably huge weaponry.
Is Saldana the new Schwarzenegger, only leaner, meaner and much better looking in spandex? I think so.
A movie so addicted to the crack pipe of delirious cinematic badness that it has real potential as a camp classic.
Nothing in Colombiana feels remotely original, from the initial, unexplained killings to the string of bad supporting actors with indeterminate accents who are periodically shot, knifed, garroted, run over, blown up and eaten alive.
Along with a spectacularly physical performance by Zaldana, Colombiana features some of the best frame-for-frame shots you will see this year.
Despite its borderline campiness and arrested adolescent mentality, Colombiana succeeds in delivering the goods as a fun albeit formulaic action flick that's most notable for Zoe Saldana's stone-cold yet still sexy performance.
As a solidly entertaining piece of trashy exploitation its only drawback is a PG-13 rating.
While most action films fall apart because they succumb to stupidity, Colombiana suffers most because it tries to be too smart.
The results are so clumsy and over-the-top that they should have just called the movie Panty Assassin and played the whole thing for laughs.
For the most part, it's all big and silly, but at least it's enjoyably staged and crafted.
Colombiana may not be the brainiest of actioners, but one of the merits of producer Luc Besson's latest brainchild is that fanboys worldwide will come away with a scrap of horticultural knowledge as well as a pretty good time.
There are guilty pleasures to be had in this frenzied B starring Zoe Saldana, who gives an acrobatic performance that makes the overcooked material watchable.
An action-packed distraction for popcorn munchers who found the dialogue and plot points in Transformers: Dark Of The Moon too subtle.

@highlight

Zoe Saldana has the chops but she's taken out by erratic and sloppy filmmaking.