An assault on the senses, a fever nightmare of color explosions and extreme closeups of a child's tonsils while they scream for the ice cream man.
Mild-mannered, kid friendly. Not much there for adults. Except for Heather Graham...
It's a fun, imaginative movie that is terrific for young kids. I think it encourages children to celebrate creativity.
It's a simple story that treads familiar ground, but it's fun to watch as a family, and it has an impressive amount of energy behind it.
Could be much worse.
A kaleidoscope of bright colours, the best thing about this chirpy comedy for tweens is 12 year old Australian actress Jordana Beatty, whose energy and enthusiasm as the bubbly Judy Moody with the shock of unruly red hair, is contagious
Rammed with speech bubbles, text messages and onscreen status updates, this is a cartoonish car crash.
Only the children manage to survive it. The adults are totally plastic throughout.
Having a middle-aged male review it is probably ridiculous. So is asking its target audience to listen to a middle-aged male's opinions on the subject.
Ought to go down fine with the 10-year-olds it's aimed at.
Watchable, sweet natured and fast paced children's comedy enlivened by colourful production design and a charming and likeable performance from newcomer Jordana Beatty...
For children, Judy's simple suburban pleasures and unsophisticated emotions and tantrums are something that many of them will relate to.
Graham is lovely and Beatty a natural, but if you're not seven years old, it's one long headache.
Too bad, then, that there's no real joy in all the physical business filling the screen, not even in Judy's animated daydreams. Bummer.
Full color, body excretions, shouting and not much else, "Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer" is dull as a summer spent indoors.
Hyperactively desperate-to-entertain and also veers into too-episodic, too-peppy and too-kooky territory. Would be a lot more funner if it were much less dumber.
We're very glad Judy Moody's summer turned out not to be a bummer, and wish the same could be said for the reviewers who have to sit through her movie.
The best thing about Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer is the engaging performance of red-haired Aussie starlet Beatty, who will play the titular star in Eloise in Paris. We can only hope that film sticks to the book.
... hammers away at you for 91 endless minutes.
Even as a remedial kids' movie, this one fails.
Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer begins with bedazzled credits, and it's downhill from there.
It is aimed at kids and as far as I could tell it pleased the kid audience - so adults will just have to grin and bear it.
Mostly it's all poop picnics, blue barf, and Urkel (Jaleel White) playing a banjo.
Heather Graham is 41? No way! (That's about the only thing I got out of this movie)
Fun must be won, earned, dominated - it is only through competition that we Moodists may demonstrate our true worth to the fearless leader and her spastic cause.
It's hard to fault the cheesy cheeriness at work here, but this should not in any sense be confused with a great film, or even a good one from the adult point of view, and they should consider themselves warned when it come to sitting through it
Tediously slapstick, trying even to the most juvenile audiences - wait for the DVD
Children will enjoy the gross-out moments and comic disasters and everyone else will enjoy looking at very pretty Heather Graham. As a movie, though, it's a bummer.
Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer begins with bedazzled credits, and it's downhill from there.
A comedy about young kids for young kids that feels like it was made by young kids.
Judy Moody And The NOT Bummer Summer is as manic as kids on a sugar rush and just as exhausting for the adults they're with.
Popular book heroine gets a bummer adaptation.
...bears a lot in common with last year's "Ramona and Beezus" if those characters had ADD and were a little less goody-two-shoes. Director John Schultz uses a visual style dialed to 11...to make sure kids won't be bored for a second
There isn't even, really, any point. There is, however, throw-up, poo, pee and lots of running around and screaming.
A reference to Mary Poppins serves as a reminder that all kids' movies don't have to be stupid and obnoxious, but this one shows contempt for children of all ages.
It's the kind of movie where the kids grinningly display chewed-up peas they've been saving for you in their mouths, so enter with those sorts of expectations.
If you need to entertain kids for a couple of hours this summer, then Judy Moody and the NOT Bummer Summer fits the bill. But if you're looking to be entertained as well, you may want to select another film.
This is a movie targeted at young girls that will certainly make them laugh but won't teach them much.
A cotton candy movie. It's sweet and colorful, it goes down easily, and where kids [love it], their parents may find a small taste is more than enough.
With summer comes theaters filled with superheroes, sequels and forgettable family fare. In the last category, we find "Judy Moody."
Decent without being memorable or funny.
"Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer" isn't just "Rare!," as its title heroine would say - it's a seriously perfect vacation destination.
"Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer" is sure to appeal to kids of all ages from 6 to 9 who are female and have no taste or sense of humor.
Maybe I'm getting too old, but Judy Moody and the NOT Bummer Summer is a movie that I cannot understand how anyone of any age would ever choose to get behind.
Adults will be hoping for more substance, but they won't get it as the skinny plot devotes all its time to frivolous play and increasingly tired slapstick humor.
It's super-awful-crapadelic!
Were parents ever this indulgent? Were guardians ever this permissive? Were childhood summers ever this carefree? No, no and no.
Though the lead actress, newcomer Jordana Beatty, gives a spunky performance as third-grader Judy, her character's borderline bratty charm wears thin fast. Mostly it's undercut by the movie's irritatingly antic slapstick style.
I know I probably shouldn't have liked it as much as I did, but I have to admit I enjoyed its colorful, chaotic goofiness.
Got a restless preadolescent daughter around the house? An air-conditioned theater and this breathless kaleidoscope of a movie might be the answer.
Something got sooo totally lost in the translation from page to screen -- like humor and charm.
[A] canned piece of so-called family entertainment, which slathers on the bright colors and peppy eccentricity but fails to capture the books' childlike voice and essential, grumbling charm.
For those sighing about why they don't make more movies like last year's Ramona and Beezus, based on the book series by Beverly Cleary, they just did.
A film that's energetic but not entirely engaging, fun but never truly funny.
A film that little kids might find perfectly acceptable. Little, little, little kids.
The bar for kiddie entertainment gets ever lower with this excessively loud effort.
Even for sugary neon fluff, it's awfully lightweight.
Some movies make you remember being a child. Some movies treat you like one. "Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer'' does both.
The move is just begging the audience to think of it as cool and falls as flat as hearing your parents sing along to songs you like on the radio.
Never before in the history of cinema has a movie been so purposefully micromanaged toward a specific sub-subsection of the demographic
...a bombardment so brutal that it leaves you cowed and crumpled in the force of its full-frontal assault.
The MPAA needs another rating for movies like this, something opposite of NC-17 that doesn't allow children to see movies that could warp them. Something like NC-10, so anyone over that age is also turned away for their own good.
It'd be nice to report that this film with a still-all-too-rare female protagonist is a great time at the movies, but alas, not so much.
The lesson is that fun can't be planned, but the film is so airless (think iCarly as a videogame) that there isn't a truly playful moment in it.
[This] high-pitched, candy-colored comedy tries too hard to be fun.
This is an ugly movie, perhaps not harmful, but certainly repulsive and hollow. Take your kids to a park or library this weekend instead of spending time with this nonsense.
All garish colors, small-scale sight gags and kid-friendly one-liners, it lacks the same comic spark that a recent "Wimpy Kid's" second diary also failed to deliver.
A shrill, shallow cacophony of individual wacky moments without much narrative momentum.
If it is narrow in its appeal, then the movie is earnest about entertaining a certain strata of kid-dom who will appreciate it more than I.
Wait a sec, does anyone, other than M.I.A. perhaps, rely so heavily and stridently as Judy does on an acronym-heavy parlance?
At the risk of being a Debbie Downer, watching Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer is akin to being trapped in the ADHD-addled mind of an adolescent hopped up on too much Ritalin.
This ho-hum offshoot of Megan McDonald's book series earns negative "thrill points" as it chronicles the mirthless backyard shenanigans of a suburban Pippi Longstocking.
The movie may be high on the junk food meter and much too frantic when chasing down runaway plot threads, but who cares. Judy's creatively rowdy alternative kid universe delights with its Juno boot camp wild tween talk lingo and cartoonesque kid satire.
A shrill, slapdash exercise in sensory stimulation that fails even as a piece of wan, moralizing entertainment.
Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer strives to capture the insouciance of Megan McDonald's popular book series but overshoots its comedic potential.
A for-small-children movie that excludes everyone else.




@highlight

Entertaining for some very young viewers, but for those with normal attention spans, Judy Moody is loud hyperactive overload.