The Ultimate Gift will put you in a diabetic coma.
This new film moves along smoothly until Grandpa's most preposterous mission - which needlessly drags out the movie -- takes Jason to a severely caricatured Ecuador.
It's Self-Help: The Movie, and it stinks to high heaven.
I haven't even read the book, and I know it has to be better than the movie.
A parabolic film about one selfish young man's spiritual transformation.
I think urban sophisticates can be people of faith who want to see movies, occasionally, that don't have the four-letter words, and I do embrace religion, but I think they have to be better than this.
The film squeaks by on a combination of reliable old pros...and appealing newcomers...
The result is a deep desire for those Hollywood execs to remember that Christian doesn't have to equal brain-dead.
Veterans Garner and Brian Dennehy give convincing professional performances here, but Fuller is bland.
Christian charity, in this movie, seems like a side-effect of capitalism.
If you missed the money-isn't-everything message, an end-credits recap outlines the story's salient points -- if you'd known, you could've skipped the rest.
[James] Garner is good, and so is Brian Dennehy as a crusty ranch owner; Abigail Breslin, playing a leukemia patient, demonstrates that she was not a one-note wonder in Little Miss Sunshine.
Pretty much what one would expect: a sincere story of redemption delivered with all the low-key execution of one of those Hallmark-backed TV movies of the week.
The Ultimate Gift is kind of like a feel-good Saw for churchgoers, minus the sadistic games of death.
Wholesome and inspirational, it preaches a simplistic "prosperity gospel."
It is message filmmaking so blunt you might be tempted to root for the parasitic reprobate over the saintly old man, and that's just not right.
If The Ultimate Gift really wanted to embrace a powerful Christian message, it would've made Jason's ordeal truly threatening and genuinely transformative.
If anything, the film's uplifting moral tone seems more in line with a Frank Capra flick than a cinematic sermon.
It does telegraph its sentiments with all the subtlety of a greeting card.
Reeking of self-righteousness and moral reprimand, The Ultimate Gift is a hairball of good-for-you filmmaking.
Has a mercifully light hand in selling its Christian-values themes, but its plodding story about a spoiled young scion who must complete 12 tasks assigned him by his late grandfather is still a slog.
The movie's heart is in the right place. It's just that the route it travels to get there is so dull and unsurprising that you just want the trip to be over with.
It won't offend anyone, but it's not likely to inspire anyone, either.
The Ultimate Gift is less a theatrical feature than a Sunday night made-for-TV movie brought to you by Hallmark. That sounds crueler than it is: The movie, directed by Michael O. Sajbel, has plenty of charm.
It's worth considering regardless of your religious bent -- or whether you have any religious feeling at all.
Relentlessly sappy and predictable...this may go over well as a public service announcement but as a roughly clocked two-hour movie it feels both tepid and tedious.
The sap runs freely in this drama that aims to uplift its audiences with all the subtlety of a forklift.
Ten-year-old best-supporting-actress Oscar nominee Abigail Breslin and 78-year-old James Garner easily steal this show.
Truly awful filmmaking, informed not by real life but by old movies, savages the story's generally honorable and positive themes
Like sensible woolen socks in a ribbon-wrapped package, The Ultimate Gift may be good for you, but it's a little hard to get excited about.
... hardly great, but tries so hard to be good that it's probably due a break.
The predictabilities of the story line might be forgivable if they had been rendered more entertainingly, but the overlong proceedings have been staged in an utterly pedestrian fashion.
I never found Ultimate Gift to be very pushy or distant, and while I might not subscribe to Stovall's teachings, I respect their intent, and this movie's efforts to embody them for the silver screen.
the ultimate morality play sometimes diving into melodrama filled with over-acting, while also providing some real emotional moments that filmgoers should be willing to seek out.
It soft-pedals its religious elements -- discussions of faith and God are fleeting, almost subliminal -- without stinting on the celebration of wholesome family values.
There's an anti-abortion message jammed into one scene with all the subtlety of an avalanche. Just in case you miss it, it's repeated in the credits too. Some gift, eh?
The film communicates its message without belaboring its moral points or throwing in any overt religious dogma. Christ is mentioned only once and I couldn't tell from the story or the credits what the religious affiliation of the producers might be.
Director Michael O. Sajbel and screenwriter Cheryl McKay try to stuff so much of Jim Stovall's novel in that it feels a bit rushed.
The film's values are fairly well encoded into the story, such that it feels less like a sermon and more like a film with a good, if somewhat sappy, heart.
Director Michael O. Sajbel too often succumbs to movie-of-the-week sentimentality and starchy pacing.
Funny and moving, and several steps above the Hallmark Channel pabulum that Fox Faith has mostly rolled out up until now.
The earnest story of a wealthy young man's self-discovery unfolds with thudding regularity. The result is that there cannot possibly be a moment in the near two hours of film that surprises anyone.
Well-meant, but impossibly obvious.
If one learns by suffering, as grandpa keeps saying here, this movie offers a good deal of instruction.
Perhaps predictable, sentimental and sappy, but who cares, when it also oh so effectively delivers the salient message that much is expected of those fortunate enough to have been born blessed with so much.
...there's nothing new about the devices the film uses to tug at our heartstrings, but that doesn't make them any less effective.
It's The Pursuit of Happyness made from the ivory tower looking down, instead of from the street looking up.
The ultimate gift to the bored audience comes when the end credits signify salvation.
A nice little movie that I'm not sorry I saw, but would never see a second time.
Abigail Breslin matches her Oscar-nominated work in Little Miss Sunshine with another brilliant performance in The Ultimate Gift.
The film preaches a familiar message of valuing people over material possessions, but the past moralizing and contrived plot result in a tedious longwinded work that's like a Sunday-school lecture.
You have to wonder why anyone might be interested in this ridiculously contrived and sappy story.
Despite a cop-out finale, there is much to rejoice in a young man's redemption.
The Ultimate Gift is so resolutely 'good for you' that watching it is a lot like eating Brussels sprouts.
Often meanders into Hallmark territory.





@highlight

Though The Ultimate Gift avoids religious speechifying like other Fox Faith films, it's dramatically inert with flat direction.