Despite the film's false notes, its balladlike moods ring true.
The bitterness of the playwright's vision is expanded by the director's fascinated fondness for American culture
Apart from an extraordinary scene of attempted reconciliation between Shepard and Lange "Don't Come Knocking" is an inflated drama that lies stagnate on the screen.
hardly Wenders' most adventurous feature, although perhaps his bravest, dramatising not only the director's undoubted influence on the last 20 years of indie cinema, but also his increasing redundancy within it.
full review in Greek
[It has] a terrific sense of place, something missing from much contemporary US cinema.
Wim Wenders y Sam Shepard (Paris, Texas) recuperan (en excelente fotografía y mejor música) una iconografía norteamericana al servicio de una historia sobre el desarraigo y la necesidad de recuperar vínculos largamente perdidos.
... is so meandering it can make a sober viewer into a drunk.
The widescreen visual poetry of "Don't Come Knocking" seems less like inspiration and more like overcompensation.
The story, jointly cooked up, is reasonable, if not their best, but Shepard's screenplay is a real disappointment, failing to lock into gear at any time.
By the time we get to the point where the camera is endlessly circling Shepard sitting on a sofa in the middle of the street, it feels as if he and his director were making things up as they went along.
...the long-awaited reunion of writer-actor Sam Shepard and German filmmaker Wim Wenders yields only mixed results.
Emotionally arid and narratively lazy, the film is so tentative it seems to be evaporating before our very eyes.
The story is as meandering as it is self-indulgent.
Potential filmgoers should read the title carefully. Then take the message heart.
Aspires to be a story of redemption and discovery, but it's too undercooked to be either.
The charm here is in watching Shepard and Lange, and Shepard and Saint play off one another, and the leisurely pace of the 'discoveries' that aren't really secrets in the first place.
... the story ... isn't big enough to stand up to the characters who blow through it or to resist being overwhelmed by the geography on which it's set.
A sparse, rolling drama with some strong laughs that prods at a western movie star's surprising past.
Though there are a few great moments from the supporting players, they can't compensate for the emotional doughnut at the center of the story: a selfish, inarticulate lump where a leading man should be.
Superb supporting performances from Polley and Baulk go some way to making up for our hero's lesser qualities.
The narrative that unfolds in the wake of Spence's journey recalls Paris but walks too heavy for a character study to gel.
Don't Come Knocking might have been better in the hands of a less self-conscious director, but it's nonetheless a captivating drama.
The dusty backdrop evokes a palpable sense of transience and the lingering past, but there's ultimately very little beneath the gesturing.
Another masterpiece from Wim Wenders and Sam Shepard.
Provocative and haunting, but as a moviegoing experience, it's rather elusive.
With its wonderful veteran cast, its heart on its sleeve, and a love for the landscape that suffuses its technique, Don't Come Knocking is a peculiar but rewarding escape.
Sam Shepard, an actor of increasingly bimbo-ish narcissism, gives another tiresome, cowboy-hat-wearing performance in a monumentally boring and conceited film.
The pacing is so poky, and the situations so loopy, that the movie skirts the line between unintentionally comic and knowingly pretentious.
At times the film is labored and forced.
That the movie doesn't deepen so much as trail off is a frustrating but fitting embodiment of a protagonist who's never taken responsibility for anything.
An engaging drama with strong performances and gorgeous photography, this a minor return to form for director Wim Wenders.
A movie at war with itself, Wim Wenders' latest adopts an ambling gait and doofy cornpone poses in the service of material that probably deserved deeper, more serious consideration.
Spence has much in common with Shepard and Wenders. They seem equally bewildered about what to do, other than spending nearly two hours demonstrating that Spence is a self-pitying fool.
[Wenders and Shepard] ramble the stark countryside, two filmmakers in search of meaning. Interesting, beautiful to watch, but pointless.
Suffers badly from an emotional aimlessness.
Don't Come Knocking isn't noticeably relevant or insightful, even if you're able to suspend disbelief long enough to buy the idea of a western movie star in the 21st Century.
Squanders an interesting set-up and lead character for half-baked indie quirkiness, unstimulating Americana and dull themes about family...
I'm sorry, but not only did I find "Don't Come Knocking" implausible and far-fetched, but also tedious.
The kind of movie you stretch out in, wander around, and -- like the characters onscreen -- just let happen to you.
As soon as the paint dries, you might as well hang Wenders' non-moving picture in a museum.
It degenerates into one of those scream-o-ramas, an emotional hellzapoppin', where everybody tries to make everybody else cry.
The story is faintly ridiculous, but the cinematography and composition are beautiful and even stunning.
It's a tale prevalent in movies today ... men who have run from family and responsibility begin to yearn for what they've left behind.
Reminiscent of a hand-me-down Shepard play, recycling ideas that he's treated far more effectively in the past.
As arresting as the images are, Shepard's clunky, soap-opera banter brings most everything, and everyone, crashing down to earth.
It's a spry and estimable film, rich in ideas, absolutely lovely to behold, and providing evidence that there's still ample life in the old pros who made it.
Shards of honesty pierce the action, true little moments that wound or heal a weak man in a flawed story.
It has the feel of an idea that was kicked around without ever finding its footing.
A moving film that hangs with you like a favorite vacation to red-rock country.
Burdened with uneven acting and portentous dialogue, the film has one important saving grace. Franz Lustig's cinematography exquisitely captures the grandeur and loneliness of the American West.
Don't Come Knocking finally doesn't work for me, because instead of embodying its themes it seems to be regarding them from outside, with awe, as if it is the high school production of itself.
Often occupying more than half the screen, the sky is like a character in the movie, but, unfortunately, it's the most interesting character in the film, which has a bright, distinct look and dull, forgettable people.
It walks a fine line between sentimentality and satire, but rarely stumbles, thanks to a cast that is captivating to hear and watch.
There's something a little absurd about this story, but for me, it's endearingly goofy.
Knocking could be considered a coming out party for Sam Shepard, who turns in a performance that effectively erases the bitter taste of the last ten years of his career
When Wenders spins his camera around Shepard in a 24-hour pan Don't Come Knocking finds an invisible framework and plucks it like a guitar string.
Don't Come Knocking is every bit the instant classic that Paris, Texas was, possibly more so.
The movie ambles along like an old Western cowpoke, but it does eventually get where it's going; the ride may be a little bumpy, but it's a pleasant journey to take.
[A] big-hearted failure of a film.
Don't Come Knocking lacks Harry Dean Stanton and the astonishing emotional trajectory of Paris, Texas (1984), but it reunites Wim Wenders and writer Sam Shepard in a raw, airy West.
A pretentious drama about a formerly famous movie star undergoing an identity crisis.
For those in tune with Shepard's oeuvre; Wenders' sly, muted tone; and the exquisite cinematography of Franz Lustig, Don't Come Knocking can be quirkily resonant.
But I liked this movie, by the end liked it a lot. I was moved, left both shaken and elated by the turn of events which brought all these disparate characters together.
... a meandering country-and-western pop tune that sings its lyrics with a chagrined contrition and a crooked smile.
It's a beautiful mess, but it's a mess all the same.
This is lightweight drama, sure, but it's a charming example of it.
The outcome of [this] journey is already all too familiar.
"Don't Come Knocking" marches to Wim Wender and Sam Shepard's own drumbeat and may not appeal to other than the art house crowd.
'Don't Come Knocking' is about traversing landscapes of memory. Even as the American Dream is fading in the open, once empty, surreal western landscapes now strewn with the detritus of an entirely disposable material society, so too the western-movie hero
There are so many good performances here.
This is the kind of movie where you have to get up every two or three hours and walk around to get the circulation flowing.
This is something to see. A perfect independent film to be sure.
Wenders, returning to the American desert twenty years after Paris, Texas has a made a quiet, wonderful movie.
Beautifully shot in rich colors by Franz Lustig, it's possibly Wenders' most accessible film to date, and among his most emotionally satisfying.
Showcases some fantastic photography, terrific acting, and a superb soundtrack, but it's not the masterpiece that Paris, Texas is.
This is the Diet Coke of existentialism. One calorie. Not existential enough.
More a cry of regret than a coherent story.
This lonesome cowpoke story has its moments of visual beauty, but fails to capture the magic of the first Wenders-Shepard collaboration, 1984's intimate Western Paris, Texas.
A slow-moving study of loneliness effective because of Sam Shepherd's signature acting.
Has the quirkiness we've come to expect and relish in a Wim Wenders movie.
In the film's best scene, Roth interrogates Lange about potatoes. Unfortunately such moments are rare.
surprisingly, it's the relatively obscure Mann who delivers the finest performance
There are no characters to connect with and no story to anchor an emotional response to -- just a series of vignettes where Shepard, as the cowboy, demonstrates he's so lonesome he could cry.
Despite a fine cast, the film feels as lost as Howard, unsure of its direction or tone.
Visually majestic but dramatically inert.
Lustig's cinematography has a Walker Evans-like power.
Much as you want to walk away from the messes it makes, Don't Come Knocking is like a performing panhandler on the subway whose shtick is just funny enough to grab your attention -- along with a little loose change.
A weirdly atonal film that lurches between heavy-breathing comedy and dramatic overkill.
...while Wenders has had funny moments in his work, he's not deft enough at humor to sustain it throughout a feature.
What gives it a vital, touching dimension is that Shepard, as actor and writer, depicts Howard's burnout from a hard-bitten inside knowledge of celebrity's privileges and traps.
Beautifully shot but a colossal bore.
Don't Come Knocking would cure even Tom Waits of barroom whimsy for life.
The longer Don't Come Knocking goes on, the less interesting it becomes, its considerable promise sacrificed by a director's inability to keep his self-indulgences in check.
This is just another male menopause movie, marred by unlikely dialogue and hokey theatrical symbolism.
Totally lacking pretense and easily accessible, this character driven film is beautifully captured
Judging by this meandering and diffuse Western, middle-age hasn't been kind to Wim Wenders and Sam Shepard, whose first teaming, Paris, Texas, was far superior
This narrative riff on alienation and identity disappoints.
A dry, spare, odd and oddly satisfying drama about a modern-day lonesome cowboy, lost in a desert of his own making, who seeks salvation by searching out those he left behind.
Strikes some resonant chords but also hits notes that simply don't ring true and are borderline risible at times.



@highlight

The cinematography conjures beautifully evocative landscapes, but aside from that, the film is meandering and pointless.