A sure-footed and thrilling sidestep into cinema's mainstream.
As for the direction, Tykwer seems more enamoured with architecture than with his actors.
What is this movie about? I had to keep asking myself this question while suffering through not one, but two hours of The International.
Take away the Guggenheim shootout and we've at least got Clive Owen at half throttle. Take away Owen and there's nothing left but the tired old mystic cabal of sadistic sorcerers.
...an exceptional thriller that's consistently elevated by the uniformly superb performances and Tom Tykwer's subdued yet stylish directorial choices.
A thankfully, skillfully mature effort by Tykwer to produce a proper thriller for adults, one even lent a little extra resonance by our currently cash-strapped times.
Think of it as the cinematic equivalent of a chunky paperback thriller that gets you through a week-long holiday.
It's not a bad thriller, but it's dispiriting to see the gifted Tykwer doing the Ridley Scott fandango
The International packs handsome leads and exotic scenery - so why doesn't the film click with audiences like it should?
Tykwer demonstra conhecer as convenções básicas do gênero espionagem ao trazer uma atmosfera de intriga internacional à narrativa.
[Plays] itself as a mystery/thriller with something profound to say at the end, when we've pretty much heard a lot of this already.
Naomi and Clive burrow into the swanky sewage of global conspiracies by capitalist assassins and devious suits, in league with diversifying mobsters worldwide. Sobering details effectively spiced up, and with leading man libidos firmly in check.
See it for Owen's trademarked thinking cap and glower, the Guggenheim, the score, and the smugness of knowing first-hand that banks are actually much, much stupider than any movie could ever predict. Check it out, it's a fun time.
As far as stimulus packages go, The International fizzles.
It's helpful to keep in mind that any movie about the evils of corporate culture that's backed by a Hollywood studio has an inescapable identity crisis.
Emfanos aposteiromenos gia to proto toy taksidi sto Hollywood, o Tom Tykwer afinei ton Frank Griebe, ton fotografo toy ap' tin epohi toy Trekse, Lola, Trekse (1998), na bgalei oli ti doyleia
A world-weary Clive Owen takes on a powerful and corrupt bank in a tough but ultimately tedious - game of cat and mouse that ranges across Europe and North America
...all the excitement of a corporate report combined with the liveliness of a stuffed animal.
If you're going to make a movie about homicidal bankers, you don't get extra dividends for exaggerated body counts.
The film offers a classic example of a screenwriter boxing himself in a narrative corner from which there is no escape.
Tom Tykwer's thriller shrewdly introduces Lou (Clive Owen) as he observes rather than acts.
The International is strewn with wild improbability, but that hardly deters from its appeal.
The International is being presented as a "thriller for our times", but it's too far-fetched to be relevant. Still, it's an enjoyable yarn.
Slick, fast-moving conspiracy thriller.
The pacing could be a bit faster and the script could be a little less obvious but this is overall well worth a look.
The International is far from being a Bourne or a Bond but it does pass muster for a Saturday night at the movies. Just.
The plot is heavy going at times and the interrogation scenes are a tad dull, while the dialogue is often just ludicrous.
I only wish that the final story was as strong as that initial concept.
There are dashes of style here and there that almost threaten to make the movie halfway worthwhile.
If he has trouble making his characters very interesting, Tykwer comes into his own in staging the action.
As frustrating as the story's shallowness is, this shortcoming is very nearly negated by the sheer physical pleasure of the production.
Eventually, you just let the tangled double-crossing take care of itself and enjoy the way the film defiantly bucks the contemporary thriller trend for shaky-cam coverage and lightning cuts.
After a promising start, The International is an increasingly disappointing experience. Hampered by a weak script which peaks far too early, all that's left in the finale is a steely performance from Clive Owen. Mildly entertaining at best.
This satisfyingly cynical dig at the world of high finance should please anyone with a taste for paranoid political thrillers.
Clive Owen may have lost the chance of playing 007, but he can still carry off an action movie, and proves it in this smart and handsomely made corporate conspiracy thriller from German director Tom Tykwer and first-time screenwriter Eric Singer.
What sticks in the memory isn't so much Owen's seething, one-note vendetta as Tykwer's modernist flair - the way he frames his sequences using buildings, confining the intrigue inside cold prisms of glass and steel.
Like a well-oiled thriller machine where bankers are bad guys, this is a guilty, guilty pleasure indeed.
Uninspired and inconsequential, The International provides less thrills than a meeting with your local bank manager to discuss interest rates.
The film-makers are predictably making much of the allegedly prophetic nature of their bankers-as-villains storyline. Nice try. At its heart, The International is just another tale of a flawed idealist tangling with faceless corporate evil.
After the critical and commercial success of the Bourne series, thriller-makers really have to raise their game...and this doesn't do the business, save for a couple of brilliant shoot-out setpieces.
Leaving behind the aromatic fantasy of Perfume, Tom Tykwer weighs in with a tense and exhilarating entry into the spy genre. This is an espionage thriller well worth investing in.
For all its serious intent, Tykwer's 'relevant' thriller proves to be perilously naff.
It deserves to be a major hit.
If the rest of the picture had been as thrilling and action packed and the characters a touch more original, the opaque but charismatic Owen and the achingly transparent Watts could be embarking on a series of movies to rival the Bourne franchise.
As an action thriller The International might well lack the full-on fight scenes of a Bourne movie, but it is a smart and sophisticated globetrotting thriller with just the right villain for these troubled times.
Paranoia abounds in this slick but stodgy drama recalling the conspiracy thrillers so beloved of 1970s cinemagoers.
Message to Clive Owen: Daniel Craig filled the James Bond vacancy a while back and is doing a great job, so you really should stop auditioning for the role.
The action is often crass, the location-hopping mere crisis tourism. But the acting and dialogue deliver.
It's reasonably efficient, passably entertaining, and strenuously playing catch-up with the Bourne movies: flat-footed Owen doesn't look as good as Matt Damon sprinting through city streets, and the editing doesn't match Paul Greengrass's whiplash pace.
Overlong and underwritten, this corporate-noir thriller is propelled by its gleaming good looks.
The title of the sleekly professional The International sounds off-puttingly more like a corporate hotel than a thriller and the first half proves just as blandly businesslike.
Though The International starts decently enough, its flailing action set-pieces and dialogue such as "sometimes a man can meet his destiny on the road he took to avoid it" drag it down to a very pedestrian level.
The International would love to be the new Michael Clayton but it's nowhere near smart enough. It also fancies its chances as the new Taken but it just doesn't have the guts.
As a thriller this raises the stakes high enough for us to invest our time and as brainy entertainment, is definitely one you can bank on.
The film seems to unfurl at a pace that by modern standards could be described as leisurely, and yet that works in its favour, even though it also allows us more time to contemplate some of the script's more implausible elements.
The whole indeed proves to be greater than the parts thanks to Tykwer's direction.
An action flick with smarts, but that's not to say the brain and the brawn always coexist easily.
Now that "banker" is a term of abuse, more offensive than any word it rhymes with, Tom Tykwer's film is extremely timely. It has the hard-edged efficiency of The Odessa File - and a sequel would be most welcome.
The International has its fair share of dodgy moments, but these are more than compensated for by an amusingly topical plot, some stunning photography and a thrilling shoot-out sequence.
The film goes off to a sort of sluggish start, and its ending just goes on and on. But in the middle is one of the most astonishingly awesome action sequences in recent cinematic history.
Killer banks may be new to the movies, but there's nothing else original in this if-it's-Tuesday-this-must-be-Istanbul thriller, with its portentous globe-hopping and racing through colorful street bazaars.
a relatively engaging, if not terribly convincing, variant on the evil corporation thriller
Despite a preposterous shootout at the Guggenheim and the puzzling presence of an unneeded Naomi Watts, Clive Owen carries this ultimately action-filled thriller.
A bankrupt thriller.
After a gripping opening scene, The International often shudders to a halt trying to explain its convoluted plot.
This international conspiracy thriller is like a Robert Ludlum movie without Paul Greengrass
The film is poorly plotted, which means characters have to stand around explaining things to each other a lot.
The tepid script doesn't quite live up to Tykwer's taut direction.
There is considerable satisfaction in seeing these tyrants of high finance live up to their image as the new villains of modern cinema, but even more satisfying are Tykwer's superbly staged action set pieces.
At a time when the global financial crisis is being blamed, to a large extent, on the banking industry I suppose it's only to be expected that a bank will become the villain of a movie thriller.
It's not that The International needed more action scenes per se, but a bigger dose of personality.
Unlike many recent thrillers, it's not disposable. Days after seeing it, the film is still on my mind.
Though stylish, it lacks the aesthetic-moral force of such political thrillers as Francesco Rosi's Exquisite Corpses, Peckinpah's The Killer Elite, Spielberg's Munich or DePalma's Blow Out.
an exact replica of The Interpreter in every way that counts and is, therefore, completely, immanently, blessedly forgettable.
The whole point of a nefarious institution is that it doesn't have to get its hands dirty. Who needs assassins when you have lobbyists?
Frenetic and far-fetched, it's an intense, often incoherent indictment of insidious capitalism.
Bankers have replaced lawyers in the hate chain, at least that is the premise of this movie
A sleek conspiracy thriller from German director Tom Tykwer.
A slow road to nowhere, less clunky than The Interpreter but bogged down by its own cynicism.
I was really disappointed.
The sour taste of revenge is pretty sweet here.
A methodical, but workable suspense film with one big action scene.
The enormous behind-the-camera crew makes it a rich looking film that is easy to watch. Too bad the routine story brings it down a notch.
Clive Owen and Naomi Watts wasted in overly-ambitious, over-plotted potboiler.
Makes its mark as an action pic with its elaborate set-pieces.
It's betwixt and between, neither smart and understated enough to be le Carre-like nor stylish and energetic enough to be Bond-Bournian.
Boasts great location shots and an incredible gunfight at the Guggenheim Museum, but it's Clive Owen who earmed my most rapt attention here.
Slow and preposterous but intriguing and engaging as well.
Engaging enough thriller if you don't stop to think about it.
The story is bland. The performances are bland. There was nowhere for the plot to go and nowhere for this review to go. The end. Roll credits.
Having made a bank their villain %u2014 a bank, mind you, not a banker %u2014 director Tom Tykwer and his screenwriters have pretty firmly captured the zeitgeist.
The International is so confusing I would rather stand in a long bank line than have to watch it again.
Even without that extended thrashing of the Guggenheim, The International is more fun than its 'really, you're going after a bank?' trailer suggests.
Realized by Tykwer as a convoluted roman a clef that, without much heart, seems to have been pumped up with action scenes.
Considering the nation's top banking CEOs were just paraded across the small screen in a C-SPAN perp walk, they hardly look like invincible super villains. Evil? Maybe. Powerful. Not really.
Tykwer's film is a bit chilly, but working with long time cinematographer Frank Griebe, it is stunning to look at, and Lou's determined need for justice will find plenty of audience empathy.
A bad picture filled with cryptic someones going through the motions of a spy thriller.
A film that squanders a golden opportunity to make money on the current economic meltdown.
It's the basic recipe for a 1970s paranoid thriller throwback: spies, a vast conspiracy and a smart hero thwarted at every turn by a plot that's bigger than he could possibly imagine.
The International won't go down as an action thriller for the record books, but it's a pretty good one for right now. First of all, the villain is a bank. How's that for timing?
A stylish but standard thriller centered on an international bank's malfeasance, The International fails to resonate even on a bank-hating level.
The International possesses the look and feel of a thriller, but not the heart or soul of one.
There's a nifty shootout at the Guggenheim Museum and a lot of scenic travel, but little in it compels.
Perhaps it's best not to think so much and simply be swept along -- by Clive Owen, Naomi Watts and Armin Mueller-Stahl.
One of those movies sponsored by an international conglomerate that lectures us about how all international conglomerates are corrupt.
Beautifully shot, often in or against some of the world's most impressive architecture, The International is far from a total loss. It's just a film whose good assets don't pay off in gripping drama.
Despite the torn-from-the-headlines subject matter, The International feels generic.
Mercifully free of car chases but packed with other adrenaline injections -- including a couple of life-and-death foot races for Clive Owen -- The International is a classy, old-school thriller.
The movie has crisp style and kinetic flair, but some of its flaws are too central for technical invention to dispel.
This seemingly surefire recipe for box-office success is squandered on a thriller that, quite simply, forgets to be thrilling.
The International isn't top-form Tykwer, but it's handsome and adamant, and now's as good a time as any for some out-of-control greedy-banker-bashing.
Taut and amazingly timely, The International is a conspiracy thriller that harkens back to the perilously paranoid '70s.
The International is a sleek, engaging example of a peculiar form of escapist entertainment, a favorite, in fact: It's a thriller that eases us away from our present worries without fully erasing a resonance with life beyond the multiplex.
The script tries to explain how this improbable alliance happened, but it never does make much sense, which is a recurrent theme in this overly complicated conspiracy tale.
Apart from the episode in the Guggenheim, the action in The International is distant and overcalculated.
This movie tends to speak in paragraphs when short declarative statements would do, and what sounded nice on the page tends to play like melodramatic overkill when stated in hushed monotones up on the silver screen.
Some thrillers settle into a rut of adequacy, rarely spiking above or below the baseline. Not The International. Director Tom Tykwer's new picture is all over the place, geographically and in terms of audience satisfaction.
Frank Lloyd Wright's Guggenheim Museum in New York gets its props.... Not since Matthew Barney's Cremaster Cycle has the Upper East Side landmark hosted such violence.
There are a number of reasons why this thriller fails to thrill, beginning with Eric Warren Singer's script.
It has some superb action set-pieces and some surprising character depths, and it's possible to lose oneself in the moment and come away entertained.
More intriguing than the action is Tykwer's use of architecture; his characters are dwarfed by looming towers of cold steel and glass, which says more about the apparent hopelessness of their quest for justice than any of the machinations of the plot.
The International is one of the better films of 2009 so far and contains an action scene that is worth the price of admission.
The International isn't pitching itself at Jack Ryan territory, but weirdly, at The Da Vinci Code.
With its investigation (and a few expertly conceived action set pieces), The International builds a compelling case.
Although the plot's connective tissue is thin, the film's architectural settings are dazzling and the tense atmosphere keeps you glued.
Right... 'cause what we really need right now is a movie about the unstoppable inevitability of bank corruption.
Parental Content Review
Impossible to follow the plot but easy to appreciate the thrilling shootout at the Guggenheim.
Smart, tense and effective ... an intelligent conspiracy thriller that takes its time setting things up, but delivers one of the most impressive set pieces of the year.
This movie is a shining example of generic and bland studio film making.
A globe-hopping suspense thriller with bankers as the villains.
The International, a sleek travelogue thriller, at least flirts with timeliness, winking at an angry and anxious public mood.
The timing of this smart, savvy thriller couldn't be better...
The International plays less like a modern action thriller and more like a conspiracy-minded '70s flick -- think Three Days of the Condor or The Parallax View.
It's a good-lookin' movie, with much to recommend it, even if it doesn't quite raise hairs or stop hearts the way you want it to.
Calculating and distant, as if instead of a movie we're watching a monetary transaction between a filmmaker and his audience.
The International starts out with a strong espionage vibe but is weakened when it strays into "action movie" territory.
The film opens with style, promise & top notch cinematography/direction. Sadly, after an hour of intrigue, thrill, & chase, the script sharply strays from earlier smarts.
Filmmakers talented enough to deliver the best shoot-out since Ronin shouldn't have to settle for the otherwise mediocre results on display here.
The International feels like a message in search of a movie.
The International could have turned out to be a prescient statement about our times instead of one that increasingly droops our eyelids just when it should be opening them.
One of the most surprisingly inert films so far this year, an awfully written conspiracy flick that never gets out of neutral.
No matter how slick the film looks -- every cool-toned frame could transform into a Lexus commercial -- the undercurrent is very, very real, by which I mean hopeless
Director Twyker seems much more interested in the architecture of the world capitols the characters chase through than in having anything of much interest happen there.
Direction is superb, balancing action, story, character and something valuable to say in a compelling movie that you wish wouldn't end. And when the end does come, we wish all thrillers could be so genuine and real
An international bank with dubious morals and unethical practices is at the centre of this large-scale thriller which steamrolls its way through politics, big business, organised crime and weapons acquisition
The International is so self-assured, so assertive in its devotion to craftsmanship, that it proves Tykwer is continually building on his promise as a filmmaker, not squandering it.
Fantastic action, a brilliant cast and a sharp script tightly directed, The International's thrills and excitement are matched and heightened by its uncannily apropos timing.
traces its bloodline back to the paranoia peddlers of the 1970s
It's got some effective moments and aspects, but the film goes in and out of plausibility, and its elements never manage to unify into a coherent whole.
OK, it doesn't tell you much about the role of banks in the current economic free-fall. But if you want to know, it's a humdinger of a stimulus package.
The International almost seems like a Monty Python spoof on spy-game thrillers in which the phrase 'secret agent' is constantly replaced by 'banker,' resulting in lines like, '...If I die, 100 other bankers take my place.'
Despite the script's persistent focus on the link between terrorism and big business, The International feels naggingly generic. You've seen this movie before, if perhaps not quite so stylishly directed.
... for all its impressive set pieces and breathless momentum, it's neither passionate nor urgent.
As smartly as it begins, the film nearly completely unravels around the 70-minute mark.
Everything about it is good-looking, tautly paced and sophisticated; what it isn't, unfortunately, is memorable.
...even the de rigueur international cityscapes look as intricate and detailed as a Where's Waldo tableaux (try to catch this in digital projection if you can).
Real life aside, The International is a compelling and suspenseful thriller that features one of the best shootouts of the decade.
Where Run Lola Run was like a perpetual-motion machine, The International seems to forever be stopping in its own tracks.
The International is a film I liked enough that I wished I liked it better.
It's a well-made and handsome drama centering on a powerful and corrupt European bank with ties to arms dealers.
Garbled at times, the movie still hums along with attractive, smooth efficiency.
A lot like the global economic crisis -- muddled and grim.
It's a mildly intriguing political puzzler, but never manages to engage the heart as well as the head or make your pulse race as it should.
Its premise aches with timely resonance. It's directed with meticulous artistry. So why does it ultimately feel so empty and forgettable?
Swift investigations alter with elaborate set pieces in Milan and a staggering climax at the New York Guggenheim, a furious explosion of violence and excitement that ranks among the most exhilarating sequences I've seen in a long time.
For every burst of energy or eye-catching visual, the film doubly shoots itself in the foot with listless pacing and dreary thematics. Ultimately, it isn't worth the effort to get to the good stuff.
By the time the film unearths its ultimate revelation that, essentially, the entire world is in on the corruption, it's easier to just enjoy the film's scenery and shoot-'em-ups.
An action thriller with some decent action and a few thrills, but all embedded in a yarn so hopelessly tangled that even the loose threads have knots.
The International is just passable; it's a clock-puncher that's almost entirely free of suspense or surprise.
A fairly good thriller with mixed-bag elements: preposterous plot, smartly elegant direction, one of the worst recent performances by a major actress, and a dynamite stick of an action scene that can stand close to the greats.
The movie's theory of insidious capitalism is mildly interesting, but there are no interesting relationships to make it meaningful.
A handsome thriller, just not a riveting one, turning the potential for an unsettling thrill ride with real-world ramifications into a passable nail-biter more interested in the art of protracted conversation than portioning out punches.
A distant cousin to Daniel Craig's second Bond outing ("Quantum of Solace"), "The International" is still worth seeing for fans of the genre.
This unwieldy product, with its swathes of expository dialogue, might have been titled Expain Clive Explain.
The International impressively uses architecture as tone sculpture, primarily setting its action in the clean affluence of polished steel, clear glass and poured concrete modernism. Rarely does a thriller convey such an effortless stench of untouchability
What, might you ask, is the cause of all this cloak-and-dagger skullduggery? Well, I could tell you, but then I'd have to bore you.
I enjoyed The International. Clive Owen makes a semi-believable hero, not performing too many feats that are physically unlikely.
The pace is fast and the action, particularly a mind-boggling shoot-'em-up in the Guggenheim Museum, furious enough. But the less-conventional elements are in many ways even more effective.
Tom Tykwer's globe-spanning thriller about corporate malfeasance offers ideas, pace, beauty, and an aces turn from thinking-man's action hero Clive Owen.
As if we need another reason to hate banks right now.
Taut conspiracy thriller is elevated above the ordinary thanks to Tom Tykwer's sharp direction and a typically rock solid performance by Clive Owen.
[I]nternational bankers...trafficking in munitions and weapons systems in all the powder-keg regions of a troubled world. Is that a group you can love to hate or what?
a convoluted film about a complicated subject
In terms of tension - pure, cinematic suspense - the picture is a knockout.
Even classed up with Clive Owen and Naomi Watts, the story -- inspired by an actual late-'80s/early-'90s scandal -- seems slightly confused and dated.
The star of the pic may well be NYC's Guggenheim Museum and Istanbul's Grand Bazaar, both of which figure in cool action chase sequences that pay handsome dividends.
It's a film that, mad as it sometimes seems, gives you things to chew on.
This movie is a fiction -- and it makes no sense at all.
A timely yet cold drama that's exquisitely produced but mechanical and off-base in intent and execution. As for the plot? 'Terrorism, brought to you by Citibank'
Architecture serves as a principal performer in a technically stunning film that portrays the power of a corrupt European bank.
Howard Hawks once said that the key to making a good movie was "three good scenes and no bad ones." The International has a bunch of bad scenes... but the good one is downright amazing.
There's an extraordinary shoot-out at the Guggenheim Museum coming to theaters this week; unfortunately, you have to sit through The International to see it.
The International is equal parts globe-trotting thriller and architecture porn, as perfectly crystallized by its mind-blowing central set piece: a seemingly endless shootout at the Guggenheim Museum.
Falls into the groove of a conventional action story -- albeit with some contemporary resonances.
A tough sell due to its ambition, complexity and the fact that its action is contained in a single, crazy mid-film burst; still, a perfectly good, engrossing adult espionage drama even if it doesn't take a full, hearty swing at greatness.
Tom Tykwer's glossy, high finance conspiracy thriller is a spectacular looking film with an unsettling intensity.
Torn from the headlines, Tykwer's globetrotting thriller is a mixed bag: It benefits from its timely concerns but is not dramatically engaging and suffers in comparison to the Bourne franchise.
The International scampers all over the place, but it's alternately frantic and a little slack, with a hole in the middle where some interesting characters ought to be.
The International falls far short of making its case.






@highlight

The International boasts some electric action sequences and picturesque locales, but is undone by its preposterous plot.