The acting is terrible, the costumes are hideous and the best jokes are farts, with a pause for sniggers. I found myself laughing out of sheer terror at one point.
With all the makings of a cult, this hit-and-miss hoot is as weird - and certainly much sillier than you'd expect - of a comedy produced by Stefanie 'Twilight' Meyer but directed/penned by the co-writer of Napoleon Dynamite.
It's probably unfair to compare the film and its source inspiration too heavily but this plays out like a weak modern-day Austen novel.
Although...mostly a nice, light, little trifle, it's ultimately half a soufflé at best-one that never quite rises to the occasion.
an interesting diversion that holds a lot of promise at first, is pleasant but generally underdelivers throughout, and then almost redeems itself with a last-minute twist that almost makes sense considering the movie's core weakness.
Austenland is a pretty film to look at, but underneath its look, there's just not much there.
Rom-com fanatics and Austen aficionados may find gems in Austenland, but others will see this as a film with little sense or sensibility.
Based on the 2007 book by Shannon Hale, all the ingredients for a deft, sly, sleight-of-hand comedy are there. But the film is all over the place. The tone is off, the timing is off, the cutting is off. And it's just not funny.
This is just a desperate attempt to hook in gullible fans hoping for a little Darcy-inflected romantic swooning.
Austenland is bound to become the guilty pleasure of the spring.
Not only is it silly and twee, but it tries to present a "realistic" look at love that's just as corny as the romance it's making fun of.
It's generally lacking the wit and charm that Austen herself likely would have brought to the same material.
What might have made a five-minute skit becomes an extended exercise in taking a joke for a walk round a country house before allowing it to crap on the terrace and then stamping it to death on the manicured lawn.
Countless romantic comedies have looked to the novels of Jane Austen for inspiration, but you'd be hard pressed to find one so at odds with the author's spirit than the coarse, slapdash and painfully witless Austenland.
This pantomime farce is in good, hearty spirits ... it knowingly pokes fun at itself ... simply enjoy the outrageous buffoonery.
The enduring appeal of Jane Austen's England is explored in this uneven but often hilarious romp - a comedy, for once, aimed squarely at a female audience.
Simply by smiling, [Russell] robs one of the will to live.
Enough to make you burn all your Jane Austen.
You would be well advised to give a wide berth to this largely useless adaptation of a book by Shannon Hale.
Not remotely believable, it plays like a TV comedy sketch painfully over-extended.
Austenland, allow me to tell you how ardently I loathe and despise you.
So actively inept and so horribly precarious that it becomes curiously engrossing, like watching a monkey spin some plates or a blindfolded dog attempting to ride a unicycle.
Austenland has some nice ideas and a handful of amusing moments, but the direction and editing are poor, the acting is dodgy in places and the underdeveloped script fails to push any of the right buttons.
For a while, the film gets by on silliness alone. But in the end, it all amounts to no more than a sniggery guilty pleasure.
Fans of romantic fiction may enjoy this gimmicky comedy, which cleverly plays around with Jane Austen's fiction but kind of misses its own joke.
The hook consistently gives the whole film a most welcome dose of knowingly cheeky and absurdist humor, lending a most distinctive personality to the more conventional genre formula.
Too witless to be a decent comedy, too charmless to call itself a parody, this messy adap of Shannon Hale's novel groans under the weight of a predictable plot and explosive overacting ...
Surely any real aficionado of Jane Austen would reject the film's notion that the author's literary masterworks are essentially wish-fulfillment fantasies for women too timid for the red-blooded bodice-rippers of the Harlequin line.
Fondly conceived but short of that razor-sharp Jane Austen wit.
The characters are cranked up to 11 and as cardboard as the Colin Firth Mr Darcy cutout that lurks creepily in Jane's apartment.
At its best moments, Hess' film is merely cute, but never more -- and often less.
The acting throughout falls into two registers; pantomime mugging for most of the cast, while the romantic leads, Russell and Feild, look so ill at ease that you pity them.
It would behoove those who produced this lamentable drama to re-read [Austen's] major works, if indeed they had ever read them at all.
Austenland is modest fun but needs to show it has a brain under its sun bonnet.
A reasonably successful, entertaining and genial spoof.
This is a warm-hearted pleasure for comedy romance lovers - Austen readers or not - everywhere.
Aside from tossing around the name Mr. Darcy, the movie's appreciation and understanding of Austen's works seem tenuous: Given its broad strokes, the film (and resort) might as well have been named Alcottland or Shakespeareland or even Sparksland.
Diehard Jane Austen fans might see "Austenland" as something of an abomination. Lighten up, Darcy.
A romantic comedy disaster, in costume.
"Austenland" understands Austen's enduring romantic appeal but has no use for her deeper themes of class, wealth and gender inequality.
Austenland needs lessons on how a proper spoof should behave.
The contemporary cult that's developed around English novelist Jane Austen is plundered for cheap laughs in "Austenland." Unlikely that this phony and often phoned-in romantic comedy will enjoy any cult status of its own.
Hess establishes a playful, light tone that comes as an effective antidote to the bombastic and in-your-face fare of the summer.
It's tentative in its intentions and afraid to push all the way with its premise. It is not sharp enough as a comedy, and when it tries to shift gears and become a romance, it is unconvincing in its machinations.
Austen herself would probably find the movie tacky and contrived.
Hess ... exhibits misplaced pride in her own mediocre screenplay and too little sense and sensibility.
Amiable, yet flimsy - too bad it's not a saucier, snarkier satire.
Not everyone will appreciate the goofy tone on display, but for faithful fans it is likely the Holy Grail of period piece rom-coms.
Sincere Austen devotees -- or Janeites, if you want to get bubblegum about it -- won't find much in common with this modern-day Jane.
A mildly surprising and completely heartwarming ending casts a glow over the previous 96 minutes of "Austenland" but can't wipe out all regrets for what might have been.
Jane Austen would spin in her nearly 200-year-old grave at the crude and broad movie made in her name.
Everything rings false, and the spectacle of bad actors pretending to be bad actors may trouble your sleep for some time.
Miscast, lumbering and ugly to look at.
as charming, as sophisticated, and as cunning as any comedy (or tragedy) of manners concocted by the divine Jane Austen herself
That it stars The Americans' Keri Russell, one of TV's fiercer female leads, only adds to the depressive air of an alleged comedy that belittles the very women it works overtime trying to woo.
Not smart enough by long shot to be Austen-inspired.
Austenland begs a couple of questions: One is why, Keri Russell, why? The other: Where is Christopher Guest when you need him?
... a frothy summer movie with romance, humor, a dab of social commentary and a happy ending."
Hess has made a classic rookie mistake: Any spoof has to be at least as smart as the thing it's spoofing, and this one's twice as dumb.
A wan comedy aimed squarely at whoever it is who buys all those "Austen-inspired" books cluttering up the publishing world.
A broad, witless romantic comedy...a would-be homage that lacks both common sense and an appropriate sensibility.
There's an inspired silliness to "Austenland," an erratic, entertaining comedy with an inspired premise.
There are a few flashes of wit in the romantic comedy Austenland, but for the most part, the humor lands not with Dear Jane's grace and style but with all the subtlety of a cholera outbreak.
Jane soon finds the mashup of fantasy and reality doesn't always mesh. Unfortunately, neither do the various elements of "Austenland."
I daresay you should skip it.
Just isn't up to snuff, often caught floundering with easy lay-up jokes while playing into Austen formula instead of dissecting its intoxicating quality.
Hess, making her directing debut and co-writing with Utah author Shannon Hale to adapt Hale's comic novel, manages to hit a sweet spot between Miss Austen's wry observations and "Napoleon Dynamite's" blissful wackiness.
This is a pretty promising high-concept idea and the movie derived from it is filled with charm.
An irresistible Austen spoof.
I really wish I could report that "Austenland" is funny, delightful and romantic, instead of silly, overacted and disappointing, but, unfortunately, I cannot.
Hess manages to both send up and pay tribute to the core conventions of romantic comedy, and for fans of the genre that is a very happy ending indeed.
It's a piquant idea, but the execution is intolerably clumsy.
No matter how bleak things seem, Austen's characters always manage to find a euphoric and contagious happiness. And that kind of feeling needs to be earned. It can't be replicated with a checklist of plot points.
The film does little delving into what could make a modern woman so hung up on the romantic conventions of yesteryear, even less with complications of class conflict.
Frothy, teen-friendly romcom skims surface but is still fun.
More prejudice than pride.
As a tart analogy for our escapism into literature and romantic comedies, Austenland is, itself, enaging, if not particularly sharp.
This sophomoric comedy views Austen fans as silly romantics who revel in the social artifice of Regency-era memorabilia and obsess about finding a Mr. Darcy
Even Colin Firth rising from a pond completely starkers couldn't save this outing.
Hilariously romantic...or should that be romantically hilariously? It is the most purely enjoyable and, yes, adorable movie I've seen all year so far. Terrific cast.
It says weirdos deserve romance too, and that Austenland isn't so much a page in a book or a place on a map, but a corner of your heart.
The missed opportunities in "Austenland" are more numerous than dowry-less sourpusses at a ball in a Jane Austen novel.
While the cast is gung-ho as well as tally-ho, the results are only intermittently amusing and feel half-finished-the way that "Saturday Night Live" skits often do, but at least those are blessedly only minutes long.
Russell plays Jane's scatterbrained romanticism with such underhanded charm that she goes a long way toward making the laughs seem pertly knowing, even when they come at Jane's expense.
Unfortunately, this scattershot comedy only occasionally hits the mark.
A tribute to Miss Austen needs both sense and sensibility, sparkling wit and a variety of attractive suitors.
Everything about Austenland is heavy-handed, to put it mildly...even amateurish at times,
Austenland is so sluggish and plodding that I started imaging a cross-over with another fantasy-resort movie, wherein the Yul Brynner gunslinger robot from Westworld would show up and lay waste to all of these dullards.
Feels tentative - all too attuned to the blandly easygoing protagonist.
Opts for crass over clever and slapstick over satire.
A humorous chick flick for well-read audiences, Austenland is a novel concept.
If reading Austenland the novel was a guilty pleasure, watching Austenland the movie is like standing around at a deadly cocktail party where the hostess is laughing so hard at her own joke that she can't finish telling it.
What has the potential to be a sharp, kinky satire about people's willingness to lose themselves in art and storybook courtship gets reduced to a relatively safe rom-com.
Austenland embraces convention, and the result is a romantic comedy in which the ending seems not just foreordained, but promised via contract from the first moment of the film.
What might boggle the mind more, though, and even cause Austen herself to walk out of the film, is that this showcase for Keri Russell (FX's "The Americans")...disintegrates into farce, even buffoonery.
It's a truly half-assed satire, one whose senseless sensibility seems less informed by the best of English literature than the worst of Saturday Night Live.
By the time we get to a painful play-within-the-cosplay-within-the-film scripted by Jane Seymour's grande dame, a truth becomes universally acknowledged: Actors "acting badly" is rarely funny.
Austenland the movie is built on the understanding that fantasy is healthy until you elect to live in it-and that sometimes a chase to the airport isn't something you should bother with in the real world.
Jennifer Coolidge's accent goes from Australian to pirate in six seconds and the paid cast members sidestep her errors like turds on a hunting green...If only it were funnier.
Clever rom-com finds new ways to exploit the Mr. Darcy archetype
Hess isn't breaking any ground here. Austenland is a crowd-pleaser with a smart script and a cast that appears to be having a jolly ol' time
The film is still anchored beautifully by Russell who, as she exhibited in Waitress, and for years on Felicity, is an actor that inspires such a tremendous degree of goodwill, you can't help but root for her.
A costumed pageant and the wild spoof of a costumed pageant, Austenland is a clever romp for Jane Austen fans and for those who see Jane Austen mania as an infinitely expanding punchline.
Austenland doesn't really satirize Austen's world (or fans) so much as use them as a pretext for a mixture of middling burlesque and routine romantic comedy.
It is smart and surprisingly literate, its only downfall being in that, in riffing on the work of a very talented writer on the subject of men and women, its screenplay could have used a little more of Jane Austen's immaculate sense of storytelling.
"Austenland" is as light and airy as a cream puff, and as entirely unfulfilling.
Keri Russell is likable, but this feels like too conventional a rom-com for Sundance.

@highlight

Despite an intriguing premise and fine performances from a talented cast, Austenland succumbs to outworn romcom cliches and slapstick gags.