Zany but strained period piece dramedy.
Jayne Mansfield's Car is dramatic and funny and entertaining in many parts, but the jigsaw puzzle doesn't always flow from piece to piece. For all of Thornton's directing skill, the overall film can be episodic and loses focus repeatedly.
The truly superb cast of Jayne Mansfield's Car sputters in this confused melodrama that is more pre-occupied with explicitly saying everything rather than genuinely saying something.
It's obvious that Billy Bob Thornton is attempting something meaningful with Jayne Mansfield's Car. It's just tough to figure out what it is.
There's a terrific movie struggling to escape from this overplotted, overedited, overdetermined stew ...
The inconsistent tone and melodramatic tendencies unfortunately cancel out strong portrayals.
A uniformly fine cast and some infrequent moments of storytelling genius keep Jayne Mansfield's Car steady most of the time.
With its sprawling array of characters and anecdotal, ramshackle structure, [the film] feels more like a collection of interrelated short stories cobbled into an flavorful but ultimately unwieldy narrative.
Thornton manages to balance these themes with interesting and damaged characters while also creating a strong family dynamic.
It's one thing to explore the messiness of familial relationships and regret against the backdrop of the Vietnam War, and something else entirely to try and shove every jot and tiddle in place before the closing credits roll.
War is hell, duh. That's still all I can figure Thornton's film amounts to.
Jayne Mansfield's Car isn't likely to set America's theaters on fire, but it's a powerful whisper of a film.
Thornton, Duvall, Bacon, Hurt and LaNasa part of a rich ensemble taking a trip in 'Jayne Mansfield's Car.'
Thornton's approach is liquid enough to allow for a few poignant and unsettling moments, keeping the film captivating and organically felt before it becomes unbearable.
Overall, the rambling "Jayne Mansfield's Car" is almost as big a wreck as its namesake.
In its best moments, you can see what the film might have been with half a dozen fewer characters.
The scenes in which good ol' boy mentality clashes with stuffy British sensibility are a highlight. Still, both cultures are depicted through cliches.
By a certain point the deliberate pokiness and lackadaisical attitude toward character development and resolution feels like spilled food that never gets completely wiped up.
"Jayne Mansfield's Car" is a bit of an oddity in that there's not really much of a plot to speak of, giving it the feeling of a film that's adrift as it searches for something to do.
Thornton's forthright direction fits the subject matter. And the actors are skilled enough to find shadings within starkly sketched scenarios.
It just sits there, in the process dispensing with so much leaden dialogue and half-formed narrative threads that it manages only to bring together lots of fine actors in the beautiful rural southern sunshine.
Jayne Mansfield's Car is cluttered with characters and subplots, and only a few of them resonate at all.
Thornton never establishes a rhythm that would let him move between stories without it feeling like he's changing channels on a vintage TV, the dial clunking into place every time he moves on.
If you are a fan of Thornton's earlier work you will definitely find this to be an oddly enlightening experience.
Billy Bob Thornton's return as a screen auteur is anything but a joyous occasion.
Billy Bob Thornton's ensemble Southern family dramedy fails to subvert its cutesy formula often enough.
If you're not Southern, and just a little bit Gothic, you probably won't get it.
A fine cast can only do so much with the script's pileup of generational conflict and long-winded introspection, resulting in a willfully out-of-step picture.
The film as a whole feels fundamentally shapeless, more like a collection of anecdotes than a proper narrative. But there's a raucous energy to its digressions that arguably has more value than crystalline structure.
A triumphant return to directing for Billy Bob Thornton. It's maybe not as monumental as Sling Blade, but it's a fine piece of character work with an unmistakable Thornton touch.
Despite suffering from a lack of conviction, it clearly comes from personal place deep within Thornton thoughts.
The whole is oddly unsatisfying and the film feels slow.
Billy Bob Thornton's rough charms make him always a welcome screen presence, but his return to the writer-director chair doesn't stand a chance with this labored script.
Screen veterans Robert Duvall and John Hurt make a strong impact, but sadly Jayne Mansfield's Car is never quite as intriguing as the title suggests.
It succeeds in being funny, sad and monstrously quirky, sometimes at the same moment.

@highlight

Jayne Mansfield's Car assembles an impressive number of talented actors, but the screenplay -- co-written by director and star Billy Bob Thornton -- never gives them much of anything to do.