Though at first the emotional stakes may seem low, the more one thinks about the movie the more its profound truths resonate beyond its narrative limits.
For a film so set on understatement, both comedic and dramatic, Person to Person is surprisingly affecting.
There was just way too much going on...
Defa, who writes as well directs, delivers a respectable ensemble cast movie with intricate story-lines and likeable characters; however it would have been more beneficial for the narrative had the stories been more neatly tied together.
Person to Person plays out like any of the great Woody Allen New York comedies of the 1970s and 1980s.
The movie looks like a vintage '70s NYC film, but the characters all feel like over-written, fabricated creatures likely more at home in a Woody Allen flick than the real world.
Defa's large cast and multiple storylines succeed in watering down its few insightful moments about personal relationships.
I watched it in the morning and liked it just fine. By dinner time I had forgotten I'd seen a movie that day.
An organic narrative that might feature improvised dialogue but never seems false, "Person to Person" carves out an easily listening vibe as the various stories unfold.
Person to Person's performances are engaging throughout. It even earns its end-titles dance party, which is something else you don't see every day.
The Big Apple has never looked so small and inconsequential.
Person to Person is the kind of movie that asks its viewers to open up that tender spot inside. Once you do, it'll completely charm you.
While it manages some scattered moments that are both amusing and affecting, the disjointed film doesn't yield much of a cumulative effect.
A solid cast whose talents mostly go to waste and a movie that meanders from one moment to the next without much momentum.
Some indies are tiny little gems. And then there are films like "Person to Person," pleasant miniatures that, as charmingly slight as they might be, never quite expand into anything more significant.
Like a stoner telling a rambling but somehow completely endearing story that's entertaining despite never actually coming to a point.
The soundtrack - an infectious blend of retro gospel, R&B and funk - often feels too breezy and soulful for this mundane affair, especially when it precedes scenes with pouty teenagers, even if they're world-weary sorts.
Person to Person is a gently comic slices-of-life drama, the kind where a variety of people's conflicting, occasionally overlapping experience of the city comes together into a messy whole.
It's a slight film, but it's populated by enjoyable moments and wry observations that will appeal to fans of talky indies.
Only succeeds when it tries. And it doesn't try hard enough.
Don't expect satisfying answers from this aimless drama, which is chockablock with characters but offers little insight or cohesive storytelling.
A sweet, light puff of a movie, Person To Person succeeds on the strength of its affection for shaggy-dog stories and the personalities who waltz in and out of them.
Defa respects his audience enough to relieve us of patronizing synchronicities, allowing us to piece together potential themes on our own.
There's a lot going on here, very little of it the least bit interesting.
The uneven quality of Person to Person's stories and the inconsequential feel of much of what happens make the film feel a little like a stroll through the city.
Professionally executed festival commonplace [with] just enough to make the old contraption hum.
Writer-director Dustin Guy Defa obviously thinks his movie is about his characters trying to forge new connections with various degrees of success, but Person to Person is really about how difficult it is for well-meaning men to get women to love them.
The whole thing meanders all over without ever really settling somewhere that matters.
The writing and playing is so shambling and affable (there's a real 'They All Laughed' flavor to it), we don't mind how scattershot it seems.
It's played out casually, never lunging for big laughs or revelations-and it charms often because it's cozy with just enough surprises.
Only two of the five-story threads offer memorable moments, while the other three struggle to find any sense of rhythm or personality.
Once you settle into its groove the movie becomes much more than the sum of its parts.
Person to Person is a lot like the New York character it celebrates: indefinable but unmistakable.
A little too self-consciously quirky.
Nostalgia is one thing, but Defa's feature itself is an example of reprising things about the past that didn't particularly work.
An enjoyable throwback to a vintage mode of urban ensemble comedy.
Too bad it doesn't feature very many persons of interest.
A terrific cast, but underbaked on the whole.
It was adapted from a short and at times, this feels like a number of shorts haphazardly sewn together. There's a listlessness to the whole proceedings, as if rehearsal scenes were filmed and used rather than final takes.

@highlight

Person to Person 's moments of insight and absorbing character development are scattered among an aimless, disjointed narrative.