...a superior sequel that accomplishes everything that one might've hoped...
A stone-cold masterpiece.
It's a lovely, beguiling little film a rare treat during this overheated season of blockbusters. It's also an unusual example of a follow-up that doesn't seem forced, but expands effortlessly on the original.
The reunion has some lively moments, but a great deal of slow walking and fatuous talking about love, married life and sex.
Shooting in long takes, Linklater and his actors (who get co-screenwriting credit) allow the conversation to curlicue effortlessly from literate banter to matters of the heart, and sometimes to places in between.
Charming, talky romance for older teens and adults.
As a romance streaked with regrets, obligations and fears, "Sunset" builds to a wistful, perfect conclusion - a fadeout infused with the idea that a memory's never finished as long as you're alive and one of the loveliest last-line exchanges of all time.
the film takes a miraculous healing turn at the end, and the characters rise above their ruefulness, and use it as a springboard into hope
Well acted, very well written, well told, and bears yet another ending that will keep audiences wondering.
Linklater, Hawke and Delpy have collaborated on the script, resulting in an enthralling snapshot of life from the point of view of two like souls who spark by just being in each other's presence.
Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy have reconvened to bring us this belated, yet very welcome sequel.
Before Sunset retains most of what was engaging about the first movie: it has its gentleness, its romanticism and, most importantly, its idealism. What it has lost is the sense of mystery.
I was charmed, engaged and moved by the delightful Before Sunset, and without having re-seen the earlier picture, it has been upgraded in my mind in the light of the new one.
A gemlike minimalist triumph -- deeper and more provocative than its predecessor.
However, between Delpy, Hawke, and Linklater, a script was born and once again the couple meets, this time in Paris, this time for far fewer hours (and in real time).
At the risk of overhyping 80 minutes of intimate real-time, this is the soul of generosity, a beautifully vibrant and big-spirited film.
The dialogue captivates without ever feeling forced or cinematic...
Linklater, Delpy and Hawke have sustained a flawless performance -- one that's warm, thoughtful, funny, sexy, charming and in all ways alive.
The characters eventually manage to get beyond their existential ennui and incessant talking to something approaching romance.
The final 25 minutes of Before Sunset, starting with excruciatingly honest admissions from both parties in a car backseat, are the best filmmaking I've ever seen.
Of course I liked it a lot, I almost loved it. I mean, I often felt like I loved it, but I'm not sure I really did or I'm not sure why. It's, like, a hard movie to argue with.
[A]n experiment can be valuable without being successful.
Una película sobre la frustración de crecer, sobre la constatación de que la felicidad es un concepto extraño que se disfruta mucho más como posibilidad que como meta.
I'm not sure if it's the actors or their conversation that makes the film appealing, maybe both, but it works in a sweet, thought-provoking way.
If you enjoy intelligent dialogue and believe in love, then you'll enjoy this film.
Here's an unusual sequel to an equally unusual film from nine years ago.
[a] charming, intelligent romance
O resultado é que este é, ao lado de Brilho Eterno de uma Mente Sem Lembranças, um dos melhores filmes do ano. E, também como aquele, um dos mais românticos.
Una experiencia de vida inigualable, una historia enriquecedora, un final inolvidable y perfecto. Magistral, una obra maestra.
morally ambivalent about the importance of the family unit and personal responsibility...uninvolving dialogue, uninspired directing, deficient acting.
A lot of the prattle seems like the same-old half-absorbed guff that passes for profundity in so much of Linklater's work.
For all the talk, there's always something unspoken bubbling away in the space between these two ex-lovers...
A deep investigation of attraction is what made "Sunrise" so special. In Sunset, it's the profound, frustrating feelings of regret and anger over missed opportunities, which makes this drama ready to boil over at any moment.
an immensely satisfying sequel that carefully treads the line between the comic and the tragic while detailing the pros and cons of maturity.
Linklater's method, in an age when critics celebrate the egomania of M. Night Shyamalan and Quentin Tarantino, distinguishes him as Gen X's most literary director.
Through the verbiage and the dubious equation of realism with truth, Before Sunset instills profundity -- maintaining an optimism and sobriety about life after 30.
A late date movie that gives young love a good name. More sequels, please.
This is simply a wonderful piece of film-making.
Linklater gives his characters something we rarely get in real life: an opportunity to resolve the sense of loss and regret created by a blown chance at love and happiness.
Before Sunset may be the most unusual sequel this summer, but it's certainly the sweetest and one of the best.
What great chemistry! Again.
While it's not necessary to see Before Sunrise again, it's essential that you have seen it. [Get] the original, and then go see one of the best movies of the year...
Before Sunrise and Before Sunset are a rare case of two movies that rightfully demand yet another sequel.
For the movie's placid external nature hides a tumultuous emotional underside filled with recriminations, anger, hope, compassion and love.
A richer experience than the original.
The ex-lovers' new conversation is stimulating and banal, selfish and broad-minded, affectionate and recriminatory, insightful and obtuse -- in short, the kind of dialogue two people might have while pouring out their hearts and poring over their pasts.
A worthy sequel to Before Sunrise, this is a thoroughly engaging, well written film with perfect performances from Hawke and Delpy.
Surprisingly too linear for its own good...You can't get much more minimalist than this sequel, which could be called My Coffee With Celine.
Jesse and Celine seem like real people, complete with flaws and weaknesses. That they become so fleshed out in such a brief running time is a testament to the script and Hawke and Delpy's acting abilities.
Mr. Linklater and his two creative leads have managed a miraculous transformation of the characters from once-callow lovers into grown-ups teetering on the edge of eternity.
An intelligent, engagingly honest study of love lost and, just maybe, regained.
A great character study that I hope to see continued in another decade or so, with real conversations, true feelings and romance throughout.
Even if you haven't seen the original, Before Sunset engrosses you, as Hawke and Delpy pull you into the lives of Jesse and Celine merely with the power of their words.
This is a wonderful movie.
While the movie appears to be a simple romantic drama, filmmaker Richard Linklater uses those trappings to explore some weightier topics -- in this case, ruminations on the meaning of destiny, especially when it comes to romantic relationships.
What is to all intents and purposes 80 minutes worth of stolen moments, turns out to be one of the most rewarding films of the year
This lovely film does an exemplary job of conveying the manner in which the freedom and naivety of youth inevitably fall by the wayside, leaving only cherished memories.
Enthralling and moving.
The sequel no one needed is a surprise pleasure: witty, heartfelt, and true.
A vibrant emotional epic.
Elegant, engaging and much-appreciated follow-up to the original film.
Films about romantic relationships don't get any better than Richard Linklater's Before Sunset.
I found myself hoping that Linklater, Hawke and Delpy would revisit these characters in another 10 years. And perhaps again in 20 years.
Thanks to fine writing and two very good actors, filmgoers get another insightful look at the nature of love. Paris, also, has seldom looked so fresh and beautiful on screen.
The best movie of the year so far.
This 80-minute reverie unfolds like a piece of emotional origami into a seductive, playful and engaging bit of conversational foreplay.
A jaw-droppingly beautiful and moving film, as defining a moment for its generation as its predecessor.
The chemistry between Jesse and Celine --- and Hawke and Delpy and, for that matter, Linklater --- is as immediate as it is appealing.
A verbose, invigorating gem. There hasn't been a brighter, better, more spry and alive relationship picture in years.
A fluid, engaging, charming, frustrating, funny, and lively movie.
This real-time reunion is entertaining, engaging and strongly emotional.
Some laughs, some tears, a wonderful song and an absolutely perfect ending.
Allows you to watch two deeply engaged and engaging performers moving verbally through delicately negotiated layers of delight, apprehension, desire and surrender.
By the end, you are either in love again or you never were.
Says more about the mystery of love and attachment than any overblown Hollywood romance that comes to mind.
You don't need to have seen Before Sunrise to appreciate Before Sunset, but as a one-two cinematic punch on the subjects of love and aging these films have few equals.
Consists of a conversation, albeit a complex one that covers work, romantic love, sex, yearning, memory, commitment, compromise, coincidence, disappointment, passion, men, women, the passage of time and songwriting.
Hawke and Delpy are credited with writing some of the dialogue, presumably as improvisations. They manage to be both natural and intense, and their characters feel real, even if the situation does not.
A simply amazing film -- touching, sexy, smart, sad and, beyond all, passionate about the value of time and love.
Its perfection can be summed up in one line: 'I like that. It's more real.'
For all its modesty, lingers in the mind like an unresolved relationship or a life-altering, if random, moment.
How often does a visual medium make such an elegant argument about the beauty of language, even as it asserts its right to tell a story and move us with its vision?
For my money, Sunset tops the first installment because it involves characters who have more life under their belts. Nothing like a few years to clarify a personality.
A fictional romance with a factual feel, a near-documentary quality that makes it difficult to distinguish the actor from the role.
Romantic sequel hangs together for 80 minutes, and not just 3 minutes at a time
Richard Linklater's Before Sunrise gets a sweet, sad and touching sequel after almost a decade.
If you didn't like Before Sunrise, filmmaker Richard Linklater says, you'll hate Before Sunset. But if you treasured the original, you're sure to prize the 'romance for realists' sequel.
May be the best movie of the summer.
A savvy sequel that should speak to anyone who's let that one great love slip away.
A small masterpiece.
an 80-minute conversation with a freshness, a surprising urgency, and two characters full of desire, faults, and - still - hope.
Linklater has done a brilliant job at keeping it all contained.
One of the season's must-see efforts. All of the studio-produced, mass-marketed romances out there, take note: this is precisely what a love story should be.
Captures the reality of two people falling in love in a way no vacuous, titanium-clad, polished-to-within- an-inch-of-its-life Hollywood romance can.
Jesse and Celine are perfectly likable, sympathetic people, and seeing them begin to fall in love ... is a reasonably satisfying experience.
The result is a complicated and thrilling game that, unlike some diversions we have had lately, does not debase the words "romantic" and "comedy."
Having seen Before Sunset twice, and Before Sunrise again in between, I can't say which film is better. Both seem to fulfill an ambition Jean-Luc Godard expressed in the 60s -- to achieve 'the definitive by chance.'
Before Sunrise captures the exhilaration of connecting with another person; Before Sunset moves forward from there, burrowing into territory that's more complex and dangerous, but also perhaps more vital.
Being able to have such a lengthy conversation without edits or a change in camera angles makes the performance by these two actors that much more impressive.
That Before Sunset complements and in many ways surpasses its predecessor is but one of the great accomplishments of this wonderful film.
There's enough here that a thirtysomething audience, mindful of the complexity of their lives and their own missed opportunities, might respond to. But there isn't much magic.
Before Sunset has an immediacy that makes other movies feel comatose.
This is more about an exchange of information than an exchange of ideas, but the results still captivate.
Somehow, improbably, Linklater has now made two of the most romantic films of the last decade, both featuring the same characters.
You have to be a romantic to love these movies, and I fell for them hook, line and sinker.
Although a sequel may not have been entirely necessary, Before Sunset does provide some closure...
Before Sunset is that rare sequel, delicately complicating the original, while also creating its own elegant sense of anticipation.
A rare example of a sequel that is labor of love -- not one that worships at the altar of the Almighty Dollar.
The incessant jawboning of Before Sunset is all foreplay and no climax.
Before Sunset has an easy, unforced air about it, mostly because of what seems to be a real rapport between the two lead actors.
It eats at you, just like renewed love.
This sweet film is a genuine treat, even if there's little plot, no antic mayhem and its 90-minute running time is mostly consumed by nonstop, sometimes pretentious dialogue as Celine and Jesse meander together through pretty Paris neighborhoods.
As drama, it doesn't hold up, and the screenplay's so loosely structured it almost seems improvised, but the affection that Linklater has for Jesse and Celine is so palpable that the movie coasts by on charm.
It has earthy (and therefore sexy) urban locations, a splendid originality of voice, a loose and distinctive visual style, and it sends audiences out humming with the realness and beauty of it all. ... But it should have been twice as long.
Exceptionally smart and tenderly romantic.
One of the neat things about Before Sunset is that Delpy, like her character in these movies, dropped off the radar after Sunrise. Seeing her again is like seeing her through Hawke's eyes.
The film ultimately depicts thirtysomething melancholy just as effectively as its predecessor portrayed Gen-X romanticism.
It tells of a love affair so heady it generates goose bumps, yet the story unfolds with such unfailing honesty that its characters become people we know, their actions and words a reflection of our own experiences.
The naturalistic dialogue is a masterful bit of writing.
Hawke and Delpy are splendid. They love these characters, and why not? They wrote them.
It quickly becomes a bore, full of feel-good nonsense and half-baked philosophies from Delpy and Hawke's self-important syllogisms.
[Linklater's] best, most mature work to date and perhaps the most daringly subtle film of the year.
Before Sunset is better, perhaps because the characters are older and wiser, perhaps because they have more to lose (or win), and perhaps because Hawke and Delpy wrote the dialogue themselves.
It's a movie to cheer lovers and movie lovers alike -- an enchanting midsummer cocktail for two, served at dusk on the banks of the Seine.
Frankly, I wanted to stand up, shout "Get a room" at the two characters, and do something more interesting... like watching paint peel.
[P]erfectly perfect... so charmingly simple a film, so absorbing and ambitious in its simplicity. I love, love, love this movie.
For a film that's all talk and no action, it's a pretty romantic love story.
There's not much on the surface, for sure, but its undertow is seductive and ferocious.
Before Sunset is all talk, and audiences will be listening intently to every word of this smart romance
Before Sunset is a quiet, introspective little film that reverberates with more emotion and more human realness than any CGI enhanced cinematic event could ever hope to.
Romantic, real and as generous as it is vulnerable, the art of conversation has rarely been so acute, honest and revealing.
Deft at exposing the cracks in the psychological foundations we build for ourselves as we approach middle age.
The bad news is that Before Sunset is not as delirious an experience as its predecessor. The good news is that it's wonderful anyway, and in ways that tell us something about our romance with Before Sunrise.
A film that in its joy, optimism and aesthetic achievement keeps faith with American cinema at its finest.
The one thing I hope for after seeing "Before Sunset" is that Linklater and his stars will visit us again in eight or 10 years time
One of the most amazing aspects of "Before Sunset" is how conversation alone is made so suspenseful. If this movie were a book it would be described as a page-turner.
Though it is sometimes maddening, the movie's prodigious verbiage is also enthralling, precisely because of its casual disregard for the usual imperatives of screenwriting.
All told, [Linklater is] one of today's most versatile American filmmakers, and Before Sunset finds his light shining as brightly as ever.
The experiences they talk about are like so many sound-bites; they haven't internalized the wisdom that the words suggest.
Proves itself well worth the nine-year wait, and for a sequel so squarely rooted in the first film, it stands lightly on its own two feet.
Jesse and Celine come to life again in ways that are sad and beautiful, funny and profound.
Hawke's ruefulness seems more than earned here (and, thus, genuine); Delpy's callow winsomeness has ripened to a ruddy sheen.
We get completely self-absorbed discussions from a couple of frickin' actors.
In its own small way, 'Before Sunset' is a perfect film...there is not a single scene in this film that I would want to change or alter in any way.
Before Sunset is one of the best romantic dramas of the year with a very intelligent and seductive performance by Julie Delpy.
A modest masterpiece of modern romantic temperament and trepidation.
The apparent slightness of the picture is deceptive...it has surprising depth, and it's definitely worth a trip to the theatre to get reacquainted with Jesse and Celine.
Emotionally, it's a high-wire act as dazzling as any of the CGI effects that pack all those big budget blockbusters.
A film of luminous delights.
What ultimately makes Before Sunset so special (and maybe the most resonant, least self-conscious 'great movie romance' of its era) is its deep-rooted honesty -- the way it takes the bitter with the sweet and somehow leaves us feeling elated.
There is no way for Jesse and Celine to ever recreate their Vienna fling. The real question is whether they should bother trying.
I seriously doubt that anything left on 2004's roster can compete with this remarkable new masterpiece from Richard Linklater. It's easily the film of the year.
Forget Spider-Man's tussle with Doc Ock. Forget Shrek's trek to Far Far Away. And forget Harry Potter's latest attempt to endure the snipes of Snape. For me, the sequel to see during the summer of 2004 is Richard Linklater's Before Sunset.
A deeper, darker, altogether more memorable experience. It doesn't extend the characters so much as fulfill them.
An unabashedly romantic film with an ending so perfect it took my breath away.
All one could wish for in a sequel -- it enriches, glosses, and completes the original.
This movie is basically a yakfest, but an incredibly fluid and involving one . . .
Hawke is irritating, but the picture does exude romance.
[R]eally top notch work here.
Thanks to the actors' chemistry and Paris, Before Sunset has an irresistible pull.
A love story for the adult who dares to dream.
There is something uniquely unforgettable in the way Linklater, Hawke and Delpy (equal collaborators on the script) find nuance, art and eroticism in words, spoken and unspoken.
The beauty and grace of Before Sunset is its unparalleled ability to capture the idiosyncratic rhythm and cadence of everyday dialogue.
Features beguiling performances and a heart that most anyone can relate to.
Linklater does an admirable job of keeping things flowing by having his protagonists walk through picture-postcard streets and hop on a boat taxi for some lovely moving travelogue shots to hold interest.
It may be a non-stop talkathon but, at least this time around, he's not so obsessed about making his plane.
The splendid sequel to an overlooked gem.
A hugely successful experiment to see if a movie can captivate an audience with a conversation between two people in real time.





@highlight

Filled with engaging dialogue, Before Sunset is a witty, poignant romance, with natural chemistry between Hawke and Delpy.