Although the lack of originality of the concept really brings down its appeal, audiences will enjoy watching this recycled story unfold with the two newest performances.
If you still enjoy the sort of bathroom humor that had you in hysterics back in grade school, this movie delivers those juvenile gags (in every sense of the word) in droves.
R-rated comedies these days, like 'The Hangover' and 'Bad Santa,' employ a relentless bombardment of cheap, gross toilet humor and nonstop cursing -- because it usually works.
A disappointing body-switch comedy...
Cynical, tone-deaf junk that has nothing to contribute to the world but smirks and a general dismissive attitude toward human connection and interaction.
The Change-Up is a comedy that can't find it's proper place in the demographic of anyone by freakishly pushing the boundaries of taste.
Overlong and overly obvious
It's easy to recommend The Change-Up for its over-the-top laughs and a pair of solid leads that succeed in offering a raunchy twist on a familiar formula.
A foul misfire that favors sex and gross-out gags over its somewhat affecting plot about married life and single life, and the sacrifices we all make for one or the other.
The finale is shockingly flat, everything petering out in such a forgettable and joyless manner the effect is frustrating.
The key to the film is the chemistry between Reynolds and Bateman, who work off each other but can also be very funny in their own scenes.
Luckily (Bateman and Reynolds') comic timing is convincing, otherwise this would be a total waste of time.
The posters promise a film from the director of Wedding Crashers (David Dobkin) and the writers of The Hangover (Jon Lucas/Scott Moore). Pure rubbish ( ... ) would have been more accurate.
Rude, coarse and morally repugnant.
What is different from previous examples of the body-swap genre, such as Big and Freaky Friday, is the full-on gross-out humour the film supplies instead of wit and charm.
Like the copious pooh that his baby son squirts into Bateman's mouth during a nappy change, it leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
The poop jokes are the only memorable ones.
Might have been a decent piece of entertainment.
Universal Pictures brings you more vile rubbish from the writers of Four Christmases and The Ghosts Of Girlfriends Past, and the director of Fred Claus.
[A] largely uninspired identity-switch comedy.
The writers keep the swift chatter coming, and the stars have a good time assuming each other's personas.
Flee, flee from all of it.
The body-swap comedy gets a mighty shake-up here, with Ryan Reynolds and Jason Bateman cheerfully breaking all the boundaries of taste.
Even the most ardent 'adult' comedy fans will emerge feeling slightly dirty and more than just vaguely disappointed.
The main draw here is the raucous fun to be had watching each character inhabit the other's underpants.
You'd have to call the whole undertaking workmanlike rather than inspired.
It's not nice...but it's not bad.
Something of a disaster, thanks to some atrocious special effects work, painful performances and an appalling, frequently offensive and badly structured script.
The gags spell déjà vu and lack any unique imagination, and the ending is the same old, same old happy one - the question is, what's on the guys' journey to reaching it?
Despite the promise of the title, this a fairly stale offering, plodding through the beats of a well-worn subgenre but failing to add much more than a foul mouth.
Almost all the potential for genuine comedy is missed in this crass affair.
The Change-Up mines a tired formula for new laughs, making it the perfect movie for a night out with the guys.
More dumb and crass than clever and filthy.
We may have seen this stuff before but it could have been so much worse.
Rehashing old jokes and plotlines, this doesn't bring anything new to the table, but the cast are in top form and there's a surprising earnestness to the story.
I'm not particularly proud of laughing at this vulgar cliché of a movie, but dammit, laugh I did.
Jason Bateman accidentally swallows a mouthful of projectile baby poop... To quote Watchmen, 'If you begin to feel an intense and crushing feeling of terror at the concept, don't be alarmed. That indicates only that you are still sane.'
A variety of awkward situations, lowbrow jokes and vulgarities until it seems the screen has indeed pooed on us the audience
It's a well tried formula, but The Change Up feels as fresh as a new pair of diapers
The director of Wedding Crashers and writers of The Hangover get together for a body-swap comedy that's as vulgar as you'd expect. But it also dips oddly into moralising slush, which kind of undermines any expected laugh fest.
This may seem like a strange thing to say about a movie in which two guys switch bodies by peeing into a magic fountain, but "The Change-Up" doesn't seem very realistic.
In the movie's first scene Jason Bateman gets hit in the face with projectile baby diarrhea, followed by him getting a mouthful of it. You know -- intellectual humor.
There's almost a funny bromance comedy lurking somewhere in "The Change-Up" but it never emerges.
Jason Bateman's famously quirky comic energy cuts loose in an unusually and hilariously fresh way.
It manages to be funny, filthy and incredibly lame. At times it feels like Adam Sandler and Kevin James should be our leads.
"The Change-Up" is a raunchy adult film with its seldom comical moments.
The film's relentless juvenilia grows wearisome after a while, especially when it becomes apparent that the filmmakers don't have any other comic tricks up their sleeves.
Gross-out comedy The Change-Up is among the worst of Hollywood's body-switching movies.
Put in the hands of less competent actors, this movie would have been completely skippable. However, since they both hold their own and the jokes are surprisingly biting, it ends up being tolerable.
Crass, crude and vulgar - it's a raunchy repeat of what's been done - far better - before.
The thing you need to know about The Change-Up is that it is epically raunchy. I expected very little and had a lot of laughs in this movie.
Pee-pee humor abounds in The Change-Up. There's also a lot of poo-poo humor. And ta-ta humor.
There's just not a lot [here] to get excited about. At best you'll be slightly amused and at worst you'll wish you could swap bodies with someone watching another movie.
Seems to believe that bodily fluids and bare breasts are just inherently hilarious, and surrounding them with jokes isn't necessary.
If you are going to be this gross and crude you had better be awfully funny and this movie isn't.
The perverse humor and outrageous scenarios made me laugh often enough to recommend the movie, but I'm disappointed that it didn't explore the potential in an R-rated body-swap comedy more carefully.
A film that fails to counter its smutty better half with anything other than schmaltzy, sentimental hogwash.
This comedy doesn't work very well.
The manic humor minus the multiple grossout bodily excretion detours, would have sufficed quite well on its own. Which eventually feels more derivative than not, with origins in the perversely revisited realm of possibly Twain's 'Prince And The Pooper.'
The Change-Up seems to find itself enchantingly mischievous, but brazen desperation chokes the life out of every screen element. It's a lousy, vacant, hostile creation.
It's occasionally funny and a lot painful...
The Change-Up goes downhill faster than a snowboarder strapped to a jetpack.
This movie is the equivalent of being on an emotional roller coaster. One minute you like being onboard and the next you desperately want to get off. If you are in the mood for the outrageous, preposterous and ridiculous, this comedy provides a...
Has its moments, although you might want to just wait until the DVD to see them.
The Change-Up has lots of guy stuff. Porn, nudity, language, booze, busty babes, drugs and urinating in a fountain. What's not to like? The plot maybe?
This film had good potential, but it's ruined by all the sophomoric toilet and groin gags that aren't funny, just disgusting.
The usual mix of anus-and-penis-fixated gags, ritual female humiliation (Leslie Mann, as always, deserves far better), and insincere, late-inning attempts to show us that all of these wacky shenanigans have turned Dave and Mitch into better people.
The Change-Up thinks any ol' R-rated gag will make us howl.
Bateman, as always, is surpassingly good, even when the material isn't.
Body-changing comedies like Freaky Friday are usually family friendly. The mildly enjoyable The Change-Up is quite a switch.
This is really a silly script, and only the camaraderie of Reynolds and Bateman, plus the alluring Olivia Wilde as Dave's co-worker, Sabrina, make it barely tolerable.
When will comedy writers (and I use that term loosely here) learn that we don't need babies' projectile ca-ca in the face and mouth of daddy to make us laugh?
Embraces its R rating with all the self-restraint and self-respect of a teenage boy discovering a Hustler magazine in a neigborhood recycling bin.
Funny performances and one-liners freshen the hackneyed premise somewhat, but Change-Up gets effed-up by sloppy storytelling and gratuitously vulgar gags.
With slight variants, this is another chapter in the epic saga of body shame, gender panic, and free-floating contempt for the human race that Hollywood comedies seem to be issuing piece by piece in serial format.
A thoroughly silly, intermittently hilarious reworking of the Freaky Friday body-switch concept.
'The Change-Up' begins with a scene in which a baby projectile-poops into the eyes and mouth of its father. All I have to say is: Genius, and this is just the beginning.
A grossly unfunny, asinine example of the tragic decline of American comedy. It will compel you to ask: "Should I vomit inside the theater, outside, or both?"
What saves it from completely going down the drain is the likability of its stars: Ryan Reynolds, who plays a pot-smoking, potty-mouthed screw-up, and Jason Bateman, his lifelong best friend who's a workaholic lawyer and dedicated father...
Overly crude body-swapping comedy isn't for kids.
Just one of those nights at the theatre where you wish you could switch bodies with someone who didn't have to be there.
The script values shock over wit so completely that every scene feels too eager for laughs, even with comic actors as likable as Bateman and Reynolds doing the shocking.
Freaky, yes, but definitely not Freaky Friday.
Jason Bateman and Ryan Reynolds have the charm to make us want to play along, even if it's the tired body-switching plot.
Just about everything in this instantly forgettable but intermittently funny movie could be summed up as "no better and no worse."
...wants to have its crudeness cake and force you to eat it as well.
Universal Pictures has filed for creative bankruptcy.
Think Freak Friday with F-bombs.
A sort of raunchy It's a Wonderful Life, though the plentiful nudity and babbling brooks of profanity tip the scale from sensitivity to outrageousness.
Has it's moments thanks to winningly raunchy performances by Reynolds and Bateman, but overall not as funny as it should have been. The premise is also rather tired.
...resorts to bathroom humor by literally putting characters on the toilet in a weak attempt to outdo the recent trend in R-rated comedy. And the result is pretty stinky.
There are moments in The Change-Up that honestly made me feel like a twelve-year-old boy took over his dad's screenwriting project.
Bateman and Reynolds never get into the hall-of-mirrors mimicry that Nicolas Cage and John Travolta so enjoyed in "Face/Off."
Another body-switching comedy? Seriously?
It flirts with raunchy behavior and bold, wrongheaded R-rated comedy but never commits.
It's rote plot and predictability isn't completely overcome by Reynolds and Bateman, but the two make a tired film into an enjoyable one.
A screenplay that should equally insult every single AND married man who witnesses this catastrophe. They say you have to hit rock bottom before you can find clarity. Well, after their Hangover, Lucas & Moore certainly did it with The Change-Up.
The thing is, this could have been funny.
As in Judd Apatow's phallocentric comic fantasies, the considerable raunch and implicit sexism of "The Change-Up" barely mask a worldview that's far from transgressive.
Jason Bateman and Ryan Reynolds struggle valiantly to transcend the movie they're in.
On almost every level, "The Change-Up" is sloppy.
It's Freaky Friday with dudes. That does not make it better.
A lazily vulgar comedy of errors with the underpinnings of sappy sentimentality.
The gross-out gags, potty humor, and raunchy dialogue piled up almost as if all who had a hand in making the movie had no faith in the characters or the actors playing them (Full Content Parental Review also available)
There is so much excretory material in this film that doctors specializing in intestinal issues could probably get some continuing education credits for watching it.
God help us, we're all the way down to the 'switched bodies' plot getting a raunchy makeover, as if anyone asked for that.
Blue and bawdy as all get-out, but it turns out this is just a ruse for the heart hiding underneath.
I want to hate The Change-Up for its relentless scatology, its imaginative bankruptcy, its juvenile need to push every superficial content restriction to the outer limits.
While this raunchy Freaky Friday meets Trading Places has some laughs, it's more often frat-boy crass, frantic and formulaic.
Talented people all, and either prisoners of the studio system, which will do anything it takes to reach an audience, or willing players in a soiled playpen.
Delivers consistent laughs, some sincerely touching moments.
...the film strains for its R-rated comedy like a constipated fat man...
A particularly gruesome example of the sort of raunchy R-rated comedy that's proliferated in Hollywood...it's as though [the] scripters were determined to amp up the coarseness and vulgarity with each change of scene.
A lot of it, in fact, is hacky and repellent.
Raucous and entertaining but unexciting.
The body-swapping premise, which is stale to begin with, isn't explored with any depth, unless you find meaningful Freudian subtext in the movie's relentless anal fixation.
As outrageous as the proceedings get, "The Change-Up" is just too predictable. Even if you aren't old enough to remember those old body-swapping movies, you'll feel like you've seen this before.
The filmmakers are under the mistaken impression that in order for a gag to work, the audience should gag from the gross-out situation.
Reynolds speaks in obscenities the way bad bakeries use cupcake icing, and Bateman is almost bitterly uptight. But the movie largely fulfills the promise of the swap.
A pale imitation of body-switching comedies like Big, All of Me, Freaky Friday, Dobkin's feature is gimmicky, shallow, and witless
amiable banality
The Change-Up is the Human Centipede of gag-me comedies, in which a doting father gets a Hershey squirt in his mouth from an infant in the first scene... It's a carpet bombing of bad taste, getting less funny with each passing moment, or gas.
A flurry of low-grade humor where the men rarely feel at risk and the women, revealed as the gory other lurking underneath all that verdant green grass, are ritually humiliated.
The Change-Up, like so many American movies, feels like the product of sex-phobic 12-year-old boys whose response to the big, bad world is to run back to mommy's leg.
They're good at their specialties -- Reynolds's casual jock studliness and Bateman's nervous white-collar introversion -- and they're even better at switching into the other guy's shtick and mannerisms.
I still think it's a funny movie, but given its genes, it's a bit of a slacker.
Don't start a movie with a baby projectile pooping in his dad's mouth. Please. Just don't.
Has the faults of raucous recent scatological comedies like Bad Teacher, Horrible Bosses, and The Hangover Part II with none of their redeeming facets.
Ultimately, "The Change-Up" offers a few laughs, and fewer surprises.
It has a low opinion of men, a lower opinion of women, and the lowest opinion of the intelligence of its audience.
The filmmakers dial the crude humor way up, but it doesn't make up for the contrived plotting or the moronic characters, and it isn't particularly funny, either.
It's possible this sub-"Three's Company" level farce will hit you harder in the funny bone than it did me, but I think as a film, it's just sort of a grand mess, regardless of if it's funny or not.
"A watchable generic comedy. It's okay for a night out or a DVD, but it's hard to call it good."
Front-loaded with "S"-themed shenanigans -- sexual gags, scatological humor and social embarrassment -- before giving way to second-half schmaltz.
There's one consolation, and that's in watching the stars play opposite what is   often their type of guy.
...stifle your inner censor and give this half-smart, deliciously transgressive mess of a movie a chance.
It's hard not to be disappointed with "The Change-Up," which in the end follows the basic conventions of the switched-identity genre, if more profanely, changing up not much at all.
This middling R-rated effort doesn't transcend its groan-worthy Freaky Friday setup.
It all seems a little tired and, more importantly, not as funny as it should be.
The Change-Up drags on endlessly, held together with scatology, flatulence and masturbation.
You know the summer movies are bottoming out when they resort to the old body-switch premise.
Has the moment finally arrived when we look back upon Freaky Friday as a model of comedic sophistication?
[It's] all over the place in tone, veering awkwardly from some daring comic moments to feel-good sappiness and back again in hopes of redeeming some semblance of edginess.
It proves Jason Bateman does not employ a blind monkey dart thrower who chooses romantic comedy scripts.
A talented cast and a strong last act is ultimately what saves The Change-Up from being a dud, though you'll have to endure a lot of lazy gross-out humor before you get to that point.
One of the funniest movies of the summer.
While the reliable Ryan Reynolds and Jason Bateman wring some laughs from a creaky but durable setup... the script takes R-rated gross-out humor to such forced extremes that its later bid for sentimental sweetness feels disingenuous and unearned.
The Change-Up bravely attempts to revive the dormant subgenre but it's a lame effort that grows increasingly frantic and foul-mouthed as the realization sets in that the gimmick isn't working.
Despite its title, The Change-Up does precious little to switch up the formula for the R-rated studio comedy.
If the trailer for The Change-Up looks bad -- and it does -- it's because Universal saved all the jokes for the actual movie.
Pivots on the discrepancy in life experience and hipness between an adult and an adolescent, and, uh, distinguishes itself by maintaining an extreme, puerile worldview while finding a way to wedge "adult language" into virtually every sentence
Some good one-line zingers but relies too heavily on visual and vocal vulgarity.

@highlight

There's a certain amount of fun to be had from watching Bateman and Reynolds play against type, but it isn't enough to carry The Change-Up through its crude humor and formulaic plot.