Here's a true story, honestly told, that will see audiences genuinely moved.
Though it never shakes off its stage-play origins, it's a touching piece, clear-eyed about the temptations, disapproval and tragedy the couple endured.
There will not be a dry eye in the cinema.
Told with a lovely romantic sweep and full of raw, honest emotion, this is a gay love story that's also just a great love story, full stop. Yay.
Sometimes more Wikipedia bio than memoir.
The tale of a 70s schoolboy romance that blossoms into a relationship and is torn apart by the advent of HIV in the 80s.
Sluggishly formulaic, this is a disappointingly superficial interpretation of an important book.
What should be a heart-wrenching viewing experience remains disappointingly flat despite two dedicated performances.
This very sad film hits home with the force of a rebuke.
Meant as a passionate chronicle of a great love, and a sobering reminder of the stigma of AIDS, the pic blandly conjures these sentiments and stands as one of the more wrong-footed evocations of coming out in the 1970s and '80s.
Holding The Man is a moving drama that beautifully balances its broad timeframe.
Director Neil Armfield sidesteps melodrama to deliver a heart-breaking, sensitive, poignant portrait of love and loss. Anthony LaPaglia and Guy Pearce provide sturdy support as the fathers...2015 is turning into a stellar year for Australian film
It is beautiful. It is tragic. And it is an absolute must-see.
This compelling true story of two Melbourne schoolboys who fall in love despite their Catholic upbringing and the intense misgivings of their parents powerfully connects with the collective heart of an audience.
The revelation is LaPaglia, a presence so powerful he almost throws the film off-balance, making it into an emotional triangle rather than the story of a couple.
This is the very best Australian movie in longer than anyone would dare admit.
Go and see this moving and humane film.
The first great Australian movie about the AIDS crisis, filtered through ... a great romance. Wonderfully directed, and perfectly acted. Corr is amazing as Tim Conigrave ... emotionally present but also appropriately distant as Conigrave must have been.
An affecting and unexpectedly funny tale of two lovers who had the misfortune to come of age during the burgeoning HIV/AIDS crisis of the 1980's.
The story of a great love spanning 15 years, Holding the Man is a portrait of a turbulent time for gay Australia.
This film is a masterpiece of performance, writing and direction, and I haven't been able to shake it for a week.
Neil Armfield shows delicacy and depth in adapting Timothy Conigrave's best-selling, award-winning memoir for the screen.
Exquisitely told, director Neil Armfield has captured the beauty of this 15 year-old love story whose emotional trajectory we share: joy, laughter, prejudice, outrage, pain and devastation
The film's commanding achievement is probably tonal: there is a warm, sensual flow to it, with production values that feel amorous and tactile.

@highlight

Heart-wrenching performances center Holding the Man , an achingly beautiful portrayal of love and death that may be too real for some.