Infused with magnetic, dynamic performances from the leading ladies, this is breathtaking filmmaking.
It is clear that the idea is to cause discomfort, and of course it generates it... But the approach advances more as the exhibition and demonstration of a case, of a pathology, than as a drama... [Full review in Spanish]
There's a fine line between close friendships and toxic ones, and for teenage girls, there's perhaps an even finer one between sapphic love and best friends.
Laurent has done her subjects great justice by capturing them at their most unadulterated.
Subtitled teen drama with bullying, alcohol, and sex.
The examination of the unknowable and undeniable power and pain of a broken friendship on display in Breathe is truly something to behold.
A modest but keenly observed coming-of-age drama about an average suburban teenager.
Breathe is a deftly observed look at teen power games and how closeness can turn to animosity in one miserable night out.
With boys -- and men -- on the side, the females of the film anchor it with ease, once again proving that a good drama is dependent on everything except the actors' genders.
Breathe offers ample evidence of the growing confidence and skill of Melanie Laurent as a director.
Laurent has an excellent eye for shot composition, and cinematographer Arnaud Potier's crisp photography aids the director in creating an enviable set of gorgeous and memorable shots, and the film is consistently visually compelling.
In some ways it plays like a horror movie, in other ways it's almost a documentary.
If you think the emotional volatility of adolescent female friendships is a uniquely American phenomenon, Mélanie Laurent's potent psychological drama is evidence to the contrary.
A harrowing examination of teen angst, as one girl navigates the highs and lows of an unstable friendship.
The subject is the kind of intense "frenemy" relationship only possible between teen girls, and Laurent guides her young stars to naturalistic performances that convey the joys and miseries of adolescence.
Nuanced, sensitive, and unflinching ...
These are extraordinary performances, and considering France's way of nurturing female talent, Japy and de Laage could be at the dawn of 40-year careers. They're that good.
The entire piece is precisely woven together, from script to performance to execution, and the result is a chilling study of emotional annihilation and its aftermath.
Joséphine Japy and Lou de Laâge are painfully genuine as two very different but equally lost young women.
I can tell you that Ms. Laurent's direction is astute and economical, that both of the film's young stars give fine performances, and that "Breathe" is a very good title for a film that ever so gradually takes your breath away.
Breathe is also about the great intimacy between girls that is an exclusively female domain (the closest boys can achieve is a bromance, but don't even think about cuddling and stuff, bro).
It's only the second feature for actress-turned-filmmaker Laurent, who's probably still best known in the US for her avenging cinephile in Inglourious Basterds, yet Breathe crackles with the intuitive control of a seasoned auteur.
Director Mélanie Laurent conducts this 91-minute drama at a leisurely pace, getting terrific performances from the two leads.
There's no doubting Laurent's skills as an actor's director.
An obsessive friendship between two teenage girls unfolds with equal amounts of tenderness and terror in Breathe, a modest but acutely observed and affecting adolescent portrait.
Though the story has undergone quite a few changes, what's intact is the novel's grittiness and emotional honesty, which more than compensates for the occasional coming-of-age cliche.
[A]s the two friends' relationship begins to deteriorate, Laurent's carefully weighed naturalism awkwardly takes on the trappings of a horror film.
Laurent manages to so intricately capture what makes friendship between two girls in their teenage years so enthralling... Breathe is one of the best films of the year
With her co-screenwriter, Julien Lambroschini, Laurent doesn't make the mistake of overhyping the mounting dread. The intensity is best served by their methodical, low-key approach.
This is well-observed stuff, the hysteria of a new friendship, and the moments when the abyss opens up, yawning underneath what once seemed perfect.
"Breathe" conveys an uncanny insight into the psychology of late adolescence, when lingering childhood fantasies can combust with burgeoning adult sexuality in a swirl of uncontrollable feelings.
All about the tangle of messy, hard-to-classify emotions that crop up in any unhealthy relationship - ones that Laurent nails with agile and devastating precision.
Sarah's story doesn't track with reality, which is easy enough to predict. But what's overwhelming is how Laurent's film seems to understand the ache of tentative teenage friendship.
One of the best films of the year. ... Anchored by exceptional performances by the main actresses, "Breathe" is a confrontation with the terrifying volatility of adolescence.
It's perhaps no surprise that Laurent, who could probably have played Sarah herself a decade ago, gets superb performances from her two young leads.
It's a chilly, elegantly assured little picture, a horror story with its roots not in fantasy but in the reality of hurt feelings.
Aside from the innate understanding of female friendship dynamics, it's hard to see exactly what else Mélanie Laurent brings to this overly familiar story.
The elegant, subtle and very feminine speech is Respire's greatest asset. [full review in Spanish]
Laurent really knows how direct the cast. [full review in Spanish]
Mélanie Laurent has a bright future behind the cameras. [full review in Spanish]
"Respire" calmly discusses the harmful aspects of self-destruction and the fascination of being trampled. [full review in Spanish]
I did not see the climactic ending coming but let us leave it to the viewer to enjoy.
...while early goings are heavy handed, Laurent has a trick or two up her sleeve, her movie gaining power as it plays out.
Respire explores the tumultuous intimacy of teenage passion. Sumptuously shot, the film saturates the senses, evoking a world beyond words where emotions rule and cannot always be explained
An exploration of the astonishing emotional dynamite of adolescent friendship
The director smashes viewers' expectation that this will be yet another sensitive young adult drama.
...Breathe picks up with a vengeance as it enters its engrossing third act...
While Respire is initially an excellent portrait of a friendship taken to extremes, it fumbles when it becomes a full-on melodrama.
[Laurent's]beautifully shot, radiantly acted and artistically made film...is in all other respects a burnished gem...

@highlight

Breathe finds writer-director Mélanie Laurent opening a sensitive, well-acted window into the bittersweet upheaval of adolescence.