Takes an age-old proverb—"Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it"—and puts its own diabolical spin on it.
...a decent (yet flawed) genre exercise.
MacDonald clearly wanted this to be a simple, heartfelt tale focusing on the disintegration of a mother/daughter bond, without too much background noise as a distraction. And he mostly succeeds in delivering just that.
The director is out for blood, and while this is a slow-burn affair that craftily bides its time until just the proper moment to unleash a flurry of dexterously ominous thrills, the craven wickedness of it all is portentously intoxicating.
It is a set-up as old as time, but this chilling, frequently terrifying work of horror manages to find fresh nightmare fuel in dark woods and incantations muttered in the moonlight.
A slow-burn chiller with an excellent sense of creepiness, "Pyewacket" handles evil and angst with tremendous skill.
While Pyewacket may not be perfect, it's still a promising little feature, proving its writer/director definitely has a distinct genre voice, as long as he learns to polish the more recognizable elements into something unique.
It's the rare horror film that's actually more effective in psychological terms than in suspense ones.
As a psychodrama about a troubled mother and daughter, this movie is gripping from start to finish.
When it comes to horror movies that leave the biggest impression on me as a viewer, it's usually the films that tap into my emotional core that hit me the hardest, which is why Pyewacket hit me with such a ferocious gut punch.
Pyewacket is a slow burn chiller that is all the more impressive for its subtlety.
Simultaneously scares the hell out of you and puts you through the emotional wringer.
an insidious slow burn that from the start deploys sinuous tracking shots to evoke either dreamy dissociation or a disembodied, predatory presence, & carefully builds to a climax as harrowingly tragic & emotionally honest as it is frightening.
There's nothing especially unusual here, but Pyewacket delivers on its premise and acts as a reminder that a thorough approach to the craft of storytelling will always give a film that bit more bite.
When it comes to staking out a place for himself in that spectrum, MacDonald occupies a bland centre - stuck in the middle with ewww.
But one of Pyewacket's triumphs is the way it keeps its horrors grounded in reality, and its character in the forefront, proving you can be both smart and pretty scary; a good lesson for the genre.
A horror-lite film that barely increases the heart rate.
MacDonald is trying to be a filmmaker of ideas here, but the metaphor doesn't develop or deepen as the film goes on.
Slow Burn 'Pyewacket' Delivers Brooding Heavy Metal Horror.
The heavy-handed score, narrow performances and weak dialogue all fail to justify a provocative ending that overturns the exorcising conventions of the genre.
A simple premise, a steady build-up, and a fantastically creepy third act that lands with a punch to the gut.
The more I've thought about the film since seeing it, the more I've come to appreciate the restraint, which is a rare quality in horror films.
Pyewacket maintains an uneasy tension rooted in believable human frailty.

@highlight

Pyewacket builds its atmospheric, patiently encroaching chills on a well-told story concerned more with emotional trauma than supernatural threats.