But for all its Sturm und Drang, the film has some of the same problems it criticizes; its villains are estranged from the natural world, and the film estranges us as well.
Too much drama, not enough documentary.
The Cove does what every great documentary with a cause should: It educates, entertains, and inspires audiences to take action.
One of the most suspenseful documentaries ever made, "The Cove" marries ecological espionage to a frightening domino effect of imperialism, political corruption and a socio-environmental disregard.
A-team adventure needs a fifth column
Then there's the redemptive human drama. O'Barry, acting like a modern-day Ahab after a spiritual awakening, the self-realized incriminations etched into his face, is the driving force of this film.
I don't think I can go to marine parks anymore.
No Hollywood film, fiction or non-, can ever prepare you for the reality of what goes on in that cove. Please don't show this film to young children. Devastating and excellent.
Adding to the film's strength is its central figure, who is akin to a modern-day vigilante superhero... All O'Barry is missing is a mask and costume.
One of the year's best documentary films, a stirring call to action against the slaughter of dolphins in Japan.
Sounded like something I didn't want to see: a preachy nature documentary. But the actual film is much more daring and memorable.
A confirmation of human dignity in the face of the unspeakable. Text "dolphin" to 44144. Now.
Restrained and harrowing.
This outstanding documentary is as exciting as a thriller.
This documentary is also as well made as anything released all year, blending hard facts, cold scientific reason plus the thrills of a Hollywood spy movie to terrific effect.
This film virtually creates a new genre: the horror doc. It's a gripping and compelling film about something utterly unthinkable.
A taut, thrilling documentary that plays out like a heist movie while never overshadowing its message or activist credentials.
There's an effective thriller element to this vividly assembled doc.
The Cove stands out from the crowd due to the readily apparent awfulness of the event it depicts.
The great strength of this documentary about the covert killing of wild dolphins in Japan is its aesthetic: artful edits, zippy music, even a few jokes. Radical stuff for an eco-documentary.
A gripping, powerful and heart-wrenching expose ... activist filmmaking at its best.
One would imagine, and hope, that an Oscar nomination beckons.
Facts, stats and grim archive footage help build up a convincing if one-sided case, but it is the film's revelatory covert recording that encapsulates the true power of documentary cinema.
If The Cove isn't in the running for next year's Best Doc Oscar, there's something terribly wrong with this world. Gripping exposé, harrowing horror-thriller and devastating agitprop, it takes us to "a little town with a big secret".
In this new, post-Michael Moore age of documentary filmmaking as lucrative big-screen fare, a documentary that educates without condescension, informs without bias and entertains without losing its focus is a valuable commodity.
Part-espionage thriller, part-documentary.
An involving and persuasive film that remains frustratingly one-sided as it bandies about unsubstantiated accusations, fails to follow up on key issues and leaves you wanting to know much more.
You'll be weeping, too - mainly hot tears of injustice, throughout this 'save the dolphin' doc.
A powerful, important and extremely well made documentary that demands to be seen.
[An] impassioned piece of agit-prop, which goes to great lengths to penetrate Taiji's tight security to expose this problem in gruesome detail.
It turns out that wasn't a smile on Flipper's face.
Tells you with its heart all you want to know about why it's necessary to free the dolphins from captivity and slaughter.
Part thriller, part natural history lesson.
This is the definite frontrunner to win the Oscar for best documentary. The movie makes a persuasive argument that dolphins are intelligent beings that do not belong in captivity.
Brilliant, compassionate and dramatically involving, this is documentary at its best.
Unapologetically subjective, and a piece of social activist cinema all the way, but also thrilling and truly heartbreaking, The Cove is pieced together like a Steven Soderbergh heist flick, not some staid non-fiction film.
There are certain films that you'll never be able to erase from your memory, and without a shadow of a doubt The Cove is definitely one of them.
Despite [The Cove's] special pleading, it's unclear why these (admittedly beautiful and interesting) creatures should be treated any differently from cows.
By any measure, this is a horror film: graphic, shocking, uncompromising. The horrors, moreover, are real: the annual slaughter of thousands of dolphins in a secluded cove in Japan, where they are trapped in nets and hacked and speared to death.
The Cove is guerrilla journalism at its best. Structured and paced by director Louie Psihoyos as a thriller/caper movie, it brings audience-grabbing cinematic conventions to work in telling its story of dolphin genocide
The scenes centering on the slaughter and the aftermath are horrifying; Michael Vick would doubtless get [excited] watching them, but most normal people will be properly repulsed.
Visceral enough to inspire action, no matter your politics.
In effect, by looking at nature The Cove shows us what it means to be human.
Part thriller, part undercover spy story and all activism, this is a brilliantly put together documentary aimed quite consciously at winning the hearts and minds of the world by exposing the dreadful slaughter of dolphins in a quite cove in South-eastern
It is put together so smartly you can almost feel the urgency - from the patient set-up, which lays on the information and statistics without getting boring or too preachy, to the horrific finale.
The result is quite horrific. No-one could be unmoved. But at the same time I did back away from the campaigning elements of the film.
This tense doco covers many disturbing issues at the same time capturing incredible images at great personal risk.
It is overwhelming, compelling and very depressing. In short, The Cove does its job very, very well.
As the subject of a documentary, this grim enterprise distinctly lacks the warm and fuzzy appeal of The March of the Penguins. So director Louie Psihoyos ingeniously reinvents his film as a spy caper.
Film as a tool for social awareness and change is perfectly valid. The problem is we know the film's agenda going in.
It's extremely disturbing and will upset many viewers, but it gets the message across. This could have been the year's best Documentary if it wasn't for the meandering middle section.
It's thrilling, chilling, amusing and moving, and if I could think of any other sensations that rhymed, The Cove would surely be those as well.
An activist thriller -- part caper flick, part environmental cry to the world -- that will set your heart racing, while breaking your heart at the same time.
...an absolutely essential piece of work that deserves to be seen by as wide an audience as possible.
Horror film, spy thriller, disaster movie, corruption expose and more, The Cove is a gripping and devastating indictment of Japan's barbaric and secretive dolphin harvesting program
There is nothing simplistic about this story, nor the range of emotions we experience as our journey skids from fascination to devastation.
There are five minutes in this documentary that ought to be mandatory viewing. The entire 90 minutes is utterly compelling, but the five alone are worth the price of admission.
The Cove is advocacy filmmaking at its best, a project whose success will not be measured in box-office dollars, but by the waves it creates.
The film is paced like a thriller, written as an expose and intended as a call to arms for ecologists, animal lovers and moviegoers around the world.
It's an exemplary and incendiary instance of documentary filmmaking as real-world advocacy.
Psihoyos and his team got the footage they were after -- thanks to meticulous planning, lots of furtive sneaking around and the judicious placement of underwater microphones and cameras disguised as rocks.
Beyond the high-stakes game of cat and mouse, the film explores the mysterious relationship between humans and dolphins and the unexplainable connection between our two species.
Directed by Louie Psihoyos, this well-intentioned documentary exposes the harvesting of dolphins by Japanese fishermen, yet its theatrics suggest a cross between reality TV and Mission: Impossible.
It's horrifying and eye-opening, but I'm not sure it tells quite the story its makers think it does.
It's a true-life horror story as frightening as anything seen on the big-screen all year.
The Cove is one of the best in a growing class of nonfiction films
The Cove plays like the James Bond version of an environmental doc. It could also be viewed as a horror movie for the carnage it depicts. Yet it's quite simply one of the year's best movies.
It is filmmaking not just in the service of the environment, but in the service of a victim, and while that victim may have flippers and fins, it is straight from central casting.
It's not often that documentaries pack as much suspense as action flicks (and even rarer that one does so without re-enactments), but The Cove is a mighty exception.
Thrilling, impassioned and suspenseful as a spy caper, The Cove could launch a new sensibility for environmental documentaries.
Informative, exciting, and surprisingly emotional...its goal is to alert the world to the abuse and consumption of dolphins.
The Cove exposes the dark secrets that underpin the world's dolphin mania.
For a generation that grew up with Flipper and The Day of the Dolphin, the tense, powerful new documentary, The Cove, is a horror movie.
The Cove is a thriller in a classical sense. It's the first of these movies to tell a story with more than stock footage and on-camera interviews. It also smartly refracts a major ethical, ecological problem through the prism of guerrilla events.
A gripping thriller about dolphin trafficking, The Cove is an eco-mentary that's as passionate and persuasive an argument for change as An Inconvenient Truth.
The Cove focuses on that Mission: Impossible more than anything else, and the Dirty Dozen style makes it by far the most exciting documentary to come along in years.
There are many documentaries angry about the human destruction of the planetary peace. This is one of the very best -- a certain Oscar nominee.
Heart-pounding and fascinating ... fearless documentary filmmaking packed with horrifying moments.
In between the exciting sequences of the team setting up equipment and being nearly captured, The Cove includes interviews with persuasive sea life experts and not-so-convincing local Japanese authorities.
An unabashedly activist, one-sided piece of cinema, but a very effective one that probably won't find wide distribution, though it should.
It won't be a big hit in Japan, but this film is easily one of the best documentaries I've seen in awhile. Okay, it's one-sided, but who really wants to defend the slaughter of dolphins? I think this film will be a major contender in awards season.
Its a sloppy, shamelessly pandering film that will work well as an activist tool.
A real life spy thriller led by marine activist Richard O'Brian that is also a genuine and heartfelt plea for the marine environment.
A bold, captivating, riveting and well-edited documentary that finds just the right balance between entertaining the audience and provoking them intellectually as well as emotionally.
The mysteries at play in The Cove begin at the surface and then, like the dolphin pods the film shows zooming around coastal Japan, go way deep.
Overflowing with research and passion, The Cove is an environmental horror story that exceptionally combines brains and beauty.
The final act of this doc both broke my heart and sickened me to my core. This is not footage for the squeamish but it is footage I nonetheless hope one heck of a lot of people see.
Two fins up for The Cove, a documentary that whales on evil Japanese fishermen who kill dolphins for lunch meat.
The Cove's story of a quiet village in Japan that specializes in clandestine dolphin slaughter is quite consciously structured as a thriller by director Louie Psihoyos who won an audience award for it at Sundance.
This film is less a work of journalism than a call to activism; movies like The Cove, to a certain extent, preach to the converted.
Damn fine propaganda film!
The film works as a morality tale, a thriller and more.
The film makes its case graphically, to say the least, yet muddies its bloody waters with an excess of artifice and a dearth of facts.
Think 'guerrilla journalism'... The Cove is not polite, and it is not demure....
The movie is a Trojan horse: an exceptionally well-made documentary that unfolds like a spy thriller, complete with bugged hotel rooms, clandestine derring-do and mysterious men in gray flannel suits.
It has the breathless pace of a Bourne movie, but none of the comfort of fiction. This is documentary filmmaking at its most exciting and purposeful.
The Cove offers a lot to think about in terms of the future of fishing, and Psihoyos' gift for using fiction-feature conventions does make a seemingly unpalatable subject entertaining.
...an ecological thriller cloaked in a gripping documentary that lays bare a world travesty.
The effectiveness of The Cove also comes from its explosive cinematic craft, its surprising good humor and its pure excitement.
Self-aware and just a little too coy
Cove is a stirring call to arms, providing the damning dolphin massacre argument forcefully and creatively. I can't say the film will change the world, but it certainly will make those trips to Sea World more awkward.
The Cove is properly enchanting, horrifying, and rousing, but it comes dangerously close to making the narcissistic case that dolphins deserve to be saved because they're cute and breathe air like we do.
Casting a very wide net, this powerful polemic is simultaneously a love letter to a beloved species, an eye-opening primer on worldwide dolphin captivity, a playful paranoid thriller and a work of deep-seated (if sometimes hot-headed) moral outrage.
A documentary that mixes advocacy journalism with the suspenseful thrill of a caper.
It's both an educational work of art and a classic espionage tale.
Documentaries don't get more compelling than The Cove, a film that plays out more like a thriller than environmental advocacy.
A suspenseful, compelling indictment of Japan's deadly dolphin-exploitation industry.
The Cove doesn't always give you the facts you want. Yet its images of blood in the water are worth a thousand preachy words.
What makes The Cove so powerful is that it's not just an ecological horror show -- it's a real-life thriller that's as suspenseful as anything cooked up by Hollywood.
A baby jumps in the forefront of the slaughter and one can only imagine its horrified panic - this is a dolphin holocaust and it makes one's blood boil at man's capacity for cruelty.
The end of The Cove is as rousing as anything from Hollywood. Manipulative? Sure -- but isn't that fitting?
Some ghastly imagery may deter fainthearted moviegoers, but this is a movie that deserves to be seen by the widest possible audience.
One of the most important and heroic pieces of work I've ever seen...the year's most exciting film -- as well as a documentary that can't help but leave you upset and outraged.
Presenting its compelling case with exceptional cinematic craft, The Cove is one of 2009's finest documentaries to date. Be sure to see it.
A quite stirring call to arms against the senseless, copious murder of animals.
...an engrossing bit of cinematic agitprop based on the exhaustive efforts of dolphin activist Richard O'Barry.
Scratch the good-looking surface and The Cove's contentions start to look very wobbly.
Skillful, unsparing and blessed with a great protagonist, The Cove is smart enough to stir up as much interest in its cause as Who Killed the Electric Car? did with the shuttered EV1, provided its post-festival word of mouth continues to build.
This documentary is the most exciting espionage thriller of the year.
The real grabber in director Louie Psihoyos' attention-demanding documentary is the tortured soul of dolphin trainer Richard O'Barry, a marine mammal specialist at Berkeley's Earth Island Institute.
A nonfiction film innovatively packaged as a thriller, The Cove is the best documentary of the year so far and a thrilling, disturbing ride.
Every once in a while it's good to see a movie that makes the blood boil.
A thoroughly shocking documentary that exposes the secret slaughter of dolphins in Taiji, Japan.
Staggeringly exposes the high-to-low complicity of many hands in the international captivity trade, though mostly it stands as a testament to one man's activist spirit and a reminder of how all social progress comes from the passion of the individual.
I've seen hundreds of horror movies in my time, and I've never seen anything quite as disturbing as the final sequences of The Cove.




@highlight

Though decidedly one-sided, The Cove is an impeccably crafted, suspenseful expose of the covert slaughter of dolphins in Japan.