Annapolis has the seeds of a good, if derivative, film in it, but gives that up in favor of being a mediocre boxing film.
This military drama never gets moving. Just mainly posturing by all sides concerned. The screenplay was definitely missing in action. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Character development and narrative substance are absent in this wispy movie about beefcake and getting a knack for teamwork in an oppressive atmosphere.
What Annapolis really is, more than a college movie or a boot-camp movie, is a boxing movie, and a run of the mill one at that.
Annapolis throws the same punches as many of its inspirational fellow cadets and almost, but not quite, wins the fight.
...basically a military-recruitment commercial.
full review in Greek
It's difficult to find anything to praise about Annapolis.
If you like cliches, you'll love Annapolis.
The innumerable "saw it coming" plot contrivances begin to stack up like so much cinematic cord wood.
...if you haven't seen many other military movies or sports movies or underdog movies, Annapolis may not be as mundane for you as it was for me.
It's a pleasure to watch James Franco and Tyrese Gibson square off against each other as two men heading for a showdown.
It's never less than excruciatingly predictable, unintentionally funny and dripping with moldy clichés.
Everything about Annapolis feels artificial.
.
Annapolis is a good film basically because it's not a bad film.
This film had very little on its mind other than making sure that the 12-to-14 year old girls who went to see it would be impressed enough to tell their MySpace friends about it.
Best never to have left dry dock with this one.
If you're like me, you'll get that sinking feeling soon after Annapolis gets underway.
There are so many ways to criticize Annapolis that I hardly know where to start. You could write a thesis paper on the things wrong with this movie.
James Dean joins the Navy and morphs into Rocky
A feel-gooder that works for the most part.
'Annapolis' is a neatly pressed, mirror-shine drone -- so impeccably mediocre we get the feeling somebody cheated on the entrance exam.
Jake [is] forced to swallow his pride and ask girly Brewster to train him. It's a marginally subversive moment in a movie that otherwise falls in line.
Bland as vanilla pudding and half as tasty, "Annapolis" is "Rocky Jr." disguised as a rip-off of "An Officer and a Gentleman."
The film comes across like a recruiting commercial with subliminal 'Join the Navy' messages layered throughout.
Franco does what he can with the material, but is generally left floundering...
[T]this is solid B-movie stuff right outta the time when 'B movie' wasn't an insult but more a mark of quality craftsmanship...
A fantasy with James Franco as a strong male lead and Jordana Brewster as his child-like female boxing coach.
It's a formulaic, feel-good military drama,but be aware that its TV commercials tout non-existent scenes.
The school seems to consist of one obstacle course, one classroom lab, and a world-class boxing arena.
Less inspired by recruitment videos than it is by Rocky.
Predictable, cardboard cut-out characters, but easy to digest. Sometime after a dense indie, we seek out this fluff.
Answers the question, how many cliches can be squeezed into one film?
This isn't as much a movie as it is a recipe for a cinematic casserole in which the ingredients are clichés and rip-offs.
The underdog story doesn't miss a cliche, even though it never figures out whether it's a boxing picture or a military drama.
Reworks the basic rags-to-riches fantasy in a muddle of clichés...as predicable as they come
Annapolis is less like a movie than a virus -- one that clings so tenaciously to its host genre that it begins to take on the characteristics of a real movie, even though it's just faking.
The fact that it doesn't remotely resemble Annapolis is the least of its problems.
Judging Annapolis by its most appealing attributes (among all the cliches): It's not bad superficially, but neither is it all that it could be.
Despite the numbing number of motivational speeches set against the swelling strains of martial music, [director] Lin's film has little to do with military life. It is instead a mundane boxing movie.
The movie plays out with the same martial drumbeat inevitability of a parade march.
An alternate title for this atrocious clutter of morality clichés could be A Plebeian and a Gentleman. But that's giving too much credit to just one of the cinematic muses Annapolis desperately wants to follow.
While Officer is an almost-great movie, Annapolis, watered down and one degree further from inspiration, is merely an almost-good movie.
Bulling ahead through hackneyed scene after hackneyed scene, it grinds out an hour and 48 minutes of nonstop cliche, never offering so much as a marginally clever line, never succumbing to an original thought, never veering from the rutted path.
To describe Annapolis as formulaic would be a gross understatement.
A movie that brazenly steals from Top Gun and An Officer a Gentleman and makes no attempt to hide the theft.
From the obviously fake shipyard to the repeated violations of what most of us recognize as the 'Code' of the Academy, to the absurd casting of people who couldn't physically hack the Academy's physical requirements, Annapolis fails.
The film is part boxing saga, part military recruiting ad and 100 percent cliché.
Pretty much every line in the movie comes from another movie -- 'How bad do you want it?' 'You're not good enough,' etc. And like virtually all Hollywood films about the military, Annapolis is cheerfully phony.
A record number of movie cliches are strung together for the otherwise forgettable boot-camp drama Annapolis.
If Annapolis is not the worst movie to date of this still-young year, it is certainly the most hackneyed, as well as the most depressing.
Annapolis works because it presses emotional buttons which are virtually foolproof, not because it offers anything new to the audience.
The stuff is digestible, I suppose, but few would argue that it goes down a treat. In fact, at the risk of insubordination, you could do worse than greet this navy chow with a crisp salute and a snappy, 'Sir, no, sir.'
Competently made but painfully similar to a plethora of films that have come before it, Annapolis is simply too familiar to land any real punches.
Wobbles unsteadily between a military recruitment vehicle and an underdog boxing picture.
Annapolis leaves you vaguely seasick from unearned adrenaline. The editing works to make the climaxes sharp, but in the end your stomach is too empty to keep it all down.
The United States Navy rejected the producer's request to film on the Annapolis grounds. Since they were able to see story deficiencies that Disney could not, the studio may want to consider sub-contracting the Navy to write script coverage.
Annapolis is more entertaining than any Navy recruitment ad ought to be.
This is like the saccharine substitute for the real thing... it makes you long for the original.
Real-life military trainers -- regardless of gender -- never make you say, 'Wow you're hot!' They make you say, 'I'll do whatever you want, please don't hurt me.'
Because the cast is interesting, Annapolis is watchable, but with so many better things in theaters it seems a waste to spend an hour and a half with such mediocrity.
Annapolis isn't anything but an over-boiled, corn-fed version of An Officer and a Gentleman.
The Patriot Act should be invoked to keep this trite feature from public consumption.
[Franco's] flinty eyes speak volumes in Annapolis, a punchy drama that connects.
The Village People's In the Navy video was more convincing.
This is the essence of this masculine melodrama -- the boys find themselves reflected elsewhere, and fall in love with themselves.
A corny, eighties throwback, with thematic mushiness, regressive sexual politics, and cheesy montages to match.
take along some Krazy Glue: It's the only thing that will keep your eyes from rolling repeatedly at the hoary cliches and trite situations... take a nap-polis and spare yourself 108 minutes of pure tedium.
It's a formula plot, but it's handled with some humor, some heart, and a sure hand on the camera.
Step right up and enjoy this dull, stiff, pointless retread. But if you think you've heard it all before -- you have, you really have -- then save your movie ticket allowance for something else.
As a naval take on the boot-camp movie, it's so bland and homogenized that it makes last year's decidedly so-so Jarhead look audacious in comparison.
[It's] an embarrassingly limp drama that could only please audience members who have never been out to see a movie before.
Where inspiration fails it, workmanlike competence gets it though.
These aren't characters, these are character templates, and the story they've been cut-and-pasted into couldn't be more cornball.
Huard's flirty interplay with Ali is so pathetic I don't think Brad Pitt could even win over the girl with lines as bad as these.
The bland cast offers their best efforts, but a paint-by-numbers plot cannot be saved by pretty crayons.
The funniest film of 2006. If only any of the laughs were intentional.
Saying Annapolis is predictable is like saying water is wet.
Rather than settle for one uninspired story, Annapolis gives viewers two.
While Lin's camera locks onto every clenching jaw muscle, he obliterates the fight footage with blurry close-ups and jagged cuts
Annapolis moves at a decent clip, but it's all cliches ...
Annapolis is so gung-ho about the United States Naval Academy's ability to turn boys into fighting men and rebels into scrappy team players that it could easily be confused with a military recruiting film.
Neither lagging military recruitment nor movie attendance is likely to be helped by Annapolis, a by-the-numbers underdog drama set at the storied U.S. Naval Academy in the Maryland port of the title.
Annapolis is the perfect movie for someone who has never before seen one.
Annapolis is as predictable as stale bread. You can plot the film's conclusion, oh, at about the midway point. Even the few plot twists can be guessed miles away.
There's a good movie to be made about a townie who tests his mettle against the local elites. Plenty of films exploiting this time-honored premise tend to push the right audience buttons. But the Annapolis script is less a script than a checklist.
Actually, the lyrics to In the Navy are more sophisticated than Annapolis, which was assembled by the handy-dandy Disney make-a-movie kit and is loaded with parts borrowed from other films.
This movie samples An Officer and a Gentleman and Top Gun the way Vanilla Ice sampled Bowie.
The only impressive thing about it is the monotony and thoroughness with which it replicates cliches from older, better movies and hammers them into pop alloy to an up-with-me beat beat beat of its musical score.
Annapolis resembles Top Gun and An Officer and a Gentleman only in their infrequent indulgence in cliche, contrivance and crowd-pleasing flourishes.
Although crudely effective in a strictly formulaic way, the film manages to strike nary an unfamiliar note.
Any resemblance (except qualitatively) to An Officer and A Gentleman is strictly unaccidental.
Apparently the filmmakers are counting on viewers not remembering An Officer and a Gentleman, which seems fairly unlikely. Then again, the plot is so predictable that no prior knowledge is necessary to figure out where it's going.
Stacked with unoriginal plot elements hot off the assembly line, yet still manages to present said story with conviction, tough rings of truth, and a rooting attentiveness.
This film is strictly 'plebe' material and should be booted out of theaters on its white-uniformed rear.
Despite the lack of originality in Annapolis, it is dandy entertainment.
Much as I enjoyed screenwriter Dave Collard's freshman effort, Out of Time, there's not much to say about his sophomore (and sophomoric) screenplay, which seems to have gleaned its insights from the fortune-cookie factory.
It's a bland campaign for discipline that seems to want you to salute before leaving the theater.
Annapolis reminded me of a junior high production of An Officer and a Gentleman retold by cast members who could only recall bits and pieces of the original film.
... an exhausted wheeze of bankrupt cliches and cardboard characters, the kind of film that has no visible reason for existing, except that everybody got paid.
Reports suggest that Annapolis was filmed last year, but watching this naval clunker, you'd swear it had been on the shelf since before the Gulf War.
... Annapolis is ordinary in every way.
...grimacing is about all Franco manages.
Old-fashioned in the most dull, clunky way possible.
This could have just as easily been entitled "UCLA" for all the relevance it has to life at Annapolis. Lin apparently tried to combine "An Officer and a Gentleman" with "From Here to Eternity" and wound up with "Alice in Wonderland."
Annapolis is the kind of hybrid military movie that can really only be truly enjoyed with diminished expectations and a sharp sense of parody.
A string of cliches...As the plot plays out it not only follows formula but italicizes every element of it.
Compellingly reserved and inscrutable at the start, Franco starts to lose us by the second hour ...
If the powers behind this pasteboard mockup of a film wanted to remake AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN, why didn't they just go ahead and do that? . . . [I]f they wanted to remake ROCKY, why didn't they just go ahead and do that?




@highlight

Stocked with leading men who look the part but lacking an iota of original plot, Annapolis is merely a watery shadow of superior seafaring military dramas.