With its simple dialogues and also because it is in essence a gorgeous-looking tableaux, enjoy this slick slice of cinema more for its visuals rather than anything else.
This is risk-taking, melodramatic stuff, but handled well.
It is very rarely that we see good sequels and this one is not to be missed.
A bad movie that overshadows what Miller can still give and which shelters the expectations of those who waited so long to receive so little. [Full review in Spanish]
The film attempts to emulate the languid pace of classic noir, but lacks the narrative complexity or compelling dialogue of its forebears.
To call Sin City noir is to misunderstand the genre, as perhaps Miller does. Each story ends pretty simply-in brutal fighting and murder-and lacks genuine intrigue or ambiguity.
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For isn't for the weak-kneed. It's a punch to the gut, a cigarette burn on the soul.
The duration between the first film and its sequel doesn't fully explain the new film's flaws, it's quite instructive when examining the reactions to them.
With Sin City: A Dame to Kill For... you can't take your eyes off the hyper-stylised fetishism on-screen... but you'll find it difficult to remember anything afterwards. This is instant gratification, a hard drug for the eyes.
Do your summer a favor, and plan to detour around Sin City. Unless, of course, you're determined to visit the feel-bad hit of the decade.
The Austin, Texas-centric, green-screen addled cult of Robert Rodriguez has finally collapsed in on itself. All that's left to wonder is if anyone will bother to tell him.
Manages to up the original's ante of stylized, gob-smacking visuals, lusty affairs, nubile babes, and brutal encounters while still feeling like the reheated leftovers of 2005.
More of the same, yet shockingly less.
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For proves that no matter how many clouds and thunder you put on a screen, it's hard to catch lightning in a bottle a second time.
I can't actually be sure that anything happened.
The fact that the performances are stronger this time doesn't compensate for what is just a hundred minutes of droning nonsense.
Unfortunately, the long-awaited sequel Sin City: A Dame to Kill doesn't prove to be worth the wait. Whereas the first film was kitschy, ambitious schlock, its sequel is a monotonous, shallow, parody of its predecessor.
The narration feels overdone and the stories aren't as captivating.
Creative, lurid, immature, and pointless
Unfortunately - very unfortunately - A Dame To Kill For offers nothing new and feels terribly, sadly, redundant.
After the near-brilliance Robert Rodriguez achieved with 2005's Sin City comes the sequel that has been promised for so long it crossed that line where people just stopped caring. And with good reason.
Familiar actors come and bloodily go, generally failing to make sense of reductive roles.
There's a bleak beauty to all of this, but also there's a reliance on stereotypes, male and female, that, while they come directly from the source material, are starting to become irritating.
Sin City 2 isn't a particularly inferior film to its predecessor. It's just that, after all this time, the novelty is no longer there.
While it might not feel as complete and well-rounded as the first movie, Sin City: A Dame To Kill For is a worthily prurient follow-up that offers up a whole bundle of new cinematic tricks, and a rogue's gallery of exciting new characters.
While it's not the mind-blowing event that the first film was, there's still enjoyment to be had, and Eva Green makes anything she stars in a must see.
The mood is dry as gunpowder - and as explosive
The stylistic brilliance of the Sin City sequel is much the same as its forerunner in 2005 - an explosive interpretation of Frank Miller's graphic novels in which dames are curvaceous temptresses and men are killing machines at the ready
Becomes full-on parody without even necessarily recognizing it.
Coalesce[s] into a sort of indistinguishable mushiness in Rodriguez and Miller's flabby directorial hands.
If Sin City was a hard-on of sex and violence told in an eye popping world of gritty nourish delights, than Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is its impotent follow up.
No snappy lines; melodrama and vicious violence prevail. Less a pastiche of noir than a hyper-sado-macho parody. There's a scuzzy sense of pointlessness throughout as this noir caricature-slicked franchise goes through its animotions.
The movie is a more joyless affair than all this suggests. Had you never seen a film noir, nor read any Raymond Chandler or Mickey Spillane, you would not guess from watching this picture that the genre was known for whiskey-dry wit.
On the whole this is an impressive, complementary second trip.
Every frame is some kind of digital marvel, yet the most impressive sights are old school: the blunt-instrument fearsomeness of Mickey Rourke's Frankensteinian prosthetic face and the dangerous curves of femme fatale Eva Green's often undraped body.
The paradox of the movie's aesthetic is that it strips the environment of the very thing required to sustain it: grit.
This sequel has girth. The filmmakers got the magnificent unclothed Eva Green as cinema's deadliest femme fatale but Jessica Alba gets star billing?
This is one of those sequels that is probably a better film when absorbed within the frame of reference of its predecessor.
The motifs and the voiceovers may be noir-inspired, but Miller has pumped up the genre's violence until its nuances disappear.
The sordid sagas on display here are by and large a feeble bunch, further hampered by atrocious continuity errors that suggest Rodriguez and Miller didn't even have any recollections of making a Sin City flick before this one.
The latest Sin City is a major let-down after the brilliance of the original film in 2005.
Reviewers were forbidden from posting a word about this sequel until opening day, lest we give away the shocking secret that it's a carbon copy of its predecessor.
With the element of originality gone, this trip to Sin City just ain't as gripping as the first. But you gotta admire its style.
No, it's not as good as the original, but this still finds Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez doing their best to make a worthy follow-up, and they come surprisingly close.
A lot of what Miller can get away with on the page -- the cliched tough guy banter and Existentialism 101 -- falls flat when played live.
It's taken nearly 10 years for filmmaker Robert Rodriguez and graphic novelist Frank Miller to get around to making this sequel, but it was worth the wait because the technical advancements make this second triptych of stories even more visually stunning.
The film's brainless, chest-beating brand of hyper-pulp calls into question whether Sin City was any good at all, or whether the novelty of its visuals and storytelling merely masked a howling nothingness at its core.
Graphic novelist Frank Miller once again shares directing credit with Robert Rodriquez toward creating a sequel that is every bit as narratively gripping and visually stunning as their original "Sin City" (2005).
Unmistakably an exercise in style over substance.
Sin City is by no means a place you'd wish to book a family holiday, but 102 minutes immersed in this melancholic world does just the trick.
You can't help noticing that in Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller's world, practically all the male actors are over 40, but all the women are under 35.
If you must see [Sin City: A Dame to Kill For], save a few bucks and see it in 2D and buy yourself a snack with the savings.
worth seeing for its visual splendor, and for that fearless, unapologetically scene-chewing performance from Green that encompasses the archetypal Madonna and Whore, as well as the endless depths of the rage endemic in the exploited female.
Not as fresh as the original, but there's still plenty to enjoy in this stylized comic book noir.
Rodriguez and Miller trade in disreputable teenage kicks and they lay the style on with a trowel.
Frame by frame, the images still dazzle, but Miller and Rodriguez's brash pulp-noir sensibility now feels jaded.
Not much has changed in Sin City, but if you enjoyed your last visit more of the same should be more than enough.
more of a pictorial companion piece to a graphic novel than a movie, leading one to wonder why Miller doesn't just employ Rodriguez as a photographic panel artist - all we'd be missing is Green's gravelly purr.
Story-wise, it doesn't quite hold up to the original 'Sin City.' But 'Sin City: A Dame to Kill For' will still entertain fans of the original film that dazzled grownup viewers with its violence and the look of Miller's graphic 'noir' novels.
Visually stunning but emotionally lifeless...
Sex sells, but this film-noir sequel makes you feel dirty if you're left thinking that's enough. And if you count how many bullets are fired and compare it to how many holes you can shoot through its plot lines, the latter outnumbers the former.
Doesn't reach me with its mindless display of stylish violence and its misanthropic humor and clunky dialogue, but then again neither did the original.
As a whole and complete anthology, A DAME TO KILL FOR falls short of the first.
There are a handful of ways in which A Dame to Kill For actually improves on the first movie. Alas, none are enough to prevent it from being a substantial disappointment.
The noir fatalism seems secondary to the imagery, whereas in Sin City the imagery served the ideas.
The spectacle of a black-and-white cartoon world soon wears off, leaving a dark, noir tone that's relentlessly hard-boiled. In short, it's just not any fun.
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is a jumbled but still enjoyable followup that, for most moviegoers, arrived on the scene too late.
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is a known commodity that is pretty much on par with the original. At the very least, seeing the smoldering Eva Greene melt the screen is worth the price of admission.
The tone is almost completely humorless, unless you factor how over-the-top the noir homage gets. It's like the whole movie is spoken in Batman voice.
The film kind of slogs along, never achieving anything close to the hypnotic, edgy buzz that fans, myself included, are certainly looking for during another trip into Sin City.
Frank Miller's brand of knuckle-dragging machismo is not exactly my cup of testosterone, but this "Dame" is a wonder to behold.
Green has affected shades of noir in previous roles, but as the scheming Ava Lord, she is a terrific femme fatale, luxuriating in Miller's Chandler-esque dialogue while devouring the scenery and every inhabitant in it.
The conceit also feels more out of its time than it did in 2005; this sort of unrelenting bleakness is more cliché than daring now.
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For relishes style over substance. But, man, it's ugly.
Always a pleasure to observe, despite its unsavory aspects, so artfully artificial... Style is no problem. A reason for this movie besides it is a mystery.
When severed heads tumble across the screen like fleshy soccer balls for the umpteenth time, all the visceral thrills of graphic dismemberment fade away. Who knew hyper violence could feel this routine?
This stylish, 3-D film with noir-ish, deliciously naughty characters amounts to a campy satire.
A Dame To Kill For isn't likely to create converts out of those uninterested in the pulpy side of fiction. But it more than earns its keep in terms of lavishing love, mildly ironic as well as pretty damn earnest, on pumped-up noir.
Rodriguez and Millar really can't be troubled slowing down long enough to take an interest in where their characters are headed. Instead, they gorge the screen with stylized mayhem and grubby sex.
Miller's original comic-book frames serve narrative functions, but these movies are all grabby graphics, devoid of compelling style.
Needlessly confusing and narratively fractured, the only real sin in this movie is the lost potential.
The visuals haven't changed much but they remain a wonder to behold.
You don't expect to be exhausted by reams of soul-sick narration and artful chiaroscuro compositions, but that's what happens.
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is an exhausting pedal to the metal car chase that goes in circles, collides with a brick wall, and leaves the audience as they're thrust through the windshield and cuts to black before they hit the concrete.
For those who appreciated Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller's 2005 campy, kinetic film noir homage, Sin City, the 2014 follow-up, Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is unlikely to disappoint.
It's hard to believe that so much visual elegance has been brought to bear on material so ugly, and yet the disjunction is intentional, and the film is all of a piece.
At some points the film lags, loses focus, especially in the segues between vignettes where you can hear the gears creak. Thank goodness it's so pretty to look at, and it is fun to count the references to classic films.
The whole movie consists of shiny hot rods and dick wounds, like an 11-year-old and his grumpy grandpa playing GI Joes together.
Packed with stylish visuals, a dream cast, tons of attitude and crazy over-the-top action, for better or worse it delivers exactly what you'd expect in a 'Sin City' sequel.
Instead of fanning the franchise flames, A Dame to Kill For tosses a wet blanket on the fun, stumbling with a plodding follow-up that's missing the insanity and most of the grim highlights that made the original so memorable.
Lacks a sense of propulsion; there's no sense of movement towards a significant dramatic payoff.
The script is dull, heavy-handed and predictable, with only a few twists and surprises...these characters are simply not compelling.
It's visually stunning and well-acted, yet it grew a bit tiresome towards the end.
It's always fun to get more of something you love, but at the same time you can understand why you didn't see any of this the first time around.
The picture is completely owned by Eva Green, whose trademark nakedness is offered in generous measure.
Little more than cartoon rapt with overwritten voiceover ... if the ten-year gap provided anything, Sin City: A Dame to Kill For can be easily separated from the original.
The film just falls flat, which is ironic since the 3D looks stunning.
Here's the news from Sin City, where all the men are strong, the women are good-looking and the plotting is below average.
A sumptuous visual feast for the eyes engulfing the audience in a dark, bleak world.
A character growls: "I'm going to that place where there's no pain or thought." No pain or thought? That's Sin City in a nutshell.
Perhaps it is slightly one-note. Yet this bolder vision conveys the essence of co-director Frank Miller's art better than ever.
If you showed the Sin City midnight world in smaller doses, as a weekly series on late-night cable television, the slick graphics and cold kink might be more compelling.
The movie winds up folding under the weight of its own heavy tone, itself another victim of the darkness and nihilism of Sin City.
Why sit through this pimply excuse for pulp fiction? Why not read the real boys (Goodis, Cain, Thompson), or see the real films (Forget it, Jake. It's not Chinatown)?
Anyone offended by graphic violence, kinky sex and eyefuls of nudity should stay away. But for those who like their fiction hard-boiled like a rock and naughty to the bone, expect to be pleased, if not thoroughly satisfied.
The movie's all just broads and mugs and gats and gore.
It's amazing how much has to happen in Sin City: A Dame to Kill For in order to make every single piece of it seem pointless.
Spotty and slipshod, an unsteady, mostly vacuous excursion that not only shines a light on how much better "Sin City" did it, but virtually erases from memory with each passing scene.
The self-consciously stylized "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" is so driven to capture its peculiar visual aesthetic that it obliterates everything else - character, narrative, emotion and logic - to achieve it.
The film really could have been something had the filmmakers made us care to the same extent that they've overloaded us with eye candy. (Complete Parental Content Review also available)
The plot may meander a bit but this sequel is still worth seeing for its magnificent visuals and a few choice cameos that keep the story humming along.
In a Hollywood landscape where so much action cinema in plagued with sameness, I can not in good conscience give anything with this level of inspired design an entirely negative review.
Exudes cool in every frame.
Another exercise in seeing Eva Green bring her A-game...she practically rewrites title to be A DAME TO SEE SIN CITY 2 FOR. Sin City remains a place of broken dreams & lost opportunities, an exploitation movie that doesn't fully exploit its opportunities
The brutal, sadistic stories and mannered macho dialogue do grow tiresome, sapping the film of energy and interest.
It's not that it's all bad; it's that "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" feels an awful like, well, "Sin City."
The greatest sin of "Frank Miller's Sin City: A Dame To Kill For" is the way its high style is brought low -- visually stunning, but emotionally vapid, unrelentingly violent, its splendiferous comic book cast mostly squandered.
This is one badass movie.
If only the characters didn't have to talk.
The artistry in visuals and storytelling is so self-conscious it becomes fetishistic.
Punishingly stylized, this marriage of comic-book panels and hard-boiled dialogue has a heaviness that can't be explained solely by its cynicism or lack of wit. It's a blunt instrument whose visual shadings far surpass the kill-or-be-killed storytelling.
This second trip to the same noirish well has come up dry.
The vision remains uncompromising and it dazzles far more than any sequel should.
Though it doesn't recapture the sense of innovation of the original, and occasionally feels fragmented, Sin City: A Dame to Kill For provides an entertaining, though familiar, ride for those anxious to revisit that world.
Stylistically and tonally, the Sin City franchise hasn't evolved one bit.
It's a town of bad women and worse poets, where the fists are hard, the talk is tough but nothing is for real - and nothing doesn't add up to much.
As usual with "Sin City," much of the vibe is about echoing genre touchstones, while the look isn't quite like anything else the digital age has seen.
A relatively worthy follow-up loses some luster from the time passed while still delivering the originality of Miller's visuals and Rodriguez's flair for action.
The movie's trademark mix of live action and drawing techniques (white silhouettes, reddened lips, an abundance of venetian blinds) looks fantastic. If it's depth you want, you've knocked on the wrong door.
Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez's Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is like Paris after the zombie apocalypse: beautiful to look at but not a living soul in sight.
It's not exactly a "check your brain at the door" sort of movie, but it is one that appeals to our more animal instincts.
not everything works in Sin City: A Dame to Kill For and the novelty of the original film is long, long gone, but we still get the kind of classical guys and dolls dramatics that delivers on both the crime and the always-potent punishment
The cartoonish mayhem in Sin City: A Dame to Kill For aims for a film noir sensibility, but too frequently the script simply resorts to anachronistic scenes of Jessica Alba twerking.
With nine years gone since the first Sin City film, it was way too long, yet well worth the wait, to finally get the sequel.
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is as Frank Miller-y as a Taliban whiskey enema
Neither significantly better nor worse than its predecessor, the belated Sin City sequel is more of a repeat, rather than a continuation, of the original.
As in the first film, there are judicious stabs of color ... And Alba is a showstopper in a fringed cowgirl outfit. But nine years wiser, we know that pretty things aren't always worth killing for.
The aesthetic quality is still there, even if there haven't been too many great leaps since Rodriguez unveiled "Sin City" in 2005. But the stories aren't nearly as engrossing.
"Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" is worth the watch if you expect nothing more than disparate comic-strip frames of action. But nine years in coming, this follow-up ultimately fizzles.
Feels like a half-hearted obligation. The plot is disjointed, the pace grueling. The performances range from flat-lining to bonkers.
It doesn't add much to the first "Sin" but cinemaphiles will like its style.
This is a great cast, but with the few exceptions they simply serve the effects.
Eva Green is sexy, funny, dangerous and wild - everything the film needed to be - and whenever she's not on screen, we feel her absence as though the sun has blinked off.
Brutal, boneheaded and boring, a glass-bottom boat ride through the sewer of writer-creator Frank Miller's fetishes, Sin City: A Dame to Kill For truly stands on its own clumsy, over-shot feet as potentially the worst film of 2014.
It is, in almost every way, inferior to its predecessor. It's poorly paced and repetitive.
The characters don't click, and the action feels dull.
Amidst the gazillion 3-D bullets flying, this long awaited sequel commits the biggest crime of all: it gets boring.
Visually, the film's technique is thrilling. There's hardly a camera setup anywhere that doesn't look like it could be a frame ripped from a comic book or graphic novel.
In Sin City, the prose is purple ("She slips out of her coat like it's Christmas wrapping") and the cons are plentiful. And every scene sucker-punches your eyeballs.
The images on-screen hewing ever more closely to Miller's original comics. Streets have rarely looked so mean, yet so removed from reality.
The novelty of seeing this aesthetic for the first time is absent, but Rodriguez and Miller make up for it with giddy action, some gorgeous eye candy and great casting.
I'm not sure what mood I'd have to be in to truly enjoy "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For." But I'm not in it.
[E]ven though Sin City: A Dame to Kill For isn't as effective as its predecessor, it is still a worthy trip to a brutal and exciting world.
Sin City may be warped and a little stale, but it remains a familiar, semi-intriguing place where love and desire can make a fool of almost anyone.
Sin City: A Dame To Kill For doesn't explode onscreen the way the first one did. Miller's monochrome palette, splashed with color that shines like a whore's lip gloss, doesn't startle as it once did.
There's over-the-top sex and violence galore in this artificial world constructed from comic books, 'tec novels and film noir - but if it starts with a bang, it ends with a bit of a whimper.
Eva Green powers the main story and provides a solid counter-balance to the original film in which most of the women were victims.
By trying to relive the glory days, 'Sin City: A Dame to Kill For' ruins what may have actually not been such a good time in the first place.
It's 100 solid minutes of wearying pastiche, and I found myself checking my watch a lot.
This new "Sin City" features the signature characteristics and many of the original's characters but seems less adventurous. It feels a little flabby and self-satisfied. The element of surprise is gone.
Sin City: A Dame To Kill For crackles with dark energy and, with the addition of Eva Green as a sultry femme fatale, entertains as a sublimely sinful pleasure - even if the original remains unparalleled.
Rodriguez's computer generated backgrounds, which blew our minds nine years ago, no longer have that element of surprise but they are still breathtaking to behold.
Whereas a single, stinging one-liner would have sufficed Jacques Tourneur or Fritz Lang, Frank Miller's overcompensating flood of pulpy dialogue only renders his characters flat and sans empathy.
As an exercise in style, it's diverting enough, but these mean streets are so well traveled that it takes someone like Eva Green to make the detour through them worth the trip.
Rare indeed is the movie that features this many bared breasts, pummeled crotches and severed noggins and still leaves you checking your watch every 10 minutes.
This sequel, which starts off promisingly, soon bogs down, its relish for tawdry, hyper-violent titillation eventually becoming as monochromatic as the black-and-white images.
This is Rodriguez's second sequel in a row in which he turns sex, violence and exploitation into an occasional for dullness. For a film loaded with decapitations and gun-toting ladies in bondage gear, Sin City gets really tedious really quickly.
A better looking, more sexually explicit and more repetitive version of the original
Not as groundbreaking as the original, nor as expansive as all the best sequels are. But with some excellent cast additions, and Miller on murky form, this still sizzles to the touch.
A Dame To Kill For shares some of the downsides of the first, particularly dubious female characterisation. But this retains the gritty, grueling vice-grip on graphic-novel noir that made Sin City so enjoyable.
An unnecessary sequel that's empty and arduous, little more than vignettes on vengeance and cruel parades of sociopathic power performed as gleefully ultraviolent shadowplays.
It's neither high art nor noir, but it's what a Sin City film should be.
Nine years after the pages first turned on Sin City, and with three major parts recast, this Dame To Kill For is sashaying into town long after everyone has lost interest.
The class of the impressive cast and the immersive film noir atmosphere just about sustains our interest in a film that's most striking visual effect is the hair on Bruce Willis's head.

@highlight

A Dame to Kill For boasts the same stylish violence and striking visual palette as the original Sin City , but lacks its predecessor's brutal impact.