A memorable and endearing animated entry... Song of the Sea sets itself above countless other children's films by ably appealing to both kids and much older cinema-goers on so many wonderful levels at once.
A wonderful film for families, and for lovers of animation, Song of the Sea is a breath of fresh air in a market that is continually being crammed with commercial-driven, sub-par content.
The Celtic-influenced animation, with its leprechauns, giants and scary owls, is stunning.
Every hand-drawn frame of this movie is ravishing. You keep finding yourself reaching for the remote in the darkened theater, trying to pause the image so you can study every gorgeous detail.
[Tomm] Moore keeps it (un)real with painterly imagery, a Point-like narrative (whereby that which seems strange turns out to be pretty special), and two appealing kids at the center of it all.
The Song of the Sea is a children's film that adults will find compelling because of its emotional depth.
It's an awfully handsome picture, and its central tale of loss and reconciliation would resonate even without the magical elements.
Song of the Sea pretty much has it all when it comes to animated movies.
Song of the Sea is a magical feast of visual delights, narrative intrigue and nostalgic revisionism that will appeal to the inner child of all ages.
Come for the beautiful Carson Ellis like backdrops, and stay for the clever way it weaves traditional tales into a modern day fable.
Making its case that wistfulness is a magical force, Song of the Sea upholds the great Irish narrative tradition of extracting exquisite uplift from heavy sadness.
The animation is stunningly beautiful throughout, deceptive in its simplicity, but producing moments of genuine wonder, most notably in its clever use of light.
A magnificent journey into Irish folklore, beautifully illustrated and full of wonder.
Song is absolutely dazzling in its visual presentation and not so thrilling in its conventional storytelling.
For audiences looking for a family friendly piece of animation that eschews the mainstream, this film is a nice option.
This is a bold and unusual film, which takes material that will be unfamiliar to most viewers and interprets it with more inventiveness than they will be used to.
This superb Irish animation from the director of 2009's The Secret of Kells is a treat; an enchanting and very moving "family film".
It seems unlikely that a more beautiful film will be released this year.
It's heart-on-sleeve stuff, teetering on the melodramatic, though it never pulls punches in terms of accepting that life involves us accepting and processing a heavy torrent of horror and depression.
The beauty of Moore's animation is astounding - intricate, cheeky and, especially where nature is concerned, as evocative as a painting by Paul Klee or Henri Rousseau.
Moore imbues a warm sensibility and honesty to this fantasy adventure that doesn't shy away from its serious themes.
Moore is dealing with dark subject matter in playful and, at times, quite magical way.
The first frame of the exquisite hand-drawn Irish animation Song of the Sea is so unexpectedly gorgeous, it made me shiver involuntarily.
Song of the Sea blends Celtic legends, bravura design and animation, and intelligent storytelling that understands but never patronises young viewers, to create an exquisite and rewarding work.
The colours, forms and emotions are individually familiar, but they're combined in ways that aren't quite like anything you've seen before.
Children who like bedtime stories of fairies and witches will find themselves in familiar but distinctive territory and are likely to be quickly caught up in the story which features plenty of laughter as well as a decent dollop of danger.
Folkloric storytelling on a lavish canvas, it boasts some of the most astonishing animation in recent memory - every frame could be framed.
A beguiling blend of the unfamiliar and culturally specific with the universally appealing.
Visually, this is an exquisitely composed film, and it teems with curiosities and compassion. If on occasion the story seems to wander, it arrives at an enchanting destination.
We're never far from the sea in this film and it's one of most lushly shot oceans, real or drawn, that I've ever seen. It breathes life onto the screen.
Magic and mysticism inhabit visual style in Moore's Irish fairy tale
While the story and animation are a bit more straightforward this time, the movie still contains an ocean of enchantment.
"Song of the Sea" is the best feature-length animated film of 2014.
Like Miyazaki, Moore isn't afraid to take the time to breathe deeply, savor moments of silence and beauty, and open the door to wonder and mystery.
The hands-on, hand-drawn animation seems appropriate: This fantasy of a brother and sister in momentary crisis welcomes the viewer with open arms into an embrace of color and emotion.
Irish illustrator/filmmaker Tomm Moore, also the director of the Oscar-nominated animated feature The Secret of the Kells, brings yet more magic to the screen here.
Breathtakingly beautiful.
Like Miyazaki, Moore may trade in fantasy and myth, but his movies speak in sweeping truths that track straight to the heart of the kid in everyone.
This beautifully animated Irish fable has a grace and emotional resonance ...
"Song of the Sea" creates a magical world, one that pulls you in and leaves you, when it's over, feeling changed by the journey.
Sweet, aesthetically breathtaking ...
An Oscar contender that should've been an Oscar winner
Song of the Sea is an impressive feat of animation, made all the more enjoyable by the fact that it's not trying to sell anything.
Prettily animated family adventure infused with Irish folklore and traditional Celtic design makes for a change of pace from slick Hollywood cartoons.
Moore manages this life-affirming touch without being preachy and by simply melding unusual old folktales into a new story filled with visually stunning images sure to captivate children of all ages.
Moore's second film continues his aesthetic style ... It's like a storybook in motion.
Irish director Tomm Moore's animated beauty Song of the Sea tells the sort of story that makes you crave the flickering of firelight or wish for the warmth of a blanket pulled up to your chin while mom or dad reads a bedtime tale.
Irish animator Tomm Moore follows his celebrated feature debut, The Secret of Kells, with another ravishing fantasy based on Irish folklore.
The ethereal Irish animated fantasy Song of the Sea looks like a beautifully illustrated children's storybook, one in which you slowly turn the pages to fully savor the imagery enhancing the tale being told.
An animated film about a magical world that casts an enchanted spell of its own.
[Moore] turns to Irish folklore for his story, incorporating the Pictish markings of stone carvings and shapes from nature into his stunning animation design. ..resembles a mosaic not unlike the Scottish jewelry made from the dyed stems of heather
It's a small miracle that an animator as talented as Tomm Moore exists and can make small, heartfelt movies like Song of the Sea.
A film about terrible things that ensue when overprotective love separates a child from her heritage and represses the natural expression of grief.
A picture that clicks on all cylinders.
A transcendent work from Ireland's Cartoon Saloon studio that's almost wasted on kids.
Hand-drawn and steeped in Irish folklore, it is a profoundly moving experience rife with charm, wisdom, and beauty.
Enchants on every level: story, voice work, drawing and music.
The filmmakers evoke earned emotion with gentle hands. Even the monstrous antagonist is presented in such an unadorned fashion as to make it almost normal - and therefore creepier.
You'll leave the film knowing more than you might have imagined about Irish culture, but never once feeling subjected to anything Very Special or Good for You.
Put simply, a tale worth telling set in a world worth looking at.
It's a refreshing respite from popular kids' fare, an extended bedtime story that has its share of harrowing moments but gradually wraps the soul in a warm blankie.
A gorgeously crafted take on Celtic myths and sibling bonds, "Sea" is a soulful smash.
...argues that grief and sadness have their proper place in the childhood experience.
If I had to recommend the best children's film out there for all ages, this one, and The Tale of Princess Kaguya, would easily top the charts.
"Song of the Sea" is a wonder to behold. This visually stunning animation masterwork, steeped in Irish myth, folklore and legend, so adroitly mixes the magical and the everyday that to watch it is to be wholly immersed in an enchanted world.
Mr. Moore's second feature, "Song of the Sea," amply fulfills the shining promise of the first one.
...a sweet journey of love and loss through Celtic mythology with a unique animation style that continues to surprise as it evokes a particular place and time.
Beautiful Irish tale explores myths, sibling relationship.
Song Of The Sea is a triumph of design and animation.
Visually splendid, but generically flat-footed, "Song of the Sea" is an animated fantasy that comes close to greatness, but is rarely as clever as it is comforting.
Inviting? Very much so.
It's an absolutely visceral stunner: you may find yourself wishing you could interact with its characters, live in its vividly realized world, participate in its defining ancestral conflicts.
"Song of the Sea" moves delicately but purposefully from pain to contentment and from anger to love.
The outcome is animation so imaginative and rich that I'm sorry to admit I longed for a bit more Pixar-brand pizzazz to perk up the sluggish plot and characters - just a bit, mind you.
Moore's film is so busy ladling on the sweet ethereal frosting of its world that Ben and Saoirse feel less like characters than they do ornamental toppings ...
They don't make movies like this anymore - except when, lucky us, they do.
In an era of big studio 3D CG films, The Song of the Sea offers a lovely reminder of the personal visions drawn animation can offer.
The film's deliberate pace and fey quality feel of an earlier age, made almost more for adults trying to recapture a sense of magical possibility.
The picture is beautifully rendered in pencils and watercolors, with some CG, giving it an appropriately timeless storybook look, even though it's set in a mostly modern world of buses and 3-D glasses.
Song of the Sea...is one of the most visually exciting and gorgeous films of the year.
In depths of wells and the North Atlantic, chapels and caves, woods and even urban places, the land is permeated with magic, little people, transformations, Celtic twilight.
An Irish folktale about facing our fears, embracing death and human frailty, walking in wonder and returning home as transformed lovers.
Song of the Sea is another satisfying smack in the face of computer-generated 3D animation from Irish director Tomm Moore, after his earlier, Oscar-nominated The Secret of Kells.
A quite delightful piece of magical animation.
In a worthy follow-up to The Secret of Kells, Moore applies his dazzling hand-drawn style to another tale inspired by Irish legend.
This congenial animation may be somewhat unconventional, but children should respond to this nonetheless - and if not, parents most certainly will.

@highlight

Song of the Sea boasts narrative depth commensurate with its visual beauty, adding up to an animated saga overflowing with family-friendly riches.