Jonah Hill and Miles Teller have such a great chemistry on screen.
In its own way it displays considerable daring in evoking some of the darkest aspects of the American consciousness and its manifestation in practice. The film's power derives from the fact that it does this amusingly and with irony.
Among the myriad problems with this unconvincing, unfunny and often sleazy comedy from Todd Phillips (The Hangover) is that co-star Miles Teller's David doesn't get much of a conscience until he's held at gunpoint.
Thrills and humor in Las Vegas, Albania, and the Middle East.
There's a generous dose of fiction thrown in but for the most part, ​​War Dogs serves up some pretty kick ass entertainment.
It's the perfect flavour of Pineapple Express.
If Teller is essentially playing the low-key everyman, it's the larger-than-life Hill who so impressively provides the story's rotten but hugely watchable core.
War Dogs is a hyper-masculine, violence-and-cocaine-driven, boys-club-produced, warfare-is-funny misogynistic piece of American pie.
War Dogs is a sweaty, bro-y, barely even sheepish celebration of Bush-era amorality dressed in coke and cash that squanders a brilliant scumbag performance from Jonah Hill.
Phillips borrows openly from Martin Scorsese's style for this kind of story, especially Goodfellas, but he's got the story to stand up to the style.
While Teller does a decent job as the straight guy and the chemistry between him and Hill is commendable, it is Hill who carries the hefty load.
It's a damn good time if you're picking up what Jonah Hill's putting down.
It had the potential be a subversive commentary on the international arms industry... Instead it's a dull slog that feels longer than it is, and essentially accomplishes nothing but a few cheap laughs.
The wrong guy narrates War Dogs, a wannabe-wild comedy-drama about two guys who do well by doing bad - buying weapons and selling them to the U.S. military.
This has all been done before, with much more finesse and nuance, in much better films.
Sure, there's voiceover, freeze frames, and morally reprehensible characters, but it reads more like a parody film than an inspired one.
If you're in the mood for something like Scarface but with some seriously hilarious moments that break up the drama and the tension, this is the perfect movie to find.
If trying to straddle the chasm caused by the clash of a serious subject and a levity-filled, entertainment-oriented approach remains ill-fitting, so too do the key performances.
Jonah Hill delivers another strong performance in a fun but throwaway crime dramedy that has few surprises.
War Dogs never preaches, but it reminds us of the rampant absurdity that became the new normal during the Bush-Cheney years, especially within the military-industrial complex.
By the end we have warmed -- almost -- to the innocent villainy of two con folk serving a greater maladroit maleficence.
Gen-Y A-listers Jonah Hill and Miles Teller spark off each other marvellously in a rhapsodic mashing of The Wolf of Wall Street and The Big Short.
[War Dogs invites] us to marvel at the exploits of two utterly stupid accidental arms dealers from Miami.
What one is left with is a fascinating story and two charismatic lead turns that should be in a movie as good as they are.
This cynical examination of the economics of war fails to make a deeper impression in part because its smug characters are so unsympathetic.
Bros before international arms conventions.
Todd Phillips' script offers an entertaining and engaging ride which, although not always on the mark, manages to hit a few high notes along the way.
Utterly specious.
More a bland weapons-biz infomercial (ending with the crime-doesn't-pay fine print blown up to fill your widescreen) than a hard, sharp look at gunrunning or war-profiteering.
A cynical satire, irregular in its genre, lacks humor and sometimes overcomes solemnity. It doesn't have what it takes to be something more that fleeting entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
The story is told with a heavy dose of macho swagger by The Hangover's Todd Phillips, which makes it entertaining even as it dodges the heavier themes the plot is raising.
Based on a true story, the action keeps the film flowing smoothly without becoming preachy. As one of the last films of the summer season, "War Dogs" is definitely one to watch before you end your summer vacation.
This is a very entertaining tale of greed, corruption, lawlessness and danger, but more than that, it is a tale of two old friends whose greed leads them to become enemies. It is a bit like a modern take on 'The Treasure of the Sierra Madre.'
War Dogs is a chronic formulated from american immorality with 'scorsesian' mannerism. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though is not a bad movie, as a comedy falls short. As a drama, lacks on depth and also, tension for a thriller. [Full review in Spanish]
War Dogs does, in the end, fizzle out to a fairly palpable degree and ultimately should've topped out at 90 minutes...
A very enjoyable and entertaining movie even though it doesn't go further than that but I'm sure you'll have a great time seeing it. [Full review in Spanish]
The amazing performances and the freedom in terms of improvisation, make this film very entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
It's like a Scarface homage and at times the aesthetics are similar to The Wolf of Wall Street but it's an entertaining movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Not a strict comedy about weapon trading, is an overwhelming story about the flaws in the system (something that is pretty funny already without making any gags). [Full review in Spanish]
Sadly, the unthinkable has happened. After The Hangover, Todd Phillips doesn't want to insult or offend anyone.
The film works because it gives exactly what the audience wants, like meeting again with an old friend. [Full review in Spanish]
Phillips keeps shooting his characters in tight pairings, as if searching for tension, but the story lacks momentum and it only really comes alive through the performance of [Jonah] Hill.
No, they are not that goofy; they are morally subnormal, in ways that are deeply uninteresting.
Between guns, dark humor and a social message, the main point of the film is the ambition of these young men. [Full review in Spanish]
Direct and full of energy, you'll laugh and feel guilty for doing so.
Some stories are so sad and pathetic that is better to make a comedy out of them, this is probably the darkest one from Todd Phillips. [Full review in Spanish]
Hill, sporting extra kilos and an annoying laugh, is superbly repulsive as the amoral swine out to line his pockets while Teller's character provides the flimsy moral compass.
It treats arms dealing as a heady adventure, ignores its consequences, and Hill and Teller manage to make their characters even more dislikeable than they were intended to be.
Watching Hill drive guns into Baghdad destroys the last crumbling pillars of the "good war" concept.
Slick, but too shallow, uneven and implausible.
The film is too in love with the characters' frat-boys-on-the-make swagger to be anything other than callow.
There's never a dull moment in War Dogs and just when you think it can't get any crazier, it blows your mind.
There are some entertaining moments but little attempt to address the easily abandoned moral values of a venal duo who got rich at the expense of other people's suffering.
Teller and Hill are watchable but, as proved by Nicolas Cage's Lord Of War, stories about arms dealers fight a losing battle when it comes to making us care.
It should have made for a propulsive, stylish thriller. Entertaining as it may be, original it certainly isn't.
War Dogs' gobsmacking revelations will have you seesawing between tears of laughter, incredulity and rage... Yet there's a definite sense of punches being pulled.
Miles Teller and Jonah Hill are both strong in the leading roles. They're a big part of the reason why this film will entertain many who take the time to see it.
A good film that could have been a great one.
Mature, sharp, insightful and funny.
Phillips seems to be aiming for maximum impact. A massive Scarface mural hangs on the wall in Diveroli's office. Yes! We get it!
The results are frantic rather than dynamic, with nothing much to say under all the hepped-up style.
By bantering with the lads and slapping their wrists at the same, War Dogs is left with countless rounds of illicit ammo and no clear satirical target.
Gleefully irreverent, and with a so-crazy-it-must-be-true vibe, this exuberant comedy manages to be wildly entertaining while simultaneously finding alarming cracks in the fabric of American society.
Todd Phillips strikes the balance perfectly, never overstepping the mark ... Yes, the same Todd Phillips whose last film opened with a decapitated giraffe
Hard to imagine a less imaginative rendering of this story.
It's Lord Of War replayed as a stoner frat-boy comedy.
Rather unexpectedly, I loved it. You learn a lot, all pretty unsavoury, about what supplies these overseas American wars, and are unwillingly drawn in to the excitement and risk of business, even while shuddering and snorting with ... laughter.
There is certainly comic value in the way the two weed-smoking Miami-based friends somehow turn themselves briefly into "players" in the international arms business. Phillips tells their story with plenty of gonzo-style zest.
It's a preposterous tale about a preposterous business. But the fact that half this stuff really went down makes it preposterous fun.
War Dogs could -- and perhaps should -- have been a lot harder hitting. As things stand, it's a frivolous take on a compelling story, driven by two excellent leads. You will be entertained.
The satire hits with powder-puff force thanks largely to the film's ruinous lack of moral shading around David and Efraim's exploits.
Preoccupied with reassuring the audience of its savvy satirical credentials by perpetually telling us how amoral arms dealing is - but yet how funny and cool these particular arms dealers are.
This film perfectly merges comedy and adventure to reconstruct a story where reality overcomes fiction. [Full review in Spanish]
There are moments when War Dogs approximates the effective politics-channelling comedy of The Big Short.
Do the right thing. Skip "War Dogs, and see Werner Herzog's Lo and Behold: Reveries of the Connected World" instead. At least there you can feel equal parts bad and good.
I did find the film to have more depth than I thought it was going to, and more political bite, all gravitating around Hill's memorable antihero.
Over the film's final forty minutes, the laughs and disbelief both begin to pile up and the picture finally grazes its target.
Phillips has injected War Dogs with plenty of suspense and hilarity to keep you interested, and you can't help but root for these plucky little fish trying to navigate a murky ocean.
Raucous entertainment and early promise inevitably succumbs to drab predictability.
Jittering uncertainly between farce and melodrama, it achieves a few moments of sublime absurdity as it satirizes the business of war.
Bland, unimaginative and ill-befitting the extraordinary story behind it, War Dogs feels like an amazing opportunity gone begging.
Evokes The Wolf of Wall Street but it has a more festive, overwhelming and energetic tone. [Full review in Spanish]
Emerges from a similar dark place as The Wolf of Wall Street and The Big Short, but its howl from the abyss is muted.
I abhor seeing talented actors wasted on less-than-acceptable writing.
If "War Dogs" was not based on a true story, it would be regarded as just another silly script. But it is real, it is relatively recent --- the events took place less than 10 years ago --- and it is entertaining.
At best, War Dogs is a missed creative opportunity; at worst, it's a quasi-celebration of two vile schemers, one that ignores the brutality of the world they capitalized on.
Flaccid and only fitfully funny....
A diverting but by no means indispensable expose of the international arms black market.
A satisfying comedy that is as shocking as it is outrageous.
Director Phillips is lucky his two leads have enough presence and charisma to generate chemistry as childhood BFFs who reconnect to run guns in the Middle East.
As blatant Martin Scorsese imitation goes, War Dogs is one of the better ones (Splice Today)
Instead of outrage or any sense of shock and surprise, all the film has on offer is mild entertainment. Given the company, that feels like a bit of a miss.
The characters have no memories, no identities, no range of interests, no personal connections, no idiosyncrasies beyond the dictates of the plot and the numbingly clear point that the filmmakers use it to make.
Since wrapping The Hangover trilogy, Phillips's creativity hasn't developed - it's devolved.
Problem is after the laughs stop, it's hard to care what happens to these immoral wise guy criminals.
This is a smart, intelligent and darkly funny movie in every respect and a big leap forward for Phillips.
It's rare to get a quality film this time of year that's both smart and funny. Enter War Dogs.
By the end of War Dogs, both dudes are losers, but they're still winners in Phillips' eyes, and that's ultimately the insurmountable problem.
We laugh as if it is another Jonah Hill goofball comedy, while simultaneously cringing at the morally questionable - yet totally legal - playground created by the U.S. government.
With a gripping true story and a handful of accomplished performances, War Dogs turns out to be the biggest, nicest surprise of the 2016 summer movie season.
By treating this is as a caper movie, it provides the requisite action and laughs. Yet it glosses over the actual impact of our involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan...
"War Dogs" starts off longing to shock us with its incredible tale. It ends up presenting its story so generically that it loses the quirky irregularities of real life. We can't be outraged because we're never really challenged.
These Dogs make you want to howl.
War Dogs is that rare contemporary comedy that knows how to make a laugh stick in your throat.
Wars Dogs is a solid movie, but only partly succeeds at blending Todd Phillips' brand of bro-comedy with social/political commentary.
Look at all this depravity and vice! Madness. Throw in an upbeat rise-to-power montage and a few platitudes about the American Dream, and voila: prestige picture.
Phillips lacks the vision to make War Dogs work as either an effective piece of blackened satire, or as the raunchy, slighter comedy to which the original source material already lent itself so well.
Much like Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street or Michael Bay's Pain & Gain, this hyperkinetic real-life tale boils down to dudes just being dudes.
I'm getting a bit weary of movies "based on a true story" that chronicle big-time scams by sleazeball upstarts.
The movie's not as lacerating or memorable as it has every right to be. Then again, it's a big studio-financed corporate thing, and it's still got a nice bite.
The tired old adage goes "truth is stranger than fiction," but in the case of Todd Phillips' War Dogs, the truth is more interesting than fiction, too.
We get the sense that the movie is wagging its finger at these guys, while simultaneously winking that the finger-wagging is just a joke.
It's adequate and little more, with an occasionally inspired Jonah Hill and a less-than-memorable Miles Teller delivering sporadic laughs and occasional jabs.
Well done comedy focusing on the irony of a government that bans weapons business with some countries and then with a nod and a wink looks the other way when it happens.
Although we've seen their character types and this sort of tale before, all involved provide enough tweaks to make it feel fresh enough to come off as entertaining. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
It's a tale told with verve and moxie, touching upon the general insanity of the situation while providing a modicum of political and social comment. There's lots to love about War Dogs
A solid movie, but not a thrilling one.
"War Dogs" paints an unflattering picture of the flawed government contract bidding process, but it does so in a remarkably entertaining and funny fashion.
Yes, War Dogs indulges in the expected Bush bashing. It also has a message about the anti-war crowd. And it isn't kind.
It's not perfect, but it's Phillip's best effort in nearly a decade, summoning a crucial sense of threat when the helmer would normally go for the goof.
War Dogs is a lively and funny flick that inadvertently makes the case for keeping the business of war in the hands of soulless mega-corporations. What's not to love?
It's a terrifying, towering performance, and one that would normally lend Hill toward Oscar consideration, if only the rest of the film matched his talents.
It's watchable popcorn entertainment and it goes down easy, but material like this should be challenging and should at least ask a few prodding questions.
Stop the presses: War makes people rich. Stop the movie: These people, who cares?
The fingerprints of The Big Short, American Hustle and The Wolf of Wall Street are evident in the storytelling style. But War Dogs isn't in the same league ...
Its relative amorality is almost counts as an act of audience trust.
Frustratingly teases a greatness it never quite achieves.
There are some fine moments, but the control of tone and character is uncertain and it relies too much on songs ("Fortunate Son," "Time in a Bottle") to carry the story.
Rather than being satirical, it's actually a movie that takes itself fairly seriously.
'War Dogs' is ordinary and bland. ... The absurdist edge needed to convey how an inexperienced pair of 20-somethings was able to win Pentagon contracts for millions of dollars to sell weapons and equipment to the military is totally missing.
An aggressively obnoxious true story of young arms dealers bottom-feeding off the Pentagon.
War Dogs would probably have been more compelling if the filmmakers hadn't strayed so far from the true story. But they manage to slip a fair amount of interesting commentary between the blunders, bong hits and wartime near-misses ...
[F]ails to get to deeper ideas and truths that are ripe for exploration in precisely a film of this nature, and it winds up almost a caricature of the very sort of film it tries to emulate.
War Dogs is based on a true story, and even if you think you can't believe it, you sort of can. Efraim and David seem just ordinary enough, and just under-the-radar smart enough, to make their jaunty little schemes work.
Phillips, also a co-writer on this mishegoss, directed this tired, lumbering, flaccid story of arms-dealing rascals as though hoping to be mistaken for Martin Scorsese - all freeze frames, voice-overs and classic rock.
"Based on a true story," the movie "War Dogs" says, and indeed it is. Which proves conclusively that truth is stranger than fiction.
War Dogs suffers the same problems as other movies about arms dealers have faced: No matter how good the writing or performances, there is a dark cloud hanging overhead.
Despite feeling too familiar, as far as late-summer comedies go, it's hard to deny War Dogs is entertaining and skillfully crafted.
Everything in this film, from the voiceover narration, to the familiar rock 'n' roll and Sinatra musical cues, to the freeze frames, to the tale of reckless and ambitious young men behaving badly, seems lifted directly from the Scorsese playbook.
unfunny and aimless
It moves well and it looks good, and it has a surprisingly great performance buried deep inside it. But it's a movie you've seen before, and more than once.
Amateur arms dealers make a killing while skirting the law in an entertaining fact-based comedy.
War Dogs is cocked with an irreverent pedigree and loaded with the genius teaming of Hill and Teller as high rolling gun runners making up everything as they go.
War Dogs never manages to live up to the absurdity it promises, nor paints a full picture of the two characters at its center.
[It's] a well-worn tale that could be best described as Scorsese-lite.
Director Todd Phillips of "The Hangover" hopes to do what Adam McKay did with "The Big Short," mining the humor from greedy manipulation of the Bush-era system.
It's a shame. The worst part is that you can see what War Dogs could have been.
The filmmaking is surprisingly lazy, even listless, stuffed with obvious music cues and unnecessary chapter breaks that merely add to the lurching, episodic rhythm.
The chemistry between Hill and Teller is warm enough to hold the film's otherwise lacking character development together.
The greatest punchline in War Dogs is the reality that all this actually happened, but there's still plenty more to enjoy in Todd Phillips' most mature release to-date.
[Hill] almost succeeds in making this "The Wolf of Wall Street" of arms dealing, his chummy come-ons masking the greedy control freak at his core.
The mind-boggling chutzpah of these two sleazeballs (plus Hill and Teller's strong performances) keep us watching in fascination.
"War Dogs" has a dynamite tale to tell, but it keeps extinguishing the fuse.
Hill's braying-bro performance is indelible. Unfortunately.
There's no "Gimme Shelter," but "War Dogs" feels like a sort of Martin Scorsese LEGO set down to a Jonah Hill minifig with articulated middle fingers you can raise. Were it not for Hill's slyly physical performance, the film would be utterly useless.
"War Dogs" is "Goodfellas," but with none of that film's pulse, anthropological detail or seductive immediacy: It's "Whoa, dude-fellas."
There's a limit to how much patience one has for spending time with terrible people living large. But for all the lackluster familiarity of the film's style, the story is too interesting, too baffling to deny.
Working from a screenplay that he co-wrote with Stephen Chin and Jason Smilovic, Phillips delivers a film that raises provocative questions about the economic imperatives of war while masquerading as a buddy comedy.
The screenplay is admirably specific in explaining how the Bush administration's procurement bureaucracy... led to epic abuse. But Phillips, taken with the seriousness of his task, can't seem to find a sharp angle on the material.
Director and co-screenwriter Todd Phillips accomplishes no small feat here, creating a "biographical criminal war comedy" that balances a political, social story with satire and laugh-out-loud dialogue.
Does everybody know how good Jonah Hill's gotten?
A bit of a mongrel, inviting us to revel in some outrageous bad-boy shenanigans before sagely concluding how wrong they were, but Hill brings enough sinister energy to the proceedings to keep it interesting.
Although it works just fine as a piece of late-summer entertainment, for a movie called War Dogs, it's all bark and no bite.
Jonah Hill is impressive, Miles Teller is very good, and Todd Phillips helps make it entertaining, but War Dogs needs more of an edge.
Phillips has a deep appreciation of the appeal of bad behavior - he's built a career out of depicting male arrested development - but in "War Dogs" antics have consequences graver than a mere hangover.
Rewarding enough... but War Dogs never rises to the heights of its subject matter.
Not only is "War Dogs" a surprisingly well-told tale in the classic American rags-to-riches-to-rags mode. It's also a mordant morality fable with a genuine heart of darkness.
Like "The Hangover," this film seems to seek an audience of mostly men, high-fiving across the aisle.
A meandering comedy dependent on its leads' natural high-strung (and often high) rapport.
It's like ordering Martin Scorsese and getting... repackaged Todd Phillips.
Despite the film's breezy approach, it reveals the darker sides of the story
War Dogs is a rise-and-fall narrative, and while it's genuinely shocking to see the scale of the military-industrial complex from the actual shop floor, there's not nearly as much condemnation as you might expect.
The film is unrepentantly cynical when it comes to the global business of warmongering, but proves unsurprisingly earnest when it comes to the lure of the American dream.
Deploys just enough comedy to entice the audience while treating the true story it's based on with appropriate seriousness.
A film about horrible people that refuses to own the horribleness.
The events really aren't outrageous enough to justify the detailed, step-by-step retelling.
Succeeds because of it's awfully absurd true story, cast chemistry and amazing direction. [Full review in Spanish]
Slickly, noisily entertaining in a cue-the-next-montage-and-bass-whomp way.
A comedy so rife with voice-over narration you could close your eyes and let actor Miles Teller read you the plot, exposition and characters' feelings as if listening to an audiobook.
A good and outrageous story that never has the courage to go there and become something great.
This is a solid example of the Sobering Comedy, where we laugh consistently at the madness onscreen, all the while lamenting how it's rooted in real-world reality.
An equally galling and amusing case study of what can happen when big money falls into the hands of those with no conscience.
There's plenty of darkly funny moments, but this is a largely serious movie about an entirely serious subject.
[Phillips] takes the serious subject of arms dealers supplying troops in the Middle East and plays it for laughs -- and partly succeeds. But this throwaway, comedic style is a problem when trying giving to give the film any real substance.
Despite all the Martifications and Scorsese-ing, we're left with virtually nothing, except the feeling that a pretty good anecdote has been inflated into a bubble-headed American Dream morality tale.
If "War Dogs" is more larkish than hard-hitting, it does tell a pretty great storyone so preposterous it can only be based in truth.
It's an entertaining lark when it could have been a shattering indictment -- of America, of these dudes and the military industrial complex.
Tone deaf.
The Wolf of Wall Street hinted at the great work Hill can do with the right antagonistic role, and War Dogs lets him steal the movie at gunpoint, going full wannabe gangster, shooting off his mouth or an AK-47 with equal precision.
Even if you're not aware of this real-life story, you'll recognize the well-worn narrative of dudes who hustle their way to the top - only to see it all fall apart in spectacular fashion.
Captures something of runaway modern greed, played out as a bro movie from bro stars and a bro filmmaker...[but] might have been a fresh classic of political satire instead of a crime comedy that plays as sub-Scorsesean riff.
This buddy/action/adventure/comedy/based on true story movie tells an interesting enough tale. But, oh, if it only had the guts of its no-good heroes.
A really solid late-summer surprise and a gem of a crime caper.
I'd like to see someone make a documentary about Packouz and Diveroli, because there's a really interesting story here somewhere.
A comedy only in the bleakest way, satire only in the sense that the whole world has become a parody of itself. Appalling and amusing in equal measure.
War Dogs is insufficient with these two characters (or maybe it's these two actors), who are neither hapless and schmucky enough to sustain laughs nor venal enough to get us rooting against them.
War Dogs is an unexpected success. It's an unconventional crime narrative told with biting humor and a flippant attitude that ironically make its critiques even more devastating.
The film doesn't quite hum the same way when the focus moves away from Teller and Hill. But when they're in the frame, the pair are so engaging in their hustle, the audience may not even realize they're already halfway being sold on the movie.
Phillips leans heavily into the absurdist humor of how the Pentagon could have been conned - especially by a pair of bros whose previous claim to fame was getting busted buying pot as Yeshiva middle schoolers.
With the 'Hangover' trilogy behind him, director Todd Phillips has made his first terrific movie for grown-ups, starring Miles Teller and Jonah Hill in a true-life tale of hip-geek arms dealers.
A movie that's mostly posing, and sometimes forgets how good its raw real-life material really is.
How did Todd Phillips, the director of the "Hangover" comedies, end up making an engrossing, depressing Iraq war movie, "War Dogs," that's deeply critical of the Bush administration?
Fun enough, as late-summer studio comedies go.
This airless, laugh-less true story about 20-something wheeler-dealers turned arms salesmen during the Bush-Cheney invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan has no point of view, nor anything to say about war or commerce or even 20-somethings who wheel and deal.
Is it really that hard to make a rollicking satire about amoral arms dealers?
A much different film than what we've seen from Todd Phillips in the past -- but it's also the best movie he's made so far, and a great late summer surprise.
Phillips is the king of movies about men of limited intelligence and limitless ability to get into trouble.
It will probably be a movie I watch many, many times on cable even if, in spite of its ambitions, it falls short of being important.
Finally, a movie that answers the question: 'What if the director of The Hangover tried to make The Wolf of Wall Street?'
Hill ... heaves War Dogs onto his back the way those terrifying, osteomuscular World's Strongest Man competitors carry refrigerators and absolutely tears past everyone else on the field ...
War Dogs is a "rags"-to-riches story about two white dude-bro arms dealers who lie, cheat, and steal their way into U.S. Military contracts. It's vacuous, ugly, unfunny, and, somehow, not a satire. It might be the worst movie of the year.

@highlight

War Dogs rises on the strength of Jonah Hill's compelling performance to take a lightly entertaining look at troubling real-world events.