The result is a comedy that pretends to emulate Allen... [Full review in Spanish]
Any fondness you might have for it is all but guaranteed to evaporate at the end, when after reaching its preordained conclusion it spends a full 20 minutes wallowing in unnecessary mawkishness.
Saccharine, overwhelmingly melodramatic and filmed with a glossy sheen, one is either quickly won over by the charms of the romantic drama 5 to 7 or simply turned off from the start.
5 To 7 is a pretty standard rom-com, but sets the bar higher than most with it's French New Wave references.
While it doesn't exactly take your breath away, this small coming-of-age story will make you smile about how film can romanticise even the slightest of ideas.
Go along with the dopey premise of 5 To 7 for as long as you can, and its guilty-pleasure charms will kind of grow on you.
The fairytale aura is nourished by outdated yet timeless notions of Frenchness and Americanness, grand romantic fantasies in themselves.
This is an above average romantic weeper despite its classist flaws and its liberal scrounging from The French New Wave.
Though in many ways conventional, [5 to 7] is nonetheless emotionally engaging.
Cleverly acted by a cast that truly believes in the material
Breezy New York affair lets everyone be likeable
The strong cast, a beautiful score, and a surprisingly affecting ending make it more convincing that it seems at first.
Not the luckiest pair of lovers, or the most fortunate use of two hours of anybody's time.
As silly as "5 to 7" is, there's a great deal of truth lapping at the corners concerning the long-range value of a broken heart, an occupational hazard of love that has inspired writers to pen some of time's greatest novels.
It's not a masterpiece, but it is a pleasant surprise for the genre.
"5 to 7" is all over the map in terms of tonality and screenwriting, with Levin trying to stuff his favorite elements from French cinema into a movie that can't handle the weight.
Though Yelchin does not elevate his role much above pasty callowness, Marlohe brings to hers a luminous irony and melancholy that makes her the ideal elusive beauty of hyper-romantic adolescent dreams.
The problem with 5 to 7 is that the most important romance, between Brian and Arielle, never feels real.
One of the best date-night movies of the season without a doubt.
there is a likable quality to "5 to 7" that had me charmed from start to finish
There aren't many surprises in "5 to 7," unless you count such startlingly cliched bits of dialogue as "Life is a collection of moments" and "There's no free lunch."
"5 to 7" is a modern-day fairy tale - albeit one with a bittersweet ending.
The Brian-and-Arielle story never quite feels believable; it plays more like a novel than a genuine love story, like a work in progress, rather than a beginning and, inevitably, an end.
...like a marriage between American screwball romantic comedies and the French New Wave
Levin is a good enough writer that true feelings come through among the words, and, for the most part, this movie is a fine achievement.
Levin, in an effort to appease an American sensibility, has taken sophisticated subject matter and made a movie for children.
For an R-rated romance about a young writer's affair with a sultry French siren, "5 to 7" generates all the heat of an Easy-Bake Oven. It aims to sizzle but quickly fizzles.
Watching Levin's movie is the equivalent of reading a collection of pre-workshopped, college-level short stories, each scene or bit of dialogue in as desperate need of vision and individual style as the last.
It expresses a belief in love as something miraculous and transformational. It says that love makes people what they are and provides the experiences that reverberate for a lifetime.
...a bland salute wrapped within a tepid plot that also owes itself to Mike Nichols' The Graduate.
A drama about the joys and challenges of an unconventional affair.
Somewhere before the halfway point the movie crosses a line, and its fantasy version of New York, not to mention of French women, gets to looking kind of hoary and inadvertently adolescent.
Alluring performances from Yelchin, Marlohe, and the supporting cast ... nimbly carry the film from start to finish.
"5 to 7" is an interesting directing debut that, like Brian, shows promise.
Although Mr. Levin tends to embrace clichés and overstatement ... he can also surprise you with delicate touches, a pained look, a wince of recognition.
It's as much a triumph of boyish wish fulfillment as Peter Parker swinging on skyscrapers.
While the film has an undeniably sexy glow, it's too earnest and sappy by half.
There must have been pretty slim pickings at the Neil Simon store by the time "5 to 7" writer-director Victor Levin got there.
Its central relationship has a sitcom-ish superficiality, heavy on light banter and lacking in any real passion.
Even if 5 to 7 sometimes feels like a romantic fantasy, it's grounded in compromises-haunting romanticism colliding with the imperfect way things actually are.
Nothing turns out the way you expect it. Everyone has an F.A.O. Schwarz gift box full of surprises before 5 to 7 smoothly sails into its final sunset over the Manhattan skyline, and so will you.
Levin's rendering of a literary and ever-surprising New York touches Woody Allen levels, even as he slyly shifts the tone from near-farcical to elegiac, with references to Truffaut's "Jules and Jim."
It has a bright, literate charm that's hard to resist, thanks to the scattered witticisms in Levin's script, a deftly managed tone, and fine performances across the cast.
It's the type of thing only [a film] with an accent can get away with.
Though it's understandable that the melancholy Arielle is moved by Brian's passion for her, the contrasts between them always makes her seem like more of a babysitter than a paramour.
5 to 7 is the Before Sunrise of infidelity.
A lush cross-cultural romance all set against the dreamy backdrop of Manhattan, writer/director Victor Lewin's rather old-fashioned but generously witty film ticks all of the right boxes when it comes to its literary tale of an unlikely romance.
At the end of the film one wonders exactly what 5 to 7 is and how it happened.
For all of its artificial plotting and clichéd dialogue, "5 to 7" has its charms.
Ironically, the Victor Levin film's mildness turns out to be its most engaging quality.
Sumptuous and romantic in an attractively old-fashioned way despite a hitch designed to give some contemporary American idealists pause... the film satisfies in a wholly commercial way.
Courageously sentimental in an age of irony, Victor Levin's refreshingly articulate "5 to 7" delivers romance of the sort thought lost since the days of Audrey Hepburn, for those who appreciate such finery.
Too cloying to be anything more than a dalliance.
Much more of an adolescent male fantasy than a relatable, genuine film about love or relationships, 5 To 7 is deeply naïve and has very few, if any real insights to the heart or human condition.
5 To 7 isn't a perfect film, but it does a remarkable job of engaging the audience with just enough charm to distract from its wholly unoriginal story.

@highlight

5 to 7 too often settles for rom-com clichés, but they're offset by its charming stars, sensitive direction, and a deceptively smart screenplay.