If you eat Jennifer's Body like weird candy, it works.
It is perfect, hilarious, genius, flawless, and just about every other positive adjective you can list.
A lover's tryst turns to carnage! A catfight between chicks in prom dresses in a swimming-pool! Set-pieces like these should be a slam-dunk, even shot in Vancouver on a low budget, but Kusama fumbles them all.
[Megan] Fox sinks her teeth into the role of the hormore-hellhound winningly.
The integral problem with Jennifer's Body is that of tone. Or lack thereof.
Think Mean Girls making out with Teen Wolf on the set of The Faculty. Or something.
In trying to create a modern horror take on Mean Girls (2004), in which the protagonists redefine their rivalries through physical instead of verbal viciousness, she has merely delivered an updated, dumbed-down rehash of Carrie (1976).
Much to the chagrin of the randy male teens that Jennifer's Body is meant to lure into theatres, they're offered nary a glimpse of Ms. Fox's naked glories.
With women calling the shots on this production, I'm sure we're supposed to think this is empowerment, but I'm not sure this is what feminism is really about.
Has substantial bite.
Kusama and Cody don't fully succeed in making Jennifer's Body as clever as intended, but...they unleash some potent ideas and subvert the genre
Jennifer's Body's parts aren't working, so in its bid to become a clever cult movie, it ends up looking like it's trying too hard.
Just when we think we 'get' where Cody and Kusama are taking us, they thwart expectations and cinematic standards%u2026but not always in a good way.
Jennifer's Body is full of ideas, but it doesn't have much in the way of tonal control.
Jennifer's Body is not funny, nor is it sexy (the girls keep their clothes on), nor is it scary (it's all just special effects).
Some weakly constructed things are better left asleep in their coffins.
Like a sloppy episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Diablo Cody and director Karyn Kusama seem less interested in cheap scares than in something more substantive: exploring the purgatorial existence of teens caught between being kids and adults.
By the time we know what's wrong with Jennifer's body, we just don't care. Movie just sucks the life out of horror fans. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Attempting to instill wit into a witless horror flick, Diablo Cody shows that her faux-hip dialogue does not a feature make.
Devil's Kettle might as well have been called Crock Pot.
Jennifer is dead-eyed and impassive, but a good actress might yet have played her in a lively, knowing way. Fox's dead-eyed impassiveness seems all too much her own.
The film is not without merit and has more corpses and red corpuscles than the anaemic Twilight series of vampire flicks.
There's not a moment in Jennifer's Body that's intentionally scary, and the characters never reach beyond the level of stereotype.
By tapping in to the same vein of 'hormonal horror' as the excellent 'Ginger Snaps', this offers a witty, subversive look at the darker side of teen friendship.
Jennifer's Body has more to say about the dynamics of teenaged female friendship, sexual power games and the trials of adolescence than many a more self-consciously worthy film.
The premise - Mean Girls with demonic possession and a feminist subtext - is promising. But the film fails to deliver either laughs or scares in sufficient numbers.
A genre high-school horror flick with a satirical edge.
Although Jennifer's Body offers up both comedy and horror, each is doled out in only the meanest of amounts, with the film just scraping through to a lacklustre and unsatisfying finale.
Writer Diablo Cody's willingness to resort to flogging the movie off the back of Fox's cleavage and highly-sexual public profile spoils what could have been an interesting and original addition to the slasher horror genre.
Funny, sexy, cool and destined to become a cult classic.
Likely to strike a chord with the turbulent teens Cody captures so well, this vividly lurid tale has cult movie written all over it and may well enjoy a healthy afterlife if it stiffs at the cinema.
Is it about female empowerment or is it a slasher story? Probably both, but it doesn't work as either.
Not likely to wow die-hard gore fans or anyone looking for the originality and wit of Juno, but it won't break your heart like, well, Jar Jar Binks. It's just hot, bloody, dirty, disposable fun for a Saturday night.
It isn't thrilling. Fox can't act. The backchat is more filthy than funny.
While George A Romero certainly won't be losing any sleep, failsafe ingredients - gore, guts and hotties making out with each other - make this a movie bound to appeal to teenagers everywhere.
[Diablo Cody's] salty dialogue is the saving grace of Jennifer's Body, a gleeful, old-fashioned mix of gore and giggles that feels awfully pleased with itself.
Occasionally aimless direction is saved by a witty script from Diablo Cody.
After the quick-fire wit of Juno, this is disappointing.
It's barely scary, but it's a treat for every boy (or girl) who'd hack off their right arm to hear Megan Fox purr: 'You've given me such a wettie.'
Fox is fun as a demonic harpy, but sadly the meeting of Hollywood's two rock'n'roll queens is closer to safe studio product than slash-and-burn envelope-pusher.
An enjoyable teen horror with terrific performances and a nice line in jet-black humour thanks to Diablo Cody's excellent script.
Despite a few good ideas and flashes of genius in the script, the whole film is a total bore.
It's not the worst scary movie of the year. In fact, there are some flashes of what could have been a really cool horror film. But Juno scribe Diablo Cody's script is inconsistent in tone, crude instead of edgy and generally dull instead of hip and cool.
The satirical spin on female sexuality and high-school hierarchies implied by its Carrie-meets-Heathers cinematic reference points are more confused than cutting, and there's also a fatal lack of genuine scares.
A snappy script and a lively approach to the genre make this a gleefully grisly teen horror movie thoroughly entertaining
Occupying similar territory to Heathers (1988), Ginger Snaps (2000) and Teeth (2007), Karyn Kusama's film is sharp, witty and diabolically funny
It's more clever than funny ha-ha, and has a handful of seriously creepy moments ... the movie a smarty-pants horror buff cooks up while ticking off grade-Z slasher clichés.
Cody's blend of humor, horror, and satire is not entirely assured, though she scores more hits than misses as she explores both the victimizing and predatory nature of female sexuality
We've seen episodes of Supernatural that are scarier and funnier - plus Megan Fox has a "no nudity" clause in her contract!
I enjoyed [this] more when it was called "Ginger Snaps."
Tonally inconsistent, at least it errs on the side of ambition and cleverness; its box-office failure suggests that male genre fans don't want to be asked to identify with the victims instead of the menace.
Feeling awfully long for a short movie, two-dimensional characters and spotty editing fail to capitalize on a clever idea.
See Mahmoud Ahmadinejad reviewing Jennifer's Body
Check out Jennifer's Body.
Your better smelling garbage teen horror pic.
'Jennifer's Body' is a good idea that just doesn't stack up.
What might have been a penetrating high school comedy - a new Heathers or Mean Girls - turns out to be nothing more than a cheap horror flick packed with lowbrow titillation.
A pathetically worthless horror piece from nearly top to bottom that fails in virtually every genre and subgenre it wanders into.
"Jennifer's Body" has issues.
The sexual politics are not quite at the level of the indie horror film Teeth, but it's there.
Wondering what it would be like if Juno never got pregnant and two awkward high school kids fall in love, but then you combine that with a best friend demon who eats guys?
the various ingredients Diablo Cody tosses into the script blender mix into a lumpy mess, rather than the smooth concoction you might expect.
Vanessa Hudgens and Alyson Michalka played more complex and affecting versions of these roles in Bandslam -- and neither was embarrassed with the name Needy.
Never as frightening as it should be, and it's certainly never as hip and funny as it would like to be, but neither is it a disaster.
Megan Fox's body is just fine; it is the Diablo Cody script that is the villain.
The flashes of competence just emphasize the extent to which the film has no idea what it's doing.
Though it clearly admires %u2013 even borrows from %u2013 such solid girl-power smackdowns as Ginger Snaps and Heathers, Body fails to capture much of their bite.
" ... a brisk, bloody mix of gory horror and high school comedy, Mean Girls of Darkness or Army of Heathers, to put it in pitch-speak."
The picture has a tone - smart and slashingly sarcastic - that's all its own. It's actually kind of brilliant.
Stays on the level of a smarter-than-average Saturday-night demon-fest. It's still better than most of what we horror fans are served, haters be damned.
Punctuated by gory episodes, but lacking in suspense and surprise, "Jennifer's Body" works more as a teen sex endorsement ad for hormone-raging audiences to copy their on-screen peers.
Forget Jennifer's body. This is all about Megan's body.
Megan Fox needs to set her sights a little higher now that she has some clout in Hollywood.
Enjoy some quirk with your blood splatter. While certainly not the most innovative of horror comedy flicks, Jennifer's Body still has some pizazz, thanks to Diablo Cody's pen.
This movie thrives on its intended level of Scream-style horror comedy, blazes through its running time and had me laughing throughout.
I don't think it's trying to subvert that kind of movie, which is what people seem to have been hoping for. It's trying to BE that kind of movie.
A good example of how someone [like writer Diablo Cody] with a fresh perspective and an original voice can make even a genre picture better.
The writing is amateurish, which is sad since it comes from an Oscar winner. The directing is self-defeating. And the lead actress is... well, is Megan Fox.
[Cody's] glib teen-hip dialogue mostly feels like self-conscious splatter over a sorely lackluster scare flick.
Both Fox and Seyfried are hobbled somewhat by the heavy-handed direction of Karyn Kusama, a gifted filmmaker who seems unwilling to surrender to the exploitive trashiness of Cody's juicily derivative script.
Wickedly funny and a guilty pleasure that cleverly combines horror, satire and tongue-in-cheek humor without any dull moments.
Apparently, there's nothing like lean and hungry times to awaken the undead.
You have to give Cody and her cohorts credit for trying to pump some new blood into a stale genre, and there are moments of inspired cleverness...but they're not frequent or sustained enough.
It's tailor-made for screenings at midnight and slumber parties.
There are probably worse ways to go out than being devoured by Fox... but the film squanders all the fun from what could have been a hilarious, gore-filled romp.
Director Karyn Kusama finds resonant terror in details: the look Anita and Jennifer exchange before Jen's fateful ride, or a victim's last-minute ah-hah.
It's a fun premise -- a twist on the usual girl-in-distress scenario of the standard-issue horror film -- enlivened by Codyspeak.
Jennifer's Body features a feisty script by "Juno" scribe Diablo Cody, but the film still falls for all the staid horror cliches.
[T]here's something a bit sour about the whole enterprise, a lack of fun that becomes more evident as the injuries and indignities piled upon poor Needy accumulate, and gradually crowd out the film's early tongue-in-cheekiness.
The tone wavers, the direction's slackly indecisive and visually drab, and in the middle of it is a thinly conceived antagonist played by Megan Fox. Honestly, she's a pretty bad actress. She doesn't seem to get Cody's sense of humor. At all.
It's like one of those self-absorbed, self-important teens that don't understand they're not half as clever as they think.
Jennifer's Body falls into the dispiriting category of dumb movies made by smart people, in this case a glibly clever writer and a talented director who think a few wisecracks are enough to subvert the teen horror genre.
The one perfect aspect of Jennifer's Body is its title: No one is going to like this movie for its brain.
Cody will stop a scene cold for the chance to shoehorn "move on dot org" into a sentence.
The amateurishly directed 'Jennifer's Body' is a bust as ha-ha horror movie.
Unfortunately, Jennifer's Body is neither laugh-out-loud funny nor cringe-inducingly frightening.
Cody's script is delightfully disturbing with well-written dialogue and pretty decent scares.
It's better than Juno, I think: more layered, more interesting.
I'd like to see Jennifer get transferred to that "Twilight" school and stir up some trouble.
Jennifer's Body is pretty to look at, but there's nothing of substance there.
Surprisingly, more than a dumb teen exploitation film relying completely on Fox's fame and promises of risqué behavior to sell tickets. Part campy, part scary horror film and part female empowerment call to arms.
If the supernaturally good-looking Fox hadn't been cast as the titular succubus, the film might be a bit less compelling than its present good-but-not-great incarnation.
The real saving grace of Jennifer's Body comes in the way its two principles play off against each other.
When the demon-possessed Jennifer opens her mouth to feed, it's a horror. But when she's opens her mouth to speak -- it's worse. Much worse.
Sets thoughts swirling about three bitch-goddesses: the teenage variety (namely Megan Fox's Jennifer), "success" in the commercial cinema, and that fickle mistress called hype.
Cody has a few nice points to make here about the frenemy dynamic of some girl-girl relationships: the drama, the connection, the power plays, and the excitement.
The movie substitutes calculation for brains, and the filmmakers seem to think we'll all be too stupid to notice.
Jennifer's Body is horror thrown back at us with it's tongue firmly in its cheek and its conventions open for all to see.
[Its] depiction of the ways in which women like Needy are willing to compromise themselves to indulge an ultimately less secure friend is spot-on.
Jennifer's Body comes across as Diablo Cody lite, something she seems to have dashed off in-between talk show appearances and updating her MySpace page with her latest caustic witticisms.
Takes up a common theme of slasher films - that queasy, panicky fascination with female sexuality that we all know - and turns it inside out.
Director Karyn Kusama is torn between duty to female empowerment and slasher convention. But Fox shows a comic flair that Transformers never investigated.
Clever one-liners don't cover the cruelty here. Jennifer is shallow. The movie about her is, too.
The movie fails in ... fundamental ways. Cody and director Karyn Kusama do a poor job of defining Jennifer's character in the early going, so it's hard to measure how she changes/devolves.
As a horror movie, Jennifer's Body doesn't fully deliver. But as a comic allegory of what it's like to be an adolescent girl who comes into sexual and social power that she doesn't know what the heck to do with, it is a minor classic.
...a hopelessly uneven endeavor that's good for a few laughs but little else...
What felt fresh and original two years ago, in Juno, has lost its luster now.
When your favorite part are the ingenious stills of a bloody massacre accompanying the end credits that's never a good sign, the devil in the details here being that this cinematic exorcism just isn't good enough to warrant all the fuss surrounding it.
I wished a lot of things while watching this movie. I wished for it to be punchier, to move faster, to be funnier, to be scarier, to be bloodier.
It's almost as if no one knows what to do with Megan Fox.
Fox eats and heats up screen.
While it is unmistakeably from the same witty and culturally aware mind as Juno, it falls short of the high bar that Cody set for herself with that excellent debut.
A wicked, sexy good time; its tight, compact screenplay punches right along, a model of efficient genre storytelling.
Overall Jennifer's Body is just a boring movie - punctuated by occasional humor and fewer scares.
Parental Content Review
There is a fine, almost invisible line between the satire and the B-movie, and unfortunately for Cody, her new film spends nearly two hours looking for it, without any success.
Jennifer's Body is a tragic desecration of mammoth talent that'll serve as an arresting step back in the buoyant career of Oscar-winning Juno scribe Diablo Cody. Plus it needed a sexpot who could act, too, and Megan Fox can't.
A bag of goods that is so shabby that if it had been written by anyone else, it probably would have landed squarely in the direct-to-video trenches and even there, it would have suffered in comparison to its competitors.
Wants a lot but doesn't manage to achieve any of it.
I appreciate how [Megan Fox] uses her instrument to convey this character. She can be sexy, scary, evil or gross whenever she wants.
A horror comedy that's neither very scary nor very funny.
...had the potential to bring some real girl power to the horror genre [but] it's a major disappointment across the board.
Cody's sophomore effort shows no real feel for teen comedy or teen horror; somebody undid her doodle.
It's a serviceable premise, but the execution fails on almost every level.
More funny than scary, 'Jennifer's Body' is a bodacious tease.
Fanboys get to drool over haughty, come-hither Megan Fox, playing the oversexed and undead title character. And fangirls get a feminist version of a genre that typically is made in the image of a male fantasy.
Seyfried approaches her role with such honesty and vulnerability that she transforms the movie; you see, in her bottomless blue eyes, that she long ago accepted being the girl that nobody noticed.
What's all wrong here, is that this girl bonding and binging horror spree isn't funny enough, or sufficiently scary when it's supposed to be. Though Megan's teen fanboys should have their satisfied fill, especially those who crave babes with bite.
Jennifer's Body tries hard to be cool, gross and nasty but feels forced and misses the mark.
Jennifer's Body could strip away its violence and otherworldly elements and would still work as a supernaturally-tinged emblem of teenage life.
It tries to be equal parts snark and snarl - think Mean Girls meets Carrie. But it's unsuccessful at doing either of those things well.
Kusama and Cody's collaboration is a wicked black comedy with unexpected emotional resonance, one of the most purely pleasurable movies of the year so far.
It's as if everyone in Jennifer's Body knows they're a character in Jennifer's Body: The New Movie From Badass Chick Screenwriter Diablo Cody...
Cody's labored quips fall flat coming from these actors and in this context, and her script is maddeningly short on suspense or excitement.
Absurd and audacious!
about as formidable and entertaining as a case of blue balls.
As screenwriter Diablo Cody might say in her irritatingly pop-cult way, this zombie-chick horror-satire is more dead-eyed than Blake Lively.
You ought to have a movie that's both smart and sexy. But Jennifer's Body is neither. Most damning of all, it's not scary.
Not since Brian De Palma's Carrie has a horror movie so effectively exploited the genre as a metaphor for adolescent angst, female sexuality and the strange, sometimes corrosive bonds between girls who claim to be best friends.
There is within Diablo Cody the soul of an artist, and her screenplay brings to this material a certain edge, a kind of gleeful relish, that's uncompromising. This isn't your assembly-line teen horror thriller.
Without real scares, only intermittent laughs, and a trite flashback structure that narrates the movie via Needy's perpetual voiceover, Jennifer's Body is hardly robust.
Cody still exercises her fastball now and again, aiming her one-liners toward the teen characters, who spit out the mallrat razzle-dazzle unconvincingly, as if reading the smeared verbal diarrhea off cue cards.
It just kind of works -- there's something delightful about watching a jailbait hottie cooing "You're just Jell-O 'cuz you're not invited" one moment and slurping the entrails out of a pulverized jock's thoracic cavity the next.
Last year, a ... horror flick called Teeth, about a ... girl who had incisors where she shouldn't, covered this territory with more creativity, complexity and humor. Jennifer's Body, for all its promise, could use some of that bite.
Cody has a distinct authorial voice and specific, pop-culture interests - and absolutely no idea what to do with either quality.
Jennifer's Body is about as scary as Mean Girls, which makes a lot of sense since Diablo Cody's comedy about evil high school girls is really just a gory and potty-mouthed version of the Lindsay Lohan movie. Megan Fox is game for Cody-speak,
While Fox's performance as a high-school girl possessed by a demon would seem key to the fortunes of the film, Amanda Seyfried, as her unlikely best friend, Needy, makes it more interesting than it would be.
Cody throws one too many losses at Needy; the screenwriter loses her satiric way about halfway through. But for a while, this has real fangs.
Represents a cornucopia of ideas, both comedy and horror, and the determination of the filmmakers to simply play the odds of getting more elements right than wrong instead of pursuing a purer vision makes it a mixed viewing experience.
Two problems: Cody's script is barely funny %u2013 and what humor there is gets crushed by the heavy-handed direction of Karyn Kusama and the marginal acting skills of Megan Fox.
Solid- but not great.
Jennifer's Body seems designed more to be quoted than watched.
The haters can go choke on some Boston Market and MoveOn.org.
Not even Michael Bay can stop his ungrateful protégé's meteoric rise.
Jennifer's Body is never scary and it's only sporadically amusing.
Gory rather than scary, mean-spirited rather than funny, Jennifer's Body is a nasty piece of work.
If you're in search for a way to ogle Megan Fox's body, there are a lot better ways to do it than subjecting yourself to this.
Jennifer's Body plays it safe and familiar. Juno would not be pleased.
The brains are there, and even if Jennifer's Body turned out a little muddled and lifeless in parts, it's a good thing that it's out there at all.
Written by the gifted Diablo Cody, the movie is not terrible but disappointing, a calculated hybrid flick that goes out of its way to be cool, edgy, scary and funny to varying degrees of success, but ultimately is more barking than biting.
The film itself isn't that great ... [but] underneath all of the stuff that doesn't quite work is a film about teenage girl best friends that is spectacular.
It is not nearly as funny or clever as Cody and Karyn Kusama evidently think it is and it telegraphs its intentions too bluntly to be scary.
Jennifer's Body substitutes hipster credibility for emotional currency, confuses pop-psychology insight with substantive social commentary, and measures terror on a scale that ranges from the word boo to a dead spider.
An unoriginal and mostly unscary horror-comedy from, surprisingly, the pen of Diablo Cody.
Director Karyn Kusama and star Megan Fox seem uncertain if they're satirising the conventions of teen gore-fests or simply catering to their core audience's expectations.
While not exactly lifeless, Jennifer's Body sure could be fresher.



@highlight

Jennifer's Body features occasionally clever dialogue but the horror/comic premise fails to be either funny or scary enough to satisfy.