The growing emphasis on infighting and puzzle-solving only exacerbates the movie's less-than-captivating vibe...
As far storylines go, this one is as gormless as they come.
Despite its 'found footage' presentation, this is an amusingly unpretentious genre exercise, more akin to the old-school monster movies, mummy's-curse chillers and gory body-count shockers of decades past than to the shaky-camera thrillers of today.
There are absolutely no surprises here, but in a tale of this type, that's not necessarily a flaw.
The Pyramid is nothing but a tiresome, lazy, unoriginal, and downright badly made "found footage" horror film.
Found footage films are the bane of my existence. They reward lazy filmmakers and punish eternally optimistic movie audiences.
The Pyramid isn't outright terrible, but it is hopelessly and hilariously confused.
Sue me, I give it a mild "fresh." Call me a sucker for found footage, Egyptian mythology, overripe dialogue, and mutant cats.
This late-game, tossed-away Fox offering is the very definition of a bargain bin release.
Where The Pyramid falls short most spectacularly, in its distinct inability to scare the viewer.
Feels lazy and dashed off, as if getting it into theaters was more important than actually crafting any suspense or creating believable characters.
The real pyramids have been remembered for millennia. This one will be lucky if it lasts a week.
Maybe you've seen the trailers, or television ads, which make 'The Pyramid' look a run-of-the-mill horror movie. There is truth in advertising.
The Pyramid puts ketchup on its hot dog (it's that bad).
Ah, found footage: my old nemesis. We meet again.
Director Grégory Levasseur never gets to grip with the shifting sand plots as we are led down one dead-end sequence after another. And, it's not just the stranded scientists who are desperate for daylight, I too was left running for the exit.
Like so many filmmakers before him, Levasseur doesn't seem to grasp that in the horror genre, less can be more.
The Pyramid plods through its conventional generic tropes in increasingly aggravating fashion, any tension dissipating in the face of unscary cats and rubbery monsters.
If you're looking for cheap scares and have 90 minutes to kill, you could do worse than The Pyramid. But not a lot worse.
The air inside the pyramid isn't the only thing that's stale in this ludicrous yet mildly likable horror film.
Awards season is once more upon us and so, without further ado, we'd like to present The Pyramid's crummy CGI Anubis -- the Jackal-headed god thingy -- with a special gong for Worst Movie Monster.
A stinker in every sense.
"The Pyramid," despite an unpretentious matinee vibe, is mostly interesting in seeing how little light can be on screen before a bare minimum of suspense and coherence dissipates. There is, truly, not much to see in this movie.
It's hard to know what's worse, the under-lit "found footage" from the documentary team or the wretched dialogue.
Plays like a cross between "The Blair Witch Project" and the Steve Martin ditty "King Tut," only lacking the cinematic grace of the former and the raw terror of the latter.
Some things were never meant to be uncovered. Some movies, too.
"The Pyramid" is cursed. Only, instead of an ancient evil, it's just plagued by inept filmmaking.
By the end of The Pyramid, found footage becomes just another possession to be buried alongside long-dead Pharaohs for use in the next life.
Levasseur stops to linger on banal disaster, making The Pyramid not only idiotic, but a cruel test of patience.
These B-movie touches aren't especially scary, and the characters are too paralyzed with fear to have much fun with the silliness.
The Pyramid overcomes thin writing and an inconsistent found-footage format to deliver a horror movie experience that actually fulfills its promises.
This enjoyable-despite-itself horror flick has precisely nothing new to offer - with the arguable exception of a monster in a miniskirt, which may be a first.
A silly, schlocky, mummy's-tomb horror-comedy.
The ancient curse of Tutankhamun is merely a dusty irritant compared with this tale of supernatural bloodletting beneath the shifting sands of the Egyptian desert.
"We need to find an exit right now," someone shouts early on. Audiences may well find themselves sharing the sentiment.
Levasseur understands the claustrophobia of being locked inside a stuffy pyramid with collapsing floors and sand traps. Unfortunately for him, Indiana Jones turns out to be incompatible with Alien, and the bad acting and atrocious script don't help.
Levasseur plants and executes the pic's exclamation-point scares with grinning, squelching gusto. It matters little that most of the jolts have been lifted from previous movies ...
Grégory Levasseur takes on directorial duties for the first time and though he ramps up tension at the final hurdle, for the most part this effort is hampered by a rote script from Daniel Meersand and Nick Simon.
The few scares are rote jumps copied from a dozen other films, with one moment that echoes both Alien and Deep Blue Sea.


@highlight

Poorly lit and thinly writ, The Pyramid houses little more than clunky dialogue, amateurish acting, and dusty found-footage scares.