Though Alexander is emotionally and intellectually incoherent, it's the work of a first-rate filmmaker who creates unforgettable images...could any contemporary actor fill Alexander's globe-bestriding shoes? He remains beyond Farrell's grasp.
When you look at the bloated gleeful paranoia of JFK or the hallucinatory inflation of Natural Born Killers, who would have thought Stone would pick this subject to make a film that's so much smaller than life?
I didn't feel particularly emotionally involved in the story. In fact half the time, I didn't even know what was going on.
The reason it's exhausting, and ultimately boring, to sit through Alexander-and why the movie is already disappearing from theaters-is that. . .there's no dramatic arc, no shaping of the life into a good story.
This new set presents the film in great quality and comes with some fantastic special features, but it's doubtful that this latest version of "Alexander" is going to change anyone's mind as to the quality of the film itself.
For the lucky few that see this without ever having viewed the first cut, they may wonder what all the criticism was about in the first place.
Alexander the person was great. This movie isn't.
General mistakes all across the board contribute and reinforce each other to bring it down
This is ultimately "Alexander" as written by Danielle Steele...
Stone doesn't present characters that the audience can believe in, even for one moment, as representative of their historic roles.
This oracular piece of hero-worship is perhaps the squarest film yet from this once-hip director.
Stone gives us some truly stirring visuals, music that soars and charges more often than not, and, um, performances that . . . Well, um, okay, about those performances . . .
Unwieldy and flawed, but Stone remains a tornado in an era of airless formula and -- to paraphrase our Ptolemy -- its failings are greater than most films' successes.
Farrell, a remarkable actor on most occasions, is fatally miscast. His Alexander is a petulant crybaby, and it is hard to imagine anyone - let alone armies and nations galore - bending themselves to his will.
Interesting but flawed film about a fascinating character.
By summoning his inner classicist, [director] Stone has made an excruciating disaster for the ages.
Alexander limps along from one fancy set to another.
The movie loses energy when Stone repeats himself, and there are far too many of these scenes between his brilliantly staged, devastating battle scenes.
'Como obra cinematográfica, no es la pésima cinta que han destrozado. Es la simple interpretación de un talentoso cineasta sobre la vida de una leyenda de la humanidad'
The picture is so thoroughly ridiculous, it's hard to know where to begin in listing its infelicities. But I'll try.
Though the battles have the blood-and-sinew bravado you expect from Oliver Stone, this three-hour buttnumbathon is hamstrung by a hectoring grandiosity, not new to Stone, and a nod toward caution, which is.
The film's sense of drama and tension makes the experience alive and palpable.
An overview of an intensely passionate life as few film-makers could bring it to the screen.
Big, grand, messy. If you enjoy a nice slice of Hollywood miscalculation every now and then--and who doesn't--you might have a good time.
A garbled, over-stuffed turkey force fed with historical events until its liver explodes in a spectacularly colourful and violent bloodbath, tempered with sinewy speeches.
Colin Farrell is woefully miscast in the lead, but that's the least of Alexander's problems because the film is a disaster on an epic scale: sprawling, messy, incoherent and an early contender for one of the worst movies of 2005.
By the time its three hours are over, you will feel as exhausted as Alexander at the end of his epic campaign - but not as enriched.
Oliver Stone revela uma decepcionante tendência para o melodrama.
Overly-verbose; one of the year's 10 worst
Despite flashes of vivid imagery and charisma, Alexanderis nowhere close to 'great'.
Much like this hero, who is confused and lacks a center, Stone's epic story does not have a core to its vision, too often drifting aimlessly through time and space.
As the titular conqueror, Colin Farrell shows the limit of his screen presence as he falters in such big boots and winds up face first in the sand.
If you like good war films, if you like good history epics, if you like good romances and good stories with great performances, then this film won't disappoint.
It's all Greek to me
An unmitigated disaster, Oliver Stone's sprawling Alexander is an unbearable 173 minute alternative to Chinese water torture.
A lunk-headed train wreck that looks like a tag sale in a 323 B.C. supermarket in old Peking.
At a reported cost of $155 million, Alexander qualifies as a super-spectacle in every respect but one -- namely in its neurotic, confused and sexually ambidextrous hero.
Alexander goes on far too long, and Colin Farrell as the military leader just doesn't live up to the high praise given him in the opening scenes.
Much like the title character himself, this is an endeavor that strives for greatness but is too burdened by its own ego to live out the full potential.
There is a great movie buried in this cacophonous mess
Bad cinematic and casting choices abound, but what keeps it compelling and watchable is Oliver Stone's keen eye for how youthful, talented men live fast and die young.
If [Troy] was a Pitt-fall, this is a stumbling Stone.
Ponderous to a fault, a good-looking production that just sort of sits there looking self-important despite the violence and intrigues basic to the story.
One of those magnificent train wrecks of a movie in which the director's vision drowns in a torrent of his own unbridled excess.
It occasionally fumbles and it sometimes feels downright hokey, but it cumulatively earns a feeling of gravity and reverence that fully justifies its extended running time.
You know the movie is bound to be swill: imperialist daydreams indigestibly stewed together with limp Oedipal anxiety and unpersuasive pacifist lip service.
Makes you wonder where [Alexander] found the time, what with all the moments of self-doubt and blubbering-oh, the endless blubbering.
Whipping a battery at the screen would have accomplished nothing -- but I haven't ruled out a drive to LA so I can whip a battery at Oliver Stone.
À moitié réussi, à moitié raté.
The amused twinkle in Anthony Hopkins' face suggests he knows he's crossed the line into parody with Ptolemy's memories of a conqueror "born from the loins of war."
I have a confession to make: I gave up on this movie. By the time the second hour was up, I realized that I was no longer paying attention.
Shouldn't there be more to Alexander than nutty parents and homosexual leanings?
Alexander is an Oliver Stone movie first and an historical/action epic second.
Sluggish, unsmiling, and almost as limp as the feather fans with which our heroes are gently aerated on their trip to the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.
After a career of epic biopics, the director of JFK, Nixon, and The Doors has managed to take one of the most fascinating men who ever lived and turn his life into a confusing, overlong, and patently unremarkable ordeal.
little more than a well-mounted, but hollow history lesson that is the very antithesis of what its means to be bold
Maybe it's just me, but it seems like a movie celebrating the life of the greatest military conqueror the world has ever known should feature a bit more conquering.
It's just a wild, glorious, wacky mess that I found really entertaining.
A lavishly turgid toga fest.
The sad thing about Alexander is that, despite its marathon running time, you learn so little about him and his accomplishments.
You emerge from the movie enlightened in eccentric respects. It's humorously evident that Oliver Stone has gotten in touch with his inner Cecil B. De Mille and his inner Pedro Almodovar.
This movie is darned near as long as the wars that Alexander the Great fought.
I would rather be bored learning about the history of Alexander the Great than enthralled by the exploits of Spider Man. Your mileage may vary.
Alexander meet Ivan; you're both terrible
It's astounding that the ingenious creator of JFK and Wall Street could make an epic on war and empire that's so utterly simplistic and unreflective.
bad acting, atrocious dialogue and some truly misconceived directorial decisions
It's like being in school, pinned down by a monotone teacher; most of the movie gives off an almost irresistible urge to nap.
It boggles the mind at how badly Oliver Stone messed up "Alexander." An incredible story, exceptional actors and a seemingly limitless budget...**
Alexander looks great... Unfortunately...when the characters start talking, it all falls apart.
Could be the neo-con film of the year, as Alexander's armies march through the East 'to free the people of the world...'
Monumentally ambitious, Oliver Stone's Alexander accomplishes the twin objectives of the epic biopic.
It is, in a word, boring, and that's the most un-Oliver Stone adjective I can think of.
A flop of massive proportions, Alexander is a diffuse and incoherent historical epic that fails to engage intellectually or emotionally.
A great thunderous wreck, loud as a gong and just as hollow.
...a boorish and bloated costume epic that has all the exciting appeal of a prolonged high school social studies lesson during the thankless hazy days of summer
[Alexander] is too long and lacks the action needed to sustain the attention required.
But still, story is opaque. We never really get to know any of the characters all that well. Alexander's story would be better as, say, a six hour miniseries...
Call it Alexander the Grate, because, over the marathon of its three-hour running time, this wonky epic really does get on your nerves.
Eventually, the movie's psychologizing of Alexander's motives turns tedious.
Oliver Stone's take on the life of Alexander the Great is overblown, underdeveloped and one of the worst films of 2004.
Doesn't earn the right to be three hours long
A lugubrious, self-important history lesson that gives free rein to all of the director's worst qualities while admitting none of his artistic saving graces.
I predict that Alexander's one achievement will be as the most walked out on movie of the year.
Even when I didn't like Alexander, I was aware that this is a serious work by a forceful and important filmmaker with a distinctive tone of voice.
If you're in the mood for a lavishly mounted, well-researched evocation of a distant time and place, featuring a charismatic cast and stunning battle scenes, Alexander will satisfy your needs very nicely.
...has all the makings of a camp classic, including the crucial element: deadly serious intentions.
The epic Troy [&] King Arthur wanted to be.The difference is that Oliver Stone has a clear vision.He knows you can't do everything & he knows what he wants.
'When (Farrell) is giving his troops a rousing speech the first image that popped into my mind was Bill Murray energizing his fellow camp counselors in "Meatballs."'
...it seems fairly clear that [Alexander's] life just isn't interesting enough to warrant an entire movie (particularly one that runs almost three hours).
Historically accurate (minus one key point) but was Alexander really so weepy? What about his extravagant lust for bloodshed?
It's as if Stone deliberately were creating a parody of all the cornball biblical/historical spectacles in the history of the movies.
It's boring here and exciting there. And it's almost always goofy.
Alexander, as expressed through the weepy histrionics of Colin Farrell, is more like a desperate housewife than a soldier.
While it's never boring, the film's entertainment value lies in all the wrong places: ridiculously staged grand tragedy, overblown acting and a lot of inadvertently campy humor.
This is Stone's weakest movie of the past 20 years, and it's unlikely to make any kind of blip.
Farrell - in short skirt and silly wig, covered in fluids and frequently weeping - looks less like a Greek hero than a Greek Row pledge during a Hell Week hazing.
Not just a bad movie but a bad movie of truly epic proportions.
Here's something I never expected to say about a big-budget Oliver Stone film starring Colin Farrell, Angelina Jolie and Val Kilmer: It's dull.
Seems too puny and fragmented for its mighty subject; it feels as if Stone, for the first time in his career, simply ran out of hot air.
Epic in scale but not epic in spirit, a wallow in carnage that fails to demonstrate what was so great about this conqueror, after all.
A spectacular mess, with no real focus or driving force.
Ultimately stumbles and falls, much like the horses in the battle scenes. But it is an interesting failure, always brimming with life.
Feels like a turgid throwback to those overblown epics of the fifties and early sixties.
One of the year's authentic disasters, the kind of shlockbuster that at first invites derision, then, as the hours drag on, pity.
Stone and his team of screenwriters paint an incomplete picture of the man and those he led.
In the case of Oliver Stone's long re-telling of the short life of Alexander the Great, a few words will do: not so good.
As huge a travesty and a bore as 1956's Alexander the Great, in which Richard Burton looked equally uncomfortable as a blond.
Farrell plays all this as if he means it, but he seems slight in the role and without great physical presence.
Often skates dangerously close to camp (less forgiving viewers will find the movie hysterical), but the director's daringness to play things so boldly has a grand appeal of its own.
An absolute mess.
A thudding bore, when what it should have been is an operatic testament to unchecked ambition.
There's no joy here, no fun, no excitement. It's a 178-minute-long wall hanging.
A sweeping historical epic that confirms Oliver Stone's position as one of Hollywood's master storytellers and Colin Farrell as a major movie star.
The whole enterprise has its soul sliced out by Stone's overwrought stylization.
Everything we're told about Alexander remains an abstraction, an index-card idea for a character pasted onto Farrell's less-than-mythic presence.
The battle scenes are bloody wonderful, but the rest of it plays out like a badly edited three-hour History Channel bio featuring pretty people.
Filled with cringe-inducing, laughter-provoking moments, including more deliciously overripe performances than any single movie can possibly contain.
This is a movie almost totally devoid of feeling or any sense of connection.
How nice of Uncle Oliver to have brought the turkey.
Like its subject, Stone's Alexander travels on gut instinct and ego, but, unlike him, it seems to have little notion of exactly what it wants to conquer.
Disjointed and lacking in thematic clarity, Alexander offers too few of the satisfactions we've come to expect from historical epics.
Visually dramatic but persistently tepid, Alexander doesn't make a convincing argument for its extravagant resources.
Far too long, nearly three hours, yet feels superficial.
An ambitious and sincere film that fails to find a focus for its elusive subject.
An act of hubris so huge that, in Alexander's time, it would draw lightning bolts from contemptuous gods. Today it will get sniggers from stunned critics and a collective yawn from a public unlikely to share Stone's egomania.
Alexander is pulled in so many directions that both Farrell's performance and the character are stretched thin.
There's nothing that quite compares to the pain of passing a kidney stone... except perhaps Oliver Stone's Alexander.
Ponderous, fails to make us really care for Alexander, and is even more directionless than the Great one wandering about Asia after seven long years.
Ancient Greece was never this boring.
Ironically, there is little in Oliver Stone's dream project that marks it as an Oliver Stone film
This movie is unremittingly dull, visually unappealing, narratively muddled, inadvertently campy, wretchedly performed -- and that's just for starters.
[A] disaster of a film, three hours of butt-numbing tedium punctuated by moments of hilarious high camp.
The drippy romantic death-bed dialogue reads like it was swiped from an episode of 'One Macedonian Life to Live.'
Consistently undisciplined and frustratingly unfocused.
Watching this film is like going to a bad history class where the teacher is a poor storyteller.
Stone appears to be assembling this ... jigsaw puzzle on the fly. There are more bottom-out scenes than high points. He drags it out for almost three backside-numbing hours.
Alexander - The Not-So-Great. There's nothing like a Greek tragedy to stir up emotions - only here the scenes that should grab your attention are spoiled by overkill.
'By the glorious man-meat of Apollo,' Colin says, 'this film is creaking to its final scene!'
Like Martin Scorsese's Gangs of New York, Alexander is an overindulgent, sprawling specimen of the director's lavish strengths and harrowing weaknesses.
The Macedonian Candidate
It's a perplexing muddle: Every moment of spectacular battlefield action is offset by unintentionally hilarious scenes from Alexander's private life.
An overstuffed Thanksgiving turkey: a tedious, uninspiring, repetitious historical epic filled with sappy symbolism and overt homosexuality
You could literally chop Alexander up into six 30-minute blocks, reassemble it at random, and the movie would make the exact same amount of sense (i.e. none).
Oliver Stone doesn't just create trainwrecks. He knocks the train off the rails, sets it on fire, then kills every person onboard. (And takes three hours to do it.)
Stone rises to his own challenge.
Makes its big screen debut with all the pomp and circumstance expected of most sword and sandal epics...
Boldly acted, absorbing and satisfying as a history lesson.
As if Stone was trying to one-up the legendary Great himself by going all over the map, he reaches for so much and dies so early.
Instead of flowing one into the other, the scenes from Alexander's extraordinary 33 years of life too often come at the filmgoer like turned pages from Ptolemy's book.
So misconceived, so shrill, so fetishy is Oliver Stone's epic, so unintentionally hilarious a stew of paganism and Freudianism, that it makes Conan the Barbarian look like Gladiator.
A passionate, character-driven work of sinew and gristle.
While Alexander certainly isn't great, it's not nearly as bad as many would have you believe.
There's nothing fresh about this plodding endeavor, nowhere it goes that other films have not gone before.
Stone's failures with this film are largely honorable, but occasionally he miscalculates and strikes so badly off-key that he seems tone deaf.
Even if it doesn't conquer its world, Stone's Alexander is worth the battle. Like JFK and Fourth of July, it hot-wires history and politics into a wild, memorable, breathtaking ride.
Represents everything that's wrong with the big, bloated Hollywood pseudo-epic: Too much with the lavish and not enough connecting with viewers
It is such a majestic disaster, that I have a bizarre sort of affection for it, like for a weirdly deformed child, maybe.
Much of Alexander plays like a Monty Python sketch, and much of it plays like an SCTV parody. Little of it plays like an epic.
Alexander is unavoidably a problematic epic, but it has integrity and deserves an audience willing to engage in Stone's dialogue.
Alexander has aspirations of greatness, hoping to be christened an intellectual super-spectacle for brainy moviegoers. The sad truth is that it will probably numb more brain cells than it will stimulate.
Puerile writing, confused plotting and shockingly off-note performances make Oliver Stone's epic film a disappointment.
An intelligent and ambitious picture that crucially lacks dramatic flair and emotional involvement.
A long, lumpy trip with a charismatic guide and some brilliant detours.
A dull, humorless mess with nothing to say about Alexander.
Listless, uninspired film.
Despite a budget reportedly north of $150 million, Stone fails to make war on an epic scale, preferring to allow Alexander to talk the world to death.
Oliver Stone's biopic of Alexander the Great is spectacular, earnest and a bit of a yawn.
This movie does everything to the max.
A ponderous death march of a story that seemingly never ends.
Farrell often looks constipated, like he needs to get off that horse and hit the commode as opposed to hold onto his troops or his audience.
A sprawling epic that truly sprawls.
I respect Stone as a filmmaker, but this movie is punishment rather than entertainment.
With its rampant homoeroticism, elaborate costumes and jumbled fight choreography, one would assume this is a Joel Schumacher flick not an Oliver Stone production.
A horrendously bad movie, a genuine 40-car pile-up of literally epic proportions, a three-way head-on collision of bad writing, bad acting, and bad direction.
Alexander is Oliver's most stupidly awesome (and awesomely stupid) movie since The Doors.
Alexander the So-So
Stone seems to identify with the slaughterer general, in whatever era he's in.
Nixon in sandals.
This is not so much a film as an amorphous blob that has suffocated the idea of a film somewhere within its vast and gooey structure
Our history teachers may have been bores, but at least the bell rang before us students became comatose.
Pretty much a mess, an alternately turgid and florid movie that feels like a drugged-out version of a Cecil B. DeMille epic.
A swollen behemoth of a celluloid monster -- sometimes mildly interesting, but most of the time downright boring.
So awful that it's almost good.
An enormous cinematic mess. Alexander is not so much mind-numbingly boring as it is intriguingly nonsensical.
Even at the end of three hours, the accents still never stopped being an annoyance.
The storytelling is so ham-fisted as to induce titters.
It's been five years since Stone helmed a feature film, and the question must be asked: has anybody missed him?
Towards the end of this movie, I wanted to kill Alexander just to get it over with and go home. Even Rosario Dawson's supposedly stunning nudity was over-hyped.
It's anybody's guess what Oliver Stone was thinking by making a film about Alexander the Great that skips over nearly every historical event that earned him that moniker.
Mel Gibson has his 33-year-old martyr with which to identify, now Oliver Stone has a 33-year-old-minus-one-month one of his own.
3-hour borefest.
A big misfire, a big bore, and a big fat waste of time.
Steeped in an all-consuming aura of audacious indulgence.
Although some aspects of Oliver Stone's sword-and-sandals epic are worthy of mention (and even praise), they are dwarfed by the missteps and examples of bad judgment.
Alexander the Great will have to wait for another time and another director before justice can fully be achieved
The real Alexander the Great conquered the world. Oliver Stone's touchy-feely-weepy Alexander would be lucky to last three rounds against Margaret O'Brien.
If there ever was an historical figure deserving of study for what he accomplished in expanding empire and political geography, it would be Alexander leading all others.
This half-cocked creation is ostensibly about the Macedonian king but doubles as an allegory for both George W. Bush's political career and Stone's own struggle with history.






@highlight

Even at nearly three hours long, this ponderous, talky, and emotionally distant biopic fails to illuminate Alexander's life.