Asks us to revisit emotions we've already processed and would rather relive as comedy - something The Big Short accomplished to Oscar-winning effect.
Money Monster is a flaccid farce masquerading as an issue film. The tepid hostage drama turns out to be a manipulative whodunit that lets the real bad guys off the hook.
Money Monster is a solid functioning mixture of Summer popcorn entertainment and worthwhile, socially relevant themes to ponder
Money Monster isn't a great film but it will keep you on the edge of your seat.
It is more than just a hostage-crisis film. It tries hard to make you think about the bigger picture, and mostly succeeds.
Watch this and you may not be moved but you'll definitely be entertained.
The real crime in Money Monster is wasting all this talent on such a mediocre movie.
There is initial tension but halfway through, Foster takes a wrong turn, and what ensues is a meandering thriller disguised as social satire. What a waste of her all-star cast.
Money Monster [is] a smart, fast-paced thriller.
The topic is provocative, the stars top notch, and the director in comfortable command of her craft in Money Monster.
This is one of those inexplicable movies with all the right ingredients - cast, director, plot - that nonetheless goes wrong almost from the get-go.
Money Monster occasionally veers deep into the weeds of financial jargon -- quantitative analytics, dark pools, high-frequency trading -- but the filmmakers wisely opt to embrace the broad audience appeal of a frenetic conspiracy thriller.
The movie works as both an old fashioned ( ... ) siege thriller, and as a serious indictment of American financial institutions.
Doesn't say anything that is no longer known, but what it has to say, it does it with style, sense of humor and suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
Part of what makes Money Monster less than it should be is the non-thrilling aspect of this thriller storyline.
The yammer and righteousness defeat Clooney and even Julia Roberts, stuck at a console twitching knobs and micromanaging frowns as the producer trying to hold the show together.
Money Monster doesn't fully come alive on screen. It tries too hard to make a statement, losing sight of the people amid the politics.
We're not buying Money Monster, not even at a discount.
After a very strong start that pokes some nice satirical jabs at the media and the workings of the finance world, the film does default into a pretty standard, though entertaining affair.
Director Jodie Foster carves Money Monster from the cloth of films like Network and Running Man, that forewarn the collective bloodlust of viewers mutating into this must watch 'Gladiator TV.'
Money Monster flirts with thriller and satirical elements without providing enough of either, and despite the presence of appealing stars George Clooney and Julia Roberts, the movie short sells character development.
It's directed by Jodie Foster, who treats the whole thing as a technical exercise... but never gives it the kind of immediacy or relevance to make it matter.
With a tense narrative, an excellent ensemble, and impressive direction from Jodie Foster, Money Monster is a compelling and exciting thriller that grabs you from the start and hardly slows down until the very end.
Entertaining, mature thriller has language, violence, sex.
There's a great moment near the end where she literally turns the camera on the audience itself, breaking the fourth wall in a way that is eerie and striking.
It's not perfect but it's definitely a must-see.
Far from the painfully earnest snorer that the first trailer ... promised, Money Monster is surprisingly funny, impressively acted, competently shot, and remarkably efficient.
A suspenseful thriller with a good dose of social criticism that's effective enough to be entertaining and smart at the same time. [Full review in Spanish]
It has some flaws, but overall, the film directed by Jodie Foster is a great thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat. [Full review in Spanish]
Money Monster moves fast, but stays with you.
An unpretentious Jodie Foster defines her own style as a director in this film. [Full review in Spanish]
A great film as long as you don't expect much from it and just enjoy the ride. [Full review in Spanish]
An enjoyable film, just don't expect something like Adam McKay's The Big Short. [Full review in Spanish]
It never reaches greatness or profundity, but it's a well-built, entertaining Hollywood movie - in the best sense of the term.
A well intention film that has some issues when making it's statement. [Full review in Spanish]
What starts as a sharp satire of the financial world becomes an acting showcase for George Clooney and Julia Roberts. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite strenuously ignoring its tremendous potential for black comedy, Money Monster ticks along on the assured turns by its star leads.
A movie about the trivialization and glamorization of the news and how quickly fame comes and goes in modern times. [Full review in Spanish]
A Lumet inspired film that feels self-indulgent and full of harmless social commentary. [Full review in Spanish]
A shaky plot is saved by great acting, a good story and superb editing.
There's not much incentive for either monetary or emotional investment in this working-class revenge saga that wraps a critique of the contemporary financial system into a plot that's both far-fetched and predictable.
A mostly failed movie where only the performances stand out. [Full review in Spanish]
Formulaic and forced so the story can advance from point A to B. [Full review in Spanish]
Even if it lacks the fierceness and depth of other similar films, Foster avoids being indulgent with the ruthless world of finance. [Full review in Spanish]
A dramatic thriller relevant to our modern society. [Full review in Spanish]
Switch-hits between a foam bat and a good old-fashioned hardwood Louisville Slugger. The former is used for character, the latter for bits of harsh commentary about The State of Things.
A taught and tight thinking man's thriller that packs in a healthy dose of social commentary into its compact running time.
It wants to be more than just a thriller; it aims to attack rapacious financial institutions, witless TV programs and the short attention span of the general public, and for the most part it manages to achieve all of that.
It may be Hollywood melodrama but it's top of the range, giving Clooney and Roberts every opportunity to demonstrate the value of star power. And it's refreshing to have a studio picture about anti-heroes rather than super-heroes.
Foster does succeed in drawing some of the best performances we've seen in a while from the central quartet, especially Roberts, who clearly relishes her role.
Technical accomplishment pushes Money Monster over the line from a competent thriller on paper to a breathless 98 minutes that pop.
A tough critique to capitalism and tv culture presented in a valuable film. [Full review in Spanish]
I enjoyed Money Monster enormously, right up until it turned into one of the stupidest movies ever made.
Everything Money Monster has to say about corporate greed is true but as a film it also leaves no contrivance unturned or untouched.
It lacks the depressing realism that made films like The Big Short and Margin Call so startling.
About as angry and energetic as a Yorkshire Terrier on Johnny Depp's jet.
Foster's film is nevertheless one of the best big-budget flicks of the year so far, and should please any punters out there who have been financially screwed (and yes, that's everyone reading this).
A sleekly made thriller with a sparky sense of humour, this is also a rare action movie that has something important to say.
I was never bored watching Money Monster, but I couldn't shake the feeling that I was being talked down to.
At the risk of damning it with faint praise, it's a low-risk investment with short-term dividends.
And on this potted, ploddingly plotted pretense at socio-economic drama goes, until you realize what matters here is only the show itself--the self-sustaining, sensational spectacle of movie-machinery, gears greasing along in the guise of edu-tainment.
It's movie with a fairly random sense of tone, mostly reflected by Clooney's character who is going from scared to defiant to co-operative and back again within a couple of scenes.
A smart, entertaining, well-paced thriller.
A good-enough thriller that has some nice moves occasionally. Unlike Clooney, who's dancing leaves a lot to be desired.
...an intelligent movie that is technically sophisticated...
Money Monster so desperately wants to Occupy Wall Street, but it can't even make it to the outskirts of Vacant Hollywood.
Money Monster works better as comedy than thriller - but that's not all it wants to be.
There's a spray of clever dialogue here and there but for a movie that wants to impart insight into a "rigged" system, Money Monster is awfully simplistic.
a mix of high-concept obviousness and genuine passion for the difficulties endured by those who get chewed up and spit out by the system
Foster seems intent on undermining this tension at every opportunity, through atmosphere-depleting jokes and unbelievable character decisions.
The plot is far-fetched, but the real problem is the lack of a mission statement.
Jodi Foster's direction is faultless, squeezing the most out of the solid story as well as all the characters, not just the leads
The shifting nature of relationships is one of the many strengths of this tense, top-drawer thriller that is boosted by the considerable star power of George Clooney and Julia Roberts
You would expect this set-up to yield gripping suspense. The volatile Kyle shoots out TV monitors; Lee is forced to don an explosive vest; and SWAT snipers wriggle into position, trigger-fingers itching. Yet the drama proves surprisingly tepid.
Foster tries to muster audience sympathy for Kyle. But her tools are crude.
Even professionals sometimes take a loss, and that's what Money Monster ultimately feels like: an investment that doesn't quite pay off.
Tame and redundant.
The pleasures of Money Monster come from watching old pros like Clooney and Ms Roberts negotiate their way effortlessly through this formulaic but entertaining thriller.
Money Monster is entertaining enough as a thriller. It is also strangely undercharged and lacking in ambition given the talent behind it.
This could have been a really good satirical dig at the perilous nature of the financial markets but instead it chooses to be just a really fun movie.
It's light and frothy but at its heart there is a steely core, perfectly illustrated by a climax that doesn't play by Hollywood's rules in the same way the high finance refuses to play by any set of rules at all.
When the performances are this good and the ambitions this high, you can forgive the film for having a reach that exceeds its grasp.
While Money Monster never hits the heights of the films it aspires to -- such as '70s classic Dog Day Afternoon or financial titan Margin Call -- it's a worthwhile investment of your time that won't leave you feeling that short-changed.
Despite its brief moments of genuine tension and topical subject, [Money Monster] feels empty and somewhat even outdated in its storytelling.
Marginally more successful as a media satire than a hostage thriller, but it misses the opportunity to really stick the knife in.
Money Monster is an enjoyable soft-liberal satire on American TV shows and the wickedness of Wall Street. Playing in real time, its engaging performances and tight direction veer from thriller to comedy.
A fast-paced, entertaining, if somewhat on-the-nose mélange of thriller, satire, and drama, this is Jodie Foster's best movie as a director.
Mirrors What We See Every Day On The News
The film delivers a dubious mixed message: It condemns the big-money investor and cable news cultures, treats the working class as expendable and ultimately offers forgiveness and redemption to the privileged celebrity rank to which Foster belongs.
An earnest and entertaining look at stock market skulduggery, constricted by its adherence to genre convention and further comprised by its commercialism, Money Monster has two shining stars in front of the camera and one at the helm.
The frenzied drama has no clear point of view besides its air of celebrity condescension.
An outdated, nothing movie that wastes the talents of all involved.
The film shows a very careful and functional style that knows rightly how to distribute the level of tension and humor throughout the film. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Jodie Foster grapples reasonably well, probably better than could be expected, with the uneasy mix of comedy and menace in Jamie Linden, Alan DiFiore and Jim Kouf's script.
An old-school thriller, formulaic and not very original but fun nonetheless.
The problem is presenting the follies of Wall Street as an ordinary crime, the fault of one specific villain who just acted incorrectly. Catch that one guy, and I guess everything is just fine.
With all the ranting about a "rigged" financial system, the movie certainly captures the zeitgeist, but it' so overloaded with action-movie tropes and tech-based plot contrivances that it begins to feel a little silly.
No matter how many times Jack O'Connell waves his gun in the air and threatens to detonate the place with a bomb, you never truly believe anyone's life is in danger.
Money Monster isn't deserving of a large investment, but it's dollar-movie worthy.
While the Occupy Wall Street rage supposedly fueling this thing is flimsy, what's left is still solidly entertaining.
The movie, which definitively goes off the rails in its final stretch, ends on as anti-climactic and underwhelming a note as one could possibly envision...
The story is smart and compelling, even if it does pour it on a bit thick with a Hollywood ending.
The film certainly opens new possibilities for Jodie Foster as a director. [Full review in Portuguese]
By the end, the story is made soggy with moral equivocation.
A bewilderingly facile and preposterously plotted misfire that offers few pleasures as either a star-driven thriller or a big-screen indictment of the forces that devastated global bank accounts.
It tries to be a bit like 'Network.' However, it doesn't quite make the grade.
A topical thriller about the media's coverage of Wall Street which, unfortunately, doesn't really tell the tale.
Recall the Clooney of Up in the Air, a trenchant cinematic response to the financial crisis, or the Clooney of Good Night, and Good Luck and you can't help but wonder what persuaded the star to invest time and talent in a junk bond of a jumble like this.
Money Monster wants to offer us a risky look into the flames rising up around us in this corrupt economy, but it hits with the equivalent of a "kick me" sign rather than a firebomb.
Things work best for the first three quarters of "Money Monster."
This is either a spoof or a devastating attack on those charlatans on TV who spout all they know about investing in stocks and bonds, which is basically nothing. It's well directed and acted and has the required tension throughout.
Money Monster showcases a director who has grown in confidence and ambition but a storyteller who is still struggling to create a cohesive identity.
Often witty, frequently exciting, but neither as modern nor as important as it seems to think it is. Viewed as entertainment, however, it's worth a look.
Money Monster does get really dumb the further it goes on and the more it needs to end up at some neatly delivered conclusion.
Everything in the movie is too on the nose, even the meta commentary on television feels forced and doesn't dare to explore more, leaving us with a conventional film, creating suspense from the lowest parts of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
If you're looking for a breezy evening's entertainment with a surprisingly satisfying comic edge, Money Monster is a sound investment.
This scattergun approach is nothing if not entertaining.
Money Monster (also the name of Gates's program) pretends to expose Wall Street chicanery at the same time as critiquing opportunistic television. Who do Clooney, director Jodie Foster, and lead screenwriter Jamie Linden think they are?
The pieces would seem to be in place, but ... "Money Monster" is a stodgy, moribund plodder loaded with stock characters that wouldn't have felt edgy in 1983 and has about the same contemporary urgency as your average late-night rerun of "CSI: NY."
A populist thriller that both sides of the political aisle can appreciate.
Full of bad scenes, glaring plot holes and mediocre performances from normally dependable actors, this is just a stinking failure all around. (Splice Today)
In theory, Money Monster has all the components of a great sociopolitical action thriller. In practice, everything is a little more hollow than it should be.
George Clooney! Julia Roberts! The pedigree behind the set-in-real-time thriller "Money Monster" is reason enough to see the movie.
Inane Wall Street thriller.
Essentially this is a uncomplicated comedy-thriller, in which Clooney comes good for the little guy and finds his own redemption, Julia Roberts changes her mind, and the markets are not guilty ...
Increasingly implausible, uneven and lethargic despite solid performances from its talented actors.
A lumbering, outmoded Brachiosaurus of a movie that evokes a few turn-of-the-century thrillers that should not be evoked.
Catch this during a matinee, and you'll be adding another meaning to dog day afternoon.
Edgy and exciting, it's even more relevant with Wall Street's computerized algorithms and high-frequency trading.
...it's the sort of movie that Hollywood had seemed to have forgotten how to make.
It's all admirably intended to combine suspense with social comment, but with its breathless revelations about how the system is rigged and TV is sensationalized, this film is too little, too late.
Essential elements are there for Money Monster to be more than just good: skillful direction, whiplash editing, and up to the mark performances... and yet...
Awkwardly miscast and tonally disconnected, the film is a thriller with little suspense, a message movie with no credibility.
A movie that is so "by the numbers" that you kind of feel bad for it. [Full review in Spanish]
Money Monster is a well-directed and well-acted dramatic thriller weighed down by heavy-handed social commentary and implausible plot beats.
Works slightly better as a hostage drama than as an expose of Wall Street corruption, but that's okay, because the performances are so good and the pace is so quick that you don't really have time to quibble until after it's over.
A better than average film that's a "buy" in any market
Investing in this movie would not be a safe bet.
The movie is stuck between indictments, making cases against the makers and the consumers, the cheaters and the cheated.
Featuring big stars, but a lumpy script...and the overall feel of a 90's era commercial thriller, "Money Monster" has the nutritional value of popcorn, its fast pace a diversion from story elements that get lost in its shuffle.
It doesn't help that none of the characters are likable.
Money Monster's timing couldn't be much better. But this Wall Street satire could be and should be, with a promising setup betrayed by absurd twists and a conventional resolution so tidy it wreaks of studio meddling.
It's a well-made, well-meaning piece of entertainment, and it's grown up.
Finds intelligent craft at the service of a script that opens with the warning "It's about to get complicated," and then proceeds to dumb itself down to the level of your average CBS prime-time drama.
Jodie Foster has directed a real-time drama that's lean, efficient and benefits from the enormous charisma of George Clooney in the starring role as a slick, smug financial pundit.
A riveting thriller featuring classic screen chemistry coming courtesy of the eternally bankable Clooney and Roberts!
Money Monster... is a slick piece of work. But like many slick pieces of work, it's ultimately hollow.
With good performances and a solid point of view, Money Monster is an exceptionally enjoyable thriller.
A "Network" for the financial crisis era, mashing up the sensationalist nature of cable news with anxieties about corporate greed and unregulated Wild West financial practices.
The acting, at any rate, is uniformly good. Clooney's performance belongs with his best... And his smart, casual chemistry with Roberts is still on the money.
Gee kid, sorry the massive slot machine that is the NYSE didn't hit the three '7's you were expecting.
'Money Monster' is a good movie, one worth seeing, but it is a good movie that I just couldn't buy.
[A] taut and surprisingly witty thriller.
[The film has] ambitions of relevance but few distinguishing characteristics.
As a silly thriller, it's forgivable. As a satire, it's a complete whiff.
The strength of these performances actually takes the subtext of Money Monster and puts it someplace unexpected: strong women trying to clean up after childish men.
This is populist wish fulfillment, pure and simple.
It wants to be a responsible topical thriller, but the change in focus from the fed-up prole to the battle-hardened broadcast virtuosos is so misjudged that the movie comes off as socially unconscious.
As its tense studio antics unfold, though, the sad truth becomes apparent: Money Monster is a movie-star vehicle that isn't giving its movie stars anything to do.
"Money Monster" grabs you at the very beginning and doesn't let go. Is it perfect? No. Is it unusually entertaining? Yes!
There is no denying the apprehension that builds in this movie. But thanks to numerous lighter moments, I was able to unclench my fists from time to time.
As a thriller it's not that thrilling. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sex, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
It gets to the point that if a space monkey wielding a gun showed up, it wouldn't be at all surprising.
Foster isn't identifying financial world crimes in "Money Monster," she's celebrating them, turning personal ruin and chilling corruption into fodder for an exceptionally tedious thriller.
There's a lot of excitable talk about algorithms (or "algos"), the overuse of the term perhaps fitting for a film that seems to have been constructed not by humans but by binary code.
A popcorn indictment of the sort of unrestrained and unregulated financial sleight-of-hand that was handled so much better in The Big Short.
Although Clooney and Roberts give good performances, Jodie Foster's Money Monster pulls its punches for a convenient, pat ending."
Forget the suspension of disbelief; Money Monster calls for the complete and total expulsion of disbelief.
Absurdity probably makes "Money Monster" a more entertaining film than it should be . . .
Clooney's character swaggers about the studio, using macho catchphrases like "Let's throw some punches," or "Get some b----." If only the movie he was in would heed his advice.
This isn't a particularly intelligent film, and I think it knows that. But if you accept it for what it is - a pulpy B-movie - you're in for an immensely satisfying time.
Add a star if you really, really hate The Man.
Been there, done. Clooney and Roberts back and forth saves the film and makes it worth a view. But it has two negatives: Absolutely nowhere to go and zip for tension.
A taut thriller that you'll find yourself vaguely remembering eight years from now as being "pretty good."
Directed by Jodie Foster with zippy panache that elevates the sometimes witty but tired and contrived material, "Money Monster" makes few heavy points (even though it tries) while scoring as a smart thriller. Call it 'Broadcast News' with a bomb.
A hostage thriller with barely any tension. A recession-era cri de cur without much fervor. A star vehicle that thumbs its nose at the common man it purports to represent.
Money Monster is a more than solid film for those adults who don't own a Captain America costume.
A clever financial thriller with comic overtones that's a solid investment of your time thanks to stellar work by George Clooney and Julia Roberts.
In a different year, Money Monster might just be another solidly entertaining thriller with an admirable script; in 2016, it feels like the movie of the moment.
'Dog Day Afternoon' for dough-brains.
An embarrassingly predictable, poorly performed, woefully scripted, pedestrian thriller.
A slick and satisfying vehicle for the capital-M/capital-S charisma of two of Hollywood's most reliable Movie Stars.
It's 'Dog Day Afternoon' meets 'Network' meets 'Inside Man' meets 'The King of Comedy' and that's far too many 'meets' to strike an original cord.
(Director Jodie) Foster and her cast deftly tap into the anger and distrust that is percolating in the country today about Wall Street, big business and the people who run it all.
The movie feels strangely out of step and small.
One long series of narrative gotchas masquerading as moral or intellectual sophistication before finally revealing that it offers nothing more than world-weary sentimentality.
A mildly ridiculous thriller with a bafflingly impressive pedigree.
Director Jodie Foster shows an impressive command of the language of film and a discerning eye for the gulf between the way we think of ourselves and the way we are.
Try as it might to tap into such previous populist films as "Network" or perhaps more appropriately, "Dog Day Afternoon," it undercuts its own potential importance by being overly simplistic.
The cast and Foster's direction make it a film worth investing a little time in.
The thriller isn't without its moments, but they all add up to a tonally awkward and emotionally distant experience.
I'm up for a good tarring of the corporate class as much as any pinko member of the lamestream media, but even I have my limits, and Money Monster runs over those limits with the subtlety of a SWAT team.
A tense and well narrated film, that's always something to be thankful of... [Full review in Spanish]
Money Monster" isn't solid gold, but it is worth the investment to see the rich acting work by Clooney and O'Connell and the solid direction by Foster.
It's easy to see it as a drama that fails to fully address America's shortcomings. It's actually something better: an insightful comedy about human perspective.
In a world that already has The Big Short, Money Monster just feels increasingly unnecessary.
Slick but superficial, Jodie Foster's comedy-drama about stock market manipulation feels slightly behind-the-curve, but it's buoyed by a couple of genuine star turns.
[F]orget the 2008 financial crisis. The message of Money Monster would probably feel quaint at any point after the market crash of 1929.
Verbally snappy, ticking-clock, balls-in-the-air near-real-time hostage thriller-media satire... compact and expansive, breezy and bitter... a head-rush of twists and turns, behavioral asides. explicit, angry political exchanges and deeply dark passages.
Dressed up in social relevance, Jodie Foster's movie is really just an old-fashioned thriller, which is nothing to be ashamed of.
Plays it straight with a topic that in reality is far more twisted.
If Bernie Sanders is elected president, Money Monster will be the only movie allowed on Air Force One.
A thriller that runs on human foibles, a feeling for how today's tech-driven world works and an actual sense of humor, even if it's more about good vibes than good jokes.
A satire about television that feels like it was made by the kind of people who claim they don't even watch TV.
Money Monster might not be a great movie, but it is a comforting movie-movie that's still fun to watch even if it whiffed on being something more.
Sometimes very funny and occasionally legitimately tense.
The film could be better -- and it should be better, considering the depth of the talent involved.
Foster, directing from a script by Jamie Linden, Alan DiFiore and Jim Kouf, lets the hostage drama play out in the foreground while slyly building a secondary layer of drama.
The plot, told almost in real time, is full of unbelievable situations. We see characters run, get upset, and be chased, however, the dramatic tension is almost non existent. [Full review in Spanish]
Money Monster is a lean thriller. It points a damning finger at the financial tycoons and media apparatus that enable billion dollar swindles.
Heavy stuff, and as far as entertaining diversions go, you can do a lot worse than Money Monster.
A potentially topical thriller marred by pandering dialogue and clumsy plotting. Spend your money elsewhere.
It's well made, juicily acted, a fun watch, but for all its financial-vigilante noise, the movie's a slick Hollywood response to the depredations of Wall Street.
A polemic disguised as a thriller ...
A film that is both less entertaining and less significant than it imagines.
Money Monster boasts nary an authentically surprising, witty or emotional moment.
Jodie Foster manages the interlocking tones of outrage and low humor with an unfailing rhythm and an engagingly casual cynicism.
A movie that says so little does not deserve this star-studded cast.
Kind of like a more accessible The Big Short that doesn't try to talk down to moviegoers.
Money Monster is riveting entertainment, a heart-pounding, edge-of-your-seat exercise that doesn't let up for a minute.
Unfortunately, despite a surfeit of talent in front of and behind the camera, the movie is unable to overcome a shaky narrative whose increasing preposterousness ensures it's difficult to take seriously.
Spoon-fed financial caper. Suffers greatly in comparison with The Big Short.
You will not necessarily learn anything here about how TV or high finance really work, but you will be invited to enjoy the illusion of such enlightenment in the skilled and charismatic company of Julia Roberts and George Clooney.
Foster's skills as a director and Clooney's, Roberts', and O'Connell's professionalism take this moralist thriller to a great place. [Full review in Spanish]
There's lots of glossy fun to be had. Clooney attacks the role of a journalist who rediscovers his conscience in real time with sticky-fingered glee, while Roberts is beguilingly composed as... his conscience, superego and puppeteer.
Unfolding in real time, Money Monster hints at being a more taut, topical thriller than it turns out to be. While always compulsively watchable, and often surprisingly funny, it loses some of its steam once it becomes clear where it's going.
Foster moves her film from a pulse-quickening nail-biter to an incisive look at a beleaguered America undergoing a crisis of faith.
I couldn't tell whether the film was intended to be a comedy; as it became more and more improbable, both predictable and ludicrous at once, I heard audience members chortle again and again. Were they laughing with "Money Monster" or at it?
"Money Monster" is better than a mere statement of the times. It's terrific entertainment, and it deserves to be seen now.
While it often feels like Foster's instincts as a director outpace the abilities of her screenwriting team, what she delivers is infernally attractive.
Money Monster should turn into some kind of a nail-biter, but Foster, a novice at suspenseful filmmaking, doesn't seem to know which screws to tighten or if screws even need tightening at all.
Money Monster reverberates with echoes of Network and Dog Day Afternoon with a Big Short vibe, yet its quick discoveries and narrative shortcuts undermine the dramatic intensity that Foster clearly intended.
Foster has crafted a piece that, in places, proves to actually be funnier than might be expected, and she gets the most out of her fellow A-listers ...
It recognizes the inchoate anger of people who suddenly realize they've been duped by a fast-talking hustler who promised gold but delivered dirt.
Taut as a tug-of-war rope, timely corporate thriller "Money Monster" has not an ounce of fat on its slickly efficient, exceptionally self-assured bones.
Not quite the sophisticated drama the era deserves, but not the usual adrenaline-addled genre exercise, either.
This unpersuasive thriller wants to examine the poisonous allure of cable news, the obscenity of Wall Street corruption, and the widening gap between the haves and have-nots. But director Jodie Foster fails to bring anything incisive to the story.
Foster navigates the tonal shifts with ease, and her actors follow.
The movie itself feels a little out of date, taking place in the present, but emotionally invoking a world of Enrons, Bernie Madoffs, tech bubbles and Wall Street meltdowns.
As a solid B-movie elevated by A-list talent and pushed along by a brisk running time-it's only 98 minutes-Money has its own rewards.
The film whirs along with such entertaining efficiency that you may not realize that, by the end, it has shifted its blame ...
This is no masterpiece, but it's amiable slice of popcorn entertainment.
Foster's film sweeps most reservations aside with its careering momentum. It's nippy, nasty and (at least as significant) just 98 minutes long.
A solid screenplay, an engaging cast and a precise directorial control of tone, Money Maker is a riveting exploration in contemporary society.
It's a film with absolutely nothing going on.
The only difference between Clooney's character and real-life TV shills like Jim Cramer is we may not want him blown up by the end.
Even if Money Monster ultimately gets held hostage by its plot intricacies, Clooney, Roberts, O'Connell, and Foster do their jobs. It's a movie worth investing in.
An ordinary film about an extraordinary situation.
Never as savage as the first-act anarchy suggests, 'Money Monster's best ideas are subsumed by familiar thriller concepts.
Clooney provides the glue. Like director Foster, he has a genuine interest in making commercial movies that matter, at least a little bit - movies that engage with questions of media hypocrisy and financial outrages.
Ultimately, "Money Monster" is always watchable - but forgets to give us a compelling reason to watch.
The film hangs together surprisingly well, thanks to on-point performances from George Clooney and Julia Roberts, a sprinkle of obtuse humor and Foster's streamlined direction ...
If only our Economics classes were as exciting as this darkly humorous look at high finance!
Unfolding like Dog Day Afternoon meets The Big Short, the film attempts to hold the Wall Street elite accountable ... but operates more successfully when simply looking to entertain.
Relevant to our times, Money Monster is a welcomed breath of fresh air in this storm of superheros and blockbusters. [Full review in Spanish]

@highlight

Money Monster 's strong cast and solidly written story ride a timely wave of socioeconomic anger that's powerful enough to overcome an occasionally muddled approach to its worthy themes.