It's topical journalism for its own sake, a narrative waiting for someone to report it again...
Red Army is a fascinating window into Russian politics, and while it has its dramatic moments it's just as often funny.
By focusing less on his characters and more on a supposed dark side of Russian hockey, Polsky's film is less documentary than it is didacticism.
There's a lesson here for fans of any contemporary sport and an absolutely thrilling tale, impeccably assembled besides. Sporting glory awaits, even for those viewers who couldn't tell a jockstrap from a jellybean.
Part of the interest in watching Red Army is in gauging the fluctuating relationship between Polsky and his chief subject: Fetisov can be distinctly laconic, appearing to give up his time and memories rather reluctantly.
Red Army keeps a light tone even when dealing with serious issues, and is chock-full of great stock footage.
It is fascinating viewing and this unfolds so much like a feature film it's remarkable the movie rights haven't already been snapped up. Someone call Stallone.
Through a vivid collection of clips and interviews, this enlightening, rousing documentary shows us how these proud but cautious athletes have a complex love-hate relationship with the place they call home.
What's really fascinating is the way the story evolves, with director Gabe Polsky following the story post-glasnost as the Russian players became viable commodities in the big-money National Hockey League.
A fascinating film, funny and at times properly moving.
Polsky's documentary is nominally about ice hockey, but culture and politics provide the driving force as the Russians go head to head with the Americans in a battle of ideology, economics and art.
Whether you enjoy sports or not you'll be entertained and enlightened by Polsky's tale of the cold war played out on the ice rink.
The interviews are as entertaining as the slick interplay on the ice.
Through interviews and file footage, Fetisov becomes the human protagonist at the heart of a story that says as much about the USSR as it does about hockey.
If you weren't around in the 80s to hear the tales of the Soviet Union's hockey squad, Gabe Polsky's Red Army brings them to vivid life.
Who knew that a documentary on the Soviet Union's Red Army ice hockey team would be so gripping and provide a perfect microcosm of the stages of the Cold War, Perestroika and Putin's reign?
A fascinating and touching tale.
It's a wonderful piece of historical storytelling, bittersweet and at times quite moving.
All this is told with a brilliant mix of archival footage and interviews, with Fetisov, now back in Russia and minister of sport, providing much of the commentary.
"Red Army" fits the bill, bringing humanity, politics and historical perspective to its story of the Russian hockey team during the Cold War and after.
The sports story is also our entry into a culture, and this hockey film provides no less than a sideways look into the way that communist USSR controlled its athletes...
For the Soviet team, hockey is an apt metaphor for the Cold War
Slick but superficial.
You don't need to be a hockey fan to appreciate this fascinating glimpse behind the scenes of the feared Soviet national hockey program.
Like many of the great sports documentaries, it's about more than sports. And it's also one of the greats.
...an absorbing and incisive study of the bonds of nation and teams, of individual dreams sublimated for a greater good.
The stakes were a good deal more than just winning or losing on the ice
An always entertaining if occasionally ice-thin 'hockumentary'...
A fascinating documentary that's more than a sports story.
A fresh take on the material.
A moving and endlessly interesting portrait of the Soviet team and its many travails.
Through a treasure trove of archival footage and some revealing interviews, Polsky deftly depicts how the squad's fortunes paralleled those of the Soviet system.
A fast-moving, fascinating and at times even fun documentary residing squarely at the intersection of sports and geopolitical history.
Fascinating, funny, heroic, moving and may even make hockey fans out of nonbelievers.
Bears on ice skates!
The Cold War through the lens of hockey's Red Army. A constructivist research project in documentary form.
Director Gabe Polsky's tremendous documentary is Fetisov's story, but it is also a penetrating indictment of the Cold War practices of the Soviet Union and its mistreatment of some of the greatest athletes in history.
It's a mark of Polsky's ambition and canniness that he braids hockey not just with geopolitics but also with personal history and human drama.
At one point Festisov responds to a prompt by pointing out that he's not a historian. Neither is Polsky, and their exchange is not of much historical value.
What Red Army loses in comprehensiveness, it makes up for in entertainment value.
Polsky keeps things lively, both visually and with his editing. But the sometimes-lighthearted approach never undermines the serious business at hand.
Polsky uses the language of revved-up, emotional sports documentary cinema, but only so he can apply it to America's old enemies.
On the surface it's the story of one particular hockey player, but it reflects so much more.
It's a story of global consequences and historic proportions, and of astounding athleticism and synchronicity - and filmmaker Polsky ices it.
Wittily edited and beautifully scored, "Red Army" is not just a terrific film but an important one - even if you don't give two hoots about ice hockey.
Sports, and hockey in particular, were a propaganda tool for the communist system, which is richly illustrated here in archival footage and poster art.
Though you don't have to be a sports fan to find the background interesting -- or the on-ice choreography beautiful, there's something particularly poignant in their shared love of the sport.
"Red Army" is one of the best documentaries from 2014
Fetisov is a jovial, imperious guide through an era of Cold War politics, when sports were a battleground between East and West and no sport was more important to the Soviets than hockey.
From its zippy opening to the hilariously unexpected finale, "Red Army" never misses a beat. It's a miracle on ice all its own.
Polsky's dynamic look at the recent history of Russian hockey and many of its greatest players is not only one of the great sports documentaries but a unique take on the Cold War.
A slap shot snapshot that goes deep, peeling back the Iron Curtain for fast, fascinating, and even funny insight into the collective nature of athleticism...
There are enough pieces of this story missing or detached from context that hockey here does start to become the kind of metaphor that the movie seems to want to avoid.
This engaging documentary provocatively suggests that the team succeeded in large part because of communist indoctrination.
Polsky combines purposeful archival footage, interviews with the original players and commentaries from journalists and experts in analyzing the effectiveness of using the hockey team as part of the expansive Soviet propaganda machine.
An easy-to-digest history lesson that still reverberates on today's geopolitical landscape. As they say in hockey, Polsky pulls off a hat trick.
Polsky winds up being as canny a storyteller as his subject - whom he gratifyingly and hilariously prevents from having the last word.
Audiences knowing nothing about hockey will still be able to appreciate this movie as a somewhat jaunty take on the cold war and its aftermath - and resurgence.
Fascinating documentary about legendary Soviet hockey team.
Red Army is Gabe Polsky's compelling but skewed documentary on the Soviets' less-than-sporting mentality when it came to the international skating and puck-shooting game.
No need to be a sports fan to become enthralled with "Red Army." The documentary held me in its grip from start to finish.
"'Red Army' is a thoughtful and cheer-worthy examination of how sports can shape cultures, redraw borders and change history."
I can't recall the last time I saw a documentary in which the people behind the camera were so clearly out of their depth as they are in Red Army.
Game clips are exciting and illustrate East-West differences of style and ways of thinking, but the real though subsurface subject is the breakup of the USSR and the forging of present-day Russia.
Emotionally charged, viscerally exciting and consistently enlightening, Gabe Polsky's "Red Army" is a sports documentary like no other.
Even if you know it's the story of a legendary hockey team and not the fierce Soviet-era military machine, you will be surprised by its sociopolitical and personal content and the engaging way it tells its story.
With dark humor and an epic sweep characteristic of Executive Producer Werner Herzog, Red Army sides not with nations or ideologies but with the transcendent powers of sport.
This feature documentary is far more artful than it first lets on; often it's downright droll.
If nothing else, this film makes the case that the Cold War robbed sports fans of the chance to watch and appreciate one of the greatest collections of athletes ever assembled.
While Polsky's film expertly recounts the political and cultural tensions of the time through archival clips and revealing new interviews, it really comes to life whenever Fetisov is on camera.
Deserves a big boo-yah from audiences for being hugely entertaining, but the thorny subject of what constitutes national identity comes through loud and clear.
A fast-moving story of friendship and of hockey anchored by an interview with the charismatic ex-player Slava Fetisov.
If you're a hockey fan, Red Army is a must-see, and even if you're not, it's worth your time for its view of life behind the Iron Curtain.
The mercurial Fetisov is the kind of interview subject filmmakers dream about, and Polsky knows it; the director lets their charmingly offhand relationship bleed onto the screen, flipped birds and all.
Well-made and entertaining, "Red Army" is also slick and too superficially diverting to linger in one's memory.
An eye-opening and upbeat look at "the Other Side" on the ice-covered battleground of the once and future Cold War
Red Army has laid the groundwork for something complex: It reveals the strengths of the Soviet athletic program and the weaknesses of our own, which shares the same flaws as capitalism.
Like the high-speed weaving and passing of the Red Army team, his movie is fun to watch, but actually very complicated.
"Red Army" touches on themes of friendship and perseverance, and also offers a compact and vivid summary of recent Russian history.
The film's curiosity about the people who played for the Soviet's national team naturally unearths a reservoir of humanity.
The Soviet era is more interesting than the NHL years, but still, the film is entertaining even for ardent nonfans.
You don't have to be a sports fan or a Cold War buff to relish the compelling political investigation and fierce rink action in this brisk, terrific movie.
Polsky is sometimes awkward in his questioning, but he spurs his interviewees to serious reflection and even nostalgia.
If the Olympic Games tend to encourage an extremely nationalistic perspective in players and fans, Polsky, through Viacheslav Fetisov's story, discovers the gray areas in playing for one's country.
Fascinating documentary about the Russian hockey team that reflected Communism at its best and worst.
"Red Army" deserves a wide audience and should even play better for those who don't care one iota about hockey, mostly because it's so entertaining and character-driven.
A crowd-pleasing documentary about the adventures of the Soviet national ice-hockey team.
Cut to play like an arc of sporting triumph, with its politics allowing the audience to cheer on the downfall of tyranny while holding close a cuddly collective ideal
Red Army is an insightful, riveting look at sports, politics and patriotism that should even entertain those who do not care for hockey.
There is some genuinely emotional material here, and like the very best sports documentaries, this uses the sports story to discuss society, human behavior, politics, and modern history.
Red Army is executive produced by Werner Herzog and Polsky borrows some his impishness. He makes sport of the old guard's rebuffs.
A slick, witty, fast-moving blend of sports story and history lesson with clear appeal beyond the hockey-fan demographic.
A terrifically engaging flashback to the glory days of the Soviet national ice hockey team.
Red Army can sit comfortably beside such great sports docs as When Were Kings, Senna and Once in a Lifetime.
Quite simply, Red Army is fabulous, one of the most fun and fascinating films of the year.

@highlight

Fun and fascinating, Red Army delivers absorbing documentary drama for hockey fans and sports novices alike.