The classic emotional sport movie with a touch of drama. [Full review in Spanish]
Cena?s a game actor, but imagining him in the same gene pool as the petite Clarkson or the scrawny Graye is too much of a stretch.
Not nearly cinematic enough or well-written enough to take that doozy of a step that so often separates "inspirational" and "hokey."
As schmaltzy after-school special/Hallmark Hall of Fame family fare goes, Legendary isn't so bad.
There is something comical about the way the movie tries to integrate Cena's massively muscled torso into its chosen atmosphere of casual realism. He looks like something out of Transformers.
Clarkson cries on cue, perhaps recalling what an awful film she's in.
Follows a straight narrative line to its cliched ending without a deviation from formula.
Predictable but moving sports drama goes beyond wrestling.
Even in our current culture of devalued vocabulary, it takes a lot of chutzpah to make a movie about a high school kid who wins a few wrestling matches and title it 'Legendary.'
This isn't paint by numbers - it's color by numbers, with dull crayons. The only reason to see it is if you happen to want to be a Patricia Clarkson completist.
Exactly what you might expect, right down to the montage of blindfolded tussling, jogging and high-fives to the tune of unrelenting inspirational music.
It may not live up to that grandiose title, but this rousingly sweet little flick is certainly nothing to go out of your way to avoid.
A by-the-numbers sports drama with a death grip on clichés and acting every bit as flat as the mat...
Stix Dig Hick Pix? A firmly Middle American high-school drama, set in small-town Oklahoma, about classical wrestling, starring a sports-entertainment wrestler and produced by World Wrestling Entertainment.
The kind of fake movie that you sometimes see in the background of real movies as a joke.
Better thesped and helmed than its schmaltzy premise probably warrants.
Legendary relies heavily on veteran actors Patricia Clarkson and Danny Glover. However good they are, they're incapable of making it any better than a made-for-TV movie.
Patricia Clarkson's charismatic warmth elevates an awkward inspirational sports drama.
Every emotional moment is punctuated by plinking piano, and every wrestling match is underscored by hard rock.
An unpretentious film with a predictable storyline benefits from some sharp dialog and the always watchable Patricia Clarkson.
Riddled with as many predictable moves as any pro wrestling match...so trite a collection of cliches that it wouldn't even pass muster as a Hallmark special.
For a movie with a star wrestler at the center of it, Legendary doesn't pack much of a punch.
A school wrestling drama so mired in family-film clichés it can never shake loose the suspicion that -- not unlike certain high-gloss mat bouts -- the emotional fix is in from the get-go.
Will the whole family come together and heal its wounds? The answer is as contrived as the outcome of a WWE match.
Like the inspirational sagas that show up on low-grade cable, Legendary follows a familiar blueprint designed for maximum feel-good effect.
1985's Vision Quest is still the best movie on the subject, and that isn't saying much.
low-key and refreshingly simple
Finally, WWE Studios has made a film that wouldn't feel out of place on the Hallmark Channel.
Through all the emotional heaves and tosses, Cena is dead on. Unfortunately, the direction by Mel Damski isn't.
Legendary is so intent on paying heartfelt tribute to dogged young athletes that it neglects basic story needs.
It's a feel-good Kleenex(TM) dispenser of a movie, and there's nothing necessarily wrong with that, but it's routine Hallmark Hall of Afterschool Special material.
A well-meaning dud that'll put you out faster than a sleeper hold.
The script, by actor turned writer John Posey, has structural problems and motivational issues in between the cliches. And Cena, a few movies into his career, is still all presence and no acting.
Talk about movies that cannot possibly live up to their titles.
An after-school special on steroids, Legendary is the story of a fake wrestler teaching his kid brother how to be a real wrestler.
A wonderfully crafted coming-of-age drama about the love that can heal the brokenness of an estranged family.
It's as if the filmmakers swallowed the sports-movie handbook and regurgitated every cliché in half-digested form.
[A] slow drip of high-fructose corn syrup.
Patricia Clarkson knocks an especially solid home-run as Sharon, a small-town mother of two polar-opposite sons.
A down-home fable of familial healing that asks wrestling star John Cena to hold his weight opposite Patricia Clarkson.
John Cena radiates subdued menace and cool daring on screen. The problem is that he's intended as strictly dramatic wallpaper to this more suds than steroids coming of age wrestler story derivative of countless other sports tales.
...the good-hearted nature of the film and the solid cast helps to pull John Posey's stodgy screenplay up from the boot straps. The result is an entertaining Rocky style story in more ways than one.
This schmaltz is better suited for TV's Hallmark Hall of Fame.

@highlight

Maudlin, predictable, and clichéd, Legendary pins its talented cast under a heavy layer of formulaic schmaltz.