I like the actors, but the movie did them no justice.
A Tyler Perry movie for white folks.
Although co-written by Vince Vaughn & Jon Favreau, their magic of past is scantly seen.
Couples Retreat is a lazy, unimaginative comedy that, with the talent on show, should have been a whole lot more than another boring rom-com to throw on the pile.
...an utterly incompetent comedic affair...
A bit of a guilty pleasure. But, most of the humor falls flat. Interesting that it's a Vince Vaughn vehicle that doesn't give Vaughn enough to do. Paul Chambers, CNN.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Instead of being a sharp, witty comedy about married couples experiencing vacation therapy together, it's more of a pinheads-in-paradise routine with only a few funny lines.
It's some kind of trick when a film can make Jason Bateman look unsubtle.
Somewhere in all of this, there is the potential for a pretty good comedy, but this movie isn't it.
The vapid couples become sniping or sarcastic chunks of white blandness even sharks would spit back up. A kind of bad video-game romance-comedy: 2D characters, flat dialogue, an exotic backdrop, and lame new levels of relationship challenges.
Couples is so formulaic, so fake and relentlessly bland, it's hard to care if any of these pairings get a divorce, drown or are eaten by sharks. It has neither the ring of truth nor the fun of fantasy.
Jon Favreau and Vince Vaughn, wrote the witless script, so have only themselves to blame.
The debutant director is done no favours by a screenplay from Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau which gives him little to play with and them few chances to shine as actors.
A patchwork collection of derivative gags and relationship drama that seems leftover from old 'thirtysomething' episodes.
Retreat as quickly as possible.
For all its visual splendor, to say nothing of its likable cast, the movie never feels as liberating as its locale.
Why couldn't Couples Retreat have been lighthearted and zany throughout, instead of trying to push across a message about picket-fence monogamy?
Couples Retreat comes across as a movie that was made... because it was felt that if the right buttons were pushed, this might make money.
That the wonderful French actor Jean Reno plays the therapist is a sign that his agent is not doing a good enough job finding him film roles in American movies.
This couples-in-conflict comedy starts strongly but then slips into the turquoise water of paradise lost.
Bora Bora was a beautiful location to film at and added that much needed taste of paradise to a rather bitter sweet subject of a troubled marriage.
A rom-com short on romance and even shorter on laughs.
Three of the four principal guys in this comedy are well over 15 stone - making them clinically obese by their body mass indexes. They need to lose weight not lessons in "couples skills building."
Expectations of farce are stymied by long stretches of mid-life navel gazing.
Rather like an unsuitable partner, Couples Retreat starts out fun before gradually getting annoying and then becoming downright aggravating. While it's not the worst film ever, there are times when it feels as irritating as sunburn.
It is this vanity, this overweening self-regard, that makes Couples Retreat such a chore to sit through.
A loo book written by Pol Pot would have more laughs than this chillingly unfunny, cynically prefabricated non-comedy.
The only thing that will keep your attention for the duration is the stunning Tahitian scenery that acts the films setting. On reflection this is probably what swayed most of the cast to sign up to this inane guff of a film in the first place.
Entertainment on a par with sitting through your neighbours' holiday slideshow.
Universal's latest is merely adequate, and will likely be best enjoyed by the happily indulgent and mildly inebriated.
About as much fun as having a holiday ruined by bickering, self-involved couples, this is one romcom you really should retreat from.
A trip to the innermost circle of comedy hell.
A comedy deserving to be buried up to its head in sand, drizzled in cooking oil and then left to fry until crispy.
Fewer laughs than the average episode of ITV's Benidorm.
Sadly for us though, Favreau and Vaughn are likely to continue their profitable relationship for some time to come.
If it were a send-up of couples therapy and its absurd language the film would at least be about something, but it hasn't even that much intelligence.
Vaughn manages to grab more screen time to showcase his charisma but do we really need to watch his midlife crisis unfold over the course of nearly two hours?
The script for this comedy is so half-baked that we begin to wonder why it was made at all. Not only is it resolutely unfunny, but it never dips beneath a superficial examination of relationship cliches.
Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau further damage their credibility (though not their bank balances) with another lazy, underwritten comedy.
...truly dismal...This is a movie to avoid.
Director Billingsley, who once played Ralphie in 1983's "A Christmas Story," should have picked up that old BB gun of his and blown the hell out of the script before he ever signed on to make a movie out of it.
Floundering, only intermittently funny. Wait for the dvd.
Hugely disappointing, painfully unfunny comedy that completely wastes its talented cast and then compounds the misery with a dismal script.
Couples, retreat: this movie has the power to make any date feel as endless and soul-sucking as the lifetime's worth of defective, hateful marriages that doom the film's protagonists.
It's too easy to say that Peter Billingsley shot his eye out with this inept comic trifle, but...well, he shot his eye out.
The actresses are so wasted, they're even demoted to fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth billing under every one of the dudes. At least the guys aren't having fun either.
Good for some laughs and some likable characters; Vaughn and Favreau stand out while Bateman fades into the background
a Tyler Perry movie for the rest of America, without so much melodrama
It's hard to imagine that the thoroughly mediocre and paint-by-numbers romantic comedy "Couples Retreat" was written by the same guy who brought the world Swingers 15 years ago.
A bit like getting relationship advice from a clown. A really, really unfunny one.
Although it has its moments, Couples Retreat isn't so much a movie but rather a giant excuse for some real-life BFFs to hang out in South Pacific.
Tawdry and tedious, 'Couples Retreat' is a retread of the almost equally unfunny 'License to Wed.'
Mandatory marriage counseling ruins vacation in battle-of-the-sexes sitcom.
With Couple's Retreat, we're hoping for a Wedding Crashers redux we can turn into a date night. But all we get is something else to bitch about.
I feel no pity for Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau who co-wrote the piece. For their co-stars...we hope this career-killer is worth the paycheck.
The secret to a happy marriage involves falling in love over and over again with the same person. 'Couples Retreat' offers an amusing illustration of that old saying.
We have another durable candidate for a slew of Razzie Awards... Vaughn plays the same persona in every movie. He has a blustery, cocksure swagger on the outside while hiding his deep-seated insecurities.
The former swingers settle for standard gags in the moderately amusing Couples Retreat
For a great deal of its running time it is raw, uncompromising and very, very funny, and even when things hit a dry spell I was still moved and amused enough to not particularly care.
The twosome that sparks most agreeably is Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau. ... The humor isn't always highbrow, but it works.
Couples Retreat is like watching somebody's boring vacation videos, except that they're filled with big stars.
This is one of those films, like last week's Whip It and so many others of late, that looks like it was a lot fun to make. It's just not all that much fun to watch.
The "retreat" in the title is surely a warning to any potential ticket buyers.
Couples Retreat is a comedy/drama mix, but it's mostly the comedy parts that work.
Vaughn and Favreau sprinkle in a couple of hilarious jokes throughout but that does not save this formulaic, cliché and horribly paced comedy
There are also scenes, the disjointed kind that wander off aimlessly in the vague hope of finding a movie, not to mention a laugh.
Couples Retreat is a comedy of exhaustion. But it is the comedy itself, in both concept and execution, that seems tired.
Greatly silly and unexpectedly wise at times.
You know those comedies that hit a little dry spell and have a hard time recovering? Couples Retreat has one that lasts about, oh, 90 minutes.
This deeply unfunny film is further proof that movie comedy these days -- in its acting, writing, directing -- is far below the average sitcom.
While Billingsley acquits himself well in the directing department, it's the script that finally sinks (this film).
Has nothing to offer but a lively ensemble cast and beautiful scenery while falling flat as a comedy that's painfully low on laughs and high on juvenile, asinine and uninspired attempts at humor.
If battering an audience in the face with Jon Favreau's waxed bosoms for 102 minutes now qualifies as comedy, I never want to laugh again.
during the shark attack . . . the sympathy was not necessarily with the humans in the water
At least Vince Vaughn, Jon Favreau and their fellow cast and crewmates were able to spend time on a gorgeous tropical island while making this mirthless, half-hearted relationship comedy.
Instead of capitalizing on some original issues, the tired standards are glossed over and solved, but not in a funny way.
All the marriage-mending becomes really tiresome when all we want is some laughs.
A loud, crude, dreary misfire that feels like it was cobbled together from material cut from other lousy comedies.
The only way to look at Couples Retreat as a bookend to Swingers is to note how far these two talented stars have fallen.
By the time it starts getting dramatic, I was rooting for each one of them to get a divorce.
The whole production just comes off as a paid vacation at Club Med for Vaughn and friends.
Couples Retreat has an eye, and ear, for the way relationships fall apart terribly slowly and then all at once. What it lacks is a truly concentrated comedy punch, preferring instead to land a series of scattered jabs from the 16 arms of its eight leads.
A giant black hole in the center of the comedy universe sucking in the best ideas and situations from other entities into an inescapable ride to nothingness.
For those of us who were weened on the idea that we're all "money, and we don't even know it" Couples Retreat is a little difficult to see, but is it bad? Not entirely. It's not entirely good either.
Like most of Universal's offerings this year, you have to wonder exactly who (besides masochists) they thought would actually want to see Couples Retreat in a theater.
Couples Retreat is neither funny nor honest. The exact opposite of a retreat, it's merely exhausting.
Beneath the ham acting and the relentless banter is a serious movie about relationships. We're being sold laughs, but a few sober thoughts are delivered.
It's too bad Couples Retreat is so poorly written and conceived, given the talented cast and chemistry between Vaughn and pal Favreau. We're meant to relate to these hapless folks or laugh at their foibles, but more often we wince.
Earnest, not particularly funny, and ultimately unforgivably sentimental. Somewhere along the way someone forgot humour.
Vaughn, Favreau and company phone it in - all the way from Bora Bora - in this lame relationship comedy.
Aside from a few almost accidental Vaughn- and Bateman-isms, there is not an amusing moment in the entire 107-minute film -- and no insight, or heart, or even genuine sweetness, either.
The film maintains a sufficiently pleasant comic vibe as the couples bicker and pick away at each other, but director Peter Billingsley never really brings matters to a satisfying boil.
The cast's enthusiasm goes a long way toward keeping the whole mediocre affair from becoming completely intolerable.
This is what passes for middle of the road comedy these days, safe without being prudish, never too disturbing, never too funny.
Couples Retreat turns out to be a sloppy, choppy mess.
If an easy watch is what you're after this will do the trick, simply keep expectations at a modest level and it won't be a waste of time.
Despite the potential for humour from the couples and their relationship problems, the script relies on lame situation jokes.
It's been 13 years since Swingers. Couples Retreat is a very different film from writers leading very different lives. It's fast paced. Its a bunch of skits book-ended with story. And it's a lot of fun.
Couples Retreat is ridiculous and whorish, but the minds behind it are too sharp to simply leave it at that.
Doesn't have either the guts or wherewithal to follow through with the humor and stick to its setup.
Couples Retreat is an unending parade of offensive scenes, a tedious cavalcade of miserable, shallow people with whom we are no doubt supposed to identify but with whom we should hope to see nothing in common.
Vaughn/Favreau marriage comedy has lots of sex, drinking.
The end result, sad to say, is just about as entertaining as watching someone else's home movies for two solid hours
Parental Content Review
Kinda stupid, kinda funny. It's the ultimate fall film.
It's not that the laughs aren't there, it's just that they're telegraphed.
What's depressing is that there's hardly a creative spark in this sour, offensive, contrived story, and its sloppiness is more consistent than its comedy.
Offers nothing new to the tropical vacation comedy ... not even the funniest bits from the commercials really stack up to much of the cast's weakest work to date.
A marriage-renewal comedy with a decent cast, a few good ideas and no clear grasp on what to do with them.
Enjoy the stunning South Pacific views, but don't expect some enchanted evening.
The acting is a mixed bag. Jon Favreau and Faizon Love, who never hit a false note, are the standouts.
If you must, go for the scenery.
The various therapies -- talk, yoga, massage -- serve only to set up tired insult humor and smarmy sight gags.
Trouble in paradise. That's the overly familiar premise of this sun-poisoned comedy.
Ever go on a vacation where most of the people around seem to be having more fun than you? Then you already know what it'll feel like to visit Couples Retreat.
There's only one winner in this film, and it's Applebee's. Take my word for it and watch some Travel Channel instead.
The cast got to spend a month shooting on Bora Bora. So that explains why they're in the movie. Why you'd spend good money for a ticket to watch them have all the fun and not have any fun yourself passes understanding.
Couples Retreat is a pleasant, undemanding, middle-of-the-road comedy, and really, were you expecting anything else?
Billingsley does a good job on selling the beauty of the island, but only a serviceable one in telling this story. Then again, there isn't all that much to tell.
We just keep wishing they would get out of the way and let us enjoy the pretty scenery.
Imagine that you are listening in on the marriage-counseling sessions of the dullest couple you know. Multiply that by four, and you've got a pretty good approximation of the experience of watching Couples Retreat.
...may be set in Bora-Bora, but it's about as much fun as a lock down with an obsessive religious cult.
Watching Couples Retreat cowriters Favreau and Vince Vaughn play schlubby husbands is like showing up to your high school reunion to find that the once-sharply dressed cool guys with the fake IDs are now fat and bald. And married.
The only really funny moments in Couples Retreat are bits that were clearly ad-libbed by the film's stars, Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau.
Yes, there's pointed human comedy to be mined from the very real stresses of married life, but this bonehead idiots-in- paradise farce raises issues only to gloss them over.
It's hard to know if more convincing relationships would have made a difference in a movie so committed to funny accents and potty jokes, but at least it would have shown some effort.
After traveling to Eden with the shallow, self-involved, unpleasant twits that populate Couples Retreat, you'll be wishing they'd all have packed their bags and gone straight to hell, instead.
Might be funnier with several rum punches in hand.
It's one bland scene after another, played at medium pace with middling creativity, punctuated with a near-desperate attempt at a laugh
Couples Retreat leaves a good cast stranded without a script, although the cast isn't in much of a position to complain.
Every time the performers insinuate some fresh response, the concepts close in on them. I began to dread even the funny bits, because I knew director Peter Billingsley would milk them to death.
Before booking a ticket, I urge you to retreat.
A comedy without any identifiable humor. Retreat is dreadful, but to consider just how many gifted performers are here treading water makes the heart sick. Ralphie, how dare you.
Predictable, but humorous.
Couples, retreat.
Though I enjoy nearly everyone on-screen in Couples Retreat, I found it pretty meager and more than a little depressing.
Couples Retreat is essentially Vaughn and Favreau's baby, and it is absolutely, inexcusably terrible.
Maybe it's pointless to complain about the shocking lack of elegance to an instantly forgettable bit of multiplex fluff like Couples Retreat. It's like complaining about the food at Applebee's...
On the surface, "Couples Retreat" appears to be a quickly stitched together comedy that places a bunch of likable actors in a tropical setting for some cheap laughs. And that's exactly what it is.
The scenery makes you want to be somewhere other than a movie theater, and the movie has the same effect.
It contains little comedy, except for free-standing one-liners, and no suspense, except for the timing of the obligatory reconciliation. It doesn't even make you think you'd like to visit its island paradise.
Has no redeeming qualities whatsoever, and makes extra effort to insult its audience whenever possible.
A few funny lines and ideas emerge here and there, but Couples Retreat mostly feels repetitive and overlong at nearly two hours. You wouldn't mind getting voted off this island.
The capable cast is stuck in a movie that's rated PG-13, with flabby, middle-age pacing.
This intermittently funny tale of four couples undergoing relationship therapy struggles hard for its occasional laughs.
Those involved got to spend weeks at a Bora Bora luxury resort; all we get is this not lousy but unmemorable tropical-vacation comedy.
Ultimately comes off as merely an excuse for stars to take a vacation on the studio's%u2014and moviegoing public's%u2014dime.
Couples Retreat plays like the NBA All-Star game: What seems like a dream-team exhibition of pros at the top of their game too often turns into an undisciplined mess.
Couples, a sputtering if sporadically amusing misfire, packed a lot of actors off to a pretty location and gave them nothing funny or deep to do.
Thanks to Vaughn, Favreau, and the stray sharp lines that pop out of everyone else, the film at least offers the lively sound of egos that still know how to swing.
To avoid paying for a holiday to hell, don't see Couples Retreat. A prime contender for 2009's Worst Film, this star-studded but startlingly drab "comedy" is the kind of terrible trip you pray will be over long before it's time to go home.
If you feel like a date movie with a little romance, big laughs, witty dialogue, appealing characters and a spectacular location, this is not it... [an] embarrassment and an insult to audiences who might be conned into thinking it's escapist fun.
Mean, miserable married men. Not funny. A toddler easily steals the movie.








@highlight

Despite a talented cast and some reliably pleasant interplay between Jon Favreau and Vince Vaughn, Couples Retreat leaves viewers stranded in an arid, mirthless comedy.