Always worth a look for its all-star cast of funnymen - led by Ben Stiller, Jack Black, Robert Downey Jr. and (yes, he really is funny here) Tom Cruise.
The bulk of this movie, alas, comes down to weak sketches held together by ridiculous action, vast explosions and more or less everything else it should be parodying.
Given the incoherence of its satirical aspirations (the film does end with a suggestion that everyone involved still loves this business we call show), and finally too scattershot to really make it as parody, Tropic Thunder is best appreciated as a goof.
More exhausting than funny, though it is often both, Ben Stiller's latest excoriation of ego wears you down with its smothering, pop-savvy cynicism.
Tropic Thunder pushes more buttons than most comedies dare.
Tropic Thunder is probably the best war-movie spoof of all time, playing around with all those cliches and conventions we've seen a million times before.
Tropic Thunder is an easy film to enjoy. It appeals to the basest levels of humour without patronising its audience, while pricking the pomposity of the movie industry without going too 'meta' - this is far from self-fellation.
perfectly parodies the 'kill everything in sight and then blow it up for good measure' summer movie mentality.
Comes down to exactly the same type of heroic finale they're supposed to be parodying in the first place. You bettah off renting Rescue Dawn.
A clever structure, glorious ensemble cast and above all conviction ensure that laughter will be rippling like thunder inside the cinema.
Stiller one-ups his Zoolander fashion-world creation with Tugg Speedman, an action hero trying to revive his flagging, Sly Stallone-type career by appearing in the most expensive war movie ever made.
[Cruise] alone would make Tropic Thunder worth watching, but this shaggy, likable comedy offers up tons of other hearty laughs besides.
There are a lot of sacred entertainment industry cows being sent to the slaughter, and Stiller & co. skewer every stereotype with vicious glee.
Not a third as "dark" or "ferocious" as it believes it is
bilo je te%u0161ko izbje%u0107i jo%u0161 jednu tre%u0161nju holivudske gore koja je rodila mi%u0161a
Sure, there are some moments when the plot falls right down a gun barrel, the comedy is too over the top and the jokes are downright gross. Still, in comparison to the other slapstick comedies this year, this movie-within-a-movie strikes above the rest.
Sounds predictable and academic, but what's unexpected is how deftly Stiller manages to explore these issues and allude to war films from The Bridge on the River Kwai to Platoon to Rambo while still recognizing the value of a well-placed fart joke.
Tropic Thunder is one humongous vanity project for Ben Stiller. His initials aren't BS for nothing. If you can't get enough of bouncing Ben, Tropic Thunder is the movie for you. Ben Stiller acted in, co-wrote, produced, and directed Tropi
Is this a comedy -- or a cry for help?
Tropic Thunder turns out to be a very funny film with an immensely talented cast that will be the topic of any water cooler conversation.
Stiller's parody of Hollywood opportunism and insecurities is fairly lacerating, but perhaps could've been more so had not the whole thing been played so broadly.
Cruise is downright scary. It's the creepiest -- and most entertaining -- performance since his unforgettable appearance in that Scientology video.
The action movie has been spoofing itself for years. Half of the time it's no even intentional. Ben Stiller's hilarious and surprisingly intelligent Tropic Thunder takes the genre spoof to a new extreme.
Tropic Thunder focuses its satire on this Hollywoodization of war, as it depicts the production of a Vietnam genre film that's less "Platoon" than "Platoon Leader" with Michael Dudikoff.
A journey into Hollywood's heart of darkness.
Un excelente entretenimiento, realmente gracioso y divertido, que se permite tomarle el pelo a la misma industria de la que sale.
Even with its excess and undeniably heavy hand, this is a whole lot of fun as a satire of Hollywood, a take off on war/ action flicks and as a straight-ahead action movie.
... it attacks celebrity culture and the excesses of Hollywood filmmaking ... with a wink and slap on the back, celebrating that same culture as much as it ridicules it.
...when you throw enough gags at an audience, some of them are bound to work.
Stiller is terrific, and Downey is somewhat better than terrific -- inspired. ... Tropic Thunder really is hysterical; and it even manages, now and then, to surprise.
Though Tropic Thunder never gets so wild that it forgets about the story it's trying to tell, it's just wild enough to make the whole experience unforgettable.
The tension between what the film says and what the film does helps support one of a dozen (or so) layers of snarky, self-aware humour.
Though some of the caricatures wear thin, some of the acting rises to a high level.
Tiptoes to the fine line between irony and insight and blows it to smithereens. It's hilarious.
A delightfully entertaining, very funny movie.
A big-budgeted bust that could prove to be an embarrassment to at least a few of the bigger-name actors in its cast.
Cruise and particularly Downey are something to behold: They give this Thunder its lightning.
[A] raucous, R-rated satire of Hollywood in general, war films in particular and the actors who make them.
With so much extreme mayhem going on, keeping the comedy cooking at top levels is a daunting task Stiller pulls off with aplomb.
Tropic Thunder stops just short of going over the top with satirical humor that bites with a freshly acute sense of its own relevancy.
This comedy about movie-making that allows the cast to play knowingly with their careers and public personae. But the film feels only half as funny as it should be, falling back too often on big action sequences that are too ridiculous to work on any leve
Tropic Thunder gives us exactly what we expect of it - lashings of easy fun, spare-no-expense action, actors delightedly pushing the boat out in all-out parody and a dig at the absurdity of Hollywood that the big boys back in LA will find quite comforting
You may think I'm being a spoilsport but I'm doing you a favour by lowering your expectations. Get the beers in first and Tom Cruise jive-dancing to T-Pain's Lo in a hairy fat suit may well be the funniest thing you've seen that evening.
The Hollywood comedy Tropic Thunder comes at us like a mad army cresting a hill, intent on audience massacre. My advice: shoot first and don't wait for the whites of their eyes.
Ben Stiller's latest comedy is funny - but not always in a "ha-ha" way.
But flashes of inspiration aside, Tropic Thunder just isn't that funny and looks like something that was more fun to make than to actually sit down and watch.
The first ten minutes of this are so hilarious, it's a mystery why the other 97 are so lacking in laughs.
Apparently actors are narcissistic and Hollywood is ruthless... Stiller doesn't say anything we don't know, but stand-out turns from Downey Jr and Cruise make Tropic Thunder very funny for all its flaws.
War Hollywood-style's worst offence is lip-quavering, flag-waving jingoism, a stomach-turning affectation that is just aching to get a satirical slap. Stiller steers well clear.
A movie about a fake movie has the truest laughs of the summer.
The first hour of the film has an energy and wit that makes it a joy to behold, but as Stiller tries to tie it all together into a cohesive hole, the humour drains from the piece, and it all becomes a little tiresome.
Tropic Thunder is, almost necessarily, a hit-and-miss affair. Its targets certainly seem dated. But it's hard not to warm to a film in which a character's cry of "I can't feel my leg" earns the reply "Ain't nothing but a thang."
This is cheap rum. The Apocalypse Now pyrotechnics clearly cost a fortune. But the pleasures of Tropic Thunder are spread as thinly as Ben Stiller. He not only stars, he directs, co-writes, produces, and undoubtedly made the tea.
Patchy but Ben Stiller heaves mainstream Hollywood comedy out of its Will Ferrell-inspired rut.
But its better moments of self-referential snark, such as an ace cameo from Tom Cruise as an obnoxious studio exec, have the feel of a superior end-of-term revue.
There are moments of comedy grandeur, but this isn't as consistently funny as you'd hope. Nevertheless, Downey Jr.'s Kirk Lazarus is instantly up there with the comedy greats.
For years now, onscreen and off, [Tom] Cruise has seemed like a bottle of barely contained crazy; now we know what happens when the cork comes out.
Enjoyable comedy with terrific performances and several hilarious gags, but the plot loses its way halfway through and it runs out of steam before the end.
Want some advice? Catch the first 10 minutes of Tropic Thunder and the last 10 minutes and you've got a funny film. The other 87 minutes? Anyone for knitting?
Tropic Thunder, full of punchlines about Milli Vanilli and Being There, stitches the tired cultural references of one generation to the utterly debased expectations of their heirs.
All sociopolitical malarkey aside, it's a delicious metafictional take on war action movies, hero worship, and Hollywood banality, filled with bigger-than-life egos struggling with bigger-than-life problems.
The smartest dumb comedy of the year.
It's hilarious, and there are a lot of fun cameos and explosions. Did Stiller just steal comedy back from Apatow?
Say what you will about Apocalypse Now and Platoon, the two films that Tropic Thunder primarily plays off of, but they were not so "safe".
Thunder is ambitiously blunt and blasphemous in its bombastic barbs of treasured absurdity...[a] calculated comedy drenched in volumes of manufactured viciousness and succulent screwball vibrancy.
A spot on spoof that doesn't resort to the smarmy adult adolescence of the Judd Apatow movies for its laughs and is easily just as entertaining if not more so.
...[Robert Downey Jr's] "full retard" speech is alone worth the price of a ticket...
Nothing but mild vulgarity mixed with explosions and entitlement, a piss-take on Hollywood excess that doubles as an example of it.
For an insider's take on the movie business, Stiller's action comedy has you laughing from the start...
Tropic Thunder is an often hilarious return to form for Stiller after almost a decade of lackluster comedies, but it's also a wildly uneven effort that suffers from too much self-awareness to earn the status of bona fide classic.
Stiller never stops bombarding the audience with outrageous ideas, like a monkey throwing dung at a wall.
In the end, despite its flaws, this is a genuinely funny film, and there aren't that many of those around.
Tropic Thunder is the biggest comedy of the year. It's also the funniest ... attack humor at it's best.
Big budget, big stars, big concept -- surprisingly little payoff.
Even if Tropic Thunder doesn't move you to tears, it deserves your consideration.
Ben Stiller's confidence as a director is growing; this is comedy on a grand scale, with huge effects and a big cast.
Downey Jr. steals the film as an actor's actor... it's a totally calculated "great performance," but not necessarily an easy or obvious one.
This film is genuinely uncomfortable. In fact, you may want to make sure you know the person you see this movie with very well.
... director Ben Stiller gleefully severs the hand that feeds him in his vicious, funny Hollywood satire.
This Hollywood industry parody features solid performances from Robert Downey Jr, Jay Baruchel and Tom Cruise and a generally funny execution.
One part hilarious; one part offensive; one part too inside Hollywood
A pretty good basic idea, but it falls a little short in execution.
Launches a relentless satirical attack on Hollywood, good taste and political correctness -- and emerges the winner in the resulting best-two-falls-out-of-three grudge match.
Some of it is very funny, some of it is too broad.
After the dazzle of the early scenes, something droops and flags in Tropic Thunder.
Stiller's parody on big scale war movies as a means to launch a healthy dose of crudity and raunch is well aimed at audiences in tune with shock satire.
Finally, a comedy that has more laughs than the ones in its trailer.
Not only one of the funniest films of the year but also one of the smartest.
A daring, politically incorrect satire on the movie industry that turns out to be one of summer's loosest, funniest comedies.
Simple Jack is not a bone-headed pandering Hollywood idea of what a mentally handicapped person might be like, but a joke about how Hollywood often misses the point and underestimates its audience.
Saving the best for first in the case of a radically raunchy pseudo-prologue, the most frightening episode in this jungle gross-out is not warfare, but Cruise's newly bald, hairy and paunchy bizarre update of his classic Risky Business musical romp.
Make Satan's Alley. Do it now while Robert Downey Jr. is still Michael Phelps hot. The world needs more monk love set to Enigma.
Ben Stiller's audacious spoof of war movies is - without doubt - the summer's funniest comedy, sending up Hollywood egos.
Ben Stiller has here accomplished three stupendous feats: Van Damme muscles, his first funny movie since Zoolander, and his first brilliant movie ever
Tropic Thunder is crass, gross and rude - but it's also funny as hell.
Hell, it may even save Tom Cruise's career. Let's see Batman do that.
Downey imbues the movie with whatever soul (though I use that word cautiously in this context) and commitment it has.
Tropic Thunder deserves to be seen solely for Downey Jr.'s brilliant one-man show, which, in a perfect world, would be recognized by Oscar voters come January.
Coarse, crude, merciless and often very funny.
Tropic Thunder passes for "daring" in a movie era notably short on risk-taking. In the case of Downey, that daring is earned.
A gleeful, bumptious send-up of big-budget movies, big Hollywood egos.
In no way am I saying what Downey Jr. did with Lazarus is on the same level as what Heath Ledger accomplished with the Joker in "The Dark Knight," but they do share the similarity of completely walking away with their respective movies.
An intelligent and frequently funny film with some profound points to make about the shallowness of the movie industry.
...an often-hilarious send-up of Hollywood pretensions...
A bizarre little film that manages to be both an exercise in tasteless humor and a commentary on Hollywood's tastelessness.
Half showbiz satire, half action movie, half broad comedy and all Tom Cruise.
I laughed loud and hard throughout this film, and I enjoyed every minute of it and have no problem enthusiastically recommending it to you. But time and again the movie's jokes reach for comedic nirvana and fall just ever so short.
On the one hand, Tropic Thunder is a giant enema up Hollywood's butt, and on the other it's a bare bum joke which outlasts its welcome
It's funny at times, brazenly over the top, crude, rude, cynical, satirical, politically incorrect, topical, tropical, self indulgent, often tedious and almost explodes by its sense of its own brilliance
If you read Entertainment Weekly from cover to cover, devour the bonus features on your DVDs, and watch the E! network religiously, then Tropic Thunder is a comedy custom made for you.
Robert Downey Jr.'s impossibly hilarious performance and the audacious skewering of so many taboos, social, cinematic and otherwise make Tropic Thunder worth the 7 years it took to get Ben Stiller back in the director's chair.
Bad as both an action pic and as a comedy.
... An action-comedy done right.
Prepare yourself for a sledgehammer skewering aimed at some of Hollywood's most offensive practices, including phoniness and those awful trailers.
There are some people it will offend. To them I say, go bask in some Happy Days reruns. To the rest of you: Go see it and delight in laughing until your sides split.
While the blogs and talking heads seem to be wrong-headedly preoccupied with issues of semantics and race, what I found to be the most authentically disturbing is Tropic Thunder's use of war and soldiering as basis for levity.
It's definitely not for everybody. But it's also very funny as a no-holds-barred, frat-house-party comedy.
Stiller and company aren't exposing anything about the industry most of us didn't already know, he's just saying it really loudly and spraying blood everywhere while he does.
[I]nventively clever in its sendup of the self-involvement of pretty much anyone who's anyone in Hollywood... aggressive[ly] outrageous...
Almost everything about the movie sounds sharper, funnier and smarter than it turns out to be.
Just when you think it's squeezed every last gasping belly laugh out of you, here comes another barrage of scathing hilarity.
To peg 'Tropic Thunder' as a satire of moviemaking is to limit its anarchic, outlandish appeal. It's like saying 'South Park' is about an elementary school.
A breathtakingly funny movie that weaves together huge gut-level laughs with some very subtle and layered satire about show business.
Consistently clever.
One of the nastiest American comedies in what feels like decades, taking a well-trod subject - how movies are made - and attacking with a savage gusto that calls to mind Sunset Blvd. and The Player .
It's a film that looks like a big dumb comedy but it proves to have some satiric smarts underneath. Stiller succeeds in deftly satirizing an industry he knows well and seems unafraid of skewering.
Downey's racial transformation is a mere launching point for a performance so brilliant, it's fair to regard Lazaurs as August's Joker.
...a raucous Hollywood spoof that takes no prisoners.
Even between the great gags, the movie kept me involved because, against all odds, it actually almost works as a straight war film.
Rude and crude, Tropic Thunder displays minimal mercy toward its targets, yet even its gross-out gags (watch out for those false teeth!) display a manic ingenuity far removed from the one-note coarseness found in your typical Will Ferrell vehicle.
It's official: Summer is the season for adult comedies, too.
Uneven and needlessly gross, Tropic Thunder still manages to elicit enough really big laughs to make it an easy film to recommend.
In the annals of movies about making movies, Tropic Thunder will have topical currency and garner laughs long after the end credits roll.
The rest of the movie never lives up to the hilarity of the opening, partly because the large-scale production smothers the gags but mostly because those gags are so easy to smother.
Where Stiller the actor seems outmatched by the more expressive talents on display, Stiller the co-writer and director contributes a lively, layered comedy packed with cheap but hilarious goofs on Hollywood
The laughs fly as fast and furious as enemy fire.
A bit toothless -- it's difficult to cut too deeply when your satirical take on studio blockbusters and crazy actors is produced by a major studio with Tom Cruise in a supporting role -- but offers a number of genuine laughs between the self-congratulator
The anti-PC Tropic Thunder will have audiences laughing too hard for any offense to be taken
There are whole subplots that just plain don't work, but when it's on, "Tropic Thunder" is as funny as any comedy this year.
Tropic Thunder plays around in the deep end of the pool, and fortunately the cast is made up of some strong swimmers who are able to keep the whole show afloat.
There are some wildly funny scenes, a few leaden ones and others that are scattershot, with humorous satire undercut by over-the-top grisliness. Still, when it's funny, it's really funny.
Showbiz satire is witty, violent, controversial.
What keeps everything from imploding are Downey and Cruise, who are willing to push every audience button and damn the politically correct torpedoes.
Tropic Thunder is nothing but mild vulgarity mixed with explosions and entitlement, a piss take on Hollywood excess that doubles as an example of it.
The funny parts are really funny, and Ben Stiller knows exactly what's stupid about stupid action movies.
Anyone walking into Tropic Thunder looking to be offended by Downey's minstrel turn will soon find that the movie is two steps ahead.
While Tropic Thunder is an offensively complicated picture that certainly has figured out to whirl about a laugh around every corner, so does its complication sometimes force the story to tug about in many different directions.
When it isn't tossing softballs at the studios, Tropic Thunder is the very thing it parodies: a wall of noise engulfed in flame.
In a nutshell: Tropic Thunder is snarfing, drool running down your chin, hurt-you-kind-of funny.
Tropic Thunder is raunchy, raucous and riotously funny. But so acutely self-conscious that the effect is one of a stand-up comedian furnishing color commentary on his own act.
Stiller is on to something. In an age when self-reverence has made the Oscars all but unwatchable, Stiller pokes a sharp stick at Hollywood pomposity, with the precision of a guy who knows where to aim.
It is often very funny, and wittily on-target about the fine madness of moviemaking.
Such a sharply lacerating satire of Hollywood excess that it sometimes ends up cutting itself.
Its behind-the-scenes humor sharpens our understanding about how movies exploit history. Stiller sketches comic idiocy so energetically it's almost disappointing when the film settles into a plot; yet his skits relentlessly expose filmmaker hubris.
Tearing through this wild rumble in the jungle are so many wacky performances, it's challenging to keep them all straight. Even harder--trying to control the laughter so you don't miss the next line.
Tropic Thunder is all over the place, but it's hard to get too tough on a Hollywood satire that in the end loves Hollywood so much that it's just not going to take any prisoners.
The steady spray of jokes ricochets with machine-gun force, hitting dozens of worthy targets.
Tropic Thunder is just sophomoric enough to offend. And while it is also funny, it is without the empathy or compassion to cause us to wonder why we are laughing.
It spoofs the magic of movies, the narcissism, insecurities and ego-driven minds of actors, the cliches of action films and the bottom-line mentality of studio bosses.
Tropic Thunder hits more than it misses, due in large part to its charismatic cast of well-known faces. Stiller's mugging doesn't get old, and Jack Black ... well, can anyone do hysterical heroin withdrawal better than Jack Black?
Crazy? Yes! The flick also happens to be hilariously, dangerously, weirdly funny.
At its best, Tropic Thunder skewers impotent directors, fascist producers, prima donna stars and classic scenes from the camo-fatigues genre.
Tropic Thunder is an assault in the guise of a comedy -- watching it is like getting mugged by a clown.
This is Stiller's Hellzapoppin' Apocalypse Now -- the ultimate fighting machine of comedies-about-the-making-of-movies. It's raunchy, outspoken -- and also a smart and agile dissection of art, fame, and the chutzpah of big-budget productions.
Some viewers might find something offensive if they were able to stop cackling long enough.
At its best, mouth-agape moments, Tropic Thunder offers some insanely incandescent riffs on performance.
Tropic Thunder is more consistently entertaining, and its best moments burn much brighter than those of Pineapple Express.
The movie feels like a consciously happy accident whose offenses are roughly balanced by actors gouging out their own narcissism.
They take no prisoners and pull no punches, every slap, jab and full-on punch hammering their targets as if they were Michael Phelps smashing world records in the swimming pool.
At its best, Tropic Thunder wrings divine madness from wretched excess.
An action comedy with unappealing characters and a fast pace that can't cover up its cynicism.
I laughed until I cried.
loud, boorish, and screamingly funny as it expertly skewers the industry that made it possible
Tropic Thunder hits the nail on the head with politically incorrect humor in a good way. It just hammers it right in until it's poking out of the other side.
Tropic Thunder tells you that race and masculinity and class identity issues make men in this business mean and juvenile. And then it tells you again.
Tropic Thunder is a flashy, nasty, on-and-off funny and assaultive sendup of the film industry.
Tropic Thunder is ridiculous and deeply enjoyable, but it also flashes a mercilessly polished mirror at the "prestige" products that the movie business so glibly feeds us in order to reflect glory back on itself.
At its heart, Tropic Thunder is a parody of its own industry and nothing more. If you don't get the joke, you don't deserve to laugh.
It never develops its clever ideas, it just repeats them until they're played out. By the end of the film there's nothing left.
Tropic Thunder is the funniest film of the year.
One of the best comedies of the year.
Hacks Hollywood to pieces more astutely, mercilessly, and hilariously than any satire in at least a decade.
While cognizant of the fact that the year is a little more than half over, I nonetheless feel confident in proclaiming Tropic Thunder to be the funniest film of the year-- equal parts gifted satire and laugh-till-it-hurts farce.
How good is Cruise? Oscar good. And even though the academy rarely recognizes comedy, my fingers are crossed that they remember Cruise come February.
Very few directors have been willing to take on a satire as dark and daring as Tropic Thunder. For those of us who were losing hope in Mr. Stiller, it's about time.
It sounds like a potentially unpalatable mix of dumb-dumb comedy and backstage in-jokes but one of the impressive things about the film is how it takes such a theoretically dodgy concept and makes it work despite all of the potential hiccups.
Stiller has rediscovered the subversive humor from the best moments of his career and created a near-classic that is his funniest film since the remake of Meet the Parents.
See it ASAP before everyone ruins the best jokes for you
Tropic Thunder wants to make big money mocking big-money movie making, and the only thing that detracts from the fun and comedy is how, even while you're watching it, you can't help but notice the order those priorities come in.
an unapologetically brazen celluloid slur -- that is, of course, if you get what it's going for
Combines elements of There's Something About Mary ..., The Player and Team America: World Police, and yet almost nothing in Tropic Thunder is predictable or cliched.
Yes, Stiller's movie aims at easy targets. But it hits the bull's-eye with a blast, even from way up there over the top.
Though it certainly has a plot, Tropic Thunder is best approached as a series of skits stretched out to feature length, a film easier to appreciate for its clever parts than for any kind of coherent whole.
Tropic Thunder works double duty. It's both a sharp satire of filmland's bigger-is-better mind-set and a prime example of the heavyhanded era it stands in.
Cowriter/director Ben Stiller's long gestating project arrives on screen in a blaze of comic glory...the film's secret weapon is Tom Cruise
A smug comedy so blatantly pleased with itself that the finished product isn't nearly as much fun to watch as it probably was to make.
A triumph on nearly every level of execution and intent...it's a pleasure to report that Tropic Thunder is a work of pure hilarity and insanity throughout.
Tropic Thunder makes a lot of noise, but fails to produce the promised gales of laughter.
It's the funniest movie of the year by far, one that can be watched repeatedly to gain more insight into its unmatched brilliance.
If only for making Tom Cruise and Matthew McConaughey funny for the first time since 1994 or so, Tropic Thunder would already qualify as an impressive comedic achievement.
Tropic Thunder is too much promise and not enough delivery.
The movie is disgusting enough for the low-humor crowd, and yet witty and biting enough to be a guilty pleasure for everyone else.
In the end Tropic Thunder is an expensive goof about an expensive goof, and the results are very impressive and fancy-looking....Too impressive, really, to fully unleash the humor in the situations.
Think of all the ways you can hurt yourself laughing, as in fall down, split your sides, bust a gut, blow your mind. You get it all in Tropic Thunder, a knockout of a comedy that keeps you laughing constantly.
The film isn't perfect, but in an environment where things like The Love Guru and Step Brothers pass for worthwhile entertainment, Tropic Thunder puts a lot of comedy pretenders to shame.
Stiller rounded up a cast of A-listers, took them to Hawaii and blew up $90 million worth of stuff. He made a movie about making a movie that no movie-maker should ever have made. And it's a riot.
Gory, vulgar and wickedly funny. Easily the summer's best comedy.
Tropic Thunder will have you laughing much of the time, but it may also leave you wondering: Couldn't this have been done a bit better?
It's the kind of summer comedy that rolls in, makes a lot of people laugh and rolls on to video. It's been a good summer for that.
It mocks big-budget movies with lots of bullets and explosions while delivering a big-budget movie with lots of bullets and explosions.
Stiller, Black and Jackson are all fine. Downey is great -- no surprise. Jay Baruchel, as a newcomer, holds the strained plot threads together, playing the only actor not so narcissistic that he can't see what's going on around him.
Lazarus' cliched idea of a black man is funny in itself...but Downey's immersive take on the immersive actor is pure genius.
Ben Stiller has made a lot of Hollywood junk over the past few years, and Tropic Thunder feels like an attempt to cleanse these projects from his system.
A very funny Hollywood story with a gay character who doesn't mince or terrify the straight characters and comes out without being punished. If only this weren't a satire.
Might not add up to much but has more riotous moments than the last few Stiller and Black movies combined.
Ben Stiller used to be unafraid of pointed mockery, but nowadays he pulls his punches.
Stiller would have done better to call up a Jean-Claude Van Damme or Steven Seagal -- both of whom could surely use the work. Either could have given the role some true meat and authenticity.
Tropic Thunder, Ben Stiller's extravaganza of a Hollywood satire, couldn't be any more 'inside-baseball' if it contained references to the infield fly rule and Rule 5 draft picks.
Tropic Thunder is the funniest movie of the summer -- so funny, in fact, that you start laughing before the film itself has begun.
A parody of war movies and a pinprick in the helium balloon of Hollywood egos.
This one could have the subtitle How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Blockbuster.
The Ben Stiller action-film parody Tropic Thunder is all over the map, but it's worth enduring the botched gags, formula plotting, and even the racism to marvel at the genius of Robert Downey Jr.
There are so many types of humor in this that give it a very scattershot feel. If one joke flops, then the next one will be great. Which was the case most of the time, but the end result is a pretty satisfying, gory, action-packed satire on Hollywood.
Audiences who don't mind "Mad TV"-style humor stretched out to nearly two hours should be sufficiently entertained.
Consider the $4,970,802,499 its quintet of leads has made for Paramount at the box office as long-held escrow on a legendary prank. Robert Downey Jr. is all wild-eyed brilliance, Tom Cruise is re-christened in cool and the film is comic gold.
Tom Cruise dances off with the movie.
A heady blend of outrageous Grand Guignol comic set pieces and fast-twitch dialogue, "Tropic Thunder" walks a fine line of dangerous satire that straddles gallows humor and bawdy pop-culture inflected slapstick.
The self-aggrandizing humor becomes tiresome midway through...but the ending is spectacular and relentless. It would be hard for even the most cynical to avoid a hefty chuckle or two by the time the credits roll.
Robert Downey, Jr.'s performance is nearly on par with what Heath Ledger did as the Joker.
Produces some real laughs but was probably more fun to make than it ultimately is to watch.
Boasting yet another shining turn from Robert Downey, Ben Stiller's politically incorrect satire of Hollywood war-action movies is rude, crude, messy and sharply uneven.
It is easy to laugh your 20 laughs and walk out of Tropic Thunder with a shrug of the shoulders.
A smart-alecky sendup of Hollywood in general and action films in particular, Tropic Thunder undeniably provokes quite a few laughs, but of the most hollow kind.
Any movie comedy that mounts such a full-frontal assault on so many fetish objects of contemporary showbiz sanctimony has earned the very wide audience Tropic Thunder will undoubtedly reach.
A broad action comedy that manages to mix subtlety with satire.
Tropic Thunder is this summer's You Don't Mess with the Zohan. Oh wait...




@highlight

With biting satire, plenty of subversive humor, and an unforgettable turn by Robert Downey, Jr., Tropic Thunder is a triumphant late Summer comedy.