Love eventually conquers all, as expected, but not before we're forced to sit through a nearly endless parade of clichés, unfunny jokes, and empty drama.
Christmas fable is cute and tame, but unoriginal.
Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard just show up enough in The Perfect Holiday to either pick up a paycheck or return some kind of mysterious unpaid debt to writer-director Lance Rivera.
"The Perfect Holiday" isn't perfect. But it does contain moments of merriment.
Bad Santa! No cookie!
I'd rather watch 90 minutes of a flickering yule log video than sit through this overcooked Christmas goose again.
It's deplorable that these two stars have been reduced to appearing in such garbage.
Perfect Holiday is far from an offensive effort. It's just pathetic and forgettable, and when it comes to Christmas cheer, mediocrity should never be left under the tree.
There's just no cynicism in this whole story. As if a woman knows how to take a compliment. But this movie allows you to suspend disbelief and buy into a woman who can say thank you.
The movie's reach extends beyond it's grasp.
[A] wretched yuletide comedy.
If tickets to this yuletide dreck are hiding in your stocking, you'd be better off with a lump of coal.
In one scene, Terrence Howard kneels in a pair of shoes like Tim Conway in a 'Dorf on Golf' video, licks a lollipop and utters this line: 'I gotta go dookie.' I hope they paid him well.
...a clumsy mess of silly contrivances and musty sight gags...
There's no rush to see this disappointing excuse for a holiday film.
Belying its title, the film does little to inspire good cheer toward its various imperfections. Maybe I should find Santa and ask for better films. You'll certainly wish I had if you're unfortunate enough to sit through this 'gift.'
Most people seeing this movie might wonder what Queen Latifah did to convince Terrence Howard to take on what will surely be his worst role of the year.
Despite the appealing supporting performers, I'd like to cap this movie.
Is The Perfect Holiday a good film? The answer is: not really, but it isn't terrible.
The Perfect Holiday makes the safest, blandest choices possible in delivering some Christmas cheer for the whole family.
Despite the flabby direction and uninspired plot, The Perfect Holiday almost works because Chestnut and Union are an attractive couple and you want them to get together.
The likable cast and the script's low-key humor help, as does Howard's soulful, if fleeting, presence.
[Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard] may be a draw, but it's too bad no one thought the endearing performances in this charming (if cliché) family romance would be enough.
Jovial and junky as all get out, The Perfect Holiday is about what you'd expect from a holiday comedy daring to put 'perfect' in its title. As in anything but.
The Perfect Holiday, as many a holiday movie before it, meticulously goes through the motions, but never quite finds the magic of the season.
[The script] hasn't been written as much as stamped out like so many cheap Christmas knickknacks that will be on the clearance shelf come Dec. 26.
The Perfect Holiday, directed by Lance Rivera, is that most dispiriting product, a formulaic movie that doesn't believe in itself.
The cold void of January can't come fast enough if it means an end to releases like The Perfect Holiday.
It's a shame that Gabrielle Union can't get better scripts than this one.
Queen Latifah often is the saving grace of many of the movies she's in. That can't be said of her latest, however.
The sparks that [Union and Chestnut] ignite onscreen cannot save the disjointed mess of a film that is The Perfect Holiday.
Dear Santa: Please leave better scripts under her Christmas tree.
There's not much original about the film, but it's played with high spirits and good cheer, there are lots of musical interludes, and it's pitched straight at families.
For fans of lousy seasonal cheer, Dec. 25 comes early.
Wants to be a Christmas perennial, but it wilts badly well before the final credits roll.
This sugarplum of a movie is held together with good intentions and paperclips, but its appealing cast and seasonal sweetness make it -- if not the perfect holiday treat, a pleasantly enjoyable one.
If you've seen every slushy, sentimental Christmas movie on the Hallmark Channel and are still able to keep your breakfast down, you might want to catch this.
The Perfect Holiday is so modest and good-natured that its flaws are hardly glaring.
Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard act as commentators, nudging the contrivances this way and that.
About as appetizing as a candy cane laced with arsenic.
The dialogue is so one-note, the plot absurd, and most attempts at humor fall flat.
In the annals of Noel films so wincingly, gratingly, insultingly bad that a lump of coal would be vastly preferable, The Perfect Holiday ranks alongside Surviving Christmas for sheer unwatchability.
Either you're in the mood for a sweet and simple Christmas movie or you're not. If you are, then Perfect Holiday should fit the bill nicely.
Not perfect. Not really about a holiday. At least 'The' is accurate!
The messages here are what you'd expect: Love your family. Don't be selfish. Don't tell lies. Have a happy holiday. Christmas doesn't have to be perfect to entertain you. Just like this movie.
The cast is game, the script is watered nog, the kids push their charm hard, Murphy is often excruciating, Union is pleasant in a sitcom mommy way, and Lance Rivera is a zero stylist.
Ostensibly a Christmastime comedy about romance, The Perfect Holiday manages to be none of the above.
The actors distinguish themselves mainly by their ability to make the material, directed and co-written by Lance Rivera, seem even more painfully awkward and unfunny than it already is -- which is very.
Picking the single dumbest element in this extremely dumb movie is easy.
Stay for the nail-biting conclusion, but only if you can stomach the horror of Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard reaching career lows as manifestations of all that is cheerful and insufferable, respectively, about the holidays.
Be grateful that Gabrielle Union and Morris Chestnut have the wherewithal to elevate a mediocre script.
There's not a single scene in Holiday that doesn't feel like it was copied from any number of other cookie-cutter rom coms, Christmas-themed or otherwise.
There's a lot of sap in this Christmas tree.
Spicing up Christmas with some savvy soul, are tough love story tour guide Queen Latifah, Terrence Howard as her sidekick mute meanie, and devilish duo Katt Williams and Charlie Murphy's J-Jizzy, doing musical bad boys with deliciously nasty glee.




@highlight

The Perfect Holiday is the perfect example of Christmas movie clichés run amok.