Guardians of the Galaxy isn't just one of the year's best movies. It's also a really interesting experiment with form - it blends hilarious comedy, utterly sincere classic-rock corniness, and massive hold-onto-yourself cosmic adventure.
Good, honest fun and entertainment that will appease viewers of all ages as well as both those who are familiar with the Guardians team and those who heard the project announced and blankly mouthed 'who?'.
In its own zany, sci-fi way, Guardians demonstrates that all cultures are not equal.
It's good. Go see it. The end.
By some metrics, it's the best Marvel movie yet; certainly it is the funniest and best-looking.
The action sequences, 3D or not, are text-book daring and explosive, but it is the music that raises the bar in this film as, during moments of extreme danger, a Seventies classic comes on to ease the tension.
A film about misfit heroes is right on time after the A-group's gloss has begun to wane.
Guardians of the Galaxy might look like just the ticket. . . but allow me to save you time, money and the potential of getting stuck on the SkyTrain when it breaks down again. It's a pretender to the throne.
Whoever wants to see it with simple enthusiasm will have a lot of fun and each one will be able to look at the details that punish and excite the fan in their very personal reading. [Full review in Spanish]
Action-filled and funny, Guardians of the Galaxy stakes a late claim for the summer's best film.
For much of its 122 minutes, Gunn's grab-bag of quirky characters, genre ribbing, and incongruent '70s pop tunes goes over like gangbusters. The trouble is, it's only irreverent to a point.
Gunn clearly knows his way round the genre and delivers a crowd pleasing summer blockbuster full of humour. Plus a raccoon brandishing a machine gun is all kinds of fun.
Some of the other entries in this series haven't been short on humor, but this is the first one where the humor is pretty much the whole point of the science-fiction extravaganza. It proves to be a nice change.
Let's get down to brass tacks. Folks want to know if a movie featuring a gun-toting raccoon and a bipedal tree can possibly be any good. The short answer is -- yes!
Gunn has certainly given Marvel another successful product, with likable actors, comprehensible motivations, and clear fight staging, set at a pace that could fairly be described as rollicking.
If Guardians of the Galaxy is an origin story, it is also a satire of the origin story, one that emphasizes the power of the "We" over that of the "Chosen One."
Strange and tremendously engaging.
Guardians of the Galaxy is refreshingly off-beat, steadfast and full of character.
What makes it all work, though, is the film's oddball sense of humour, and while this may all get a bit tired by the time we get to Guardians 3, for now, sit back and enjoy.
Guardians still feels fresh and funny and non-formulaic. They might have been comic-book margin-dwellers, but here they prove they're a headline act.
The unlikeliest of space operas, blending heady, CGI-heavy action with irreverent comedy and a hurricane of sloppy, wet kisses to 70s and 80s pop culture.
It captures the breathless thrill and adolescent bemusement that comes with reading a rip-snorting and beautifully drawn 30 page comic issue.
Guardians of the Galaxy is the perfect summer movie, delivering exactly what you want from a comic book adaptation.
It's like an Assistant Editors' Month issue writ large.
Credit too must go to director James Gunn who puts his individual stamp on the film while operating within Marvel's house style.
James Gunn's first foray into big-budget movie making succeeds despite focusing on characters largely unknown to mainstream audiences and provides some of the most genuinely affecting moments of any Marvel film to date.
Guardians of the Galaxy is first-class, Grade-A space adventure comedy.
The thing that makes Guardians of the Galaxy so wonderful is that it's completely bonkers.
Gunn keeps the action moving at a pace that's sometimes exhausting but amidst all the explosions and the crashing spaceships and exploding cityscapes there's usually room for a quick quip or laugh-out-loud gag.
Guardians of the Galaxy may be the most unique film to come out of the Marvel stable so far. If the oppressive weight of late summer has you down, this movie may be just the thing you need.
Perhaps it was too much to hope for a smart, cartoony and slightly parodic space romp, instead of this, a more standard-issue Marvel superhero offering
One of the most exciting things about Guardians Of The Galaxy is that it is a departure from the Marvel feature film template. Guardians Of The Galaxy is very much a Marvel movie, but it's also (way) out there, doing its own thing.
Wall-to-wall wisecracks notwithstanding, Gunn manages to locate a heart in the midst of the lovingly rendered comic-book chaos.
These are unfamiliar Marvel characters, on the big screen if not on the page, which together with the witty script gives the whole package a welcome freshness.
Where other comic-book fare has felt like action blockbusters with sprinkles of comic relief, Gunn has been allowed to make a comedy that happens to feature comic-book characters.
Gunn and his cast understand that the interplay among the quirky Guardians is what matters. The next Avengers movie already looks silly by comparison.
A heck of an intergalactic romp.
Probably the most light-hearted Marvel movie, this one pulls you in with its wacky narrative turns and keeps you engaged in a world far, far away where anything can happen.
While still suffering from a few symptoms of blockbuster-itis, Guardians feels more relaxed than your typical corporate summer tentpole. It has a puckish, sideways wit.
The script is tossed through with entertaining banter, the action sequences are spirited and filled with inventive imagery, and the spirit of the whole enterprise is bright and energized...
The movie is seriously smile-worthy, largely due to the sheer number of jokes throughout.
Against all odds, the studio has yet another elegant, extremely entertaining winner on its hands.
To an extent, the film plays like a mixtape: slowly unwinding, confident in its own rhythms, unafraid to luxuriate in comic asides or hurtle forward the action.
Gunn doesn't so much reinvent the wheel as reshape it a little, giving the rest of the vehicle a fresh lick of paint in the process.
Pratt's charm and presence go a long way to carry the film through a confusing first act bogged down in character introductions, back story and set-up.
What more could a kid -- or a grown-up who's seen too many overly serious superhero movies -- ask for?
I had more fun watching Guardians of the Galaxy than I've had in a long time.
Gunn's filming of a once-thought-unfilmable project is a blast, with pleasingly fanciful FX, a soundtrack of rock classics, a streak of pleasing emotion and a large cast who are all obviously having as much fun as the audience.
In proper "who gives a toss?" B-movie tradition, Guardians of the Galaxy takes us into the silly section of the Marvel Universe.
The screenplay does an exceptional job of incorporating this film into the pre-existing and percolating Marvel cinematic universe.
With its fantastic ensemble of characters and great sense of humor (not to mention an incredible soundtrack), it rises above the standard formula to make an entertaining and thrilling ride that leaves a lasting impression.
The big-screen debut of this underdog crew of ragtag Avengers tries a little too hard to fit in with its competition, rather than stand out.
Junk, and proud of it
An exhilarating delight-a tongue-in-cheek, big-budget sci-fi blockbuster that could easily be this generation's Star Wars.
Guardians bounces with the energy of pure invention.
There's enough liveliness in the cast and director Gunn's brisk pacing that, at its best, the movie's energy emulates the go-for-it glee of Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
Gunn has done a marvelous job of character development with a large cast of unknown comic-book roles.
Guardians of the Galaxy exists solely to advertise its own as-yet-unmade sequels.
Larger-than-life and dangerously explosive, they're so funny that boys and girls will love the film in equal measure.
Once again, we get an against-the-odds, mid-air battle among exploding skyscrapers and fleeing extras. But it's beautifully realised in eye-popping 3D.
There are obvious touchstones here in Star Wars and Indiana Jones, but Gunn allows his influences to inform rather than define the film.
A vibrantly exciting, immensely entertaining and frequently hilarious sci-fi adventure.
Fun and fresh, Guardians Of The Galaxy is another winner from Marvel, and further proof of a very old dictum: you've got to gamble big to win big.
Guardians of the Galaxy is full of what made movies fun back when Jaws and Star Wars were igniting the genre. It also may be, or at least is to date, the best Marvel comic to make it to the big screen.
Throughout this technical haze, Guardians carries forth with more spirit than anything Marvel has put out to date.
Guardians Of The Galaxy is deliriously, insanely its own thing, possessed of an idiosyncratic, intimate sense of humour and a magnificently diverse cast, all of whom find exactly the right tone of low-key commitment. Everything fits.
Blessed with a loose, anarchic B-picture soul that encourages you to enjoy yourself even when you're not quite sure what's going on, the scruffy Guardians is irreverent in a way that can bring the first Star Wars to mind.
The lightly derisive, live-action-cartoon tone robs the movie of any majesty, even of the comic-book type, and the many violent deaths of their suitable gravity.
These meager pleasures are swallowed up in all the frantic action and overblown CG sequences.
Guardians of the Galaxy is just an obscene amount of fun.
Guardians of the Galaxy is right up there with The Avengers as a movie that delivers all the fun and action you want from a superhero adventure.
There's plenty of action, of course, but it's the heart and humor, delivered consistently throughout Guardians of the Galaxy, that make this tongue-in-cheek space opera the perfect fit for the 21st Century.
Chris Pratt, overflowing with charisma, plays the leader of the pack of misfits, and his blissed-out space cowboy (with a love for seventies music) is so full of good will that he buoys the film and its requisite whizbang special effects.
The most fun film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and a fine start to a new era.
It's overstuffed with effects and incident, but it looks great, it feels fresh and it's sometimes laugh-out-loud funny.
An entire movie based on a certain wise-acre tone but without losing sight of how audiences still appreciate characters that wear their hearts on their sleeve.
Director James Gunn tosses together a dizzying blend of superhero bravado, outer-space adventure and off-the-wall comedy that introduces the strangest and most enjoyable bunch of rogues ever to inhabit the same spaceship.
The plot is bonkers, and there's way too much CGI, but the core little group of disparate characters manage to latch themselves to you, and you're in.
Gunn has helped take a relatively unknown property and made a film that will surely help blast these incredible characters to a level of fame that will spread across the galaxy.
Bravo James Gunn; he took a lesser-known comic book and spun it into the most entertaining ride I've had all year.
Guardians of the Galaxy isn't just a fun-filled, laugh-filled, ripping space fantasy comedy, it's one of the best, most crowd-pleasing blockbusters in years.
If blockbusters are the cinematic equivalent of junk food, then 2014 has been a goddamn ice-cream sundae, and Guardians is the bright, sickly sweet cherry sitting on top.
Guardians Of The Galaxy is at its best when it's trying to be funny. You could almost describe as a spoof in places!
The cast are clever at filling in the gaps the story has to carry, with the romantic attraction between Peter and Gamora, which begins with some hearty hand to hand combat, given more emotional weight than the dialogue allows for.
It all happens about 100 times faster than the original Star Wars while taking itself about 1,000 times less seriously than the Star Wars prequels.
The film begins to stumble, then, once the focus shifts to a narrative that's almost distractingly convoluted...
A piece of wit that makes it's own niche within the genre. This galactic treat is new world.
It takes a good hour for (director James) Gunn to find the proper blend of comedy and seriousness. Once it hits its stride, though, the movie offers undeniable pleasures and unexpected emotional heft.
Haters STFU, 'Guardians of the Galaxy' is cinematic nirvana...
Not since Han Solo and Chewbacca hit the galaxy has there been as much raucous energy and sheer fun as in this blast of a sci-fi fantasy involving a daredevil adventurer and a mysterious orb
It might ultimately break down to nothing but empty calories, but it is always full-on fun. I repeat: always.
One of the most pleasant surprises of a mixed-bag movie summer, Guardians of the Galaxy is something akin to Star Wars on Quaaludes.
Fans... will delight in the wisecracks offered by Rocket (Rocky Raccoon) or the profundities of Groot.
I think they've really created characters, James Gunn and co-writer Nicole Pearlman, and I think the screenplay is really lovely.
A near masterpiece, and one with an amazing soundtrack.
May the Farce be with you, dude. "Star Wars" meets "Spaceballs."
...Groot easily steals the show...equal parts 'Farscape,' 'Firefly,' and the few family-friendly parts of 'Pitch Black' while putting an original spin on it.
... retro space opera plays more like a bad spoof of a 'Star Wars' spoof ‒ and even then it's closer to 'The Adventures of Pluto Nash' than 'Spaceballs.'
Hovering between irony and sincere enthusiasm, the film is above all a triumph of tone.
An exciting thrill-ride that strikes a brilliant balance between jaw-dropping space scenes, anarchic wit and bountiful belly laughs.
Like so many elements of this film, this narrative arc is all too familiar. But it's fun to watch it played out with such B-movie gusto.
Think a wild ride through an amusement park with five crazy friends. Or Star Wars meets Flying High.
What makes James Gunn's scruffier and un-spandex'd band of reluctant heroes so appealing is how they approximate the good-hearted rogues on the raggedy charm of space westerns like Joss Whedon's own "Firefly".
The best Star Wars film since 1980.
When Guardians of the Galaxy is firing on all cylinders, you'll think there's nothing better in this world, or any other.
Far more lively than anything in the last three Star Wars; it's far closer in the constellation to the jokey heroism of Joss Whedon's Serenity than George Lucas's New Age sky-piloting.
Although the main characters lack the depth and dimension of characters in some of the other Marvel movies, it has plenty of action and plenty of humor too. It is an enjoyable popcorn movie.
Guardians of the Galaxy is a weird, risky prospect for a studio that's all about relatable humans in recognisable settings. Maybe that's why it works: faced with a tougher sell, they've gone the extra mile to make something special.
Outre, cheerful, yes... but wake me up when the Doctor Strange movie is ready.
Guardians of the Galaxy is the brave new world of cinema.
A mad act of absurd genius.
100% sugar rush Saturday matinee sci-fi junk food.
Rip-roaring, irreverent and so much fun, Guardians of the Galaxy succeeds in not only introducing and connecting these relatively unknown characters into the Marvel pantheon, but in making it one of the most enjoyable and unforgettable of the bunch
The most purely entertaining movie of the summer.
Director and co-writer James Gunn brings a giddiness and a wondrous, endless sense of why-the-hell-not? possibility that's reminiscent of Star Wars.
Galaxy's great fun but its biggest creative gamble is featuring untested heroes. If that's cause for celebration then risk ain't what it used to be.
It's the movie's rollicking good cheer that ultimately might help endear it to folks who otherwise wouldn't know the Guardians' Rocket Raccoon from The Beatles' Rocky Raccoon.
The post-George Lucas Star Wars sequel fans of the original trilogy have been hoping for.
Buoyed along by snarky banter and breezy 1970s pop, this freewheeling Marvel Comics movie is a giddily entertaining sci-fi romp.
Sci-fi hasn't been this fun since Star Wars and it hasn't been this funny since Galaxy Quest.
Pratt is their prime asset for turning the comedy up to 11. With him playing Star-Lord, you never question what Quill brings to the team: a sparkling, cracked esprit de corps.
Guardians of the Galaxy may blast off another successful franchise for Marvel, but it has a few parsecs left to go before it can truly claim greatness.
There have been few must-see films of the 2014 summer season, but Guardians of the Galaxy is definitely one.
Gunn's listless adventure through space is not as uproarious as the Iron Man series, as thrilling as the Spider-Man franchise, or as dramatically serious as Nolan's Batman trilogy.
Goofy, energetic, space-faring fun.
Guardians of the Galaxy is a total treat - funny, exciting, filled with great effects, and containing a few welcome moments of emotion. This is the Marvel movie I can see myself watching again and again.
The audience applauded. All ages, all walks of life, got hooked on a feeling - a feeling of delight - that 'Guardians of the Galaxy' delivers.
It may be a mess, but it's an extremely good-natured mess, full of humor and warmth. More surprising still, the very elements that seemed most likely to ruin the movie-the tree-man, the talking raccoon-account for much of its improbable charm.
With the freedom afforded by the obscure source material, Gunn reminds us that blockbusters don't have to take themselves too seriously.
Guardians succeeds when it proves the Marvel formula is malleable; it fails when it discovers that formula is not yet malleable enough.
Guardians of the Galaxy joins The Avengers, Iron Man 3, and Captain America: The Winter Soldier in the elite tier of greatest Marvel films to date. It's not just as good as you've heard, it's better.
Gunn appears to remember the high of certain kinds of moviegoing, where when the credits are over, all you want to do is get back in line and enjoy the whole thing again.
A rollicking carnival ride halfway across the universe and back that leaves you with a big, goofy, satisfied smile when it's over.
By Friday night, anyone who has seen this first "Guardians" will be speaking volumes about all its future possibilities, especially big-name actors scampering to hop aboard for a potentially huge and long franchise ride.
Entertaining, clever and often quite funny.
Marvel's sci-fi adventure has it all: laughs, action, charm.
"Guardians of the Galaxy" relied too much on the audience already knowing the Marvel mythology. Call it, in my opinion, an unacceptable shorthand.
A Marvelous sci-fi adventure that flies by in a whoosh of nimble action and colorful characters.
By playing with sci-fi and comic book clichés and assembling a charismatic and likeable cast, Guardians of the Galaxy is a welcome return to form for Marvel.
[It's] the first of the MCU properties that didn't feature a major Marvel character. Surprise, surprise, when you make the most enjoyable space opera romp since The Fifth Element, name recognition just doesn't matter.
What sets this film apart from the less effective summer movies is that director James Gunn has put together a cast that can handle the action and the humor.
Where it does work is in the lightness of touch director James Gunn brings to proceedings.
While not all superhero films are created equal, this comic-book space adventure adaptation is just good enough.
It's a summer blockbuster worthy of the moniker.
Eentertaining from start to finish, thanks to --- guess what? --- the writing!
By refusing to follow the usual formula, filmmaker James Gunn has made Marvel's best-yet movie, a summer action-adventure that provides more cinematic fun than the rest of the year's blockbusters rolled into one.
After a summer of slick, seamless superhero, monster and robot blockbusters, there's certainly something to be said for a movie that feels reckless and messy.
At first I thought, 'This movie isn't as clever as it thinks it is.' But after a while, I decided maybe it was after all.
"Star Wars" for a new generation.
Gunn delivers a pageant of eye candy splashed with the primary-color palette of his funnybook source material. He has the aesthetic down, if not always the mechanics.
It's like watching a 'Star Wars' movie filled with nothing but Han Solos.
Guardians of the Galaxy is one of Marvel Studios' best and certainly the most punk rock.
It taps into what the first three Star Wars films knew and the next three forgot: big heart and a sense of humor are what keep heavy machinery running smoothly.
Guardians defies Marvel's house style.
The movie is naturally thick with CGI. But Gunn uses the digital effects to create scenes of striking beauty.
There's lots of action, incredible 3D, all the bells and whistles audiences expect from a tentpole film. But it's the brilliant humor that will help Guardians undoubtedly be one of the biggest hits of the year.
I could watch a "Guardians" movie that's just the five of them sitting around a table with a pitcher of beer and a deck of cards. Hard to say that about the X-Men.
... A total blast, with a sense of adventure and mischievous fun that can make even a movie critic feel like a kid again.
Guardians of the Galaxy breathes new life into an otherwise stale story thanks to a great script and Gunn's crafty direction.
If you want a superior successor to Red Dwarf, Blake's 7, Star Wars and, yes, Scooby Doo then look no further. There are worse things.
Finally, some jokey superheroes.
Formula or not, 'Guardians of the Galaxy' maintains its fresh appeal from opening to end credits. The film greatly benefits from Chris Pratt's loopy, devil-may-care persona.
"Guardians of the Galaxy" has wit, energy and zaniness to spare. It will pop your corn and leave you hungry for more.
Guardians of the Galaxy is an open fire hydrant of a summer movie: more fun than should be allowed in such hot weather.
A wisecracking raccoon is saving the summer.
Um filme que se permite rir das próprias bobagens, mas que, para isso, adota uma estratégia narrativa inteligente.
It turns out to be the goofy and action-packed antidote to most of the summer's blockbusters.
Nothing short of an infectiously fun, funny and highly entertaining blast to behold. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
The summer popcorn movie of 2014, tremendous fun, and with more heart that we have any reason to expect.
I'm disappointed that I didn't like it as much as everyone else, but that doesn't mean I didn't like it. I thought it was fun. It's decent. It just didn't blow my socks off.
Gives the summer a nice adrenaline shot.
The script resembles a spaghetti tangle of individual character arcs. Luckily, they're all engaging and reasonably fresh.
'Guardians Of The Galaxy'- What's more fun than a band of misfits joining forces to battle some ruthless interstellar bad guys?
Though based on a comics series launched in 1969, "Guardians" comes on with a hip, absurdist humor that feels thoroughly modern.
This swashbuckling space age romp treats saving the universe as just a bit of fun. Very refreshing and probably just as well.
The film's fast, amusing, good-looking and not overlong, which is all sensible non-geeks ask of such movies.
The breezy, character-piloted Guardians of the Galaxy shows a Marvel comics film need not offer big stars (at least visible ones) to entertain.
Good versus evil's romp through space reeks of Star Wars and Star Trek, with a worse plot and better effects.
The characters are great and the movie is often very funny.
Entertaining in this or any galaxy. It's certainly the most fun I've had in a theater this year.
It favors jokes and general weirdness over heroism and action, and it's less indebted to Star Wars than the cheap, junky Star Wars knock-offs that followed in its wake.
As directed by James Gunn, Guardians of the Galaxy never takes itself seriously and it's often a visual and musical treat. The Runaways' Cherry Bomb and David Bowie's Moonage Daydream? Yes, please.
Without being shackled to fanboy expectations of how iconic costumed characters should be depicted, filmmaker James Gunn ("Super") runs wild with the opportunity.
a rip-roaring good time
The motley crew's repartee makes for comedy that's surprisingly consistent, yet freewheeling and sharp enough to pinball from Kevin Bacon to Jackson Pollock and back.
Marvel's first outright comedy, kin to the deliriously funny and affectionate "Star Trek" parody, "Galaxy Quest."
You'll laugh because the jokes are good, you'll clap because the action is awesome, but you'll get emotional because you truly care about the characters.
Narratively conventional, but with world building of such supercharged weirdness that every frame is a dorked-up roller coaster ride. It actually made me thankful for CGI.
The people who made this movie must have had a swell time in the process, and it's nice to see a summer epic that takes itself so unseriously.
Lurches along a bit awkwardly, but always with utterly dazzling visuals and a goofy gag at the ready.
If nothing else, Guardians feels like an invigorating throwback to the pop-culture properties that were Saturday-morning staples in the 1980s.
What a joy it is to be present at the birth of a new franchise! Like human birth, it's messy and emotional and full of promise. And as long as there are no problems with the delivery, it's a fresh start.
What sounds like a strained miscalculation turns out to be one of the most shamelessly enjoyable pranks ever pulled by a multibillion-dollar entertainment conglomerate. This is what happens when blockbuster filmmaking sits on a whoopee cushion.
You can have the Avengers' supergroup of professional heroes and egos: I prefer the Guardians' garage band -- rowdy and rough-edged and a real family.
This movie lacks the charm and genre affection that Galaxy Quest provided in buckets.
For the most part, director and co-writer James Gunn delivers a solid action/comedy/ CGI spaceship combo, but far too much time is spent describing action and explaining motivations in the most leaden fashion possible.
For all that doesn't work, a lot does and hopefully with time and distance, Gunn and his collaborators can chuck all of the non-silly stuff they just don't need for Guardians 2. They've got a firm foundation to build off of.
If you're old enough to remember when sci-fi and comic books were fun, "Guardians of the Galaxy" will be your new favorite movie. If you're not, it will set a standard for everything you see.
Guardians of the Galaxy is fun but forgettable, or perhaps Gunn crams so much onto the screen that memory is crowded out. Definitely worth a second look, just to figure out what in the name of Buckaroo Banzai is going on.
Guardians of the Galaxy does the impossible. Through dazzle and dumb luck, it turns the clichés of comic-book films on their idiot heads and hits you like an exhilarating blast of fun-fun-fun.
It's been billed as the most out-there, bizarre and wacky of all the Marvel Studios films. Fortunately for comic book fans and audiences looking for a little something different it exceeds expectation to be the most fun-filled Marvel movie yet.
It's like the silly, superhero-loving kids goofing off in the back of the classroom looked at The Avengers and X-Men and declared, "Hey, how hard can it be to save the world? Let's do it too!"
Marvel may not see Guardians as its prize asset, but this could be the start of a truly awesome franchise.
What is most appealing about "Guardians" is its swagger and devil-may-care panache. ...
What does work is everything about the Guardians themselves, and almost everything that comes out of their mouths.
There's a strong, likeable start to Guardians of the Galaxy, but from there, the movie begins a persistent slide into anonymity.
It's preposterous, ridiculous, bizarre. Whatever. It's not the most accessible Marvel outing, and it'll take the fanboys to spread the word; Guardians of the Galaxy is balls-out fun.
In place of wit, "Guardians" offers a sort of generalized willingness to be amusing, an atmosphere of high spirits that feels like lots of people pumping air into a tire that has a hole in it.
"Guardians of the Galaxy" is pop film-making at its purest.
Guardians of the Galaxy is too loud, too long and too busy but - here's the good part - also wonderfully silly.
If Marvel is trying (in the words of one of the soundtrack's pop gems) to get us "hooked on a feeling," its job is done.
A fun, lighthearted confection that knows exactly what it wants to be and how to execute that mission.
It's the funniest of any Marvel movie yet, lending the film a lightness that goes a long way toward deflating the grandiosity that sometimes inflates and bloats the studio's films.
What Gunn does here better than any Marvel movie since the first "Iron Man" is to connect his movie with the reason fans love comic books in the first place: because they're fun.
In many respects, "Guardians" ... is a fun and relatively fresh space Western.
I didn't care about the plot for a second- but I appreciated the over-arching spirit of fun. And the two CGI characters are the best parts of the movie
There's plenty of heart in Guardians, but it gets its emotional heft largely from the warmth that this kind of comedy inherently contains.
After token story setting the movie goes up like a firework display.
It's balanced work and enormous fun, giving all the brand name superheroes a run for their money now that Marvel has cleared a path for the little guys to shine on the big screen.
Nothing ruins a good movie more than calling it a great one, and while Guardians of the Galaxy is good, no one will mistake it for a high point in the MCU.
The very empty-headedness...will probably insure its enormous success, since many in the audience will be able to identify with it.
The film seems content to be the class clown of the Marvel Universe, which is all well and good. But like most class clowns, sometimes you wish it would apply itself - because it seems capable of being so much more.
I didn't enjoy it enough that I will ever want to sit through it again.
It's looser, scruffier and more overtly comic than the average Marvel action fantasy.
Turns out the galaxy far, far away is a pretty boring place to visit without someone around to roll his eyes, put the moves on royalty, and demand to get paid.
While "Guardians" takes you down one after another crazy narrative turn, it also pulls you into - and, for the most part, keeps you in - a fully realized other world.
"Guardians of the Galaxy" brings to mind some of the most unforgettable sci-fi event movies of the last 30 years. Alas, those films are "Howard the Duck" and "Green Lantern."
To see an expensive, big-studio movie freed from creative constraints and directorial cynicism is always a rare and wondrous experience. In a season of bloated indulgence, it's also fair to call it a marvel.
Watching the zippy, ebullient Guardians of the Galaxy, you wonder "Why can't all comic-book movies be this much fun?"
A rollicking, B-movie-style adventure that doesn't need to rely on a cameo from the Avengers to secure its place in the superhero canon.
The script has its moments but it lacks the unadulterated sense of fun that was so integral to many of the earlier Marvel movies.
A vivaciously crowd-pleasing space adventure. Of all of Marvel's many Phase I and Phase II projects tackled, "Guardians of the Galaxy" is, to date, the most alive with imagination and wonder.
With its quirky humor, weirdly lovable characters, and eclectic soundtrack, there is no other Marvel film quite like Guardians of the Galaxy.
...so stuffed with pop-culture references that if you removed them the entire movie would likely collapse.
The diverse cast of characters allows for a level of satisfying entertainment that surpasses The Avengers. Guardians of the Galaxy is an extraordinary group of A-holes everyone can cheer for.
James Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy is the best Marvel movie yet. I challenge anyone who would place Iron Man or The Avengers over this action-packed and thoroughly entertaining picture that is the definitive summer blockbuster.
I've been pretty mixed on Marvel movies over the years - some have dazzled me, others have left me depressed. But Guardians is the first one that feels excitingly unpredictable.
Gunn absolutely nails the offbeat tone of the source material, creating a sort of punk rock Star Wars that delivers big on adventure and comedy with a thoroughly entertaining cast of characters.
A summer comic-book movie that effortlessly makes you feel like a wide-eyed, happy kid again.
Guardians of the Galaxy is solid summer fun - not the mammoth epic we have come to expect from each new Marvel release, but a welcome entry into a moribund movie season.
Guardians Of The Galaxy is a giddy blast of fresh air, an exercise in unfettered glee that leaves behind all the angst and self-seriousness to revel in just how freakin' cool the adventures it's chronicling are.
Gunn manages to thread abrupt violence and casual malice into the huge expanses of the outright comedy and fine sarcasm of Guardians. And most of the meanness is funny.
Saving the universe (with tongue planted firmly in cheek).
With a tone that lands closer to clever than snarky, GOTG represents the rare comic-book movie that's enjoyable with or without sound.
The best debut for a Marvel franchise since 'Iron Man.'
Really, "woo-hoo!" just about covers it.
Turning Andy Dwyer into an action-movie star turns out a brilliant move: His earnestness and doltish cheer makes it impossible not to cheer for him and sets a certain zonked tone that keeps everything grounded even when the plot is zipping all over.
The plot occasionally becomes overstuffed, perhaps packing in extraneous elements in order to set up future installments. Yet the zany script by director James Gunn and co-writer Nicole Perlman is sharply funny.
Iron What? Captain Who? The Guardians of the Galaxy are here to stay thanks to a Troma-bred filmmaker crazy enough to make the movie that such a fantastical comic deserves.
Marvel puts its heart on its sleeve with a story about the healing power of friendship, but that sleeve is stained with blood, spit, and other bodily fluids.
If Guardians of the Galaxy is just the latest burger off the fast food conveyor belt, it's awfully hard to deny that it's an extremely tasty burger.
For every scene that soars into the dizzying heights of the pop sublime, there's another that crashes back down into the mundane troughs of studio-mandated formula.
It delivers just what you'd want from a summer blockbuster. It is fast, it is fun and it is all but assured of making a mint at the box office -- and spawning sequels aplenty.
...it has everything you want in a movie: thrills, chills, humor, heartbreak, romance, betrayal and really cool action sequences
Gunn... has found a way to bring funkiness and humanity to a galaxy-spanning blockbuster, one filled with dogfights and floating fortresses, but also with heroes quick with a quip, fast on the draw, and more than a little beaten up by the universe.
The movie knows that junk art is still art, that no one is more in need of something to speak for them than the inarticulate - and with that it takes the secret pull of comic geekdom and elevates it to a kind of bittersweet, obsessive romanticism.
Just another rote space adventure. It's not actively awful, but there isn't a single damn thing in the least bit surprising or memorable about it.
ROFL
The Marvel Cinematic Universe was getting a little too safe and dangerously repetitive. Guardians of the Galaxy gleefully breaks all the rules.
By its very construction Guardians of the Galaxy is trying to both be smug and self-aware, but also heroic and adventurous. For the most part the film manages to pull off this balance, making for a fun and many ways laudable film.
Once touted as their riskiest film to date, it is artistically and politically as conservative a film as Marvel Studios has ever made.
With or without whatever comes next, Guardians of the Galaxy is a fully entertaining and visually overwhelming experience.
By the end, you'll have been winked at so much you may think you've been staring at a strobe light for nearly two hours.
It's the snarking and sniping among the principals that gives the picture its spark.
Guardians Of The Galaxy is one of Marvel's best films simply because it doesn't really feel like it's part of the Marvel universe at all.
At worst, you can say this new Marvel entry can't quite compete with its predecessors. Still, it's impressive what the studio can do with even its second-tier material.
Behold! "Guardians of the Galaxy" is the type of movie where every second sentence starts with "behold!"
Demonstrates that you don't need to rely on name-brand do-gooders to make rousing, funny, even endearing entertainment. It's a scrappy, smart-alecky space opera with a heart, and probably the most fun to be had in a movie theater this summer.
Guardians of the Galaxy is the unranked underdog that stepped in the arena with the best comic book films ever made, and walked out of the ring with the belt.
The film is terribly overstuffed and many of the jokes get drowned out by the special effects.
Enormous fun from beginning to end.
Guardians of the Galaxy may be constructed as an action spectacle first and foremost, but it also features some of the strongest character work yet glimpsed in a Marvel Studios production.
Guardians of the Galaxy is an absolutely crackling action-adventure film, a dazzling and engaging bit of optimistic sci-fi melodrama.
This space caper has its head in the clouds and its tongue, firmly in cheek.
From the opening credits to the final reel, there's a genuine swagger about the whole film. It exudes charm and confidence throughout, and is flippant in all the best possible ways.
Guardians Of The Galaxy is Marvel-lite: a brisk and breezy superhero movie that provides plenty of visual spectacle and humour but is sometimes undermined by its own facetiousness.
To misquote Forrest Gump's mother, Guardians of the Galaxy is like a box of chocolates. Or rather, it's like a vast, family-sized festive crate of chocolates, all wrapped in the shiniest packaging, all exploding with sweetness and surprises.
Freewheeling, endlessly engaging, funny as hell, Guardians Of The Galaxy is a relentless crossfire of zingers and crazy visuals.
James Gunn succeeds at turning a relatively familiar and kinda dumb story into an impressively emotional and satisfying journey.
One of the most entertaining, fun, thrilling, heartfelt and beautiful summer blockbusters we've seen.
What's safe to say is that 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' is the most charming Marvel movie so far.
James Gunn's vividly idiosyncratic spin on Marvel's renegade misfits, Guardians of the Galaxy, certainly represents a bracingly fizzy cinematic blast to the increasingly formulaic 'summer superhero' format.
A rocking space odyssey that gate crashes Marvel's cinematic stable and instantly becomes the life of the party
Despite occasional disregard for the laws of physics, much of the imagery displayed onscreen is so realistic and thrill-inducing that sometimes even the plot becomes almost secondary during the more intensely visual sequences.
Colourful, tongue-in-cheek fun, purpose-built for grown-up lovers of kitsch '80s science-fiction.
"A deviation from the Marvel formula, a gloriously, defiant weird movie that nevertheless proves to be an enormous crowd-pleaser."
I predict fans will eat this up, but I was hoping for something more accessible.
Mad, marvellous and all kinds of sci-fi magical, Guardians Of The Galaxy is Marvel's riskiest but most surprising success yet.
A near-perfect mix of action, humour, imagination and wondrous special effects.
A Marvel movie hasn't been this much fun to watch since the Avengers assembled.
Whip-smart, pop-literate, self-aware humour saves the day (and the universe, come to think of it).
It may well lack the full-blown A-list casting that defines other Marvel films, but the performances here are all pretty much spot on with the film bristling with energy and entertainment.
A brand new summer family blockbuster this may be, but it plays by old, half-forgotten rules; trimming out the clutter and cross-referencing for snappy, streamlined, Saturday-cartoon fun.
"Guardians of the Galaxy" is a smart, funny movie at war with dumb explosions and other special effects. It also celebrates them.
Part George Lucas and part Chuck Jones, Guardians of the Galaxy has enough scrappy heart and smart humor to make it seem like the best possible kind of product, one where the talent of all involved makes it easy to enjoy their hustle.
Possibly one of the funniest (and strangest) Marvel movies yet, James Gunn and his cast deliver an infinitely entertaining space opera that's really something quite special.
The cheeky comic tone keeps things buoyant - as does Chris Pratt's winning performance as the most blissfully spaced-out space crusader this side of Buckaroo Banzai.
On pure entertainment value, you'd be hard-pressed to find a movie this summer as good as Marvel's latest.
Guardians of the Galaxy is a pleasant surprise from start to finish, an all-rounder of a blockbuster that excels in making us laugh as potently as it awes with its sensational action packed style.

@highlight

Guardians of the Galaxy is just as irreverent as fans of the frequently zany Marvel comic would expect -- as well as funny, thrilling, full of heart, and packed with visual splendor.