Confusing French drama has shocking violence, nudity.
Marion Cotillard and Charlotte Gainsbourg momentarily bring verve to proceedings.
Decked out in the classy colours of the high-end French art film, Ismael's Ghosts is probably easier to enjoy if you make no attempt to fit its disjointed units together.
...did its protagonist's increasing bewilderment really have to be paralleled by such extremes of disjointedness and pseudiness in the film itself?
With no discernible axis on which to see things turn and a refusal to ground the narrative in a place where characters behave slightly recognisably to the real world, there is nothing to hold on to throughout this preposterous, contrived outing.
Like one of the thin-skinned, self-sabotaging protagonists that inhabit his films, director Arnaud Desplechin takes a promising premise and turns it into a spiralling vortex of shouty navel-gazing.
Gregoire Hetzel's urgent score, pared-down editing and these mandarins' characterful faces promise a byzantine, satisfying tale.
This director's cut might smack of self-indulgence, but it also says much about love and loss and the language of an artform that flirts with realism while remaining an illusion.
A film that irritates more often than it amuses.
It's rarely boring, but golly it's indulgent.
To nobody's surprise, Desplechin keeps a lot of plates spinning effortlessly.
Despite some stylistic flourishes and the occasional moment of surreal humour, Arnaud Desplechin's sprawling drama is a self-indulgent mess.
A multi-character mess...
In the end, it all feels too much of a self-indulgence to take seriously.
A remarkable movie... [Full Review in Spanish]
Of course, the movie frustrates but its confusions push Desplechin toward something vital, the way his characters respond to the disjointed absurdities with which he confronts them.
It's all very artfully done, with plenty of inventive camera work by Irina Lubtchansky. But I found it unsatisfying, even as a slice of life; it seemed more of a julienne.
There are moments in this movie that are richer than anything you can possibly see in a movie theater this month, scenes that will fill you with awe.
Ismael's Ghosts is a film defined by its excesses, and the most frustrating thing about it is that the leaner, better film is staring you in the face the entire time.
Ismael's Ghosts drops a number of seemingly disparate ingredients into a stew that ends up coalescing into a satisfying treat, full of surprises and flavors you wouldn't expect.
It's true that, even on a more complete viewing, not everything in "Ismael's Ghosts" coheres. If it did, I suspect the movie would not feel quite so alive.
This is an absolute chore to sit through.
This is billed as the "Director's Cut," leading one to wonder if the previous cut might have made more sense; at the least, it would have been mercifully shorter.
As Ismael, Almaric grounds the unwieldy film...delivering an incisive performance that imbues his subtlest gestures with searing turmoil.
The rich characters and sharp dialogue help to overcome some of the more confusing detours and dense melodramatic segments.
Desplechin mines his earlier films and his cultural obsessions for a formidable trove of narrative complications, which he flings into the script with admirable abandon but without directorial audacity to match.
There's one scene -- in which Cotillard dances alone to Bob Dylan's "It Ain't Me Babe" while Gainsbourg looks on quietly -- that might have you begging for the earth to open up and swallow you whole.
Arnaud Desplechin loves stories - the ones you show on a screen, that people regale others with that reveal delusions and dreams, that we tell ourselves in order to survive.
I wish Desplechin would have just centered the film on these actors and expanded their relationship to one another. Now that's a good movie. The rest of the film ultimately interferes with what would have been a great story, instead of a mildly good one.
The film feels very personal, as if writer/director Arnaud Desplechin were sorting out his thoughts, processes and demons onscreen.
It's Desplechin-Amalric again, and they've done just fine for 21 years. This movie makes one hope for more Desplechin-Amalric-Cotillard though.
Desplechin is here to remind us that all readings are subjective, that stories end differently depending on who's doing the telling and who's doing the listening.
Multiple meanings are Desplechin's bread and butter and the fertile terrain of his mostly wonderful films. Like Ismael, though, he seems to have lost the thread that will tie together his stories and generate something for us to chew over.
Just as Ismaël's insufferability can be excused by his genuine talent, so can Desplechin's. The first two acts of "Ismael" are satisfying enough to excuse its shark-jumping third.
An unforgettable experience.
As a quasi-comedy about an artist chasing his own tail, Ismael's Ghosts eventually falls prey to many of the same tendencies it initially appeared to be satirizing.
There's no way around it: The whole, here, is a mess. Even with the extra minutes, the film seems unfinished, the connections among its disparate scenarios vague and arbitrary.
Marion Cotillard is a knockout as a "dead" woman who returns to her home after a twenty-years' disappearance.
Arnaud Desplechin's frenetic follow-up to the ethereal and sensitive coming-of-age romance My Golden Days (2015) represents as much a deliberate revival of the idiosyncratic French auteur's cinematic obsessions as a liberating move away from them.
... the film ends up feeling disconnected, unbalanced and even distant from its central triangle... [Full review in Spanish]
Flush with stylistic elegance and brio.
This is one ghost that can be swiftly laid to rest.
The story of Ismael's Ghosts was bewitching, a puzzle of stories and characters that each unlocked the true reality of Ismael's world and life.
A disconcerting and irregular (but never inconsequential) is the new film by the talented director Arnaud Desplechin. [Full review in Spanish]
Mixing story elements from other touchstone films and funneling them through his unique style, Desplechin has delivered a familiar if agreeable valentine to the medium itself.
Although Desplechin is an estimable author, this time his project didn't worked. [Full review in Spanish]
It all sounds silly, but in a cheesy way, with no sense of ridicule. [Full review in Spanish]
Ismael's Ghosts is suffocating, frantic in its plot, and, finally, frayed in excess. [Full review in Spanish]
An imperfect work, deeply unbalanced, but abounding in stimulating ideas. [Full review in Spanish]
The actors save it. Amalric and Gainsbourg especially make Ismael and Sylvia two people who we really care about.
Like the director at the center of his story, Desplechin allows self-indulgence to get in the way.
A freewheeling gambit, hurtling in multiple directions at once, and it's thrilling to watch Desplechin try juggle them all.
Arnaud Desplechin's latest simultaneously collapses and expands his entire body of work, reflexively revealing its many layers, like a pop-up book.
To say that Desplechin loses the thread would only be partially accurate. It's more like he lights the thread on fire like a fuse.
The cost of the film's shapeshifting is that it's hard to invest in it as anything other than a movie-making game - but for Desplechin's impish purposes, it's a price worth paying.
The spy story-within-a-story is moderately interesting and makes for a surprise or two, but the rest of it is utterly unbelievable.
A work whose pleasures and complexities can't be fully grasped or appreciated in a single viewing.
The grace-notes of humour and whimsy simply take over, and the movie accelerates into a headlong rush towards absurdity and farce.
The zany confidence of the approach is admirable, but what starts off as exuberance starts to wear thin. Pretty soon you start waiting for the film, not to end - that already feels optimistic - but simply to stop.
A narrative that is not necessarily fully comprehensible as a stand-alone item but which takes great pleasure in playing with all of the writer-director's obsessions, themes and styles.
If "Ismael's Ghosts" were a meal, it would be a massive slab of off-tasting meat alternative, wrapped in fake bacon, cooked in margarine, then covered in dairy-free imitation cheese.

@highlight

Ismael's Ghosts unites an excellent cast -- and their valiant efforts are often enough to counter its somewhat confused and disjointed story.