A tense, suspense-filled thriller with an element of the underdog about it.
... Grand Piano is a movie that puts style over substance to great effect.
There is little point going into the motives of the man calling the shots in Damien Chazelle's script as they are ridiculous and ill-conceived.
Director Eugenio Mira manages to keep Grand Piano visually stimulating even when writer Damien Chazelle's script gets silly.
Excessive in its simplicity, yet simplistic in its excess, 'Grand Piano' is a sharp thriller that knows exactly what it is and what it wants to do -- like any good concert, the goal is to entertain, and it succeeds fairly well.
Grand Piano can be enjoyed from multiple perspectives: it will satisfy the film buff, the tech hound, and the sit-back-and-be-entertained audience.
Eugenio Mira's Grand Piano is a stylish and taut thriller that wastes no time on spectacle, instead choosing to meticulously focus on story, characters, atmosphere and building tension throughout.
...quite engaging for the duration of its 90 minutes.
Entertainingly preposterous ...
It's ridiculously far-fetched, and classical concertgoers will wince at the script's wilful blunders, but flamboyant camerawork and a delicious streak of dark humour make it ridiculously enjoyable, too.
The tension fizzles once the reasons for the gunman's motives become evident. A shame, as it's an intriguing conceit.
The concept of this real time thriller is, of course, extremely silly, but it keeps you entertained.
It's a crazy if occasionally engaging mess.
Complete codswallop but not entirely awful.
Some inspired grace notes elevate a thriller that's more De Palma than Hitchcock.
The filmmaking virtuosity is admirable, but in the end it's more flat than sharp.
Nicely composed and played with an endearing sense of Hitchcockian humour, Grand Piano is well worth a tinkle.
If you're willing to suspend your disbelief, this is a taut and inventive exercise in style over substance.
More concept that complete movie, despite serious style from the director and the cast's considerable conviction. Sadly, there's no masking the plot's piano-sized holes.
An involving, Hitchcockian tale of a persecuted man fighting for redemption against the most unlikely of circumstances.
At just 90 minutes, Grand Piano fades out right before it begins to overstay its welcome.
Grand Piano may be a bit silly at times, but the thrills it produces are enough to overcome its weaknesses.
Builds up a good momentum of suspense only to throw it away on a rushed and powerfully unsatisfying ending, rendering all its preposterousness suddenly unforgivable.
The smartly paced and well-acted film has some genuine visual flair within its single location.
...é como ficar num elevador estragado com um amigo bêbado: embora ele possa até te fazer rir em função da embriaguez, a experiência perde a graça quando você se dá conta de que terá de passar os próximos 90 minutos preso ao seu lado.
Preposterous, but much anxious fun.
"Grand Piano" is an ambitious effort that plays dumb.
Grand Piano should be taken with a winter's supply of road salt, but if you can get past the absurdity of it all you are in for a pretty good time.
The cat-and-mouse suspense is evenly handled with Damien Chazelle's tight script - except for the killer's fuzzy motivation.
We'll accept a certain number of implausibilities in this sort of high-concept thriller. Impossibilities are something else
Grand Piano's trick is a simple one, but Mira does a decent job of milking it for everything it's worth.
Not all the right notes are hit in "Grand Piano," but for an elegantly schizoid B movie, it's more B-sharp than B-flat.
directed by Eugenio Mira as if Brian DePalma and Dario Argento just watched the climax of Alfred Hitchock's "The Man Who Knew Too Much" with a chaser of "Stage Fright."
An extended set piece in the classical sense, with tension that starts high and remains elevated throughout.
Thanks to a script that finds witty ways to make the seemingly impossible work, the otherwise unbelievable nature of this narrative manages to support the stylistic choices being employed.
While Grand Piano is not as good as Hitchcock's oeuvre [as some critics have said], it can at least be compared to some of the better suspense films of Brian De Palma. And that's nothing to sneeze at.
This sly thriller overcomes its silly setup with a blend of cinematic artistry and fine-tuned tension.
"Grand Piano" is a tidy and tension-filled exercise in terror that takes stage fright to literal extremes.
While Grand Piano certainly doesn't best any of the icons of its genre, its improvisations are interesting, and at least that's something.
Once you accept that "Grand Piano" is B-movie pulp, there's a certain amount of fun to be had. This proudly old-fashioned movie will pull any trick in the book to hold your attention.
The timbre and tone is one of relentless suspense, and Wood's slight frame and intense gaze are perfectly suited to the role.
As the director, Mira strikes many of the right touches visually.
Grand Piano is a screenwriter's fantasy of a self-conscious Hitchcockian thriller, daringly written, improbably made - and more unbelievably made well.
the ride outweighs the abrupt, mechanical end
This thriller set in a concert hall is a stunt, but a damn good one. Maybe risk hasn't died yet in filmmaking.
With nearly a dozen production companies and financiers presenting it, "Piano" is nothing more than a way for moneyed muckety-mucks to be part of the movie biz.
The only way I can make sense of this movie is to imagine it was made on a dare: Someone bet Spanish director/composer Eugenio Mira he couldn't do "Speed," but with a piano instead of a bus - and the guy likes to prove people wrong.
Grand Piano teaches a valuable cinematic lesson: if you're going to go crazy, go spectacularly crazy... and be committed.
Small on scale, this terse thriller plays us like a finely tuned, well, you know.
The tempo is swift though the timbre is hollow in this superficially engrossing thriller, which channels the go-for-broke spirit of Brian De Palma and Dario Argento without quite attaining the same senses-altering fervor.
Even after the story falls apart, you still feel you've seen something. Grand Piano has savoir-faire to burn.
There's a playfulness to Grand Piano that is deeply rewarding. It's slick, 35mm lensing is drenched in bold colours, interesting compositions and in some sequences a sense of virtuosic camera trickery.
Whatever liberties this takes with what REALLY happens in classical music concerts, this thriller's a corker.
A not-quite-horror film, Eugenio Mira's appealingly absurd thriller sets out to tickle viewers rather than terrorize them.
An original enough idea: that a pianist will be killed if he fails to play a piece without a single mistake.
Eugenio Mira thrills in watching his main character attempt to worm his way out of a most unusual hostage situation, synching his indulgences of style to the pianist's wily physical maneuvering.
[Grand Piano] keeps a frothing-at-the-mouth level of insane melodrama going for 75 minutes, aided by [Elijah] Wood's sweaty, terrified performance, a screenplay rich in ridiculous contrivances, and a swooping camera that never stands still.
The suspense is as taut and responsive as piano wire.
The best movie that Alfred Hitchcock never made, Grand Piano is a wild ride that features several enjoyably silly twists and turns and a grandstanding central performance from Elijah Wood.
Grand Piano carries style and grace that gives the upper crust of society their own Speed-like adventure.
Takes a simple premise, one that could have easily fallen into repetition at feature length, and transforms it into a thriller of indelible polish and tingling verve.
there is considerable virtuosity here in the execution of the cinematography and set design - but the pleasures are chiefly of a technical nature, with the screenplay too contrived to engage.
"Phone Booth in a concert hall" -- except that it's quite a bit better than that.
The pandering finale is a minor dent in an otherwise crisply executed thriller, guaranteeing that any future night at the local orchestra will never feel innocent again. Not even piano playing is safe from lunatics.
Probably the best Brian De Palma movie he never made, "Grand Piano" expands the boundaries of single-location, real-time mysteries like "Phone Booth" and "Panic Room" with a brilliantly simple concept and nimble, elegant style.
With a game lead actor and no shortage of ingenuity, Mira applies his considerable artistic talent to this stack of baloney as if it were a brilliantly crafted and fully plausible thriller.

@highlight

Grand Piano is so tense in its best moments -- and appealingly strange overall -- that it remains rewarding in spite of its flaws.