Un parcours vers une existence un peu plus normale que Coixet illustre avec tact et simplicité en tirant merveilleusement profit de l'immense talent de ses deux interprètes
Heartache is guaranteed. And so it is in The Secret Life of Words, a strangely beautiful film about an ugly memory that Hanna (Sarah Polley) carries for the rest of her life
Can't resist the meaningful political backstory that will transform her characters into symbols--that is, into ventriloquist dummies rattling off humdrum rhetoric.
Can't hold the weight of its own pretensions.
The film succeeds mainly as a story of the connective, regenerative tissue between words and silence on the level strength of its listeners.
Coixet's screenplay may be a little slow in spots and someof the supporting characters are not very well drawn, but the spotlight is on the two leads, and both Robbins and Polley come through. There's some twee voiceover that mars the film's beginning and
The claustrophobic and artificial atmosphere of the setting is unfortunately matched by the equally artificial drama.
Out in the north sea--no harbor for pain both physical and psychological--except what contact with the right human being may provide in the way of a cure.
What pleasure there is to be wrung from the exceptionally banal The Secret Life of Words lies in the harsh, unforgiving beauty (lyrically shot by Jean-Claude Larrieu) and wonderfully strange social life of the isolated rig.
Making it work onscreen requires a Herculean effort from the actors, a task to which Polley and Robbins -- as well as their supporting cast -- are more than adequately suited.
This thing is very, very deep. So deep in fact that getting the bends is a distinct possibility.
There may be no young actress today better at embodying a blend of wounded innocence and stoic pride than Sarah Polley. In The Secret Life of Words, she has a part worthy of her gifts.
Though I continue to have strong reservations about the stylistic abstractions in Ms. Coixet's narrative, the performances given by Ms. Polley, Mr. Robbins and Ms. Christie take me a long way in accepting and recommending the whole package.
Director Isabel Croixet creates an intriguing, enclosed world aboard the ship
Meditative, slow-paced examination of how post-traumatic stress syndrome affects two troubled people who connect on a windswept oil rig in the Irish Sea.
Like Ceylan -- like many a fine director -- Coixet has made her film less as a drama than as the traversal of a state of mind, a mood.
In due course skeletons will march out of closets, but the movie yields up its secrets with slow reluctance.
A series of conversations that are sometimes clever and sometimes feel like screenwriting exercises about the details of life, but are always well acted.
Far from feeling that we've been hoodwinked into watching a film with a strong social message, we can only marvel at how eloquently and incontrovertibly it states its case.
Sarah Polley is such a wonderful actress, it's a shame she's not a bigger star.
Given the physical limitations of their characters, Polley and Robbins give remarkably compelling performances, and though the resolution of their slowly evolving relationship is a bit too pat, it is one you won't soon forget.
As its title suggests, this eccentric film written and directed by Isabel Coixet, contemplates the insufficiency of language to encapsulate traumatic experience.
A tantalizing and beautiful picture made with tremendous integrity, and anchored by two marvelous performances, Isabel Coixet's The Secret Life of Words still, somehow, doesn't quite work.
The Secret Life of Words transcends the limitations of its pat two-character-play core, becoming a deeply affecting existential drama about the healing power of communally felt pain.
A compelling drama about a traumatized young woman who keeps to herself and finds a way out of silence by sharing her secret with someone who cares.
Can a single scene save a movie? An hour and 20 minutes into The Secret Life of Words, Sarah Polley delivers a halting, evocative 10-minute monologue that finally unlocks the mystery behind her guarded character.
The most satisfying romance of 2006.
You never know what makes a person act strangely until, given the rapport another can establish, the truth comes out tohelp liberate--as it does nicely in this film.
On one level, the director can be lauded for going for the gut at the expense of everything else. But a bit of homework wouldn't hurt.
Un drama intimista sobre el peso del pasado, la soledad, y la necesidad de sanar heridas profundas. Excelentes actuaciones de Sarah Polley y Tim Robbins.
"The Secret Life Of Words" manages to mesmerize and engage, if not fully involve.
Sarah Polley gives a wonderfully searching performance, as a woman in a state of extreme isolation.
Polley not only speaks volumes with her wary, hooded eyes and closed body language, she provides the silent emotion anchor the movie badly needs.
A serious, heartfelt piece from a filmmaker concerned with human rights issues.
A frustrating film full of many wonderful parts that the filmmaker ultimately betrays.
In plain terms, it's boring, but at least the soundtrack is good.
The true force of The Secret Life of Words, as would be appropriate, is encapsulated almost completely in its strong dialogues.



@highlight

The Secret Life of Words is a slow, mannered drama, but with a revelatory and powerful ending that rewards the patient viewer.