Yes, both Channing Tatum and Zulay Henao... have careers for their looks alone, and they'd have better careers delivering pizza than delivering dialogue.
Call a movie Fighting, you expect action. Only include shots of Channing Tatum shirtless in the trailer, you expect to see half-naked Tatum. Fighting doesn't deliver either.
Channing Tatum (GI Joe: Rise of the Cobra) is crazy beautiful, and perfectly cast as a slow, troubled young man.
the protagonist happens to be played by an actor who looks more like a fashion model than tough street fighter
Fighting consistently feels like a patchwork of better movies without their excitement or rooting interest in character.
There's something interesting in this film and that's the reality it brings to its subject matter. Scenes seem real. And that's a lot to do with the performances. They're all terrific. But there's the reality of New York too, there's grit here.
Despite the formulaic script and cringe worthy moments, the performances from the leads and creation of the subculture are well executed by director Montiel.
The only thing you'll be 'fighting' is your lagging attention span.
Montiel and his collaborators can pat themselves on the back for elevating empty material just a bit, but this is disposable cinema, designed to hit and run after an opening weekend. [Blu-ray]
Entertaining and engaging, Fighting has action, romance and a buddy element in a tight, professional package
Fighting is a testosterone-driven movie full of blood, beautiful women, big muscles and enough plot to be a good movie.
All of this, however, is plainly just a veneer on a solidly generic punch-up movie, and it thus becomes a drag. A more cartoonish approach would probably have been more fun.
While everything is highly predictable, the film is well designed and bone-crushingly violent fights are ably staged in Brooklyn.
Quite how that will go down with his testosterone-fuelled, spotty audience, I have no idea.
The problem is that, even with some very strong acting, we're never quite convinced to believe either the relationships or situations.
The tell-it-as-it-is title hardly indicates anything out of the ordinary, but this bare-knuckle boxing flick is put together with more love than you'd expect.
Like a poor man's Fight Club, Fighting is hardly a heavyweight. But with an enjoyable performance from Terrence Howard, the film is no disaster.
There are no surprises here - this is a story that has been told before, many times. But Tatum gives us a glimpse of the charisma that could make him a star.
You couldn't call Fighting great - at its core it is simply too cruddy - but Montiel has managed to inject it with the smell and feel of the streets that he clearly once knew well.
Montiel's film lands on its feet with a gripping, will-he-or-won't-he third act - it's worth the wait.
The film is lifted slightly by the performances of Howard and Tatum, even though the latter's mumbling delivery is more Stallone than De Niro. But even Rocky's narrative had a redemptive arc.
Fighting has nothing to say about men willing to pummel each other senseless. Montiel's second feature is a facile, unchallenging watch, floating like a butterfly but stinging a bit like one, too.
If you want to see a shirtless hunk knocking the shit out of fierce fighters, who better to do it than gorgeous hottie Channing Tatum.
Shot with pace, energy and gusto, the rucks are worthy of the title. Featherweight, but not without scrappy charm.
Despite its dog-eared underpinnings, Fighting delivers some heady testoster-tainment. But it's Channing Tatum who gives it a bruising grace.
The talented cast deserved better than turgid direction and a cliched script.
While there are punch-ups aplenty, it's less concerned with bruised knuckles and more interested in the bruised personalities of its protagonists, making for a thoughtful, if rarely electrifying, movie.
There's the expected amount of fist-play and bloodletting, this is also a nicelymade movie that ably confirms suitably muscular Channing Tatum as a young talent to keep an eye on.
The bone-crunching punch-ups will knock you out, but if you want surprises you need to watch a real match.
It's lively, relentlessly cliché-ridden and, for no good reason - this certainly doesn't contribute to an air of authenticity - presented in a succession of apparently and often uncomfortably semi-improvised scenes.
The brawls have a brutal energy, and Howard's performance is magnetic, but one gains little sense of character from the improvised dialogue or Tatum's sub-Brando mumbling.
Fighting isn't a dreadful film, just one where it's best not to expect any great surprises.
This one's a cut above, despite the sellout ending, thanks to its vivid capturing of New York's hustle and flow, and surprisingly deep-rooted turns by the perfectly matched Howard and Tatum.
The audience are left with something in the middle-not enough brains, not enough brawn, and, most importantly, NOT ENOUGH RUDDY FIGHTING.
This should be a fun ride but it's a kind of pointless movie that beggars belief it was made in the first place let alone given a big screen cinema release. Go rent Rocky instead.
Both Howard and Tatum do strong, measured work, imbuing some of the film's terrible dialogue with a soulfulness that almost carries it through. But this is no Midnight Cowboy - it's not even Rocky.
This is watchable enough, but there isn't really much more to Fighting than, well, the fighting.
As predictable as picking the winner in a WWE wrestling match.
pretty much everything you need to know about this by-the-numbers clunker is summarized in the one-word title
It's not a great film, or even a particularly good one, but every so often you catch glimpses of a better movie behind the simplistic structure and formulaic plot.
For all its attention to local "color", Fighting focuses on the white boy's progress.
Its generic and lazy title notwithstanding, Fighting is almost a good movie.
This is Rocky for the UFC generation . . . but what Dito Montiel's film lacks in subtlety it makes up for with heartfeltness, though not quite artfulness.
If you need an actor to look good in an underground street fight, hire Channing Tatum.
The fights may not be very convincing, but the story's underdog structure is satisfying in a happy-cliché sort of way. Fighting is Rocky without the bombast, Fight Club without the daft metaphysical pretensions.
...shapeless and sloppy...
A sad-solid TKO.
Sitting through it isn't so much a chore as it is an opportunity for a nap which, I'm assuming, isn't quite the type of knockout the people behind it were hoping for.
Filmed... with a colorful, grimy intimacy that unabashedly showcases all of the oozing pores that the filmmakers can find, but never makes its settings seem unpleasant or unlivable.
Most damaging to the film is perhaps its futile insistence that it's somehow more than a bargain-basement B picture.
The movie isn't that great but Channing Tatum and Terrence Howard are.
While the characters are interesting, their situation is banal, and the fighting footage is absolutely terrible.
This is a story we've seen dozens of times before.
There's an effective, unstylized authenticity to those fights. A life or death mania, which enhanced the film's credibility.
Grainy photography, unexpected wit, action, and some earthy realism elevate it above its cliches.
It's like in all this drama, they forgot to have a scene.
The movie Dito Montiel actually wanted to make might be less marketable than one prominently featuring Tatum rumbling with ethnic stereotypes, but it'd be more interesting.
Fighting arrives fully charged by the charisma of its star, Channing Tatum.
There's a better movie inside it struggling to get out.
By making good use of its New York setting, Montiel does bring a certain indie grit to the generic story.
It's all well-enough acted, but an audience young enough to find this dramatically fresh will be disappointed that Fighting isn't the non-stop head-smacking bloodbath they are promised going in.
There's only so much you can do with a cliché.
The screenplay about a hunky street vendor turned underground fighter (Channing Tatum of Stop-Loss) is sloppy and false.
FIGHTING may find an audience on home video, where the flaws become easier to tune out and the things that are good - and that are, on occasion, legitimately great - are easier to focus on.
Wait for DVD or, better yet, cable television, where you can change the channel every time Tatum stops fighting and starts talking.
Though by no means original or especially ambitious, Fighting turns out to be a surprisingly watchable B-movie.
Surprisingly this turns out to be the real deal, full of ferocious, red-hot, action-packed dynamite.
Disarmingly entertaining.
It is Tatum's performance that leads us to praise men of brute innocence.
At every turn, Fighting is alive and unexpected.
In a genre where too many films are all brawn and no brain, Fighting is a contender.
The atmosphere of Fighting feels grittily real, even when the story does not.
Rock musician-turned-director Dito Montiel fails to make much of a fist with his second feature, Fighting, though he deserves points for trying to add some contemporary New York City grit.
This story of a country boy who goes to the big city and uses his brawn to make his way is so slow it's almost inert.
They should have thrown in the towel before it even began.
B movie w/ a strong right hook. Other strong hooks include Terrance Howard and Luis Guzman. Subtle, Channing Tatum delievers a solid performance as well (dancer to figher).
Replacing a dance off with bloody knuckles is just bad movie making.
A film that could only possibly entertain two very specific groups of people--those who want to watch Channing Tatum and those who want to watch Channing Tatum get punched in the face repeatedly
Parental Content Review
The first rule of Fighting is: You don't talk about Fighting. So please just pretend you can hear me giggling derisively instead.
I am trying to pinpoint just when I realized how terrible this film really was. It could have been the fact that it hit a dead end around twenty minutes in.
I think the screenplay is punchdrunk.
You might expect a movie called Fighting to be a blunt, literal affair, and in the case of Dito Montiel's new film, you would not be wrong.
When it's not throwing punches, Fighting moves at a glacial pace. For a film about fighting there sure is a lot of talking.
the weirdest thing about Fighting is how it seems to be fighting itself, as if there were a much longer movie left on the cutting room floor
Has stylish editing and moderately exciting action sequences, but that doesn't come close to compensating for a contrived, bland screenplay that ultimately lacks palpable thrills and fails to pack any real punches when it comes to drama and romance.
The first rule of fight flicks? For God's sake, don't be boring.
The ladies in the crowd will be demanding a refund when it takes far too long for Tatum to show off those abs of steel.
[Tatum is] believably tough and appealing, but the long stretches of nothing between the fights make this a chore to sit through -- without a fast-forward button.
Stuck between the aggressively dumb and violent and movie its audience might be expecting and the subtle, tender movie Montiel seems to be aiming for, Fighting never quite finds its groove.
It's all footnotes, hardly any main story, and overcompensates by jacking up the violence.
Still, the biggest problem with ighting is that Fight Club (which was released 10 years ago) got there first. On almost every level -- pacing, humor, originality, the choreography of the fight scenes -- Fighting can't touch it.
A better title might have been Talking as fighting plays second fiddle, maybe even third fiddle, in this gritty tale set in the world of New York street fighting.
A purpose-free, self-serious yawner that is just dreary, uninspired and hopelessly forgettable.
Montiel's debut indicated that he had something real to say about working-class life, but none of that passion comes through here.
The movie courses with the crazy energy and urban life that usually get sapped out of these tales of men beating the life out of each other. This one feels almost electrically authentic.
a film that is, itself, fighting to break free of its own contrivances and conventions
As painful as the movie's bloody bare-knuckle brawls can be to watch, they don't hold a candle to the frightening spectacle of Tatum brooding or, yikes, Terrence Howard doing whatever it is Terrence Howard's doing in this movie.
Though its rough-around-the-edges style occasionally veers into outright sloppiness, the film is an antidote to slick studio product like 2008's MMA advertisement Never Back Down, and it infuses even its clichés with the poetry of the everyday.
White-knuckle action and bruisingly bad dialogue make for an uneven but wildly entertaining fight flick.
I like the way the personalities are allowed to upstage the plot in Fighting, a routine three-act fight story that creates uncommonly interesting characters.
Fighting evocatively captures the texture of New York City
May not score a knockout, but it sure wins on points.
As innocuous as its title, this modest indie about underground street fighting boasts a gritty tongue-in-cheek attitude but (sorry) packs little punch.
The film's a watchable and forgettable cliché stack, with a cherry on top.
The rest of the narrative is a smear of gangster clichés, head-slapping collisions of coincidence, and shirtless Tatum scowling. One has to wonder how a homeless street fighter has the time and tools to shave his entire upper body on a daily basis.
For all the utter phoniness of Fighting... [it's] not so bad.
There's a lot of honest effort and investment here in character and emotion, which feels refreshing.
Director Dito Montiel's jump from indie to studio film is mostly a successful one.
Tatum's limited acting abilities and Montiel's lack of a consistent vision for his film keeps it from ever delivering on a promising central premise.
Strangely, perhaps because Tatum is so likable, a sympathetic attraction is maintained well enough for you to leave the theater not complaining.
Murderously dull stretches of dialogue suck most of the fun out of this sloppy drama about a country boy trying to make a buck in the big city by moonlighting as an underground prizefighter.
Too dumb to be taken seriously and too slow to be a fun and mindless B flick, Fighting ends up being not much of anything.
What Montiel found on the streets of his native Queens in A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints, which he adapted from his own memoir, eludes him in his sophomore go-round. He's still a legitimate contender in my book, but in Fighting he's shadow boxing.
The director plays a visual game of three card monte on us for this silly, weakly acted and yet sometimes entertaining variation on the 'Big Fight' movie formula.
Why does it feel like there's a good half-hour missing from the final product? Specifically, the 30 minutes where the characters and motivations are explained?
Too bad the boxing blueprint doesn't provide Montiel the profound insight of Walter Hill's Hard Times and Undisputed which perfectly combined class, ethnicity and existentialism into the two best boxing movies ever made.
It's like an exploitation movie that thinks it's an art movie, only there's no art to be found.
...Fighting is destined to disappoint viewers hoping for an enthralling bit of brawl-centric entertainment...
"Fighting" seems like a no-brainer project for Dito Montiel that he needed to get out of his system before he can move back into an emotionally rarefied world as complex as that of his first film.











@highlight

Though Fighting has a likable lead performer, and the fight scenes are impressive, the paper-thin plot ultimately unravels.