The dynamics are just about perfect, and calibrated for a long chain of terrific scenes...
Carefully crafted and understated.
All four of the lead actors, especially Yeo and Koh, deliver naturalistic performances of a standard that will set the benchmark for years to come.
It's diverting and entertaining, but its drama is so understated that fails to make a lasting impression.
Nobody in Jiale's extended family is happy for long but neither are they miserable. The film achieves a quietly impressive balance as human behaviour swings from serious to funny and back again.
Succinct, handheld camerawork and deft performances amplify the drama's emotional clout.
Ilo Ilo is an affectionate and poignant - if slight - slice of family life.
Ilo Ilo deals with that perennial dilemma of the middle-class working parent: how to deal with the live-in nanny who begins to usurp your role.
Perceptive and tightly built and anchored by such fully human characters.
A gem.
A low-key gentle observant family drama that resonates emotionally with intimacy.
Chen builds his case not with sentimentality and obvious plot points, but through everyday life -- showering, doing laundry, dropping the boy off at school, phone calls.
Thankfully never sentimental, and wisely resisting an easy, happy ending, Ilo Ilo is a surprisingly satisfying import.
The midsection's a little flabby, forcing us to wait for certain plot elements to line up before the third act can begin, but on the whole this is a solid transition from shorts to feature-length storytelling.
That Ilo Ilo is set 10 years before the global financial crisis gives it a small, sad, prophetic power.
The crowded compositions convey a sense of life in the dense Asian city-state, but also the intimacy of this semi-autobiographical story.
This quiet little domestic drama from Singapore reminds us films can achieve near-impossible heights and depths of intimacy and empathy.
It's a simple, straightforward, character-driven drama, reminiscent of the American indies that made their mark during the 1990s.
Anthony Chen, a Singaporean writer-director with a half-dozen shorts to his credit, makes his feature debut with this vividly characterized domestic drama.
With evocative performances, especially from the two women, and a nicely modulated sense of nostalgia, "Ilo Ilo" marks the emergence of a promising new cinematic voice.
This sympathetic and engaging drama is deceptively gentle in its insight - compassionate yet unsentimental.
Low on feel-good pizzazz but absolutely brimming with love and respect.
A lovely, intimate drama of family dynamics under stress, offering an intriguing peek into previously unseen Singaporean middle-class life.
Anthony Chen puts modern Singaporese cinema on the map with this beautifully observed and gently comic family drama.
Chen scurries his handheld camera around the apartment and neighbouring streets like a tyro Truffaut. He could be making Les Quatre cent coos.
Ilo Ilo is filled with sweetness, humour and humanity: so assured and accomplished that it's hard to believe this is a first feature.
A smart, engaging, universal drama.
Not all magically benevolent nannies fly on talking umbrellas, as we learn in this beautifully formed little heart-tugger.
Characters who may seem hopeless begin to suggest a vulnerable side, and none truly deserve the situations that afflict them.
"Ilo Ilo" is writer-director Anthony Chen's first film, but breathtaking intimacy in storytelling is already second nature to him.
The acting is terrific, as is the attention to detail.
By the end of a movie that could have been a tear-jerker, you empathize with everybody equally.
Small details and incidents accrete into a pointillist rendering of despair.
A satisfying beam of compassion.
A subtle, touching tale..It never quite goes where you expect it to, choosing nuance over broad strokes and smaller moments over splashy effects
Chen's interest has a tighter domestic focus, gently probing the unspoken fault lines of class, race and age that run through modern, multicultural Singapore.
A delicate comedy-drama that contains four nicely realized and empathetic characters.
There's a guarded optimism to this hushed, thoughtful miniature, even with our knowledge of the yo-yo economy to come.
The film sketches a genuinely moving portrait of Keng Teck, a failed breadwinner with a wounded ego, whose good nature is revealed in tiny gestures of solidarity with Terry.
Young actor Koh Jia Ler's brave performance recalls "The 400 Blows," he's that great.
A film that is both a vivid portrait of recession-struck Singapore in 1997 and a subdued, bittersweet affair that retains a natural feel.
"Nice" film about new Filipina nanny in Singapore deeper than it looks

@highlight

Quietly compassionate and rich in detail, Ilo Ilo is a strikingly mature debut from writer-director Anthony Chen.