Nick Park's trademark stop-motion animation will always be a delight.
Older viewers will enjoy the nonstop onslaught of playful observations and astute jokes.
A witty and warm-hearted romp.
I suspect that a few weeks from the Russia 2018 World Cup, Early Man will be the best soccer movie of the year.
Early Man is mostly the same for Aardman Animations: a little eccentric, a little erratic, equally hilarious and gross visually, and consistently amusing.
A visually attractive misfire...The charm of stop-motion animation can't quite make up for the ultra-weak story premise and flat characters, with director Nick Park struggling to inject the visual wit we see in Shaun the Sheep and Wallace & Gromit.
Hysterically, the whole thing makes perfectly imperfect sense.
In a cinematic landscape that favours wisecracking motormouths and polished but increasingly generic CGI, Early Man's sweet-natured slapstick and endearingly "primitive" look feel like a welcome counterbalance.
Not vintage Aardman, but there's still fun to be had.
[There] is a better movie lurking inside director Nick Park's hit/miss grab at World Cup football fever relevance. The stereotypically ethnic bad guys feel anachronistic in 2018, too.
A generally wholesome and entertaining confection. The animation is state-of-the-art, but the simple plot mechanics and often rather tired jokes could have benefited from some rewriting.
Aardman has always done this layering of humour, so that adults can enjoy their stories as much as children, but this one pushes the volume up to 11. The glee runneth over from the first shot.
A winning meld of stop motion animation and classic sports movie, Early Man scores big time.
It's a shame so many jokes don't land or feel like lazy puns, but there are plenty of great visual gags.
Propelled by its delightful characters and fuelled by inventive ideas, Aardman magic is alive and well in Nick Park's latest, charming stop frame animation.
The claymation creations are character-filled delights, the vocal cast (which also includes Maisie Williams, Richard Ayoade, Johnny Vegas, Miriam Margolyes and Rob Brydon) is top notch and the gag quotient off the Richter scale.
No, it's not the best work of a studio known for much higher quality, but it's far from terrible. As they say: their heart is in the right place. [Full Review in Spanish]
Not that the movie doesn't have its charms even for non-soccer-fans-though they may want to duck out for popcorn during the big game. Those who love the game can nudge the rating up a notch or two.
The latest romp from Nick Park is a clever look at prehistoric soccer.
In the end, the great charm of the film is that it will seduce fans... and football opponents alike. [Full review in Spanish]
...lovable characters and humor so innocent some may see it as demodé. [Full Review in Spanish]
While not quite up to Wallace and Gromit levels of stop-motion sophistication, Aardman Animations' Early Man assays a delightfully handcrafted, peculiarly British trip back in time, and one that will tickle the wee ones...
Might not be a particularly impressive film, and it darn sure isn't a surprising film, but it is a wonderfully pleasant & pleasurable film.
Silly and derivative, it's a bit of a primeval disappointment.
Early Man is technically-impressive and boasts strong visuals, but its simple story holds it back from reaching its full potential.
The craft work adds points to this film aimed at children that will not disappoint the adults... [Full review in Spanish]
The story is thin, allowing little room for imaginative engagement, and the comedy uninspired. Early Man contains a nice anti-sexism message, but delivers it half-heartedly.
Early Man is not so much a return to form as it is a long overdue comeback -- and a welcome one at that.
...a simple, classic narrative structure. [Full Review in Spanish]
This is sure-fire family entertainment during school vacation week. Indeed, it's for Aardman fans of all ages.
Early Man may not have the punch or pizzazz of a mainstream Hollywood cartoon feature, but it has a tangible charm all its own. As a fan, I wouldn't have it any other way.
Aardman's secret weapon is the textural warmth of the claymation medium. While stop-motion animation is as slow and exacting an art form as you can get, one still has the sense that the filmmakers are engaged in child's play at a kitchen table.
Aardman is a haven for creatures that hail from other species but match us or even outstrip us in proficiency and grace. Early Man, though, is stuffed with men and women...whereas the beasts of the field and the fowls of the air are reduced to extras.
a sly and witty love letter to human perseverance, porcine resourcefulness, and the absolute conviction that English football was sent to us direct from heaven.
Like most of the movies that come out of the stop-motion clay animation studio Aardman, Early Man delivers a funny and delightful story and an astounding work of art.
Nonetheless, by stepping backward in filmmaking technology and content, he creates a story that might endure like a cave painting.
"Early Man" may not be the best of Aardman Animations but it is still a pleasure to watch from start to finish. It has its share of lovable characters, lots of humor and a big heart.
... has enough fast-paced antics for children without pandering or sacrificing more sophisticated gags for adults.
At least there's director Nick Park's playful Silly Putty visual imagination to take your mind off just how thin the story is.
Early Man boasts some of the trademarks of Aardman characters, bemused figures with hearts as big as their oversized chompers. Score this one as "amusing."
The storytelling is too straightforward, the humor is not as inventive as we've come to expect from Aardman and the whole soccer situation is confounding and disappointing.
Coming from a studio and director who've repeatedly found new ways to reinvent the wheel, it's extra disappointing to see them release something so primitive.
"Early Man" is a sly, unexpectedly emotional comedy with lots of goofy laughs and the occasionally inspired bit of business. But fair or not, it's hard not to compare this prehistoric laugher to Aardman's (and Park's) brilliant past.
Mostly, "Early Man" plays like an overstuffed episode of "The Flintstones," riffing on caveman accessories, as well as soccer fandom and hooliganism.
Maybe Early Man isn't Aardman's best work, but it's so wholeheartedly kind and clever that it's impossible not to embrace the ride.
'Early Man' is a minor entry in the Aardman catalogue, but still quite likable and funny.
Early Man does not reinvent the wheel, but leave it to the stop-motion pioneers at Aardman Animations to take a potentially tired storyline and jolt it awake with good-natured humor and subversive social commentary.
...despite the amazing craft behind Aardman's stop motion animation (this time enhanced with CGI effects) and a starry vocal cast, "Early Man" is a bit of a disappointment, cute but slight.
The pun-fueled dialogue is a perfect match for the visual ugliness.
While Early Man scores lower in the wit department than some other Aardman films, the story is still plenty funny and boasts a sweetness that makes up for fewer jokes.
Aardman Animations has always been in the Bronze Age, but with Early Man, they're backtracking into the Stone Age.
Another stop-motion gem from Nick Park and Aardman Animations. Goal!!!!
Charming prehistoric tribute to "sacred game" of soccer.
You know full well whether or not you're the audience for this film. Consider yourself either warned or enabled.
An average Aardman effort is still better than most of what passes for family entertainment, and "Early Man" does win you over, but perhaps just not as much as it should've.
Having found much to laugh at in the first half-hour of Early Man, it is with regret that I have to report that the movie falls off after that.
There's a quaintness about the film, from the animation style to the wholesome jokes, that is refreshing for this pop-culture-obsessed animation era.
"Early Man" is lovingly crafted down to the smallest detail. But its story, a farcical tribute to the early origins of soccer, isn't nearly as sturdy as its presentation.
[T]he movie's sights are a surprising treat. The same cannot be said of the story...
Aardman Animations gives viewers what we didn't know we needed: a football origin story. Early Man is eccentrically funny and mostly warm-hearted.
Among its abundant delights, Early Man doubles as Park's sly statement about his own process, which may seem exceedingly crude and outdated, but has the warmth and personality of a homemade, hand-crafted production.
If just hearing animator Nick Park's name doesn't bring an anticipatory smile to your face, watching a few minutes of the thoroughly amusing "Early Man" will do the trick.
Lesser Aardman but a pleasant little treat.
Tangible and tactile, it creates the feeling of watching kids play with toys, as opposed to today's 3D animation; adults playing with toys. Director Nick Park has carried the torch for stop-motion animation for over a decade now.
It's not a classic, but it's proper fun.
Another gentle charmer from the "Wallace and Grommit" folks.
Despite the extensive digital work in the environments, Early Man's character animation still retains Park's signature handmade feel.
Will obviously appeal especially to soccer-obsessed Europeans, but its consistent strain of genially eccentric British humor should endear it to audiences everywhere.
Clever, engaging and warm, Early Man makes up in charm what it lacks in originality.
As always, Park is delightfully absurd with his stop-motion tomfoolery, although the story by Mark Burton and James Higginson only occasionally reaches the heights of Aardman films past.
While the movie shines at times, its surprisingly stale storyline keeps it from becoming an instant, stop-motion classic.
Poor Dug barely possesses a personality, or a dramatic arc -- so why isn't Goona the lead character?...Kids, of course, will be mesmerized by the delightfully crude stop-motion and the Saturday morning cartoon high jinks.
It was epochs in the making, and, as usual, it was worth every millennium.
... there's just something innately charming about its stop-motion that stops you from ever feeling too disappointed.
Early Man relies on a lot of lazy, easy jokes that were never an issue with Park's earlier work.
Director Nick Park and those creative folks at Aardman Animations have carved out another toothy, gag-filled claymation treat.
Early Man is wanting: of a cleverer narrative, of memorable characters. It's not bad, necessarily. It just feels like an early draft of a better movie to come.
If the destination seems inevitable, there are some nice bits along the way.
I'm a little sorry that this utterly silly feature from Nick Park and Aardman Animations was not around when I was 7 or 8 years old, or when my children were wearing out the Wallace and Gromit videocassettes that someone had given them for Christmas.
"Early Man" is a wonderful family film --- especially for all those soccer- playing little girls and boys out there!
My heartiest laugh came at the very beginning when a volcano erupts, and a bird atop a cliff watching the whole event suddenly dons a pair of sunglasses. Why couldn't there have been more of that type of silly, but funny, humor?
Perhaps something of a disappointment in the grand scale of Aardman achievements, it remains pleasant and periodically inspired.
"Early Man" isn't the most original movie ever made, but it made me laugh and it sent me home with an idiot grin on my face. These days I take what I can get, and so should you.
If Early Man were an Olympic competitor, it wouldn't be breaking any records but would easily qualify for a third-place medal.
It's an entertaining romp that can kill some time, and keep the kids excited with colorful panache.
It's well-crafted and enjoyable. You'll laugh, more than once, but you might not remember why the next day.
If you've already devoured the Wallace and Gromit canon, as well as Chicken Run and Shaun the Sheep, Early Man is a wonderful way of extending their giddy glow, even if it feels like a small step backward.
Looking at "Early Man" as a whole, it combines weirdly funny comedy with a sweet story about what it means to depend on others.
You go expecting a World Cup qualifying round. You leave having just seen a decent enough exhibition match.
The film treads familiar ground by pitting a bunch of Davids vs. egotistical Goliaths on the soccer pitch. But it does so in such a supremely quirky and earnestly heartwarming fashion that it's hard not to be charmed.
It's the sheer silliness of the proposition... that makes Early Man hum along.
Sweetly-jokey film is pretty much a reboot of The Flintstones with soccer, smartly written gags and puns (some over the heads of kids) and various Nick Park animated flourishes.
The by-the-numbers storyline is disappointing considering how imaginative Nick Park's work has proven to be for the last 30 years.
There's a sense of innocence and ingenuity and a central wholesomeness that remains throughout the film. "Early Man" is escapist fun.
Aardman's latest is another total charmer.
It makes a real nice paleontological clambake.
Diversions don't entirely distract from a sense that we've seen "Early Man" before. Cheeky references to Manchester United and "Jurassic pork" only go so far.
For all its humor, Early Man can't overcome the limitations of its premise-one of Park's less fruitful genre mashups.
It's fairly easy to guess where this is heading - well, the giant duck is a bit surprising - and mildly fun getting there.
Although it plays by the standard beats of the sports comedy, Early Man scores thanks to Aardman's trademark charm and wit.
I can't think of a better way to spend two hours at the movies with my family.
That it doesn't feel so desperate to be loved allows Early Man to exist as a kind of plucky underdog. You want it to succeed despite whatever else because it feels homemade, natural, and true to itself.
Nick Park's talents often serve only to highlight the fundamental lack of inspiration at Early Man's core.
[An] unusal comedy that parodies historical-epic cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
Not one of their very best, but adorable. It's comforting to know there'll always be an Aardman.
While the animation remains chock full of invention and the humour reliably athletic, this prehistoric caper somehow ends up being not quite the sum of its many witty and creative parts.
Aardman's work retains the homemade feel that began winning fans 40 years ago. It cheers you up simply to know they still exist.
[A] joyous claymation comedy ...
... prehistory was presented as an inexhaustible source of raw material for the visual gag... [Full review in Spanish]
A huge disappointment, crude and simple compared to Aardman's earlier, more sophisticated and multilayered work. No satire or subversion, just a bog-standard triumph-of-the-underdog story.
Compared to Pixar's recent masterpiece Coco, so full of life, imagination and eccentricity, Early Man is middling, it's grey vs. technicolour.
An authentic festival that requires nothing more than knowing what a joke is to make you die laughing. [Full Review in Spanish]
Deliciously tactile and notably well crafted, Early Man may not be vintage Aardman, but it has its own pleasures.
This boisterous romp lifted my spirits and tickled my funny bone. In these dark days, that's something to cheer about.
By his [Park's] sky-high standards Early Man represents something of a slip, but so what? Not every Leonardo was the Mona Lisa.
If you're going to poke fun at the already much-lampooned game of football, you need to be funnier, cleverer and more inventive than this. Sorry, Nick.
The match itself is great fun, and a fine voice cast includes Timothy Spall, Tom Hiddleston and Maisie Williams. But Early Man sags a little in the middle, and isn't quite as funny as it needs to be.
Though not of the same calibre as their most paradigmatic work Early Man will undoubtedly be recognised as an instant classic.
There is something easily and unassumingly good-natured about Early Man, an indication of what a very intelligent film-maker Park is.
A fun movie that could have been brilliant if it had been just a bit more bonkers.
Flimsy but good wholesome fun.
Another fine Aardman film with the movie screen brimming with inventiveness and genius, but a pedestrian script and some underused voice talent temper the success of the film.
Sadly, tragically, Early Man is just not very good.
Whilst not (re)inventing the wheel, it's brilliant fun nonetheless.
Early Man's reliance on groaning dad-humour and stereotypical celebrations of British daftness feels prehistoric in all the worst ways, especially as the film rolls out a rubbish football plot about being rubbish at football.
Early Man is a bright if narratively bland caveman caper that effectively functions as Escape to Victory for the under-10s.
Early Man isn't the flashiest animated feature that you'll see this year but it is certainly the most likeable.
It adheres to a classic British sense of humour, traditional values and warm-hearted storytelling. And yet, simultaneously, it's alive with invention.
This is a fresh narrative in an era where films aimed at young audiences are dominated by sequels, prequels, remakes, comic book and TV adaptations, and it is all the better for it.
For a studio whose storytelling style and command of visuals is so wonderfully inventive, here they've opted for the laziest, most obvious narrative trajectory imaginable, without even a winning sense of humour to back that up.
The film is funny, silly in the best sense and full of deadpan puns, malapropisms and wordplay.
An often amusing reimagining of Bronze Age history  that, while it doesn't quite match the best of Aardman, is still solid family entertainment.
Viewed alongside animation's CGI-slickened evolution, it's the human touches applied to plasticine and pummelled actors that make Early Man so winning.
It seems a strange thing to say about a film featuring a giant man-eating mallard, but a bit more eccentricity wouldn't have gone amiss.
Early Man is a joy.
It's very unclear if we'll ever see a sequel to Early Man but either way, Park and Aardman have once again made a great and amusing family film.
Early Man finds a place somewhere at the top of Aardman's evolutionary tree with Chicken Run and Shaun the Sheep.
It is a worthy thematic bedrock.
There's no single shot, movement, joke, or line of dialogue that seems wasted.
The marketable Aardman spark of madcap inventiveness is slightly diluted here. Still, it's a very likeable film which should delight younger audiences.
The miracle of great stop-motion has always been that the films look loved. As you watch Early Man, you can feel it.
Early Man does little to move things on, in evolutionary terms, but - for younger viewers especially - its straightforward storytelling and gentle humour still work a treat.
An eccentric little film which isn't without its moments. And often very funny.
Early Man is as charming as they come, bursting with the kind of daffy humor and off-kilter characters that have earned the company a worldwide following.
While the story and script feel a little thin, the animation is consistently delightful.
Early Man, the latest animated feature from the Aardman studio's star director Nick Park, is about as warming, homey and distinctly British as a mug of hot, sweet, milky tea on a rainy day.
Overall the movie collapses in a heap of familiarity and lackadaisicalness. Park is an animation legend, but even the greats occasionally whiff it.

@highlight

Early Man isn't quite as evolved as Aardman's best work, but still retains the unique visuals and sweet humor that have made the studio a favorite among animation enthusiasts.