A film that reinforces just what a distinct voice Lanthimos is, The Killing of a Sacred Deer is a twisted and perverse parlour game that shocks and surprises in equal measure.
[The Killing of a Sacred Deer] confidently finds its off-kilter gait early and stirringly so.
The unsettling but artful movie might work for some more than others. But, whatever, it kept me glued to the screen as a shock and awe vehicle.
Yorgos Lanthimos has distanced himself from the mere notion of promising filmmakers and made "The Killing of a Sacred Deer," a movie so strikingly perceptive that it moves him into the company of greater, more assured voices in the medium.
Once again, the Greek filmmaker composes an incredible scenario, fueled by satire and the absurd. [Full review in Spanish]
Yorgos Lanthimos [creates] a claustrophobic and implacable world that makes its characters pay for their transgressions. [Full Review in Spanish]
...reminiscent of Stanley Kubrick. [Full Review in Spanish]
In this landscape guilt becomes a fierce engine, and what is done and what is not said have extraordinary consequences. [Full review in Spanish]
... here Lanthimos reinforces the imagination, perhaps not the ingenuity, and exaggerates or enlarges everything. [Full review in Spanish]
Bleakly brilliant.
... invites you to enter it through this mythological door where the most improbable fantasy merges with psychological horror and terrors... [Full review in Spanish]
It's clear that what Yorgos Lanthimos seeks is to provoke the audience and, fortunately, he succeeds. [Full Review in Spanish]
...if you consider it as a symbolic exercise, and not as a story that must be taken literally, it turns into a disturbingly hypnotising movie. [Full review in Spanish]
A lot of the story's impact quickly evaporates when it's over.
Yorgos Lanthimos has once again shown he's a master at metaphorical drama as he explores the abstract moral distinction between guilt and responsibility.
Martin is played with fabulous nonchalance by Irish actor [Barry] Keoghan in a breakout performance.
Still, there's enough talent on display here, from direction to performances, to warrant a watch.
Highly recommended but be advised: from the opening shot, this is a extremely distressing watch.
The characters are not unfeeling automatons, but the almost Brechtian removal of sentimental cues makes the observations about our baser instincts all the more confrontational.
The third act sustains a fevered level of absurdity and everything prior is stylish, well-acted yet off-putting art without any noticeable heart.
A typically oddball effort from Yorgos Lanthimos...
The movie employs its nihilism not as a gratuitous shock, but to tell us something about human nature - even if it repels us in the process. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Mannered and almost puppet-like in the lead, Farrell is a soulful and earnestly engaging presence, but Keoghan is the face to watch, as he slowly peels off the mask of sanity.
Provocative, transgressive, and predominantly off-the-wall, The Killing of a Sacred Deer bites with cinematic decorum and also throbs with an opportune, startling score.
Part-horror, part-thriller and part-morality play, the justice system in the world of Killing of a Sacred Deer terrifyingly holds a mirror to our own.
Lanthimos puts his characters into a strait jacket where there are no good decisions to be made.
However well crafted "Deer" is, it's a small loathsome universe from Lanthimos.
... it's a nervy work, exhilarating in its refusal to be more accommodating.
Dripping with sincerity and brilliance, [Barry] Keoghan's work is forced to exist in the same universe that gave the specifically untalented Ansel Elgort a Golden Globe nomination for Baby Driver. I can't even.
Without offering simplistic answers, the film echoes on both personal and much larger societal levels. But it's the simple story of a family forced to confront the sins of the father that carries the biggest kick.
The only just desert that this film deserves is being ignored with a vengeance by audiences who know better than waste their time. Pay your respects to Von Trier, Haneke, and Seidl rather than to this third-rate hack.
At once a horror, a comedy, a thriller and a family drama, it will have you transfixed from beginning to end.
No matter your final decision on the heart-stopping, nerve-shredding, gut-clenching The Killing of a Sacred Deer, one thing is for sure - you won't forget it in a hurry.
Strange, insidiously sadistic tale of guilt and retribution which will inevitably confound its art-house audience.
And while definitely an acquired taste, there is still something beautifully unsettling hiding behind the film's deadpan façade.
Lanthimos' greatest strength as a writer (along with his frequent collaborator Efthymis Fillippou) and director is his ability to elicit laughter from distressing situations, and there are a handful of such scenes here permeating with suffocating dread.
Stanley Kubrick and Carl Theodor Dreyer invade the margins of the strange world of moral and sexual promiscuities, so dear to Yorgos Lanthimos. [Full Review in Spanish]
Desolately beautiful. [Full Review in Spanish]
... The Killing Of A Sacred Deer is so conscious of its own dark, twisted nature that it comes off like an experiment -- a derivative experiment in anti-humanism.
... a film that cannot be easily shaken. [Full review in Spanish]
{Sacred Deer] is one of this year's most frightening thrillers.
The most convoluted revenge of recent cinema... [Full review in Spanish]
I'm not certain exactly what Lanthimos is trying to say, but the language of his visuals and script is vigorous and confrontational.
Keoghan gives a performance that echoes Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight.
There's not only tension and intrigue in the film's terse exchanges and increasingly brutal stakes, but ample black comedy as well.
It's not going to be a film to many people's tastes, but if you like your character explorations dark, and enjoy a little meddling with normal emotions, this could be the film for you.
It's a heady cocktail, and yet the film arrives at an impasse.
Sacred Deer is definitely unique but its substance is often too insurmountable to be accessible.
It has admirable ambition and some impeccable craftsmanship but falls completely short as a story.
I am reluctant to go into details to avoid the film's effect being spoilt, except to say Lanthimos walks a knife's edge between drama and what we might call supernatural horror, without signalling that he is doing so. Beware this film!
This allegory is intense psychological horror buoyed by an unnerving discordant music score that leads us into a murky emotional quagmire... Thought provoking and disturbing, this is not a film for the faint hearted.
Yorgos Lanthimos's The Killing of a Sacred Deer is in the same absurdist vein as his Lobster or Alps at times, and yet it's darker and more horrific.
What does it all mean? This may not be obvious while the film is unfolding but it's probable this is one of those movies that reveals itself in the hours and days after you see it.
Gripping, creepy, intense and wholly original. It slots beautifully into 2017 as The Year Of Intelligent Horror; it is also, easily, one of the best films of the year.
This film is the best thing out this week - it's breath-taking in stretches. But its lack of empathy for the human condition it so presumptuously lectures us about is a nagging flaw.
Lanthimos is a surgical filmmaker of great opacity. He offers few signposts as to his characters' motivations, or his film's broader meanings - it's up to Farrell and Kidman to play the subtext.
The emotional stakes are lowered in Lanthimos's world, but the operation of power is much the same as it ever was.
Eerie gliding camerawork, warmly tasteful lighting and a uniformly affectless acting style conspire to prevent us noticing how steeply the stakes have escalated.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer is so tightly wound, every frame and line of dialogue has been expertly calculated to be uncomfortable, to unsettle.
It's an ambiguous and sometimes compelling mystery, but there's too many puzzle pieces missing.
At once almost surgically precise and gleefully messy, The Killing of a Sacred Deer is certainly not a film you can easily forget - and nor should you wish to.
Every twist the plot takes is dark and absurd; some could make viewers gasp in horror and laugh at once.
The relentless strangeness of the production casts a hypnotic spell that rents a room in your mind, and keeps renovating it without your permission.
Later, as the situation becomes terrifyingly dramatic, we expect the comedy to disappear but it never does. That makes the drama more painful.
I suppose the best thing to be said for The Killing of a Sacred Deer is that it would be even worse if we cared about any of the people in it.
As Steven deadpans about Martin, "Yes, he is funny." I feel the same way about Yorgos Lanthimos. I often use the same delivery.
Lanthimos and long-time writing partner Efthymis Filippou expertly ramp up the tension until its almost unbearable.They couldn't have pulled it off without uniformly strong performances -- there's not a weak link in the cast.
Even at its most frustrating, the film's extravagant dark-comic provocations are arresting, lively, and vivid.
You're going to want to watch The Killing of a Sacred Deer if for nothing other than Barry Keoghan's performance.
This psychological thriller is completely riveting, getting under your skin and staying there.
If Lanthimos has sacrificed a bit of his trademark humour in the transition to real-world dramatics, his vision remains just strange enough to warrant attention.
... a bizarre tale of guilt and revenge that's both pretentious and provocative, a haunting character study that's difficult to embrace but even harder to ignore.
... one of the most brilliantly original and exhilarating films of the year.
A mindwarp of a movie that shares DNA with a few surprising classics.
It's less a film about crime and punishment than an occasion for Lanthimos to cycle through the idiosyncratic set of perversities that first grabbed our attention but has been growing staler with each picture.
The acting is spectacular.
After seeing The Killing of a Sacred Deer you might come to the conclusion that the true victim of the film's pitiless pretension isn't one of the characters but the audience itself.
This is the feel-bad film of the year. Recommend it to someone you hate.
A nasty, hilarious, distinctive treat. Highly recommended.
Weird and Fascinating
...a sadistic cinematic experiment that offers few findings.
It's Barry Keoghan who steals the show, thanks to a mouth-breathing, awkwardly gaited physicality and a breathless and-then-and-then playground game tone he uses to deliver his malevolent plan.
It says something for Lanthimos's skill at pushing unthinkable premises to dizzying extremes that you are even less inclined to ask, "Why doesn't he just go to the police?" than in a traditional thriller.
Farrell's one-note performance seems wrong in a film that takes for ever to reach its unedifying conclusion.
Brilliant, unusual thriller by a masterful director.
I veered between being impressed, alarmed, confused and creeped-out.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer should serve as the perfect antidote for those annoyed that the seasonal cheer is already being foisted upon us.
The trigger performance presented by young Barry Keoghan is one of the year's most fascinating . . . in a movie helmed by a master filmmaker.
If The Killing... still feels at times like a black comedy executed with a ruthless poker face, it is nevertheless earnest in its intent to unsettle.
... a gorgeously photographed and archly misanthropic film that is also wickedly funny.
Lanthimos' warped vision finds an unsettling but effective home in the horror tropes explored in The Killing of a Sacred Deer.
This one is nothing if not Kubrickian, with its slow-simmering-to-a-boil tension and creepy, emotionless dialogue a la 2001.
While the magic monster boy is a dark force of nature, even more scary is what's in the parents' hearts.
The journey is fun until you get there... then it's like watching meat run through a grinder.
This film devolves into single-minded scare tactics and reduces its actors to mannequins or torture toys. It drains all personality away.
Performances are solid all round, but the standout is Irish actor Keoghan. Shy and lonely one moment, utterly blood-chilling the next, he's a mesmerizing presence on this screen of menace.
While a bit of a slow-starter, when the dam bursts, it bursts, delivering a film that is both darkly comic and deadly serious -- and very weird. (That's a good thing.)
Keoghan is crucial to the unsettling mix. By turns inscrutable, vulnerable and ruthless, he has squished eyes and a nose that looks like it's just been punched.
I found it absolutely brilliant and can't wait to see it again.
A fatalistic and at times morbidly funny tale in which the sins of a father are visited upon his family in bizarre and horrifying ways.
At first it seems tiresomely opaque, but gradually it exerts a chilling grip.
The film glides from having a vaguely sinister, unsettling tone into an agonising family tragedy.
... this two hours of psychosomatic carnage wants to linger in the psyche as long as it can, provoking a nightmare of uncertain dread that will last all through the night, into the next morning and well into a futuristic beyond seemingly without end.
Colin Farrell's heart surgeon faces a nightmarish ultimatum, making Yorgos Lanthimos' latest one of this year's most bold and interesting films.
The performances are uniformly first rate, with Kidman a standout in riding the line between the ridiculous and the sublime.
The sacrificial references to Iphigenia and Isaac elevate the tone but don't really bring extra meaning to a tale that is cruel and vaguely satirical without really being about anything at all.
So, Steve is yet another useless male character who's hidden his flaws under the professional protection of his powerful white medical coat - so what?
Lanthimos doesn't make movies that are easily digested, and this one provides the viewer plenty to chew on as it moves inexorably toward its shattering conclusion.
It's not for everyone, but his direction is so wildly confident, it's one of the best experiences I've had at the movies this year.
While it lacks The Lobster's conceptual dazzle and social commentary, The Killing of a Sacred Deer is a slow-boiling, sophisticated art-horror film from one of our most inventive directors.
In adapting his singularly airless style to slightly more conventional material, Lanthimos only exposes his own limitations. I still ate up all the Kubrick-ian camera moves, of course.
Yorgos Lanthimos's surrealistic revenge tragedy is all the more chilling because of its absurdist and macabre humour.
What makes this operatic fable sing is the extraordinarily chilling performance of Barry Keoghan as Martin. His pinched, pouchy face, with its icicle eyes and lubricious lips, looks like a viral scourge sent to trash the American dream.
If the deader than deadpan line readings are better viewed as a conceptual game than as a compelling acting exercise, then Farrell at least wins points for a surgically precise performance that's dynamic in its flatness.
An amazingly weird assemblage of notions from Greek mythology and concepts from pessimistic geniuses like Stanley Kubrick, Roman Polanski and Michael Haneke, the film creates something akin to a dreadful dream.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer is haunting and singular and strange, but it's also icy, remote, and too enigmatic.
Anyone who likes their films nicely wrapped up should leave such expectations in the foyer. It's going to get Biblical.
"Deer" rivals "Dogtooth" in terms of sheer unease, and it reinforces just how skilled Lanthimos is with this style of storytelling, summoning a range of horror that's hypnotic to watch.
Lanthimos uses a heavy-handed approach, diluting any suspense that the director is trying to build. Yes, the film exudes tension, but it feels forced.
Lanthimos knows how to push buttons and antagonize his audience, but here it just serves to make his movie less effective.
The characters don't register as real. Stephen's dilemma - he must choose to sacrifice someone he loves - carries no real emotional weight.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer is barmy, surreal, deadpan-droll and dense with non sequitur. It's a drama thriller with pretensions. It's Absurdism Agonistes.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer is doubly unsettling, because it's simultaneously terrifying and laugh-out-loud funny.
Weirdness, total weirdness.
The Killing of a Sacred Dee isn't for everyone, but fans of tense and sometimes disturbing psychological thrillers won't be able to pry their eyes away from the screen.
You end up slightly awestruck at the imaginative confidence behind this film.
Working as a profound meditation on karma, predestination and guilt and a proper scary movie, this is near career-best work from all involved. Be warned: this is tough stuff.
A step yet further into the deadpan weird from Yorgos Lanthimos. Disturbing and often distressing, but compulsively watchable.
It will either blow your mind or make you want to blow your brains out. Whichever side you come down on, you won't soon forget what you just saw.
A cinema experience unlike any other -- at least since The Lobster.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer is humane and satirical, horrifying and hilarious.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer never hedges its bets, never takes its foot off the gas.
As an imperious yet helpless mother, Kidman allows a breathtaking ugliness into her performance. It saturates the character's facial expressions that well up from whatever's left of her soul.
Lanthimos may have been defeated by his own considerable artistic impulses: Putting a movie under "general anesthesia" risks not being able to rouse it again.
It's downright demonic, a bone-chilling examination of evil in its purest form, riddled with black-as-night humor that you'll be disgusted with yourself after.
"The Killing of a Sacred Deer" takes strange and unexpected turns along the way, and some of them are brutal, and a few of them are shocking. But that surprise is a good deal of its power.
I just felt that the whole thing failed to live up to the promise held out by both the film's early scenes and the filmmaking skills that Lanthimos has displayed in his previous efforts.
The latest feature from...Yorgos Lanthimos is once again concerned with rules, most absurdly, personal preferences as a means of control, most terrifyingly, the fairy tale ultimatum wielded by the film's wolf in sheep's clothing.
Lanthimos' style is sure to infuriate some viewers, but that's the point. Good or bad, he wants you to feel something, and with "Sacred Deer," oh boy, he hits his mark.
[I]n its detachment from any behavior or attitude that seems remotely human, The Killing of a Sacred Deer may have buried itself too deeply in metaphor and fable...
The Killing of a Sacred Deer is a pitiless film, with director Yorgos Lanthimos making absurdly high demands for anyone who dares buy a ticket. There is a brazen absence of logic, with slow-burn horror as its only replacement.
It's the kind of movie that you watch with two simultaneous emotions: fascination, and the desire to leave immediately. I'm glad, mostly, that I didn't give in to the second, but I'm still pondering exactly how Lanthimos pulled off the first.
[Director Yorgos] Lanthimos wants to display those defects of the American dream... [Full review in Spanish]
Lanthimos's habitual tweaking of bourgeois values is diluted here by the familiar mechanics of the stalker plot, given a somber, arty staging and periodically goosed by the discordant strings of Hungarian avant-garde composer György Ligeti.
In his most bracing and maddening morality tale yet, Lanthimos doesn't so much paint himself into a corner as he runs into it, headlong, dragging us with him all the way.
An engrossing modern variant of the doom-laden tragedies of Aeschylus and Euripides, exerting a hypnotic effect even as it makes you intensely uncomfortable.
[Nicole] Kidman once again brings her expert bearing that finds the normalcy in outrageous situations
Sacred Deer is far from a standard psycho-revenge yarn, and its serrated edge is nothing like even the nominal art films you're likely to see.
These are formidable, icy influences, and Lanthimos is a formidable enough talent to use them to his own ends. And yet the strangeness this time feels more studied.
"The Killing of a Sacred Deer" has been designed as a punishment. It succeeds all too well.
Deeply unsettling and hard to shake.
Why watch? Why do we ride the Zipper at the carnival? It's fun to be messed with. And Lanthimos is definitely messing with us, from the first frame forward.
You enter braced for uncomfortable hilarity with touches of deadpan violence. In that respect, Lanthimos does not disappoint.
[Yorgos] Lanthimos gets under your skin and stays there.
A brutal, skillful psychological horror movie.
No one but Lanthimos could adhere so loyally to the classical model of the tragic, yet the result treads close to monotony, and even to a kind of sorrowful sadism ...
Truly unsettling, genuinely provocative.
There's nothing inherently wrong with ambiguous endings or obscure motivations in art, but film's ultimate moral question seems to suggest a purpose that is clearer than the one the film presents.
Yorgos Lanthimos's twisted new film The Killing of a Sacred Deer is like a fairytale gone awry-or more accurately, a ghost story.
Myths grow out of a need to understand the world, and to pass on an understanding of how to make our way through it, but Lanthimos just teaches you to be more cautious about his next film.
[Yorgos] Lanthimos keeps delivering amusement as the cruelty expands, which I guess is his way of saying ancient myths still have relevance in our nasty world. Maybe too much relevance.
The off-kilter thriller was such an excruciating slow burn that I kept checking my watch, counting down the moments until the credits so the tension would subside.
Cryptic...chilling.
Chilling, provocative, and mesmerizing. It's one of the best films of the year.
Because Farrell, bushy-bearded here, clearly wasn't allowed to act sympathetically, it's hard to feel much empathy for Steven-a fatal error.
Sacred Deer winds up being a horror film without a satisfying payoff, a morality play without a lesson, a comedy with maybe four laughs. It's a think piece of a movie, but the more I think about it, the less I like it.
Colin Farrell and Nicole Kidman find themselves trapped in a domestic nightmare in Yorgos Lanthimos' stunning, cerebral revenge story that plays like a biblical "Sophie's Choice."
It's a brilliant fable that mashes up cold pragmatism with the light of magical realism ... [to] produce an utterly unique experience that will leave audiences a bit shaken but with much to ponder.
You will suffer in vain.
A tightly throttled work of cringing comedy and deadpan devastation.
Dense with layers of biblical lore and Greek tragedy, it's like a cake that's impressively tall but also unpalatably dry.
[The Killing of a Sacred Deer] is another wryly funny, absurdist tragedy from Yorgos Lanthimos.
Yorgos Lanthimos lures us into his dream and shackles us there, for his own fascinating reasons. The experience is exquisite agony, both revelatory and painful.
This may be his most visually and technically ambitious work, but it lacks the killer narrative hook that can tie all of the filmmaker's disparate ideas together. His new movie is clever without ever quite deciding precisely what it's about.
This is a gleefully daring film that grips from the first frame, even if it takes its time to unleash the extent of what its truly subjecting you to.
The characters' emotional vacancy feels like another auteurist tic to which Yorgos Lanthimos is dauntlessly committed.
Flawed but fascinating riff on Kubrick's "The Shining"
The year's most exciting entry to date flawlessly mixes Hitchcockian thrills with the supernatural as a doctor, a man who "plays God," is harmed by a diabolical teen.
Difficult, provocative, and consistently amusing. Almost perfect.
I'm not sure what we're supposed to get out of all this. It's art, man. Still I've got to hand it to Yorgos Lanthimos. Way to make the absolute least commercial version of this movie possible. Whatever you think of it, you can't say it's compromised.
'The Killing of a Sacred Deer' opens with a giant close-up of a heart in mid-surgery, pumping away as operatic music blasts over the soundtrack, an image that's basically a pre-emptive rebuke - "yes, there's a heart beating somewhere in this movie."
There are several versions of the Iphigenia tale, and Lanthimos makes significant changes in The Killing of a Sacred Deer, so you can rest easy that the movie hasn't been spoiled.
Another arch, often hilarious bit of surreality from Lanthimos, but one that again paints itself into a narrative corner.
Leave it to Lanthimos to make world-shattering family trauma grimly comical.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer will likely prove divisive, as Lanthimos tests the audience's patience with his deliberate pacing, making you feel the same inescapable sense of horror its doomed subjects are suffering through.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer is a film of brutal morality, or guilt and cowardice, and full of terrific performances.
One of the most disturbing cinematic experiences of the year.
Greek provocateur Yorgos Lanthimus re-teams with Colin Farrell for another slice of absurdity.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer is nightmarish emotional surrealism.
It's hard not to look away from what transpires, which is why The Killing of a Sacred Deer is ultimately a success, warts and all.
You'll laugh, and then hate yourself for laughing.
With uniformly great performances throughout the cast and Lanthimos' stunning eye for detail and composition, this is one of the most unforgettable films of the year.
You're likely to be so invested in both the story and its rules that you can't help but follow Lanthimos and his crew through to their grisly, well-executed conclusion.
A dazzlingly off-kilter black comedy/thriller.
The plot is that of a horror movie, but our ability to emotionally engage is stripped away by the odd combination of symbolic action and pedestrian dialogue.
Essential to maintaining the powerful atmospherics is the superb cast, which includes Nicole Kidman as the surgeon's unsuspecting wife.
The Killing of a Sacred Deer envelops you in its strange, disturbing world with the manipulative skill of a true surrealist master.
The Killing of A Sacred Deer isa mechanically savage slice of cinema that feels so obvious in its intentions that is starting to feel tired at this point.
The movie feels increasingly like a self-satisfied but unsustained provocation, a rich display of craft in service of secondhand shocks and ideas.
The result isn't uplifting in the least. But it's deliciously frightening, a cautionary tale for the careless and a horror film that posits a world devoid of any real goodness.
As a creepy, comical film with a baroque ending The Killing of a Sacred Deer does what it sets out to do, but that might not be enough to truly gain fans for this quirky yet likely forgettable piece from Lanthimos.
Lanthimos does what he wants -- and we're all the richer for it, even if it creeps us out sometimes.
The drained personalities of the characters serve to relieve the film of all dramatic tension.
I prefer the previous works of the Greek director, although it must be recognized that both Farrell and Nicole Kidman are splendid in their respective roles. [Full review in Spanish]
It can convey tension and mystery, but its scripts aren't solid and the outcomes seem to be invented on the fly. [Full review in Spanish]
Frightening people doing frightening things to other frightening people. Do not count on me. [Full review in Spanish]
The most extreme and brilliant proposal of all those who have passed through the official section and who demand for themselves the precious Palm of Gold. [Full review in Spanish]
The film doesn't support the finely constructed tension of the first part and ends up sacrificing itself towards the last act, in an overturned and irregular way. [Full review in Spanish]
A tale of revenge, aesthetically sublime and heartbreakingly violent. [Full review in Spanish]
It's the most solemn film of Lanthimos to date and misses the irreverent mood of his previous Dogtooth (2009). [Full review in Spanish]
[Lanthimos] He's not a bad director, in his first part the film even restless, but the whole final part is drawn with thick stroke. [Full review in Spanish]
Lanthimos has become a posseur filmmaker, far and far less interesting than the clever Greek director of its beginnings. [Full review in Spanish]
[The Killing of a Sacred Deer] is elevated to the nth degree, to the point where it's difficult not to feel alienated by what the film offers. [Full review in Spanish]
The film's desolate and mannered tone proves more frustrating than it does provocative.
Yorgos Lanthimos's America-set psychological horror film, The Killing of a Sacred Deer, boasts such a fiendish premise that Alfred Hitchcock would have taken notes.
I started to wonder if the director had merely written himself into a corner and was doubling down on weirdness to get himself out. And yet the film never quite loses its mythic drive.
This is Lanthimos' most scattered and sedate film, but it's his scariest as well.
Lanthimos and regular co-writer Efthymis Filippou deal with their themes of control, sacrifice, judgement and revenge with a chilling and operatic despair that swells to an overwhelmingly powerful degree.
There's precious little warm blood pumping through this beautifully crafted but clinical film.
It's like Cape Fear by way of The Shining, just in the same absurdist register as all of the Greek director's trips to the Twilight Zone.
Lanthimos has again given us something unique and hopefully, thanks in part to its stellar leads and a more superficially mainstream storyline, he will attain an even wider audience.
Lanthimos's film will no doubt appal many and upset all but this is a gripping and off-kilter horror of operatic grandeur, twisted humour and unabashed seriousness.
A blackly comic performance by Colin Farrell provides the emotional anchor for Yorgos Lanthimos's film.
Welcome back to the world of Yorgos Lanthimos - a bit like Garth Marenghi's Darkplace, except genuinely nasty.
You'll feel deeply uncomfortable while watching, but in a twistedly enjoyable way.
One can't help but be disgusted by whoever took the time to think up atrocities this elaborate, never mind realizing them with such evident glee.
To see an unfettered nightmare like this from such an idiosyncratic director feels like a cruel treat, and a welcome stylistic stretch.
Lanthimos doesn't just want you to be repulsed, but emotionally devastated. A gorgeously rendered gut punch that ends up being no laughing matter.
If David Lynch is actually bowing out of cinema then the heir for the surrealist visionary might well turn out to be Yorgos.
When absurdism feels this wrong, you know it's being done right.
After the gateway drug that was The Lobster, Yorgos Lanthimos returns to Cannes with the full-strength, unfiltered version of his merciless aesthetic.
The impressive rigor of its craft, the skillfully subdued intensity of the acting, and the startling originality of the story will make it unmissable for anyone who cares about bold filmmaking.
As in all his best work, Lanthimos is brilliant at summoning up a whole created world and immersing us in it. But its weirdness has a double meaning: it has a stylised element of absurdism and it is also a plausible expression of denial.
For Lanthimos fans, it might just be the purest, and most dangerous hit of our favorite drug yet, with layers of potential dark significance and meta-meaning to almost every moment.
As allegories of extreme discomfort go, this one is masterfully orchestrated.
This is a ruthlessly controlled drama that achieves its powerful effect by holding back when its dramatic content is most intense.

@highlight

The Killing of a Sacred Deer continues director Yorgos Lanthimos' stubbornly idiosyncratic streak -- and demonstrates again that his is a talent not to be ignored.