Though consistently funny and enjoyable, Megamind is essentially average.
[Megamind] has splendid visuals, a good story, and enough witty dialogue to turn it into an enjoyable experience that's worth checking out.
It may not raise the bar of this rapidly developing genre, but it manages to pack a lot of fun and spectacle into its running time.
It does have the odd cheeky nod for the grown-ups -- and it is presented in inglorious 3D -- but it's also got a screenplay overflowing with charm, intelligence, wit and a real spark.
Would be lost in the crowd, perhaps deservedly so, if it didn't pull aces on its execution.
If you have to choose between this and the superficially similar Despicable Me, choose Megamind. It's less predictable, funnier, cleverer and generally more enjoyable.
This is a harmless animated movie that's full of empty laughs. The main problem with all those empty laughs is that they arrive wrapped in a package you've seen before, probably even if you're still a kid.
Hardly a knockout, but Megamind is an immensely enjoyable animated adventure that spoofs and pays homage to the superhero genre.
There's a distinctly deflated ambiance to the shenanigans, leaving the picture serious eye-candy on the prowl for bellylaughs it infuriatingly never finds.
Megamind is dramatically and comedically inert.
...often shrewd, colorful, witty, and well animated, I found it oddly flat, too.
Straying from a predictable, easily defined structure, Megamind instead serves up consistent surprises, challenging audience expectations and engaging the mind as well as tickling the funny bone.
Falling short of a mind-blowing experience, Megamind is still fine family entertainment that doesn't require deep thinking.
Its story's third-act inversions still provide a pointed rebuke to superhero narratives' set-in-stone dynamics.
What it lacks in originality, this wickedly funny take on a superhero villain makes up for in a multi-layered plot, terrific voicing and well balanced energy.
full review at Movies for the Masses
What is a villain if not someone who has been pushed too far in life and has started to push back? And with nothing to push against, what do they become?
A well-plotted, genuinely fun spin on the Superhero/Supervillian genre with talented voice talent put to good use rather than simply stunt-cast
'Megamind' may not be thought-provoking, but it is fun. And, come to think of it, it does give us something to ponder along the nature-or-nurture concepts of destiny.
A snappy script and superior voice work make this animated action-comedy much more fun than expected
It's a sassy comedy with a lot of one-liners, some of which apparently came from improvisation between Ferrell and Fey, both in good vocal form. The quality of animation is outstanding, as you would expect.
Megamind is more like a comedy for adults that children will feel comfortable tagging along to.
A moderately amusing experience... will play better to a younger, less discerning crowd.
In its attempt to spoof the superhero genre, Megamind just may be too smart for its own good.
Is Megamind just a vehicle for Will Ferrell to use funny voices and shout a lot?
The movie around Ferrell's performance isn't nearly as good as he is.
A full-bodied, busy-as-heck, funny-as-heck comedy adventure from Dreamworks that merrily riffs -- in its own fractured way -- on the Superman legend.
If you understand what it's trying to do, you will like it a good deal better than if you don't.
It's never quite slap-your-knees hilarious, but Megamind will still have you smiling from dimple to dimple for every one of its 95 minutes.
It's just a shame the filmmakers didn't have any tricks up their sleeve to enliven a rather rote superhero movie experience.
The action is big and mostly spectacular, the performances are all spot-on (even Hill, who once again plays himself, is well cast), and most importantly Megamind himself is actually kind of likable.
Despite the terrific voice cast and eye-catching animation, this seems disappointingly formulaic and fails to offer real laughs.
These days the bad guys have all the fun.
There's are some decent laughs to be had, mainly courtesy of a feisty, pneumatically animated Lois Lane-esque reporter, voiced by Tina Fey, who remains thoroughly unimpressed with superpowers of any stripe.
Ferrell's voicework is spot on, Pitt gamely sends up his squeaky clean image and Fey is a joy as the conflicted heroine.
The film appropriates elements from Shrek and The Incredibles and produces an entertaining hybrid that should have parents chuckling with glee.
The plot is wildly shaken as it does U-turns and some sleight of hand, but director Tom McGrath has a feather-light touch as inventive ideas play out with humour and appeal
Every potential for real emotion is squandered. It feels like a superhero film made by people who don't believe in or care about superheroes.
Good stuff, up to a point, but nothing like the passion and brilliance of The Incredibles or Toy Story.
'You're so predictable,' Roxanne tells Megamind early in the movie, and I'm afraid it's fair criticism.
Though clearly derivative and with a good dash of The Incredibles, Megamind is breezily directed by Madagascar's Tom McGrath and there's plenty of fun lines, too.
Eyeball-opening 3D digimation with eyelid-closing plot.
A fun ride but just that.
It's terrific fun from start to finish, even if it doesn't quite match the good-versus-evil japes of The Incredibles or Despicable Me.
Gleefully subverting the standard good vs evil hokum, while delivering an eye-popping adventure with characters you can really root for, Megamind is simply super.
A retro-stylised fantasy-satire that balances knowingness with affection, winning kids and olds over in the process. Wry, spry and very funny.
For a film whose stock in trade are tongue-in-cheek reversals of comic-book cliché, it too often settles for trite audience-pleasing.
Hugely enjoyable, brilliantly funny comedy with superb animation, terrific vocal performances and a witty script that's packed with great gags and a multitude of fan-pleasing superhero references.
The resulting product is a serviceable parable about 'being good' that is aimed low enough to at least connect with the kids in the audience. A shame then that the film's sense of humour occasionally slips into groan-worthy territory.
Coming in the wake of The Incredibles and Despicable Me, the film might, like its villainous protagonist, be something of an also-ran - but when it comes to generating super laughs, Megamind is a winner.
Should get the whole family laughing, albeit for different reasons.
It's one of those films that when you get done watching it, you go, 'Oh, that was cute.'
Full of fun and eye-popping images, "Megamind" is what they used to call in the old days of television "side-splittingly funny."
... DreamWorks Animation is carving itself out a niche for consistent high-concept zaniness.
The fast-paced wisecracks and ironic asides that are the studio's hallmark help to push the film past the lumpy, generic storytelling.
while its hectic battle sequences and penchant for mass destruction will certainly keep the eyes of action junkies satiated, its sly depictions of the balance between good and evil actually provide quite a bit of food for thought
I am usually against 3D films but Dreamworks has found the right formula with Megamind and How To Train Your Dragon. Will Ferrell is back!
Megamind is perfectly fine for the kids, but adults might find their own megaminds wandering at various points throughout a film that doesn't compare to The Incredibles when it comes to affectionately tweaking the superhero genre.
Rollickingly funny superhero comedy of manners about a poor, misunderstood supervillain may not be The Incredibles, but it's still incredible.
Even if it's not great, Megamind manages to be diverting.
A lively cast and an interesting flip on the superhero concept make 'Megamind" a fun time at the movies for viewers of all ages.
It's not bad -- simply unremarkable.
...the result is something with which to pass the time, not one to savor and look forward to repeat viewings.
Compared to other animated features presented this past year "Megamind" is only slightly above average entertainment. We have come to expect great entertainment.
Oh DreamWorks, we know you can achieve greatness; why do you so eagerly refuse to do so?
An unfortunate regression back to short-term pop-culture disposability ... At the screening I attended, the sounds of kids fidgeting almost drowned out the extended Marlon Brando imitation.
Like Kraft Mac & Cheese or your favorite old sweats with the Duct Tape waistband, familiarity can be comforting. Megamind doesn't break any new ground other than being the rare family flick that the whole family can enjoy.
The lively cast and interesting flip on the superhero concept make it a fun time at the movies for all ages.
Anyone under 10 will probably be bored and confused. For others, though, great fun ...
It isn't original, but it is funny, the story is cleverly constructed and the artwork is first-rate.
A slightly manic but dependably enjoyable animated effort, poised between familiarity and freshness, that scores based on its voluminous joke output and a winning vocal performance by Will Ferrell.
It's borrowed and blue. The homage to 'Superman' gets old and the film is only slightly better (and very similar to) 'Despicable Me.' Anything original tends to fall flat.
A tale of existential angst suitable for children
What begins as one witty, unstoppable blast eventually succumbs to a flat story elevated by its consistently terrific animation.
Megamind is fast and funny, with excellent use of 3D.
You know a movie's scraping for laughs when it includes "Bad to the Bone," "Highway to Hell" and Michael Jackson's "Bad" as themes for its villain.
Three dimensions or two, the one-dimensional plot has little appeal.
In this refreshing twist on a familiar format, director Tom McGrath combines flawless 3-D animation with a bevy of comedic talent to craft an entertaining adventure with plenty of smart, grown-up laughs.
Every animation studio has its strong suit, but none embraces formula with the zest of DreamWorks.
If celebrity voices and an excess of licensed pop music are your thing, you might forgive the lack of ambition here.
A complex story with very sophisticated forward momentum... It's about what makes people a hero or villain,and the answer is not just simply one is bullied and the other is revered.
Family audiences finally have something worth turning out in droves to see. This 96-minute movie proceeds at a zippy pace and the audience's attention never wavers from the excitement up on the screen.
It's a curious concept, and one worthy of a better movie than this, DreamWorks dropping the ball easily crafting one of the more disappointing animated spectacles of this or any other year.
Doesn't have that memorable a story and isn't as visually creative as it should be but you can't find actors much better at this kind of material than Will Ferrell, Tina Fey, Brad Pitt, Jonah Hill, and David Cross.
What it lacks in inventiveness, 'Megamind' makes up in wit, intelligence, and customarily gorgeous animation.
Megamind isn't necessarily a bad movie - it just doesn't do much to distinguish itself from the rest of the pack.
Not only has Megamind showed up late for the box office battle with Despicable Me, but it has also brought a knife to an atomic death ray fight.
Superhero films are sufficiently prevalent these days to merit an additional pasting or two. Megamind keeps such satire a welcome visitor rather than a tiresome bore.
The promise of extraordinary brain power isn't fulfilled.
No doubt some of it is charming enough to induce giggles in its preteen target audience... What's needed is a narrative invention to match the technical invention.
You'll enjoy it. And then you'll forget it.
The story's the thing. And this one is as subtly deep as it is ridiculously fun.
I do love Ferrell, whose absurdist man-child routine has always been a matter of taste.
Kinetic, clever and even emotionally satisfying.
The kiddie set can chortle at Megamind's slapstick and its goofy one-upmanship while adults get a kick out of all the smart spatial tricks that highlight the 3-D effects.
Megamind is a blast. Take your kids. Stay with them. There are plenty of laughs for everyone. Bring your asprin for the 3D headache.
Clever animated superhero story is fun, not too scary.
A smart send-up of the Superman myth and the age-old precept of good vs. evil.
It's all borrowed: the characters, the plot, the predictable "bad" tunes. Even Megamind's ensembles look to have been raided from Maleficent's closet. Not so Mega, but rather, Mild.
With some cool superhero action, Megamind is mildly amusing for the most part, but it feels like it could have been much better.
Kids of all ages will understand and appreciate this film's meaning without feeling beaten over the head.
But the kids will love it.
"Megamind" is a lot of fun -- a movie that youngsters will enjoy for its cartoonish slapstick and visuals and that adults can appreciate for its sly humor.
Isn't exactly groundbreaking, but it's good, clean fun.
Complain loudly about the 3D tide - but see and enjoy Megamind for its own considerable charms.
This 3-D, animated adventure leaps -- in a single bound -- into familiar comic-book/superhero territory but soars on the strength of zippy running gags and high-flying visuals.
Small children are likely to be disappointed by the paucity of silly slapstick or bathroom gags, while their older siblings will probably fidget at the lack of scares.
You'll probably laugh, and you'll probably wish it were better.
This animated feature is what Yogi Berra called "déjà vu all over again," its shopworn premise most recently having served the marginally better "Despicable Me" this summer.
It has plenty of details for us to sink our teeth into, without forgetting to make the audience laugh.
"Megamind" is a smart, funny and original treat. Sweet enough to deliver a message about creating your own destiny, but with just enough sour grapes not to cloy, the movie delivers pure pleasure from start to finish.
A witty 3-D animated deconstruction of superhero movies.
It's well worth checking out in theaters despite the fact that ads reveal a few spoilers and the finale is a tad familiar.
As winning as Ferrell and Cross are, they're still trapped in a formula storyline that follows some very familiar beats.
The plot is rich, the execution poor.
Divertingly splashy and mildly amusing but not very memorable.
It's a harmless, inoffensive, moderately likable throwaway of a cartoon that you will probably start forgetting as soon as it's over.
"Megamind" is a resounding flop.
Megamind is good at keeping the audience busy, but only after the credits roll do you realize that most of it was just noise.
In a sort of backhanded answer to Pixar's The Incredibles (and I mean that in a positive way), DreamWorks hits yet another animated adventure out of the park. Megamind is clever, fast-paced and fun, and looks fantastic in 3D.
one of the year's better animated films which offers a surprisingly engrossing nature-versus-nurture question about mythic origin stories: are heroes born, or are they made?
May be worth seeing, but interested viewers would do well to either find a theater showing it in two dimensions or just wait for the inevitably superior Blu-Ray release.
Hilarious, refreshingly smart, thrilling and heartfelt. It will delightfully entertain everyone, young or old, good or evil.
What this raucous 3D animated fun house lacks in originality (think bastard child of The Incredibles and Despicable Me) it makes up for in visual and vocal wit.
Not exactly ingenious, but certainly an entertaining way to spend an afternoon at the theater with the family.
...an OK entertainment that's instantly forgettable.
[A] smarter, sharper, funnier, wiser story than I ever could have expected... [I]t reinforces what we love about superheroes and why we embrace them... And yes, still, Megamind really is all about the villain.
...will appeal to little kids with its bright colors and animation, older kids will like the story and most adults will be entertained.
Even the 3-D thing, which makes films murky and claustrophobic, is a gimmick from the 1950s. And wasn't this rehabilitated-bad-guy routine the plot of "Despicable Me"?
Very relatable for elementary school kids while giving them something to stretch for with Tesla coils and existential discussions and a plot with a couple of extra twists.
Mostly, the jokes and the recurrent attempts to tweak the superhero genre serve as a reminder that somebody else has already done it better.
Ferrell, Fey and Hill acquit themselves hilariously, and Cross steals the movie as Minion.
If it's difficult to find novelty in Megamind, it's also hard not to like.
Middle-School boys are the target audience for the shifting personalities, robot minions and building-smashings. People above that age will mostly just endure it all...
Megamind has some funny moments, silly mispronunciations and comical socio-political references. But it suffers from being the second animated movie this year to feature a dastardly villain for a hero.
More impressive than the multi-dimensions is "Megamind's" minimalist, modernist look. It creates a crispness that feels more contemporary than retro, which not only is very aesthetically pleasing but makes it easier to savor the film's many sight gags.
"Megamind" is a genial animated sendup of superhero flicks that should appeal to kids around the age when they're getting a bit cynical about do-gooders in capes and tights.
The bonus in "Megamind" is a thoughtful and heartfelt look at the thin line between good and evil and hero and villain, how they can exist in equal parts in many of us, and how their appearances can be deceiving.
One of those movies that disappears too quickly, leaving memories of better ones in its wake.
This is a great-looking (and sounding) toon, one definitely worth seeing in 3D, but it's ultimately the story, characters and humor that makes Megamind such a pleasant surprise.
Megamind is full of good ideas. But they never coalesce into a satisfying whole.
[A] handsome and generally amusing adventure.
Megamind has momentum and dazzle.
What Megamind lacks in apparent laughter it makes up for in sheer cleverness.
Megamind is well-versed in superhero routine without turning blasé. The boredom of formulas and roles and expectations is very much its point.
... 'Well, that was fun. A lot better than I expected.' An assessment with which this reviewer can concur.
simultaneously more and less surprising than one would imagine
It's densely populated with gags, it's a nice piece of art, and well-made 3-D, if you feel like paying the premium.
There's nothing wrong with animation aimed at adults, but this may be the first kids' movie that throws fewer bones to its supposed intended viewers than to their parents.
While it is never anything less than vibrant and exceedingly clever, it is also a rather slight thing for such mega-sized proportions.
Has a few sprightly moments but is overall pretty mediocre.
In terms of plot, Megamind is only slightly less complicated than Inception.
You have seen all this before.
The best animated movie of the year (*non-Pixar division).
Megamind is largely what one might expect from an animated movie featuring a number of notable comedians in voice roles: an amusing diversion.
This set-up is bright and amusing, even if it does feel recycled from bits and pieces of such recent animated landmarks as The Invincibles with its superpowers and Despicable Me with its villain.
A passable time-killer for kids, more boring than painful for adults, but animated films have established a higher bar to clear.
The problem with Megamind is that it wants to remind us, every minute, how smart it is -- and that sets it a world apart from Despicable Me, which is courageous enough to revel in its own silliness. Megamind tries too hard and ultimately achieves less.
Looks fun on the surface but suffers from a serious identity crisis underneath.
This is Ferrell's movie, meaning some inspired laughs sandwiched between annoying bits that stretch on well past their usefulness.
While this is certainly a case of the geek shall inherit, it still is tidy enough to entertain for the most part.
Cute and funny at times, but with a lot of dead spots.
Superb 3-D graphics and silly running gags (Megamind routinely mispronounces words such as school) should keep kids amused, while sly political and pop culture references will get laughs from adults.
The second animated film in the last few months where a super-villain plays the hero, Megamind was destined to have a patina of staleness.
Megamind has bright comic minds behind it - not mega but close - and 3-D effects showing what the gimmick can do when filmmakers care.
Megamind is less a satire of dastardly deeds than a nimbly spectacular comedy of ego.
Pixar mined the superhero genre far better six years ago with The Incredibles, and DreamWorks itself is capable of superior fare like this past summer's How To Train Your Dragon.
This is the kind of movie where "Bad to the Bone" is considered a clever musical cue because, you know, Megamind is bad. To the bone.
Megamind manages to be both commentary and comic book, and I have no doubt audiences will eat it up.
Unfortunately, the underdeveloped story and characters seem to be there to service the visuals, rather than the other way around.
I found my son's Kryptonite: boring superhero rip-offs voiced by check-cashing actors. At least Steve Carell used an accent.
A Mega-funny movie loaded with laughs, action and heart.
Though enlivened by some moderately clever twists on the superhero-movie template, Megamind never shakes off a feeling of been-there-spoofed-that.
The second big animated feature of the year, after Despicable Me, to center on an arch-villain who sees the error of his ways, Megamind is snappy good fun.
Megamind may initially seem like a superhero spoof in the comedic vein of Shrek, but it reveals itself to be smarter, funnier, and infinitely more sympathetic than that.


@highlight

It regurgitates plot points from earlier animated efforts, and isn't quite as funny as it should be, but a top-shelf voice cast and strong visuals help make Megamind a pleasant, if unspectacular, diversion.