The Little Death is really just best ignored entirely.
This debut feature deftly weaves together a host of surreal scenarios into a consistently funny and surprising package, as performed by a top-notch cast that includes stage luminaries Kate Mulvany and Damon Herriman.
More than parodying private peccadillos is needed to turn apparently twisted trysts into a smart sex comedy.
Josh Lawson's film does its best not to judge its characters, and his jokes occasionally probe some dark and daring territory.
Feeling a bit more like sketch comedy than cinema, The Little Death is not without laughs, but the tone is all over the map.
The Little Death pushes the boundaries but isn't offensive, and at times the comedy really works.
What prevents such risque material becoming a turn-off is the injection of genuine love into each tale.
The film is an odd mixture of comedy and melodrama, with some tragedy thrown in. I would have liked it better had the film stuck to the comic elements and dumped the rest, but there is enough effective comedy in it for me to recommend it.
Ambitious Aussie sex romp bites off way more than it manages to chew.
It's both edgy and warm-hearted, as it depicts the secret lives of five suburban couples who live in Sydney.
The Little Death is a cautionary tale to selfishness and sexual conservatism; told with a desire to be cringe-worthy. It's clever, but it knows it.
Frequently funny and sometimes perhaps offensive in the darkness of its humor.
The Little Death is [Lawson's] feature film debut, and it's beautifully scripted, each of its five story lines working out the comic implications of a perverse urge.
it goes down as easy as Junior Soprano on Bobbi Sanfillipo, which is both a blessing and a curse for Lawson's Hollywood-slick romantic comedy.
[B]racing bursts of unlikely honesty in overlapping vignettes about five couples, their sexual hopes, fetishes and downfalls, with a sequence of endings that come together in a ravishingly sustained comic climax.
The mood will be too mild and shock-free for fans of Todd Solondz or early Neil LaBute; yet the film is sufficiently cool and quizzical to make you wonder where Lawson will turn next.
[E]xactly the sort of cheeky morbid you might expect from the title... [T]his isn't a sexy movie in the least, for all its bold and very welcome frankness. Instead, it's funny in a way that critiques romantic dysfunction.
The entire enterprise is more annoyingly quirky-perky than truly sexy or psychologically probing.
There is simultaneously too much and not enough going on in writer/director/co-star Josh Lawson's feature debut.
In the end, the film doesn't work.
Darkly funny, occasionally poignant and teeming with the unexpected.
A game cast, including Kim Gyngell as a former sex offender with baking skills, goes a long way in selling Lawson's hard-working material.
A winning humanity seeps through the high jinks. Lawson comes not to judge, but to assess the unintended consequences of sexual free play.
The vignettes... manage to be funnier than not.
The Little Death never feels remotely of a piece, and is likely to find its proper audience months from now when the individual sketches show up on YouTube.
This is apparently a comedy, and yet only a few of the characters' exploits are even mildly humorous.
Sad and often laugh-out-loud funny.
Sex comedies work best with light touch, and as the ponderous title (a literal translation of the French term for orgasm) indicates, Australian writer-director Josh Lawson mostly doesn't have it.
Sometimes funny, often just cringe-worthy
It's quite a trick Lawson has pulled off, creating a film that's as genuinely sweet as it is borderline offensive, and funny throughout.
Lawson either needed to flesh out these characters or view their failings with stiffer cynicism.
...this hypersexualized riff on Wild Tales is at its best when depicting the tenderness and sweet intentions of Maeve and Paul.
It's perched uneasily on a fence separating a rote comic sketch film from something weirder, stranger, and less engaged with offering reassuring domestic homilies.
"La Ronde" this is not.
A brightly performed, amusing and provocative entertainment that might have you rethinking what constitutes a normal sex life.
The set-up is a bit like that old Woody Allen's farce Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex crossed with Love Actually, though it's better than either because there's a disarming depth and poignancy here as well.
There are moments of bad taste black comic brilliance in this feature debut.
The film is truly much more than it reads on its surface, a far cry from the tired and formulaic rom-coms moviegoers have come to expect from Hollywood.
Erin James and T.J. Power get the least amount of screen time of all the couples in the anthology sex farce The Little Death, but they create the most lasting impression.
The Little Death is just a mostly laughless tour of unlikeable, depressive suburbanites.
An uproariously funny and honest sex comedy, The Little Death is an absolute laugh riot.
...morphs from very good to instant classic in its final stretch...
In formulating the screenplay, Lawson has blended both comedy and drama. It works in some places. It doesn't work in others.
The Little Death intriguing, provocative, a little frustrating -- sounds a bit like a relationship, doesn't it?
The Little Death is bold, brave and original.
An erratic episodic comedy about just how funny a fetish can be.
In lesser hands The Little Death could easily have been a misguided mess, yet [writer/director] Lawson shows an uncanny sureness of touch with difficult scenes and is able to toggle the tone from story to story.
With one or two bright spots, this is a mostly uninteresting, occasionally uncomfortable affair that is simply not as subversive, enlightening, or as taboo-breaking as it sets out to be.
For all of the comic potential of a broad and bawdy farce, Lawson's story doesn't meet its own brief and, much like the lousy sex had on screen, it ends up being a frustrating letdown of uneven pacing and mismatched mood.
A loveable, clever and feel-good film despite the fragmented structure.
Relatively experimental in its structure but conditioned like a sitcom.
The film itself is so contrived it's ridiculous. And not in a good way.
Overcooked at times and not always cohesive, Josh Lawson's debut feature about intimacy is a case of hit or miss, but in its favour, there are some very funny ideas coupled with some priceless moments
The film relies mostly on verbal exchanges for its comedy and its sexual content and while it is very explicit it is only sporadically funny.
Australian actor Josh Lawson writes, directs and appears in this middling ensemble comedy about the wacky sex lives of four suburban couples.

@highlight

The Little Death may appeal to fans of dark, risqué comedy, but it's ultimately too rough and uneven to hang together as a wholly satisfying viewing experience.