Modern-day echoes of being snookered into a bad war aren't lost on Clint Eastwood, and "Letters from Iwo Jima" delivers an overwhelmingly powerful eulogy for the death of righteousness in combat on either side of the line.
Not an anti-war tract or a glorification but, rather, a fair consideration of humanity that exists within the inhumanity of armed conflict.
Eastwood's cinema is one of resolutely moral images
Eastwood is a master of the extended look (this comes from the two directors he acknowledges as his own masters, Sergio Leone and Don Siegel), the look that stretches time and that is blinded by what it sees.
The most important film of 2006 was Clint Eastwood's Letters from Iwo Jima. In 20 years Letters from Iwo Jima will be a classic.
War is hell, always has been, and movies will continue to confirm it for anyone who might doubt. In this case, though, Letters only shows that for all the different perspective the other side of a war could have, it's the same old movie clichés.
Eastwood's direction is a thing of beauty, blending unblinking ferocity with fragile delicacy.
Both technical grace and an efficient ensemble smooth over some...clunky plotting.
A fine, textured study of war, one that considers the strategic side as well as the human side without sacrificing either.
Watching the film, I had admiration for what Eastwood and his writers were attempting, but I remained at arm's length. I'm not entirely sure why I could not buy into the film.
Much as already been made about the pride and honor of the Japanese, but as a people they have rarely, if ever, been depicted as fully human characters in American war movies. It's amazing to think what Clint Eastwood has done here.
... Eastwood takes this film out of the realm of a typical war picture to illuminate the boundless nature of the human spirit, which extends far beyond race and nationality.
In Letters, the glossy romanticism of history crumbles before our very eyes.
Eastwood has made a film that is thoughtful, poignant, touching, and philosophical. It stands as one of the best works in his long, illustrious career.
A Japanese war flick comprised of contrasting character portraits of soldiers torn between dying with honor and the very human instinct of self-preservation.
...a sad, lonely, melancholic film, for all its brutal action and bloodshed, with moments of sheer poetry and others of heartbreaking grief.
Instead of showing us the differences between the three men, Eastwood chooses to illustrate how much they were alike and, more importantly, how much they resemble you and me.
Letters From Iwo Jima is less interesting as the counter-perspective to last year's Flags of Our Fathers than it is as Clint Eastwood's effort to stake his own Japanese movie epic.
Some will make compelling arguments that Eastwood doesn't give us a complete picture of the Japanese or their atrocities, but the director still is betting that right now, perhaps the world could benefit from another perspective.
Por su humanidad y fuera desmitificadora, además de su rigurosa ejecución cinematográfica, se suma con honores a lo mejor de la filmografía de un gran director.
Eastwood who continues to make flawed but uniquely satisfying movies into his 70's, should be applauded for his sensitive and masterful handling of a concept long overdue.
...extraordinary in all its technical aspects, and profound and unique in its story. It's a worthy contender for Best Picture, but regardless of awards, it's worth your time.
The battle scenes are brilliantly handled, and what we best remember are moments of horror.
Doesn't have much to say except that Japanese are human beings, too.
Eastwood has managed to humanise these enemy soldiers in a way no Hollywood war film has done before.
By painting enemy combatants in distinctly human tones the film offers up a rare insight into the motivations and machinations of these (mostly) young men and in so doing makes us more appreciative of their noble and courageous efforts.
Letters From Iwo Jima does everything right that Flags of Our Fathers did wrong. Whereas Flags felt fractured and divided in its focus, spreading itself too thin dramatically and narratively, Letters is tight and intense.
Much like a tone poem about war.
The whole is a more satisfactory entity than Flags of Our Fathers - and the final scene, which has veterans and relatives scouring the tunnels and caves for the buried letters, is a suitably moving coda.
As every epic demands, there's gore aplenty, but apart from the obligatory floggings, ritual suicides and trigger-happy Americans, the human detail is deftly handled.
Eastwood and his cinematographer Tom Stern have done a superb and possibly unique job in showing both sides of this dreadful battle, and the pair of films together already look monumental.
It's Clint's assured camerawork combined with top-notch acting turns and blood-thirsty battle scenes that make this a stunning slice of cinema not to be missed.
For a film with such high Oscar hopes, you'll leave the cinema wondering what all the fuss is about.
Eastwood has made one of the most quietly devastating war movies of our time.
High-minded and generous, but lacking in real passion and flair.
The moral is hardly original. The scale certainly is. Only a director of Eastwood's standing could possibly terrify enough producers into financing this decidedly foreign, but impressively chunky, white elephant.
Worthy but dull - and dangerous to boot.
[An] elegiac, moving drama.
Even by [Eastwood's] own high standards, Letters is an extraordinary achievement.
Modestly intriguing, but made with a real sense of commitment.
Impressively directed, engaging and frequently moving drama, although it's a shame that there isn't a little more crossover with its companion piece.
An elegant improvement on Flags, with terrific performances and heart-in-mouth moments, but little lasting impact. Worth watching but worth not fighting for.
Eastwood shows no signs of letting up. Having directed the last great western with 1992's Unforgiven, he now presides over one of the best war films of recent years.
An even more sombre affair, as beautifully restrained as the earlier film but also, despite its scenes of battle, death, suicide and suffering, shockingly intimate.
A sharper account of the Iwo Jima conflict than Flags, this balances its unflinching handling of the horrors of war with its touching portrayal of those who face them.
Is Iwo Jima a better film than Flags? Perhaps, but only because it keeps its focus on that bleak island.
For the second time in one year, Eastwood manages to awe the world by stating the obvious, yet he does so in highly artistic fashion, masterfully shot and photographed.
Eastwood directs his performers with great skill, and brings a weary, astringent eye to the carnage that unfolds on Iwo Jima's blackened sands.
Unique and profoundly moving, Clint Eastwood's beautifully crafted Letters from Iwo Jima offers an insight not only into the ferocious battle that lasted an epic 40 days, but into the hearts, minds and culture of the Japanese
O foco de Clint Eastwood mais uma vez se encontra na dinâmica entre os soldados e na forte camaradagem que surge entre estes.
War movies used to be a dime-a-dozen in Hollywood... Here's one that manages to come along at the right time.
Just a little too nice and tidy for its own good, and that's a pity, because in many ways it may be Eastwood's most accomplished directing job.
...a remarkable feat of artistic imagination...
Eastwood makes some stylistic mistakes, but the strength of the underlying material comes through.
A poetic and meditatively paced story that unfolds as an alternately mournful and horrifically detailed mood piece, humanizing historical stereotypes.
Although much of the movie's tension is created by the well directed battle scenes, the reason we care so much is that we care about the characters involved.
The movie's sense of doom is powerfully conveyed; one graphic scene has weeping soldiers blowing themselves up with grenades.
A brave film. Starts strong, ends dry.
Eastwood deployed a sledgehammer of emotion with Flags, but with Letters, he uses a feather, and is much more effective for it.
Eastwood is motivated by such noble sentiment, you want him to pull this off. You root for him to craft something out of all this bloody history and wasted humanity that towers and soars but the picture neither towers nor soars.
A companion piece to his earlier film "Flags of Our Fathers," "Letters from Iwo Jima" is director Clint Eastwood's perspective on World War II told from the view of the Japanese. Both movies focus on the battle of Iwo Jima.
Whatever profound differences distinguish the current conflict from World War II, a similarity is that the enemy (on every side) is defined by the proponents of war as the 'other.' Part of Eastwood's achievement is to erase this otherness.
Another film about the brutality and senselessness of war, rather than glory.
Indirectly but cogently comment on our experiences of other movies. Having Japanese soldiers as heroes allows us to reconsider the didacticism we've been handed in the past.
continues to fight righteous battles to remind us of basic human values and to look at old issues from a fresh perspective
A good movie made even better if you consider it as a companion to Flags of Our Fathers
Brings Eastwood's detached puzzle pieces together, giving us a clearer understanding of the director's grand intentions.
Eastwood has crafted the best war movie since "Saving Private Ryan."
Letters from Iwo Jima takes no sides, takes no prisoners and will hopefully take home a handful of Oscars.
The Rising Sun flip-side of Flags of Our Fathers, Letters deserves a salute for its profiles in Japanese courage. P.S. It's still stamped with Eastwood's flogging of the moral high ground.
It will leave most viewers who can overlook that it's in Japanese with English subtitles totally awed.
The almost-suffocating feeling of confinement in the caves comes through vividly, and Eastwood establishes a fragile atmosphere dominated by hollow hopes and futile magical thinking.
The fog of war was more like smog in the gray visual and emotional palette of Flags of Our Fathers. And it is again in Letters from Iwo Jima.
Eastwood's provocative exploration of the Iwo Jima conflict is a historically educational lesson and, more importantly, a debate-opening comment on our current war.
Eastwood triumphs in making you understand and identify with the Japanese entrenched in a no-win situation, instead of caring more about those raising the flags of our fathers.
A tale that proves that mothers and sons are the same all over, "Letters From Iwo Jima" is another gem in Eastwood's crown.
Like Flags, Letters is a story about sacrifice, duty, loyalty, bravery and honor. But it is both more unsparing and more stirring.
The proper way to appreciate Letters and Flags is to treat them as complimentary halves of the same epic movie, a Godfather war epic. One half is plainly more ambitious than the other, but both have virtues that distinguish them.
Letters from Iwo Jima connects us to the hardships, dreams, joys, and tragedies of Japanese soldiers who have far more in common with their Yankee counterparts than they have differences.
Letters From Iwo Jima, director Clint Eastwood's look at the World War II battle from the perspective of the Japanese forces, is more accomplished and moving than Eastwood's Flags of Our Fathers.
A thoughtful allegory about a time when shock and awe met and defeated the inflexible forces of martyrdom.
By placing us on the opposite side of the battlefield, the movie forces us to approach it from a fresh perspective. The technique also lends Letters an uncommon timelessness.
Working with no directorial flourishes or fancy camera pyrotechnics, Eastwood's approach is natural and unforced. It's exactly what the material requires.
As opposed to its more-ambitious companion piece, which soured the mix with themes about fabricating heroes, Letters is spare, simple and claustrophobic -- pure drama, and possibly Clint Eastwood's best film.
Where Flags heaved its characters through war and psychic trauma without first allowing us all to get acquainted, Letters takes such care with its protagonists that they awaken and descend from the screen.
There are times when you're hard-pressed to recognize it as an Eastwood movie. It actually resembles work by the late Akira Kurosawa.
Eastwood is now 76, and Letters has the feel of a movie made by a man of experience. Almost stately in its tone, Letters reflects the wisdom of living; it's interested in observing how men behave when they know they can't win.
Letters is a work of whetted craft and judgment, tempered by Eastwood's years of life, moviemaking and the potent tango of the two. It is the work of a mature filmmaker willing to entertain the true power of the cinema.
Letters covers less emotional ground than its predecessor, because Eastwood and first-time writer Iris Yamashita (who shares a story credit with Paul Haggis) allow Japanese soldiers only three modes of behavior.
The power of Letters is that the screenplay allows the audience to understand the motivation of the Japanese soldiers and, more importantly, empathize with them.
Clint Eastwood, the director, achieves another milestone with Letters From Iwo Jima. Maybe only a filmmaker of his multi-Oscar-winning, all-American rank could stage such a brave project.
One of the finest war films ever made - in any language.
Where Flags seemed overwrought and furious with meaning, Letters is eloquent and profound.
At a time in life when many men are looking forward to... simply enjoying their retirement, Eastwood is continuing to turn out the best work of his long career.
The humanistic approach makes Eastwood's movie a war story for the ages.
Eastwood's ambition to give voice to the people who, in Flags, were a mostly faceless enemy is laudable, but the execution finds the director not striving for much originality.
one to see whether it gets an Oscar nomination or not.
"Letters From Iwo Jima" is just like every other war film and nothing like any other war film.
Letters from Iwo Jima may be almost completely in Japanese with subtitles, but it still comes from a traditional style of American filmmaking.
Its final downfall for me was its revisionist history that has us executing POWs in cold blood while the Japanese take good care of ours. Give me a break!
Iris Yamashita's screenplay is a thing of beauty. The Japanese soldiers are vivid characters, with a wide spectrum of views on the war, and they find themselves in situations that beg us to question what we'd do in similar situations.
What emerges most powerfully, though, is an intimate sense of sorrow, and of decency. If there is any chance that popular American cinema will continue to be an art form, then I bet Eastwood's Iwo Jima films will stand as a monumental achievement.
Humanizing our old adversaries doesn't erase their war crimes, and Eastwood doesn't whitewash the brutality of Japanese militarism. His point is that the Emperor's infantrymen were as much the victims of the Japanese war machine as the GIs they fought.
Letters from Iwo Jima ultimately dragged on too long to maintain my interest.
With Letters from Iwo Jima, Eastwood has made one of the select genuine, anti-war films.
Eloquent, bloody, and daringly simple, the movie examines notions of wartime glory as closely as Flags of Our Fathers dissected heroism.
In both his films, Eastwood empathizes with the 'expendable' soldier on the ground, the 'poor bastard' who is only a pawn in a war conceived by generals and politicians, some of whom have never come anywhere near a battlefield or a combat zone.
If Flags of Our Fathers is about heroism -- why we need it, how we create it -- then Letters From Iwo Jima is about honor, its importance, and its folly.
It skillfully avoids the usual war movie clichés while providing multiple points of entry.
Watanabe is appropriately noble and regal, if a bit stiff at times; but it is Ninomiya's grunt soldier who gives the film its soul. Alternately philosophical, humorous, terrified and crafty, he is everyman trying to survive hell.
Though it could have gone in that direction, Eastwood's film isn't an existential endgame drama. He's still more rooted in Howard Hawks than Samuel Beckett and in many ways this is a conventional war drama.
Side by side, though, Eastwood's movies are a sobering marvel: the massive military effort, suffering and sacrifice, the extremes of human behavior that war produces.
Eastwood has at times been a theme-bound and overly praised director. But the laurels really fit this unique double bill. His spare, careful classicism, braced by compelling care for tension and action, makes Letters a great battle movie.
In washed-out tones of brown and khaki, mimicking the colors of the troops' uniforms (blood, used sparingly, is startlingly crimson, seeming to sear a hole in the screen), the film plays out in a mood of resignation and control.
The unspoken message of the film is that war is a battle of competing symbols and ideologies that have no meaning. We create artificial divisions to hide the fact that we are all the same under the skin, with the same hopes, desires and fears.
Letters From Iwo Jima should remind us that even a "good war" is an ugly thing.
It's interesting to note that there is more emotional honesty in Clint Eastwood's Letters from Iwo Jima than from his earlier sister project Flags of Our Fathers.
Ironically, the challenge of directing a Japanese-language film with a non-English-speaking cast seems to have brought out the very best in Eastwood.
In the last half-hour, the story, like the Japanese, loses its way; lacking any clear-cut goals except survival, the film becomes repetitive. Letters From Iwo Jima is a necessary movie; too bad it's not a great movie.
[This] absorbing and thoughtful take on the plight of the trapped, desperate and suicidal Japanese troops, outstrips its companion piece. That's not a statement on patriotism; it addresses the nature of Eastwood's approach and basic human nature.
The subject, the technique and the maturity blend as one.
More affecting than the majority of war films, presenting fighters as scared men with a purpose and letters as love you can hold in your hand.
...takes two tried and true Hollywood elements - Clint Eastwood and the World War II picture - and turns them Japanese.
A long-overdue illumination of the Greatest Generation's opposing image, as well as a compelling examination of the meaning of sacrifice ... The faceless hordes are no longer faceless.
This is a mournful, difficult film, but also a masterful one. Eastwood finds pockets of kindness and humanity where you'd least expect them, and once again cements his hard-earned reputation as the restless inquisitor of our national mythologies.
The project lacks the variety of sensuous pleasures that a great movie has to provide.
Finally finishes a thematic trilogy begun with Unforgiven and A Perfect World.
Taken together, both Fathers and Iwo Jima cohere into a fascinating discussion that dismantles many of the tried-and-true themes of the genre, underscoring the gulf that divides those on the battlefield from those at home.
Letters from Iwo Jima is yet another poetic stroke of brilliance on Eastwood's long-standing canvas of cinematic brilliance.
It's a masterpiece of honesty, integrity, understanding, and wisdom.
Clint Eastwood will always be a red-blooded American filmmaker, but with 'Letters from Iwo Jima' he's demonstrated a remarkable maturity by looking outside our own borders.
Watanabe delivers an expectedly brilliant performance that depicts a General not only at battle with the enemy, but also embroiled in conflict with his own emotional struggles.
...it's hard to think of a war film that works so hard to make us fall in love with the enemy, and to airbrush their portraits. It's one thing to learn to love your enemies. It's another thing to view them through rose-colored glasses.
Eastwood directs the personal scenes with tenderness and the battle scenes with shocking frankness.
Makes you wish theaters (other than drive-ins) still played double features
This movie manages with great economy to show that soldiers on both sides had far more in common than they thought.
[Director] Eastwood [shows] how people make impossible choices with dreadful repercussions.
Companion piece to Flags Of Our Fathers (and frankly, this is a much better film). The message I got from these two movies is that war is hell, no matter which side you're on.
Somewhere between "great" and "timeless."
Grimly beautiful - Eastwood's images are as stark as the black and rocky beaches of Iwo Jima itself. But grim is really the operative word for this movie; it's relentlessly grim, almost to the point where it gets redundant and ponderous.
Significantly more interesting than its predecessor.
Only an overstuffed middle, battle-heavy section keeps Letters From Iwo Jima from being an elite movie.
This is one of the best men at war films, ever.
In its emotional simplicity and straightforward narrative punch, Letters also harks back to what was best about those war movies.
Unfortunately, Letters shares with Flags an awkward flashback structure and a patronizing tone.
Letters does something else, something devastating and timely as the U.S. faces loss in the Middle East. It interrogates the inevitability of loss in war, even when victory is proclaimed, and the senselessness of the effort.
achieves greatness by making us more privy to these men's inner lives
In nearly every regard, Letters is better than its predecessor -- more interesting and more complex in its worldview...
What Eastwood has achieved here is authentic and, at select times, achingly humane and riveting. It just isn't efficient.
Eastwood seems less concerned with provocation than with contemplation, of a popular military campaign and its supposed days of glory. The second film completes and deepens the first.
Never has a Hollywood filmmaker dared to examine a single battle in such intimately absorbing detail as the Oscar-winning legend does with these two, together the films a unique glimpse inside warfare unlike any we've seen before.
A deeply humane look at the men asked to do something most of us couldn't even begin to understand -- basically, as mentioned at the outset, dig their own graves.
It takes a filmmaker possessed of a rare, almost alchemic, blend of maturity, wisdom and artistic finesse to create such an intimate, moving and spare war film as Clint Eastwood has done.
Joins Gallipoli and Black Hawk Down on a spare list of works that try to deal with war on its own terms rather than Hollywood's.
Far superior to its companion piece, Letters is a grim and humane film that has to be counted among the director's better efforts.
It is the second, and artistically superior, half of a single epic film that springs from a single, stunning act of compassionate imagination.
So much time is wasted on irrelevant material that the movie drags at a snail's pace, and even at 141 minutes, Letters never develops its ideas beyond the standard 'war is hell' clichés.
Eastwood's second Iwo Jima film is far better than the first. Apart from some flashbacks to the commanding officer's cadet days, its unity of time and place gives it a powerful drive, and a tragic feeling of predestination.
Letters From Iwo Jima, Clint Eastwood's spare, poetic and remarkable companion piece to Flags of Our Fathers, is an engrossing and revealing look at that same World War II battle from the Japanese side.
One of the better movies of this maddeningly overcrowded holiday season.
Letters isn't about numbers or the battle or even the morality of war. It's about the sanctity of life and how we value our own.
Subtle and non-judgmental, "Flags of Our Fathers" and "Letters from Iwo Jima" examine history within its context and emerge as strikingly effective anti-war statements.
Another masterpiece from the remarkable Clint Eastwood. A film that stands on its own as a moving testament to the common humanity of the warriors.
This is one of the best war movies in years.
A complex act of empathy, a sincere attempt to understand the human beings, flawed and all, behind the flag of Japan.
Eastwood is so busy humanizing Japanese soldiers that he ends up rewriting history.
Better than almost any other filmmaker, Eastwood understands that the story's words and actions alone get the point across that war is hell, even for the enemy.
This second picture is so different from the first, and such a rare, remarkable achievement in itself, it could have stood squarely on its own.
This is sentimentality of the best kind, a touching display of male bonding amid terror and aching loneliness worthy of Howard Hawks at his finest.
Although Eastwood does an adequate job of developing the characters into more than paper-thin soldiers, this isn't a character-based piece, and that limits its effectiveness.
Another masterwork from Clint Eastwood's astonishing late period, and one of the best war movies ever.
Eastwood may not be a primarily political filmmaker, but his celebration of men fighting a lost war is timeless, as well as urgently topical.
The laconic, pitiless way Eastwood shot the violence of battle underscores what a waste it all is, underlines the futility that so many have to die because of the misguided ideology of a few in leadership positions.
In every way possible, Letters from Iwo Jima is the superior effort and precisely the kind of film Flags of Our Fathers should have been.
It's totally refreshing and, honestly, almost a little unnerving to see (a film) where the protagonists don't get to high-five each other before walking off into the sunset.
a stark masterpiece, rife with irony, pathos, and melancholy for the waste of it all.
Represents a serious and sensitive epic on the real nature of war--not as some strategic game but as a devastating human experience.
It's doubtful that any other living director could treat this topic with the same respect and artistry.
Clint Eastwood's 'Letters from Iwo Jima' makes an even greater emotional impact than his 'Flags of Our Fathers' did earlier this year.
It's fantastic. It's really worth seeing.
Too old for another Dirty Harry movie, Eastwood embraced the role of brooding, fatalistic American Master -- and, I'm bound to say, is finally beginning to wear it more convincingly.
Clint Eastwood performed the year's most ambitious and original cinematic feat in making a pair of companion films about the significance of the battle at Iwo Jima and the ways in which the Japanese and American governments treated that pivotal engagement
Eastwood has achieved another impressive cinematic coup, making the type of classic war film we all knew he was capable of making.
A strikingly well-made film that states its case subtly and without compromise.
One may argue with Eastwood's filmmaking strategies but the general just gravitates toward blazing new movie trails;it's in his genetic makeup as much as in his ammo belt.
In the 40's, American movies showed Japanese saying 'Banzai.' Total vocabulry. Finally, a picture that shows Japanese soldiers as human beings.
Clint Eastwood's revisionism painting America in a bad light and turning Imperial Japan's barbaric soldiers into boon chaps won't change the facts.
Letters is quality from first frame to last, a war film that is almost a tone poem.
Many will find it to be a critics darling, languid and lacking in humor. But for me, it was a powerful experience.
It takes a filmmaker of uncommon control and mature grace to say so much with so little superfluous movement, and Eastwood triumphs in the challenge.
...A unique, bifocal view of ground war -- the men who fight it, the propaganda attending it, the awful way it ends.
Superbly acted, unblinking and unhysterical, it looks beyond politics into the hearts and minds of the men we needed to call 'the enemy,' and lets us see ourselves.
In spite of its cases of explanatory handholding, there remains a stirring potency to Letters' exploration of loyalty, responsibility, and nobility.
All-American Eastwood and foreign-language art film are not exactly congruent terms and yet that's what we get: a revionist historical film that pays tribute to the Japanese soldiers and does it with style, intimacy, dignity and compasssion.
Eastwood finds more to say in defeat than he does in victory.
What could have been a claustrophobic Japanese variation of Das Boot is a missed opportunity instead.
Taken together, Flags and Letters represent a genuinely imposing achievement, one that looks at war unflinchingly -- that does not deny its necessity but above all laments the human loss it entails.
While Flags is the broader, more entertaining film, if you will, Letters is, for want of a better expression, more art house.


@highlight

A powerfully humanistic portrayal of the perils of war, this companion piece to Flags of our Fathers is potent and thought-provoking, and it demonstrates Clint Eastwood's maturity as a director.