With some hilarious scenes, but the majority are terribly heavy, slow and gruesome, Life During Wartime is one of those depressing films that will leave you with little more than a stomach ache... [Full review in Spanish]
Helen may not be for everyone, but to at least some of us, she's irresistible.
...mannered and self-conscious to an extreme.
There's a creepy torque to Life During Wartime that is uniquely Solondz, and the high probability of viewers' unease is part of his program.
While "Happiness" chillingly depicted how all the characters succumb to desire and rejection, the new film's theme of their inability to exorcise the ghosts in their lives seems comparatively less grandiose.
A daring tragicomedy revolving around the theme of forgiveness and forgetting in the post-9/11 years.
Strikes the right balance between funny, disturbing and truthful.
works extremely well, especially in the way its challenging material is contrasted by the bright, sunny cinematography, which captures southern Florida in all its gaudy, inferno-ice-cream-colored splendor
A typically horny-thorny Solondzian dramedy...Solondz's is a universe of limitless disappointment. [Blu-ray]
A wonderful, must-own transfer by the Criterion Collection of one of last year's best films.
It feels a little wrong, even perverse, to describe a Todd Solondz film as 'fun'. But Life During Wartime - the sequel to his acclaimed and highly disturbing 1998 picture Happiness - is fun.
I'd never have predicted something this mediocre.
Definitely not a film for everybody, but (Todd) Solondz fans...will find plenty to chew on as he continues his exploration into the wounded lives of three sisters and their fractured families.
Solondz... might have maintained sympathy for these characters before, but now seems to hate them as much as they hate themselves.
A mere shadow of its predecessor.
A perilous balancing act that the writer-director doesn't quite pull off, though he's populated it with an exceptional cast.
Filmgoers who like their comedy so dark that they might forget to laugh will delight in Todd Solondz's Life During Wartime.
Todd Solondz's "Life During Wartime" is full of characters who make the same mistakes over and over again, unable to change their bad habits. He must know just how they feel.
Life During Wartime, which feels like a movie made to fulfill a contractual obligation, says nothing new, nothing that Happiness didn't already say, only better.
I don't know if this is a negative thing to say about a Solondz film, but there are ultimately glimmers in this one of what could almost be described as hope.
The daring director is still a fascinating craftsman, but now we don't feel welcome in his dollhouse.
For all of Solondz's mischief, we sense he likes his unhelpable characters, and that they maybe like each other. A little bit, anyway.
An easy film to dislike, a piece of cake to admire and all but impossible to love. But I think that's part of the intent.
Happiness didn't really need a follow-up; it said everything it needed to say and had quite the indelible, ahem, climax.
Human self-inflicted suffering that heaps contempt on its characters while showing empathy for their pain
This quasi-sequel revisits that witches' brew of self-loathing, cum shots, suicide and pedophilia, and adds race relations, 9/11, Zionism, and the auteur's latest craze: wacky stunt-casting.
Solondz has dropped off the radar of late, but the good news -- or bad news, if you've never warmed to his chilly touch -- is that this master of the jaundiced worldview is back on top of his game.
It's tough stuff, but it's worth it.
It's the kind of movie I don't so much hate as find not worthy of even discussing, Solondz quickly becoming a misery-selling afterthought I no longer want to give the time of day.
Solondz treats his characters with all the compassion of a child frying ants with a magnifying glass.
This follow-up is not nearly as shocking and provocative as the earlier film. And it's not nearly as effective.
Life During Wartime is what you'd get if you watched Happiness and thought, 'I like it, but I wish it were more pitiless. And uglier.'
The question is: Who wants to watch these people?
Solondz, through the troubled voice of 13-year-old Timmy, does rigorous justice to the difficulties of forgiving and/or forgetting.
Lachman and Solondz have a gift for finding the extraordinary in the ordinary and that ray of hope amid the hopelessness.
With Life During Wartime, makes the dreaded "mature" work, but he does it without really compromising the sometimes shocking subject matter that got him here.
Solondz seems to grasp for significance while hating his creations.
The characters march around in a circle and we learn one important thing: Stay away from hotels and restaurants in Florida.
[Solondz] seems mired in simply rehearsing his characters' most fatal flaws.
Todd Solondz keeps attempting the impossible and deserves credit for trying.
For the first time in a long time, I'm not just curious about what this divisive director will do next but excited. It took going back to an old tune for Todd Solondz to find his voice again.
At times, it makes you realize Solondz may be the closest heir we'll get to Robert Bresson, the French filmmaker of human despair and mysterious grace.
This is the Solondz world. I think he's a brilliant filmmaker.
Still examining the corners of human nature with a twisted snarl ... few filmmakers so fearlessly consider the big, sick comedy happening everyday to everyone.
Viewing it feels not unlike having a dream about people you knew a long, long time ago.
[Solondz'] best to date...
Derives its blackly comedic bite from being both tragic and immediate.
A taut and tantalizing mix of salty bites and lazy blanks...
The latest film by Todd Solondz is total critic-porn. I'm not sure whether or not broader audiences will embrace it, but then again, with this director, one never can be.
What's here is superb, but there's not enough of it; the film does not feel like a complete whole so much as an extended tease.
It is an evergreen source for Solondz's provocative, if often self-derivative, look at hypocrisy in relationships with family, romantic partners, and selves.
I can't stand the moral universe that we're dealing with here.
Not having been a big admirer of Happiness, I don't see the vast achievement in bringing that movie up to date, but a few of the performances and sequences resonate.
Not one moment avoids complete condescension and arrogance. The fact that there isn't a character in every scene throwing feces at the other characters, acting as a Solondz surrogate, seems like a rather dishonest omission.
My Big Fat Jewish Wedding!
Mr. Solondz exaggerates in the direction of mockery, yes, but his lurid colors, emphatic musical effects and dead-center framing also betray a commitment to melodrama that can only be sincere.
The screenplay is full of clever dialog that brings humor to some weighty and often bizarre or sinister events.
While it obviously isn't for all tastes, this is a big, thematically rich step forward -- mostly it's about tolerance and forgiveness -- from the empty provocation of Solondz's Storytelling and Palindromes. About time.
Life During Wartime relies on uncomfortable black humor and moments of sincere drama to involve viewers. But everything is encased in artifice and the movie becomes a chore to take in.
Solondz sees life as misery and actors as instruments. In his hands, they're pianissimo, vibrato, fortissimo -- and never in harmony.
electrifying
In retrospect, Todd Solondz probably should have hung it up after Happiness.
There's repetitious talk about forgiving and forgetting, and debate over which is preferable, but Solondz doesn't seem particularly interested in either.
In a staring contest with his audience, Solondz never blinks. He picks and picks at the themes that consume him, and he doesn't care who stays and who leaves. Me, I'm rapt.
Believe me, it's odd to watch a film of perverts, pedophiles, and sniffly melodrama (Sirk with a Polanski spank) and respond with a been there, done that shrug.
Life During Wartime might be the toughest American movie of 2010. Its audacity confirms Solondz's ingenuity and thematic focus.
Todd Solondz revisits his Happiness characters, but what once seemed provocative and challenging now comes across as bratty, aimless and predictable.
Life During Wartime slices deeply into its characters' weaknesses...But also in evidence is an unlikely vein of forgiveness (or maybe it's oblivion).
There's no arc here, no real pathos, and the direction is like watching snow melt on the side of a road.
Daring the discomfited viewer to laugh at shame and suffering, and then wonder why we're laughing, Todd Solondz is back.
Solondz may not have softened with age, but his creations have undoubtedly grown wiser because of it.
Todd Solandz is back once again to beat his convoluted dead-horse themes of race relations and schmaltzy pedophilia.
Wartime will make you squirm just like Todd Solondz's other movies. But it still marks a departure for the king of alienating cinema.
With an in-your-face focus on forgiveness (or forgetting), Solondz still raises the ick factor, but this time around he's more laugh out loud funny.
As with Palindromes, Life During Wartime revolves around a casting gimmick, with its predecessor's roles now embodied by all new performers.
Revisiting familiar turf or sheer repetition: After a decade of disappointing features, Solondz is back on terra firma with this sort of a sequel to the 1998 Happiness, still his best work by far.
Resembles a photographed play about a family decomposing within amid the lush sub-tropical vista outside.
Solondz conjures a world that's rotting away from the inside, in which only the children -- freckle-faced Dylan Riley Snyder and Emma Hinz -- weep over the loss of moral authority.
Todd Solondz's Life During Wartime has a mordant humour but lacks a contained focus.
Its abbreviated running time makes it feel more like an addendum than a second volume, but it's still galvanizingly perverse enough to stand out in what may be, so far, the blandest movie year in recent memory.
You can't get enough Happiness -- or so Todd Solondz must have thought when he spun off this sour sequel to his 1998 misanthropic ode to suburban perversion.
Life During Wartime proves that Solondz, even when he's producing milder fare than when he first came to attention, is still in a league of his own.
With an all-new cast, it feels almost like a jazz riff, playing with the characters and themes and sending them in new directions. And it's both hilarious and clever.
A heady mix of deadpan humor that boldly uses such topics as pedophilia, race and terrorism to plead the need for forgiveness at a personal and national level.
Winning result, which reels off one riveting scene after another, stands as both a unique sort-of sequel and a film that requires no prior reference points; it's entirely satisfying either way, though even richer if you recall the antecedent.
Life During Wartime is an oddly touching drama about three unhappy sisters and those in their orbit.
The various performers effectively manage to put their own spin on these already-established figures.
If the film says nothing new, it certainly brings the same kick to the mind that Happiness achieved. And it's not as cold-hearted as it first seems.
Part painfully funny, part just painful and soul-searching, Solondz's sixth feature is a sequel played as self-interrogation, tackling old terrain with the benefit of hindsight and the sure sting of conviction.
Solondz's approach renders the film so dramatically inert that even though he's assembled a classy cast, they seem weirdly uncomfortable delivering his overtly mannered dialogue.
It is odd, unsettling and told with humour so dark you are not sure whether to howl with laughter or take grave offence. It is also a mournful reflection on the search for hope in a world conspiring to make such a quest a foolâ(TM)s errand.
Interesting and bleakly hilarious as it often is, it will add to an uneasy sense that Solondz is running out of ideas.
A film that'll make you laugh out loud -- and then make you want to wash your hands.
Just like any family reunion: forced, painful and underwhelming.
Possibly a brave and interesting triumph for its director, but definitely a cold-eyed heartless bore for his audience.
Solondz's ongoing interests ... ensure some shocks but his underlying interests are sincere and humane: the consequences of trauma, the capacity for self-delusion, the possibility of change and the necessity of forgiveness.
Todd Solondz, the terminally depressed director of the award-winning Happiness, appears to have cheered up and settled into his role as a kind of super-curdled Woody Allen.
Taboo-challenging indie auteur Todd Solondz reopens old wounds with cut-throat precision in this loose sequel to his stinging 1998 black comedy Happiness.
Superbly acted, sharply written and darkly funny in places, this is a clever reworking of Happiness that's part sequel and part something else entirely...
It is arguable that Solondz has been somewhat marginalised in recent years, but this 'sequel' exhibits a newfound mellowness that those who lost interest following the middle-class mockery of Storytelling may find oddly endearing.
Although softer and a wee bit more hopeful than its predecessor, the script is as corrosively caustic, taking familiar potshots at gaudy, sterile suburbia (sorry South Florida and New Jersey).
There is something to giggle at in nearly every frame of the movie.


@highlight

With Life During Wartime , Todd Solondz delivers an unexpected semi-sequel to Happiness in typically uncompromising fashion.