Murder, masturbation, melancholy, molly-this is one overstuffed Canadian debut feature. Perhaps they should have cut the talking hamster.
Somehow that revolutionary, empowering message never got through to Dunn. His film seems sexually and psychologically arrested in the pathology that blocks coming out.
If you didn't think a hamster voiced by Isabella Rossellini could make you cry, think again.
A psychological thriller that has the ability to leave no one indifferent, something that makes one of the pearls to discover this year and a future cult title. [Full review in Spanish]
One way to tell a promising director is by the acting in his or her film, and the performances in "Closet Monster" are solid all the way around, no matter how small the role.
If it all doesn't work perfectly, that's oddly okay, the character-driven highs making up for the bits and pieces that fail to reach the same sort of unpredictably enthralling heights so much of the rest thankfully soars to.
Sort of a horror film, but not really. It's too funny to be categorized that way.
A film school thesis project that somehow found its way into general release.
If Dunn can direct his next work with more considered distance from his characters, he has a great future as an inventive and assured film director.
Dunn plays around with perspective and style, but all the flash doesn't obscure the film's emotion and heart, which are deep and true.
It's nothing less than an emotional exorcism.
The determined eccentricity of the entire conceit-liberally laced with moments of hallucinatory surrealism-weighs the movie down, creating an airless ambiance at odds with any youthful verve which might appeal to the viewer.
Closet Monster is most successful when it uses fable-like qualities to allow us to feel Oscar's emotions viscerally rather than narratively.
A most auspicious debut.
Connor Jessup wonderfully inhabits the teenage Oscar, who observes others while trying to find himself. Aaron Abrams, as his father, and Aliocha Schneider and Sofia Banzhaf, as friends, are just as multilayered.
It wouldn't work at all if the filmmaker hadn't lucked into an actor as gifted as Jessup.
It's when Stephen Dunn dares to inhabit the how and not the what of queerness that the film feels authentic and deliciously strange.
[The film's] trajectory might be obvious and on a well-tread path, but the way it unfolds is wholly unique in its theatrical language.
Dunn's off-kilter risks show the same kind of daring that's made Xavier Dolan a star.
Dunn's debut is a truly unique coming out story, not to mention a highly original Canadian film.
If there is any doubt that this country's young filmmakers need all the institutional support they can get, then Closet Monster offers the definitive answer: God, yes, please!
Newfoundland filmmaker Stephen Dunn employs fantasy and bizarre flourishes in his imaginative debut drama about a teen's (Blackbird's Connor Jessup) conflicts about his sexuality.
There are many things to like about this Newfoundland-set coming-of-age/coming-out/quasi-body-horror picture, not the least of which are Bobby Shore's low-key, obstacle-laden camerawork and a carefully calibrated performance by Connor Jessup.
It's the best English language teen LGBT film in recent years.
...finds a balance between simply pouring new content into an old form, and becoming so esoteric that the strengths of that form are lost.

@highlight

Closet Monster is a unique, understated fable, buoyed by a strong performance from Connor Jessup.