The film is simply unbelievable; it's ruined not by the actresses or the script, but by the tone -- and not just ruined: destroyed, mashed into a pulp.
The comedy's anarchic tone is refreshing but it leaves little room for heart. You'll laugh, but you might feel a bit hollow inside.
Bridesmaids it's not.
We always want women behaving badly, don't we? And damn, are Dunst and Co. good at it.
This isn't Bridesmaids, it's HurlyBurly for women pushing 30.
Bachelorette strives to recapture the close-to-the-knuckle comic mayhem that made Bridesmaids a surprise hit, but the essential sweetness that underpinned the earlier film's gross-out gags is sadly lacking.
The edginess is just window dressing. The message is as schmaltzy as anything you'd find in a kooky rom-com.
Bachelorette is very much its own bitter brew, using the comic framework of a botched, coke-fuelled hen night to examine the stinging self-loathing exposed in three women by another's happiest day.
Give me a nice Audrey Hepburn film any day.
Retains that edge regularly removed from more commercially amenable comedies, and the cast make merry-ish ...
Gleefully caustic comedy that sticks an elbow in the face of the usual chick flick conventions ...
Not good.
It flips in and out of its tone too many times. Nevertheless it does have a sourness and a wretchedness that make some moments startlingly real and vivid.
It cuts to the quick with toxic glee, confronting us with a trio of the worst friends you could possibly want at your wedding.
It's hard to feel anything but vacuity after watching, regardless of Dunst's commendable and animated turn at crushing the nuptials dream.
This is simply one of the best of its druggy-slackers-go-bananas genre. And such beautiful women haven't been allowed to be so funny since Gentlemen Prefer Blondes.
The cast tear through the film with bug-eyed glee, with Fisher and Caplan perfect as the two worst friends a girl could ever have.
No amount of zingy putdowns from Dunst or coke lines from Caplan can hide the fact that this film is fluffy at heart (and no worse for that).
...the filmmaker devotes much of the movie's first half to endless sequences that are, by and large, utterly devoid of laughs.
Three bridesmaids embark on a non-stop parade of debauchery fueled by coke, booze, and pills... for all those people that wished Bridesmaids was more like The Hangover.
This is a movie about people who have been so caught up in themselves, in being so defiantly themselves at the expense of actual human connection, that life is passing them by.
It's a ensemble piece of attractive ladies, but their beauty is only skin deep. Each of the characters is an ugly person inside
It would be a major mistake to think that Bachelorette is simply a rip-off of Bridesmaids with a healthy dose of Mean Girls stirred into the mix. This comedy clearly marches to its own beat.
Self-consciously raunchy, and simply more loud and annoying than funny, Bachelorette serves as ample evidence that women can do stupid and crude as well as men, if pushed to it.
Bachelorette is all about these very fine actresses playing some pretty sad, desperate women who have some pretty funny lines to say.
The performances and characters are the best thing about Bachelorette, which tries to walk a fine line between bawdy gross-out comedy and introspective "what have I done with my life?" drama for 30-somethings.
"It may be wrapped in the pretence of a comedy, but scratch beneath the shiny facade and sharp one-liners, and there's a dense and dark core."
A comedy with an almost cruel level of honesty that explores not just the weird dynamics of long-term friendships but the deeper forces that operate inside each individual.
Limp, lazy, unfocussed...about as funny as flat champagne.
The material becomes increasingly uncomfortable since it mainly comes from sad and traumatic places. This is what gives the film its edge.
Leslye Headland's bitterly unfunny Bachelorette not only squanders a talented cast of comic performers, but also chastises the audience for revelling in the unfiltered awfulness of their characters.
Unpleasant, repellent viewing that, surprisingly, offers only repugnant characters and toxic protagonists, nothing more.
Lacking the charm and genuine heart of Bridesmaids, Bachelorette feels like a bouquet of wilted flowers - brittle and less than lovely, outstanding performances notwithstanding
The actresses are thoroughly committed to the memorable roles they boldly inhabit, but the performers as well as the characters deserve a less compromised vehicle.
Bachelorette is a thoroughly off-putting misfire that squanders its talented cast with horrible writing and an overabundance of bitter fights, vulgar language and general bitchiness.
The funny stuff is impertinently delightful and honest, and delivered expertly by this female ensemble. Material this hilarious and astute is a rare thing in the few comedies that dare to be dominated by women
Did you enjoy "Bridesmaids" last year, but wish it had been a bit more cynical, mean-spirited, and druggy?
Bachelorette is a poor-woman's Bridesmaids, in need of a bit more laugh-inducing moments...
...there's no soft center here, no sweetness lurking to cut the tart. This is a raw and genuinely brave film that falters here and there, but gets up swearing and snarling, a razor in its pretty little hand.
Dunst ... seems liberated in playing this shrill, tightly wound woman who comes unhinged when her dreams of a perfectly staged wedding - even if it's not her own - start slipping away.
What's the point of creating such defiantly unlikable characters if you're just going to declaw them and give them hearts of gold before the closing credits roll? A better title might have been Girls Gone Mild.
The women's dialogue is pungently ribald but diffuse; too often, shouting and shrieking and gesticulating take the place of engaged performance.
A nasty little piece of work -- a phrase I use not with contempt but with grudging admiration.
It's consistently funny, but it's also shame that Bachelorette lets most of its characters off the hook too easily, especially after being such a tough-minded film at the opening.
All of the slapstick makes it feel nonsensical, but it's grounded in likeable characters we can root for
Think "Bridesmaids," but turn the poop to vomit, up the alcohol intake, darken the sense of humor, give Rebel Wilson an American accent and sprinkle some coke on top.
Its actresses - particularly Dunst - are terrific. Headland has a nice feel for music, too, and takes some editing risks.
Thankfully, it's not a big-screen version of the reality television show of the same name, but this ensemble comedy about girls behaving badly isn't much better.
Don't worry, 'Bridesmaids.' This latest wedding hijinks comedy ends up as a silly rip-off that tries to capitalize on your success. But you're still Number One!
Writer/director Leslye Headland makes her feature debut with this comedy which isn't really all that funny but is a lot more honest than last year's "Bridesmaids.
These ladies' misadventures, as irritating as they are along the way, culminate with real poignancy that almost makes up for the frustrating fact that it all could have been avoided in the first place.
I don't see why women being as slobby and gross as the guys is such a feminist breakthrough -- especially since, as in Bachelorette, the slobbiness and grossness is witless.
A supposedly raunchier and 'darker' version of 'Bridesmaids' (it isn't), the film is beautifully cast and funny.
You might tag the young writer-director Leslye Headland as someone to watch in the future.
Wicked LaBute-ian fun until that dastardly last act. When this black of a comedy is suddenly dipped into a rosy-red vat of sentimentality ... we know the dye's going to run very, very soon.
In the midst of a wacky wedding comedy, these actresses are giving fleshed-out, three-dimensional performances and that's something to celebrate.
A lot of this is very funny. If Bachelorette had come out before Bridesmaids, it might have been seemed a fresh exercise.
An unexpected and bitterly funny take on the misery of the modern, maladjusted woman.
As smart and popreferential as Headland's writing is, it's a little underwhelming when it comes to delivering on laughs.
It's a sour, only fitfully funny affair, wasting the abilities of its otherwise talented cast, which includes Kirsten Dunst, James Marsden, Adam Scott and Isla Fisher.
Easily the most maddening aspect of it is that Headland takes a great cast, filled with incredibly likable actors and puts them in utterly unappealing roles.
Even in this dreary, going nowhere role, Dunst is fascinating to watch.
Talented actors are wasted in a film that induces more cringes than chuckles as women old enough to know better act like horny sailors on leave, absorb mass quantities of alcohol and drugs, and generally behave horribly.
Headland works hard to reconcile the wild and the tame; if she never quite gets the balance right, ya gotta admire her bold juxtaposition of overdose-resuscitation gags with lessons on self-loathing and bulimia.
The lion's share of Bachelorette, written and directed by Leslye Headland, is unnervingly entertaining.
For women who find the film grim, I imagine that's because part of it feels true and rare in an American movie.
It feels haphazard and unrefined like so many awful comedies but an extremely talented cast saves it from total disaster.
"Bachelorette" commits only one crime, but it's a make-or-break offense -- it's just not quite funny enough.
There's something to admire in Bachelorette's initial flag-planting outrageousness, even if it goes too far and then sheepishly pulls back to a more conventional conclusion.
Asks too much from a tale that argues gagging one's self is both a shameful sin and a useful skill
Dunst, Caplan and Fisher make a delicious trio as they stir up a bitches' brew of revenge against poor Becky (Wilson). Headland can write zingers that would make the cruelest bridezilla blush.
What's actually off-putting about this movie is how desperate the filmmakers are to exploit other people's ideas.
Bachelorette would be better off as a soulless farce, not the noxious semi-melodrama it eventually becomes. It's a movie that doesn't know whether to hug its characters or push them off a bridge.
What writer-director Leslye Headland has given us is a romp that never quite romps, a teary-eyed string of taking-stock moments without tears, and a serious squandering of major league movie talent.
The best reason to see Bachelorette is Dunst, once a child star with an uncanny ability to project maturity, now an actress with an ever-increasing range.
"Bachelorette" comes at you with the crackling intensity of machine-gun fire. Maybe the safest way to watch it is by peeking out from a behind a sandbag.
Bachelorette will no doubt be divisive, possibly along generational lines. If you have to ask "Do women really talk this way?" it's not for you.
Funnier than Bridesmaids.
Spending time with these people is hellish.
Comedies in which women talk dirty and act stupid and horny - is this such a hard to genre to get right?
Not to sound too much like a bratty teen-and these bachelorettes should know better-but, um, why should I care again?
Caplan ... steals all of her scenes, takes them to the Target returns desk for illicit refunds, and spends all the money on whatever unicorn sweat gives you big, dewy eyes like Mary-Louise Parker.
Mean girls get nicer in raucous, raunchy party comedy.
Quickly subverts expectations with its mordant honesty and its hilarious balancing of sensitivity and scatalogy.
As toxic as a Drano cocktail, this would-be Bridesmaids, at times as outrageous but also foul-mouthed and lacking any discernible heart, is strictly recommended for those who confuse incessant nasty snark for wit.
Lovely women doing genuinely ugly things makes for a potent combination.
Sometimes a movie is so bad it makes me want to go into seclusion and never see another film. Bachelorette is one of those.
[U]nspeakably pitiless... It's like this is a comedy from Star Trek's vicious Mirror Universe, where backstabbing and scheming are just the way things are.
I'm ready to forget I ever saw it.
Bachelorette is expertly shot and paced, with a script that's as cutting as a serrated knife.
As black as comedy can get while still ending up a crowd-pleaser. Straddling a very fine line, but never toppling over, the film's future cult status and high rewatchability factor are all but guaranteed.
[Compared to Bridesmaids]... this is more of an ensemble effort, gamely led by the trio (and potentially awesome law firm) of Dunst, Fisher and Caplan.
Funnier than both Hangover flicks jammed together, and I hope that doesn't read like a DVD blurb. I mean it.
The movie starts out rowdy, then turns more serious as the heroines confront their own weaknesses, and while both sides of Bachelorette come off as forced at times, the film is consistently funny, and Headland achieves a rare honesty.
Toxic, nasty, and ugly.
Bachelorette succumbs to sentimentality late in the game, but it's funniest and most entertaining when channeling its raging inner bitch.
After a promisingly funny first half, this tale of three coke-snorting gal-pals trying not to screw up their friend's nuptials all but drowns in its own catty cynicism, turning as stingy with emotion and insight as it is with real laughs.
A tasty cast and a good share of snappy dialogue provide entertainment but can't quite make this pre-nuptials shindig quite the party that it might have been.
This is a rapier-sharp, fast-paced comedy of manners, less concerned with delivering big laughs than with exploring its characters and their complicated interactions.
Leslye Headland's directorial debut, adapting her own stage play, runs on nastiness with a dose of romance. It doesn't reinvent anything, but it keeps the bile flowing.


@highlight

It has its moments, but Bachelorette ultimately plays it too safe with its trio of unlikable leads, betraying them with a predictably sentimental final act that undermines the bracingly honest humor preceding it.