[VIDEO ESSAY] Alejandro Amenábar's seamless depiction of Ramón Sampedro's battle for his own sense of integrity arrives in refreshing cinematic terms.
Fascinating story too complex for young viewers.
It's a good movie. It's just not a movie for which I can work up much personal enthusiasm.
Can a movie be too well made for its own good? Stylish and painterly, with moments of great lyricism, it flies over the Spanish countryside to the sea...the film does everything in its power to escape the claustrophobia inherent in the story.
The performances are heartbreaking, the story both tragic and uplifting - Amenabar has crafted yet another movie that's sure to please many.
The production itself is so rich in authentic emotional life and breathtaking visuals, word of mouth and positive reviews should carry the (pay) day.
Bio-pic chronicles quadriplegic Ramon's Sampredo's 28-year crusade to legalize euthanasia in order that he be allowed to die with dignity.
The film is worth seeing, but only if you're prepared to set aside your aversion to its polemic in order to experience its compassion.
An intelligent and moving treatment of a potentially maudlin subject matter.
what could have been unrelieved morbid dreariness becomes, in the hands of Amenabar, a provocative and unexpectedly life-affirming story...
The result, as imagined by Amenábar, who co-wrote the screenplay with Mateo Gil, is like watching the human spirit flash before your eyes.
The acting in the film is superb, especially by Bardem, who richly deserved his Academy Award nomination.
Javier Bardem gives a remarkable, delicately honed performance.
Rare is the motion picture which grapples with issues this provocative and profound. Rarer still is one which does so this well.
Had its beautiful moments but also had its soap opera moments.
Respectable but undistinguished, and it places a distant second to 2004's other award winner about euthanasia (don't ask, won't tell).
Bardem's performance, a true triumph of face acting, imbues the character with simultaneous impish mischief and weary resignation.
It's curious that the assisted-suicide debate over a late plot twist in Million Dollar Baby didn't rage over this one. After all, Amenabar is dealing with a real life.
A lyrical and warm film.
Bardem is simply astounding as Sampedro.
If ever there was a film that deserved to get the proverbial bump from Oscar, this is it. Rarely has any film so focused on death felt so vibrantly alive.
Built around Bardem's immobile presence, the film can't help but seem stolidly monumental even as it explores issues that are heart-wrenchingly personal.
Un viaje doloroso, claro, pero cargado de esperanza y optimismo. (...)Amenábar (...) ha hecho una película sobre el deseo de morir que, en realidad, está llena de vida.
The journey to death can be tremendously life-affirming.
Bardem contributes layers of weariness and passion that gives us a visceral understanding of the life his character is mourning for.
Bardem's physical constraints here do not hold him back from creating the most riveting and soul stirring character captured on film in 2004
Bardem delivers a shattering performance in "The Sea Inside," bringing Ramon to life with quiet but exquisite conviction.
What really makes the film watchable is yet another terrific lead performance by Javier Bardem, an actor who only gets better with age.
While Bardem delivers Sampedro's pleas for a dignified death with eloquence and conviction, Amenabar's depiction of that life suggests the director isn't entirely convinced.
The Sea Inside is a heartbreaking triumph. And Alejandro Amenabar is poised to become one of cinema's great talents.
...an interesting and serious-minded failure.
For whatever reason, it's an injustice that Bardem was not nominated for best actor.
Mar Adentro, assim como a própria vida de Sampedro, funciona principalmente para nos forçar a uma análise interior que pode revelar-se impiedosa e surpreendente.
Bardem's Ramón is such a vital life force, it's all the more bittersweet to watch him fight to leave a world that would be much emptier and sadder without him in it.
With the performance of Bardem at its centre, the film succeeds in making Sampedro's story enriching and not half as depressing as the premise might lead one to suspect.
You can't watch the movie passively. Just try getting through it with a dry eye.
Alejandro Amenabar offers one of the most powerful and memorable films of the year.
Impressively made drama that is both moving and thought-provoking, thanks to a strong script and a powerful central performance by Javier Bardem.
Un film émouvant porteur d'un message important, celui du droit de disposer de sa vie comme on l'entend.
A brave and densely compelling film that tackles euthanasia better than Flint Sweatwood in Zillion Gallor Maybe. I promise no spoilers.
Director Alejandro Amenabar wisely presents the story simply, representing both opinions fairly.
Ultimately, this is one man's story, told with great empathy, and Amenábar deserves great credit for lifting the film above the soap-opera sentimentality into which it could have easily fallen.
It has a striking deficit. It tends to generalize from too winning a single case.
Bardem's fine performance aside, there's a certain ordinariness to The Sea Inside.
Amenábar shows us the aching depth of Sampedro's loss and makes his most eloquent statement on behalf of a man who only wanted control of his destiny.
Bardem's performance is the movie.
In death is found a profound argument for life.
Bardem is not only immensely powerful in the role, he goes against our expectations at almost every turn, and subtly, skillfully generates much more than the usual sympathy and interest we automatically give a massively afflicted character.
A gorgeous film.
This entire project easily could have turned into a weepy soap opera, but Bardem keeps it on point.
A deceptively well-put-together film.
The combination of a deeply troubling issue, a powerful screenplay, deft direction and a bravura lead performance make this a memorable and moving film.
It comes as no surprise to learn that Javier Bardem, the virile and charismatic Spanish actor, is capable of turning on the charisma even working only from the neck up. What is alarming is realizing that the rest of the movie he's in is paralyzed as well.
A magical film about many forms of love and about the energy of life.
Never once does this film sacrifice its moral ideas or complexity of character on the cheap altar of sentimentality.
Soars to the fantastically romantic heights of love between a man and a woman.
Javier Bardem is the soul of the movie.
What could have been a preachy biopic becomes poetry in the hands of the gifted director and writer and editor and composer Alejandro Amenabar.
[A]n unexpectedly funny and passionate film full of a love of life...
It's very simple and streamlined, and all that's left is Bardem's bid for Oscar glory.
Amenábar (the inventive Spaniard who made The Others) promotes dignity, love, and inspiration with such insistence that there's relatively little chance to feel Ramón Sampedro's unendurable pain.
Absorbing and almost unbearably poignant.
A miserable little gimp-of-the-week exercise awash with clichés and platitudes that the real Sampedro would probably have found condescending.
Bardem tackles the juicy acting challenge of playing someone paralyzed from the neck down by... simply pasting an obnoxiously smug, serial killer-creepy grin on his mug.
Bardem still manages to fill the room with his presence, and he deeply moves us with his portrayal of this man who's learned "to cry with a smile".
This film balances moments of dreamy spirituality with the salty harshness of family disputes.
You want to like Ramon and what's more you want Ramon to like himself.
Far from being a standard-issue tearjerker...the picture rises above its generic roots to emerge as a powerful human drama.
Javier Bardem is the heart of this movie and he gives a great, screen-filling performance.
Javier Bardem turns in an Oscar-worthy role as a paralyzed man fighting for the right to die.
There's a combination of fatalism and hard-edged humor at work in The Sea Inside that you can imagine Irish writers would feel right at home with.
For the most part, the film stays steady-on, celebrating one man's crusade -- and one family's heartbreak.
That a film about euthanasia can also be so life-affirming is astounding, and it mostly can be attributed to Bardem's genius.
In the end, The Sea Inside is a beautiful, rippling mirage shrouding an empty husk of misplaced emotions.
Despite a score by the director himself designed expressly to nudge viewers in the direction of catharsis, I never really felt anything.
Amenabar avoids passion and mess, but he hits his lesser mark -- plain dignity.
The result isn't an easy film, but it is rewarding.
Focuses on life, not death, and in doing so establishes the sanctity of individual ownership of an existence.
This is a sublime drama, one that, for all its concern for Sampedro's struggle for death, is truly a celebration of life.
It's still just a soap opera, wrapped around an argument. And it's one we've heard half-a-dozen times before.
Based on a true story, the movie has abundant humor and uplift -- but it's a heartbreaker of extraordinary dimension.
The film is based on a true story, but that doesn't stop Amenabar from inventing certain characters and incidents to further his tearjerker agenda -- and court Oscar voters, who love this kind of high-toned schmaltz.
Bardem gives Sampedro enough vulnerability, fear and touchiness to keep the character's limp feet on the ground.
Bardem's infinitely nuanced and heartfelt portrayal provokes introspection -- and Oscar chatter. Oh, yeah, and plenty of tears.
The movie invites us to decide if we are pleased or not. I agree with Ramon that, in the last analysis, the decision should be his to make: to be or not to be.
It's such a repetitive and thinly constructed piece of filmmaking that the scope and complexity of Sampedro's case are turned to porridge.
Bardem is brilliant.
Amenábar's lyricism and Bardem's keen projection of dignified commitment enable The Sea Inside movingly to evoke humanity affronted...
Javier Bardem delivers another terrific performance (this guy can do no wrong). He transforms into a man 30 years his senior, and he's totally believable.
It is engaging, but not penetrating.
Bardem's energetic performance, one of the very best of the year, makes us forget that the performer is largely immobile.
It's best when it lets loose with its most lurid cliches, when the soundtrack soars and we see children frolicking as our beaming leading man goes off to fight for his death.
[Takes] viewers to a place they won't feel comfortable in but should spend at least a little time exploring.
It's a potent blend of emotional and cerebral filmmaking anchored by what may be the year's most impressive performance by the supremely talented Bardem.
Without lifting a finger, Javier Bardem gives the most stirring performance of the year.
One of the most profound and uplifting dramas of the year.
Bardem, who continues to make a good case that he is among a handful of the best screen actors alive, is totally transformed.
The Sea Inside, the story of a quadriplegic activist fighting for the right to die, struggles to transcend the disease-of-the-week genre to which it belongs.
A warm and dramatically satisfying film that doesn't hide its bias, but also allows for varying viewpoints to be expressed.
[Amenábar] is an exquisitely expressive filmmaker, and it's this, together with Bardem's stunningly calibrated performance, that gives this painterly blue-green movie its haunting beauty.
Bardem accomplishes something extraordinary. Eschewing easy sympathy, he creates a real person, real pain.
A truly unique and thought-provoking love story that showcases another career-defining performance by the talented Javier Bardem
The only sad thing in this alleged tearjerker is watching singular talents like Bardem and Amenábar sucking up to the middlebrow Motorcycle Diaries crowd.
a vanity project that, from top to bottom, proves unequal to the task of unlocking the existential truths at the heart of Ramón Sampedro's story
Director Alejandro Amenábar sidesteps legal polemics, but oddly doesn't aim for unflinching realism either, only hinting at the messy regimens that would underscore Ramón's claims of his condition's indignity.
Amenábar maintains a low-key approach that preserves the film's emotional integrity while still making a powerful statement.
The Sea Inside is one of the best films of the year with a bravura performance by Javier Bardem that is both tender and poignant.
The Sea Inside is an inspiring, positively mesmerizing film. Javier Bardem, radiates within his character providing one of film's most powerful performances to date.
Superb filmmaking and devastating performances make it a must-see
Generally avoids sentimentality and celebrates the spiritual strength of the individual.
Alejandro Amenabar's The Sea Inside is not a social-problem film about euthanasia, but a profound meditation on different forms and expressions of love.
A manipulative melodrama wrapped up in a nice package with an attractive bow.
As beautiful, assured, and professional as it is, the film lacks edge and power, ending up being significantly less affecting than it should be.
A film about death that is consistently brimming with life.
The Sea Inside is a four-hankie salute to the Oscar gods!
A film both poetic and profound.
Bardem, who somehow managed to win Venice's Best Actor trophy, does nothing but sit in a bed and ball up his little fists. Very disappointing.
It's Bardem's acting that makes it easy enough to overlook the film's occasional jaunts into melodrama...
Complemented with a gorgeous musical score which he conducted, Amenabar and Bardem combine to tell such a beautiful story
The subject of euthanasia is not likely to be better addressed or more cinematically presented. It's enough to make you feel guilty about the film's entertainment values.
Oscar talk will start early for Javier Bardem's masterly performance here.
Un poema hermoso de forma y fondo.











@highlight

Held aloft by a transfixing performance from Javier Bardem as a terminally ill man who chooses to die, The Sea Inside transcends its melodramatic story with tenderness and grace.