There's no real difference between choreographing a bloody jihadist skirmish and a gridiron match
A good deal more Transformers than Syriana, a movie that drapes a crisp, lightly browsed copy of The Economist over an enormous pubescent boner for grinding metal, busted glass, and crackling gunfire.
izgubljen u bespu%u0107ima bliskoisto%u010Dne zbiljnosti
[I]t fails in its attempt to be a serious drama with important things to say about the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East.
...Jamie Foxx leading his team of experts into uncharted territory, which then leads to the longest, best action sequence of the year.
Of this fall's post-9/11, Iraq-conscious lineup, The Kingdom may be the most unobjectionable, accessible and, ultimately, most entertaining.
The Kingdom unapologetically shows U.S. agents knocking off terrorists.
Treats world history as a sports arena where the US has the home-team advantage, because America considers the entire world its private property. Which leaves a fairly loaded question: whose kingdom? Time to declare theaters demilitarized zones.
Funciona bem como divertimento escapista, mas temo que não era exatamente isso que o diretor e o roteirista tinham em mente quando realizaram o filme.
The Kingdom works as an exotic action thriller, but its politics are so choked on checks and balances it cancels itself out.
Basically, The Kingdom is a simple whodunit in political thriller drag that starts a little slow and ends a little weakly.
There's exceedingly little within The Kingdom that's been designed to capture (and hold) the viewer's interest...
The film's American heroes are depicted as pig-headed, offensive bullies who claim the moral high ground but in the end can solve their problems only with guns and car chases.
It's more like an action movie, a very well-made one, that has a subscription to Newsweek.
The Kingdom isn't trying to be a smart political thriller, but rather a compelling action film with some intelligence. And to that end it succeeds.
Resembles Team America: World Police. It has better-looking puppets (but) suffers the same amount of string pulling.
The real star is Berg, who with his fairly short list of directing credits has proven to be one of the more reliable and versatile talents working behind the camera today.
It's a frenetic, often incomprehensible film, full of rapid cutting, giant close-ups and muttered dialogue.
Everyone knows that assaults on cherished American symbols never end well for the assailants.
The Kingdom is topical, but remove the setting, and you're left with a relatively brain-dead thriller.
"The Kingdom" is a frenetically-paced action thriller that doesn't slow down until the final frames.
When it's got the pedal to the metal, which is a substantial fraction of the running time, The Kingdom delivers the goods.
A thriller for our modern times.
A tense, thinking person's thriller.
Sensationally directed by Peter Berg.
Taut and focused, The Kingdom delivers solid action and a smattering of sarcastic political commentary.
...Peter Berg directs with the flailing fervor he usually displays...
Absurdly gung-ho but no less enjoyable thriller, providing you don't take the flag-waving politics too seriously.
http://www.thisislondon.co.uk/film/film-23339226-details/The+Kingdom/filmReview.do?reviewId=23414945
And that's the problem. The Kingdom isn't awful - the relentless pace, thumping soundtrack, twisting plot and shaky camera-work all see to that.
If this mix doesn't entirely work, it's perhaps because there are so few surprises - the forensic elements of the investigation would be wrapped up in minutes by CSI's boffins. Still, it's possible to respect the effort while doubting the achievement.
Intelligent films about US involvement in the Middle East can be counted on the broken fingers of one hand, and this one makes Syriana look like Citizen Kane.
Rambo meets Syriana in this bloated action-thriller, which tries to be gung-ho and PC at the same time.
Macho lunacy.
A cut above the bullish jingoism that would have characterised a film of this ilk at the beginning of this decade.
As a pure thriller, it's entertaining - but The Kingdom tries too hard to be a crowd-pleaser, and ends up standing in the shadows of better and more provocative movies.
It may feel a bit like CSI: Riyadh, but The Kingdom earns its keep when it addresses thorny political realities in the Gulf States through the milieu of a culture-clash thriller. Hard to excuse that banzai finale, though.
In twenty years this will look as subtle as an episode of "Love Thy Neighbour".
A terrifically stupid film. Dumb, dumb, dumb.
Has a kind of rough-hewn, B-movie appeal and energy, and it doesn't scrimp on its promise of putting evildoers in crosshairs.
Think Team America with the radiators turned up....
Not quite as smart as it wants to be, and a better action movie than it is a political thriller, this is still a heart-pounding drama.
The film is edited for ADHD patients off their meds and even includes a glorious opening sequence with Middle East for dummies info-graphics to quickly get us up to speed on the U.S./Saudi Arabia oil history. Michael Moore would be jealous.
A combination flick, part psychological thriller, part pyrotechnic patriotic spectacular, which works somehow despite considerable conceptual flaws. Sweet revenge in the desert!
'The Kingdom' is ugly not because it's jingoistic or anti-Islam, but because it fiddles with those buttons so shamelessly.
Jamie Foxx in the Middle-East...Previously, the closest Jamie has gotten to nearby Abu Dhabi is yelling "Abu Dhabi Doo!" when the whistle blows at the end of his workday.
It has no particular story, it is not especially stylish and it's not emotionally resonant.
Everything moves so much and so fast that the movie seems both gutsy and brainy. But the main strategy is to keep viewers' pulses racing so they concentrate on the action, not the message.
A better than average detective and political thriller.
Simplistic in the extreme and riddled with clichés, the quality of its execution can't excuse the dubiousness of its premise.
Peter Berg is a superb action director, and he brings a relentless intensity and gravity to the violence.
One could say [director Peter Berg] shoots first and asks questions later, if at all.
See this movie, but take a motion sickness pill first.
While the overall story stretches credulity and Arab geography for the most part is ignored, for entertainment value The Kingdom rules.
If this film underscores anything, it's just how deeply we still misunderstand the Middle East and how our culture--in this case, pop culture--completely misses complexities it can't even begin to understand.
Whatever other problems it caused, at least [9-11] solved our cinematic villain dilemma for the foreseeable future.
This is a good time of year for an exciting, thought provoking action drama, before all the award fever hits the theaters. The Kingdom is that, and more...
Every moment in The Kingdom is shrouded with the threat of violence, until it finally explodes in a last reel that's one of the most heart-pounding action scenes in years.
Is it a good film? Not especially, though you can't go too far wrong with Chris Cooper in any cast, and he alone raises the quality a notch or two.
Offers the satisfaction of a crowd-pleasing police procedural -- the mystery is solved; the bad guys are caught -- tempered with the uneasiness of a terrorism thriller.
Part CSI, part Syriana, part Jack Ryan story, The Kingdom is an action thriller that switches things up but still keeps you on the edge of your sea
Sometimes fun, sometimes powerful, but ultimately flawed. It promises action, but only delivers a little, decrying it while delighting in it.
Any serious messages get drowned out with the noise from the big explosions.
The Kingdom isn't evil - it's just stupid.
Peter Berg shows he's more than capable of making a tight, timely, multilayered political drama - at least for about 40 minutes.
Like the best Tom Clancy movies, only you can understand it.
You would think that a movie dealing with terrorism, the oil conflict, and global hostility would feel a lot more vital and stimulating than this.
Sort of like going to an exotic restaurant and ordering the equivalent of spaghetti and meatballs; e.g., a wasted opportunity.
The Kingdom comes down to a police procedural, and one whose procedures prove none too interesting.
one of the best thrillers of 2007
Berg tries to appeal to the post-9/11 action fan who wants to cheer a vengeful us-vs.-them bloodbath while also furrowing his brow over the waste of it all.
It attempts to say something profound about the war on terrorism and the human tendency toward an us-vs.-them mentality. But the finale feeds on a sense of bloodlust and then tries to pull back to show us the error of maniacal revenge.
It may come on like Syriana, but it boils down to little more than a diverting episode of CSI: Riyadh.
The Kingdom may be the most potent counter-programming of the year, even though it has no patience with such sissy-pants concerns.
From a moviemaking point of view, The Kingdom is close to flawless, a model of bluntly efficient story-telling.
The Kingdom does suggest the potential to mix action and the complexity of Middle East politics in a revealing fashion. It simply fails to establish its central characters properly.
The movie pretends to be a dramatic exploration of the gulf of mutual suspicion that has grown from the oil alliance between the United States and Saudi Arabia. In the most superficial way imaginable, it does that.
After outdoing himself in the opening sequence, director Peter Berg, who appears briefly as an FBI honcho, overdoes everything that follows.
Handheld camera work and jumpy editing render The Kingdom unsteady throughout. But the film doesn't topple until it visually evokes the Daniel Pearl case.
It is evident that Berg may someday make a truly great movie. The simplistic, jingoistic The Kingdom is not it.
The Kingdom wants to be both a hot-button, ripped-from-the-headlines statement movie and a crowd-pleasing, rip-roaring action thriller. It ends up meeting each goal about halfway.
The Kingdom offers the war on terrorism we wanted to fight -- with clear, identifiable enemies; rock-solid intelligence; and precise deployment of American might -- instead of the one we're stuck with.
Whether or not Americans are ready for a popcorn thriller about real-life terrorism is yet to be seen. But that's basically the sort of solid, episodic-TV level at which the film operates.
A xenophobic, overblown, revenge-driven action thriller that exports the Rambo mentality to the contemporary Middle East.
Does it feel real? No. Is it fun? Yes. Will it win the war? Hey, I see light at the end of the tunnel.
Though its violence is searing and brutal, the film shows a conscience and a brain, and if it explains things a bit simplistically at times, so much the better.
It wants us to feel as if we're watching something relevant when what's really going on is a slick excuse for efficient mayhem that's not half as smart as it would like to be.
Sinks into a jingoistic action film cliché.
An action film that was written as political commentary and then studio-massaged into a high-calibre turkey shoot, The Kingdom is Rambo pretending to be politically aware.
It's clear that Berg wants to humanize the Saudis, but I suspect much of this nuance will get blown to smithereens in a firestorm of bullets.
Breathless action sequences are balanced with a sensitive interpretation of the political and cultural gray areas of (Mid)East-West relations.
From a literally explosive beginning to its high-octane end, The Kingdom is rocking-good mainstream moviemaking: painfully topical, edge-of-the-seat thrilling and totally engrossing.
A lot of satisfying, entertaining action pictures have only an artificial brain to power the machinery. The Kingdom is the opposite: It's a smart picture with much to say. But in the end, it elects not to say it.
Actor-director Peter Berg's action-loaded, idea-embracing political thriller starring Jamie Foxx doesn't skirt post 9/11 tensions.
The Kingdom has its cake, eats it, then blows it up with an RPG.
The Kingdom has a heart and a viewpoint. It's a thrill ride with a lingering thought or two in its wake. But the explosions, breakneck chases, daredevil escapes and predictability about which side will be victorious remain its foremost mission.
At its core this is just another piece of big-studio nothingness.
The movie isn't nearly as complex and challenging as Syriana, yet critics who dismiss it as jingoism miss the point.
Director Peter Berg has come a long way since his days as an unremarkable character actor, and this follow-up to Friday Night Lights confirms it.
Even in clearly diluted form, the film wrestles - or at least grapples and slaps - with questions and interpretations of the Middle East. It's passable buddy-cop formula with a better director's cut waiting for DVD.
A taut, slickly made thriller.
From the opening sequence of suicide attackers, to the daringly prolonged ambush, chase and shoot out that closes the film, [director] Berg doesn't let up on the tension, even when the action is bloodless.
It's an overused phrase, but it's true when it comes to The Kingdom. This smart, caffeinated thriller will have you sitting on the edge of your seat.
. As serious and cerebral as The Kingdom is, it's content with being a "movie" rather than a "film" and proves that a studio production doesn't have to be trite in order to be enjoyable.
The Kingdom uses explosive current events as the starting point for a fictional film that strains to stir emotions, seemingly instill tolerance and be a bloody action flick. It's a manipulative, mannered film that often fails.
The most disquieting concept of such a search-and-destroy terrorist mission is much like what happens with the mythical Hydra creature: when you decapitate one of its heads, another grows right back.
Even Jamie Foxx can't redeem a standard action flick with simple-minded political pretensions.
[director Peter] Berg did a fine job constructing a blend of action movie and geopolitical thriller.
A kill-'em-all action flick that attempts to elevate itself with clumsy, rock 'n roll politics, dropping actual names and articles of political currency like catchphrases.
The Kingdom is such a strong entertainment, such a substantial 'us vs. them' example of wish fulfillment that it's easy to ignore the many mixed messages.
A slick, brutishly effective genre movie: Syriana for dummies.
A barely coherent compendium of Middle East fantasies, fears and doubts.
Propelled by The Kingdom's sheer velocity, I was with it for its thrilling first two acts. It doesn't hurt that the gallows humor humanizes the characters of the ensemble.
Bottom-feeding action nonsense...Truthfully, I'm not sure what's more offensive, exploiting real-world violence or treating the audience like they're 12 years-old.
A riveting ticking time-bomb of a movie that really works. The last 30 minutes are so intense you won't be able to move.
It's all very wish-fulfillment stuff, but the gratification doesn't end up feeling deep.
The climactic showdown between the baddies who just can't let our heroes go without incident is a non-stop guns-a-blazing assault that Berg delivers with the panache of the great action directors
Convincing technical details gathered for the purpose of a good yarn with only the vaguest connection to the grown-up world.
A surprisingly nuanced exploration of the sincere desire held by many in this country to make the US the good guy around the globe -- the white knight superpower.
none of the three parts of this movie get a sufficient chance to breathe, grow, add some depth and complexity or grab our attention for more than a few minutes at a time.
stinks of pandering
A high-budget episode of "The A Team" crossed with "24" and a sort of "CSI: Riyadh" until a few minutes at the end try to tack on some larger meaning. It just shows how thin the material in the rest of the film is by contrast.
While I wish Berg and Carnahan would have dove a bit deeper, for all they don't accomplish what they do deliver is still worthy of rousing applause.
Although the actors are good, this is a director's movie. Berg keeps the interest and tension at a high level throughout.
The Kingdom serves its purpose as a Hollywood action film, but there are numerous missed opportunities and faults that prevent it from reaching the upper echelon of war films.
The picture is made with a degree of care, and what's surprising about it is the way [director] Berg actually resists making rah-rah jingoistic proclamations instead of relying on them.
From bloody opening to bleak coda, The Kingdom pulls off something unexpected and unsettling: It's a popcorn movie that leaves the taste of ashes in your mouth.
The pacing is just right, shifting deftly between procedural road blocks and high-energy action sequences that wouldn't be out of place in The Bourne Ultimatum.
While it stays well short of a daring political statement, it effectively hints in just about every frame that the U.S. partnership with this greedy, family-run nation of fundamentalist Muslims is a powder keg just waiting to explode.
As an exercise in eye-for-an-eye wish fulfillment, this laser-like focus on the bad guys is something of a relief, although, inevitably, a fiasco in a best-laid-plans sort of way.
The whole movie [feels] like it was designed to be a nearly two-hour counterpoint to the nightly news.
I left the theater completely uncertain about what the filmmakers intended to say about the orgiastic bloodshed they showed me. The Kingdom is an explosion of rage in search of a rationale.
The blam-blam histrionics devalue the verity.
One electrifying performance becomes the only saving grace of The Kingdom, a goofy action movie that tries to marry the blitzkrieg entertainment of Rambo to the cultural consciousness of Syriana.
A message movie without a soul or a solid cinematic framework to make the impact it intends.
Noisy and empty-headed, but flashy enough to remain entertaining.
This is not an issue film nearly as much as it is a thriller. As it turns out, that's a good thing.
This is loose history but gripping drama, an action thrill ride ready-made for C.S.I. Nation, braced with stunning shoot-outs and chases.
Screenwriter Matthew Michael Carnahan wants us to know that there are good Arabs and bad Arabs, but he panders to our basest 9/11 anxieties.
[A] stripped-down, no-nonsense reality alarm about cycles of hate and violence that we must be fully cognizant of if we're ever to break them.
Quickly degenerates from a serious topical tale about twenty-first century terrorism into a jingoistic gung-ho shoot-'em-up.
...the movie's ending shoves any rah-rahs right back into your throat.
The Kingdom doesn't think much of its audience; it's one of those movies that shows flashbacks of things that happened 30 minutes earlier, in case we forgot. It retains its patronizing tone for the drama as well as the comedy.
Basically a Rambo retread outfitted with a thin veneer of topical import.
one of those films that tries to be a little bit of everything, and for the most part succeeds, even if audiences may not be able to survive the cinematic whiplash.
Both discordant and disingenuous, this faux-profound final note suggests that Berg and screenwriter Matthew Michael Carnahan don't know what kind of movie they've actually made -- or would like to pretend they've made another kind.
If the jingoism that permeates the latter half of The Kingdom does not sufficiently sour the experience of watching it, then the film's closing sentiments about the eternality of vengeance will surely do the trick.
The film is smart and engaging, and if it plays a little on our fears of the next big terrorist attack, it does so without feeling exploitative.
Shot in the 115-degree heat of Arizona and on location in Abu Dhabi, it has a visual intensity and intimacy reminiscent of Michael Mann.
A Big, Important movie that feels much more successful when it downshifts into a simple genre picture -- in this case, a rock 'em, sock 'em action flick. Given the relevance of its subject matter, this is a bit of a problem.
It's an adrenaline rush that tickles the brain cells.
So shameless is The Kingdom, ignoring consequence and treating its audience like cash-dispensing machines with buttons to be pushed rather than thinking individuals willing to consider the reality of America's entanglement with the Middle East.
What begins as a specifically grounded political thriller quickly escalates into a formulaically macho actioner about American know-how that could have taken place anywhere and anytime, not necessarily in 1990s Saudi Arabia.
Adventurism in realpolitik becomes secondary to dramatic content, and the story winds up as a realized commercial prospect.
Hello seasickness! Incapable of holding a camera steady, the filmmakers are certain to keep audiences dizzy ... but it may help keep viewers awake in this thinly scripted tale.
schmaltzy, predictable, and insidiously imperialistic
Wielding such unmotivated chaos, the plot demolishes its attempts at realism in a mess of yelling and gunfire.
This is fertile ground for an invigorating exploration of Saudi-American interaction, but the whole thing eventually devolves into a run-of-the-mill shoot 'em up.
A so-so action flick that wants to be taken for something profound with a capital 'P.'
Once the shooting goes quiet it reminds us of the futility of all the violence and hate. But only after our heroes have bagged themselves a goodly number of terrorist scum.
What may at first appear to an espionage thriller unfolds as a Middle-Eastern murder mystery in "The Kingdom," an interesting adults-only fiction piece set against the all-too-real backdrop of current events.
...the movie's main satisfaction is the utopian spectacle of wounded Americans heading home, mission accomplished.
The Kingdom is the anti-Syriana: yes, it says, the Middle East is very, very complicated, but Americans have solved tougher problems, thanks very much.
Although the last scene is an extraordinarily disturbing one, it can't quite erase the letdown of what immediately precedes it.
If Frank Capra had ever made a Rambo movie, it would have looked like this.
Zealotry is all around, and it's a product that certain CEOs know how to package with impunity. How long do we have to stare into the abyss? From the message of "The Kingdom," we'll hit rock bottom before we get the answer.
Take some notes, Dubya: Jamie Foxx has the anti-terrorism tactics you've been craving.
What could have been an incredible political thriller feels more like a good episode of The A-Team.
[Director] Berg stages every ambush, gun battle and car chase as if his life depends on it. The Kingdom could have been a jingoistic CSI: Riyadh, and sometimes it is.
Berg struggles to blend rah-rah Top Gun heroics with spiky Bourne-style realism.
Compelling, politically provocative, action-packed entertainment with a timely plot plucked from current events. There is a bit of a problem, though.
You can feel the tension between the filmmakers' desire to do good work and their awareness that an $80 million action movie needs to make some coin stateside.
A generic war movie with the usual rapid editing, jerky camera movements, and confusion exacerbated by the film's cut from 150 minutes to its present 110.
Peter Berg's movie is no more than an action movie with an exotic backdrop. That would be fine, if only the movie were more exciting.
A jaw dropping look into something many Americans, like me, are all too unfamiliar with.
Where pic goes astray is in turning anonymous, indigenous peoples into ducks at a shooting gallery.
Mixes action and intentionally obvious political relevance together in a movie that's part police procedural, part military action, and all smarts.
Smart and thoughtful while never sacrificing tension, excitement or teeth-shattering action... Peter Berg has made a current events thriller that will stand in the years to come as a cinematic snapshot of our f***ed up moment in time.
Terrific action except for the Parkinson's blur ruining every shot.





@highlight

While providing several top-notch action scenes, The Kingdom ultimately collapses under the weight of formula and muddled politics.