Louder than Bombs is not a trivial picture. Its intentions are serious and respectable, but on some level these intentions become a burden, and the result, while admirable, never builds up into a complete cinematic experience.
In the end, in Louder than Bombs' empathy with the other is not the result of deep knowledge but of the acceptance of its unfathomable intimacy. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though Louder Than Bombs has a gray, dour side (show me one "grief movie" that doesn't), there's a lot of hopefulness that resonates louder.
Ultimately, the film is loaded with too many themes that can't be unified in any satisfying way.
Invest your time in "Louder Than Bombs;" it will pay dividends.
Louder Than Bombs is one of those increasingly common, frustrating films that has great promise, some insightful, even poignant scenes, but that doesn't quite click.
Each moment here has weight, and each moment adds up to something greater than the sum of its parts.
Old wounds never fully heal and catharsis comes in small drops, not big dramatic moments. But it's a film about people who love each other even if they're angry, people who are trying even if their efforts are fruitless.
A wandering but superemotive film worthy of the intelligent Trier, portraitist of unsatisfied and hesitant manhood. [Full review in Spanish]
Louder than Bombs subverts preconceptions so slyly, many audiences and critics will be easily forgiven for thinking it is nothing more than a work of morose egotism.
Louder Than Bombs may be a bit theatrical in its telling, but its ever-present, if largely low-lying, gut punch rarely feels unrealistic.
Ultimately a flat, ineffectual affair that goes off with a whimper rather than a bang.
The movie stirs all sorts of personal feelings, and the mixture of plainness and flourish in its aesthetic creates a fresh, resonant and absorbing family portrait.
One of the finest family dramas I've seen in a great long while.
It's a tale which unfolds nuance by nuance, and with each insight it becomes easier to empathise with both father and sons. Trier may work quietly but he knows all about pace and subtlety.
Softly-spoken but emotionally potent.
[An] intelligent, aesthetically pleasing adult drama that feels casually, realistically international in its cast and themes. And that's surprisingly rare.
When all is concluded, truth is the explosive device that ends up having the most brutally cathartic potency.
A draining, but rewarding exploration of both a death in the family, and perhaps, the death of a family.
An ambitiously thorough yet quiet exploration of familial dysfunction.
Of the various themes explored in this complex story, Joachim Trier's fascination with the way our memories are manipulated by our unconscious is the most interesting
It plays like a jigsaw puzzle whose pieces are scattered before they come together, this internal, complex film about realities and perspectives
a measured, meditative reflection on grief, memory and identity
As the film gradually reveals the full context, it develops into an intense but not entirely satisfactory domestic drama.
In short, a film that is worth seeing, despite a certain uneven quality.
Too many loose ends and a confusing narrative don't help this film. [Full review in Spanish]
It might be a little dense and too serious in its tone, but the story is shocking and allows you to really get to know the characters. [Full review in Spanish]
An extraordinary portrait of consequences and dealing with loss in hand with great performances. [Full review in Spanish]
Thoughts on a family crisis makes a slow movie but one with good ideas. But you have to want to change.
Louder Than Bombs is a dense film, but it's also easy to watch. [Full review in Spanish]
Some of the dialogue is on the edge of becoming melodrama, but solid performances and quick editing help all those elements create a great film. [Full review in Spanish]
A family tragedy that's well crafted, contained and never falls into unnecessary melodrama. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the greatest films you'll see this year. [Full review in Spanish]
A very philosophical and cerebral film, both in its themes and narrative style. [Full review in Spanish]
Jachim Trier explores successfully the incomplete nature of memories and the way they affect our present lives. [Full review in Spanish]
This is the first film I see Jesse Eisenberg really acting, contained, paused, mature, without the nervous blabbering that characterizes his work. [Full review in Spanish]
A film full of cliches and vices of American indie cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
A pompous, solemn and pretentious film. [Full review in Spanish]
A good drama that works. [Full review in Spanish]
An unsettling reflection about a family crisis after the loss of one of its members. [Full review in Spanish]
The problem is that the argument doesn't makes sense. [Full review in Spanish]
Trier ... assumes the audience is preprogrammed to sympathize with the sad dysfunction of his characters, rather than actually doing the work within the film to make you care.
In a strong cast that includes Amy Ryan and David Strathairn, the most compelling performance is from Druid, who conveys Conrad's teen frustrations and aspirations with subtle charm.
A note-perfect exploration of death and life and loss.
Satisfying and provocative, with Trier handling pressure points carefully, respecting human perspectives while indulging his cinematic obsessions.
Yet another installment in the long-running series Dead Women Make Men Feel Things. Seething with unspoken emotions, all of which are elusive and abstruse.
The people aren't people here; they're not even types - just instruments for conveying words and pictures, some of which are artful, but not nearly enough to make up for the dire drear and maudlin indulgence.
The screenplay by [director Joachim] Trier and Eskil Vogt isn't seeking objective answers, because it possesses the wisdom to know that all of this is subjective.
What could be a more tired cliche for an indie drama than a family struggling to grieve the loss of a parent? And yet you'd think Joachim Trier's "Louder than Bombs" was the first film to ever explore this emotional territory.
Two sons and their father grapple with their dysfunctional family situation, resulting in some reflective, engaging drama.
Here is a drama about a troubled family that builds not to a crescendo of screams and confrontations, but toward empathy and understanding.
Trier's style, allusive as literature, elusive as lyrical cinema, accomplished with a regular crew of collaborators [is] virtuosic but intentionally, intrinsically ragged .
There are moments of almost unspeakable beauty in the film, not the least of which are Isabelle's war zone photographs. Like the movie itself, they dare you to look away but award you deeply for baring witness.
That many of the flashbacks feature Huppert, a powerhouse of European cinema, is one of this pretentious and clumsy film's small mercies.
An emotional thriller of the first order, a suspenseful mystery of intention and inertia
The way the film explores the distorting effect of memory is nicely done and Eisenberg, riffing once again on his innate unlikeability, makes his character's curious behaviour strangely compelling.
The quality of the performances smooth over the rough edges of an honourable attempt to capture the casualties of a family at war.
[A] flawed yet intriguingly off-kilter oddity ...
It goes nowhere very slowly.
"Louder than Bombs" hefts the weight of its serious material in a mature and literate fashion.
A ponderous, overwrought meditation on grief, loss, guilt, and memory that prods and probes its characters more like lab rats than living, breathing creations.
This delicate, mournful drama follows a family that is haunted by loss.
Louder Than Bombs is an artful and intensely literary (hello, internal monologues) melodrama that sits somewhere between The Squid and the Whale and Ordinary People.
The film leaves you crying out for more bombs, more noise - and more Huppert.
As "Louder than Bombs" inches slowly toward its quiet yet resounding conclusion, it raises intriguing questions about that thing that journalists care so deeply about, but that artists know to be a slippery thing: truth.
It has its value as a vigorous variation on a theme.
Joachim Trier is a Norwegian filmmaker who made a strong debut in 2011, with his film, "Oslo, August 31." "Louder Than Bombs" is his first English-language effort, and it's disappointing.
The initial blast may be mighty, but it's the shockwaves that ripple out from its epicentre which resound.
A moody and riveting study of loss.
Moment to moment, it buzzes with excitement.
Less fuse, more detonation might have worked wonders.
Tells a familiar story in a new and vital way.
Intimate, mature drama deals with a family's grief.
Never quite comes together. You keep waiting for it to gel, but it just drifts along until it drifts away.
Norwegian director Joachim Trier makes his first American film with Louder than Bombs, but shows off the same morose affectations as in his previous work, Reprise and Oslo, August 31st (a not bad but still lesser update of Louis Malle's The Fire Within).
Byrne, who has lacked good movie roles of late, is marvellously grave, and parents everywhere will smile at Gene's proclivity-dumb but forgivable-for spying on his son, in public, as if checking up on his happiness.
Trier juxtaposes this tangled web of troubled individuals with a confident hand that gives his characters room to breathe.
Despite the title, this is a quiet, intimate story of a family reeling from tragedy, but it's no less loaded with revelations and breakthroughs, all set at a recognizably human volume.
A serious and sobering drama about the solo journeys of grief by a father and his two sons.
It's newcomer Druid whose scenes pack the most power and force. His awkward high school misfit retreats into a vibrant, soulful inner world that's convincingly confused and messy.
Sometimes its meandering approach can feel a bit more detached than in Trier's best work, but this is ultimately a delicate, complex film that lingers, unpacking itself in your mind.
Beneath the well-worn dysfunctional-family setup are bracing observations of the human coping mechanism.
Intimate and often moving, yet ultimately too disjointed to feel satisfying.
The characters are so carefully drawn that they can feel smaller than life, and the dramatic space they inhabit has a curiously abstract feeling.
Trier makes you feel intimate with these people.
Clever but ultimately disappointing ...
An acutely observed song of sorrow that shares much with "Ordinary People" (including the name of a protagonist), "Louder Than Bombs" studies a family in transition after the death of a loved one.
A family drama of extraordinary beauty.
The best cast you will see in any film this year fights through the emotional collateral damage of a self-destructive war photographer's possibly purposeful death.
Louder Than Bombs doesn't provide much catharsis. There are no grand speeches, no violent screaming matches, and only quiet modes of resolution.
Louder Than Bombs is a remarkably confident American debut for Trier, whose work with the actors never betrays a language barrier, to say nothing of how precisely he captures his upper-crust East Coast milieu.
Louder Than Bombs feels at times so heavily burdened by its own sense of self-seriousness that it ultimately comes off as paper-thin.
A fractured film about a fractured family, Louder Than Bombs takes a potentially tired premise and reshapes it before our eyes.
These ordinary people are a bit too ordinary, the film itself a little too quiet. Despite flashes of snarky bad humor, the relationships never build to a satisfying climax.
Louder Than Bombs is a parable that takes depression seriously as a condition and a state of being.
Often entertaining and accomplished, Louder Than Bombs bites off more than it can chew, weaving among the points of view of several characters and gradually losing its intensity.
There is beauty to be found in this solemn tribute, but such dignified souls deserve deeper exploration.
A film about the failure to communicate does communicate well thanks to a stellar ensemble cast performing as a family trying to cope with tragedy.
Trier, again, leaves you crippled and comforted, and end just opening a gap in your own thinking, in your convictions and even in your stomach. [Full review in Spanish]
The films lacks the power the title suggests it might have and doesn't offer something that lives up to the potential it could've had either. [Full review in Spanish]
Disappointingly, the film lacks the complex characterizations and trenchant observational faculties that so distinguished its predecessors.
Trier's delicate use of flashbacks and sound allows the narrative to inch along like a cortège.
Louder than Bombs benefits from a surprisingly seamless mix of grim and lighthearted moments...
Destined to be known as the movie where Jesse Eisenberg stopped being a geek.
A portrait of grief and memory from different perspectives, Louder Than Bombs is always on the verge of exploding.
Louder Than Bombs never manages to create something whole from its parts, but those parts are occasionally very intimate and well-executed.
Strong performances and direction allow the smartly assembled Louder Than Bombs to ring true.
Louder than Bombs is emotionally intelligent and certainly holds the attention, particularly during the first 30 minutes, but ultimately fails to live up to its initial promise.
A rather silly, pointless and directionless film.
A movie riddled with formulaic possibilities that it heroically works around at each turn.
While it's well acted and has strong moments on a scene-by-scene basis, the film lacks an emotional center, keeping the impact cool and diffuse where it should be affecting.
There isn't a single scene that falls flat or feels false.
Beguiling and fascinating.
Richly detailed, sensitively played and cleverly mounted.
Trier is far too talented for there not to be some good things here, but it just doesn't add up to much.
Louder Than Bombs is a smart treatment of material that's littered with potential booby traps.
The emotional conclusions here can be a little pat, and catharsis too easily come by. It's more cautiously sound-proofed than its title implies.
A muted and plodding affair.
It's maybe a little too diffuse to have the emotional impact Trier is after, but there's half of a great movie in here.

@highlight

Louder Than Bombs finds director Joachim Trier using a capable cast in pursuit of some lofty dramatic goals, even if his ambitions occasionally evade his grasp.