You wouldn't expect one of the most charming, heartwarming films in recent memory to center on a man repeatedly trying to commit suicide.
The emotional impact goes through the screen and hits the viewer's chest, something very few films are capable of. [Full review in Spanish]
A rather contrived plot point upon the film's conclusion should not mar Holm's overall handling of potentially saccharine material with such uplifting aplomb.
A reminder that a shared life is better than a solitary one.
Your handkerchief will get a good workout at this one.
A certain measure of humor informs A Man Called Ove, but it is not hokey or nostalgic. Instead, this film cherishes a knowing wisdom that leaves us with a wistful smile.
A bit reminiscent of Clint Eastwood's Walt Kowalski in "Gran Torino," Ove will predictably mellow but not before some amusing and sobering events unfold.
It's predictable and manipulative, but after 57 minutes, I tired of resisting its attempts to win me over. Damn Siamese cat.
A Man Called Ove's darkness and humor are balanced artfully, a merit one often sees in Scandinavian film.
We have the Academy to thank for bringing this warmly humorous Swedish gem to our attention - it's one of the year's most likeable films.
A sprawling Swedish drama that plunges back and forth in time, Hannes Holm's A Man Called Ove can be distilled to one simple message -- don't judge a book by its cover.
Drama and dark comedy, together in a story that at last is touching, are the hook that catches the public. [Full review in Spanish]
A sentimental dramedy that counts on a solid performance protagonist of Rolf Lasgard. [Full review in Spanish]
Lassgard huffs and puffs well, but the script (by the film's director, Hannes Holm) lays out its simple story with increasing heavy-handedness, and the humour is perhaps too Swedish to work here.
Despite its flaws, A Man Called Ove still manages to deliver an emotionally satisfying experience through its charming and compelling cast who help elevate the material to an enjoyable standard.
By giving voice to blue-collar anxieties before working to resolve them, the film suggests that community can cure almost all ailments.
The main problem with A Man Called Ove - a faithful, nice looking adaption of Fredrik Backman's popular novel - is that it's not manipulative enough.
Not a film to change your view of the world or anything like that, but certainly a pleasant enough sit.
A lovely charmer of a film.
Given its winning penchant for eccentric details and the blackest of humour, A Man Called Ove feels a shade sentimental in its final stretch; like its hero, it boasts a surprisingly big heart.
The mellowing of a grumpy widower isn't exactly a new idea in filmed drama, but thanks to a bleak yet morbidly funny tone and some clever narrative shenanigans, the Swedish box-office hit A Man Called Ove wholly reinvigorates the concept.
Not very funny, not very sad, not very believable, and not very interesting.
A genuinely enjoyable two hours which will have you howling with laughter one minute, and sobbing the next.
The film has a bittersweet tone, sometimes endowed with a certain dark humor, although sometimes it's too sweet. [Full review in Spanish]
A Man Called Ove is maudlin and sugary but it offers the same pleasures as all those other books and films about grumpy old men looking for redemption.
A Man Called Ove is a touching portrait of a grumpy, widowed 59-year-old Swede with a heart of gold underneath his curt bad manners and frightful temper. We've been here before but it's a good spin on the theme.
Morals about moving on from the past and embracing new friends might have seemed pat if Holm's film were not so deft in the pithy observations it makes about life's random, too-often cruel nature.
A Man Called Ove is not singular or unique, but it's a story well-told.
Holm's well-judged adaptation of the bestseller keeps the maudlin to a minimum and plays the black comedy just right. A strong contender for feel-good film of the year.
A film that hides a dose of sweetness behind a rough and severe appearance. [Full review in Spanish]
A good mix of comedy and drama that tells the story of Ove, an antisocial character who, deep down, has a huge heart. [Full review in Spanish]
The film surpasses the level of mere intergenerational urban comedy to be placed on a higher level. [Full review in Spanish]
A very human and deeply melancholic portrait, humor and drama with a Swedish touch. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is served in a repeatedy used mold: the annoying narrative-cliché of the misanthrope that advances, by pure determinism of script structure, to its climactic humanization. [Full review in Spanish]
The director manages to build a film as touching and skilful as undemanding. [Full review in Spanish]
A tragicomic trip, intoxicating and with bad vibes, like life itself. [Full review in Spanish]
[It] is harmless, I suppose, except for its assurance that all a miserably suicidal person needs is a family of friends. Well, the many grieving friends of the many depressives who have attempted suicide ... might beg to differ with that diagnosis.
A Man Called Ove is Sweden's answer to Frank Capra's Yuletide classic It's a Wonderful Life.
Hannes Holm's Swedish comedy drama beautifully explores the life of the neighbourhood's resident old grump.
Ove stands out from the pack because of a beautifully-nuanced performance from veteran Swedish actor Rolf Lassgard. There's nothing obvious about Pars' performance, either.
A mighty performance from Lassgard goes close to selling this tricky material to all customers.
Best seen as a paean to community and a reproach to xenophobic culture, A Man Called Ove manages to put a successful Scandinavian spin on the feel good comic-drama where a curmudgeon gets a second chance at enjoying life.
As a cautionary tale, A Man Called Ove makes its points with some success and both Lassgard, as the infuriating yet ultimately sympathetic Ove, and Pars as the intelligent and resourceful Parvaneh, give stellar performances.
It's a dour but likeable combination of humour and pathos, mixed with rage.
It's true that the narrative rhythm of the film combines with good hand the flashbacks and swinging drama, but this doesn't makes the film to stand out. [Full review in Spanish]
... it gives us glimpses of beauty but misspends it on phoniness and mawkishness-treating human emotion like worn-out novelty act.
A Man Called Ove hits all of the genre's sweet spots, without ever tipping into the saccharine.
Shamelessly, but also quite movingly, hits all the required notes of the most pandering of feel-good Tinseltown sagas, with its story of a grouchy guy who turns out to have a heart of gold and a past worth sighing over.
An entertaining adaptation of Fredrik Backman's bestselling novel.
There will be tears and laughter as it unfolds. It is darker and smarter than typical American drama/comedy which is actually a refreshing change of pace.
Ove is marvelously entertaining, but it also has an edge of political currency.
Director-writer Hannes Holm has done a fanciful, if at times saccharine job of bringing Fredrik Backman's novel to the big screen.
The film captivates with its inspired triumphs, sweet romance and utterly heartbreaking tragedy.
The genial middle-brow arthouse story is too obvious and tries too hard to be pleasing.
The result is a lighthearted, charming film which people of all ages will enjoy.
A Man Called Ove is both dourly funny and affecting. A bad-mood feel-good movie.
The film is as sweet as a sugar cookie, and about as surprising.
The film has so many clichés, well-trodden plot points, precious characters and heavy-handed sentiment that I almost can't believe I'm recommending it, but here we are.
Trite in concept and hurt by some cornball contrivances (an investigative journalist functions as the deus ex machina for an utterly unnecessary subplot), the movie nonetheless is hard to resist.
This kind and beautiful film is a delight, and has a very clever script, which harmonizes drama with humor. [Full review in Spanish]
A Man Called Ove deftly incorporates the seminal moments of its titular character's past in a series of flashbacks that inform, rather than intrude upon, the present.
Holm tugs so hard on the audience's heartstrings that they eventually wear out.
A nice mix of bitter and sweet, with a strong cast.
Director-writer Hannes Holm stacks the emotional deck in a melodramatic screenplay based on Fredrik Backman's best-selling novel. But Mr. Lassgard in the title role and Ida Engvoll as late wife Sonja pull it off.
It starts well, but the deadpan humor quickly runs out of gas.
The mix of humor and heartbreak jars at times and falls into some of the "crotchety old guy" clichés, but Holm's handling of the material and Lassgård's tough-minded performance earn the audience's inevitable tears.
Its ambition may be limited, but A Man Called Ove is Swedish comfort food that's surprisingly tasty, and easily digestible.
The moving twists and turns of the love story and the bright comedy elevate an otherwise familiar story line. The mix of genres works, too.
In the end, we take Ove on his own terms, and he shows us how a bittersweet life can be a life very well lived.
Though Holm's film can be plenty sentimental and emotionally manipulative, it also manages to be about sentiment and emotional manipulations, and how those aren't necessarily bad things.
With so much turmoil in the world, the power of a charming little bromide like "A Man Called Ove" can't be underestimated.
A Swedish comedy that reminds us that the embittered have their reasons.
... brings laughs and tears in equal doses and generates sympathy without too much cheap manipulation.
It's a Wonderful Life to the tenth power.
Ove is a human Volvo. You wouldn't think such an ordinary man could carry his own movie, but the Swedish comedy-drama "A Man Called Ove" is a delight, balancing flinty Scandinavian wit with dry-your-eyes sentimentality.
A moderately engaging but extremely manipulative crowd-pleaser that starts off quirky but grows increasingly cloying.
Heartwarming and darkly funny...
Nothing in Hannes Holm's tearjerking comedy A Man Called Ove is likely to come as a surprise, but that doesn't make the picture any less entertaining.
Lassgård won't let you off easy: A scene in which Ove weeps hopelessly before the magnitude of his loneliness will bring tears to the eyes of anyone who has suffered a loss.
Lassgard manages to keep us from completely hating and giving up on him at the beginning of the film - no small trick - and allows us to care for him without engaging in maudlin sentimentality at the end.
Though our put-upon hero's gradual realization that he has much to live for is obvious from the get-go, it still is a pleasant journey from pawn to king - spiritually speaking, of course.
A surprisingly warm and wonderful movie. One of the best of the year!
"A Man Called Ove" starts out gruff and unlikable and more than a bit stereotypical. Then it opens up and becomes something of an epic about ordinary life, touching, funny and engrossing.
A Man Called Ove won me over - if for no other reason than Lassgård's formidable talent for playing such an utterly pitiless, nihilistic jerk.
a minor miracle. We've all seen plenty of films where an older crank is sparked into new life by crossing paths with another, but this one feels fresh because of its layered structure, Scandinavian sense of humor and first rate performance from Lassgård
Sour-turned-sweet comedy-drama about a sour-turned-almost-sweet retired curmudgeon in terminal grief over his deceased wife blossoms into an unexpected cinematic gem.
A Swedish dramedy about the strange and wonderful ways in which a difficult person's heart can be tenderized.
A darkly funny, tragic, and ultimately heartwarming tearjerker about the life of one lonely but extraordinary man.
The whole thing comes across like a Swedish Gran Torino, but without the guns and gangs.
Holm tweaks expectations with the way he presents the material, and his grip on the film's tricky, tragicomic tone is masterful.
Holm assumes the audience requires ample evidence of Ove's goodness, and the film loses its footing in backstory melodrama.
Warm, darkly humorous, bittersweet and tender. Rolf Lassgård is a revelation.
It's hard to resist the joy of the film, the unbridled heart, and Ove's tremendous, hilarious hatred for all the idiots of the world.
This modest dramedy, deftly directed by Hannes Holm from the best-selling novel by Fredrik Backman, is as sweetly sincere as it is market-driven, with gusts of saving black comedy rolling in to rescue it from excess goo.
Two of the most hackneyed scenes in any movie are the comically interrupted suicide attempt and the lonely soliloquy addressed to a dead spouse's headstone; the title character gets them both, multiple times, in this slow and obvious Swedish drama.
Good-hearted stuff, to be sure, but mainly of interest to lovers of cinematic comfort food.
Lassgard isn't the whole show, but he's most of it, and he's rock steady without being predictable, or falling into easy caricature, even when the movie veers that way.
From its opening suicide jokes onward, this is a bittersweet view of life as gloomy but promising.
"A Man Called Ove" has some tear-jerking moments, but the film is so carefully designed - with long, circular takes that seem to surround the main characters at crucial fateful points - that technique often triumphs over sentimentality.
It's a strange effort, but often in the best way possible.
At heart, this film about the human condition, that most Swedish of topics, is like Ove itself -- brisk, bemused, and deeply loving.
Incorporating fluid flashbacks and snippets of narration that refreshingly serve to enhance rather than distract, director-writer Hannes Holm maintains a gentle, lyrical flow while coaxing fine performances from a diverse cast.
A culture-clash comedy that tries too hard to please the back rows
A Man Called Ove - preaching tolerant togetherness as the key to happiness - earns its sentimentality by striking a delicate balance between barking-mad comedy and syrupy melodrama.
Ove is a rare spiteful-curmudgeon-meets-new-neighbors fable that finds the measure of spite and sugar.
It's emotionally manipulative, but its two leads find a core of humanity even in the most calculating plot machinations.
It's a heartwarming tale about a stubborn, short-tempered man with steadfast beliefs, strict routines and the feeling that everyone around him is an idiot - and no reticence about telling them so.

@highlight

A Man Called Ove 's winsome sincerity -- and Rolf Lassgård's affectingly flinty performance in the title role -- keep it from succumbing to excess sentimentality.