The world it depicts is too dangerous and too lovely to classify.
The movie is filled with wonderful moments, set pieces of absurdity, and a richness of humor. But underneath, Menzel and Hraba have a wry and sometimes painful story to tell of the history of their country in the 20th century.
I Served the King of England plays like a combination of Life Is Beautiful and Forrest Gump.
Tasty enough but inoffensive even when it should offend, provoke, startle.
The pseudo-sensuality is annoying and the supposed absurdism and satire are flimsy.
[A] delightful, lighthearted satire, a quirky story of fantasy, wealth and pretty women with exposed nipples.
This inventive, charming picture-perfect picaresque tale of an ambitious young Czech rascal scrambling in the pre-Nazi and wartime eras marks a welcome and victorious return for Jiri Menzel, whose last major conquest was his 1967 Oscar-winning debut, C
Amelie meets The Pianist in I Served the King of England, one man's surreal journey through 30 years of Czech history.
In the end, I Served the King of England is doomed to fail by comparison. Ironically, they are comparisons that the film itself keeps making.
"I Served the King of England" is like an endless feast, featuring one spectacular course after another. Somehow, you never get so full that you want to push yourself away from the table.
Celebrates the pleasures of life while acknowledging its tragedy and absurdity... Its attitude might be described as good-natured fatalism.
[It's] surrounded by and infused with the potential for meaning but feels like a lark: a bit of nothing whistling past the graveyard of 20th century European history without a thing to do but indulge itself.
Working from a novel and script by Bohumil Hrabal, director Jiri Menzel again achieves a seriocomic triumph, as he did with his Oscar-winning 1966 adaptation of Hrabal's Closely Watched Trains.
Most movies of this kind would lead towards redemption of sorts. Menzel prefers quiet introspection to loud conversion, and that's both a strength and weakness of this movie.
There's a mystical quality to King of England, a political satire that softens its barbs by locating them in the middle of a fable.
The trouble with I Served the King of England is that it's sometimes bizarre and clever and often visually wonderful, but you never forget that you're watching a movie. And it does go on.
... full appreciation requires both a grasp of European history and an appreciation for stories which have many layers of meaning.
I Served the King of England should be a brilliant picture, one last testament to the intertwined sensibilities of two brave artists. Should be, but isn't.
Transforming the calamitous past into the springboard for sexy, satirical fantasy, Menzel tells his tale through the experiences of Jan Dite, a waiter fixated on his dream of becoming a hotel owner and millionaire.
I Served the King of England might not suit Charlie Chaplin, were he alive today. But Chaplin's visual gusto complements this precisely timed and profoundly reverent ode to silent cinema.
The minor protocols and major assaults of the characters are fused, paradoxically, by a truly lyrical talent.
An extravagant, visually stunning feast of sensory delights, Jiri Menzel's winsome comedy, set in World War II-era Prague, pirouettes along a beguiling but treacherous line between horror and whimsy.
In the end it's those amazing, nutty set pieces, coolly guided by the veteran director, that make it all worthwhile.
Though the pervasive air of light-hearted irony sometimes feels incongruous, the movie is never slow or dull, thanks to a playful series of slo-mo fantasy sequences.
The movie's main appeal is its special comic flavor -- a zesty fusion of picaresque adventure, absurdist whimsy and Chaplinesque grace.
Using the absurd Díte to indict ambition, passivity, and willful ignorance, "I Served the King of England" is a familiar sort of comedy, equal parts farcical and musical.
While the movie ebbs and flows to currents that are distinctly one of kind, the waves they ultimately make didn't move me to any sort of emotional release one way or the other.
Barnev gives a deftly Chaplinesque performance...but Díte never really finds any meaning or lessons in the choices he made, and neither will the audience.
This episodic, picaresque film is one delightful surprise after another, a complete joy to watch.
A brilliant, witty and profound tragicomedy that reflects on recent Czech history with a highly imaginative, darkly humorous and strongly sensual tone.
Czech director Jirí Menzel casts a wide net in this fanciful tale of life, love and the relentless march of time.
The movie is far too slow-moving, and young Jan's trysts with the beautiful women become repetitive.
Czech writer/director Jiri Menzel, in an effort to maintain a lighter spirit to the movie, tends to gloss over many of the atrocities committed during this time.
The film's whirl of history can be a bit vague at times, but that's a forgivable fault when your senses are so delightfully overwhelmed.
A young man's plans to become a hotel magnate are thwarted by the fickle finger of history in this comical eulogy for Czechoslovakia.
With equal parts ribaldry and revelry, Menzel tells the story of the manchild who rises from street vendor to waiter to hotelier.
The moral translates darkly and it translates well.
The deft physical comedy is a pleasure, though the leering chauvinism becomes more embarrassing as the movie progresses.
It's a film filled with wicked satire and sex both joyful and pitiful.
Surprisingly sexy and delightfully playful, England will do nothing less than revitalize your faith in movies.
Scoring high for creativity, the story of the fantastic life of urban nomad and unwilling Bolshevik Jan Dite gives us too little to hang on to. This is hard work for a laugh.
I Served the King of England may not be a totally riveting movie, but it is, in its gently insinuating way, a curiously rewarding one.
Slower than a glacier, despite prolific female nudity, this is a waste of two perfectly good hours.
Combining the imaginative visuals of Jeunet and Greenaway with the quirky characterizations of Kaurismaki ... a sumptuous feast of delicious food and sexy women.
You are swept away by the beauty of individual moments and by Barnev's extraordinary performance, which beautifully serves I Served the King of England.
An elegant, ironic fable with literary origins (a novel by Bohumil Hrabal) that belongs to a distinctive middle-European artistic tradition with a puckish spirit that sometimes seems sweet and at other times ruthless.
Charming to the max, Served unfolds in Czechoslovakia when it was ruled by the Germans and, later, the Soviets.
A film as unique as this is a gift that shouldn't be ignored. And if Menzel once again finds the audience he deserves, we won't have to wait years for another.
The new film is so leisurely paced and overly long that what means to be at once charming yet darkly satirical lapses into tedium and barely comes alive.
A comedy-drama with a lot of slapstick, combined with a history lesson about an important chapter of World War II and beyond.
This splendid late-career offering emanates fairytale enchantment with touches of magic realism.
There is hardly a moment in this new film in which you are not aware that its absurdist view of the human condition was shaped by traumatic 20th-century events.
Jiri Menzel's new film has more visual verve than any film currently in release, with or without computer effects
Forty years after his breakthrough, Menzel has returned with I Served The King Of England, and it's like he never left.
The film remains a strange comic fable about finding happiness in the most outlandish of places.
I Served the King of England ends up a curious combination of raunchy merriment and malignant undercurrents.
Do away with the clever style and you're still left with a rousing picaresque of life's beautiful-sad ironies.
Veteran Czech director Jirí Menzel serves up an epic in miniature, one apolitical man's magical realistic journey through life during the shifting sands of WWII Europe.
A robust and ribald picaresque tale told with comic élan and philosophical panache.
Jiří Menzel's I Served the King of England is a Czech national epic served up with champagne and truffles.
...has loads to say about ambition, greed, hedonism and redemption and does it with intelligence and wit.
Dite's limited awakening is neither tragedy nor the kind of bitter, fatalistic farce seen in Lina Wertmuller's Seven Beauties.
a bitingly effective satire . . . a lively scamper through decadence, desire, and the conflation of food and sex such that hasn't been seen in cinema since Tom Jones
Why can't Americans make comedies as playful but serious as Jiri Menzel's I Served the King of England?
Dite is a wonderfully sweet character who leads an interesting life. When the closing credits roll, you'll be glad that you were able to vicariously go along on his little adventures.
Writer/director Jiri Menzel's ambitious filmic adaptation of Bohumil Hrabal's picaresque novel about a diminutive Czech waiter with dreams of becoming a millionaire and of owning his own hotel, is a rich black comedy steeped in wartime experience and sexu
A return to form and a comeback for Menzel: His first film in over a decade, an adaptation of Hrabal's 1974 novel, displays the serio-comedic and poignantly humanistic perspective that has informed the Czech director's best work.
A darkly humorous, exquisitely performed and filmed story of a Czech Everyman against the backdrop of the Nazi and Communist domination of Czechoslovakia.
By the time it crosses the finish line the film has nearly stopped dead.
Funny, vivacious and profound without being earnest, this is an utter delight.
Enjoyable, superbly directed and frequently funny wartime adventure with a superb central performance from Ivan Barney.
This magical realist memoir of the small men (and women) in history is a sprawling carnivalesque treat - as tall and refreshing as a tankard of Czech beer and with the same bitter aftertaste.
While it's not exactly humming with narrative tension, Menzel's light touch and self-deprecating tone make for an engaging ride illuminated by some very sharp moments of truth.
The film's strength %u2013 it's whimsy %u2013 is also its weakness, with Menzel often letting his guard drop and letting the novel run away with the screenplay. But it's diverting and it's unique.
A funny and charming take on the basic Horatio Alger model, deepened by the filmmakers' invocations of the history of cinema and the national character of Czechoslovakia.
Menzel has crafted a visual extravaganza.
Story has been shrewdly yet passionately shaped for the screen.
Menzel's crowdpleaser flies lightly through heavy topics such as Nazism, Sudeten Germans and Communism, with more than a wink to silent comedy.









@highlight

With charm and an eye for life's bittersweet moments, Czech New Wave master Jiri Menzel paints a picaresque story with whimsy and intellect.