No matter how many times you scour afterward, the filmy scum left by Hot Tub Time Machine 2 lingers like greasy dark ring around the brain.
It's rare to see a group of gifted comedians be so damn boring, to watch so much legitimate goodwill be blown to smithereens.
John Cusack must have used his time-travel powers to wisely foresee sitting out this stale journey into the future.
when the most notable thing about your movie is its continued reliance on recycled ideas and puerile stupidity, it doesn't make it destined for much else beyond a casual "Ha."
There are laughs here, some pretty big, but it's such a slog that this hot tub will leave you cold.
It's an hour and a half of bros partying heartily and insulting each other while checking out the hot racks on hot ladies, with a few time-travel jokes thrown in.
A worthless second dip into the hot tub
The first movie was fun but instantly forgettable; the idea that we've spent five years wondering what happens next is downright insulting.
Proves to be the sequel no one wanted to the comedy that nobody ever gave that much of a steaming-sauna s**t about back in 2010. It's a slumming muck in the bottom of a grungy, nasty old whirlpool.
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is a miserable movie.
Essentially this sequel is far too preoccupied with boobs, stroking the male ego and crass, old-fashioned jokes to deliver anything engaging or truly witty.
Flush this one away.
Man-worship and dated gross-out gags can't elevate the material above the terminally boring. Who knew?
The film's belated sequel has the same director, three-quarters of its lead cast and one-third of its writing team, but in the intervening five years, all seem to have forgotten why the original worked and what it meant.
This is the kind of movie that will make you want to go back in time -- to the moment before you made the rash decision to start watching it.
This is asphyxiate-on-your-own popcorn unfunny, exhaustingly stupid and a waste of twelve quid.
The result is 93 minutes of your life you'll never wish to revisit.
A follow-up that's both funny and filthy.
The relentless spitballing yields sporadic snorts, but with women reduced to walk-on titparts between stale knob gags, it absolutely feels like the bromance's final, desperate throbs ...
The only thing that crosses your mind after seeing this is whether it's possible to travel back around 93 minutes and opt to see something else.
Not so much a movie as a mismatched mix of dick jokes and rampant homophobia. I'm kidding: There aren't any actual jokes here.
Pink and company double down on half-hearted culture clash moments, red herrings galore, extra-gratuitous incidents of testicular trauma, and Lou's downright toxic personality.
Fans of the first film will note the problematic lack of balance; without Cusack's notably sour contribution, Hot Tub Time Machine 2 sinks in a sea of its own bodily fluids.
Steve Pink didn't add to the original with this sequel in terms of story depth or character development, but come on, the film is called Hot Tub Time Machine 2.
When you drain out the filler of homophobic rape and masturbation jokes from Hot Tub Time Machine 2, you're not left with much else at the scuzzy bottom of this movie.
It's a dull, lazy, scattershot would-be comedy about a group of mostly unlikable characters who have all the depth of the Three Stooges in the Curly Joe era.
Provided you find any of this funny, the anarchic spirit can be exhilarating, but don't waste too much energy on it.
Choppy, tangentially related scenes follow upon one another, dragged further down by witless dialogue and nasty behavior.
...an embarrassment to all concerned.
I really liked the first one. This one...not so much.
Crass, homophobic, misogynistic sequel - pull the plug and empty the Jacuzzi!
A gut-busting glimpse into a future in which only the cars are smart.
It's raunchy, foul-mouthed and occasionally funny.
The humor is seldom character-based: It's more a matter of actors saying whatever outrageous thing springs to mind at that moment.
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is so bad it might make you question your allegiance to the original Hot Tub Time Machine.
Returning director Steve Pink and screenwriter Josh Heald re-create the goofball, quick-tempo chaos of their original film. It's a silly, gross-out frolic that's often irritating but somehow turns tolerable.
The 1980s are nowhere to be found in Hot Tub Time Machine 2, a bummer for those who still want their MTV.
It's early, but Hot Tub Time Machine 2 has secured a healthy lead as the worst sequel of 2015. Your move Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2.
A lazily plotted excuse to set up gross-out gags 10 years in the future.
Sans the original's redemptive nostalgia or any newfound cleverness, it's just a manic, flop-sweat-drenched mess.
The sequel sinks without John Cusack. Uninspired, unfunny, pointless.
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 plays like a film in outline form, where the bullet points are all on the page, but no one has connected them together yet.
Corddry, Robinson, Duke, and Scott have their partisans in the audience, but they're not actors who can carry a movie, even when it's split four ways -- not when their default settings tend to be some variation on "big baby" and "obnoxious jerk.
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is basically a sillier version of an already silly concept - but that doesn't mean it isn't fun.
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 commits the two biggest sins of the dudebro comedy genre legitimized by the success of The Hangover series. The first is that this sequel exists at all.
While the original was clever and funny from start to finish, this painfully written sequel offers the exact opposite and takes away any charm audience were expecting.
An outright stinker.
It seems as if no one knew what they were doing here, or what they wanted to say, and so it's up to the cast to kill time riffing on each other.
HTTM 2 is fine, and fun, but there's little about it that mandates seeing on the big screen rather than waiting for Netflix.
Pretty much a total waste of time and energy.
The water in the tub is still lukewarm and it's pretty disgusting in places but tepid or not, I got a few laughs out of it and the outtakes at the end were funny!
[I]t's pretty clear that Hot Tub Machine 2 is running on creative fumes...
It's quite limited in its imagination, its laugh quotient, and its appeal. I wish I could turn back the hands of time and prevent this flick from getting green-lit. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
I loved the first film, but if I could, I would travel back in time and tell my 2010 self to dial that review down a couple of notches. Just in case it somehow encouraged the making of this sequel.
Unlike the original film that contained a nostalgic 1980s romp held together by funny central performances, this second helping is like a confused collection of outtakes.
One of the most aggressively, grotesquely off-putting movies I have ever seen
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is the proverbial turd in the Jacuzzi - you can't pin down who's responsible, but it's a floater that ruins the party.
In the future, in the past, at all points along the space-time continuum, the Theory of the Teenage Male Mind throws everything out of whack.
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 feels tepid, uninspiring, and comically hollow. It's about as innocuous and boring as a sequel can get and about as messy and unappealing as a hotel jacuzzi.
Place your odds on this easily capturing a spot on 2015's Worst Films list if not earning the top spot.
Any way one spins it, this is a bad movie. It's cheap-looking. It's asinine. It's dull. It's thoroughly unsatisfying. And, at 93 minutes, the proceedings earn a whopping two laughs tucked inside a tidal wave of misery.
The Platonic ideal of a sorta-welcome sequel no one needs. Like "Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay" or "Horrible Bosses 2" before it, "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" proves some bottles aren't built for much more than a single bolt of lightning.
Not that there were a ton of expectations for Hot Tub Time Machine 2, but however modest they were the film fails to meet them.
It's terribly easy to screw up a moderately good thing by making an inferior sequel.
If one has to sit in front of a jet spray of degradation gags, better it feel like the occasional seltzer spritz than a fire hose blast to the crotch.
So witless and unfunny and shoddily made it makes The Hangover 2 look like The Godfather 2.
An early candidate for worst sequel of 2015 and also worst movie.
As could have been predicted, "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" is vastly inferior to the first "Hot Tub," but it's not stupid so much as desperately frantic.
Remember how bad you thought the original movie was going to be? That.
It's difficult to imagine a movie more vulgar and crass than this, or one more likely to evoke groans of disgust than gales of laughter.
Compared with last time, the returning team of director Steve Pink and writer Josh Heald practically doodle the gang's motivations and worse, their surroundings.
Prediction: If you liked the original, you will probably enjoy a return soaking. If you did not tolerate that kind of idiocy the first time, I guarantee you will not want to see the sequel.
We won't say that we didn't laugh, but we did about as much as you'd guess while watching a movie named "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" sober.
The sequel takes everything that was good about the first film - a raunchy, though affectionate, take on how guys look back on the moment when their lives went south - and makes it seem accidental.
more or less a complete disaster
It really seems like Hot Tub Time Machine 2 figured out what worked about the first one and focused on that.
If you have to ask yourself whether this film is for you, it isn't.
You can only catch lightning in a bottle once with something called Hot Tub Time Machine, and John Cusack's buddies are drowning in this without him. Without Cusack, the trio lack warmth and grab at every penis joke they can.
"Hot Tub Time Machine 2" is a movie that didn't need to be made, and certainly doesn't need to be seen - not when you can rent the original and still feel good about yourself afterward.
It's watchable, which is the kind of faint praise that usually damns a movie, but in this case is a credit to Robinson's and Corddry's performances ...
For those who liked the first movie and find a plethora of penis jokes hilarious, this is a fitting sequel. But others should stay away.
It's just bad. It's boring, folks.
Proof that not all hit movies merit sequels.
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is the kid in class who makes fart noises for a quick laugh, only he doesn't stop for an hour and a half - and he never gets funnier.
Only fans of the first movie will want to make time for this occasionally inspired, mostly tedious follow-up.
A douchebaggery-bedazzled sack of misery.
Josh Heald's script takes the easy way out, ending the film with a torrent of slapdash sentimentality.
The funniest movie we currently have that involves a hot tub capable of time travel.
There's another time problem here: namely, the minutes that drag between one laugh and the next.
Returning director Steve Pink often simply shows his actors a prop -- a piece of furniture, say -- and asks them to make jokes about it.
Somehow, five years of development and execution have resulted in a slapdash sequel, pumping the brakes on what could've been a wonderfully ludicrous franchise.
A flop-sweaty cash grab that gives a bad name to sequels in which key talent has jumped ship, Steve Pink's Hot Tub Time Machine 2 leaps forward rather than backward in time and sort of makes one wish the world had ended while it was en route.
Though some of it works, a lot of it feels rehashed from the first film.
I hated Hot Tub Time Machine 2 so much I now can't even think about the first one without feeling annoyed.
Internal logic ... lends "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" not only its rough-and-ready comic vigor, but also a surprising measure of thematic integrity.
The smart plotting of the first film is completely gone; this time the script barely bothers with the central mystery, preferring to lurch from one unfunny set piece to another.
The first movie was raunchy, but this one is just rude - with plenty of bodily fluids being flung around, and far too many jokes about genitals.
If I could bubble a time machine to 2010, I'd advise Pink, "Quit while you're ahead."
With humor that makes Bill & Ted seem intelligent, this sequel is pretty much garbage. We had to wait five years for this?
Cusack didn't miss much.
At its best the series milks its inability to care much into absudist jokes -a blob of non-sequiturs where rules are made to be ignored and broken. But it's not often at its best.

@highlight

A shallow dip overflowing with juvenile humor, Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is a lukewarm sequel that's healthiest to avoid.