Tamahori and the phalanx of writers implode Dick's intriguing premise into a pedantic thriller.
Nobody said this had to be great art, but why couldn't it be a satisfying thrill machine?
This busy sci-fi thriller often seems like a page full of equations rendered meaningless by an early misplaced decimal point.
It's debatable whether Cage's supernatural ability is any more interesting than his strange coiffure.
Predictable Cage sci-fi tale may entertain teens.
Someone that can change the future like Cage does here is a bit like Superman, but without any Kryptonite . . .
Suffice it to say that I'm a big time warp movie fan and this is a good one.
Obscurely motivated terrorists with Eastern European accents are preparing to explode a hydrogen bomb in Los Angeles.
Another failed attempt to bring Dick's deliriously paranoid mind-set to the screen.
Philip K. Dick is credited as the source of the film. That poor giant of SciFi has been more abused posthumously than anyone else of his genius.
Despite a distracting hairdo, Nicolas Cage delivers a solid performance in this fast-paced actioner.
Yes, Cage is woefully miscast, but he isn't what derails the movie.
Next isn't a great movie, but I enjoyed it anyway.
It's all complete nonsense, of course, hampered by a clunky script and Tamahori's uneven direction (which elicits unintentional laughter throughout and, unforgivably, a dull performance from Nic Cage).
It's noisy, nonsensical, and will fade from your consciousness even before you make it out of the theater lobby, but it's entertaining enough, and Tamahori throws us a few curve balls to keep things interesting.
A truly great bad film, one for future generations to ponder and consider and then turn away.
Everything that happens is preposterous, and the filmmakers make no attempt to help us forget it.
The premise is wildly preposterous, yet Nicolas Cage makes Next fun to watch
El vidente es una de esas películas que se pueden ver sin problemas, pues es bastante entretenida, pero que al final deja el sentimiento de que al espectador se le quiso tomar el pelo.
Its conceptual wit and its merciful brevity help it go down easy.
Not a bad film if you can overlook the basic silliness of the plot.
While Next has a few fun and inventive moments sprinkled throughout, mostly revolving around the use of Cris' power, it collapses into an exhausting litany of action movie clichés before exposing itself as a total mindjob in the end.
An erratic illusion of a high-quality film, "Next" sometimes stumbles over its own sleight-of-hand tricks.
The film doesn't try to explain or rationalize its essential trick, but drops you rather perfunctorily into Cris' multiple dilemmas.
I was looking forward to seeing a good popcorn movie and after it was over all I could say was, 'Next'.
Next might have sounded good as a concept but it bombs in execution. Maybe it should have stuck more closely to Dick's novel and incorporated more of its complexities rather than just skimming one idea off the surface.
...A swiss cheese-plotted glop of magic and mayhem.
...unbelievably sloppy...
Implausible and predictable - it's a silly seer-tale. Consider this your two-minute warning.
Lee Tamahori's thriller avoids all or most of the pitfalls that have ruined other time-manipulation films.
More effort has gone into the effects, yet the action amounts to little more than dodging projectiles. I'm very concerned about director Tamahori, who used to make interesting movies about masculinity but doesn't seem to have a grip on the helm here.
Establishes has a smart premise before it turns into another big, dumb action movie.
Next features Nicolas Cage as a clairvoyant who can see events before they occur. If anyone on the production team had similar abilities, they could have foreseen that the film was a folly in the making.
Mullet mediocrity.
A schlocky mix of bad special effects and worse Cage hairdos.
A monumental copout on the level of those overused "It was all a dream" stories that our fiction writing professors would urge us not to pen back in college.
Asks the viewer to accept that Nicolas Cage can see into the future and that Jessica Biel would sleep with him. I'm not sure which qualifies the film as science fiction.
Thoroughly ridiculous yet basically entertaining...
Comes across as a thrilling, multi-faceted-but-phony-diamond of a chase and suspense yarn for the not-too-demanding that I, for one, enjoyed with my eyes wide open.
It just has too much in its corner to ignore such depressing mediocrity.
Next plays like the most boring episode ever of 24, with a little extrasensory flavor tossed in for good measure.
Until its trigger-happy, metaphysically-impossible-to-decipher, and anticlimactic copout of an ending, the movie is a successful entertainment -- albeit a minor, disposable, and completely forgettable one.
A sort of warm-up for the heroism of his now-filming National Treasure sequel, Next requires Cage only to look pensive and occasionally be charming.
Tired of really bad action movies starring Nicolas Cage? Sigh. So are we.
Some will enjoy 'Next' and the same number will be annoyed -- too busy scratching their heads to relax and have a good time.
"Next" isn't as flamboyantly bad as Cage's last movie, "Ghost Rider" (which made a ton of money, something this pro forma outing is unlikely to do). But you know you're in for not much when Cage starts out the picture wearing that doleful, please-pat-my-h
The movie itself is a standard sci-fi thriller that compared to others will hardly overwhelm, but the storyline and brevity (96 minutes) kept me engaged from start to finish.
The third-act twist is so smug and charmless that it negates any lingering investment the audience still has in the generic guns-and-bombs goings-on.
A watchable but one hell of a dumb hybrid action and supernatural thriller.
I would have liked to see a little more of Cris' abilities to see the future, than just another sappy love story.
Cage is at his worried and wild eyed best here as an artful dodger of fate, leaning on his 'advanced awareness' instincts.
Think of Groundhog Day with guns and car chases. And without humour.
Cage continues his quest to be the next Superman.
If you are looking for an interesting, imaginative movie diversion before the summer blockbuster flood from Hollywood, you might just want to check out Next.
...can't be totally written off because Cage is actually good in this role and he and Jessica Biel have the type of chemistry that make the romance worth rooting for.
A sweet love story gets sabotaged by an action film with way too many shots fired, far too many vehicles blown up.
Next boasts a fresh plot with a tricky twist ending that can be misconstrued if you don't pay close attention and then pause to think about it.
When NEXT is good, it's very good, but, when it's bad, it's horrid.
This movie doesn't fail because of it's swiss cheese story. It fails because there is no chemistry between Cage and Biel. Biel's casting was so bad that it goes up there with casting Denise Richards as a Nuclear Scientist in The World Is Not Enough.
If I could look into the future, I wouldn't have seen this movie at all.
For better or worse, Next always has its eye on a perky pace and the occasional bubble-gum snap of amusement.
There are lots of crimes a movie can commit -- being boring, being nonsensical, being implausible, being irrelevant -- but it's the rare movie that can commit all of them in the space of 90 minutes.
Next forces you to not just suspend your disbelief but take it out back and shoot it in the head.
Featuring a bare bones script that relies completely on the strength of its premise and not its characters, Next also has the courtesy to not overstay its welcome.
Straddles a fence between adequately clever and surprisingly stupid ... but most of it is still fun anyway.
Once you know the rules, it's hardly worth playing. Especially when you find out you've been tricked.
Lazy, incoherent adaptation of Dick's strange short story.
Colossal waste of time.
Late in the movie, Cris shouts at a bad guy, 'I've seen every possible ending here. None of them are good for you.' It's as if he's talking to the audience, and alas, he's right.
Does nothing with its intriguing premise, and it's mostly just one more tedious and progressively dumb collection of Hollywood action clichés.
It [explores] different facets of its premise and transforms itself into a fairly competent suspense thriller.
Not overly ambitious, Next nonetheless keeps you thinking, guessing and entertained.
Next is tasty, but only in an empty-calorie sort of way.
Cage is cool, quiet and a touch melancholy as Johnson -- carrying the burden of his gift with a brooding brow and a ready punch line.
Who are these terrorists, aside from an unexplained coalition of French, Germans and Asians? Why are they trying to destroy Los Angeles? Was it because of X-Men 3?
It doesn't have the momentum, the quick-wittedness, to keep us wondering what's going to happen next.
It's too bad that Mr. Cage couldn't tap into those powers to save himself from another bad choice in roles.
Next, which makes National Treasure look like a model of narrative logic, is almost beyond criticism.
A routine action film with strange bits of surreal time-flopping mixed in.
The torpid Next may actually trump Paycheck as the worst film based on a story by the late, highly regarded, science-fiction writer Philip K. Dick.
Next begins to seriously embarrass itself and its stars once it rolls to its climax.
Next comes across like a standard clock-puncher for almost everyone involved.
Next is a series of artfully choreographed linked pursuits with Moore convincing as the hard-nosed leader of the pursuit team.
Directed by Lee Tamahori with his customary flash and glitter, Next lives from one brilliantly executed chase sequence to the next, which is more than enough reason to stay the course.
At least Next has a sense of humor, which helps soften (though not enough) the ridiculous premises on which the enterprise rests.
An illogical movie that's essentially two long chase scenes and a short one.
Despite an outlandish premise, Next suffers from being too conventional.
High-concept, totally ludicrous, laugh-out-loud nonsense that is best fit for late-night television when nothing else is on.
If this all sounds like tripe, that's because it is.
We will use our own powers of clairvoyance to predict a mercifully short life in theatres and a quick trip to the DVD shelves.
Good summer fun that's both brain and eye candy.
While [Cage's character's] soothsaying turns Next into a sci-fi film with minimal exposition, next to the fortuitous plot twists and implausible fight scenes, the ability to see into the future seems almost mundane.
Watchably absurd popcorn flick.
At any rate, with Spider-Man 3 hitting theaters next Thursday I don't need a crystal ball to foresee this one disappearing from theaters and hitting DVD in a matter of weeks.
"Next" is implausible and leaves many questions unanswered, but the action is so spectacular and the chase sequences so slick %u2014 thanks to director Lee Tamahori's signature style %u2014 that a nutty plot is forgiven.
While some moviegoers will want to talk about some of the really cool concepts the film explores, others will want to rip the movie apart.
Half of Next is a clever, unpredictable thriller... the other half is a sloppy, bloated adventure marred by cheesy special effects and some equally cheesy acting.
It is so preposterous it could almost be the spoof "bad action movie" they'd keep flashing to in a Hollywood satire.
One too many scenes of people shooting guns and blowing things up.
Cage has yet another bad hair day in a Dick-based actioner that repeatedly breaks its own rules.
Lee Tamahori's ludicrous thriller is as straggly and ill-judged as Cage's rotten crop.
This one experiments with the putatively brain-frying idea of a man who can see two minutes into the future.
The earnestness of Cage and tough-as-nails Moore backfires in the face of godawful dialogue and a very poorly established central conceit.
...a popcorn movie, and it's a lot of fun if you just go along for the ride.
The best thing you can say about this blend of hard-boiled action and paranormal prescience is that it is inadvertently funny.
Cage's paranormal powers enable him to dodge arrest, assassins' bullets and even an avalanche.
The ending of this film is not just a colossal cheat, it's a hard slap in the face to anyone who has invested his or her time in watching it. The preview audience responded with groans of disbelief and derisive laughter.
It's just a shame that none of the laughs are intentional.
Tamahori turns in a very sloppy production.
Diverting enough, and actually might've passed well as logic-less entertainment if not for the ending.
Jessica Biel puts in an Oscar worthy performance to make us believe a hot babe like her would be interested in a balding, creepy guy twice her age like Nic Cage, so give her some props.
Nicolas Cage's hair is the most memorable thing about Next
"What about intel?" someone asks. "We don't need it--we have HIM." You don't need to be Cage to forsee we're in for a lot of bang bang and the obligatory shooting of the black secondary character is moments away.
Next is a howler of a movie, the most entertainingly awful flick in quite some time.
If the protagonist of Next were to use his ability to peer two minutes into the future before watching Next, he'd probably have enough to go on to skip it altogether.
After the sleekly aggressive audio-visual assault of Déjà Vu, Next's B-movie-ness is almost charming.
Primarily just a fun, mind-bending story, not too brainy but not too stupid, either.
Although it has some fun effects and trademark Cage zingers, Next can't overcome just how goofy, and even uninteresting, it is.
The tagline says, 'If you can see the future, you can save it.' For that matter, if you don't see Next, you can save 96 minutes. What starts out as a mildly diverting thriller blows itself to smithereens in the final reel.
An extremely simple-minded present-day chase movie...blown to smithereens by plot holes the size of the majestic mountain canyons where some of the action is set.
Slickly produced but much ado about nothing, Next keeps one's interest, only to laugh in your face for caring.
The film fails to play by a consistent set of rules and, while it's possible to justify that endgame twist, that doesn't mean it's a good idea. Some viewers will feel cheated by what Next does, and it's hard to blame them.
Time is of the essence in the new sci-fi thriller Next, and all the major players wear expensive watches to prove it.
Who says preposterous junk can't be fun?
The paranormal thriller Next shows how a solid crew of filmmakers and performers can apply a big-studio budget to a good story idea and still have absolutely everything come out wrong.
Next wins points for its cool premise, its impressive action sequences and for ending before it wears out its welcome.
The nadir comes when Cage is called upon to emote the look of love and instead does a dead-on impersonation of a stunned gopher



@highlight

Numerous plot holes and poorly motivated characters prevent Next from being the thought-provoking sci-fi flick it could've been.