As Bill Maher demolishes one soft target after another, his smugness wears thin.
Bill Maher admittedly dresses a one-sided anti-religion diatribe in documentary linens and the hypocrites he finds make great punchlines. But he also addresses the historically proven truth of faith perverted for power and the danger posed to us all.
Rather disconcertingly, the film builds towards a vision of the apocalypse, the destructive fate that religious conflicts have in store for us -- a version of the future any hellfire preacher would be proud of.
Borat/Bruno meets Michael Moore in this funny and thought provoking attack on religion.
So if you are not already on-side with [Maher's] particular leanings, the pickings in Religulous are very slim indeed.
The Passion of the Maher
Instead of confronting real problems radiating from the world's major religions Mr. Maher and Mr. Charles opt for Borat redux, making fun of silly little yokels.
Ever the clever quipper, Bill Maher tackles religious dogma and ritual%u2013and Bibles tales%u2013in this documentary of irreverence. The film is witty and pointedly critical%u2013but it's no revelation.
Ultimately, the movie is an impotent howl into the wind.
Click for full review
Wants to be a wakeup call in a room where the people are willing to sleep just a little too deeply.
I'm all for a documentary about the mass hysteria of our warring creeds, but stand-up satirist Bill Maher turns out to be the wrong man to make it.
Maher has gone for easy targets. He comes up with the odd funny gag, but you get the feeling that he is as dogmatic about his doubt as the believers are about their faith.
Often funny, frequently unfair, mostly simplistic, at times offensively unethical and ultimately limited.
It was much more thought-provoking than I was expecting, but his blatant bias made me feel that he was no less a fundamentalist than the religious people he was criticising.
Over-extended but nonetheless thought provoking and humorous documentary.
Fortunately for filmgoers, the sight of Bill Maher laying the smacketh down on God is, to quote Homer Simpson, truly "sacrilicious".
Maher crucifies the kooks. What he singularly fails to do, though, is engage with anyone sensible. By mocking the loonies he squanders the precious high ground. A real pity.
Shooting fish in a barrel is the order of the day in comedian Bill Maher's faintly tiresome attack on religion.
A refreshingly courageous and long overdue lecture that is equally enlightening, entertaining and provocative.
Smart, hilarious and thoroughly entertaining.
Religulous isn't all it could have been: Maher spends too much of his interactions with believers of various stripe scoring easy points off the mad and stupid.
Maher's theories will get up the nose of believers of almost every creed, but his strategy of mocking easy targets will shake few temples worldwide.
It's not an exploration, it's a smart-arse going into situations just to confirm his own prejudices.
Worth seeing to make your own judgment.
It's a rare film that can simultaneously crack you up and send a chill down your spine. Worth seeing - even for believers.
The serious food for thought gets lost amid the one-stop snacking.
It's pretty easy to take the piss out of religious kitsch, as Maher does. It would have been more instructive (if less chucklesome) if he'd risked an argument with an accredited theologian.
Religulous is a thought-provoking delight.
Snappily edited and intercut with hilariously snide subtitles, this may be preaching to the converted but there's an ark-load of laughs.
That's the trouble with Religulous -it is funny but never very acute.
It's not a cinematic event in the same way that nuclear Jihad would be, but that's exactly what Maher is pleading with humanity to avoid. A must-see.
A documentary that's definitely not made for true believers; it's clearly aimed at agnostics, atheists and cynics. And it's both intriguingly fair and very entertaining.
There are a few laughs but anyone with half a brain will be able to tell this is a pretty shoddy fit-up job.
An amusing, often biting take-down of religion and the infantalising effect it has on true believers, politicians and religious leaders across the world.
By turns provocative, informative and very, very funny, Religulous is an engaging and frequently fascinating documentary that should be seen by both believers and non-believers alike.
The pic will amuse those who don't know much about faith and who like to hear what they think. These people will find the movie so comforting.
This film is primed to inspire mobs of people to herd out of the theater, smiling and nodding in unison about how great it is to be free-thinking.
[The Director] instead asks "What if?" and allows the interviewee a chance to resolve and hold up their end in the debates and challenges (or the mind of hang themselves with their rope). Which the latter is often the case...
Maher doesn't know the answers. That's his religion, the unknowing. And he attempts to investigate why others believe what they do with an open mind, but it's Maher. He mugs.
... while he tries not to look snarky, his comic impulse sometimes overwhelms him.
Maher is essentially and professionally a comic, and the measure of this movie is not just the thoughts it provokes but the laughs it generates.
I think this is an important movie, challenging, many beliefs that many of us seem unwilling to talk about. Mainly, though, you'll laugh...a lot.
Well put together, thought-provoking, and actually quite funny.
Despite the shortcomings of this film, it is funny. It is not as funny as director Larry Charles previous faux-documentary film, Borat, but funny all the same.
Mr. Maher's arguments against religious irrationality seem to be on the side of the angels. This is a film that is funny and disquieting.
The movie is at its most interesting when the attitudes of the faithful prove more sophisticated than Maher's own.
Be prepared for truths, distortions, unfair juxtapositions (especially with the film clips) and just plain goofiness in this too-long but often very entertaining film.
About half of the movie works in its snide, hit-and-run way. The other half throws more and more darts at the same balloon, long after it pops.
Religulous has an unholy fervor that should start many bonfires.
Much of what they've gotten on film is so entertaining, you almost want to pray for a sequel.
Maher sets out not after answers but cheap laughs that preach, so to speak, to the converted.
there can be few greater threats to religious zealotry than the power of laughter or the quest for knowledge - which is what makes comedian Bill Maher such an effective champion for the cause of scepticism in an age of rising fundamentalism.
To religious conservatives of all denominations, it's a punch in the nose. (Except when Maher's bashing the other zealots, those wackjobs.) To atheists and agnostics, it's catharsis
Maher, the exasperated, agnostic prankster, makes the point that organized religion has caused more harm than good.
This is either going to offend you or make you laugh out loud. At times, it may do both.
At his best, he has the bewildered incredulousness of George Carlin. At his worst, he's as self-righteous as his targets.
Doubt, Maher says, is his product, and you have to hand it to him for staying on message.
...simultaneously the most entertaining and least informative documentary I've seen in years
It is [funny], although much of the humor is extraordinarily cheap and obvious.
Maher may see demented dogma all around him, but what's the basis of his own moral compass? We're not religulous, just curious.
A cleverly constructed piece of work that by turns amused me, made me think, alarmed me and occasionally offended me.
This is a brutally blunt and often side-splittingly funny movie.
Is it mean? Gratuitously prankish? On the surface, sure, but it serves to remind the viewer that Maher is very well aware of his own presence and purpose.
Was Maher afraid he might muddy his clownish jape if he actually brought into the mix a learned theologian?
A Maher riff that's amusing enough, but hardly profound--one that's unlikely to alter your views on religion, whatever choir you're in.
You can't bamboozle a theme park mascot -- even one dressed up as Jesus -- and then ask to be taken seriously.
A facetious yet sincere documentary that makes the case for why all of the world's organized religions are not only, well, ridiculous, but also detrimental and downright dangerous.
They say that you catch more flies with honey than with vinegar. Maher comes on like honey, but the provocateur is an unrepentant vinegar man.
The tone swiftly becomes more serious in the film's last reel, coming to a brilliant (or infuriating, depending on your beliefs) head with a Maher monologue that's stunningly biting and incisive.
It's meant to "prove" that religious belief and intelligence are mutually exclusive. If you believe that, this movie is for you. For everyone else, it's a trifling and shoddy tirade.
...an interesting and funny film by a man full of doubt. Had he been a bit more open-minded, he might see belief and doubt are partners, not opposites.
Religulous doesn't really go anywhere. It's ultimately a celebration of the old-time religion we call entertainment.
Religulous is not for the devout. But those with a taste for irreverent humor and clear-eyed analysis will find it funny, enlightening and disturbing.
He [Maher]loves the sound of his own voice and the intellect and seeming intelligence behind his own theories. Nowhere in this movie does he really attempt to get answers.
I enjoyed Religulous, but I think it would be better if Maher had the confidence to spend more time talking to articulate believers.
It's sharp and outrageously funny enough to keep it from coming off like a self-righteous screed and to keep Maher from looking like the Michael Moore of religion -- for the most part.
Bill Maher does something amazing in Religulous. He makes Michael Moore look incredibly likable in comparison.
[Maher's] scattershot and ad hominem attacks against many different forms of religious hypocrisy don't add up to a coherent critique, and he's not qualified to provide one.
Atheists should find it good for an easy laugh.
A provocation, thinly disguised as a documentary, that succeeds in being almost as funny as it is offensive.
In the end, for all its genuflections towards free inquiry and rational debate, Maher is as close-minded as any of the preachers he despises.
Maher isn't unfair. Simply restating religious tenets to believers amounts to ridiculing them, but so be it.
What [Maher] does do finally in this funny, refreshing movie is assert how unrestrained religiosity could guarantee the 'end days' many of his subjects admit to looking forward to.
If you can accept the comedian and talk show host's ill-mannered shtick and can stand a robust lecture from someone who speaks critically of what others hold sacred, Religulous will reinforce what you already think.
It's not the message in Religulous that's a turn-off, but the way in which it's delivered.
Thought is absent in Religulous, as is imagination. The movie is Maher's monument to Maher, as ugly and hateful as anything he decries in the film.
In this docu-comedy Maher and Borat director Larry Charles team up for a guerrilla raid on religion that employs many of the same bait-and-switch tactics from that Sacha Baron Cohen hit.
[Maher's] beef against Judeo-Christian tradition is studiously researched, and seems to point to where Maher's animus really lies -- he does live in a country where no non-Christian, is likely to be elected President in his lifetime.
No two ways about it, Religulous is going to offend a lot of people who have never even see it. Chances are, it's going to offend a lot of people who do see it as well.
Funny as it is, Religulous is too much an exercise in preaching to the happily nonconverted. You others be damned. Sound familiar?
Many may laugh, and many will surely be offended, but nothing here bridges the gap between those two reactions.
Maher's first film project, Religulous, is a major disappointment because here, unlike on Real Time, he aims for laughs instead of insight -- and aims low.
As an exchange of ideas, this is a hopeless project, since Maher's doubt is as immovable as his interviewees' certainty.
Comedian Bill Maher brings his disarmingly direct humor to the topic of religion in Religulous. The results are often as surprising as they are funny.
Though fashioned as popular entertainment with laughs, light moments, and mostly humorous segments, Religulous is as serious as a disapproving Jehovah about its mission to upend our rote allegiance to blind religious faith.
One of the rules of satire is that you can't mock things you don't understand, and Religulous starts developing fault lines when it becomes clear that Maher's view of religious faith is based on a sophomoric reading of the Scriptures.
We need skeptics. They infuriate, but they also illuminate, and anybody whose faith can't take the knocks that Maher dishes out probably has deeper spiritual issues to deal with.
Religulous reaffirms Maher's wit, but it also sheds light on his penchant for moral equivalence.
Maher's wandering eye keeps Religulous - a very good movie - from being the great movie it could have been.
Religulous will offend you, make you laugh extremely hard and then scare the living hell out of you. No pun intended.
[Maher] converts 'honest doubt' into a rant against the ranters. Listening to it is like switching from Fox News to MSNBC, a different perspective but the same damn noise. My God, when will the racket end?
For most of the film, Maher uses the devout as straight men to set up his jokes. Though initially sidesplitting, over the course of Religulous, Maher has diminishing comic returns.
Maher understands this fine line, but in his comedic zeal, he sometimes forgets and steps wrong.
If you give [Maher] a chance, you'll find an intelligent, witty and well-researched cynic eager to give voice to an underserved minority.
Religion will always have a hard time defending itself. By bringing it out into the open, this documentary may only be preaching to the non-converted.
Some of it is very funny--I can't remember the last time I laughed as much at a film that I didn't really like--but after a while, both Maher and the film become more than a little tiresome.
Religulous will almost certainly not change your opinion of Maher, but the film is exceedingly well-made, intriguing, and awkwardly hilarious.
Bill Maher shines light on the weird beliefs of people around the country and around the world
It's an unstructured, scatter-gun attack, with Maher's cynical wit piercing the pretensions of one true believer after another, and director Larry Charles punctuating the encounters with cuts to Maher's vintage stand-up routines.
Despite his deep commitment to logic and reason (one might say he has a lot of faith in it), Maher never really makes his case.
Maher's antireligion documentary, Religulous, has numerous blasts of raucous humor amid passages that feel like a screed.
The film is basically 100-plus minutes of Maher making fun of others for their beliefs. However, he does nothing to prove his own points and contentions.
Whether you're a Sunday School regular or a godless intellectual, you're certain to find Bill Maher's anti-religion polemic Religulous to be a provocative, brilliant, infuriating documentary.
Maher's too smart to make a movie this dumb.
Bill Maher would have been burned at the stake if his hellishly hilarious and surprisingly thoughtful satire on organized religion had played the Inquisition.
In the end, Maher suffers from the same rigidity of thought - the certitude that he's right and those who disagree are wrong - that he dislikes in people of faith.
...a profane, sacrilegious and very funny anti-religion documentary that is well worth seeing - perhaps especially if you're a person of faith.
Leaves the viewer wondering how much more interesting the movie might have been had Maher picked on more people his own intellectual size.
It's a nasty, condescending, small-minded film, self-amused and ultimately self-defeating. Its only accomplishment is to make atheists look bad -- and in this political climate they didn't need Maher's help with that.
The truth is Religulous is a well-structured product of doubt, an argument of uncertainty that preaches to the choir but also manages to recruit new skeptics.
This movie is about Bill Maher's opinion of religion. He's very smart, quick and funny, and I found the movie entertaining, although sometimes he's a little mean to his targets.
Really funny and well-made.
Religulous is the type of film to be sent off into the world to crack open a few eyes and change some lives. In reality, only those patient with Maher and already free of devotion will be receptive to the message. It's a missed opportunity.
An entertaining, funny, angry, thought-provoking journey.
Maher interviews and ridicules the devout as though he were God. This may be arrogant and paradoxical, especially for an agnostic-atheist--but it makes for often hilarious entertainment.
As intellectually dishonest toward religion as Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed was in the other direction.
Fearless as a fatwa and subtle as a Second Coming, Religulous is a revelation.
It's a film that's destined to make a lot of people mad, but Maher, for all his showy atheistic 'doubt,' isn't just trying to crucify religion -- he truly wants to know what makes it tick. He leaves no stone tablet unturned.
This movie doesn't seriously explore how religion affects politics; it's just a snide attack on religious belief.
Religulous is a film that aims for laughs, not a scientific survey of the roots of faith.
Maher's Michael Moore-style ambushes, though staged with less panache than the master's, are incisive and often laugh-out-loud funny, even if his targets often seem more like kooks and dimwits than serious theologians.
...while [Maher's] amused analyses of the basic tenets of multiple faiths are, indeed, funny and true, he'll be mostly singing to the choir of doubters he claims makes up America's largest minority..
Maher ridicules all religions except the 3rd largest, Hinduism, and 4th largest, Buddhism. Maher should praise Buddha for inventing a religion without a God. Maher ends preaching.
Being snarky and smug doesn't equate to providing insight, and there's more than one occasion when the filmmakers lose sight of this in their zeal to spread the Gospel According to Maher.
Employs a debilitating brand of smug disingenuousness, feigning interest in discussion while arrogantly and speciously preaching in the very same manner that its subjects are ridiculed for.
Maher makes it a point to focus on normal, reasonably sane religious people. He's not stacking the deck in his favor, because he doesn't need to.
Maher's holy trinity comes in the form of the words 'I don't know' and it's the lesson he wants to shout from the pulpit, even if there's some arrogance in believing that he knows everyone else is wrong.
...Religulous begins to seriously run out of steam somewhere past the halfway mark, as the repetitive nature of the movie's structure becomes increasingly tough to take.
Maher's journey's not about finding out what makes religious people tick, but about using the tics of mostly fringe religious people to prop up the thesis Maher came in with.
It's a funny film about some depressing things, it's a lighthearted tour through terrorism, injustice and intolerance. But those contradiction and challenges are, ultimately, what make the film linger uneasily in your mind.
An often hilarious but relentlessly shallow attack on religious fundamentalism by humorist Bill Maher.
A blunt satiric object applied to delicate subject matter, Religulous is a consistently funny if one-sided putdown of society's blind devotion to its religious faiths.
"Religulous" (rhymes with ridiculous) is a funny, debate-provoking movie that dares to question fundamental beliefs that have been foisted on societies in order to enable brutality and prejudice in the name of a higher power. It's a call for humanity to g
In a string of frank, often hilarious but always well-considered conversations with various Christians, Maher incisively asks them exactly what skeptics always ponder about religion in general and Christianity in particular.
As a piece of agitprop op-ed filmmaking, Religulous is often brilliant. It's definitely hilarious, sometimes to the point of leaving me wheezing and giggling.
Religulous is no model for journalistic excellence, but it probably needn't be. It is more an opportunity for Maher to showcase his competent comic delivery than to win hearts and minds.








@highlight

Religulous is funny and offensive in equal measure, and aims less to change hearts and minds than to inspire conversation.