Lacks the post-modern touches of Pixar and The Lego Movie, and that's the big problem with this time-travelling romp - it already feels dated.
This was a movie that had a lot of heart to it and had a lot of thought to it, it just happened to be a movie about talking dogs.
At heart, the film looks at history with a bout of fun.
The 3D animation from Dreamworks is excellent, the voice cast led by Ty Burrell is spot-on, but it's the clever gags that make this silliness a hoot.
Parents will smirk at the cameos from King Tut, Agamemnon and Marie Antoinette, while kids will be kept spellbound and accidentally learn a few useful facts too.
Mr. Peabody and Sherman may feel like it's ticking the curriculum boxes at times, but you've got to admire it for trying to be educational as well as entertaining.
Like The Lego Movie, Mr. Peabody and Sherman is a story about learning to be your best self, and it's nearly as sharp and just as funny.
Throughout, the film remains one spunky wall-to-wall action film with several one-liners and lots of attitude.
Mr. Peabody & Sherman is a well-made film that carries a broad appeal.
A flawless remake that maintains the eccentric tone and wit of the original animated shorts.
This film is inventive, fascinating and endearing but also sketch-lite, a trifle dull in colour-muting 3D and emotionally detached.
This DreamWorks release avoids emotion in favor of toon-time movement.
I'll be doggoned if 'Mr. Peabody & Sherman' isn't a refreshing 'paws' from the run-of-the-mill movies that often serve as family entertainment
The film has an excellent pro-education, pro-history, pro-science, pro-geek, pro-nerd, pro-smart message, a swathe of historical tidbits, and awesome progressive details such as a schoolmate in a wheelchair for no plot reason (and never commented on).
...a vehicle that's as empty as it is entertaining.
The film has been a monster hit, so it's doing its dance with the demographic the way its supposed to. Still, one wonders whether fans of the original show will go with the bandwagon. This reviewer found the film plastic and too predictable.
Mr. Peabody proudly announces "there's no doubt about it...every dog should have a boy." And every boy (and girl) should go see "Mr. Peabody & Sherman."
The Mr. Peabody and Sherman segments that aired on The Rocky & Bullwinkle Show were brief, witty, and charmingly slight, but this big-screen version is long, loud, and visually exhausting.
Too dull and mediocre to be interesting or interestingly bad.
Much of the time travel stuff is rushed with too much being squeezed into its 90 minute duration.
I thought it was really sweet. We've seen a couple of movies about adoption lately and there's something very sweet about that whole scenario as well.
It's a pleasant, often amusing, family film with lots of kid-friendly jokes and puns but also plenty of references that will go over the heads of the smaller members of the audience.
Everything moves at a brisk pace, the voice cast has plenty of talent, and there's no shortage of witty lines.
What's more surprising is how much of the original's spirit DreamWorks is able to inject into a feature film that'll entertain young 'uns as well as potentially cynical parents.
Nevertheless, it breezes by in a whoosh of colour, fan and good humour that will win it more friends than enemies.
The film expands the material to feature length without sacrificing some solid laughs and nostalgic charm.
It is a very sweet story, with plenty of humor and adventure too. The characters are well developed. The artwork is colorful and vivid.
Full of clever, sweet and invention, Mr Peabody & Sherman is proof of the old adage (in reverse) that every dog should have a boy
Father and son relationships, time travel and being a dog have never been so much fun as in this witty, hilarious 3D animation adventure that will have the whole family barking happy
maintains just enough of the irreverent charm and ironic humor of the crudely drawn original series to balance out the sleekness of its new digital presentation
Mr. Peabody and Sherman won't score much in the originality department, but everything else? Aces across the board.
It does right enough by the characters to please older fans, while also having enough appeal to capture the interest of children previously unacquainted with them.
I had a good time with Mr. Peabody & Sherman. It's funny, clever, well-made, entertaining and even a little touching without succumbing to outright gooeyness.
The father-son emotional arc is a clunky and strained framework to the zippy entertainment, but like historical accuracy, it's very easy to ignore.
Elevates intelligence to superhero status. In this dumbed-down era that's a breath of fresh air from the good old 1950s.
as a lark for children that might give them some interest in the history of the world, Mr. Peabody & Sherman definitely does its job
Mr. Peabody & Sherman has a heart and mind but the film is still a second-tier contender when compared with similar CGI animated movie offerings.
Energetic and very, very funny, with theme-park-ride action sequences and bathroom humor to occupy kids and witty puns aimed at adults.
A cinematic appraisal of equality and openness that happily overthrows some well established myths and presumptions.
Punny time-travel adventure with lots of comic peril.
"Mr. Peabody & Sherman" is delightfully charming and fun for children of all ages.
I can live with the puns --- far better than a movie full of gross jokes based on bathroom humor.
Back in his day, Mr. Peabody was a dog whose over-civility had bite. Now he's a genius you want to cuddle with.
The prospect of the two needing each other, but being separated by uncaring bureaucrats, might be poignant, if it weren't handled so loudly and brainlessly[.]
This is one of the most entertaining rides your family can take...bring grandpa along to remind you about Rocky, the proud father of a dead moose!
Along with the brilliance that was "The Lego Movie", "Mr. Peabody and Sherman" help to make animated features the bright spot in a young 2014 movie year.
More puns, less story, please.
If only someone had a time machine they could use to go back and show the finished film to the creative team two years ago so they could fix all the things that don't work. Ah, if only.
Kids will love it. Adults -- especially those growing up on the original -- will enjoy the bazillion puns, marvelous wordplay and sense of humor.
At its heart, 'Mr. Peabody & Sherman' is indeed a father-son story, and a pretty good one. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
sharp, smart, and not afraid to embrace the silliness of its idiom, nor to use words of more than three syllables with impunity.
"I forbid you from fighting in the Trojan War!" It's something any father would say to his son, provided that the pair regularly traveled through time.
Despite...drawbacks, Mr. Peabody & Sherman captures much of the manic, surrealistic fun of the original cartoons.
Fifty years ago, animated entertainment was a lot quieter. But that was my "Mr. Peabody & Sherman." This is someone else's. And it should give them, and even a few open-minded parents, almost just as much giggly fun.
Designed to make a kid wonder why a throwaway joke about Einstein struggling with a Rubik's Cube is so darn funny.
It's better than OK, and a few elements sing; but overall it frustrates. Its delights come from its willingness to depart from formula, but formula still rules it.
Mr. Peabody & Sherman has a cool, midcentury-modern look (dog and boy live in a populuxe Manhattan penthouse) and a voice cast that may not be A-list but fits the bill nicely.
Mr. Peabody is fast-paced and jammed with rib-poking historical references, but it couldn't be called witty, even on the broadly winking level of the original cartoon.
...a family film in the true sense. It is something that will appeal to all ages, even if your kids are laughing at different jokes than you are.
Wright introduces a central plot that steadily diminishes the promise of the more episodic narrative established in the beginning.
This swirling, pun-heavy time-traveling farce gets its smartly written part-wacky/part-sweet tone exactly right.
Smarmy, overblown, dumbed down, and off-kilter.
The film's saving grace is its character design and use of 3D techniques to speed things up in every sense when the plot starts to flag.
You care about the characters and the relationships, and it's funny. Adult funny.
Swift, peppy and defiantly unendearing, DreamWorks' latest toon updates the zany adventures of the time-traveling dog-and-his-boy sideshow from 'Rocky and Bullwinkle.
"Mr. Peabody & Sherman" is enjoyable enough, though it lacks the sophistication of its source material and doesn't distinguish itself from the current crop of animated movies.
Mr. Peabody would make some awful pun here about how the film is "doggone good."
Historians may blanch at the liberties taken here, but the spirit of the thing -- the way it champions intellectual curiosity and critical thinking -- warmed this nerd's heart tremendously.
Most of the vocal performers are promising, from Ty Burrell and Max Charles as Mr. Peabody and Sherman to Stephen Colbert and Leslie Mann as Penny's parents.
The 92-minute film keeps up a frantic pace that should provide equal amusement for both kids and parents -- though perhaps not dogs, who may feel a bit self-conscious.
For all the ways the film reflects its earlier TV incarnation, the shadings have been softened. "Mr. Peabody" could use a bit more bite.
I can't think of the last time I've had as much fun with a kinetic, confident time-travel comedy. Probably the original Bill & Ted.
Although possessed of several frantic, breathless action-based sequences, the film seems to possess the same appealing nerdy effeteness of the goofy TV shorts, comedically riffing on ancient history the same way lesser animated films riff on pop culture.
Frantically paced by director Rob Minkoff ("The Lion King") and making very effective use of 3D - Hey! Get that sword out of my face! - the movie will surely appeal to kids.
Mr. Peabody & Sherman is slight, but it's exceedingly charming, making good use of a talented voice cast that includes Stephen Colbert, Leslie Mann, Mel Brooks as Freud, and Stanley Tucci as Leonardo Da Vinci.
Kids of all ages are sure to enjoy this visually splendid, fast-paced blast through the past.
Happily, the fallout results in Peabody, Sherman, and Penny all getting caught up in WABAC-machine zaniness together.
Burrell and Max Charles set the tone with spot on vocal work, Burrell's dry, studious delivery mixed with the joy of teaching and pleasurably groan-inducing puns.
Following the lead of the '60s cartoon on which it's based, "Peabody" finds a clever way to appeal to both children and the adults who bring them.
endearing eye candy posing as entertaining education, which was the intention of this material all along
The movie has trouble stitching together disjointed episodes into a coherent narrative. Thanks to a strong voice cast, however, the characters retain their charm throughout.
You'll need not only your own WABAC machine, but also a shower.
Peabody may be the embodiment of intellect, but it's his sweet soul that comes across strongest in the film.
Burrell doesn't quite capture the wry deadpan of the original, but then, neither does the movie. That's okay.
"Mr. Peabody and Sherman" teaches a older pop-culture dog some new tricks, and if the results need a little refinement, it's still fun to watch the attempt.
What a relief to see that while "Mr. Peabody's" visuals are enhanced to sleek 21st-century standards, the essential charm of the series survives more or less intact.
At the very least, Mr. Peabody & Sherman is a reminder that Hollywood's obsession with reboots/revivals/re-imaginings can be done right.
Needing to fill an extra 85 minutes, the filmmakers clumsily explore the characters' therapeutic needs.
The film's animation design is strictly generic in its rounded edges and dutiful 3-D IN YOUR FACE!!! gimmicks. And the story gets off to such a sour start, it takes a long time for the comedy to recover.
Mr. Peabody & Sherman front-loads the duo's adventures with one-dimensional, lowest-common-denominator conflicts as the canine genius and his preteen companion zigzag through antiquity with a comedian's, rather than a historian's, eye for detail.
A smart, funny and beautifully designed feature ...
Has its less inspired stretches, but for the most part it's charming and funny, a nostalgia trip that should also appeal to newcomers.
I'm surprised the filmmakers didn't kick caution in the you-know-what and call the movie, Mr. Peabody & Sherman and Butts.
[It] retains the main characters, the WABAC machine, the trips through history - but not the sense of nuttiness that made the TV cartoon so delightful.
This DreamWorks Animation production, directed by Rob Minkoff ("Stuart Little," "The Lion King") from a screenplay by Craig Wright, is not perfect, but it is fast-moving, intermittently witty and pretty good fun.
Unlike the whimsical, slapstick-driven shorts on which it's based, this feature-length adaptation adds an obligatory emotional arc that feels at odds with the zany spirit of historical time-travel tales.
If only there was a WABAC machine for screenwriting.
Mr. Peabody & Sherman might be well-executed and educational, but it struggles to juggle very adult themes with its over-the-top humor.
Puns plus potty humor equals Peabody. Still, it's hard to resist the bespectacled brainiac dog and his beloved boy.
The film spent roughly a dozen years in development, and the moronic, corporate detritus from that long time warp is strewn about like so many improbable history lessons.
If you ever thought that semi-sincere message-mongering has destroyed many a family picture, the wasted potential of 'Mr. Peabody & Sherman' will make you want to build your own time machine and do it right before the sequels screw it up as well.
Fart jokes for the kids, puns and comical twists on history for parents. Sometimes slow, but a warm, witty and sentimental treat.
Minkoff's film is lively and sharp, full of adventures with suspenseful danger that are resolved through smart ideas and a thoughtful, sometimes sarcastic understanding of history.
...the humor here is forced and the story fails to create much more than a forgettable time waster.
Delightfully zany and surprisingly educational - for kids and their parents.
Wonderfully, sweetly geeky, and full of charm, authentic humor, and the sort of goofy yet intriguing adventures that inspire kiddie curiosity in history and art and science.
There are jokes for both young and old, it really is educational, and if you don't smile every time Mr Peabody's little tail starts wagging, then... well, there's no hope for you as a human being.
Kids seemed to love the action and fast pace while the historical references and humour add plenty for older kids and adults.
DreamWorks' latest animated feature is an engagingly witty, if bizarre affair about a hyper-intelligent dog, Mr Peabody, and the young boy, Sherman, he adopts.
Few will recall their time-travelling adventures from the 50s and 60s, but the update is surprisingly bright, sweet and suitable for its target audience.
Despite top-notch visuals and versatile voice-work from Ty Burrell's doting doggy dad and Alison Janney's monstrous social worker, it lacks the Up-style warmth to be best in show.
Offers a fairly consistent stream of sight gags and vocal slapstick, even as the plot veers wildly down a wormhole in the time-space continuum.
Featuring a script studded with good-bad puns, Mr Peabody & Sherman is energetic, thoughtful and genuinely touching.
Director Rob Minkoff (The Lion King) strains too hard for his emotional sucker punch, crassly scored to John Lennon's Beautiful Boy no less; but, that aside, you'll be wagging your tail with pleasure.
Part time-trip extravaganza, part father/son bonding story, Rob Minkoff's film is cleverly written, warm-hearted, fast-paced and fun.
It's actually based on characters from Sixties TV series The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show, yet there's nothing dusty about the first 60 minutes of the script (the ending drags but hey, you can't have everything).
With a constant barrage of hilarious visual and verbal gags, this riotous animated adventure might entertain adults more than kids. Although youngsters will enjoy the whizzy pace and manic 3D animation.
A bespectacled, bow-tie wearing beagle with a genius IQ and a penchant for terrible puns... Erudite, pedantic, prissily formal, he sounds a lot like Niles from Frasier but he'd make a great Dog-tor Who.
It's a headspinningly wacky premise, and it takes a little while for the audience to get up to speed, but once this is achieved, there's an awful lot of unexpected fun to be had, boasting zany adventures with various historical figures.
Just when I had given up on digimated kiddie comedies - too scary with those plasticky, sheeny bodies running amok on a polychrome planet Earth - here comes a time-travel story with charm, style and even wit.
Informative, witty and surprisingly moving, this is everything you can ask for from half-term viewing.
[A] delightfully batty and warm-hearted adventure.
Charming, inventive and very funny, this is a hugely entertaining adventure that should appeal to both adults and children, thanks to a witty script, a superb voice cast, lively animation and some impressive 3D effects.
A barkingly enjoyable ride.
There's a good-hearted father and son tale at the heart of the madness here, but the surroundings are sometimes a little too silly for true greatness.
It's sweet-natured and amusing, with a story to captivate kids; yet the script has enough witty touches to keep adults laughing too.
It rather puts things into perspective to note that 20 years ago this film's director Rob Minkoff raised the bar for animated storytelling as co-director of The Lion King. How times have changed.
Complimenting the enchanting, venturesome nature of the story, a strong balance has been achieved with this title, as a film that's touching, funny and educational.
An action-packed animated romp that will attract - and maybe even educate - a young audience, and might even strike a chord with reluctant older adults who recall the original cartoons from the 1960s.
Witty, beautifully animated and surprisingly educational, DreamWorks' time-travelling adventure should impress kids and parents in equal measure.

@highlight

Mr. Peabody &amp; Sherman offers a surprisingly entertaining burst of colorful all-ages fun, despite its dated source material and rather convoluted plot.