It goes much deeper than The Godfather in analyzing the twisted mentalities of these men who pervert the capitalist system for their own gain. The film is richer in texture and gives more evidence of social awareness.
An admirable, responsible production, less emotionally disturbing than its predecessor, but a grand historical epic studying the nature of power in the United States' heritage.
There are, in fact, a great many good things to look at in the film. But they don't add up to anything very impressive. I came away with the feeling I had been shown somebody's family-snapshot album with all the pictures pasted up in the wrong order.
One of the greatest sequels ever.
The result is among the very greatest American films.
Breathtaking in scope, Part II also shows the early life of the Don, brilliantly portrayed by Robert De Niro, as he flees Sicily and sails for New York. These sequences have the grandeur of a silent movie by DW Griffith or Erich von Stroheim.
It is even better than the first film, and has the greatest single final scene in Hollywood history, a real coup de cinéma.
Either taken alone or together with the original, The Godfather Part II is an astounding work.
Arguably better than the original, this is still an amazing film.
The plotting is elliptical and the sweep intoxicates, but the contrast between De Niro's meditative Vito and Pacino's soul-starved eyes brings piercing focus to Coppola's resonating study of corrupting power.
That lasting popularity isn't a fluke; the "Godfather" films stand the test of time because these aren't just movies, they're cultural touchstones.
One of the most ambitious and brilliantly executed American films, a landmark work from one of Hollywood's top cinema eras.
This film has an even broader scope than the original, but does not fail in its depiction of small, intimate moments and surprising emotional reveals.
It delves deeper into the Corleone mythology, past the romanticism, to deliver an epic and intelligent tragedy.
From start to finish, this is filmmaking at its most immortal.
This is quite simply one of the saddest movies ever made, a tale of loss, grief and absolute loneliness, an unflinching stare into the darkest moral abyss.
A rare sequel that is even better than the original 1972 The Godfather, largely due to the superb performances by De Niro (as the young Brando character), Pacino, who here assumes the lead, and the rest of the ensemble.
Instead of sitting in the shadow of the original Godfather, the Godfather Part II added to to the epic and made it even greater.
Part II is brilliant, but not for kids.
Often ranked as the greatest movie sequel ever produced, The Godfather: Part II follows Al Pacino's Michael Corleone as he teams up with gangster Hyman Roth (Lee Strasberg) in an effort to expand his empire into the lucrative world of gambling.
Not once does Pacino overtly ask for the audience's sympathy, but through a disciplined, suggestive performance he dominates the film.
Although it runs a bit long, The Godfather: Part II is still an excellent film.
While I'm sure profits were a big part of the conversation the Paramount suits had when deciding to green-light The Godfather Part II, but Coppola didn't go out and bastardize the franchise. Far from it.
...an epic landscape of events and an exquisite tapestry of characterizations.
It's not Shakespearean, but it's tragic.
The greatest sequel ever made. Probably.
The Paramount release has everything going for it.
Shadows lurk throughout the movie, as they do over the Corleones' lives.
Francis Ford Coppola pulls it off in grand style.
A mesmerizing sequel that explores the parallels in the life of father and son.
A rare sequel to a great film that recaptures and expands upon the mastery of its predecessor.
O segundo ato da obra máxima do Cinema.
The performances, Gordon Willis' memorably gloomy camerawork, the stately pace and the sheer scale of the story's sweep render everything engrossing and so, well, plausible that our ideas of organised crime in America will forever be marked by this movie.
A rarity: a sequel as great as its A+ predecessor. A powerhouse film.
A rare sequel that surpasses its classic source.
De Niro makes a great Vito, and seems to channel Marlon Brando as he transforms into the Don. While compelling in their own right, these flashbacks provide a break from Michael's single-mindedness, and clearly outline the similarities between the two men.
Could this somehow be even better than "The Godfather"? Decide for yourself while I go watch both movies.
The stunning text of The Godfather is replaced in Part II with prologues, epilogues, footnotes, and good intentions.
This is nothing short of magisterial.
Quite possibly the best sequel ever. EVER.
Quite possibly the best sequel ever made...
A rich, fully realized epic.
The best sequel of all time.
One of the best sequels ever made.
It's a second movie made largely out of the bits and pieces of Mr. Puzo's novel that didn't fit into the first. It's a Frankenstein's monster stitched together from leftover parts. It talks. It moves in fits and starts but it has no mind of its own.
[It] not only lived up to the artistic and dramatic excellence of the first film, but in many ways surpassed it.
The corruption of Michael Corleone reaches its climax in this, the only proper conclusion to the Godfather saga.
Each story on its own would work better. Together, it makes it harder to get involved in any of them.
El Padrino II es una pintura fantástica y detallada de la naturaleza del mal.
This film is yet another classic of American Cinema.
The Mother of All Sequels: a film at once both greater and lesser than its predecessor
Unlike many critics, I don't feel the sequel has the weight of the original
Director Francis Ford Coppola destroys the rule that says all sequels are vastly inferior to the originals
The only sequel to win an Oscar for best picture.
Few sequels have expanded upon the original with the faithfulness and detail of this one.
Even if the 1972 film The Godfather had not been made, its sequel would still be a monumental achievement.
Rare is the sequel that equals the film that spawned it.
I am a big fan of both pictures, but prefer the original slightly for its originally and the intensity of the character's emotions.
Coppola was given a free hand with this sequel, and his deft directorial touches are everywhere, particularly in the earlier historical sequences.
The Godfather, Part II (1974) of the Godfather trilogy continues the saga of the Corleone Family, serving as both a prologue and a sequel,
Both a sequel and more than an equal to one of the greatest films of all time.
A true classic, one of the pillars of modern cinema.











@highlight

Drawing on strong performances by Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, Francis Ford Coppola's continuation of Mario Puzo's Mafia saga set new standards for sequels that have yet to be matched or broken.