... the scene in the bar, which is heard from two different perspectives, is remarkable. [Full review in Spanish]
Decidedly different from super-budget, superhero fare, this one is sometimes sappy but mostly engaging and definitely driven by music.
Somehow, none of it quite gels. There's no need for a romance - actually, I applaud Carney for avoiding that cliché - but nothing seems to evolve between Gretta and Dan.
Begin Again is essentially the bubble gum pop version of Inside Llewyn Davis.
For all the doubters out there, take note: Knightley can sing.
It's in parts painfully earnest, never more so than when Ruffalo sees instruments come to life while Knightley plays alone onstage, but it moves along at a nice clip and the recording scenes are shot well.
It hits the sweet spot of love's tortures and love's ability to heal with overly cutesy situations and its fair share of laughs.
Begin Again is the best sort of summer movie, with great performances and a solid core. It's clearly a work that comes from love shared by people who enjoyed making it, and that makes it fun for us to watch out in the audience, too.
The authenticity that was in inherent in "Once" is lost here on a cast of movie stars, and the music isn't quite good enough to elevate a cloying screenplay.
Begin Again is a delight, not only because of its infectious musical vitality but because it follows the unexpected forks in the road.
It's not nearly as good as "Once" but still very charming and entertaining.
Gretta's own songs aren't the type to grab you by the throat, but performed with soulful sweetness by Knightley they slowly sink their hooks into you, just like the film itself.
This movie is inspired by the success of the film 'Once', written and directed by John Carney. Carney's new movie has a similar story, but this time, with more money, better music and actors, he's made a better film.
John Carney's retread never gets close to replicating the stunning emotional core of Once. But for those seeing Begin Again from a fresh perspective, it's ( ... ) a more light-hearted ( ... ) alternative to the Coen Bros' Inside Llewyn Davis.
The best thing about 'Begin Again' is what it's not. It's not a love story, or at least not a conventional love story; it's more of a friendship story between a man and a woman, which is something we almost never see in movies.
I've seen happier endings in Oklahoma! and Singin' in the Rain, but this one feels genuine - and in an unexpected way, deeply satisfying.
Knightley (supplying her own vocals, more than just competently so, by the way) and Ruffalo have a casual chemistry that works, and Levine is (perhaps unsurprisingly) totally right as a self-absorbed jerk.
I really enjoyed this. It's such a nice surprise, because so many so-called feel-good romantic comedies these days are pretty ordinary but there's something special about this because there's a level of reality to it in the performances in the situations.
There's a freshness to this film.
Bonds born out of art, and specifically music, are nothing new in the movies, but Carney conveys the uniquely exhilarating romance of the creative process behind art like no other filmmaker.
John Carney is not afraid of a cliche. After all, Begin Again is a musical, a genre that has always thrived on them. And he does know how to shape them to his own design, which is low-key and slightly tongue-in-cheek.
Carney's script suffers from more than a few contrivances, but the charm of the performances - both spoken and sung - shines through
Music is the driver of this utterly charming film about songs, lost stars and being alone in New York City
Thankfully Begin Again doesn't take the predictable routes; it seems to actively reject the easy romantic tropes.
People who love music, people who love great films, and people who love both, are sure to love 'Begin Again,' an exquisite film by John Carney, who wrought the equally superb 'Once.'
The film comes alive when the focus is on the music. There's a heartfelt authenticity to the production numbers.
A hugely satisfying ode to entrepreneurial creativity, and a glorious love letter to New York City and the art it inspires. I love this movie so much.
You'll find a mismatched pair to pull for and a lot of sincerity in this musical romance by the creator of Once.
In its best moments - which are not infrequent - is appealing mostly on the backs of watching interesting, capable people going on with their business in an engaged, focused manner.
This is the kind of film that lifts your spirits. If you've had a bad day or are generally feeling down, it will cheer you up. If you're already feeling happy, it will make you even happier.
Makes for a pleasant time killer about how music brings people together.
The trouble with this movie -- aside from its lack of visual wonder and musical shape -- is that you don't trust its priorities.
...breezy and consistently watchable...
a light and dancing comedy about fresh starts
A mostly pleasant but deeply flawed little film that gets by on its stars and a sense of generosity.
Another sappy but engaging musical fable from the Irish writer and director John Carney, who made "Once."
I found it moving, funny and really rather charming, provoking more than enough laughter and tears to dispel my underlying anxieties about the "live" performances.
The wholesome, hopeful, let's-put-on-a-show enthusiasm may sound hokey but it's actually infectiously joyful. At the same time, Carney roughs up the edges just enough to make this fairy tale seem somewhat accessible and realistic.
The result is a film that, while fitting into various great traditions, still bears the unmistakable thumbprint of a singular film-maker.
Carney's latest isn't quite the equal of Once, but who could have twice bottled that lightning?
Irish writer-director John Carney is a master at depicting musicians on the cusp of something special.
This soulful outing is sure to please music lovers. And isn't that everyone?
Keira Knightley sings and so does the movie!
A decent feel-good flick that features also decent music. The real reason to see it is the acting especially that of Mark Ruffalo who gives a career best performance.
A cheery charmer that brings a smile to the face.
Fans of Once - or, indeed, anyone with a heart - will be swept away by the gentle, sweet-but-sad story.
Begin Again is a not-entirely-successful movie about not selling out; it's a theme that must concern Carney deeply.
It's a movie that is painfully sincere and free of guile, with as close to a happy ending as these characters could ever get. If you like musicals, well, here's a good one.
The gentle lightning of Once doesn't strike twice for Carney, but his latest music movie has charm beneath its slick surface - and Knightley and Ruffalo harmonise just fine.
Keira Knightley plays Greta, a Norah Jones-like singer-songwriter... It's a typically brave performance from an actress who is always prepared to try anything.
At times, the scenes are so canned they feel like soap opera. But the movie does have its fair share of decent moments thanks to Ruffalo and co-star Catherine Keener.
It's all a bit easy - though quite nicely performed - and Knightley is never entirely convincing ...
Can a meaningful glance mean as much as a kiss? In this film, it can, and that's enough.
No matter how thin the drama, or thick the performances, the film's firefly-in-a-jar, midsummer night's whimsy and heart-on-its-sleeve optimism hath charms ...
Keira Knightley brings a sweet soul to John Carney's delightful sort-of sequel to his low-fi hit, Once.
The film is a fairy tale: sentimental but enjoyable if you put a few protective fingers in front of your face to avoid being slurped to death.
Ruffalo comes on heavy with the shambolic self-pity, but seems just right for the character he's playing. Knightley, except for the dismayingly tense jaw-cortortion of her singing routines, positively shines.
John Carney returns with another feature-length music video, turning the surprising charm of his debut, Once, a novel take on the modern musical romance, into a shameless gimmick. Just call it Twice.
Knightley's bullish Britishness and Ruffalo's bruised charm provide a pleasingly gentle, unsentimental chemistry and, heck, there's even James Corden on a kazoo.
The songs, then, are make-or-break, and the track list Carney and Gregg Alexander have produced is a triumph: mellow summer pop and wistful, stripped-down ballads arranged around Knightley's surprisingly alluring vocals.
Begin Again is a New York fairytale but a fairly irresistible one thanks to the actors.
For what is essentially a quite predictable endeavour for Carney, Begin Again does certainly throw in the odd surprise or two, particularly where the romantic narrative is concerned.
You can't really blame writer-director John Carney for trying, but despite a few very nice moments, this bigger, slicker follow-up mostly argues that Once should have been enough.
All round, it is more contrived and self-aware in order to make certain redemptions seem richer, but there are some clever scenes, and it is a nice, uplifting, tuneful, often funny and enjoyable film.
Carney knows exactly what he's doing here and knows exactly what real people can't do.
Keira Knightley's singing voice, a little too girlish, a bit too breathy yet somehow still lovely, is Begin Again at its essence.
Its soft-rock bonhomie [prevails] over a story that often registers as trite or naive.
Part of the problem is the change of location; what seemed enchanting in Dublin feels twee in New York.
Fans of the Oscar-winning 2006 Irish film Once (and its more recent stage-musical adaptation) may find this American drama a little derivative, but it's a strong story in its own right.
Knightley and Ruffalo make for one of the most unusual engaging couples of the year.
"Once" again - buy the soundtrack.
The movie is moderately obsessed with the ideal of authenticity, which is a rather awkward position to champion given that it is a calculatedly more-commercial, less-authentic variation of a film, Once, that Carney had already made.
With its cornball narrative and unlikely developments, Begin Again is about as grounded in reality as How to Train Your Dragon 2. Yet the picture is so warmhearted and generous of spirit that it's easy to overlook its contrivances.
It's so schizophrenic, it's like listening to a discombobulated speed freak recalling his life story. But in haphazardly mixing narrative styles, Carney cannot create enough of a diversion to disguise the fact that 'Begin Again' is merely another 'Once.'
Sincerity is missing, replaced by routine and miscasting, and while the songs are pulled off with polish, the rest of the screenplay flounders, hunting for emotional harmony that's never truly believable.
Begin Again doesn't fully trust the magic Dan sees in music and, as a result, too often reverts to the banal of declaring what doesn't need to be said.
The cast is, to a person, so likable and chummy that you want everyone to succeed. And the songs are hook-laden, easygoing numbers that are genuinely enjoyable.
Once was enough. Twice is pushing it.
It's no Once - hell, it's not even Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist - but if one is willing to accept the poppy indulgence of it all, Begin Again is equally easy on the eyes and ears. In other words, it's the Maroon 5 of movies.
Begin Again is a more polished studio effort with much bigger stars, and yet it recaptures much of the magic that made Once so special.
There is an air of fantasy to the film, but there's far less cheap sentimentality than one might expect.
Your heart and feet won't be able to resist what might be called-despite the assumed objections of author Nick Hornby-a High Fidelity for the iPod generation.
There has to be a little bit of magic in 'Begin Again;' how else can I explain getting sucked into a movie I've seen a thousand times before?
I've always really like Ruffalo and especially Knightley as performers and they bring just the right touches to their characters not only to make them seem human, but also able to engage most viewers. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Doggedly indie but unpretentious, "Begin Again" is one of the best movies I've seen about the music industry and the ways it changes people whose paths diverge.
In a complete reversal from "Once," it's the story, not the songs, that carries "Begin Again."
Begin Again is corny, improbable and generally a great deal of fun.
Basically, it's the cinematic equivalent of purchasing an entire album, enjoying the entire thing, but over time realizing that you only care for about half the songs.
"Begin Again" sets out to be a feel-good movie and, despite such obvious intentions, it thoroughly succeeds.
Can a song save your life? And can an impossibly mushy, mawkish movie make you feel good? The answer to the second question, anyway, is yes.
Carney is wonderful at evoking the joy of music, its healing powers, and the way it connects us to each other and the universe.
A movie that mocks artistic sellouts and then sells out itself is like a cop who chases a criminal before accepting a bribe to let him go.
"Begin Again" may not always swing, but it makes up for that in sincerity and a welcome willingness to ambush expectations.
"Begin Again" is pleasantly predictable if you're in an undemanding mood. If you're not, it's unbearable, like hearing a treasured folk song given a Hot 97 makeover.
Carney is on to something in "Begin Again," some handle on a particular truth he's exploring, and he remains faithful to it through the finish.
Carney deserves great credit for the movie's clever, layered structure, and for resisting a few obvious plot turns along the way. Lightning doesn't strike, but sunshine works, too.
Knightley brings emotional confusion into sharp, touching focus as the pair bond over nighttime strolls and the shared love of classic pop. Carney flips film clichés to keep us guessing.
"Begin Again" is an ode to the indie-rock spirit, but its music -- written by Carney and others -- is as safe, smooth and Starbucks-friendly as Norah Jones.
Another nice musical spin by Carney on the conventions of quasi-romantic dramedy.
The elements of the story interlace in delightful, heartwarming, human ways, all led by the music.
Boy already met girl, girl already left boy, that was "Once." What can a filmmaker do after that? John Carney doesn't fully succeed Twice, but there are sweet and knowing moments throughout his latest romance about songwriting and a city.
Born Again's most glaring weakness, however, comes from the mere fact that this has already been done, better, by the same filmmaker. It's nice to see him exploring similar material, but if you've seen Once, you've already seen the superior film.
a wistful breeze of a film, the perfect antidote to summer's cacaphonous blockbusters.
Exactly the inspiring, uplifting movie I needed to see this month. It has been a rough summer, so I needed to be reminded that there's always room for new inspiration and new relationships.
The first great American film this year that can't be turned into a video game. It deserves to become a sleeper hit, and has a well-balanced blend of commercial and art-house qualities.
Overall a darling, unassuming film that strikes powerfully resonant emotional chords.
Both Ruffalo and Knightley are perfect in their respective roles; in lesser hands, their characters could have become too predictable, too cliched.
Enough satisfying chemistry between its two leads as well as another terrific soundtrack, which makes it easier to overlook some of its less credible moments.
There's plenty of good to watch here, but this time around Carney's soul seems to be missing.
"Begin Again" feels more like a glorified retread of "Once" than something freshly imagined.
Music-heavy film explores reinvention and forgiveness.
Carney's specialty is inching toward clichés, backing away from them, and inching back. He's not as pure as he thinks he is, but the footsie is very entertaining.
"Begin Again" makes for easy-breezy entertainment.
There's something charming, even comforting about its predictability, and sweet about its tone.
Ruffalo and Knightley make an engaging pair of colleagues and their musical adventure together results in an enchanting, gently funny and occasionally poignant story.
Begin Again [has] an approach that's very commercial, which is ironic when one considers its plot.
Begin Again doesn't quite have the same magic of Once, but it's a sweet and cuddly crowd-pleaser highlighted by a pair of great performances and some catchy tunes.
Just when you are ready to completely write off "Begin Again," the music starts to play, the camera takes it all in and makes us a part of it, and the film's unpersuasive emotions don't seem to matter as much.
A large part of the problem is that the music, which is supposed to provide heart, soul and artistic bona fides, ranges from passable to terrible.
Both laughable and sweet.
It's a film you have to meet at least half-way. but once I did, I reveled in the charm, the romance, and most of all the bevy of terrific songs.
It's rare to find a movie that uses music to define love without sentimentalizing it. But Begin Again, with songs by Glen Hansard and New Radicals frontman Gregg Alexander, is a wonderfully appealing exception.
Earnest to a fault and afraid to say something that's actually honest.
Knightley does fine work, but she's been miscast. Her innate sophistication undermines the movie's intentions right off the bat.
The film's original title was the not-entirely-rhetorical question Can A Song Save Your Life? Carney makes it clear that in his opinion, yes, it can.
Little more than a corny, overstuffed, "let's put on a show" musical.
If "Once" was a bracing blast of cool spring water, "Begin Again" is a can of Fanta. If "Once" was a piano, "Begin Again" is a keytar. If "Once" was Otis Redding, "Begin Again" is Bruno Mars.
This is a real love story that's not about consummation or certainty, a variety we've all experienced in real life that only occasionally shows up in the movies.
A romantic drama that captures and conveys the healing power of music.
Familiar contemporary spin on the "Let's make it in the music biz" sub-genre benefits from an adoring abundance of downtown New York locations and another committed performance from Mark Ruffalo as a seriously distressed former label big shot.
Ms. Knightley isn't remotely believable as a bike-riding pop singer. The saving grace is Mark Ruffalo, the only actor on the premises who shows any grit or passion for his character or for the music business.
False moments far outweigh the genuine ones ...
John "Once" Carney may be replaying his greatest hit here, but Keira sings. Keira sings!
All that prickly inner conflict Ruffalo is so adept at suggesting? Cheery Begin Again wants none of it, offering instead lots of scenes of two characters we don't believe could ever exist arguing about authenticity in pop music.
A sweet, engaging film which, if a tad too shaggy, is a warm, funny change of pace from most summer fare.
An enchanting musical adventure amounting to the best kept cinematic secret of the summer! At least until now.
It's a film that lives in the high and not in the comedown, even though its characters are often stalled and wallowing.
Carney can get himself out of structural strife by populating his film with likeable actors and having them play pleasant music. But only once.
Can a Song Save Your Life? is overproduced, and more than a little fake. But it carries a sweet, and catchy tune that will likely win you over
There are times when the thing you want most is not a big, important movie but a simple, beautiful story told with sensitivity, warmth, humor and a big heart. Times when you don't need a movie to save your life, you just need a movie to make you feel good.
Songs and films save my life every day, and I suspect John Carney's latest will be embraced by audiences everywhere who feel the same way.
I'm glad, I seriously am, that John Carney wants to make deeply and embarrassingly sincere musical movies, and I hope he keeps on making them, but let's also hope he realizes that when it comes to Once, once was enough.
By the end of this movie I was so far in the tank for it that my opinion probably can't be trusted.
For a movie that could have come off like a Hollywood version of something beautiful and tiny, it's actually quite successful.
Another upbeat outing in which characters strum their way through tricky emotional situations.
Moving along at a reasonably engaging pace, it foregrounds the actor's investment in the scenario and makes it relatable.
Could just one number, performed weedily by Keira Knightley at the beginning of this romcom, cause your body to self-combust at the prospect of enduring 90-odd minutes of a movie obsessed with authenticity but as phoney as a Miley Cyrus dance routine?
Will leave a smile on the face of even the most cynical viewers. Impossible not to like.
Plays like an endless and quickly tiresome string of movie montages.
A warm-hearted pleasure with a whole lot of soul, and effortlessly propelled forward by charming and compassionate performances by Keira Knightley and Mark Ruffalo.
The film's quiet pleasures creep up on you.
A lovely story that's sweet, funny and heartfelt -- and man does it sound good.
...director John Carney is traveling over the same ground as he did with Once, though the results are far less potent...Can A Song Save Your Life? is a rhetorical question in the grand scheme of a film that offers little stakes.

@highlight

Writer-director John Carney's return to musical drama isn't quite as potent as it was with Once , but thanks to charming work from its well-matched leads, Begin Again is difficult to resist.