Even if you're like me and find most musical biopics depressingly formulaic, you might think Oliver Dahan's Edith Piaf movie is a slight cut above.
The French, as is widely known, adore suffering. That's why they love Leonard Cohen, Bud Powell, and Jim Thompson.
No regrets for Cottilard's dedication, but plenty for the clichéd pap of the biopic genre
In La Vie en Rose, Marion Cotillard has the role of a lifetime. And she relishes it.
Quite simply, is the best movie I have seen all year.
Marion Cotillard's Oscar win? Totally justified...Many questions remain for those of us unschooled in Piaf lore. I was confused by some of the causes even as I felt the emotional effects, thanks to deep performances.
Much like the colorful life of the film's subject, La Vie en Rose explores the strange and emotional life of torch singer Edith Piaf and gives Marion Cotillard an Oscar for her tremendous performance.
Cotillard joins Ben Kingsley (Gandhi) and Forest Whitaker (The Last King of Scotland) in so completely embodying a role that it seems more possession than performance.
Here is what made the woman tick, if you need facts, find them in a book, if you want to understand her soul, see this film
Acaba funcionando mais como atestado do talento de sua protagonista, Marion Cotillard, do que como um tributo digno da magnífica cantora que esta interpreta.
This isn't the first time Piaf's life has been brought to the screen and it probably won't be the last, but Cotillard makes this particular version stand apart.
Marion Cotillard is the only reason to sit through La Vie En Rose, a biopic that compounds its basic tediousness by fracturing its narrative in a vain effort to mask a stale rise-and-fall arc.
Edith Piaf has plenty of tragedy in her life, so the movie is dark and moody, but it's compelling and Marion Cotillard's performance is impossible to forget.
It's a mixed bag, snippets of Piaf's life in no particular order, crowned by one fantastic performance by Cotillard.
Dahan's film is less an ode or a valentine, more of a spectacle of pity, mainly worth watching for Cotillard.
A relentlessly-depressing, warts-and-all biopic which depicts the untimely demise of a diva due to the toll taken on her body and soul by a combination of unfortunate disasters.
French Edith Piaf biopic sings one lady's blues.
Marion Cotillard is perfection itself in this role.
... one of the best films about a great artist to be made since Milos Forman's Amadeus. Cotillard deserves an Oscar.
Expect nominations for this film.
It follows the same template as all the other biopics but produces better-than-usual results, thanks to a shattering central performance.
Pursued, caught and devoured by the past, [Piaf] nearly shouts the lyric, "Je me fous du passé!": I don't give a damn about the past.
Cotillard's lip-synching of her character singing didn't do it for me.
Una biografía inspirada, que repasa la vida de Edith Piaf desde la emoción y los recuerdos en lugar de ser una mera sucesión de acontecimientos. Marion Cotillard no interpreta a Piaf, es Piaf.
You should regret missing it.
It's early for Oscar baiting but Marion Cotillard's performance as Édith Piaf in La Vie En Rose puts itself on the hook.
I had goosebumps from the very first moment, when Marion Cotillard's Piaf stands centre stage in New York in 1959, singing from her soul. It's an extraordinary performance from an almost unrecognisable Cotillard
This is a surreal and exhausting experience.
Marion Cotillard tears up all the available scenery in this overblown, achronological biopic of French pop singer Edith Piaf.
...this is a remarkably evenhanded, unflatteringly honest depiction of the singer and her devastating last days, played magnificently by virtual unknown Marion Cotillard.
La Vie is a movie so frantic to get to it all that nothing is more than touched on.
Marion Cotillard invests the role with so many tics, exaggerated hand gestures and eye-rolls that it seems she is possessed by the ghost of Geraldine Page.
Marion Cotillard is fantastic. It is the best sync singing, including body language, since Larry Parks in 'The Jolson Story.'
There's no arguing the excellence of the performance at the center of this ambitious and erratic biopic about French singing sensation Edith Piaf.
The film does get a little overwhelmingly dark. This may be an accurate picture of what Piaf's life was like, but watching nearly 2 1/2 hours of it is a bit much.
The constant that makes La Vie en Rose so compelling is Cotillard's dynamic portrayal of Piaf.
I got a familiar gut feeling: There is this year's Oscar-winning best-actress performance.
Piaf's spirit, those evocative songs and Cotillard's impressive work make it compelling. It's not an ideal film, but it has the virtue of the ideal star, and that counts.
The saucer-eyed Cotillard is convincing and astonishing, and she anchors a film that is less show-biz formulaic and more intriguing than its recent American counterparts, 'Walk the Line' and 'Ray.'
La Vie en Rose provides a tantalizing introduction to the tiny dynamo that was Edith Piaf but it's far from being a definitive or enlightening portrait of the famous singer.
It is Marion Cotillard that makes this movie an unforgettable experience.
A hugely entertaining biography of Edith Piaf, featuring a staggering performance by Marion Cotillard.
Filmmaker Olivier Dahan has created many scenes that are quite simply astonishing, and occasionally magical.
This kind of heightened drama might not work in most movies, but it suits its larger-than-life subject: Dahan's La Vie is the movie equivalent of a torch song.
We're given drama and despair at a distance . . . As Piaf, though, Marion Cotillard is remarkable. . . . but Dahan's work never bridges the bitter and sweet chords.
I found myself so completely taken with the work of Marion Cotillard that all of its flaws faded into the background.
Director/writer Olivier Dahan renders Piaf's biography as a soft-serve twirl of gutter spunk and pathos, skating back and forth across the line that separates emotion from sentimentality.
Cotillard holds all this together through sheer force of talent and will and makes Piaf the most likable crazy, morphine-addicted drunk in movie history.
Compelling but punishing -- an artful ordeal. The best way to process it may be as unintended camp, rolling your eyes in amazement at its litany of misery and heaps of histrionics.
Ultimately, the film rests on [Cotillard's] performance. And there's no better homage to a woman who lived for every time she stepped onto stage.
Unfortunately, Olivier Dahan's "emotional journey" through this triumphant but tragic existence leaves us none the wiser about many of the details we'd like to know, or knowing, would like to see on the screen.
The details of the composition, the fluidity of the camera's movement and the magical elision between personal grief and "performed" grief are so confidently organised that one detects the shadow of a much subtler film. I wish that we could have seen it.
If that's not a movie, I don't know what is. A must-see.
The film gets three stars because it's such an impressive production - and of course the soundtrack kicks - but it'll still probably leave you feeling strangely cold.
Marion Cotillard's majestic, uncannily accurate portrayal is the main reason to see a film that makes heavy going of an exceptional life. For all Dahan's lofty ambitions, you leave wishing he'd chosen a more straightforward way to retell Piaf's story.
Marion Cotillard gives her body and soul in the starring role of a striking, grief-ridden biopic of Édith Piaf.
I have to say I regret a few things after watching this formless and weirdly selective bio-pic of Edith Piaf.
Olivier Dahan presents it as a glorious musical soap, and Marion Cotillard's rag-doll charisma is the beauty of the film
Yes, she sings 'Je ne regrette rien', and, yes, we cry. Yet the tears are for the song and the memory of a remarkable artist. They're very little to do with this strenuously crafted yet ultimately bungled 140 minutes of celluloid.
A far-from-rosy life story makes this lengthy biopic entertaining, but despite a strong lead performance it fails to get under Piaf's skin.
Olivier Dahan's sprawling portrait of the life of Edith Piaf is the kind of grand, passionate historical drama that no one seems to be able to pull off any more.
La Vie en Rose will be remembered and acclaimed for Marion Cotillard's incandescent performance.
Don't bother voting. Just give the Oscar to Marion Cotillard now. As the chanteuse Edith Piaf in La Vie en Rose, her acting is the most astonishing I've seen in years.
Largely due to Marion Cotillard's wide ranging and empathetic performance, La Vie en Rose is a powerful and fascinating film.
Superbly directed, thoroughly engaging and emotionally moving biopic with a sensational, Oscar-worthy performance from Marion Cotillard.
For all its florid pretensions and epic length, the film's overwrought take on its subject's not-so-rosy life leaves behind no lasting insight.
Untidy and self-conscious, the movie nevertheless pulls together a vivid portrait of Edith Piaf.
strives to capture the essence of Edith Piaf rather than craft a straight-forward biopic chronicling highlights and greatest hits
Fractured portrait of the singer is centred by some glorious samples of her music and a sterling central performance from Marion Cotillard.
It's not just Cotillard's performance that is astonishing. Those who can't see the brilliance in the rest of this film need to go back to film school.
Vivid and emotional--but also disjointed and melodramatic--Olivier Dahan's Edith Piaf biopic ... is all about Marion Cotillard's passionate performance.
... Marion Cotillard, lip-syncing Piaf's songs and digging into her soul with gale-force urgency, gives a performance for the ages.
Americans are unlikely to 'get her' any more, after watching this movie ...
This 140-minute biopic feels more like an ordeal than a celebration.
... La Vie en Rose uses perceptive filmmaking, as opposed to turgid exposition, to explain its subject's psyche and to cleverly capture the spell she cast over audiences.
It's the acting that elevates the story beyond its biopic trappings.
... one of the best biopics I've seen ...
By the end, when alcohol and drug abuse have reduced Piaf's body to wreckage, the beauty who wooed Russell Crowe in A Good Year looks more like Gollum.
Maybe you've heard that the French actress Marion Cotillard gives a great performance in this Edith Piaf biopic. But that over-flogged adjective doesn't really convey how great her performance is.
Dahan and Cotillard have created an amazing biopic of an extraordinary voice attached to a fragile and fallible woman.
La Vie en Rose is lucky to have Cotillard to hold things together, because it is constantly threatening to implode.
Olivier Dahan's film is both faithful to and freewheeling with the facts of Piaf's life. Much is left out, but the essentials are there.
Wildly uneven. Fully half of writer-director Olivier Dahan's drama sticks to the surface, and even then, many of the factually accurate bits come off as Hollywood lies.
While the film's not perfect, the performance just might be.
[A] simple-minded, cheaply sentimental and unrelievedly lugubrious movie.
A tousled biopic both bleak and disturbing.
La Vie en Rose has some peculiar ellipses.
Rather fussily structured and ostentatiously virtuosic, and one might wish...it had told us even more. But...it's almost worthy of its subject.
a must for Cotillard's soul shredding performance alone, but Dahan's experiment in mixing an artistic approach with a more conventional biopic style is frustrating.
Part of the fascination of La Vie en Rose is the incredible Oscar-worthy performance of Marion Cotillard.
Angry, needy, and almost painfully lovely, Marion Cotillard's Edith Piaf fills all emotional space in La Vie En Rose.
Tighter editing and a more conventional bit of story structure would have made it better.
A gripping look at hard times in pre WWII Paris and a passionate lead performance make this film a must-see for Piaf aficionados around the world.
A remarkable portrait by Marion Cotillard so uncannily rich and detailed it defies description. Screen acting just doesn't get much better than this.
There's a riveting tale within this awkward litany of pivotal moments. Still, despite the film's uneven nature, Cotillard's extraordinary performance is worth experiencing.
Cotillard's riveting performance, distinctive gestures and defiantly wounded body language without ever descending into mere impersonation. It's sometimes wrenching to watch, but it's too gripping to turn away from.
Somewhere between shooting and post-production the film got chopped into tiny, bit-sized pieces reshuffled to such a degree that it becomes hard to follow the narration.
La Vie en Rose is a life seen through a glass tinted darkly, with Cotillard glittering fiercely before the light goes out.
Cotillard is capable of taking something ordinary and transforming it into something special, and that is exactly what she does in La Vie En Rose.
The film belongs to Cotillard, who throws herself into the part.
Marion Cotillard delivers a tour de force as legendary singer Édith Piaf.
It's the role of an actress' lifetime, and Marion Cotillard pretty much knocks it out of the park.
Marion Cotillard is astonishing as the troubled singer in a technically virtuosic and emotionally resonant performance that elevates the material from a somewhat episodic melodrama into something strange and riveting.
A movie that delves into an icon's life and comes out with something unexpected -- the essence of the woman's art and soul.
Cotillard's performance is worth the watch -- particularly for the way she responds to the thankless task of sympathetically depicting the less-than-appealing caricature Piaf becomes toward the end of her life at 47.
A sweepingly melodramatic and, in [director] Dahan's words, 'tragic, romantic blockbuster' of a movie that not only captures the (soap) operatic life of its subject with unflinching honesty but refuses to see her any other way.
What's truly uncanny is the way Cotillard makes you feel as though you are seeing a life not just recreated, but lived. She portrays Piaf as a willful, pathetic, substance-abusing diva, who is also charming, touching and tragically vulnerable.
Cotillard's impersonation of Piaf at different ages is periodically moving but as a whole the performance is no great success. You can't connect the dots between these women. This teenager is this young star is this old woman?
It is hard not to admire Ms. Cotillard for the discipline and ferocity she brings to the role. But it is equally hard to be completely swept up in Mr. Dahan's dutiful, functional and ultimately superficial film.
More a visual-aural poem about Piaf than a definitive bio-epic of Piaf's complex life story.
France's waiflike songbird Edith Piaf gets an involving cinematic treatment by director Oliver Dahan that resembles her messy and traumatic life.
La Vie En Rose operates in a mode of excellence that ultimately becomes more concerned with exploring itself than the subject at hand.
Keeping the film, with its unusual pendulum-like plotting, at an even keel is rather difficult, but director Olivier Dahan manages to do it.
More than a biobic, far more than a musical, this spectacular film is a triumph on so many levels I almost don't even know where to begin.
But at 140 minutes, the biopic is luxuriously long and commits one sin that would have been an anathema to a cabaret artist like Piaf - the lack of variety.
Unlike its subject matter, there's just nothing spectacular or unique about Rose.
[Director Dahan's] approach draws more attention to the filmmaking than it does to the life. Dahan seems to believe that chronology is bourgeois: Pure storytelling is all fine and dandy, but he wants us to know he's making art.
La Vie en Rose honors Piaf's life by refusing to sentimentalize it. The film is long and sometimes harrowing, but also enthralling.
Ms. Cotillard [is] the movie's centerpiece, and its end-all, be-all. It's a spectacular one-woman show, but not really a movie.
Equating an artist's life with her art is often a dubious dramatic ploy, but it makes sense in La Vie En Rose because the content of Piaf's life and the power of her singing are all of a piece.
La Vie En Rose trudges dutifully from one costumed 'defining' event to the next, building to a kind of Piaf theme park that plays out like a bad parody of Dickens or Balzac.
Marion Cotillard is a knockout in this scintillating and soulful musical bio.
Hurtling and impassioned, driven by some of the greatest popular music ever recorded, this wildly overripe and unkempt biopic is a true experience.
The movie, the voice of Piaf, and a performance that turns Marion Cotillard into a great new star shimmer with the kind of beauty, power, intensity and visual opulence you might want to experience again and again.
I left the theater with a resounding headache.
Marion Cotillard's staggering performance is the main event in this Edith Piaf biopic.
Minimizing Piaf's wonderful music diminishes an extraordinary performance by Cotillard. I wanted a concert with the story and didn't get it. Edith would be disappointed.
An astonishing performance by Marion Cotillard as the legendary French chanteuse Edith Piaf whose life was a rollercoaster ride of exhilarating highs and incredibly depressing lows.
Edith Piaf's tidal emotional vulgarity and brutish commitment to the most sentimental chansons is captured accurately and even irresistibly in La Vie En Rose.
Like most cinema chanteuse stories, Olivier Dahan's 'La Vie en Rose' pretties up the sordid, but this film is good for its breed.
Impressively mounted and involving pic should be greeted with applause.
Messy, awkward but often impressive.
Bleak vagabond melodrama made extraordinary by Marion Cotillard's mesmerizing performance. She doesn't play Piaf, she embodies her, lip-sync'ing to recordings.
All I can say is that the total experience left me in tears, albeit also with a feeling of total emotional exhaustion.
Too many shifts back and forth in time but Marion Cotillard gives a towering performance as Edith Piaf.
One of those rare cinematic happenings where every aspect of the production--from key casting and scripting down to the minutest period details--is done to perfection.
A memorable cast, vivid cinematography, crisp and resonant sound recordings, and dramatic storytelling make this a must-see film for fans and novices alike. Though, at 140 minutes, the film may feel like it runs as long as Piaf's tragically short life.
If there is any justice in the world, audiences will flock to see Marion Cotillard offer one of the greatest female screen performances ever seen in the uneven biopic LA VIE EN ROSE.
For Piaf fans, La Vie en Rose is a must-see. For Piaf fans yet-to-be, [writer-directors] Dahan and Cotillard's extraordinary film is an opportunity rich with discovery.
As French legendary icon Piaf, Cotillard gives such an emotioanlly riveting perfromance that she singlehandedly elevates the episodic biopic way above its melodramatic trappings; her perfect lip-synching of je ne regrette rien is amazing to behold
While resonating with the unique breadth and depth of the soulful disarming voice of this nearly mythic chanteuse, the male scrutiny of her more earthbound social and psychological struggles as a woman diminishes the potential to truly illuminate her life
Marion Cotillard gives the performance of a lifetime in Olivier Dahan's fascinating but uneven Edith Piaf biopic La môme (La Vie en Rose).








@highlight

The set design and cinematography are impressive, but the real achievement of La Vie en Rose is Marion Cotillard's mesmerizing, wholly convincing performance as Edith Piaf.