While this isn't anything groundbreaking or earth-shattering, there are a handful of aspects that make A WAR something to see - so long as you don't go out of your way for it.
An almost invisibly crafted film that manages to be both original and startlingly topical by addressing the highly emotive subject of soldiers being tried in civilian courts for decisions made or acts carried out in the heated chaos of war.
The virtues of A War are also its biggest deficit: a leisureliness and inevitability that drain the effect from what is otherwise a solidly constructed drama.
This is an important film and should be seen.
Lindholm anchors this conflict in our own empathy for the characters, so that we find ourselves in the same murky moral ground as Claus.
With intense and contained performances, particularly by Asbaek and Novotny, A War depicts a moral dilemma that is as complicated as it frustrating.
[In its early stages,] it is absorbing and occasionally tense. Its second half, however, is disappointing.
If A War can't, at the last, land the gutpunch of its predecessor, it scores points enough to provide a worthy watch -- and to confirm its writer-director as among the preeminent agonised consciences in contemporary world cinema.
Deeply troubling and appropriately ambiguous, A War is a fine and sobering movie.
Pilou Asbæk is extraordinary, a bundle of tense, scared misery and self-hatred.
In human terms, A War's moral calculus might seem a bit off, but the point certainly hits home -- in the age of "precision" remote-controlled weaponry and guerrilla ambushes, war crimes have become all too easy to commit.
Observant Afghan war drama.
[The] performances, and the flawed humanity they so expertly convey, stay with you long after the closing credits, as does the question of what you would do if placed in the same situation as their characters.
With A War, Lindholm is once again content working in a sparse visual mode that leaves room for his performers to inject some passion into the film.
There is no Hollywood heroism or sentimentality here, and the ethically ambiguous courtroom scenes that climax the film provide no easy resolution, either.
This is an extraordinary film, not to be missed.
The scenario peters out in the last third and leaves us wondering.
The haunting and stark A War may be [Tobias Lindholm's] most striking and effective work yet
[Director Tobias Lindholm's] cool Scandinavian temperament is at work again in A War, a taut drama that feels genetically linked to A Hijacking, and not just in the understatement of its title.
A great film with big morality dilemmas. [Full review in Spanish]
So comprehensive in its approach, deconstructing the pivotal moment from every possible perspective, as to instill in viewers the impression of being among the jurors presiding over this case.
"A War" is a movie with little actual combat and none of the war genre conventions we've come to expect.
A quietly searing drama about morality, priorities, and absolute truth.
The story is only as compelling as the people who keep it moving forward. Pilou Asbæk and Tuva Novotny are both soldiers in their own respect, trying to keep evil at bay.
War may be hell, but Lindholm stirringly shows us that it's also indelibly human.
It doesn't so much bring new ideas to light as confirm our worst suspicions.
Writer-director Tobias Lindholm's latest is a microcosmic and finely wrought war story in which everyone has their reasons.
The problems of A War are primarily ones of in the way [Tobias Lindholm] frames this situation.
A War is a moving story about people, and Tobias Lindholm has fast emerged as one of the most talented filmmakers to tell it.
Ethically challenging and occasionally brutal, "A War" explores the dicey nature of decisions made in the heat of battle and the grim consequences that may follow.
The movie is adept in both the fog of war and the fog of law that follows it. It poses complicated questions and refuses to offer easy answers.
It's intense without becoming simplistic, and the actors stay focused as the viewpoints shift.
While the film is for the most part lively and well-crafted, the characters lose detail as the story blurs toward a conclusion. In the end, it's left to the audience to make meaning of what's just happened.
Only in the second half, after the commander is accused of a war crime and returns home to stand trial, do these two worlds merge and their respective realities clash, with sobering results.
Tightly cut with scenes that capture the disorienting madness of conflict, A War makes a strong case for situational ethics, but has a courtroom plot hole in it big enough to drive a tank through.
[It] may ... be among the best war movies of all time.
"A War" is an emotionally complex film that doesn't play by the rules of mainstream cinema.
Toils again in a stripped-down, situational urgency suggested by his titles: sleek yet functional, sometimes jagged yet classically composed, vital yet keeping the temperature below the melodramatic range.
A War pays service to all sides: Danish soldiers, Afghan inhabitants, and the families... Straightforward and absorbing storytelling...
So precise and inquisitive that there's not even a hint of padding in sight.
A War confirms the darkest, least mentionable secret of traumatized veterans-that what haunts them is not just what they saw and what was done unto them, but what they did.
The courtroom machinations are skillfully played, but here, too, there is a certain stolidity.
A film that forces you to think about the impossible choices soldiers are forced to make every day.
Lindholm's mastery of film form is matched by his willingness to engage with some of the most intractable moral quandaries that haunt contemporary life.
Again, Lindholm guides tremendous performances and establishes a strong thematic presence, with the questions "A War" raises forcing the viewer to confront painful realities of combat and the cost of military service.
[A War] is not a masterpiece. It's as messy and uneven as real life. But messiness is inherent to why A War works.
A pattern seems to be emerging as Tobias Lindholm follows up A Hijacking with the equally direct and unsentimental A War, another examination of men under heavy stress.
The craftsmanship of "A War" is unimpeachable. Tight shots and jittery camera work give the film an immediate, intimate feel.
Like his 2012 film "A Hijacking," Danish writer-director Tobias Lindholm's drama "A War" explores the theme of moral compromise with an uncomfortably astringent honesty.
Writer/director Tobias Lindholm's compelling thriller offers sharp-focus snapshots of conflict on the ground for its first hour, and in a military courtroom for the second.
The film is cleanly made and moves quickly, which enhances its effectiveness. It raises moral issues that simply can't be addressed too often.
A War is the best possible title for Denmark's Oscar nominee, which, scrubbed of the patriotism and politics that define American war films, transcends the war in the Middle East to interrogate the struggle of all conflicted decisions.
The film's a solid piece of work examining the moral difficulties of war.
The movie is memorable and draining, but "Full Metal Jacket" it is not.
Powerful, gripping, provocative and heartfelt. It's a thinking person's war film.
Although the territory is familiar, director Tobias Lindholm offers a fresh approach that's both gritty and provocative.
While most Hollywood movies are so afraid of moral ambiguity that you'd think the old-school Production Code was in effect, here's a story that eschews easy answers and forces audiences to examine their own consciences while the characters do likewise.
A War never shies away from the true horror of its central subject matter, and succeeds in feeling visceral and emotionally powerful.
Novotny is a striking screen presence; a fresher film would have told the story entirely from her perspective. But instead, we see the one we're used to - and a wobbly one at that.
A drama that raises ethically telling questions about war, conscience, compassion, and heroism.
Trapped in volatile, stressful and violent situations with "A War," and it is a tremendous, provocative cap to that unofficial trilogy.
"A War," as tough to watch as it can be, is an extremely rewarding and disquieting experience.
"A War" is a film done exactly right about a situation gone horribly wrong.
For Denmark, the film, an Oscar nominee in the foreign-language category, might seem quietly radical, but Mr. Lindholm errs too far on the side of quiet.
Without judgement, we're shown how rules of engagement, both followed and broken, can lead to the loss of innocent lives.
While it builds to an intriguing thematic question, the dramatic situation at the heart of Tobias Lindholm's war-themed procedural is a little too open-and-shut.
Microcosms don't feel micro to those who inhabit them. Such is the case in "A War," a small-scale drama of outsize power.
This movie rescues the concept of "the fog of war" from cliché and overuse.
The film is low-key and evenhanded to a fault, resisting opportunities for melodrama at every turn; it radiates intelligence and fairness, which, while admirable, don't exactly inspire a strong emotional response.
It's a pity that "A War" will be seen by only a fraction of those who turned out for the pieties and yowling stereotypes of "American Sniper."
Shares a lot of DNA with any number of serious (which is to say downer) looks at what it's like to fight. We might even let our guard down, which is when it really attacks.
A scrupulous, unglamorized examination of battlefield decision-making - and its potentially devastating impacts, both there and back home.
An absorbing story centering on the commander of a small Danish unit in Afghanistan whose action evokes the conflict between the demands of the law and the moral judgment of a man under extreme stress.
Ultimately, this is a film about guilt, grief and accountability, the chaos of war clashing with the sterility of an after-the-fact trial as the boundaries between blame and bravery are blurred beyond resolution.
Propulsive action drama meets philosophical rumination in A War, a superlative Danish take on the Middle East-set soldier story.
It works both as a war movie and, in its latter scenes, as a finely calibrated courtroom drama.
There's an understated naturalness that speaks powerfully throughout, both from the leads and from the supporting cast.
Emotionally tense and smartly nuanced exploration of an ordinary man under extraordinary pressure; a war movie for how we have redefined war today.
Like the anti-war saga In the Valley of Elah, A War explores a misuse of power that has horrific consequences. What's different is that here the crime takes place under our noses and, even more disturbingly, feels justified.
Lindholm's film has few easy answers to deliver, just strong performances, and a gripping, engaged approach to thorny contemporary issues.
It's an intense and at times harrowing drama, tautly written and directed, and brilliantly acted.
Standard-issue liberal guilt and hand-wringingly uninteresting dilemmas are the order of the day, with no real surprises or challenges.
It's a riveting, complex film that asks one simple question: what do you do when there's no right answer?
A film of two halves - one a frazzling visit to Afghanistan's Helmand crossfire in 2003, the second a kind of Hutton Inquiry into the first.
A terse tale of men in crisis.
Just when you think you've got a handle on where the movie's going, there's a knock on the door and everything changes.
This is a real 'What would you do?' movie, the sort you'll be turning over in your mind for days after, and the result is first-rate.
...whether you're a dyed-in-the-wool troop supporter no matter what, or a hardcore anti-warrior, you can watch and understand why Pedersen does what he feels he has to do

@highlight

Tense, intelligent, and refreshingly low-key, A War is part frontline thriller, part courtroom drama -- and eminently effective in both regards.