It's a well-executed satire, smartly acted (it won the Special Jury Award for Breakthrough Talent at Sundance) and has an interesting plot.
All in all it was a good movie. It was funny and served its purpose, I don't think I'll be telling folks this is the movie they need to see for 2014 but it's one I would suggest.
Dear White People embodies the virtues of the truly independent film, substituting strong writing, good performances from a largely unfamiliar cast, and a fresh, distinctive vision for the blockbuster's hefty budget.
Everyone will laugh at different things in Dear White People, and everyone will wince at different things. This is a great movie to see in a big group-you'll want to talk about it as soon as it's over.
... for the most part [writer/director Justin Simien] admirably presents the complexities of race in contemporary culture...
But as great as the message is, and as hilarious as it is at times, Dear White People struggles as a full-length film.
With his first film, Dear White People, Justin Simien has proven himself to be one the most exciting emerging voices in cinema. See it.
I found DWP to be a contemplative film about the stereotypes that exist and the roles we are forced to play. Audiences of all ages and races need to see DWP.
Dear White People is clever, loving, angry satire. It's a multi-faceted exploration of race in a time when such portrayals are needed. The film sometimes falters in its process, but delivers the goods when it matters most.
A brilliant piece of writing from a very thoughtful and humorous director.
Dear White People offers up some droll and relevant observations on the commodification of race and ensures that Justin Simien is a filmmaker to watch.
A dagger-sharp satire, a film filled end-to-end with tiny sticks of dynamite, each lit carefully with a gleeful smirk.
It is smart, funny and provocative without being rude, even if some of the actual events and behaviours depicted are shocking. The film itself is not the shocker, the things it says about how we see each other is the embarrassment.
Dear White People is too smart for its own good.
It's witty, boisterous and immensely likeable, but don't mistake its considerable charm and slick elegance for superficiality.
Dear White People is less than the sum of its very polished parts -- a first feature that's just impressive enough to be frustrating.
Although the tone is uneven, there are plenty of sharp one-liners ... and snappy cineliterate swipes at everyone from Tyler Perry to Robert Altman.
As enjoyable and refreshing as it is, there's a certain bite lacking in the delivery.
Stylish, sleek, sharp and almost glib, this terrific debut by writer/director Justin Simien is a streamlined satire that swaps subtlety for jaw-dropping honesty.
Here's a film that refreshingly acknowledges various elephants in cinema's crowded living room: racism, the interracial sex taboo and class war.
There's a lot in this prickly, snappily written feature debut that's as invigorating as early Spike Lee.
Sharp, snappy and often scathing, balancing a fine line between pointed barbs and broader laughs.
Simien helms with style to spare but makes sure the emphasis is firmly on substance, as he offers great insight into the contradictions and concerns of young black culture.
Do the right thing - take a break from summer spectacle to check out this assured and eloquent indie.
This is high-altitude satire that dares to press hot buttons while targeting and empathising with all, black and white.
Dear White People has its share of provocations about race but complex reality has overtaken its vision at a worrying speed.
... a sharp, smart, ambitious satire of race, racism, privilege, prejudice, and power at an Ivy League college that has drawn comparisons to Spike Lee.
Good films create buzz, but movies like Dear White People create conversations.
The best moments get to the heart of Simien's thesis that what is supposed to be post-racial America isn't all that much different from what came before.
Smart, gutsy and relevant.
Dear White People succeeds because it delivers its message with common sense and wisdom instead of a heavy hand.
A timely and important look at black identity and how it's informed by by stereotypes in the media
Where it scores big is its wealth of ideas-visual, emotional, cultural-and its deep well of bitter, voice-of-experience rage
Even as the jokes cut deep, Dear White People doesn't hesitate to get real.
Screenplay is tight, funny, smart and insightful, and [the] direction has just enough indie feel without becoming too self-conscious or preachy.
Welcome to the head-spinning gamesmanship of the Obama era - and to the most elegantly candid comedy of racial tension since Spike Lee burst onto the scene 30 years ago.
Simien's caustic message resonates at many levels: If you want to change the world, be sure to bring good snacks.
...satirizes the fact that our increasingly integrated culture has in some ways only heightened the reliance on dismissive shorthand.
The film is concerned not only with the ways in which racism manifests itself, but the ways in which it tends to be effaced -- chiefly from the privileged who deny that race remains an issue.
The pitch on Dear White People is that it's "Do the Right Thing for the Obama generation," which is both an oversell and a disservice to Justin Simien's witty satire about race relations on a fictional Ivy League campus.
The message gets a little scattershot and repetitive at times, but he hits his mark more often than not.
Simien shoots satirical buckshot, missing as often as he hits, and the clunky framing device is pure amateur hour, yet he also displays an attention to character complexity that shows genuine promise.
Dense first feature takes our racial pulse and finds it's still irregular
Arguably the most vital film to come out of Hollywood in 2014.
A rickety contraption of issue-oriented talking points delivered by characters-centrally, four black students-who are constructed to fit the plot.
This intelligent, funny, articulately hyper-verbal campus comedy-drama...serves up tart satire...
Simien has created anti-types that refuse to represent the black experience and crafted an assertive visual style.
This acerbic satire of contemporary racial politics manages to be provocative and articulate without turning strident.
Dear White People is a strong debut for a newcomer director, who tackles sensitive racial and cultural topics with wit, sensitivity, and thoughtful commentary.
Writer-director Justin Simien takes a sledgehammer to the rosy notion that we've achieved a post-racial utopia - but he does it with great wit, bite and flair - in his debut feature, Dear White People.
The hypocrisies, contradictions, tensions and opportunities of what naively has been described as the 'post-racial' America of the Obama era are examined with refreshing wit and candor ...
The dialogue is often sharp, occasionally clever, as Simien explores the quandary of trying to fit in at the cost of losing your true identity.
A film that's as honest about the complexities and contradictions of identity as we're likely to see in a movie theater this year.
As straightforward of a satire as Dear White People is, it also can be looked at as a symbol of the problems it is trying to tackle.
The gags create a fuse to a firecracker finale.
Dear White People is a peeved film, a touching film, a thoughtful film, and a funny film all at the same time, but structurally it's an exercise in developing tension.
Sadly, Simien would rather introduce confrontational mischief than actually show his homework.
A lively and deeply funny course in Race in America 101: Intro to White Privilege.
One of the freshest, funniest, boldest debut films to come along in years.
Simien draws strong performances from his talented cast and has a clean visual sensibility. But he's still sifting through the issues he raises and the movie suffers from his lack of conviction.
Tessa Thompson steals the picture with the mostly radical rants of a character described as 'a Lisa Bonet wannabe'.
Dear White People stares race relations right in the face with a combination of biting satire, understated anger, and a whole lot of thoughtfulness.
An astute and funny film built around an impressively layered script and an appealing ensemble cast that broaches the delicate issue of race in an honest, sensible way.
Often the characters are just standing around talking at one another. After too many scenes like this, the film begins to to feel like a collection of speeches.
Writer-director Justin Simien's searing, sharp-edged, and wildly intelligent comedy about race relations on an American college campus.
A canny, complex and funny campus comedy movie that views race through the eyes of the millennial generation ...
You have to see this movie, and talk about it, to believe it.
As a first-time director, Simien sometimes lets his script flirt with talkiness, but with dialogue this sharp and unpredictable, who's complaining?
The film isn't as funny as it could be, largely because Simien's tone isn't as fueled by anger as [Spike] Lee's films, but when he scores, it's often a bullseye.
Sufficiently provocative to raise important issues and cheeky enough to remain entertaining while doing so.
"Dear White People" may not be the best movie of the year, but it just might be the most important.
The issues are more interesting than the characters, though Simien provides a welcome and fairly trenchant [film].
Here's a race-based/race-baiting comedy that tackles issues of identity and sensitivity head on.
The cast is game and Siemen's trenchant observations are the mark of a filmmaker with something to say -- an increasing rarity in this day and age.
More admirable than entertaining.
The film's bravery and open ending is credible, despite the dead spots, and that woeful self-seriousness that poxes student wit. You can hit the nail on the head a hundred times and still have a rickety structure.
Although the characters don't lapse into stereotypes, neither are they sufficiently funny or fierce to engage us in the issues they raise. The movie is a windy debate, the kind that is suited for the safe confines of a college campus.
It's a slyly provocative achievement and a serious calling card for its writer-director, Justin Simien.
A witty movie and in many places a funny one.
For this sort of satire to land, it needs pace and energy that the oddly whispery "Dear White People" lacks.
It holds a comic lens up to the love-hate relationship between the races in all its contradictions. And it is a portrait of post-racial America as the symbiotic clashing of opposite polarities.
The funny, challenging Dear White People (which, sorry, definitely could be a hashtag) goes right for thoughtfully uncomfortable and stays there.
"Dear White People" is a great title and a witty, provocative movie about a topic that couldn't be more relevant.
Dear White People's biggest flaw is its excessive ambition, and that's a problem more movies could stand to have.
A film that is unafraid to tackle a subject as difficult and complex as race - and does so with intelligence, courage and humor.
It will make some people squirm and might hurt some viewers' feelings, but will likely make them laugh along the way. One way or another, it's a film that will prompt plenty of conversation on the way home.
That it comes as close as it does to successful satire is either a testament to Simien's talents or an indication of how starved cinema is for socially relevant comedy.
Dear white people (and members of all other races), avoid this movie, as it doesn't do much more for race relations than Lars von Trier's Nymphomaniac did for the issue of sexual addiction.
However successful [the film] may be at capturing hearts and minds when it comes to social and political issues, it has the early indicators of being a small-scale cult classic.
The film is called Dear White People, but it might as well be called Dear Everybody. It's hilarious, and just about everyone will wince with recognition at some point in the film.
Smart, unique, and distinct, this feature won't be easy to forget.
This isn't a romantic comedy, it's an all-too-realistic satire depicting an entire college ecosystem strung out and put on display from the top-down; more School Daze than Bringing Up Baby.
Satire offers insightful, very edgy look at race relations.
Not since Spike Lee's early work has there been a movie so full of provocative ideas-and a sly sense of humor.
There are no easy heroes or foils in this briskly cross-cutting ensemble piece, only blossoming adults and beleagured elders ...
Refreshing, provocative, and powerfully topical.
Justin Simien's Dear White People is an honest, funny and stylish satire of race relations in the Obama age.
The complicated narratives don't distract from what this film does best: make you laugh about the things that make you furious.
Here's a comic riff on race relations in the Obama era that hits its targets far more than it misses.
The film takes a clear-eyed approach to the complex subject of racial identity and leavens it with wit.
I nodded my head in agreement many times while watching Dear White People, but I can't say I was ever truly compelled by the story it tells.
There won't be a smarter or funnier screenplay this year (or more striking feature directorial debut), and that is just the basis for this surprising , wonderful and quite definitive college film.
Simien moves his characters and his ideas around like an expert general would on a battlefield, all while slowly ratcheting up the tension until the film reaches its party conclusion and blows up.
It's true that satire is the perfect weapon of reason, and Justin Simien deploys it with resourcefulness, cool assurance and eagle-eyed aim.
As smart and fearless a debut as I have seen from an American filmmaker in quite some time: knowing but not snarky, self-aware but not solipsistic, open to influence and confident in its own originality.
Dear White People is a college comedy with cutting jokes and complex characters, as well an ace ensemble of young actors and a writer/director to watch.
Viewers will spend more time waiting for the next witty retort than feeling moved or challenged. Dear White People is not sure whether it's an essay or a film, which means it's not quite either.
Its jokes (and insights) about race, class and prejudice are provocative in the very best sense.
If Dear White People is Simien's School Daze, complete with academic setting and DIY scrappiness, does that mean he has a Do The Right Thing in him, too?
The movie finds real power in its climax ...
Much as in life - but rarely in movies - everyone is at least partially sympathetic. And everyone has a bit of a point.
This sharp, stylish comedy does pack quite a punch when it hits its stride ...
It's been a while since a movie comedy dealt as directly and smartly with questions of racial identity as Dear White People does.
Clearly a work by a young director, the film comes at you with a torrent of sharp dialogue, multiple characters and a traffic jam of scenes and story points.
One of the sharpest and most audacious comedies of the year ...
Smart, funny, generally on target...like early Spike Lee, only more polished
An edgy premise and memorable cast make for a potent first impression.
A delightful dissection of the Ivy League that stirs the pot in the way most folks mean when they a call for a national discussion of race.
Justin Simien impresses with this debut - a social satire, exploring, debating and studying racial identity, and what it means to be black in contemporary America.
Despite some melodramatic moments and an overabundance of characters and incidents, the film smartly pinpoints people's universal need for acceptance and belonging.
I love this movie.
The film doesn't aim to condemn the fools who believe racism in America has ended, but rather open a vast discussion of how the subject of race--and merely identity--in our country has evolved.
One of the most vibrant, engaging debuts at this year's Sundance Film Festival.
Works almost perfectly as a showcase for its cast and crew of mostly unknowns, demonstrating a considerable pool of talent waiting to be tapped for bigger and better things.
Dear White People has both ambition and execution, with its satire sharpened, not dulled, by the characters and real emotions inside it.
Simien's script is at its funniest when at its most confrontational, touching on a number of keen, pointed observations on the subtleties of racism.
While it veers toward smugness and self-satisfaction at times, the Spike-Lee-lite exercise nonetheless heralds a fresh and funny new voice on the scene in writer-director Justin Simien ...

@highlight

Dear White People adds a welcome new voice to cinema's oft-neglected discussion of race, tackling its timely themes with intelligence, honesty, and gratifyingly sharp wit.