Collateral Beauty seemingly aspires to be blatant grief voyeurism, the kind to which, if a film is lucky, finds a cult following from teenagers who find it beautifully deep as the rest of us do our best not to sleep, seethe, or vomit.
It is very difficult to suggest to fiercely avoid a film, but just imagine that this film is a dangerous creature. Get close at your own risk, that is if you are brave enough. [Full Review in Spanish]
A domino construction that collapses between irrelevant subplots and underused actors. [Full review in Spanish]
... I don't know if the movie is worth saying "hey yeah total I gotta go out and watch this one"...
If you're no big fan of message films . . . or contrived plots . . . or melodramas where you know the whole point of a film is to make viewers feel something, then you probably won't care too much for this 2016 drama.
Maybe this demented set-up would have worked if Collateral were a pitch-dark comedy and, I dunno, there was some tiny element of entertainment to be found depicting the harassment of a grieving parent.
This absurdly drippy fable makes about as much sense as its daft title.
...it is one of the worst movies that I've seen this year...
Will Smith comes close to saving this one.
The play on the term 'collateral damage' fails to hit home as the movie takes a long-winded route to get there.
It's intelligent, reflective, thought-provoking and very nicely acted by a star-studded ensemble cast.
Collateral Beauty is just bad in the bad way.
The film's concept of coping with death is applaudable, but the execution is at the other extreme. It is such a waste of talent.
Collateral Beauty isn't perfect, but its heart is in the right place. And with this cast, it's well worth a look.
Director David Frankel's Collateral Beauty tackles a truly difficult subject, the death of a child, and handles it sensitively and seriously.
The Hollywood tearjerker is an art form of pure privilege.
Kudos to Loeb and his team for daring to be creative and for contributing a positive story to the cinematic universe.
It is so completely demented in so many ways that it beggars belief that it could have made its journey from the page to big screen without anyone in a position of power along the way trying to shut the whole thing down.
This is a contrived storyline that comes across as mean-spirited.
Substitutes the necessary elements of personality and tangible emotion for overblown, new-age schmaltz, that manages to pull off the feat of being pompous and stale at the same time.
Collateral Beauty really is a nice, innocuous little film designed for those in the mood for an undemanding weepie...Yet, once again we have an example of an unpresuming, mid-range movie becoming a lightning rod for inexplicable online hatred.
Why did it get made? And how much did its gifted cast of big names have to be paid to enable them to suspend disbelief and commit themselves to such a concentrated dose of drivel?
It's pretty hard to be overcome with emotion when you're groaning at each calculated, predictable and downright unpleasant turn.
already groaning under a surfeit of sentimentality, Collateral Beauty could shed some of its syrup to achieve bigger, deeper impact. It also overloads on death
It's not a complete disaster. If you're up for a good cry and don't mind a bit of simplistic lecturing on how to cope with loss in this big, bad, old world, then you could do worse.
Collateral Beauty certainly has something to say. And it is a worthy something. It is just a shame to see it wrapped up in the form of an Oprah Winfrey Movie of the Week.
A film so bad and clumsy that seems a kind of self-help class. [Full review in Spanish]
Collateral Beauty sets a record: it is probably the worst movie each of these fine actors will ever do.
[A] needlessly odd, unfashionably sentimental drama.
Collateral Beauty had the potential to be great, yet even with a stellar cast and a seemingly heartwarming idea, the film failed to deliver what it promised its viewers.
Despite its quality cast and slick visuals, the result is sombre and saccharine rather than uplifting.
As it proceeds the plot becomes increasingly predictable and the "surprise" elements will surprise only the most credulous.
There is nothing wrong with a wide emotional palette, but director David Frankel leans too heavily on the healing and the homilies in the rush to closure; the smugness of the therapy-talk leaks into and wrecks everything else.
A disappointing movie, overall, that lacks any self-awareness, Collateral Beauty has no real heart in its shallow depths.
The ending twist-dives so deep into maudlin sappiness that we're left snorkelling through syrup.
The only thing more remarkable than the crudeness of the central idea is the extensive cast of A-listers who decided this synthetic weepy with its fortune-cookie wisdom was a good thing to do.
Much like the row of multi-coloured dominoes in the adman's office, Collateral Beauty topples under the weight of its pseudo-profundity.
Sounds dreadful doesn't it? Believe or not it, it gets a whole lot worse.
Appalling and sadistic. How can anyone who is not a sociopath look at this horrible attempt at feel-good fantasy and say, 'This is fine, this is healthy'?
It's a slickly made movie with a first-rate cast, but occasional glimpses of gritty honesty aren't quite enough to counteract sudsy philosophising that sounds profound but is actually rather shallow.
If it were any more pretentiously fey it would evaporate; any more arch and it could stand at the top of the Champs-Élysées overseeing traffic.
Someday, someone will have to explain to me how Collateral Beauty ever got made.
A blubbery seasonal goose of a film, one stuffed with candy floss.
There are, I'll bet, ways of making this work. Collateral Beauty doesn't find them.
The producers of Collateral Beauty have done a marvellous job in managing to persuade so many A-list stars to appear in a thoroughly appalling movie.
A-list sad-faces abound in a film where absurd concept is rivalled only by banal execution.
Among the many unenviable achievements of this film is its ability to consistently live down to that unspeakable title.
A ridiculous drama that ends up being so disastrous that it's funny. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that has a load of elements that aim to take the viewer to a tear ecstasy. Converting it into a laughable pagan homily for agnostic times. [Full review in Spanish]
At any other time of year Collateral Beauty's appeal would be lost, but in the midst of the holiday season, its guilty pleasure viewing if you want to laugh, cry and generally feel.
A grotesquely mawkish film ...
A manipulative misfire of a film.
A movie that almost succeeds at hiding how cheesy and predictable it turns out to be. [Full review in Spanish]
[Smith] appears to believe he is participating in an uplifting seasonal treat: eggnog latte for the soul. Instead he has fronted a turkey for the ages.
However glorious the cast, almost nothing can rescue a Christmas cancer movie, or certainly not one this tonally deaf.
The latest whack-a-doodle slab of gooey cosmic nonsense to star Will Smith.
There is a gorgeous, existential tearjerker buried somewhere in this ill-conceived holiday offering, but even the combined talents of several well-regarded Hollywood actors couldn't wrench it free.
A sad attempt of emotional manipulation that would hopefully provoke laughter instead of boredom and misunderstanding towards what those responsible have given birth. [Full review in Spanish]
Collateral Beauty's positive attributes are slowly-but-surely crushed beneath the weight of a progressively eye-rolling and impossible-to-swallow storyline...
The absurd premise body-checks the movie's well-meaning intentions right out of the hockey rink, across 4th Street, into the river and downstream to the ocean, where it drowns, then is eaten by a school of barracudas.
This is a horribly stodgy and misconceived attempt to make a modern-day New York-set equivalent to It's A Wonderful Life.
Beyond the psychotic awfulness of the scenario, there is something inherently off about the film's attempt to reconcile the existential topic of grief with the more materialistic world of business affairs.
A film that although has a couple of revelations in its final act, these don't feel unexpected, and fails in its attempt to generate a resounding emotional impact. [Full review in Spanish]
For those who are looking for a motivational message about life and death, 'Collateral Beauty' is a Christmas movie you have to experience. [Full review in Spanish]
as painful as kidney stones
A story that had all the potential to stir the public to tears, but gets lost between subplots and spare characters. [Full review in Spanish]
Leaving aside the distastefully unethical central set-up (they are supposed to be his friends, after all), the film completely fails to convince on an emotional level.
It's transparently cynical, with no apparent endgame in mind other than simple profit. That it's able to waste such a fleet of capable actors and such elegant cinematography in the process is its main achievement.
...a heart-wrenching metaphysical movie with a terrific cast...
Partly why you may struggle to feel emotionally invested in this narrative is because everybody out to "help" our protagonist, appear to be doing so for financial gain, and not out of any actual compassion.
I'm kind of let down Collateral Beauty isn't a magnificent disaster as I'd been led to believe. It's just another movie that doesn't understand why its premise is not harmless whimsical fun.
The closest this train wreck will get to Oscar is if some guy with that name makes the poor choice to go see it during its theatrical run.
The failure of "Collateral Beauty" is all the more grievous for the waste of its superb actors.
If there's one constant about Collateral Beauty, it's how consistently it disappoints.
For the filmmakers, it's all about pandering. And for this group of outstanding actors it's a colossal waste of their time, like a molecular scientist working at McDonalds.
The cast feels checked out: Winslet and Norton, two attractive and charismatic performers, have never looked more painted and tired.
Fine performances, especially an award-worthy turn by Helen Mirren, are hampered by a disjointed story that never fully comes together.
This may not be a new Christmas classic, but give it a little time and love, and it won't be the death of you.
[Some may be] willing to overlook a hackneyed script and unbelievable characters, so long as it's all wrapped with a pretty bow in the end. Anyone with the slightest scintilla of Scrooge or rationality in them, however, might balk.
Collateral Beauty is nonsensical, but it's not nonsensical in a Winter's Tale flying rainbow horse way. It's just dull.
It's likely that the makers of Collateral Beauty were sincere in their objectives, but that certainly didn't translate to a final product that nauseates and manipulates in equal measure.
I still kinda dig this weird, embarrassing movie. It's got good actors in it -- everyone is great, really -- it looks real nice, and I'm brave enough to admit that, yes, reader, I got a little teary in parts.
There's no denying that the jarring tonal shifts and less than subtle greeting card sentiments and platitudes don't do the film any favors. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
It's a ludicrous story, and the filmmakers, despite a grade-A cast, deliver neither the Capra spark nor a credible depiction of grief.
Lots of good actors sit in front of a locked-down camera and deliver some of the blandest work of their career.
Frankel overcooked some nice raw ingredients. The all-star cast is certainly giving their best, especially Smith...But the noble performances aren't enough to overcome the weaknesses of the story or the miscalculation of the tone.
Collateral Beauty isn't exactly a good movie. As noted, it's overly manipulative, and it also has several glaring continuity problems. At the same time, this tragic tale truly does offer catharsis and hope.
hopelessly corny and oh so silly
Cast is best part of sentimental drama about grief.
The trailer promises a deep fantasy. Reality delivers a movie lacking beauty and with piles of collateral damage.
The ill-conceived idea feels like it was rescued from the Hallmark Channel reject bin.
...a manipulative, awkwardly complied holiday feature that even Santa wouldn't put in the stockings of the naughty.
We may not be surprised that Will Smith might be drawn to a sappy, false wallow in grief and uplift, but how did Helen Mirren, Kate Winslet, Edward Norton, Keira Knightley and Michael Peña read Allan Loeb's screenplay and still sign up for this project?
Somewhere in a forest, a maple tree wants all its sap back.
Collateral Beauty is junk that thinks it's meaningful about grief and believes it is doing good. No, it's emotionally fraudulent, narratively underhanded junk.
If 'Collateral Beauty' is in the eye of the beholder ... perhaps it's best to look away.
A holiday movie with Hallmark Channel DNA that should star Jaleel White and Judith Light but somehow snagged a top-line cast that includes Will Smith, Helen Mirren, Kate Winslet, Keira Knightley and Edward Norton.
Loeb, the man behind more than one Kevin James vehicle, attempts Christmastime magic à la Miracle on 34th Street, but ends up conjuring Maudlin on Madison Avenue instead.
Here comes Will Smith in a red Santa suit bearing Collateral Beauty, the perfect holiday movie about dying children. Isn't that something to spread the cheer?
An overly sentimental, unintentionally hilarious weeper that arrives like an ugly Christmas sweater over the holidays.
Most of "Collateral Beauty" is spent rooting for it to be better. Even the concept behind the title comes up short.
Smug, lazy and clumsily manipulative
Soggy garbage intended to make you cry, but it's so clumsy in its manipulations that you almost feel sorry for it.
Even with Smith's ability to sell austere grief, Collateral Beauty never quite validates itself as a story that deserves this performance.
A horribly contrived drama about the ripple effects of one man's grief.
Heartstrings resist such clearly calculated tugging; good tearjerkers tend to be a bit more messy. Still, it's a diverting-enough anecdote, well-acted by an aristocratic cast
The five stages of grief sometimes seem applicable to movie reviewing, except that I usually skip denial, rarely get around to acceptance and generally just settle into anger, which is where I am with "Collateral Beauty."
It's quite possible "Collateral Beauty" will move you to tears. Then again, it's quite possible you've been moved to tears by commercials about dogs that befriend horses.
The year's worst movie.
I don't think I've witnessed a film this year that managed to so completely and utterly collapse into crass garbage in its last few minutes while abusing what little goodwill it has.
Collateral Beauty is a waste of time, and I just don't see myself reassessing that verdict anytime soon.
This is an awful picture, graceless and insincere, doing more to manipulate than illuminate, while wasting the time of actors who really should be elsewhere, spending time on more meaningful films.
It has nothing to teach us about how to process a profound loss. It does, however, have something to say about what passes for "serious" in a studio film in 2016.
"Collateral Beauty" couldn't be more calculated and manipulative if it slapped you on the back, shoved a giant lollipop into your mouth and immediately tried to sell you a time share in Tampa.
Kenneth Lonergan's Manchester By The Sea is a scrupulously crafted, emotionally honest take on grieving. David Frankel's Collateral Beauty is the exact opposite.
What boggles the mind...is the movie's enchantment with its hapless self. In the realm of entertainment, "Collateral Beauty" is death warmed over.
It's near impossible to make a movie with no redeeming features - but this tearjerker hits the zero-stars jackpot, taking an all-star cast on a journey from absurd to zombified with frequent stops at pretentious.
Collateral Beauty is a Hallmark tear-jerker in the worst way, so out of tune with human emotion that it almost becomes satire.
'Collateral Beauty' is such a coldly calculating and manipulative misfire that it's incomprehensible how anyone who read Allan Loeb's script thought it would make a decent movie.
Collateral Beauty is lacking in any real highs or lows and there's no energy to the proceedings.
A demented tapestry of bizarre interactions and strange choices that results in a bigger picture that reveals absolutely nothing at all.
The movie manages to be simultaneously superficial and heartbreaking. That's no easy feat - nor is it a laudable one.
It's hard to predict if audiences will want to take such an emotional ride at the holidays, but the supporting performances and overall message make it a worthwhile one.
For a film that thinks it's being uplifting and inspiring, 'Collateral Beauty' is arguably the most offensive and insipid major Hollywood film this year.
Every so often there comes a movie so tasteless, so nakedly pandering, so bodaciously ill conceived that you've got to see it to believe it. This year, that movie is Collateral Beauty.
A fluffy story of tragedy and friendship and hugging and important life lessons that would have felt more at home on a TV show back lot.
Collateral Beauty is a film that's virtually impossible to take seriously, despite dealing with the most personal kind of thematic material.
Director David Frankel and his dishonorable scribe Allan Loeb have crafted this interminable, manipulative weepie under the guise of doling out some greater truth or beauty.
"Collateral Beauty" is based on a premise so preposterous that the film shouldn't work. But the illusion of credibility is sustained just well enough to keep things from falling apart.
The premise stretches credulity even before the actors start giving the conspirators personal advice that sounds suspiciously otherworldly.
Will Smith's latest Oscar-chasing provocation of existential platitudes and placating pabulum is trying to be a contemporary "Christmas Carol." Instead, this odious, distasteful drama just winds up emphasizing the "dick" in Dickens.
One of those films where simply summarizing the plot doubles as a savage critique.
Just when you think the film can't get any more mawkish or fatuous, it always surprises you.
An excellent cast, immersed in a hot tub of self-pity and false sentiment.
Seeing Smith go deep opposite Kate Winslet, Helen Mirren, and Edward Norton should be cause for excitement. It's frustrating that the impressive cast is instead squandered on far-fetched story developments and telegraphed pathos.
Collateral Beauty is one of those cloying movies about learning to take the good with the bad that feels like it was made by aliens with little grasp of human life.
This movie doesn't rise to the level of so-bad-it's-good. But no less impressively, perhaps, it's just bad enough that you actually wish it were worse.
With the domino pieces in place, the plot then coasts along rather predictably.
...a movie best suited for those not afraid to wear their hearts on their sleeves.
Howard never blames his partners for their emotional manipulation, and the movie expects the same unreasonable indulgence from its audience.
Inevitably, many viewers will contrast Collateral Beauty with Manchester by the Sea, this season's other grief drama, and Collateral Beauty will crumble in the comparison.
With its cast of Oscar-caliber actors and pervasive theme of loss, Collateral Beauty should have been a deeply moving tear-jerker. Instead, it comes off as a melodramatic contrivance.
Collateral Beauty is a perplexing film, a movie that feels so excited to get to specific moments that it completely bypasses any logic on how such moments can be arrived at.
A totally shameless, crudely manipulative tearjerker, but despite incredibly strenuous effort, it doesn't even succeed on that low level.
Although it continuously slips into being overly sentimental, it's hard not to be pulled in by the film's tale of love, loss and the time it takes to deal with both.
David Frankel's film argues that the power of miracles can be manufactured by those who can fund them.
"Collateral Beauty," a movie so earnest it almost has Tom Cruise in it, misses its mark by a mile, stranding an impressive cast whom you'd think would have better things to do.
Most movies today remind us dates in high school are hard to come by, superheroes can beat up aliens, or serial killers are scary dudes. A movie that wisely contemplates how to deal with profound sadness deserves our respect for that alone.
Its heartfelt sincerity and lovely performances beguiled me into its world.
These actors are too good to be entirely sunk by the sheer silliness of the material (with the exception of Smith, who seems fully committed to playing the role of a human frown-face emoji).
I still don't know what 'collateral beauty' means.
There isn't a single character in Collateral Beauty who isn't an overused stock drama crutch, and even with all that cheap manipulation it still can't tell a coherent story.
You'll get choked up at specific points in Collateral Beauty, but it overextends itself trying to placate to all of its plots and never comes close to being a real Christmas winner.
It's a true original, it's well-acted by a deep bench of terrific actors, and it works more often than it doesn't.
Chicken Poop for the Soul...
Good news for those who get a kick out of hate-watching bad films. Santa has brought you an early Christmas present in the form of "Collateral Beauty."
Any affectionate feelings and thoughtful revelations remain as unconvincing and calculated as the underlying premise.
Despite the strange direction the plot takes, this is a film that goes with old school traditional values in the vein of movies like Miracle on 34th Street and It's a Wonderful Life...
[Collateral Beauty's] tangle of bright and trite ideas pretty much guarantees that it will not be remembered as a Yuletide classic.
Fails to make an impression, and contains not nearly enough authentic beauty to make it worthwhile.
To paraphrase Groucho Marx, this is a movie where we watch Will Smith, Edward Norton, Kate Winslet, Helen Mirren, Naomie Harris, Keira Knightley and several other fine players bore holes in themselves so that we can watch the sap run out.
A poignant meditation on the dark clouds of grief.
Will Smith should be looking for better movies.
At the end of it, I screamed the way polar bears are supposed to when they get their tongues frozen to the ice.
The finished movie plays ... concertedly like a Serious Acting Vehicle for Smith, who's the least interesting component in a madly over-qualified cast.
You'll ... struggle to accept that what you saw on that screen actually played in theaters, was funded and approved by distributors, took a month or so of the lives of those extraordinary actors.
A strenuously uplifting Christmas awards-bait tearjerker.
But everybody looks so...pretty!

@highlight

Well-meaning but fundamentally flawed, Collateral Beauty aims for uplift but collapses in unintentional hilarity.