It all plays out the way you'd expect, the balance is tipped, something bad is coming, woman in danger, last minute rescue.
Days are seared by burning sunlight, nights swallow the world and bring out the demons, and Hell is an Earth burning in the nuclear fires of Armageddon.
Visuals and attitude -- not for kids.
An enjoyable revelation.
A very satisfying film.
The prime conceit of the movie is its gallows humor that seeps out like clotting blood from a decomposing corpse.
Blazes few new trails and bogs down in a confusing narrative muddle.
Rachel Weisz gives it her best shot, but she can't save the messy script from its own feelings self-importance.
I deeply loathe the Heaven-and-Hell genre to which this cinematic comic-book spectacular belongs.
It's just sad that a movie ostensibly based on a frequently intelligent comic book should end up a no-brainer.
Halfway through Constantine, a fully clad Keanu Reeves steps into a shallow pail of water, sits on a chair next to it and holds a cat in his lap.
This film combines elements of comic book fantasy with horror to create an enjoyable brew - sort of a film noir version of The Exorcist, crossbred with the stylization of The Matrix.
Peaks early, then descends into portentous nonsense.
While decidedly no one's idea of the John Constantine of the comics (who was originally modelled on Sting), Reeves acquits himself well enough.
A kind of gothic guerilla warfare, with moody demonologist John Constantine caught in between.
full review in Greek
Entirely beyond redemption.
Reeves, meanwhile, has confidently entered his self-parodic period.
While lacking the richness of its source material, it remains an enjoyable, immoral and sometimes beautifully Gothic tale.
A little too muddled and erratically paced to command much interest. While some of the effects are cleverly worked-up, the picture seems more often to be on CGI autopilot.
It's occasionally cheesy, sometimes enjoyable, intermittently scary, and constantly spiked with celestial blatherskite.
Virtually anyone but Reeves would have made a better John Constantine.
"Constantine" isn't about the people of the story and only uses the story as a reason to blow things up.
Constantine does generate some mid-level amusement and F/X interest in the epic battle it's based on, but has very little to show for it once the final credits role.
simplified and predictable plot that uses every pseudo-religious cliche imaginable
.
By every standard of good filmmaking, Constantine is a mess. Yet I did not find it one of those so-bad-it's-good affairs. I honestly enjoyed it.
Reeves has created a unique character that has the potential for future installments.
Despite all the bad acting jokes made at poor Reeves' expense, his slightly wooden, straightforward delivery has a powerful charm backing it.
Let's drop the bias and negativity and cut to the chase here: Reeves is good in this role.
Constantine isn't a good movie. But it's reasonably fun, and its silliness is its saving grace.
It just so happens that I always had a theory on how to visit hell, too: Sit in a chair and watch a Keanu Reeves movie.
For a film that manages to work in such an array of (real and made-up) Christian arcana, it has curiously little religious feeling.
Groovy, sexy, well-crafted adaptation with just the right casting to make it fly when it could have sunk.
..outside of some nice cinematography, Constantine has few of The Matrix's virtues.
A grab bag of bits from the whole demons-and-angels spectrum.
Lawrence directs with energy, humour and an amusing eye for bizarre details - such as the fact that Hell can be accessed via the judicious use of a cat and a puddle.
I'd argue that Constantine could be watched with the scenes rearranged in any order and still make sense, like episodes of The Simpsons.
Despite the professionalism of its stars, Constantine is another rip-off of The Matrix, The Omen and a hundred other films, gussied up with 21st-century effects and attitude. It's a mess.
Sometimes dense and impenetrable, but it also contains an unusually thoughtful consideration of the difference between faith and belief.
The Matrix meets The Exorcist (with a little Chinatown thrown in for good measure) in Keanu Reeves's just-below-okay supernatural adventure.
[A] stylish and moody thriller that actually sort of works, despite everything that seems poised to go wrong with it.
Keanu Reeves surfs through his acting in this otherwise excellent demonic film noir.
O roteiro impede que Constantine faça jus ao interessante personagem-título.
...stuck in a plane between deliberate laughs, and filmmaking that's laughably bad
Constantine's incoherent plotting ruins the comicbook's frazzled, hard-bitten edge.
While haters might go into the movie hoping Keanu will go to hell, Constantine is not so bad as to make you continue to feel the hate.
Brimming with good ideas but fails to exorcise the demons of audience pandering.
...a spiritually spry yet lumbering fantasy...The technological flourishes are a marvel to behold but the film's erratic journey is as choppy as a country dirt road
Reeves is more wooden than the cross and is about as sexy
A pretty good set up for what could be a franchise that has potential to get better and better.
Obviously toned-down from the comic, it's still a pretty provocative piece - a slyly funny Biblical detective story (sort of a Sunday School film noir.)
It's difficult to understand what Constantine is about, or indeed, whether it's a good movie.
Keanu Reeves is a chain-smoking, tough-talking, and ***-kicking Exorcist, taking out the demonic trash like a hybrid of Father Karras and Mike Hammer
Maybe some of the audience should wonder if they aren't performing the Devil's work by sitting so quietly through movies that turn wonders into garbage.
Where The Exorcist, The Prophecy, and ... Dogma have all ventured, Constantine gives the middle finger and delves into darker territory.
A construct of heaven and hell that makes no sense, and changes when the plot requires it, is the least of its problems.
Devilishly more entertaining than it has any right to be.
A stylish energy sustains this film even when it begins to drift into draggy incoherence.
plays more like a bunch of vaguely realized ideas strung haphazardly together than it does as a coherent story with rhythm and purpose
A tacky, CGI-driven action-horror flick with some of the most vacuous writing and wooden acting to ever torment damned theatregoers.
"Constantine" isn't heavenly. But it's an interesting enough look at what lies beyond.
...entirely miscast...
If you've ever wanted to see Keanu Reeves go to hell, this is your chance.
I'd call it anticlimactic if there were any rising action ...
Se queda en algún punto intermedio, un purgatorio de las cintas que no pueden ir al Infierno pero que, lo siento por la inversión, tampoco se ganan el Cielo.
I spent the better half of Constantine wondering what in the Hellblazer was going on.
This is by no means a perfect movie, but it's stylish, eerie, and better acted than you might expect. It also has at least half a brain in its head.
OK, the movie is too long and pretty silly, but it's also a good deal of fun.
While the tone stays faithful to Alan Moore's "Hellblazer" series, the film doesn't really work because Reeves is the wrong guy to play the title character.
Slightly better than your run-of-the-mill late winter horror film.
An entertaining supernatural film noir.
It's just so awful that the crew must have been snickering.
Unnecessarily complex in parts, Constantine still delivers a supernatural wallop, fueling a never-ending fascination with what lies beyond our world.
Beneath the rings of absurdity, there's a degree of seriousness.
"Constantine" isn't a movie, per se; it's a stunt with eye-catching effects that work to lure in audiences, those who, after seeing this beauty, will be the real lost souls.
Though I have a soft spot for Keanu Reeves there's no denying this is one of his worst performances... sounding dopier than usual.
Without a perceptible heartbeat, none of it is of much consequence.
Keanu can do better than this.
If you're willing to buy its premise, it's a great ride.
...painted in such broad strokes that potentially exciting context becomes little more than incessant hogwash.
Screenwriter Kevin Brodbin's script is quite wacky in parts,
Save yourself the cash on this one; it's too silly to be scary and too stupid to be watchable.
Those who can set aside their preconceptions will discover one of the more artfully designed comic-based films in some time.
Constantine provides a novel twist on the typical comic book movie until it collapses under its own goofy logic
I especially enjoyed the great special effects as Constantine battles the demons. Be sure to stay through the end credits for a special scene.
A cut above the typical apocalyptic thrillers that rolled off the assembly line with regularity in 1999.
Keanu Reeves is -- let me just get this off my chest -- very good.
You can just picture the meeting: A few guys in Prada suits sit around an L.A. boardroom table going, 'The Matrix meets The Exorcist, huh . . .? With Keanu? I like it. No wait - I love it.'
A solid if less-than-satisfying popcorn movie.
Constantine seems to share more of the right wing's agenda than just an apocalyptic point of view.
Reeves's performances is nuanced and offers multi layers of character that we've not ever seen from him.
Warner Bros. new DC Comic's adaptation Constantine is probably the best $80-million anti-smoking commercial ever made. Too bad the movie itself borderline stinks. Oh well, a girl can't have everything.
Trying to effectively depict hell is a daunting task, but director Lawrence and production designer Shohan manage to do more than a decent and credible job of it.
Constantine is no Hellblazer, but if you can get past that, it's a fun little film worth the price of admission.
All style, close to zero substance.
Unintentionally hilarious theological mumbo-jumbo which boils down to "The Passion of the Keanu."
'Interesting and intelligent, if dark and sometimes murky theologically.'
It'll work well for comic fans and goth kids, but may work best as a rental for everyone else.
Reeves and Weisz have chemistry, and they know a little humor goes a long way in a film of this sort.
A deceptively thoughtful tale tricked up like an action movie; it's beautiful to look at but even more lovely to ruminate over.
Fans of the horror/fantasy genre will find plenty to applaud, and DC executives can finally breathe a sigh of relief -- even if that's not so easy for John Constantine.
... after surviving Constantine, I definitely prefer the trip to hell [Keanu Reeves] took in Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey.
Doubting his mission and his faith even as he's consumed by them, Constantine is an achingly topical comic book/movie hero.
Takes itself just seriously enough to put on a good show. Reeves earns some theatrical redemption, the demons put a scare into the waywardly righteous, and there are plenty of evil-duders left over for a sequel.
Swinton's presence proves as strange as the rest of this sometimes-stimulating but often-ludicrous endeavor.
Makes repeated visits to a hell that looks to have been designed by Hieronymus Bosch in collaboration with Gianni Versace for a Marilyn Manson arena tour.
Admittedly, a big bunch of supernatural mumbo-jumbo, and it's also a cool looking big bunch of supernatural mumbo-jumbo garnished with a healthy dollop of religious cynicism.
The movie pulls no punches when it comes to biblical prophecy, black comedy and artistic visuals. And that's totally killer.
Occasionally, Reeves forgets what movie he's in and strikes a Neo-like pose.
Peppered with so many neat touches, it almost doesn't matter the story is a muddle.
An imaginative, if overstuffed attempt to chart the boundaries of American spiritual life.
Intelligent, wildly entertaining nerve-jangler.
All style. No soul.
In the end, Constantine is an intense theme park ride into the abyss of Hell -- for no reason other than to feel the heat.
There is no person in movie history who has devoted more time to defending civilization from evil and obliteration than Keanu Reeves, or who has spent more time shifting between spiritual, perceptual and historical planes to do the job right proper.
You have to die a little to catch a glimpse of the depths of hell... or this movie. Bless them Father, for they have sinned.
There's something seductive and irresistible about it.
Reeves plays one of the comic-book world's most intriguing antiheroes in an adaptation that isn't the massive screw-up fans rightfully expected, but has a cool-to-silly ratio that's just barely acceptable.
The movie isn't hellish, because there's always hope of leaving it. It's more like purgatory, two whole hours of it.
The year is young, but it's never too soon for the Worst of the Year party. Crashing through the door, a balloon in its ear and a plastic devil doll up its nose, comes 2005's early achiever.
Has enough subtextual codes to spawn its own cult.
Memo to Keanu Reeves: It's time to get away from the metaphysical.
There is, though, an undeniable pulse and momentum.
Toto, we're not in Kansas anymore, and we're not in hell. It's only California.
Under [Reeves'] laconic surfer-dude exterior lies a performer capable of seething rage and even some wit.
Any movie that casts Tilda Swinton as the angel Gabriel has its heart in the right place and a serious screw loose -- two things worth wishing for any time you lay your eight bucks down.
It's a ponderous bore. Dull dialogue, dull situations and a serious lack of urgency hinder what should be a high-stakes slice of pseudo-religious heresy.
It's all so well-paced and cool-looking and mordantly clever that you may forgive the film's transgressions.
This is nonsense, of course, and the trappings surrounding it only typify the absolute worst of comic books.
Every time Weisz and Reeves share the screen, 'Constantine' goes weirdly out of whack, since she's doing some actual acting while he seems to be playing 'let's pretend.'
For all its spiritual angst, Constantine is about as silly as fantasies get.
Great-looking but torturously slow.
Constantine does have its pleasures.
Say what you will about Reeves, but he's a unique creature. Even when he's bad, he can be pretty fun to watch. And to listen to.
Music video-trained director Francis Lawrence whips up a witch's brew of gray-on-gray atmosphere, but for all the end-of-the-world mumbo jumbo, nothing much ever seems to be at stake.
Reeves has a deliberately morose energy level in the movie, as befits one who has seen hell, walks among half-demons, and is dying.
Reeves wears essentially the same black wardrobe, does the same moves, shows off the same galling lack of acting ability, but with a slightly different haircut.
It turns out to be a pleasant surprise, never taking itself too seriously and with some fairly tense and creepy moments.
There's a potentially good story rattling around somewhere inside this broken, self-contradictory and finally meaningless film.
A more visceral approach might have upgraded Constantine from what in its present form feels more like a trip to heck and back.
Alternates between quiet, surprisingly dull scenes in which the hero and the girl talk in that italicized comic-book way about his past and orgies of computer pixels dressed up as gibbering fiends.
The biggest problems with Constantine all seem to stem from Keanu Reeves. The problem is that Reeves really can't act. Sorry, Keanu, but the truth hurts.
...a stand-alone, rapturous good time-craftily and accurately captures the straight-faced camp, wry wit and episodic structure of its source material.
(Constantine) fails to capture the imagination. It is what it is, a cinematic comic book.
This movie will satisfy Reeves fans in search for a good-looking action flick.
By the time Peter Stormare appears [as] Lucifer, the story has become so convoluted, we can't take it seriously. Judging from his campy performance, neither can Stormare.
proves better at juggling the neo-religious elements central to the story far better than, say, the last two Matrix films.
It's good production values, interesting story and characters are perfectly fine for Genre fans but for everyone else an instantly forgettable experience.
A movie like Constantine is a huge undertaking. ... This is a vast canvas encompassing two worlds. It cries out for an experienced director, not a first-timer.
Muddled to say the least although at least it's more interesting than anything in Hellboy or Van Helsing.
Constantine is one of those excruciatingly awful movies where you check your watch every few minutes hoping the agony will soon end.
Gives a gothic, grotesque twist to "The road to hell is paved with good intentions."
At a time when big-budget movies are focus-grouped and diluted into oblivion, Constantine dares to dream.
Constantine forces us to make giant leaps of faith over its gaping holes in logic and plot. And unfortunately, we fall quick and hard.
If its dark-heartedness is sometimes counterfeit, Constantine still scores courtesy of its convincing comic book milieu.
An intriguing, eye-popping and sometimes downright startling slice of pulp science fiction.
While structured like a traditional fantasy action film, Constantine only manages to be truly exciting maybe twice during the running time.
Add Constantine to the list of movies that took comic-book concepts, but left the soul on the page.
[I]n no way a great movie, [it's] a serviceable take on the property that manages to be both appallingly liberal with and nicely faithful to the character.
Constantine waves rotted meat in front of the rabid dogs of both comic books and religion, but mostly just manages to hack off any moviegoer that enters its hallowed doors.
A good horror-noir roller coaster ride...
The storyline, despite the best efforts of everyone involved, just isn't engaging, primarily because it's so ludicrous (unreasonably so).
A good enough movie to make you forget, most of the time, how truly dreadful Reeves' stilted, monotonous delivery is.
Here's hoping that Keanu Reeves begins to get a bit of respect with Constantine, and that Francis Lawrence doesn't get sold short for doing a tentpole film.
The film is chock full of pleasures... perhaps too many for its own good.
Man's interpretation of God is so often ground for war or denial of personal responsibility, it's nice to see it used for good entertainment as well.
The definition of a mixed bag, Constantine has the potential to both grasp your attention and lull you to complacency.
Reeves once again bears the sins of man for heavenly good, this time with attitude
The much-maligned Reeves gives a subdued, convincing performance.
So where are we? In two hours of Dullsville, as Sinatra used to say.
Lawrence keeps the story on track and doesn't cheat the world of Constantine, which embraces good, evil, unforgiving judgment and the human ambiguities that offer the possibility for forgiveness.
Despite some witty special effects and a appealing concept, Constantine meanders in too many directions to make much sense even to itself.
Reasonably satisfying cinematic junk food...enough crackerjack sequences and admirably trippy rhythms for a recommendation.
It's all about the visuals and the attitude, and both are are cool and striking, reflecting its comic book origins and music video sensibilities.
Keanu Reeves brings a gravity to John Constantine that makes Neo -- his cheerless character in the Matrix movies -- now appear to be the height of the actor's madcap Jerry Lewis period. Hey Hayyyy-deees!
Occult detective John Constantine (Reeves) has seen it all and responds to the most hideous threat with a puff on his cigarette and a self-assured leap into the abyss.
Borderline incoherent, theologically unsatisfying, and short to the point of dwarfism on suspense.
Keanu Reeves plays a haunted, expressionless traveler in an overblown theological thriller based on the DC/Vertigo comic book Hellblazer.
Constantine deals, at least in part, with its title character's attempt to cross over from hell to heaven. But there's no uncertainty about the movie's fate. It quickly heads south.
Takes too long telling a story that could have delivered maximum impact in less time.
The screenplay by Frank A. Cappello and Kevin Brodbin is only interesting for a few characters, hardly the story.
The story is a retread of the old Exorcist and Omen formats, but it delivers as much action and spectacle as fans of the genre could want.
This supernatural, super-noir thriller has been shot beautifully (by Philippe Rousselot), and directed with enjoyable, crazy-angled aplomb by Francis Lawrence.
The stylized, almost film noir design uses extreme close-ups and bizarro angles to give us the feeling you get from the best comics, the feeling that we are seeing everything from an angle that is perfect, unexpected and new.
It may not be the first great movie of 2005, but it is certainly the first really entertaining one.
Hellacious, audacious, visually stunning and deeply wiggy, Constantine is a miracle, a comic-book movie for smart people.
Though the story is potentially fascinating and the visuals sometimes spellbinding, the movie itself is stranded in the purgatory of the second-rate.
It's sort of like The Matrix minus all the cool stuff.
I don't know about the rest of you clowns, but there's something about the whole Heaven/Hell thing that, when it's done really well, becomes incredibly captivating.
...one of this year's cooler 'must-see' flicks for all lovers of the genre.
...an entertaining `Exorcist' for our computer-generated, action-movie age.
Lawrence is a skilled copycat, and his adeptness at creating a mood of otherworldly unease helps make up for his story's familiarity.
[Constantine] has Tilda Swinton giving a marvelously androgynous turn as the angel Gabriel
Imagine if Bosch and Dante were 21st-century geeks and they collaborated on a graphic novel... Holy crap, but there's some imagery here that will stalk your nightmares...
A riveting piece of suspense and action, and one of the strongest horror films in recent memory.
A moody mystery movie that moves from questions of faith to demon beat-downs to fatalist humor with the compelling, churning appeal of a hard-boiled B-movie ride.
A clever fantasy/horror noir with a dash of broad comedy, the big-screen adaptation of the "Hellblazer" comic books certainly has an original if loony vision.
The end explanation seems as reasonable and metaphysically valid as a Pokémon card battle. That's OK, though, because Constantine is all about look, sound and feel.
You'll either love it or hate it. I loved it.
... slow, silly and stupid but tolerable when funny.
Per usual for the genre, the cast is tops, the action contrived, the effects and design state of the art, and the writing strictly bottom feeding.
Reeves is back to his usual monotoned self...as a routine demon-slayer who plays second fiddle to expensive special effects.
Viscerally, I feel shut out of the fun.
The film resembles nothing so much as a punctured tire with a slow leak, letting all the air seep out until what's finally left is flat and fairly ineffectual.
An uneven amalgamation of the brilliant and the preposterous, Constantine left me by turns intrigued, confused, and wary.
The actor's black-on-white getup makes it plain that Constantine is one 'whoa' away from Neo-dom, and that Constantine likely represents the start of another Hollywood franchise with diminishing returns in its future.
An achievement of both story and technique, Constantine is one of the finest comic-based films ever made.
Keanu's back in black, and in a 'hell' of a fun movie... what's not to love?
Apocalyptically awful, End of Days bad, The Order bad, Lost Souls bad. Religiously it's blasphemous, but as a movie it's just plain lousy.
Once you let yourself fall into its rising hellfire, you'll get caught up in its thrilling storyline, ominous ambiance, and wild and weird action sequences
This isn't the hell that just kinda sucks. This is the Hell that puts fear in your heart and makes you want to head to church directly after leaving the theater.
Constantine is a pretentiously muddled, emotionally hollow, nonsensical film about Catholic angst, and a cancer-ridden hero who's been to hell and back.
It has the grace of a tumble off a ladder.
Good-looking, but decidedly hollow. Misses the opportunity to explore its evocative central conceits by attempting to do too many other things at once, and failing.
I believe in Satan, Hell, demons walking the Earth, and Keanu Reeves as a cancer-ridden exorcist. Stay until after the credits for a denouement.
The idea of a guy trying to buy his way into heaven is good, but this movie doesn't take it anywhere other than the usual set of world saving scenarios.
One of those rare pulpy page-to-screen translations that actually gets it right.
There may be a special room in Hell for such filmmakers, but it's the audience that suffers the agonies of the damned by having to sit through it.



@highlight

Despite solid production values and an intriguing premise, Constantine lacks the focus of another spiritual shoot-em-up, The Matrix.