Their mistakes are our entertainment.
A dangerous side effect of being a 'true' American.
It raises big, intriguing questions that rarely, if ever, come up in the hubbub about steroid use in professional athletics, particularly Major League Baseball.
Chris Bell's very personal documentary, tracking how steroid use influenced his body building family's game, health and interpersonal relationships, is neither an apology nor a hard-lined expose about doping.
If steroids were outlawed, only outlaws would have steroids
This is one of the best documentary films of 2008, along with 'Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father.'
Though somewhat repetitive and clunky, Chris Bell's Bigger Stronger Faster deserves credit for presenting a fairly evenhanded examination of steroids & their threat to the integrity of the country's sports industry.
A matter-of-fact funny and clever in-depth look at steroid use in modern-day America.
A wide-ranging look at the use of performance-enhancing drugs in America
Pessoal como Moore (incluindo um momento Roger and Me com Schwarzenegger) e auto-referencial como Spurlock (mas mais honesto), Bell cria um filme que levanta questões realmente relevantes sobre a caça às bruxas relativa ao uso de esteróides.
Like many of the best documentaries, [it] doesn't take us exactly where we expect to go.
Bell's film is in need of an unbiased editor, but his conclusion that the use of steroids is rooted in a poisonous American belief that bigger is inherently better and second best is just first among losers is compelling.
Giving his film real emotional kick are the personal stories of Mad Dog and Stinky, two average guys chasing a media-fed dream that will only result in disappointment.
An an insider, Bell's work here is comprehensive to the point of over-saturation, but it's all so alien and interesting that it doesn't bog down.
It may or may not change your opinion of how we should treat steroids in America, but it will at least give you greater sympathy for people who use them.
A thoughtful, informative and thoroughly entertaining examination of the role of performance-enhancing drugs in modern life.
The fault is not in our steroids, but in ourselves.
...goes from poignant to amusing to tiresome...
The unique point of view -- from a guy who used to take steroids and has two brothers who still do -- is the reason to see this.
Bell makes some good points about the dark side of the American dream, but much of his argument about steroids is muddled.
It's an interesting story and is well-told for the most part.
A lively and incisive look into the nation's growing preoccupation with pumped-up superlatives.
To me, honesty like that is what heroes are made of.
[A] charming and eye-opening film.
Unexpectedly funny [and] sometimes angry.
An interesting and eye-opening journey.
But in the end I think Bell is not so much pro-steroids but rather eager to open up a debate about the drug. He doesn't pretend to have answers but he's full of questions.
Smart, touching and enlightening, a combination that makes Bigger, Stronger, Faster the best documentary of the year so far.
By making this journey personal, a powerful vulnerability permeates the film.
...if anyone wants to have a serious discussion about the entire supplement situation, this excellent film is a good place to start.
"It's hard to dislike any movie that begins with footage of Hulk Hogan defeating the Iron Sheik in 1984, although knowing how closely Vince McMahon guards the WWE's tape library, I don't know how Bell got permission to use the footage in the film."
It'll shake up your beliefs not just about steroids but about competition, hypocrisy, body obsession and American notions of masculinity.
Bigger, Stronger, Faster* tackles the steroids debate in ways audiences won't see coming.
It transcends its subject matter to ask provocative, disturbing questions.
Bell posits that their disillusionment is a side effect of being American and he may well be right.
Bigger, Stronger, Faster* is that rare film that truly challenges its audience.
A hugely entertaining personal documentary about what steroids mean to American pop culture.
Bigger, Stronger, Faster* may prove to be more than just a good time at the movies; it could be another Super Size Me ... only bigger. Muscle, after all, weighs more than fat.
This movie is remarkable in that it seems to be interested only in facts.
Subverts expectations by being not only complex but surprisingly engaging even as it raises serious questions.
In arguing that drugs are the symptom, not the cause, Bell raises the steroid debate to a whole new level.
Bigger, Stronger, Faster* should be a documentary that Michael Moore watches so that he can learn how to tell both sides of an argument.
By the end of [this] enlightening and infuriating documentary, the culture of winning has been decisively dissected and what is exposed isn't very pretty, but it is undeniably honest.
This young, talented filmmaker has as much muscle as he has heart and brains.
The film isn't quite a memoir; it's also a platform to branch off into other areas, briskly and informatively and with a good deal of clearheadedness.
Bell presents an entertaining but ultimately sneaky piece. By the end of the doc, you realize the debate -- while informative and occasionally eye-opening -- is largely one-sided.
Bigger, Stronger, Faster is not just an impressive first film, it's an impressive film.
As intelligent, earnest, and challenging film that is only partly about steroids, and mostly about the culture that makes them go.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then Morgan Spurlock should be thrilled about the new documentary "Bigger, Stronger, Faster*."
There's been a glut of pointless first- person documentaries lately, but newcomer Christopher Bell has a legitimate personal take in his film about Americans who use anabolic steroids.
Powerful stuff.
It's a fascinating and unexpectedly profound and melancholy meditation on what we have become as a country and on the misguided obsessions that made us this way.
Going beyond merely being a devil's advocate, Bell makes for an intelligent, engaging presence, forgoing the annoying forced naiveté proffered by Michael Moore and Morgan Spurlock for tough compassion.
Bigger, Stronger, Faster* is also valuable because it anticipates weightier debates on related topics (gene doping, stem-cell therapy and cloning) where scientific and medical innovation intersects with public and private morality.
Bigger, Stronger, Faster* left me convinced that the steroid scandals will abate as the drugs are reluctantly accepted as inevitable products of a continuing revolution in biotechnology.
A foreboding look at our conception of the human being: as a mechanism that can be sculpted, doped, enhanced, and perfected because, well, because we all want to be powerful and attractive.
...a tightly assembled doc that flows evenly and does its job of informing and entertaining the viewer.
A wise, engaging, and astoundingly comprehensive look at the steroid 'controversy.'
Bell isn't much of a camera presence, and he's an even worse journalist, but his ambitions for this documentary are commendable and, at times, incredibly eye-opening.
Like a cross between Super Size Me and Capturing the Friedmans, this is easily one of the best documentaries of the year.
There are even more provocative notions to be found in the movie's consideration of what it really means to cheat.
Bigger, Stronger, Faster* offers persuasive examples of circumstances in which we let people make their own choices, no matter how dimwitted, from plastic-surgery addiction to daredevil stunts.
Bell's film is not only captivating and entertaining, it takes an American subculture and turns our general understanding of it on its head.
Steroids as demonized innocents is a tough pill to swallow, and while Bell isn't out to build a clear case, he succeeds in muddying the waters.
The performance-enhancing quality behind this muscular movie is director Chris Bell's willingness to go far beyond the call of duty.
What emerges from all this questioning chaos is a pop culture smorgasbord of right, wrong and that big fat combination area we colorfully like to refer to as grey.
Activism lives on: Bigger, Stronger, Faster, Chris Bell's smartly assembled documentary about the great American steroid controversy, takes on the subject as though counteracting the blacklist.
The same lack of personal distance that keeps Bell from scoring cheap shots against the anti-steroid hysterics is the same connection that powers the film's emotional take on America's cult of winning.
Bell finds the epitome of that tragedy in his own family and, in his first film, digs unflinchingly at its roots.
...manages to be two films at once: One is an informative portrait of a power-hungry society; the other is an intensely gripping narrative of personal growth.
Bell's debut feature addresses its subject with both humor and intelligence, approaching the issue of performance enhancement from every conceivable angle
A good documentary will take you places you didn't plan to go, but I didn't really expect that from Bigger, Stronger, Faster, an incisive and compulsively watchable look at America's love affair with steroids.
Addresses its complex topic with both humor and intelligence.
Mounts a surprisingly sophisticated argument...that steroid criminalization amounts to hating the player whilst willfully ignoring the dynamics of the game.
More scrupulously reported than your average Michael Moore film but every bit as entertaining.


@highlight

Bigger, Stronger, Faster* is a fascinating, informative, entertaining and especially introspective account of the American 'enhancement' culture.