Woody Allen's new film is relaxed, easy-to-digest, light entertainment-﻿﻿middle-brow fluff done right.
[Woody] Allen seems to have been refreshed with his sojourn in Europe, and even in something as inconsequential as this has energy and invention.
Is To Rome with Love great Woody Allen? No. It's not even very good Woody Allen. It's probably mediocre Woody Allen, at best. But mediocre Woody Allen is still better than the majority of the movies made today.
When it works, it works well and when it doesn't, which is too often, it is still amusing but very slight.
Midnight in Paris was profound in a deceptively breezy way. To Rome With Love is just plain breezy, but I didn't mind.
Weightless and harmless and made with good cheer.
The value of 'Rome' is reduced by Allen's inability to fluidly meld the overlapping story lines.
Inconsistencies in time and space elements, and a plot that echoes an episode of The Flintstones, join generally underdeveloped attempts at suspending disbelief to mar Allen's attempt to represent the city of Fellini.
Compared to "Midnight in Paris," this homage isn't nearly as sure-footed.
I liked it - but I can see why some won't.
There are four "stories", linked by the fact that they all take place in Rome. None of them are funny, interesting or in the slightest way connected to how real people exist.
These roughly connected comic sketches don't really add up to a whole movie, but there are enough laughs here and there to keep the film afloat.
Allen's Roman sojourn results in little more than a series of fanciful vignettes, occasionally insightful and not without the odd chuckle, but mostly just rather silly and inconsequential.
After the surprise triumph of Midnight in Paris, Woody Allen returns with another charmer set in a foreign city... At 76, he's clearly at the top of his game.
The laughs feel familiar, the characters feel like caricatures and Woody Allen seems to be on autopilot.
Woody Allen's sudsy ode to Rome, while joyful and amusing, rings hollow.
The vacuous dialogue in Allen's screenplay is exceptionally clunky. What he envisages as cheeky comes off as creaky.
He can't get away with what he got away with 50 years ago and that's the thing. His timing is off. He's not funny. He used to be achingly funny and beautiful.
It's not a bad film, but TO ROME WITH LOVE is very minor Woody Allen.
A good-looking, familiar Woody romp.
It's a movie of moments - some great, some good, some flat out bad - just as his Allen's career has been made up of moments too.
A largely forgettable letdown that could have, should have been a contender.
To Rome With Love invites comparisons with Midnight in Paris - to the former's detriment. Opening and closing with Volare, one of the corniest in the Italian pop song repertoire, Allen wears the corny badge with pride throughout
There a frenzy of activity with abundant characters, fast one liners, amusing moments and clever ideas in Woody Allen's love letter to Rome, although after the finesse of Midnight in Paris, it seems rather trivial
To Rome With Love is a triumphant examination of life and love's many splendors, spilt out on the streets on Rome at their wickedly absurd and poignantly profound moments...
If you turned on the lights at the end of To Rome With Love, all you would see is the face of a film critic, overcome with a frustrating sense of unfulfillment.
Anyway, I greatly enjoyed this film.
To Rome With Love finds Woody Allen on autopilot, and not a particularly fine-tuned autopilot either. It's always good to see what Allen has in store, but this outing is disappointing and exhausting.
You would need a heart of anthracite (or an address in Lazio) to sit through To Rome With Love without emitting a snigger.
This stale and flaccid exercise looks as if it has come from one of those old notebooks in which [Allen] keeps discarded ideas.
The director makes a rare appearance in front of his camera and stands out among a star-studded ensemble.
The film's litany of bad ideas overshadows any of its thematic concerns.
It's like being in boring old Heaven when you thought you had won a ticket to exciting, seriocomical Purgatory.
To Rome With Love is carelessly written, uneven in quality, and nowhere near as charming as Midnight In Paris; but its good points place it in the lower-middle range of Allen's output.
Woody Allen's latest cinematic postcard from Europe is decidedly patchy, but the funniest bits made me laugh louder and longer than any other film this year.
None of the storylines are very funny or have any notable bearing on one another.
There is some fun to be had with all the discomfiture and unease; but some of the jokes and situations simply don't work.
A galumphing dud.
Ultimately a disappointment, thanks to uninvolving stories, lazily recycled ideas and a script that feels underdeveloped.
Honestly, "Rome" is a clear step down from "Midnight." But it's a fun, breezy film audiences will enjoy while it lasts and forget soon after. Heaven knows he's made worse films.
Allen spins four separate tales into one frothy romp that's thoroughly enjoyable to watch even as it only barely breaks the surface
Allen's creative revival comes to a juddering halt with a foursome of would-be amusing vignettes that barely muster a laugh between them.
Although To Rome With Love may not be 'major' Allen, it contains treats aplenty.
Pleasant enough.
Baldwin, Cruz and Davis shine in a farce that overstretches itself into bellylaugh hits, but also some satirical misses.
Four trivial stories, forced laughs: don't expect much more from Allen's latest postcard from Europe.
After the cinematic glory Woody Allen bestowed upon Paris, to be given this kind of treatment is akin to being served Steak-umms instead of filet mignon.
...the movie, which admittedly does start out with some promise, ultimately becomes just as aimless and tedious as such recent Allen failures as Whatever Works and You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
There's enough of Woody's familiar shticks to please his regular audience.
Dear Woody, I will always be there for you. Stop punishing me for my loyalty.
Even a weak Woody Allen script is better than so many other less witty projects. 'To Rome With Love' is proof of that.
Now, if Baldwin had been cast as the paparazzi-plagued Benigni character, we might have had something.
The disjointed stories feel like pages from Allen's sketchbook, riffs from underdeveloped story ideas thrown together haphazardly.
It is not "great Allen", even if it is otherwise a supremely characteristic work.
Everything is supposed to be a farce, but it plays out like a boring drama. This film makes 'Midnight in Paris' all the more impressive.
A diverting visit to the Eternal City, as opposed to a romantic adventure in Paris.
Septuagenarian Woody delivers a lovely, gentle perspective--one that might have not been possible in earlier years. In short, he appears to love his characters just a little bit more. And, by default, so do we.
A complete escape from reality where the irrational meets the silly with an overlay of Kafka. Well, that is if Kafka had told better jokes.
If you get right down to it, this might have more solid laughs than its much praised predecessor.
Frustratingly written, haphazardly episodic comic pastiche.
Flighty, fanciful and amusing - but quickly forgettable
Once upon a time, calling a movie "lesser Woody Allen" might be considered a slap in the face. Now, it's more-or-less expected.
Allen's story moves along quite wonderfully, primarily because of his nuanced casting.
Most of the characters are archetypes, yet Allen treats them with genuine affection and avoids the bitterness that's marred much of his recent work.
Woody Allen had a bunch of ideas, none good enough for a movie. Rather than toss them, he threw all of them at the screen to see what would stick. They all stick. Brilliantly.
If Allen had remained in Paris, we might call his new film a divertissement -- a diversion, an amusement, albeit one that is crowded with characters and ideas.
A gorgeous setting for what is essentially warmed-over Woody... unrelated stories focus on familiar themes of romance and celebrity... a clashing assortment of signature styles, as if Allen emptied his notebook and crumpled thin ideas into a script.
Not so enticing
To Rome with Love is no valentine
Not as captivating as last summer's sleeper hit 'Midnight in Paris' (few films are), Woody Allen's follow-up, similarly Euro-centric comedy 'To Rome with Love' offers many of the same pleasures.
Woody Allen follows up his magical Midnight in Paris with a sweet but entirely shrug-worthy stroll through Rome.
Every storyline concludes in the same circular fizzle.
In his late '70s, Allen only has so many working days left in him, and if he has stories and ideas that he's eager to get down on film, he's earned the right.
It's minor Woody, but it's still Woody.
Not great, but not grating.
No one is going to remember To Rome With Love as a highlight of Woody Allen's European period, but it's a pleasant diversion.
Just because writer/director Woody Allen may have enchanted you with Parisian midnights does not mean you'll necessarily fall in love with Rome.
Well, it's not "Midnight in Paris," but it's not "Whatever Works," either.
Alas, it's a love letter written on the fly, with brushstroke characters working their way through a cluster of sketchy, disconnected plotlines.
A charming but terribly self-indulgent trifle that's less than the sum of its many parts.
That's the miracle of this filmmaker. Woody Allen will make the occasional stinker, but he's always a year away from his next masterpiece.
Overall, the storytelling is jumbled, the movie is in fragments and too much time is spent with boring silliness.
Allen undermines these slight stories by cutting between them, even though the timelines don't match up. As Baldwin says: "With age comes exhaustion."
Fans of Allen's magnificent earlier work can only look at this effort and feel their own brand of Ozymandias melancholia.
In the end, Woody Allen and Rome go together like corned beef and gelato.
It wanders the winding streets of the Eternal City like a lost tourist, asking for directions but never finding its way.
A film that sometimes comes off as an intersection of tangents, but it also gives rise to moments of joyous whimsy.
I'd say it's mainly for fans of Allen or Rome.
The best thing that can said about the picture is that it's a pleasant time-waster that also doubles as a travelogue for anyone interested in visiting Italy.
As generally affable as it is inarguably minor.
To Rome with Love desperately needs a script polish, as well as an entire third act.
[Allen] has several alter egos from Aleck Baldwin, to Jesse Eisenberg and to Woody himself, making this one of his more self-indulgent films to date.
Allen seems to be aiming for the precise intersection of art and commerce where sophistication is implied, but nothing that takes place is ever obscure or challenging or revelatory.
Allen gives us a richly textured film that is part love story, part comedy of errors, a little bit farce and a little bit tragedy.
It's all rather sweet but instantly evanescent.
Has many wonderful moments and a nice, sustained humor throughout.
Even at 76, Allen maintains his grueling pace of releasing one film a year, which doesn't allow much time for finely tuned scripts, robust character development or visual finesse.
An occasionally amusing, but also lightweight, scattered, and ultimately less successful comedy than Allen's last outing. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
Somewhere in here is a real movie, but it's hard to find in all the mess (which, despite everything, is actually funny from time to time).
Woody is channeling Garry Marshall
To Rome with Love is a lark, for sure, but it's one that has some genuine wisdom just under the surface.
If "Midnight in Paris" was a love letter to the City of Lights, this is more like a postcard with "Wish You Were Here" scribbled on it and there is nothing wrong with that.
[Woody Allen's] most jarring failure since 2003's "Anything Else."
Allen's s real art form is the perpetual production schedule...It plays like a first draft, or even a handful of random notes grabbed at random from a drawer.
It's often inept, moment to moment.
More distressing are Allen's regressive treatment of women...and an off-putting solipsism.
Just a series of four disappointingly slight one-joke featurettes.
Allen probably makes too many movies. This one's OK. He'll make more.
May seem light and sweet, but Allen's serving acid in a chocolate milk carton.
[It] generates no particular excitement or surprise, but it provides the sort of pleasure [Allen] seems able to generate almost on demand.
If you're expecting another "Midnight in Paris" -- and you may well in the first moments of the new film -- you will be disappointed.
The dialogue sounds as if Allen hasn't been out of doors in the past 30 years. The characters are stale stage archetypes. And the all-star cast he's rounded up to play the parts often recognize this.
Woody Allen's new movie, To Rome with Love, is light and fast, with some of the sharpest dialogue and acting that he's put on the screen in years. The picture gently but surely moves back and forth between romantic comedy and satirical farce.
At times this multiple-plot meander through the glorious labyrinth of the Eternal City can feel aimless, even lazy. But in the film's best moments, that willingness to wander works to its advantage.
Ellen Page takes narcissism to new heights. Coldly manipulative, Monica is not quite an all-out villain, but she's close.
The film toys with various coincidences among its characters without enough consistency or realistic grounding to resonate as anything more than a trifle.
Rarely has one of Allen's movies been so overstuffed with tired subplots and bland characters, and never have his beloved themes felt so superficially explored.
Following the unprecedented audience reaction to Midnight in Paris, Allen has conceived a multi-character mosaic of stories set in the Eternal City...but, sorry to say, To Rome With Love falls flat.
Not as creative as "Midnight in Paris," but it's a funny, quirky, frothy diversion.
Allen lauds Rome in neurotic but teen-friendly comedy.
The four tales in To Rome, With Love are lighter than air in terms of their sense of humor, but also carry the same melancholic undertone that has underlined many of Allen's late-career comedies.
Offers the uncommon pleasures of trimly wrought dialogue, witty situations, and fine comic actors happy to be serving their director's familiar purposes.
It plays less like a movie Woody Allen truly needed to make and more like one he took on so he could get a little work in while vacationing in Rome.
Allen has made several great films, and some that were placeholders, marking time on his once-a-year schedule until the next great one. Oddly, in To Rome, both Allens show up.
Even loyal fans have to admit this isn't so much a movie as four little one-page New Yorker stories, strung together with "Volare" and one-too-many shots of the Trevi fountain.
The comedy is passable, and the ways the stories play off each other provides enough to think about to be engaging.
A cannoli with an international cast, To Rome With Love is looser-and sillier-than Paris, but still a treat.
An affectionate but meandering comedy that contemplates romance, fame, legacy and longing.
It's often frivolous and banal, though never tedious. It does offer moments of buoyant humor, farcical fun and consistently gorgeous cinematography.
What's on screen is a collection of clichés intermingled with outlandish farce or surreal fantasy.
To Rome with Love feels thin and lazy, another collection of familiar ensemble skits carelessly strung together in a cross-generational contemplation of the Big Issues that have plagued Allen's life and fed his art.
To Rome with Love is just froth - a romantic sampler with some decent jokes and gorgeous Roman backdrops.
A multi-story film with warnings about the dangers and delusions of love, marriage, fame, and the need to control everything that shows up in our lives.
Thinly conceived segments set in Rome represent a comedown for Woody Allen after the huge success of last year's Midnight in Paris.
To Rome With Love lacks the overarching theme of time and regret that distinguished Allen's last romantic comedy, but it has pleasures galore.
The results don't rank with his greatest triumphs, but there are enough laughs and watchable performances to make it all go down easy.
Enjoyable but minor Woody Allen, a film that keeps you watching and chuckling, if not exactly laughing out loud.
It's lazy, frivolous filmmaking -- To Rome With Love has about as much intent as a vacation -- but in spurts, gives real pleasure.
You never feel like you're anywhere except a mediocre New Yorker casual.
One of the most delightful things about "To Rome With Love" is how casually it blends the plausible and the surreal, and how unabashedly it revels in pure silliness.
Palatable overall, if vaguely inauthentic and unsatisfying, like an allegedly local meal bought at a tourist restaurant.
He's still the same curmudgeon obsessed with mortality, and he doesn't really have any zingers this time, but it works and it never hurts hurt the film. Only now he wears his pants too high. Pull your pants down, Woody.
Woody lite, this pretty string of short stories is uneven, landing it nowhere near Allen's best or his worst.
Weak fluff but a devastating looks at no-talent celebrities. Only the harried, suddenly anointed celebrity tale was beautifully crafted satire.
Woody Allen has become such a beguiling travel agent that he rolls through these stories with a relaxed effervescence that is rather infectious.
It will never be listed among his greats, but its willingness to surrender - that is, Allen's willingness to surrender - to mere pleasantness makes it charming enough.
In To Rome with Love, Woody is back on screen. His flippant patter is still amusing, but his persona doesn't sharpen the movie at all. His patented anxiousness is distracting. Fortunately, it doesn't distract from anything interesting.
A cast of familiar but never tedious Woody characters sprung from his humble, neurotic imagination, that he is never shy about sharing. And seemingly eager as always to engage the audience as his personal metaphorical shrink. Woody takes a guilt trip.
...a refreshing summer entertainment, not too sweet but not terribly bitter, and very picturesque besides.
It's time to pack up the Vuitton and come home, Woody. Your inspiration is thin, you're running out of euros, and you're having a bad day.
This Rome is luminous, and Allen, as in Manhattan, is great at imbuing his film with a strong sense of location.
It's not Nero who's fiddling, but Allen, bopping and dithering around the city like a tourist so desperate to cram in all the sights that he comes away only with a few crisp highlights and a lot of out-of-focus snapshots.
Adultery is easy; comedy is hard. But what lifts this film well above mediocrity is the presence of Woody Allen himself after a six years' absence from acting.
Woody Allen's films are a lot like pizza, to keep the metaphor Italian. Even when they're bad they're good.
To Rome With Love feels unfinished-a problem it partly addresses but can't recover from.
A disappointing follow-up to Midnight in Paris.
Mildly entertaining.
[VIDEO ESSAY] "To Rome With Love" could easily be construed as more of a "French letter" than a love letter to Italy's Eternal City.
"With age comes exhaustion," according to a rueful line late in the film, and it serves as a fitting diagnosis for Woody Allen's latest fallen souffle set in a European cultural capital.
I was blissed out during much of To Rome With Love, but I have to acknowledge its creepy side.
This impossibly cheerful feature is lost in translation thanks to its dull comedy, irritatingly happy outlook and misplaced fantasy.
Frivolous, schematic, and overlong, Allen's valentine to the Eternal City is one of the weakest entries in his European film tour.
It's a bouncy trifle that allows Allen to explore some of his favorite topics in a more light-hearted fashion, but while it cooks up a number of laughs and more than a few great performances, it's nothing less than a minor effort.
Though it has a certain charm, To Rome With Love is little more than a travel brochure with jokes.
Funny in fragments, Woody Allen's "To Rome With Love" is crammed with enough unrelated incidents to fill one of his short-story collections and has the same lack of cohesion.
This pleasantly diverting, none-too-strenuous arthouse excursion feels like a throwback to Allen's short-story anthologies, with the added pleasure of seeing a game cast play along.
Allen the writer-director has gone tone-deaf this time around, somehow not realizing that the nonstop prattling of the less than scintillating characters almost never rings true.




@highlight

To Rome With Love sees Woody Allen cobbling together an Italian postcard of farce, fantasy, and comedy with only middling success.