This is a sad movie then -- albeit its most touching moment comes in the form of a simple hug between two like souls -- but also a very beautiful one.
The film's many internal frames bring bodies together-sex is in the air-but they also suggest people making do with the fences that are a fact of life.
A film in which its theme isn't expressed in the plot but in its style. [Full review in Spanish]
Neon Bull doesn't move viewers toward political consciousness about either animal cruelty or human tenderness. Iremar and his disadvantaged cohorts rouse fascination about beasts (mammals), not human beings or citizens.
The documentary filmmaking background of Brazilian director Gabriel Mascaro informs much of his second dramatic feature, which ventures deep without judgment or undue instigation into the lives of a group of itinerant rodeo workers
A strangely hypnotic experience.
Laced with empathy, insight and more than a few narrative, visual and emotional surprises, Neon Bull proves a winner.
...hypnotic...
There are some arresting images at the beginning of the film that signal a visual storyteller and indeed the film opens a window into a world that is at once half familiar and foreign
Every frame aims to be a visual poem and the film sums up in sweaty sensuality. [Full review in Spanish]
Poverty and tradition are combined in a elusive story about rodeo life in northeastern Brazil. [Full review in Spanish]
Relationships and what could be seen as traditional gender roles ripple as fluidly as the muscles on a bull's back, as Mascaro immerses us in Iremar's world.
Most of the movie is poking bulls, blaring rodeo announcers, time spent in the back of the truck as the bulls are moved from point A to point B. Not exactly riveting stuff ...
With all the grace and symmetry of a peacock fanning its tail, director Gabriel Mascaro reveals his hand in quixotic blasts of expressionistic color, graphic sensuality, and a few things we've never before seen on film...
The cowboy character would have benefited from a stronger story arc, but Cazarré is quietly charismatic in the role, a Brando-esque figure searching for meaning beyond maschismo.
A succession of voluptuary visuals in its sketched-in scenes and dabs of poetic fancy, with humans, with animals and with humans who dance wearing a mask of a horse's head.
Mascaro works much like his protagonist, gathering together details, images, and scenes to create unexpected visions. The narrative seems desultory and repetitive until it coalesces into some arresting, if not perverse, sequences.
Visually ravishing and sexually provocative, Neon Bull offers an unforgettable portrait of a changing Brazil, at once earthy and arty.
The film is filthy with nuanced moments of fierce, sweaty intimacy, all shot with a precise eye for detail. At the very least, it will make you rethink your next rodeo.
Brazilian filmmaker Gabriel Mascaro's Neon Bull finds grim economic commentary in the lives of a handful of people who work in a rodeo, tending bulls that are roped by flashy riders in the ring.
Bull is David Cronenberg's Crash set in the world of Brazilian rodeo - not just in the way that both the bipeds and the cattle live in cramped conditions, but also the sheer amount of sex and nudity that occur in very close proximity to the animals.
There's talent on view here, but in service of a questionable proposition, with the whole thing tiptoeing toward the exploitative.
The wordless way that they click suggests a sexual telepathy, there's real tenderness in their sounds and movements, and the characters seem to be having a really good time-which is still something of a rarity when it comes to sex in art cinema.
Mascaro shows that humans might be prone to the same animal instincts as animals themselves, but the private masquerade of dressing and undressing is really something to see.
The languid pace and barnyard earthiness won't be to everybody's taste, but it's hard to deny Mascaro's vision.
The characters are given no real depth-they're types more than people-and the narrative has practically zero dramatic tension or development.
The minutiae of rodeo life depicted in Neon Bull have the quality of a fly-on-the-wall documentary...
'Neon Bull' avoids cliché as well as editorializing comment, and thus approaches to unadorned realism.
"Neon Bull" is a profound reflection on the intersection of the human and bestial.
There's considerable talent on view here, even if it's mostly expended on local color, incidental moments, and random weirdness. Maybe Mascaro should try grabbing the horns next time, rather than the tail.
It boasts a dirty sensuality you can feel. [Full review in Spanish]
Neon Bull is then, like few rural themed movies, an open celebration of the bodies' work and sensuality, and exaltation of masculinity, but also about their transgressions. [Full Review in Spanish]
Serves as a travelogue and a gender-bender, highlighting a man who is a macho rodeo ranch hand by day and who operates a sewing machine at night.
With scalpel-like precision, Gabriel Mascaro's second narrative feature frankly yet effortlessly explores sexuality, environmental issues, and suffering both human and animal.
Everything in the film is understood to be a subsumed sex act, with actual sex serving as a contextualizing catharsis.
Cunningly ambivalent and stickily atmospheric, Neon Bull is an impressive exercise in style that further broadens the possibility of queer filmmaking.
Mascaro's film is an auspicious, original, and absorbing work that thrills with its look into this little-seen world and the dreamers that inhabit it.
Its thematic and formal execution invites comparisons to the equally caustic work of Lav Diaz.
Though comprised of a series of beautifully framed static shots, it overflows with vitality ... you are not likely to forget it.
Não é filme de trama, mas de observação.

@highlight

Neon Bull 's hypnotic visual poetry occasionally borders on exploitation, though its reflective nature softens its animalistic gaze.