This film is a shebang, a full-scale show, complete with everything you would happily pay to see: costumes, tattoos, scratchy folk music, gambling in saki dens. You will eat it up.
If you're looking for a real hero you could really do no better than Takeshi Kitano's blind masseur, Zatoichi.
The Blind Swordsman: Zatoichi begins life as a straight-up samurai movie, evolves into a slapstick comedy and ends as a rousing, tap-dancing musical.
This non-traditional samurai movie isn't for kids.
Violent and bloody, carefully choreographed and filled with dry humor, Takeshi Kitano's modern take on the classic Japanese character is a unique vision that's told with confidence.
Zatoichi is a bloody film that also manages to be beautiful and funny.
Three-frame cuts of the action from multiple camera angles, hose-spurted blood and superimposed wounds do what they can in their primitive way to get you past the problem of improbability.
Seen now, sans all the hype and hoopla)...we can gauge Kitano's production for what it truly is - a compelling and quite complex bit of fractured folklore.
Beat Takeshi's take on the Zatoichi storyline is very entertaining and continuously original...
I freely admit that I have not been seduced by Takeshi Kitano's films, no, not even Hana-Bi.
The result meanders, but provides a few exciting moments.
Zatoichi is a mix-and-match crowd-pleaser that shouldn't add up, but delightfully does.
Imposing, yet often intimate. Abrasive, but amusing. Arty, but eminently accessible. Bring on the sequel.
However improbably, Kitano pulls it off quite gloriously. Admittedly, this isn't one of his most idiosyncratic, innovative or, indeed, satisfying works, but it's without doubt fast, funny, fabulous to behold.
Parecería que Kitano se está divirtiendo, más que nada.
É uma pena que esta tenha sido, provavelmente, a única incursão de Kitano pelo universo de Zatoichi. Seria bom ver o samurai cego mais vezes.
A rich display of fantasy swordsplay at its goriest, slickest and most demanding.
Despite its period setting, it's a return to the combination of slapstick humor, dramatic intrigue, and sudden bloodshed that distinguished his early efforts. In other words, it's vintage Kitano.
I'd call Zatoichi stylish to the point of distraction, except I'm not sure what I was being distracted from.
For those unfamiliar with such films, Zatoichi might be a little off-putting. But given a chance, the movie can be pretty entertaining.
Zatoichi triumphs where few movies dare to tread
This ain't your sensei's samurai film.
Its style is zesty and surprising, and that more than compensates for any ordinariness in its storyline.
Zatoichi is successful in that it retains its own personality even while echoing other films and genres.
Serenely beautiful and gloriously bloody.
For the most part, such risky maneuvers work and give the whole picture a refreshing, unique feel.
A revisionist re-imagining of the character for modern audiences that retains and celebrates its spirit.
Takeshi Kitano is one of the best filmmakers working today.
For the most part, a faithful recreation of the Blind Swordsman's mystique. Old fans should not be dissapointed, and new fans should seek out the source material post haste.
The clashes are lightning quick, heavily reliant on the talents of director of photography and longtime Takeshi Kitano associate Katsumi Yanagijima.
A jolt of violent wackiness that defies logic, even while it entertains.
Overlong, underpopulated and essentially pointless.
Kitano's take on the classic 'blind swordsman' character of Japanese cinema outdoes Tarantino's playacting in every particular.
Part Three Stooges, part "'Seven Samurai," "Zatôichi" is the film Quentin Tarantino tried to realize with the one-two sucker punch of "Kill Bill."
Kitano himself (as Beat Takeshi) plays the blind man with both humor and occasional fury. It's nearly impossible not to like this character.
This isn't arty violence, just violence, and pretty pedestrian for a samurai picture.
Already the reinvented samurai genre has started to go dull...You'd have to be blind not to notice the tricked-up swordplay.
More than just a treat for the martial arts crowd, this is a boon for movie lovers of all stripes.
This is a wonderfully odd movie, proof that an artist can leave his personal stamp on any film, no matter the genre.
Kitano critiques genre conventions and poses, linking himself to the Jarmusch of 'Dead Man' and 'Ghost Dog' rather than to Kurosawa or Eastwood...
There's this thing about line-dancing samurais - they're never boring.
Beneath its layers of epic detail, this Zatôichi is cinematic cotton candy.
Has lots of style and little substance.
Zatoichi is no ordinary samurai story.
A savvy blend of slapstick, sword fights and samurai honor.
A vaudeville of entertainment, of which revenge and swordsmanship are only two of the acts
Zatoichi himself is a remarkable creation. With his dry laugh and cocked head, Kitano makes him a kind of clown -- an ideal choice for a film so concerned with fun, games, and performing.
Kitano has come up with one of the most flat-out imaginative films to arrive in American theaters this summer.
I didn't get most of it, or like all of it, but at least it came in less than two volumes.
[Kitano] captures almost perfectly the flavor of the decades-old films while simultaneously presenting something entirely new and entirely entertaining.
An immensely entertaining and at times moving story.
Witty, gruesome, and artful fun.
The chief innovation Kitano brings to the award-winning Zatoichi and the samurai film genre is the use of computer-generated blood spurts to go with images of the swordsman killing his opponents with lightning speed and efficiency.
The movie isn't so much a celebration of swordplay as a giddy knock-off of a million samurai movies.
A breathtakingly choreographed dance of revenge and justice.
Kitano has an enormous amount of fun goofing on Kurosawa archetypes, but here is a film with a song in its heart. (Yup, its a bloody samurai musical.)
A delirious pulp musical cum waste-laying siege that knows no parallel.
Boy, is this baby a hoot.
While Kitano- the-performer fights with his seemingly endless array of enemies, Kitano the filmmaker makes sure that everything is beautiful, from the wonderful colors and passing tableaux to the intricate fighting choreography.
Aimed squarely at a samurai-literate audience, and its appeal beyond that is probably limited.
There aren't that many action films that end in musical numbers and this film makes you wonder why. Nutty stuff.
It's the kind of film I more and more find myself seeking out, a film that seems alive in the sense that it appears to have free will.
In the latter part of the film, [Kitano] exhibits an urge to liberate Zatoichi and himself from the action-movie template completely.
Ah, so I can't see, I still carry a big stick...There are a lot of film genres you could lump this with because it's got them all.
... a colorful if impersonal audience pleaser done up in a showy, fluid style with a tongue-in-cheek flair.
Mr. Kitano slips into the title role like a second skin.
Takeshi Kitano, both as director and actor in the character of Ichi, seems to be blending more modern influences with the older themes.
A masterpiece of wry violence and stylized mayhem.
Before Hollywood even thinks of remaking this perfect little Japanese martial arts film, they need to understand a thing or two about the cinema of cool.
Zatoichi: The Blind Swordsman is ultimately so entertaining, with its oddball mixture of tongue-in-cheek humor and exciting fight sequences, that you're more than willing to overlook its flaws.
"Beat" Takeshi adds his own sensibility to classic pop culture icon
In this case Kitano's characteristically idiosyncratic approach to genre material pays rich dividends.
Those so familiar with Kitano's tough-guy roles that they can't credit the fact that he got his start in Japanese show business as a comedian will see a different side of him here; it's his most antic film performance yet.
[T]his is just great stuff.
Kitano has loosened up, using stronger color schemes and relying less on the shock value of his editing.
No longer the reluctant warrior who gets drawn into battle only out of necessity, this Zatoichi is more than willing to kick a little behind if he's in the mood.
Zatoichi is an interesting effort by a creative filmmaker. It is good but not nearly great with some very effective performances
A quirky take on the popular character Zatoichi.
Hyper-violent yet emotionally powerful, The Blind Swordsman: Zatoichi is the rare exploitation film that values relationships over bloodshed. But the bloodshed is still pretty awesome.
A delight.
Some culture-specific humor that doesn't translate well and a protagonist who is downright silly--- always chuckling and cackling to himself in a way that gets on the nerves.
Kitano enters new terrority with Zatoichi, his first period piece -- and emerges victorious.
Stone-faced Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano blurs the line between insanity and genius with The Blind Swordsman: Zatoichi.
Anybody looking for relentless action is bound to be disappointed.
With The Blind Swordsman: Zatoichi, Kitano not only recreates an iconic hero at a time that's ripe, he explores the underlying tempi of art at large.
It often feels like many episodes of a serial compressed into a single feature. This may, in the end, be easier to digest than 25 sequels and a hundred hours of television. It may also whet your appetite for more.
Kitano's character may have his eyes closed, but this is one filmmaker who always ensures that the audience has theirs wide open.
A blast of gory fun.
Stylishly directed and smartly acted, especially by the filmmaker-star, who gives one of his best performances as the unerring swordsman.
Kitano's direction is a fine balance of artistic brilliance, low-key slapstick diversion, and plenty of swift swordplay.
Takeshi 'Beat' Kitano has updated the character in a crowd pleasing mishmash of ultra violence, revenge, comedy and "Stomp-like" musical interludes
A little Ozu, a little Kurosawa and a whole lot of rock & roll.
The movie, quite simply, goes to sleep whenever Zatoichi isn't fighting. When he is, it's a pulp dazzler.
Say hello to a pop cinema masterpiece.
Although Zatoichi should act like an introduction to those unfamiliar with the character and genre, it relies far too much on those watching it knowing the original source material.
A reasonably good Kurosawa pastiche.
Negates the possibility of legitimate suspense by denying the title character true challenges, and undercuts the impact of its melees with its purely CGI violence.
Over-plotted and at times incoherent but never dull, this is a stylishly designed, highly entertaining bloodbath full of offbeat comedy and inspired musical moments.
Takeshi Kitano offers his take on a pop-culture standard and demonstrates his immense talent with blood, brains and soul.
...une balance parfaite de contemporain et de classique...
If there were ever a movie seeking adoption by a willing cult, this baby's it.
Despite its flimsy plot and screenplay, The Blind Swordsman: Zatoichi is indeed entertaining, and is one of the more bizarre -- and bloody -- foreign films to hit mainstream North American theatres in quite a while.
Violent, capricious, musical and endlessly inventive.
...Kitano concludes the film in such a way that one almost forgets the tedium that came before it (almost, but not quite).
It is in the action that the film?s most prominent flaw lies.
With sword fights galore and geysers of blood, Zatoichi is sake-flavored popcorn.
Beat makes the character his own with a blond Iggy Pop dye job and wicked mischief flickering under his hooded lids.
There's something impressive about a film that manages to acknowledge the intrinsic lunacy of its concept without yet depriving the story of any of its power or immediacy.
The violence is thrilling, the blood splatter prodigious and painterly. It's also exaggerated, allowing viewers to revel in the bloodbath without being revolted by it.
Taken on its own terms, Takeshi Kitano's vision of a vanished samurai world is a true work of art.
Zatoichi finds a legacy diminished by his new, updated masters.
From the very first fight scene, Kitano demonstrates how to blend action and comedy in such a way that the constituent elements are all but indistinguishable.
Art as action, action as art: it's blood-spattered poetry. With a body count.
A rambunctiously entertaining, eccentric combination of superfast swordplay, knockabout humour and stylish surrealism.
And the Beat goes on with another original take by Kitano on a samurai Zorro.
Action-adventure, comedy, and musical - any way you slice it, Takeshi Kitano's Zatôichi rocks.
Kitano contemplates a strange, seductive relationship between the space inside Zatoichi's head and the sounds of the world outside.
Everything a samurai movie shouldn't be: boring, long, and trying to upstage Michael Flatley
A certifiably oddball but irresistibly entertaining concoction.
Loaded with well-rounded, well-performed characters, including Beat who gives us one of his best acting roles as the title character.
Extremely enjoyable period samurai drama, now with added tap-dancing -- featuring lashings of gushing digital blood, this should satisfy anyone still hungering for Samurai Action after Kill Bill.
It's perhaps a bit choppy and slowly paced for modern audiences more used to mindless Michael Bay-style action. But give it a chance -- it'll win you over.
With its mix of melancholy moments, abrupt violence and broadly played buffoonery, Zatoichi is very much a Kitano movie, yet he still treats the genre with respect.
Kitano's version is more like a Three Stooges feature, only with cross-dressing and a high blood budget.



@highlight

Colorful, rich with action and wonderfully choreographed, Takeshi Kitano takes on the classic samurai character with his own brand of cinematic flair.