The over-arching themes of Trudie Styler's debut feature, Freak Show, are tolerance, inclusion and acceptance, and they're pretty much impossible to argue with.
A drama so forced, all good intentions are forgotten by the umpteenth cliché, about six minutes in.
It's good natured and well intentioned, but you end up wishing that Styler's directorial decisions were even half as bold as Billy's wardrobe.
Cartoonish and clichéd.
It barely scratches the surface of the complex themes that it wants to explore.
Lawther is subtle. The film? Not so much.
Freak Show is a well-meaning story but the characters don't behave like teenagers.
The soundtrack is terrific, some observations about teenage sexuality are tackled well, but overall it's a bit too "Search for the hero inside yourself" for my liking. Show, don't tell.
As Billy, Lawther gives a fabulous, bravura performance - well, half bravura, half mascara.
The film itself lacks the daring of its own central character as it moves into the realm of feelgood high school fantasy.
The movie is tiresome and supercilious almost all of the time, and Lawther's performance is directed with a heavy hand.
"Freak Show" is a hot mess with good intentions.
That all said, Billy's story still has power and could still be a comfort to those fighting their own battles against bullying, and there's real inspiration in his refusal to be anyone other than who he is.
"Freak Show" is carried by a fully committed performance from Lawther, who quivers and swans and roars like the best of the Hollywood grand dames.
Billy's schoolmates are either implausible (the jock who quotes Oscar Wilde) or one-dimensional (Abigail Breslin's Trump-ite cheerleader who insists 'all gays are going to hell'), though Laverne Cox lights up the screen with a fleeting cameo.
The eclectic soundtrack works in its favour and should appeal to a young audience, some of whom may treasure its sincere message about embracing your individuality.
Lawther never winks at the camera (even when he's winking at the camera), because Billy certainly isn't a joke to himself.
Freak Show is fantastic, feel-good and fabulous - a hugely funny and entertaining movie packed with all the laughs and touching moments only that level of camp can deliver.
John Hughes died in 2009, but if he were alive today and still making movies, one has to think he would probably be making movies like Freak Show.
Freak Show has more to say than initially meets the eye, the face hiding behind the false eyelashes, heavy foundation and glamorous makeup not all that different than our own.
It's a Frankenstein's monster of teen comedies, lumbering from one cliché to the next on its way to an inevitable conclusion.
Styler gives an admirable directorial debut despite a few minor missteps with Freak Show, bringing a career-making performance out of Alex Lawther and breathing life into Clifton and Rigazio's mediocre adaption of St. James' novel with tact.
Most of this coming-of-age film, directed by Trudie Styler, is played for gentle laughs, though there are the expected after-school-special messages about being kind, and being true to yourself, and so on.
Witty empowerment story deals with teen homophobia.
... benefits from an eclectic cast but unfortunately detours into a predictable and heavy-handed political satire.
It neglects to address the reality of Billy's universe, which is filled with a lot more behavioral nuance and social and familial struggle than the feature dares to show.
It is never boring, and its plea for inclusion, acceptance and tolerance over bullying in the confusing fabric of a changing society is laudable.
Keeps things likeably frothy and delivers nicely on both entertainment and emotional fronts.
There are times when Freak Show seems like a high school film repurposed from other high school films, rather than an authentic vision of life outside Chloë Sevigny's hometown.
Mr. Lawther is sympathetic and appealing as Billy, but Ms. Styler seems to mistake broad strokes for stylistic daring, and her colorful but diffuse movie never jells.
Bitterly funny and warmly empathetic ...
Freak Show is a much-needed film that focuses on a gender-nonconforming teen in high school and preaches the message of acceptance and inclusion.
Styler's peppy but thin foray into feature direction is especially disappointing following her strong track record as a producer of more singular, stylistically confident indies ...
At the heart of this tale, and the film's paramount appeal, is the staggeringly impressive turn by Lawther, who manages to be so overtly confident in the role, and yet internally so vulnerable.
Styler's directorial debut isn't the cinematic equivalent of wearing blue jeans, but much of its flash and style - though gorgeously costumed by Colleen Atwood and Sarah Laux - smacks of calculation and imitation rather than real flair.
That it unfolds with a near-complete absence of finesse or subtlety probably won't matter a whit to a target audience weaned on Glee.

@highlight

Freak Show relies on engaging performances and obviously good intentions to cover for its clichéd story and uneven direction -- and for some viewers, it may well be enough.