This is a movie that manages to leave its audience breathless without ever overexerting itself.
... the protagonists of the film put ethics before ideologies and do not hesitate to confront their audience... [Full review in Spanish]
... hardly anyone can throw the first stone: by action or omission the responsibility is distributed to broad sectors of society. [Full review in Spanish]
It's those characters who give the rhythm to the story, they make the heart of the movie beat. [Full review in Spanish]
There are great performances by the cast, especially Schreiber who delivers a placid interpretation of constant reflection. [Full review in Spanish]
Spotlight manages the seemingly impossible task of wooing journalists with authenticity while still elevating reporters to hero status, as they battle a formidable and corrupt institution with righteous determination.
The script is amazing in its mastery of the complex material, since many strands converged for the paper to break the hold of the hierarchy over the city...
Birdman couldn't do it, but Spotlight just may win Michael Keaton an Oscar.
The downbeat material is matched by a quiet celebration that the dogged pursuit of the truth can and should matter, and that journalists, given resources, can provide this necessary check on power.
The screenplay, by Tom McCarthy and Josh Singer, is a well-oiled machine, drawing emotional resonances out of juxtapositions, while coherently connecting the logistical dots of an enormously complex investigation.
...a brilliant, precise cast. [Full Review in Spanish]
At a time when there are hardly any essays dedicated to investigative journalism, another survivor, the cinema, has assumed a responsibility that we got rid of a long time ago... [Full review in Spanish]
Takes the research, analysis, interviews, red tape, dead ends and backroom politics of investigative journalism and turns it into an art form.
Spotlight is not a film about triumph, unlike most movies about the revelation of an ugly truth; it is a film that recognizes triumph as being just a step on the way to the next battle.
Spotlight serves as a genuine reminder to all journalists (whether they are doing actual important research or just writing about entertainment) that the effort and quality of their work should be the primary focus
Journalism is the hero here and this film is a compelling, impassioned and nostalgic glimpse of the work and time it requires.
British audiences need to know is that it's very American, emotionally tough going and, at times, rather difficult to follow. But none of this stops it being an important film -- and a pretty good one too.
Hands down the best movie I've seen at TIFF, Spotlight is a phenomenal film, absolutely pitch perfect from start to finish.
Less compelling in its moralizing, Spotlight is propelled by the dictates of the procedural genre, which director Tom McCarthy nails with reportorial efficiency.
There is no "I" in team, but we need to start spotlighting the reality that, more often than not, it requires coordinated effort to achieve massive aims. Now that's the whole truth and nothing but.
Equal parts engaging, emotional and enlightening. It just shows the importance of a great script and even better storytelling.
If there is any heroism in Spotlight then it's a very humble one: the heroism of getting the facts right, which seems, today, almost too much to ask of mainstream newspapers.
The true standout is [Mark] Ruffalo, building on his work in Zodiac and making a forceful case for pavement-pounding reporting in a world that favors infotainment over journalism that can lead to justice and reform.
Scenes of these newspaper men and women pounding on people's doors, working their sources, alternately cajoling and threatening to get to the bottom of the story becomes strangely thrilling.
Director Tom McCarthy, who also co-wrote the script, knows exactly what he's doing. Even his throw-aways make a point.
The fact-based film is an engrossing, relevant, finely underplayed, and ultimately heartbreaking crime mystery.
The shocking truths that are slowly and painfully revealed throughout the course of the movie make for some pretty suspenseful viewing.
Ruffalo gets top billing in the movie, and he brings some wonderfully lived-in behavioral details to his performance -- the quick, terrier-like movements of the head and the bitten-off sentences.
The other great thing about Spotlight is that it never shouts out its message. McCarthy employs the secret every good reporter knows: Let the facts speak for themselves, and they will make your story worth the audience's time.
By simply presenting a true story in its most raw form, it ends up being an entirely believable portrayal of one of the most important cases of the past 20 years.
It's as a scrupulous whole that Spotlight truly shines as one of the year's finest and most compelling dramas.
Spotlight is a gripping drama able to stand alongside Alan J. Pakula's All the President's Men and a welcome return to form for director Tom McCarthy.
The subtle, egoless performances by the cast frees the audience up to invest in the facts of the story, which McCarthy insists take precedent over the characters.
It's a far more realistic version of journalism than is often portrayed. And yet it's easy to imagine aspiring journalists watching the film being fired with a passion to work on in-depth exposes.
Tight and beautifully paced, McCarthy works the film as a thriller despite the audience knowing how it all plays out.
Bold, audacious and shocking, a consummate piece of work.
This is a must watch.
From the beginning, the Spotlight Team's quest sucks you in.
The true stand-out is the story itself, and McCarthy wisely ensures this is so, painting a picture of systemic corruption and abuse that is miraculously, usefully bald.
Spotlight appears to tick all the boxes as far as the true-life awards-season investigation drama goes... It makes a few choices you aren't expecting, though, and I can't figure out whether or not this elevates it.
[A] gripping detective story and brilliant newpaper drama.
A trenchant, if slow and careful, retelling of one of The Boston Globe's greatest scoops.
There could be no more fitting hymn to in-depth print-based investigative reporting than Tom McCarthy's riveting, fact-based journalism procedural, Spotlight.
Spotlight giving center stage to unsung warriors for truth who understood telling the story right, without embellishment, without melodramatic editorial excess, was the greatest victory of them all.
Ultimately, the story these journalists chased was about how institutional power degrades when it gets taken for granted.
Spotlight is an impressive film, not so much for any particular twists or turns in the plot, which at this stage is public record, but rather for the impressive humanity and commitment of the performances from a top-notch cast.
Shattered Glass is still the best movie about journalists I've ever seen, but Spotlight is definitely the best movie about journalism.
As a tribute to rigorous, unglamorous, old-fashioned journalism, Spotlight is only more powerful for being released in the age of disposable digital media.
Director Tom McCarthy... knows how to make the little big, but here he makes the big little-human, with confidence and grace. This is a terrific movie.
Spotlight is acted and directed with great urgency -- and a little bit of necessary dread.
The kind of movie one recalls having really liked and admired, more than the kind of movie one compulsively re-watches.
There are only a handful of great films based around newspapers and their investigation of real events... Now, thanks to Tom McCarthy's stunning Spotlight, we have one more.
This is an ensemble piece, and each cast member complements the humming energy sparked by one another.
What's perhaps most impressive about 'Spotlight' is how they're all complicated people, given the opportunity to gun it, to hesitate, to reach, and to claw.
Now *this* is more the Tom McCarthy (Director) we know and love...
This is an important film driven by a powerful, almost palpable, sense of moral urgency. It's also, not incidentally, an elegy for what newspapers used to be.
Spotlight has many dramatic opportunities to break wide open into moments of outrage, but they're infrequently taken, and keyed to the tensions of characters.
Its victories are incremental and its anger against a system that wilfully hid the terrible crimes is present but rarely allowed to manipulate the narrative.
Forensically written and directed with restraint, it's a film of huge social importance -- never sensationalistic, always spot on.
It restores my faith in the concept of redemption to see McCarthy bouncing from The Cobbler straight to Spotlight
Like the crusading journalists it honors, Spotlight forges ahead with a gripping story and doesn't stop until it gets it right
Spotlight is an indispensable film for moviegoers and for every believer. [Full review in Spanish]
There are fine ensemble performances from McAdams, John Slattery, Paul Guilfoyle and Stanley Tucci, but Michael Keaton is Spotlight's secret weapon.
The cast is an impressive ensemble, but Spotlight's genius is in its calmly urgent take on events. In doing so, it makes them all the more sobering and gravid.
The effort and teamwork highlighted in this film is absorbing, intelligent and it remarks how exciting investigative journalism is, perhaps it lacks adrenaline, but its cinematic importance is undeniable. [Full review in Spanish]
A stirring assessment of the right and wrong of our humanity in the volatile world of a changing newsroom.
McCarthy's clear, simple direction allows the performances to shine.
'Spotlight' has increased my admiration for journalists who work diligently to find the truth behind serious problems, even if it involves powerful institutions like the Catholic Church.
...Spotlight is more than just a chronicle of horrendous events, it's a portrait of the pain and suffering millions around the world have experienced. [Full review in Spanish]
Spotlight is a great movie that shows us the extreme amount of hipocresy at work within our world. [Full Review in Spanish]
For such an intense story Spotlight ultimately fails because it's so caught up in the process of news gathering that it stops being a compelling movie.
The screenplay, by [Tom] McCarthy and Josh Singer, is one of the film's greatest strengths, imbued with as much wit as it is sobering truths.
Spotlight, a brilliant new film, will shake you out of your complacency and renew your faith in the power of investigative journalism.
Spotlight is an advertorial for journalistic objectivity and integrity in the face of abject perversion.
One of the year's most noteworthy Oscar contenders and a brilliant ensemble piece.
Near-breathless high-tension performances from a fully immersed ensemble, each member conveying an unflagging determination to unveil the breadth of degeneracy.
Succeeds because it puts the audience alongside the reporters, allowing us to share the incredulity, disgust and frustration.
...the kind of film that takes on the Big Subject with modesty and self-reflection, drawing the viewer into the world of the reporters and culture of Boston in 2001 to better understand the scope of everything that's at stake.
It's an intricate web, but when it's finally untangled, a remarkable and striking picture emerges. Spotlight is that picture.
Despite having an important story to tell, and a top-notch cast to tell it with, Spotlight is a film that never comes to life thanks to a less-than-compelling narrative that turns the film into a bit of a slog to get through.
While it doesn't delve as deep into its subjects as one might hope, Spotlight is a zippy, taut, and mightily distracting film.
A film in which an ensemble cast of characters work to defeat a seemingly unstoppable enemy, Spotlight is a bit like an anti-superhero movie, where spreadsheets win the day instead of laser vision.
Spotlight is not just an impaccably performed film; it is also a relevant story that all audiences should see. [Full review in Spanish]
The cast is, of course, the pulsating life of this film, the work of a team that won't admit weakness in any of its sides. [Full Review in Spanish]
A solvent narrative exercise that grows as time goes by like the importance of the subject and its delightful cast. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is a professional and moral guide on the exercise of the journalistic work. [Full Review in Spanish]
This is clearly one of the year's best films and the performances of the cast cannot be faulted.
In 2001, The Boston Globe Spotlight team told this story in the right way, now in 2016, McCarthy has done the exact same thing.
The uniformly strong ensemble cast largely avoids any grandstanding moments, and manufactured drama is swerved, while Howard Shore's sober score is applied with restraint.
Spotlight is a celebration of the freedom of the press, a riveting story of investigative journalism and of the role played by The Boston Globe in bringing to public attention the terrible crimes that had been taking place in the city for decades.
This film demonstrates that you don't need guns to make an exciting thriller. Based on a true story, this is a journalistic procedural following a team of newspaper writers who take on a corrupt system.
Spotlight is a tense story and a critic to the system and for some moments disguises itself as a journalism class. [Full Review in Spanish]
This is the story of the Pulitzer prize-winning team of Boston Globe journalists who early in 2002 lifted the lid on a clerical abuse epidemic in the Boston archdiocese.
Decently, it focuses on the victims, and why there continued to be victims for so long.
Spotlight exists to shine a searchlight on a moment from history that human behaviour tragically refuses to leave consigned to the past.
It has a subtle but unsparing aesthetic; the most powerful camera shot is to slowly pull back from a busy desk, silently indicating the story's terrible breadth.
This is narrative film-making stripped of unnecessary detail or fabricated sentiment, and it's all the better for it: Spotlight is absorbing and revelatory.
With the story's result already known, much of the suspense comes from seeing the characters' slowly dawning realisation of just how big this story is; the matter-of-fact way the pieces of the puzzle come together.
Spotlight is, without question, one of the best films of the year and a hands-down must-see.
A gripping and exciting thriller - no mean feat considering the action mostly revolves around an elaborate paper chase in locales as exotic as newspaper archives, libraries and legal offices teaming with stacks of documents.
How rare is this? A true story so much worth the telling that it needs no embellishment, no sideshow?
The picture manages to avoid the cliches of the genre by refusing to lionise its "crusaders" or demonise the villains and is all the more authentic and powerful for it.
Spotlight is the kind of completely absorbing film that makes you think, makes you feel and keeps you on the very edge of your seat.
With McCarthy dialling it down in the director's chair, it's left to the players to provide the fireworks and they duly rise to the challenge.
The sense we have is of dedicated professionals getting the job done with the minimum of egotism or indulgence.
Powerful, absorbing and deeply moving, Spotlight is almost certainly the best film about journalism of at least the past decade. Probably more.
The film is immaculately controlled: a work of restraint that nevertheless has a real kick to it. I'll eat my hat if there's been a better newspaper film since 1976's All the President's Men.
The energetic ensemble cast...lend a moral urgency to the story, though writer/director Tom McCarthy is savvy enough to temper the heroism with the revelation that they were approached years earlier with the same information and did nothing.
Electrifying, enthralling and utterly essential, here's a drama that engages both head and heart with the best David versus Goliath story since Erin Brockovich.
This is a worthy film on an important subject, but it just does not fly.
One of the best films you will see this - or any - year, Spotlight grips like a vice from start to finish.
It is really nothing more than what you might call a press procedural, but it is one of the very best.
McCarthy is dealing with grim subject matter but the film has the momentum of a well-told detective thriller.
Both a cry from the heart for victims of sexual abuse and a vivid reminder of the fading art of investigative journalism, Spotlight is deservedly one of the frontrunners for the next Best Picture Oscar.
Thomas McCarthy's impeccably crafted drama pays tribute to the close-knit team of tenacious editors and reporters who tirelessly pursued the ugly truth and wrung their sweat and tears into the exposes.
An important film, completely without self-importance.
It's not a complex story, but it is a riveting one.
A film that gives us great performances, shakes the Catholic Church and shows us how passionate journalistic work can be. [Full review in Spanish]
The main cast is the strong point of this film, they overtake the screen everytime you see them together. [Full review in Spanish]
A gripping, smartly crafted film that deserves to be seen.
As a press-exposé procedural, Spotlight has a verve often worthy of All the President's Men.
A grown-up film about serious people that mercifully escapes any awards-grabbing platitudes, this is more thrilling than most action movies.
A tough and firm movie -- thorough and fierce.
The press is fragile and is extremely assumed as contradictory justice, worthy of his nickname Spotlight. [Full review in Spanish]
A powerful drama about one of the mos controversial subjects in recent memory: pederasty in the Catholic Church. [Full review in Spanish]
Without wishing to over-hype it, it's up there with that classic study of Nixon-era investigative journalism, All the President's Men.
An extraordinary paean to journalistic endeavour.
A rigorously detailed telling of an important story that never loses sight of the human devastation.
The importance of storytelling, as a cause and a monument, has been dutifully accomplished twice now, by two teams with the title Spotlight.
As a piece of cinema, Spotlight (the name of the investigative team at the Boston Globe) is exceptional
The stench of a dead rat in the corner is a fitting analogy to the film's theme about the church cover up to child molestation. Like Truth, the film plays out like a gripping procedural
A risk-averse account of a group of people who were anything but.
This might just be the best newspaper film since All the President's Men in 1976.
The title suggests a beam of illumination but Spotlight has the dimmer switch turned low.
The film isn't an exposé, it's a "workplace" flick, brilliantly acted, and, if you're a smart adult, I can't imagine you won't be completely engrossed by it. It's excellent.
An interesting and valuable story with an inmaculate political and moral position. [Full review in Spanish]
A hard film about a difficult subject, but that's what makes it worth seeing. [Full review in Spanish]
An important film, crafted in an interesting way, with precise direction and a top notch cast. [Full review in Spanish]
It reminds me a lot to "All the Presidents Men" in the way that it's the journalistic work that matters overall. One of the best films of the year. [Full review in Spanish]
Spotlight's presentation may be prosaic, but Tom McCarthy's ensemble piece packs a powerful punch.
A can't miss for anyone that wants to see a movie with substance, a rare thing in modern day Hollywood. [Full review in Spanish]
"Spotlight" is a remarkable film that brings its game to the final consequences to show the purity of journalism. [Full Review in Spanish]
An affordable film to any audience because the essence lies in evidence and react to a situation that affected - and stills affecting- thousands of children and families worldwide. [Full review in Spanish]
Spotlight portrays the classic reporter's craft like very few films. [Full review in Spanish]
An effective and perfectly built film about a bulletproof case against the catholic church. [Full review in Spanish]
The performances are the best part of this film, the details and precision in them are enough to keep the spectator hooked on a subject that could be a little hard to buy in. [Full review in Spanish]
There's a romantic touch to this film in the sense that we have a group of people searching for the truth, something that feels extraordinary and almost poetic. [Full review in Spanish]
McCarthy's film reminds us of the importance of old school journalism in an age before digital media became dominant. [Full review in Spanish]
An elegant and smart portrayal of the journalistic craft as a tool to reveal the truth behind public institutions. [Full review in Spanish]
Bury it in Metro
The film deals with a heavy subject, however, it avoids sentimentalisms or being preachy at all times. [Full review in Spanish]
Deserves to be an Oscar favourite.
An elegy for old-school reportage and the people who pursue it, and a journalistic procedural with a snappy rush of urgent discovery and consequence.
a solid, workman-like evocation of how journalism, when done right and for the right reasons, can be a saving grace and an invaluable corrective to power run amok
Quietly understated, no-frills filmmaking...eschewing thriller conventions, "you have no idea how high up this goes" clichés and the overdramatising of material, including egregious sentimentality.
A terrific film about true team work and the good journalists can do
It should be required viewing in every Journalism course around the world. [Full review in Portuguese.]
...one of those movies one admires more than one wholeheartedly enjoys...
One of 2015's best, it's an acting showcase that reflects on the not that long ago good old days when journalists sought to reveal truth and weren't obsessed with clicks.
...dismal...made without a thought of pace...I was expecting another 'All the President's Men,' but this misses the mark on all points, including the failure to adequately indict the Church for its abominable actions.
Much has been said about the banality of evil. Spotlight shows the nightmare that can spring from cops, teachers, lawyers, judges and bureaucrats just doing their jobs.
Riveting from its first second to its last. With a smart script, perfectly paced direction, and superb acting, this is a work that manages to be as entertaining as it is important.
Destined to be one of the great film procedurals.
You couldn't ask for a better ensemble cast to be in this important, well-researched, well-written and well-made film.
The journalistic process has never seemed more interesting nor more important.
The best drama of the year.
A gripping story of investigative journalism.
"Spotlight" is not only gripping but a great introduction to Journalism 101, making it easily the best "newspaper" film since "All the President's Men."
McCarthy captures emotion with subtlety, which in return is beneficial when the actors carry around a plethora of mannerism for hidden meaning.
The re-creation of the local atmosphere adds credibility to the star power ... At its most stripped down and plainspoken, Spotlight allows the record to speak for itself.
The spotlight is unforgiving and shines on everyone, from the Church to the reporters. No place to hide.
It's just a stunning look at professionals doing a job most people would run from and doing it very well.
A taut story well-told, suspenseful despite the fact that the world knows how it all turned out, and energized by an authentic sense of the dogged research and footwork at the heart of serious investigative journalism.
The movie is essentially a procedural; it never detours from the investigation to spend time with a priest or a victim at home. Spouses and significant others are mentioned but rarely seen; domestic drama is more or less irrelevant.
Spotlight is one of the great journalism films; compelling, flawlessly acted, and successful in its invitation to join in the hunt for the truth.
"Spotlight" makes you long for the days of real investigative journalism, when reporters got their facts straight, and exposes were only written when they could be corroborated.
Its extraordinary cast keeps us riveted to the screen in an authentic portrayal of investigative journalism.
Now 'Steve Jobs' has a competitor for Best Picture.
Sharp and flawlessly performed.
It's about the rewards of hard work and a dedication to truth. Even without fireworks and firefights, it's immensely satisfying to watch.
[McCarthy] scales up to a wide-ranging ensemble piece and gives it the unstoppable momentum of a boulder bounding down a steep hill.
This idea of "enough" forms the thematic spine... It's an idea that becomes increasingly complicated, in the many relationships forged here, between sources and reporters, reporters and editors, attorneys and political figures, victims and criminals.
The filmmakers and cast are careful to focus on the drudgery, dead ends and shoe leather that go into an enterprise of this scale, eschewing sensationalism. Of the film's 128 minutes, not one is wasted on self-righteous grandstanding or speech making.
There's a flatly functional artlessness to the visuals. Spotlight is drab, sometimes bordering on ugly. It may be a film worth seeing, but there isn't much to look at.
Don't miss this crackling - and deeply important - film about the power of the press.
Briskly paced and never breaking its stare with the evil it confronts, Spotlight is a wire-to-wire home run.
Tom McCarthy is the best humanistic filmmaker in movies today.
Works as history, as justification for the value of real journalism and as a still relevant cautionary tale on the perils of willful ignorance.
McCarthy's screenplay keeps things moving at a furious pace, so that it feels like an action movie with a time bomb ticking in the background.
Spotlight is especially admirable in its restraint, not only in its approach to unsettling material but also in the acting by all concerned ... If it isn't quite the match of the peerless All the President's Men, we have to remind ourselves, what is?
Spotlight is a well-crafted and thoughtful investigative docudrama that is buoyed by great performances.
Spotlight is a tight, economical model of understated craft.
One thing I noticed early on when watching this film was how strongly it draws you into the story. It really hooks you, and as an example of investigative journalism, this is as good as it gets.
Everyone plays their part and plays it extremely well, but it's ultimately about serving the story over a particular character.
Spotlight might very well be the best film of the year. It's an intense and well-crafted ensemble drama that has and will receive near-universal accolades and repeated mentions as an Oscar frontrunner.
Spotlight may make the results of old-school reporting look heroic, but it also makes that work look human.
Simply put, one of the best -- if not THE best -- movies of the year.
The film takes the dogged, persistent, mundane work of old school newspaper reporting - digging through records, interviewing people, connecting dots - and makes it the stuff of high drama, exciting and even heroic.
Plunges us into the rhythms of a specific time and place: Boston around the turn of the millennium, at a time when...the extent of the cover-up culture in the Church had not yet been exposed.
Invigorating moviemaking in every way imaginable, "Spotlight" is spot-on.
Tom McCarthy's "Spotlight" is a movie that doesn't have to raise its voice. Much like the reporters it focuses on, this is an assured work, firm in its convictions, telling its story in a factual, non-exploitive way...
The Catholic Church and its infamous pedophile clerics go under the microscope of a crack reporting team in a detail-oriented gem that's right up there with the brilliant newspaper-movie likes of "All the President's Men" and "Absence of Malice."
The closing notes, crafted beautifully by McCarthy and Josh Singer's screenplay and rendered flawlessly by McCarthy's quietly observant lens, remind even the most vigilant of us all that this is not a past-tense issue
The movie, deftly directed by Tom McCarthy, from a script he wrote with Josh Singer, arouses many emotions, for journalists and non-journalists alike: outrage, shock, horror, disbelief, grief, disgust.
Movies about journalism are rarely this authentic, let alone this gripping.
McCarthy captures the flow of information around a major newsroom, back in the days when papers had the luxury to pay for year-long investigations by a four-person staff that worked on nothing else.
The subject already provokes rage and/or revulsion without having to endure a step-by-step procedural. But this stark and effective prestige picture makes the experience palatable by approaching the material with journalistic tenacity.
"Spotlight" isn't quite as good as "All The President's Men," the gold standard of films about journalism. But it's close.
Spotlight is a great newspaper movie, ranking up there with All the President's Men and Citizen Kane, and it's certainly the best of its kind since The Paper in 1994.
The best film about journalism since "All the President's Men." And the most important.
The actors manage to turn sitting and listening (along with asking questions and requesting documents) into riveting drama.
The highest compliment I can pay Spotlight: I would watch this on TV.
The movie works so well because it focuses on the efforts of a team of reporters to uncover a huge, nightmarish scandal. It's all about the process, and it never forgets that it's all about the process.
[A] neatly accomplished movie.
'Spotlight' avoids sensationalism, telling its lurid story in a low-key, even-keeled manner. It is by far the best movie about investigative journalism since 'All the President's Men.'
... like All the President's Men there's nothing to spoil, much to admire. And, like Pakula's movie, Spotlight will likely figure into journalism school syllabi for as long as anyone enrolls.
rather than merely recounting the painstaking detective work involved, it examines a system more concerned with institutions than people, powered by people convinced that the obfuscation and cover-ups were for the greater good
This is why Spotlight's moral of humility is so powerful. There are so many things that we don't know, so many assumptions that we don't recognize as such, so many questions that we haven't even thought to ask.
"Spotlight" is a labored reportage procedural that arrives a decade too late.
If there was a Best Ensemble acting category, the cast of Spotlight would be a frontrunner. The film has no lead actor but there are five or six strong supporting performances.
Like the story being reported within the film, Spotlight is simultaneously emotional and clear-eyed. It's an explosive yet necessary piece of journalism in and of itself. And it's easily one of the year's best.
Succeeds as a 'journalism movie,' but also as much more: An acting showcase, a character study and as a study of the city of Boston itself. (Fox 29 Philly)
Director Tom McCarthy creates cinematic tension by setting two institutions on a collision course as the Catholic Church and The Boston Globe wrestle arrogance and ego while professing human compassion.
It may even be the best newspaper movie since "All the President's Men," although its conspiracy story cuts deeper - molested children rather than crooked politicians - and its villain (the Catholic Church) more dangerous.
[A] taut, quietly thrilling investigative procedural, each scene a small marvel of solid writing and acting.
Spotlight creates excitement from the day-to-day business of recognizing uncomfortable facts.
A brilliant, absorbing film.
...defined by Keaton's blah, button-down shirts and McAdams' grown-out roots."
This kind of meat-and-potatoes ensemble drama is rarely made so well (or at all) nowadays, and the ensemble cast is top-notch, with great, unshowy direction from Tom McCarthy.
A touching ode to the old-fashioned notion that some things simply need reporting; never mind the effort, the expense, or the effect on circulation.
"Spotlight" is basically everything the film"Truth" set out to be but just came up short in accomplishing.
Spotlight is a mystery, a thriller and a human interest drama, but mostly it's a love letter to investigative journalism.
A terrific film that will likely remind many a viewer -- if old enough or a big film fan -- of "All the President's Men." (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
A remarkably assured and tight retelling of the Boston Globe's investigation into the Catholic Church's legacy of child abuse and cover-ups.
Really captures the culture of a newsroom, the stale coffee, the stale-er jokes, but the passionate curiosity that drives them all.
It's not a stretch to suggest that "Spotlight" is the finest newspaper movie of its era, joining "Citizen Kane" and "All the President's Men" in the pantheon of classics of the genre.
Though "Spotlight" is definitely a reporter-as-hero story (and, along the way, a bittersweet love letter to the kind of investigative journalism that's increasingly disappearing), the film doesn't let its characters off the hook.
Inspiring stuff, the stuff of Hollywood all the way back to Frank Capra and before: a story of scrappy underdogs, determined to get to the truth, and toppling the mighty in the process.
It tells a tremendous story of journalism from behind the scenes; creates vibrant, well-acted characters, inhabited by terrific actors; and truly reminds us of the value and importance of journalism, and its place in our society.
This is a film that not only understands the journalistic process but also respects it enough to delve into the particulars.
It's one of the best movies I've ever seen about the art and the science of newspaper reporting
For a story of such monumental scope, which asks some awfully big questions about what constitutes good, writer/director Tom McCarthy seems finely attuned to minor, but infinitely human, moments.
I watched Spotlight in awe of the raw power that McCarthy's restrained, meticulously measured direction generates from his ruthlessly tight screenplay, with Josh Singer.
You don't need to be a news junkie to admire such sleek, adult entertainment.
IIt's important and it's gripping.
Spotlight doesn't wallow in the glory of old-media ethics or lament the ongoing death of newspapers, but the movie quietly celebrates the rigorous standards of journalism that are dissipating in this era of click-baiting and Twitter outrage.
It's a great story about getting the story.
The movie finds drama, not in telling the audience what it doesn't know, but in showing us people finding out the scope and dimension of what we already know, and then letting us see them react with shock, horror and a firm sense of purpose.
One of the best real-life tales of investigative journalism since 'All the President's Men.'
At the beginning of Spotlight, a title card proclaims "based on actual events," a tactic many films use to manufacture authenticity even if it's never earned. Here, it feels absolutely right.
Should be called brilliant by anyone, regardless of where they work.
A special experience, a movie that matters.
Let's cut to the chase: "Spotlight" is a flat-out great movie.
Spotlight tells a crucial story of morals that still resonates amid continued injustices.
One of the most accurate depictions of journalism put on film, perhaps even the finest example we've seen yet. It's easily one of 2015's best films.
Smart and stinging, Spotlight excels not only in depicting the stonewalling around the scandal but also the double-talk conversations from within and without the Globe that don't say-but don't not say-'Don't go there.'
McCarthy ("Win Win," "The Visitor") and his co-writer, Josh Singer ("The Fifth Estate"), smartly focus on the boots-on-the-ground reporting of the Globe's Spotlight team, as it follows lead upon lead to sniff out the biggest scandal in the city's history.
More than anything, it celebrates the continuing vital role of solid objective journalism, and that's worth a headline in itself.
This time out the reporters focus on all the Cardinal's men, and they do it brilliantly.
"Spotlight" is terrific... and certainly ranks as one of the best films of the year!
The film is often straightforward and hard-hitting. But it plays out all the usual tropes of the investigative-journalism genre -- the hot tips, the clandestine meetings, the hand-wringing about ethics, etc. -- without adding a jot of novelty.
Spotlight is a rare journey into cinematic journalism that gets at the heart of its investigators' subject without grandstanding the personalities or personal lives of those doing the poking around.
Remember newspaper movies? Here's a great one.
Powerful, intense film about Boston church abuse scandal.
Like any good reporting job, Spotlight slowly builds momentum from nothing, gathering disparate bits of information into an emotional juggernaut of a story.
Spotlight is all about the importance of getting the story absolutely right.
Though worth seeing, the film's energy suffers from brownout ... sometimes a surge, sometimes a flicker.And nowhere near the neighborhood of McCarthy's earlier, marvelous work.
No need to bury the lede: Spotlight is a masterpiece.
Tom McCarthy...shows a deft hand in directing his huge ensemble cast and telling the riveting story which feels, often times, like a police procedural as the case unfolds and expands.
It's the year's best movie so far, and a rarity among countless dramatizations that claim to be based on actual events. In this one the events ring consistently-and dramatically-true.
doesn't have the cinematic sweeping grandeur of Pakula's 1976 film, instead focusing on the day to day doggedness required to uncover heavily shrouded secrets and how easily a community, including its reporters, can miss evidence right out in the open.
The movie's an ensemble piece, building up its characters slowly and carefully, giving each actor a chance to shine. More importantly, it's a movie that's invested in listening.
"Spotlight" is mightily impressive not only because of the importance of the story it tells but also because of how much effort and skill went into bringing it to the screen in the best possible way.
McCarthy is just as shrewd at evaluating the practical morality of attorneys: white collars as well as clerical collars fall into patterns that perpetuate evil. McCarthy has cast his legal roles with actors who can sound psychological depths on the run.
Every actor rises to the occasion.
Spotlight is an exceptional slow burn, fueled by a consistently in-sync ensemble of actors pulling their weight on all fronts.
Spotlight is prestige fare that's quiet rather than flashy, treating its content and characters with a measure of respect rarely seen among industry biopics of its caliber.
This tautly directed, terrifically acted movie springs from a Boston Globe investigation a decade ago that led to hundreds of incidents of abuse - in reality, an entire perverted culture - being hauled out into the sanitizing glare of daylight.
An emotional tour de force.
Like All The President's Men, it's a muckraker movie that celebrates the power of the press by actually showing journalists doing their job, pen and notebook in hand.
The year is not over, but I've already seen my favorite film of 2015.
"Spotlight" is a gripping detective story and a superlative newsroom drama, a solid procedural that tries to confront evil without sensationalism.
"Spotlight" is the kind of movie where a scene showing a group of reporters huddled over church directories, taking notes in silence, becomes a gripping sequence.
Once in a while a good movie about journalism comes along to remind you that behind every important news story stand the men and women who researched, interviewed, and fact-checked to make it that way.
What we have before us is a case study on how to do shoe-leather cinema-and smart, A-list American moviemaking-right.
A landmark film about investigative journalism and the year's most thrilling detective story. Keaton and Ruffalo lead a cast of exceptional actors who could not be better or more fully committed.
The film hums as a tense shoe-leather procedural and a heartbreaking morality play that handles personal stories respectfully without losing sight of the bigger, more damning picture.
While Tom McCarthy's beautifully crafted film about the Boston Globe investigation of the sex abuse in the Church is very much of a time and place, it also couldn't be more important now.
Tom McCarthy's movie doesn't turn its journalists into heroes. It just lets them do their jobs, as tedious and critical as those are, with a realism that grips an audience almost in spite of itself.
Unlike an ongoing investigation, we know the outcome here already. The trick of Spotlight is making the potentially unsexy "how they got there" into not only one of the best movies of the year, but one of the best journalism movies of all time.
A convincing affirmation of investigative journalism and a ringing condemnation of sexual abuse by Catholic priests.
Spotlight feels both timeless and modern, a dexterously crafted film that could have been made anytime but somehow feels perfect for right now.
By modeling its structure so closely after All the President's Men, Spotlight only draws closer attention to its lack of scope and ambition.
[Its] willingness to question conventional beliefs is just one of the factors that sets Spotlight apart from typical Hollywood fare.
McCarthy is tackling something more basic than paranoia-namely, pride of place, and the way in which it offers both an embrace and a choke hold.
Taut and compelling, illuminating a timely, still-relevant issue...
An iconoclastic drama that makes a convincing argument in support of the incendiary axiom, 'The closer to Church, the further from God.'
A tedious bore. The cast chews up the scenery with twitchy acting trying to put energy into the plodding script.
Spotlight is about the power of investigative journalism, about the good that it can do, but it is also quite clearly about the evil that men -- and institutions -- can do.
At its heart, Spotlight is an argument against deference to authority, which informs so much great journalism.
This offers a potent reminder that investigative journalism is critical to a just society, and that we need it now more than ever.
Spotlight is the best film yet from Tom McCarthy, a testament to his evolving skills as a director and writer and his eye for the emotional resonance at the core of the stories he tells.
If anything, Spotlight suggests that it knew better than to get in the way of its story, and, you know, I'll take it.
The concept of retelling the Spotlight story was so fraught with potential to go horribly, overbearingly awry, and yet McCarthy deftly sidesteps every pitfall with skill.
Spotlight keeps its composure, follows every lead and delivers an important and compelling story. It may no longer land on your porch with a thud but it still hits you in the gut.
One of the leanest, most purposeful dramas I've seen in a long time.
Honestly speaking, "Spotlight" is the best investigative news drama this century. Matter of fact, behind "All the President's Men" and maybe "The Insider," it's among the best ever made.
Spotlight is a serious film, both artistically and morally, and it wrestles with explosive content while never feeling exploitative or self-aggrandizing.
As scripted by McCarthy and Josh Singer, the film succeeds first and foremost in bringing order to an extremely complex piece of team reporting.
What the film gets brilliantly right is how journalists can get co-opted by the institutions they cover when their interests converge. And just how much courage it takes to pursue a story that may alienate many of your readers .
Succeeds in making what should be the least interesting aspect of the story as interesting as the story itself.
The film does well to make the investigation seem suspenseful even if anyone paying any attention to the news over the last decade and a half knows the outcome.
Good old-fashioned journalism makes for great drama in Thomas McCarthy's [Spotlight].
Director Tom McCarthy does an impressive job of valorizing the Globe's work without glorifying the place or their profession.
Spotlight is riveting, thrilling, heartbreaking, powerful and important.
More than anything, this sharply written story (co-written by McCarthy and Josh Singer) is an actors showcase, with this sporting one of the best ensemble casts imaginable.
Virtually everything that needs to click into place does so with refined precision.
McCarthy's sharp, incisive, quietly moving drama tells a knotty story with boundless intelligence, wit, and insight.
McCarthy takes the approach perfected by All The President's Men, riding along with the reporters as they sift through names and documents and interview victims, gradually discovering its obscene scale.
Spotlight, even with its shortcomings, is high quality stuff.
This film really captures the juice you feel when you're exploring a story, and when a team and your superiors support you.
Keaton's steady hand keeps you riveted to the investigation on screen even if you know the outcome already.
Uncovers the dark and sinister.
Where "Birdman" magnified Keaton's talent, "Spotlight" leans on it.
Your skin's left prickling by its deft deconstruction of the business of secret-keeping, and its perceptive setting out of the courage and diligence it takes to overturn it.
A remarkably strong ensemble and a sharp, investigative pace make the real-life story of Spotlight an engrossing one.
It's that all-too-rare beast: a movie that's both important and engrossing.
If Spotlight were merely about putting the pieces together to break a big news story, it would be interesting enough, but the film gracefully, without overplaying its hand, delves into many provocative ideas and subplots.
Charting the Boston Globe's Pulitzer Prize-winning exposure of widespread abuse of children by Catholic priests, this terrific film should be in the running for its own writing prizes, among others, come awards season.
The cast, tasked with delivering all this information and making it feel natural, are remarkable, investing sometimes just the tiniest glances or the shortest of lines with an acreage of personality.
The capable main actors don't have much to do except chase leads around town and interview those willing to talk; there's no depth given to these reporters.
Capably and decently tells an important story.
Although director and co-writer Tom McCarthy can fall victim to prestige-picture preciousness and narrative conventionality, Spotlight goes a long way on the strength of superior acting and a crackling tale.
A superbly controlled and engrossingly detailed account of the Boston Globe's Pulitzer Prize-winning investigation into the widespread pedophilia scandals and subsequent cover-ups within the Catholic Church.


@highlight

Spotlight gracefully handles the lurid details of its fact-based story while resisting the temptation to lionize its heroes, resulting in a drama that honors the audience as well as its real-life subjects.