Man Up is so far from selling anything, I began to wonder if it was some kind of audience test or scientific experiment: how many undesirable characters and situations can we get into a single film?
Man Up is a classic romantic comedy about two people who are too old, too wise, too jaded for classic romantic comedies, and that's precisely why it works.
Pegg and Bell click, and that's enough to carry the picture.
So many modern romantic comedies are the equivalent of a date that pukes on your shoes and steals your wallet; at least Man Up wants to be friends.
A ruthless rom-com for the Tinder age, Ben Palmer's London-set love match is speedy, amusing and utterly, utterly heartless.
Genuinely appealing.
For all the rom-com conventions of the film (and there many...), it has a low-key charm and an adult take on expectations, disappointments, and missed opportunities...
It's all very gener ic and predictable, but not in an entirely bad way. Man Up has its charms and it'll raise a smile, perhaps even a chuckle or two, if you're looking for a no-frills romcom.
[Man Up] benefits largely from the hilarious dynamic between Pegg and Bell, and the humor alone is strong enough to recommend the film.
[Lake Bell and Simon Pegg] make for an amiable pairing in a hugely enjoyable and fast-paced comedy.
The kind of romantic comedy that reminds you why the genre continues to wheeze and sputter and die.
Formulaic romcom has lots of sex talk, drinking.
Bell and Pegg are utterly defeated by a screenplay that favours plot over characterization to an almost surreal, parodic degree.
Both actors stay sharp through some pretty degrading moments, and if Palmer and screenwriter Tess Morris are bent on serious button-pushing in the closing scenes, at least they garnish it with playfulness and wit.
Honestly it would be nice if on occasion a film like this at least tried harder than making the main character somewhat dissatisfied and assuming that would be enough to get everyone identifying with her.
Man Up has a couple of bits that don't quite work and the ending is just silly, but for the most part, Pegg and Bell carry this thing through sheer force of personality.
Aside from the silly title and disappointingly pat ending, even the rom-com-averse will find something to love about Man Up.
Bell and Pegg, both terrific comic actors, mine small gestures and reactions for laughs. But they're at their best when they're talking, and they talk a lot in "Man Up."
It's definitely not Pegg's finest professional hour, but as fizzy romantic comedies go, "Man Up" has its share of surprises and enthusiasm for the material.
I'm a sucker for movies where smart people fall in love. Smart, well-written people, anyway. And about 60 per cent of Man Up is that sort of movie. This is enough.
Perhaps the whole thing is intended as post-modern ... But it's not funny ironic, it's not funny straight, it's not funny anything. It's embarrassing from start to finish and Pegg looks deeply uncomfortable in it.
MAN UP is that rare romance fueled comedy that will ably entertain both men and women.
Even though you know how things will turn out, it's amusing along the way.
Larkish and nicely confident Brit romantic comedy, enlivened by sparkling performances and a tangy, quite original and observant script.
There are enough twists, turns and strange little bumps in the road to make this well-traveled journey to romantic comedy bliss surprisingly worthwhile.
A lot more fun than many heftier, supposed rom-coms, thanks to the timing and chemistry of its leads.
With a lot of help from Bell and Pegg, the movie cheerfully suggests it's possible to stage a lighthearted romance without dropping off your brain beforehand.
"Man Up" ... has just enough edge to distinguish it from a Lifetime movie. It also has Lake Bell and Simon Pegg, versatile and likable actors who help the mild story considerably.
From start to almost finish, "Man Up", directed by Ben Palmer from a terrific script by Tess Morris, sustains a remarkably high level of verbal invention.
Rather than aim for uproarious, it constantly settles for amusing.
Frequently laugh-out-loud funny and tangibly tender where it ought to be, the immensely satisfying screwball romp feels freshly contemporary even as it largely conforms to genre conventions.
Man Up is composed of scenes that tell us we're watching a romantic comedy: inopportune conversations, annoyed exchanges... embarrassing encounters, and speeches of romantic dedication made before a hushed crowd.
Man Up would have been stronger all around if, when it eliminated the element of chance, it gave a stronger voice to its actual lead instead of rendering her a shrinking violet.
At this point in film history, a simple, ably-done rom-com feels more daring and refreshing than one that tries to reinvent the wheel.
Surprisingly predictable until that instant, halfway in, when the surprises show up and the sparks start to fly.
Clocking in at a neat and tidy 88 minutes, Man Up offers more than you might expect.
A refreshing 'un-romantic' comedy detailing the many pitfalls of modern dating.
Lake Bell and Simon Pegg's star wattage isn't enough to distract from the sense that their characters are almost exclusively defined by their single-ness.
Despite the weak finish, it's not enough to dampen the punchiness and hilarity of an otherwise delightful little comedy.
A refreshing British rom-com that happily avoids the cliches we usually get from the American brand. It's also another comedy that celebrates the humour inherent when we see women behaving badly.
A scatty screwball comedy that, despite a familiar narrative structure, provides its full quota of laughs and romance.
Yes, it's all seriously goofy and improbable, but there's still enough audience-pleasing 'Date Movie' cuteness here anyway.
On the face of it, it does seem like Man Up is going to be another banal rom-com that flaccidly meanders from trope to trope, but this low key charmer is a refreshing surprise.
Bell is, as she has proven over and over, almost impossible to dislike and it is sweet and charming to see Pegg playing as close to a regular adult as he possibly can.
The compressed time frame in which Man Up takes place -- the entire movie covers just a straight 24-hour period in Nancy's cynically single life -- gives the movie an urgency and spark that carry it a long way.
Filled with wonderfully inventive and offbeat ideas, the dialogue and action take off like a hyperactive plane that can't wait to make its ascent
Spinning out its screwball premise with dexterity and wit, Man Up is a winner all the way.
Tess Morris' smart script and Ben Palmer's assured direction largely hold the interest, making this more pleasure than ordeal -- and therefore a rarity in British romantic comedies.
Truly enjoyable British romantic-comedies come along so rarely (Four Weddings and a Funeral was more than 20 years ago) that there's cause to celebrate this smart, likeable romp.
Funny, if not especially romantic, it's steeped in cynicism so deep even a climactic flash mob can't sweeten things.
Bland title aside, Man Up is a rom-com that gets both the romance and the comedy right.
Warm and funny, but more importantly well observed.
A smug, manic London comedy that feels as if it's come several years too late to the Richard Curtis party.
Tess Morris's script is full of the kind of relentlessly snappy dialogue that can grate, but here is more amusing than annoying.
Man Up isn't perfect, but that's a minor detail when you're dealing with major talent. It could be love, actually.
A breezy, honest, hilarious romcom with a stand-out performance from Lake Bell, Man Up's more than worthy of your date night attention.
Man Up is heaped with wit and insight, and its smart script, sharp direction and crisp performances, all set against buzzing London streets that denizens will recognise, give it the feel of a frisky romantic version of After Hours.
A thoroughly enjoyable, delightfully honest movie, with a smattering of brilliantly witty lines.
Time and again, Man Up is saved by Bell.
It is Bell's film -- she is sassy, cynical, funny, occasionally self-pitying and gets most of the best lines.
[Lake Bell] steals the show with her rubbery, expressive face, penchant for self-humiliation and believable English accent.
No one expects cinema to be real life but it must, at some level, approximate to an idea of real life, and this never does.
It gets progressively soapier and clumsier as it nears its destination, but along the way Tess Morris's script maps out a modern dating landscape strewn with anxiety, deceit, emotional baggage and drunken meltdowns ...
I hate movies like this, in which it's meant to be adorable when people lie in the name of love. And I particularly hate what this movie does to Lake Bell.
Man Up has enough breezy pleasures to make it worthy of recommendation, particularly the chemistry between its leads and the dorky charms of Bell.
Bell is funny to the bone, but she also has that rare combination of intelligence, grit and vulnerability which keeps the film from being overly fluffy.
Lake Bell is so goofy and likeable, I found myself willing the film to keep up with her.
Smart, witty and surprisingly well cast.
If it could decide whether it was a cute romcom or a dirty one, Man Up would be a real gem, but as charming as it is, it falls between two stools and never manages to, ahem, Man Up.
Man Up doesn't differentiate itself from the dregs of the genre as much as it might seek to but, in Bell's most modern of rom-com heroines, we've finally found a woman with whom many will chime.
Not up there with key US influences Annie Hall, When Harry Met Sally and Jerry Maguire, but a romcom Brits can be proud of. Make a date of it.
The golden age of the meet-cute rom-com fizzled out long ago, but the snappy, smart, and undeniably sweet "Man Up" fills that gap with ease, a new wave rom-com unafraid of old school trappings.
In focusing on Bell's flamboyant performance and moving the action along at a frenetic pace, [Palmer] did what was required here in making a rowdy, infectious entertainment.
This strenuous romantic comedy has the sweaty desperation of a slack sitcom.
For viewers still waiting for the indefinitely delayed third Bridget Jones film, Ben Palmer's easy, breezy romantic comedy Man Up offers a pleasant sense of deja vu.

@highlight

Thanks to fine performances from Lake Bell and Simon Pegg, Man Up largely strikes the deceptively difficult balance between romance and comedy.