Ephemeral as a Snapchat message.
A decent script is brought to life because of the strong supporting players in this new comedy.
May be one of the grimmest movies you'll see this year.
...a busy movie for one running under 90 minutes, with people like Amy Poehler and Jessica Alba popping in with no-destination characters, and poor Mary Elizabeth Winstead wasted in the wings as Carter's patient girlfriend.
In spite of good intentions, A.C.O.D. fails to capitalize on its compelling 'Adult Children of Divorce' platform to present viewers with equally captivating insights.
It's often very funny, and tries to have some heart, too. But it doesn't straddle that line all too well ...
Watching Jenkins and O'Hara go at it (in more ways than one) is especially terrific fun.
The tone is irresolute, as if Zicherman, a self-proclaimed A.C.O.D., hadn't fully resolved his feelings before spinning them into this lumpy comedic drama.
Has a few moments that shine, but the rest is shockingly leaden and clumsy, feeling around for a heart it hasn't earned and for laughs that seldom arrive.
N.O.
It's more a situation than a story, but a pretty funny situation.
Promising premise goes nowhere.
Hums along nicely as it diagnoses what Dr. Judith calls 'the least-parented, least-nurtured generation—ever.' It's funny without being broad, thanks to a fine ensemble...
I really wanted to like this film because its cast is generally terrific in everything they do , but only Richard Jenkins and Catherine O'Hara really stand out here. A near-miss and sadly blah comedy that should have been smarter.
It feels like an act of therapy rather than an organic story. Fortunately, the strong cast of comedy experts make it very funny.
The film is too broad to be discerning, but there are a few laughs here and there, thanks to a solid comedic ensemble.
There are a few moments of painful insight here that some may find uncomfortable, but the script by Modern Family writer Ben Karlin strives to keep things lighthearted. It makes for an uneven experience, but also an enjoyable one.
"A.C.O.D." may leave a slightly sour aftertaste. As a look at the state of modern monogamy - or at least our enduring if misguided faith in it - it's refreshingly acerbic.
Not only is the movie just so-so, but the parts themselves aren't much.
Just hearing brilliant actors like Richard Jenkins and Catherine O'Hara at each other's throats or watching remarkably likable stars like Adam Scott and Mary Elizabeth Winstead figure out their relationship has enough charm.
The movie's messy, predictable, occasionally sitcom-shallow, but it's blessed with a cast of pro farceurs-including Amy Poehler and Jane Lynch-who put a spin on almost everything they do.
A syndrome that may provide food for thought but not a lot of laughs.
Doesn't rise much beyond the level of a sitcom that might find a home on premium cable rather than Fox.
Scott deserves credit for finding a deeper sense that kids of divorce often lose their innocence too soon.
The movie toggles unconvincingly between grounded emotions and sitcom shtick.
A sharp but warm-hearted comedy with a hint of rom-com spice that's more than happy to take advantage of its cast's built-in likability.
"A.C.O.D." is sitcom-y, but in the sense that it's a neatly arced comedy w/a steady stream of jokes, delivered by a professionals who efficiently hit every punchline.
There's an undertone of score-settling to this not-so-romantic comedy, a bitterness that's sometimes unpleasant and sometimes wickedly funny.
A.C.O.D. is reasonably pleasant and therapeutic and antiseptic and you just wish somebody would bring a chandelier down on somebody else at some point.
Mature farce about divorce has some hilarious bits.
The screenplay simply doesn't provide enough reasons to feel bad for Adam Scott's Carter amid his personal crisis.
Director Stuart Zicherman, who wrote the screenplay for A.C.O.D. with Ben Karlin, must have drawn on his own life here, and he has drawn extremely well, for this is one very funny film.
[A] pointless, meaningless and witless comedy ...
"A.C.O.D." is a sharp, dark-ish character comedy, settling for a dry tolerance in its point of view that is very appealing and even admirable.
The spectacular cast makes the most of the sharp dialogue and depictions of world-class boundary issues.
It's downright criminal that Zicherman had the cast he did, stacked with stars from Parks and Recreation, Best In Show, Step Brothers, The Office and Party Down, and yet the result is as flaccid and stale as this.
Mr. Zicherman needs a better crew, some time with the Criterion Collection and a fresher story, one perhaps not plucked from his own life.
Even with Adam Scott, Richard Jenkins, Catherine O'Hara, Jane Lynch and Amy Poehler on board, the results are regrettably forgettable.
A spotty comedy with a great cast and a catchy title that falls apart in the final third.
Any movie starring these justly adored actors is likely to have its share of highlights and both are, indeed, delightful to watch.
First-time director Stu Zicherman deserves the most praise just for assembling this cast, and particularly for giving Scott such a big role. These are astonishingly talented people who do most of the heavy lifting.
It's too broad to qualify as incisive, too mild to rise above the level of amusing.
It's neither consistently funny nor poignant enough to make the most of its impressive cast.
This is the sort of movie you watch on a long flight because you like at least one of the cast members, and you laugh a few times, and then you forget that you ever saw it.
Too sluggish for farce and too glib for a trenchant social satire, A.C.O.D. is several sessions short of a breakthrough.
Zicherman should have trusted his dark instincts; he did too much micromanaging of his own.
A.C.O.D. was made for Adam Scott, and with our writers deciding to keep the themes light and breezy, it's a good thing he was there to pick up the slack.
Funny, sharply observed but a little slow.
Writer/director Stu Zicherman's last work in Hollywood was co-writing Jennifer Garner superhero movie Elektra, so A.C.O.D. is quite at least a big step in the right direction, but I hope there's a little more craft and a little more bite on the next film.
Disappointingly opts for broad humour over genuine drama in its second half, but anyone who has been through a similar situation will find it undeniably resonant.
Stu Zicherman's amusing but formulaic man-in-crisis comedy has neither a fully realised protagonist nor a clear message.
A solid debut for Zicherman, and a worthy vehicle for Scott and company.
It's a lot of fun -- and I'm sure a lot of A.C.O.D's will find a lot to love about it.
Zicherman, who also directed the film, has brought together a strong comedic cast, but he also utilizes them well to create a funny film that even those of us who are not A.C.O.D.s (see: me) can relate to.
A.C.O.D. is like some wild and woolly French family drama that hums along in fast motion.
The comedy will strike a chord with viewers who've had to "be the adult" in relationships with divorced parents.
Carter's existential crisis simply isn't interesting enough to sustain the movie, even at a scant 87 minutes, no matter how likable the leading man.
A.C.O.D.'s smooth establishment of its sharp, funny characters can't sustain the film's momentum.

@highlight

Despite its impressive cast and some sharp observations, A.C.O.D. is neither funny enough nor poignant enough to work as a potent comedy or incisive satire.