Though Beautiful Creatures is occasionally simplistic, and definitely goofy, it's also a genuinely compassionate story of what it's like to make your first adult decisions in a world where nothing is black or white.
The massive plus this gothic teen romance has over Twilight is that it's frequently funny - intentionally.
For those still mourning the end of the Twilight series, here's something to get you back on your feet - another supernatural teen love story, with witches and warlocks replacing vampires and werewolves.
It's a Southern-fried supernatural teen romance that's all empty calories and rich taste-just the thing for a Valentine's Day release.
It never finds any kind of balance, going from tasteful but kind of dull to inane and sort of captivating.
There's an air of contempt to the picture, with a lot of bored, talented people openly acknowledging that they probably should be doing something more productive with their time.
Beautiful Creatures is like the Twilight movies but with a chaperone making sure the boys dance a foot apart from the girls.
A superficial supernatural story that aimlessly seeks to follow in the footsteps of 'Twilight.'
May tap into familiar themes of forbidden love oppression, but it's the unique texture of the world, along with the phenomenal cast surrounding it that makes this the most promising teen supernatural drama yet.
Surprisingly peppy and charming -- not transcendent of its narrowly defined genre, but a worthwhile entry in it, and not a bad film all around.
A startlingly good exploration of good, evil and the perseverance of love.
Beautiful Creatures is a half-filled glass of teen pablum...
I wanted to know more about the Casters, and hopefully we'll get a sequel to round out the mythos better.
This is a perfectly solid coming-of-age fantasy, closer in spirit to 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' than to the recent spate of Stephenie Meyer clones.
I found myself growing incredibly bored by the film. Nothing was new or fresh enough to earn my interest.
Who would've thought that Emo Witches and Satanic Southern MILFS could end up being so entertaining?
Any hope of tapping into the Twilight vibe is pretty much neutered by the film's haphazard storyline, stuttering pace and inordinate length.
...much weirder, cooler and knowing, more in league with something like The Perks of Being a Wallflower than anything Stephenie Meyer will ever create. It doesn't aim higher; it aims in several competing, uncharted directions.
Trying to become the next "Twilight," it is a better film in most respects than any entry in that franchise - although that's damning it with faint praise.
Director Richard LaGravenese helms this dark-magic romantic fantasy, and it's surprisingly better than the unfair label with which it's been slapped (yep, you know the one: it just wants to be another damn Twilight)
There are some impressive special effects in the film, but these are used sparingly. The main story is the love affair, and it is surrounded by so much acting talent that the rest of the story works.
We rush through the background of the characters with the focus more on building the lovey-dovey relationship between Ethan and Lena.
LaGravenese elicits some wonderfully hammy turns, particularly from Irons and Thompson, although a tighter edit wouldn't have gone amiss
Alice Englert and Alden Ehrenreich give performances that make this thing worth seeing. Given that the story is preposterous, it's entertaining enough to keep you awake most of the time.
While this movie easily has more charm than the cynically produced Twilight films, it somehow lacks the charisma.
Interesting settings and costumes plus plus weird ghostly stuff can't save this fantasy romance. Still, Alden Ehrenreich and Alice Englert seem sincere and committed to their co-starring roles here.
Twilight wannabe is lushly photographed drivel
The problem is tone. LaGravenese lets the English have their heads, while the young Americans moon and kiss and frown like they mean it.
[Alice Englert] really is a terrific new star presence.
It's the pleasing nature of the two young central characters that gives the film its heart and its ballast.
It is the encompassing mythology that is muddied and murky, complete with misogynistic renderings of female sexuality that the mystical packaging can't overcome.
"Beautiful Creatures" is a supernatural southern-fried teen romance that's a bit on the corny side and far from scary.
Oozing with the angst of a teenager that has just been banned from using Facebook for a week
Beautiful Creatures is scrumptious junk food that perhaps only a teenage audience can fully appreciate. I reverted to 14 as I watched, and ate it up.
It's a damn shame Beautiful Creatures fumbles with its own fantasy lore, for it presents a young romantic couple worth caring about.
The big stars act silly, and the unknown stars have no spark
Beautiful Creatures gives supernatural teenage romance a good name, or at least a better one than the entire Twilight Saga offered.
A semi-successful slice of Southern gothic panto.
'Beautiful Creatures' is stylish, campy fun at times.
But all the richness and complexity in its central theme is never grasped or fully fleshed out.
If we must have supernatural high-school romances, can they all be as relatively painless as Beautiful Creatures?
Sudsy and spooky, aimed at lusty adolescents searching for the next romantic fantasy now that the 'Twilight' saga has concluded.
With its Romeo and Juliet genesis, Beautiful Creatures promises a sweet new mortal & supernatural romance, but doesn't quite get there. Too much cheese in the recipe.
A girl with magical powers and a boy whose only power is love are the central focus of this entertaining, striking film that promises to fill the void left by the Twilight franchise
Everything is so low-key it doesn't really stick, which is strange when you consider that the movie is about nothing less than a supernatural war over a teenage girl's soul.
What Beautiful Creatures!
Twilight with witches instead of vampires, Beautiful Creatures serves up another tale of star-crossed lovers blighted by warring supernatural cliques, mapping another invented mythology onto the hormonally charged world of teenage desires.
For all the vitriol directed at the shaky Twilight series, all of its entries are definitely better than this dull and insipid movie.
What works best about the film is what you might fear the most - the teen romance. It's the supernatural part that sucks.
I'd enjoy listening to Emma Thompson even if she was reading me my list of offenses against the Crown while the Royal Buggerer oiled up his Punishment Phallus.
For a while, in the early going, you sense the filmmakers may entertain greater ambitions, that they see sly possibilities.
'Creatures' offers an entertaining coming-of-age drama filled with romance and fantasy that should appeal to the 'Twilight' crowd. It's not as campy one might have expected.
Lena's curse is ladled on with a bulldozer, the heavy need for repeated exposition always making the film feel like an adaptation rather than a pure movie.
The special effects are rarely special. Bad movie practice looms large as characters have private conversations out in the open or worse again, narrate the action.
Beautiful Creatures has enough exposition for two or three ordinary movies because without constant explanations it would be impossible to understand.
The wow-factor is incredibly low. Stormy skies, blowing winds and turning teen boys into raging horndogs are part of the natural world and don't require much in the way of witchcraft.
Beautiful Creatures is a potential cure for Twihards going through Bella and Edward withdrawal and ultimately it's also a good movie.
Repeat after me: Two appealing leads do not a movie make. Alden Ehrenreich and Alice Englert are likable in a film that never really goes anywhere.
While this package has all of the key marketing elements to reach the Twilight audience, the film itself is rather a lot more fun, made with some wit and intelligence, plus a cast that's happy to chomp on the scenery.
A boring, preposterous mess.
A very enjoyable and welcome addition to the ever-popular supernatural teen romance genre and a worthy heir to the Twilight throne.
Beautiful Creatures is silly supernatural tosh with lots of garish special-effects and a surprisingly decent cast.
If the best thing that can be said about a bad melodrama is that the actors are in on the joke, it's probably time to rethink the approach.
Viola Davis suffers the greatest indignity, literally playing a magic Negro who holds down two jobs; one as a housekeeper and the other as a supernatural librarian. Both serve white people.
One of the best movies of its kind. That's not saying much, but just take the compliment already.
It coasts to a stop too often for comfort, searching in vain for a reason to keep moving forward.
Supposedly meaningful themes end up lost in the shuffle of endless, pointless dialogue and attempts to use some mysterious supernatural elements to excite our imaginations.
A clumsy mess of supernatural hooey that conveniently shifts its rules and reasoning whenever the story needs a shove in the direction of its inevitable showdown.
A wiry slice of subversive Southern Gothic that will go down a treat with teens who consider themselves too smart for Twilight.
The movie is claimed ... by narrative incoherence, Tim Burton-envy and the usual demons of digital effects.
If this film makes enough money, sequels will surely follow. You've been warned.
This surprisingly beguiling attempt to blend fantasy, coming-of-age drama, melodrama, camp and social critique isn't always successful - but it's nearly always entertaining.
[C]learly hoping to ride on Twilight's supernatural star-crossed sex-free teenage-romance coattails... Apparently, fantasies for young girls that teach them to hate their own humanity are officially a thing now.
A dash -- only a dash -- of Tim Burton ghoulishness might have helped.
Jeremy Irons, Emma Thompson and an under-used Viola Davis all lend some credibility to what could have otherwise become a laughable farce.
It's silly, it's too long, but it's not "Twilight"...and that's never a bad thing.
The movie must stand or fall on the shoulders of the young lovers, and they are a believable pair. It may also help that the film does not rely on excessive effects.
Beautiful Creatures understood what it had to do, and what it had to be, to cast the right spell on its target audience of hormone-besieged teens.
Far from spellbinding.
Tween girls and sexually unsatisfied adult women, gird your loins -- it's time for another epically romantic teen-fantasy franchise, and this one is really good.
For a film about love and witches, Beautiful Creatures is a passionless experience, surprisingly devoid of actual movie magic.
A silly, disjointed and incomplete narrative makes it nearly impossible to appreciate what could have been an intriguing new supernatural franchise.
This fantasy about witches and warlocks walking among us was clearly produced for the Twilight crowd, but a witty script and the enjoyably hammy performances from Emma Thompson and Jeremy Irons broaden its appeal.
It's "Teen True Blood" minus the corpuscles.
For all its magical nonsense and overstuffed lore, Beautiful Creatures is also a simple story about kids who just want to be normal teenagers in love.
Just when you thought you were done with the perennial teenage supernatural romance, it's back!
Lush book adaptation mixes romance, fantasy, some violence.
There's just enough here to make the inevitable sequels a not-entirely-unwelcome prospect.
Beautiful Creatures rests entirely upon the shoulders of leads. And in that sense, it completely works.
If the film survives the poxes and put-downs from fans, it will be due, in no small part, to the breezy charms of actor Alden Ehrenreich as Ethan. He has the looks of mid-1950s Tony Curtis and a goofy affability.
It's a lot funnier than it sounds. The whole enterprise, in fact, is like a slightly snarky version of "Twilight," with a little gender-mandering.
Sumptuous-looking, crisply directed, wonderfully cast and far wittier than the drippy, earnest Twilight Saga. A captivating tale with a tongue-in-cheek sense of play.
A garish supernatural story.
As supernatural types, Oscar winners Jeremy Irons and Emma Thompson overact so strenuously and with such outrageously awful Southern accents that you fear the damage this crock may do to their reputations.
The movie version completely drains the narrative of whatever charm or intrigue might have existed on the page, leaving behind a dry, withered husk.
Within the needlessly complicated script and CGI special-effects overkill, there are some promising moments.
Beautiful Creatures is perfect filler for teens left bereft by the end of the Twilight films.
Beautiful Creatures is good fun and I want to know what happens next for Lena the teenaged witch.
A clear bid to ignite a franchise capable of filling the hole left in teenage hearts by the end of the Twilight saga.
The original young-adult book had even more going on, but filmmaker Richard LaGravenese has tried to simplify it. Even so, the movie's mythology seems confused if not outright contradictory.
If only we could hope that Beautiful Creatures would stick to a single film or a maximum of one sequel, before its modest charms wear out.
The movie is enriched by a number of famous actors-some of whom would have to be said to be slumming.
Like the Civil War re-enactments featured in the final action scene, it all looks insane on the surface, but has a mighty power to suck you in.
...a new vision of witchery that is more playful, coherent and intelligent. If you're thinking a deep-fried, more hormonally charged Harry Potter, that's not it, but it's close to the intention at least.
... As much of a chore to get through as any of those movies with the sparkly vampires.
Beautiful Creatures is terrible twaddle.
The plot is wildly silly and shot full of holes, maundering endlessly on its slow trawl towards the climax. But the cast at least play it like they mean it, and keep it honest for a spell.
Beautiful Creatures tries terribly hard to establish its own mythology of magic and witchcraft and Southern-fried adolescent angst.
A movie so schizoid in its extremes of pleasure and pain that it's hard to know how to weigh its contradictions, or even where to begin separating them.
It has quite a few good lines and laugh-out-loud moments, while it's atmospherically shot.
Watchable teen fantasy romance enlivened by strong performances and some nice ideas, though it's a little early to tell if it has the full-on Twilight potential the filmmakers are clearly hoping for.
Beautiful Creatures is an oddball creation: a morality play with no basic understanding of morality.
In the end, "Beautiful Creatures" is lacking in the one element it most needs: magic.
The comedy defuses and deflates the drama, frustrating those who would be swept away by belief.
This is silly stuff, but powerful all the same.
Too bad Ehrenreich and Englert have so little chemistry; it often appears director Richard LaGravenese shot their scenes with stand-ins.
...a hopelessly misguided attempt to cash in on Twilight's massive success...
Another attempt to adapt a young adult novel that fails to justify the adaptation.
Had the filmmakers stayed the course set early on, this might have been a terrific antidote to the (unintentional) horror of the insidious 'Twilight' movies.(Full Content Review for Parents also available)
'Beautiful Creatures' is so brazen of a 'Twilight' knock-off, one has to respect its chutzpah.
It's 'Twilight' with the sexes reversed, yes, but if 'Beautiful Creatures' becomes a four-sequel, screaming-tween-assault phenomenon I'll at least be able to understand it, if not quite buy in.
It's got all the ingredients to be the successor to 'Harry Potter' and 'Twilight' but there's not enough magic to put you under its spell.
The various transformations, expanding powers, and sense of alienation seem like a tangible reflection (and only mild exaggeration) of the experience of adolescence.
Not romantic enough to make the viewer gush and not imaginative enough to work as pure fantasy, the film falls into a mediocre rut that it doesn't pull out of.
Frankly, the main couple in "Beautiful Creatures" is a bore, but the stuff surrounding them is good for some campy fun.
Irons and Thompson, whose Oscars aren't likely to get any company for their supporting turns here, at least bring the zest generally lacking from writer-director Richard LaGravenese's dutiful adaptation.
Don't look for logic here, but who says that romantic love is logical?
The movie is an intriguing, intelligent enigma - three words not typically associated with teen romances.
a.k.a. The Satanic Rites of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood. . .
This romp into the occult has a potent sense of humor. That comic edge and strong dialogue raises the movie's quality over most teen romances.
What's missing -- from the entire movie -- is that magical spark that can turn a film into a franchise.
Not all Young Adult Fiction adaptations are created equal.
In the end, "Beautiful Creatures" has one overarching problem: It's boring.
There's not much new under the moon here, which makes what the writer and director Richard LaGravenese does with the story all the more notable.
The relationship is an endearing one -- enough so to at least carry us through the initial revelations and developments of the movie's actual plot...
If the franchise doesn't churn over the caster mythology and focuses on character instead, this could be the start of something good.
Plays like a funnier, edgier, Southern-gothic knockoff of the "Twilight" universe, with a distinct liberal-secular sensibility and without the virginal sexuality, po-faced seriousness or undertones of Christianity.
special effects, a powerhouse cast and excellent production cannot mask that the original story is not very original and the big finale falls flat.
While it's never quite as spellbinding as its witchcraft-themed story line promises, "Beautiful Creatures" is a welcome addition to the ranks of paranormal teen romance.
The derivative script and skimpy effects don't convey either the power or the problems of being a young witch.
More laughs are expected in the next two installments of what threatens to become a trilogy. It's early, but I'm already making plans to be out of town.
This is campy and overcooked, boringly piling on special effects.
Teen-goth fiction doesn't have to be all talking wolves and vampire babies.
Who knew that emo could be this much fun?
[It] lacks danger and momentum. The audience, like Ethan, spends way too much time waiting around for Lena to learn whether she's a good girl or a bad girl.
Empowerment and powerlessness become entangled in a coming-of-age myth that could prove appealing to young women for many sequels to come.
Beautiful Creatures doesn't feel like it was made by a studio that loved the books, but rather the idea of success that a film adaptation might bring.
I kind of dug "Beautiful Creatures," even if I, like most of you, am ready to drive a stake into the entire "My boyfriend/girlfriend is a vampire/werewolf/alien/zombie/Sasquatch" genre.
This crass, empty studio calculation is easily one of the worst films I have ever watched for review.
If Tim Burton had made 'Twilight' on an off day, the result would have been something like this.
The weaknesses of Beautiful Creatures ultimately outweigh the strengths but the conviction of the central relationship is good enough to keep things from becoming laughably bad, even if it all comes apart toward the end.
Writer-director Richard LaGravenese introduces characters and loses track of them, builds toward a mildly daring ending and backs cravenly away from it, even seems to contradict himself ...
You want this star-crossed couple to stick together, come what may - and that's rare enough at the movies.
No matter how many genres you mix and match to come up with this thing, it's still not very good.
A strong cast of likable and, yes, beautiful actors can only do so much with the formula in which they're forced to work.
It's first and foremost a semi-plodding teen romance with supernatural overtones.
It's the bulk of the story that ultimately confuses LaGravenese, who's unable to isolate ideal dramatic highs and lows, catching the adaptation blues as he strives to please fans and welcome newcomers.
Sure, it's another movie looking for a supernatural metaphor for adolescent anxieties, but it does so while reminding us just how raw teenage emotions can be.
Ehrenreich and Englert feed the heat between these two, and you actually care about this potentially doomed relationship getting a fair shot.
A viable jumpstart of yetta nudder escapist fantasy franchise.
Its primness aside, the movie is terrific fun and much more affecting than Twilight or Supernatural.
LaGravanese at times spins striking images - a scene in which Ethan walks into a magical time warp is particularly nightmarish. But he also has a weakness for clichés; I guess he's been taking lessons from the wrong books.
Beautiful Creatures plays like an illustrated compendium of scenes from the novel, as opposed to a finely tuned narrative all its own.
Densely, atmospherically shot, with two appealing leads...keep an eye on the two rising stars.
That Beautiful Creatures can offer both sumptuous silliness and a teen couple whose relationship actually matters is its own particular brand of magic.
Ehrenreich and Englert make for an engagingly aloof screen couple, but head down the cast list and you'll find there's plenty of enjoyable scenery-chewing on show.
A supernatural spell of boringness smothers it all.
Maybe the books are a fun read for kids, but the movie is pretty dull.
A concoction that makes highly calculated use of fantasy, fates, taboos, young love and visual hocus-pocus to ensnare an audience in a narrative web that's pretty darn ridiculous.
The film ultimately plays like so much teenage girl poetry, heavy on the angst, endearingly naive in its notions of love and yet brought vividly to life by a game cast, evocative locations (both indoors and out) and stunning anamorphic lensing.
One-liners drawl from the lips like Spanish moss dripping from the oaks in a script so witty it attracted Oscar winners Emma Thompson and Jeremy Irons and Oscar nominee Viola Davis in supporting roles.
The film goes out of its way to present a Romeo and Juliet tale from a different angle, but the mixing of romantic melodrama and mythic gothic is disappointing.
[VIDEO ESSAY] An imaginative adolescent gothic romance, "Beautiful Creatures" arrives with considerably more camp and intellectual humor than the "Twilight" franchise to which "Creatures" is sure to be compared.
The film's spell soon evaporates once the lumbering plot machinations take over, pummeling us with a storyline that's both overly complicated and numbingly familiar.
Beautiful Creatures isn't pure camp -- there's some real emotion in there. But not enough to hit you on a primal level.
If you can turn your brain off - or tap into the adolescent girl within - you should have fun.
Beautiful Creatures basically spits in the face of a legacy of literature founded on feelings of exclusion and social alienation.

@highlight

Charming romantic leads and esteemed supporting cast aside, Beautiful Creatures is a plodding YA novel adaptation that feels watered down for the Twilight set.