What made Botswana a success and its next-door neighbor Zimbabwe a complete disaster? A part of the answer can be found in the new and excellent movie A United Kingdom.
Oyelowo and Pike make attractive leads -- particularly when contrasted with the cold-hearted, sherry-sipping, upper-crusty British bureaucrats -- and naturally, you'll root for their success.
As in her previous film, Belle, Amma Asante chooses the love story to talk about problems of the past that are reflected today. [Full review in Spanish]
Wins on many levels. It's an absorbing true love story, a well-crafted (and gorgeously filmed) historic piece. And, it's a testament to what Romeo and Juliet knew all along. Love is bigger than family feuds, politics and, in this case, color
One of the great British films of 2016: it will send you out into the night knowing a little more about the world and, just possibly, quietly determined to do a little better by it. I couldn't recommend it more highly.
[David Oyelowo and Rosamund Pike] generate enough heat to light up the entirety of what would otherwise be a pretty dim and drab motion picture.
To assume that such themes are not still as important today would be foolhardy, but the sheer overtness of it is confronting.
Though A United Kingdom has an emotional arc that is too predictable, its resurrection of a widely forgotten piece of twentieth-century history is worthy.
I'm just going to tell you that A United Kingdom revealed to me an interesting historical incident of which I was previously unaware, tying it to some broader historical issues that are continuingly relevant.
Asante sometimes resorts to standard-issue storytelling moments...But these moments are effective because the story is so compelling.
A United Kingdom makes the most of a titbit of history. Aspects of this true story connect to all sorts of history well known, yet little of its history is known. This is a connect-the-dots history.
A United Kingdom doesn't shrink from presenting explosive racial issues.
Unfortunately, the film does its subjects little credit, suffering from directing and writing choices that keep it from achieving its potential.
This politically charged love story is beautifully told even as the timeline of events is rearranged and compressed for a two-hour film.
The results are more correct than brilliant, since its director has opted for a classic narration. [Full review in Spanish]
Oyelowo is wholly credible in the role as a man obliged to balance the responsibility of his birthright and the needs of his heart. Gone Girl's Pike, often a chilly presence onscreen, generates sufficient warmth for the role of Ruth.
Amma Asante's third film is a tastefully made true-life story, based around a forgotten romance that caused familial, national and international strife.
I love that [Asante] has found a particular narrative that means something to her... But still, A UNITED KINGDOM is a disappointing effort from a promising director.
The film begins strong, as an account of a forbidden love. But midway, that thread peters out, giving way to an uninspired description about the political machinations behind giving an African protectorate its independence.
It would have been easy for one of these plot threads to strangle the other, but the crisp writing, strong direction by Amma Asante plus Oscar-worthy performances by Oyelowo and Pike make each story support the other.
Oyetolo ("Selma") and Pike ("Gone Girl") are simply heartbreaking, either together or apart, in turning back family biases and political racism.
A welcome reminder that, even in the direst of situations and in the most impossible of times, love can indeed trump hate.
A sturdy historical drama that doubles as a love story and a surprisingly timely appeal for tolerance and understanding.
[Oyelowo] is wonderfully naturalistic here, as always.
Compassionate, if shallow, it's an inspiring geopolitical biopic.
A United Kingdom eventually settles for a modest spot on the good section of the quality spectrum.
Only slightly more stirring than a Wikipedia entry.
A warm, welcoming story of love crossing all borders.
A United Kingdom combines history, romance and political intrigue for a solid and ultimately satisfying dramatic story.
In profile, A United Kingdom couldn't look more charismatic. When you come a little closer? Not so much. It's not the actors' fault.
There's nothing wrong with it, but it has a stolid predictability, moving from frustration to triumph with the clanking regularity of a well-built clock that nevertheless could do with a little oiling.
It honors this extraordinary couple's defiant and unwavering love for each other, but it doesn't celebrate it much beyond a cliched falling-in-love montage and a chaste wedding-night scene.
The love is there; what's missing is the care.
Fascinating history told in less than romantic, abrupt strokes
Films like A United Kingdom may offer a very familiar cinematic approach, but prove to be no less worthy of being told.
Like "Loving," which dealt with interracial marriage in the States, "A United Kingdom" rises above dealing with the same subject thanks to the performances of the film's stars
Fortunately for moviegoers, Assante's two leads are so adorable and charismatic together that it's easy to root for them.
Screenwriter Guy Hibbert and Asante pull off a precision balancing act, illuminating the intensity of the love the couple shared and never once allowing their romance to take a back seat to the issues.
... develops intrigue by weaving together its intimate love story with broader geopolitical issues.
A sublime romantic drama.
Director Amma Asante is carving a niche for herself, making gorgeous-looking cinema from untold histories. Her best asset here is Oyelowo.
Noble but stuffy, "A United Kingdom's" good intentions suffer from its dull, predictable beats.
Oyelowo and Pike make for a convincing couple, even if the romance is the love-at-first-sight variety that requires a certain leap of faith.
A moving film about the love, courage, and perseverance of an interracial couple facing wide-ranging challenges to their marriage.
It makes no bones about attempting to turn a story of cross-cultural romance and international politics into a solid crowd-pleaser. But it doesn't strike that irresistible spark.
Oyelowo captures Seretse's quiet dignity while also hinting at the limits of his patience. And Pike is compelling as a woman who rises to the occasion regardless of the circumstances.
Sometimes a movie can have a bland face but a fierce heart.
Pike and Oyelowo muster a chemistry that transforms the clichéd images of the pair embracing into something genuinely romantic.
Oyelowo's Seretse can both deliver a barnburner of a speech and put a gentle world of meaning into a quiet "Thank you, my love"; Pike's Ruth wears her wide-open heart on her face.
Let's say, 'Loving,' African style!
Another, more obscure and yet equally stirring interracial romance. Pike and Oyelowo excel.
A United Kingdom weaves history and character until they're one in the same, and the victories are all the more satisfying for it.
Strong performances by David Oyelowo and Rosamund Pike raise the quality of this by-the-numbers look at a fascinating true-life story.
Oyelowo and Pike are perfect together, conveying a deep well of love buoyed by joy and fierce loyalty.
Amma Asante's A United Kingdom is another glorious, poignant biopic on interracial love that challenges then changes the world.
The film grows... dully instructional.
Oyelowo and Pike have solid chemistry together. Oyelowo gets the big, speechifying, showcase moments -- but Pike shines in quieter scenes.
As its scope expands, the film peels back layers of injustice while telling a compelling, if overly simplified and rose-tinted, story in the process.
Although the relationship lacks a certain fire, the acting is superb.
At the end of the movie, a crawl tells us of the amazing accomplishments Seretse and Ruth did in their later years. And you wonder how much more satisfying this movie could have been had these been part of this story.
Vividly depicted by Oyelowo and Pike, the noble pair show that sometimes love and determination can make a difference.
Asante resorts to a few corny clichés (spinning newspaper headlines to denote time, place and issues of the day), but she has a charming way with the actors and her leads are truly irresistible.
It's fine, but it should have been so much more.
[Amma Asante's film] contains two praise-worthy performances, in the story of an interracial romance that had major repercussions during the era of European de-colonization in the second half of the 20th Century.
A fact-based political romance about one of the most remarkable love stories you've never heard about.
"A United Kingdom" features committed performances and illuminates events that are, in themselves, worthy of note. It's not a bad film, just, strangely, not a good one.
A United Kingdom never sacrifices its narrative in favor of making a statement and it rarely resorts to sermonizing.
With "A United Kingdom" we get a love story and a quiet revolution that propelled Botswana to independence
A United Kingdom brings its central love story to life with honor, respect, and above all else, authenticity.
A United Kingdom, with its saintly good folk and sneering bad folk emptily exhorting, is closer to a dry historical tutorial.
Harks back to Out of Africa but Khama and Williams are no star-crossed lovers. We savor their triumph, and through it they make the world they live in a little sweeter.
Watching Oyelowo and Pike dance, flirt, then fall in love is glorious.
This is the uncommon case of a political movie that's ethical rather than sentimental.
Beautiful but slightly flat drama about powerful love story.
It's a film that's carried by its stars.
A United Kingdom is well made and well-intentioned. But Asante is also saddled with a script from Guy Hibbert that spells out everything for the audience.
An interracial romance between a British clerk and African royalty highights a historical flashpoint and offers a primo acting showcase for Oyelowo and Pike. It's a defiant cry from the heart.
This is a true love story, not just between Seretse and Ruth, but between the filmmakers telling this story and the people and the country where it is set.
A United Kingdom doesn't wholly escape a feeling of didacticism, with characters made subservient to a glorified history lesson, rather than leaping off the screen as living, breathing people.
You might wish this extraordinary story had been told with more verve or flair. Yet it is an extraordinary story, solidly based on historical events, one in which love and idealism are confronted by racism on both sides of the color line.
This enormously satisfying story honors the smiling, courageous couple we see in a photo behind the closing credits.
As its lead characters take a stance against prejudice, they're so noble and symbolically important that they're also two-dimensional and boring.
It's hard not to react exactly as the script intends, heartstrung by every fresh hardship or victory.
The opening title "Based on a true story" can cover a multitude of movie sins, but in "A United Kingdom," it unlocks the door to a romantic drama that grows more remarkable by the minute.
It's Mr. Oyelowo who truly makes "A United Kingdom" a deeper, more rewarding film.
Outside of confirming its stars' presence, A United Kingdom is more valuable as history than filmmaking.
Worthwhile, enjoyable though not especially stirring depiction of the monumental struggle faced by an African king [...] and the white British woman he loved.
It may hit some familiar notes along the way, but when the story is this good, you don't really mind hearing it again.
A United Kingdom is fascinating. It's a love story that was way ahead of its time.
Asante's already proven she can world-build while wrangling a romance with her indie hit Belle, but she needs a jewel of a script, and this one is no diamond.
On the whole, Asante's movie, though crammed with the white man's treachery, has a dulled and inoffensive sheen ...
Amma Asante has established herself as a filmmaker and storyteller able to convey a strong sense of time and place, breathing life into the characters within whose plight is high on stakes worth investing in.
All of this is neatly condensed into an old-fashioned tale about the importance of standing up to bullying, prejudice and pomposity. And despite a certain amount of caricature, it's done well.
The result is a rich, stirring look at one of modern society's most enduring -- and yes, inspirational -- marriages, underpinned by political machinations that remain all too relevant.
Great performances from both actors sell the romance and the struggle. This is an inspiring true story that really deserves to be retold.
Elegant, intelligent, evocative and emotion-inducing cinema.
As far as rousing romances based on real-life stories go, A United Kingdom hits the jackpot.
An astonishing story, well told.
Only Ms Pike, fishing for humanity in the waters of the preachy-pantomimic, makes viewing bearable.
Asante's handsome, glossy account of the Williams-Khama alliance, masks a great deal of ugliness.
Essentially a two-lovers-against-the-world, the film scores for its touching performances and the balance between the romance and the volatile apartheid-driven politics that framed it.
Directed by Amma Asante (who helmed Belle with a similarly sure and light touch) A United Kingdom is a powerful story told with grace, dignity and restraint.
Asante's biographical drama benefits greatly from the fine, measured playing of Pike, Oyelowo, Terry Pheto as his disapproving sister and others.
While it is doubtful A United Kingdom will end up making the Academy Awards cut in any of the categories it clearly aspires to, it handles the balance between actual events and elevated emotions quite nicely indeed.
Assante and Hibbert have woven a convincing narrative while Oyelowo and an ageless Pike have carried the burden of playing these extraordinary people with dignity.
The lovers are played by David Oyelowo, whose recent roles in Selma and Queen of Katwe have established him as a major talent, and the sublime Rosamund Pike, whose Ruth is every bit as courageous as her husband.
...a very high calibre piece of cinema.
It's a fascinating film but I couldn't help but wonder how much more potent it might have been in the hands of another director
What the movie lacks in depth, it more than makes up for in solid acting and a compelling (and convincing) love story.
There are a lot of wonderful things about A United Kingdom; strong performances, an uplifting story and stunning settings among them; but it just misses the epic impact it's striving for.
A United Kingdom has plenty of flaws, but more than makes up for them with a heart and an affection that is utterly intoxicating.
It's made properly engaging with central roles beautifully played by David Oyelowo and Rosamund Pike. So it's a shame that the screenplay is so simplistic.
Worthiness doesn't get in the way of a great yarn and Asante, who shot the movie in the original locations where these events took place, tells the story with a well-judged mix of humour, giddy love, and painful reality.
It's serviceable. It won't be the biggest disappointment in your life. The story's too good for it to get away completely. But it's simplistic, exposition-heavy, joyless and focuses on the obstacles to their love rather than the love itself.
It's handsomely mounted and David Oyelowo (Martin Luther King in Selma) gives a rousing performance as the idealistic Seretse.
Having cut her teeth as an actor, the director draws terrific performances from her cast, who dance nimbly around some rather on-the-nose dialogue.
Insistent chemistry between David Oyelowo and Rosamund Pike fuels a true story of passionate romance with an urgent message about love as radical and political.
This film tells an important story and tells it very well.
Accept the film on its own broad, crowd-pleasing terms and it is nigh-on impossible not to be swept up.
You should probably read the book instead.
In bringing a little-told chapter of history to a wider audience at a time of ethnic tensions in the UK and abroad, Asante should be applauded; she remains a force for good ...
It's not a wonderful picture, but it is irreproachably worthy, and a little more besides.
Love changes everything in A United Kingdom, a sweeping, sentimental account of true events.
A United Kingdom is well-intentioned, with impassioned performances from Oyelowo and Pike, but it's executed as drily and inoffensively as so many middling Brit period dramas.
Oyelowo and Pike capture their characters' courage, but never the romance that kept their belief burning.
It glides romantically along on the surface while political turmoil boils away underneath. Its plea for tolerance isn't subtle, but it's a story that deserves to be told.
It's an amazing real-life tale, and the brutal realpolitik underpinning it... still carries powerful resonance.
Oyelowo and Pike generate so much heartfelt chemistry it never feels like we're being preached at. The result is absorbing mainstream cinema, a great story told with real craft and flair.
A United Kingdom is a very likeable film about two very admirable people.
After a rough start ... the film turns into something truly engaging and crowd-pleasing.
If it's all a touch connect-the-dots in story and style, these two gifted actors elevate the material, and shine in it.
A high-stakes romantic melodrama of this nature won't be to everyone's tastes -- its 'feelgood' freeze-frame ending is predictably saccharine. Yet, Asante's take on the genre still offers a few subtle twists.
David Oyelowo and Rosamund Pike fall truly, madly, deeply in love in London in 1947.
A United Kingdom hits all of the necessary emotional notes and political intrigue of a solid historical figure drama.
A shallow and sentimental romance, not doing justice to a true story.
The wonderful performances merely prove part of a serviceable historical drama with a desire it can't quite fulfill of being more.
The result is an intimate romantic drama that just happens to play out on the world stage.
Much like Asante's preceding picture Belle, there's an indelible charm and striking aesthetic that makes for such absorbing cinema.
It's pleasant and honourable, and it makes a worthwhile point. But it's strangely lacking in urgency, a period piece that never breaks out of its period.
A biopic best described as 'nice,' though thankfully its lead performances make it worth the while.
[A] sentimental, well-crafted history lesson.
The film rises above the mawkishness or dreary didacticism that characterize too many of its peers.
Stirring, heartstring-strumming stuff ... a chapter of history that rewards a close reading.
A workmanlike and sometimes clumsy screenplay is not enough to extinguish the spark from this real-life fairytale romance, which delivers both a heartfelt emotional story and a grim lesson in 20th-century British foreign policy.
Exactly the film you imagine it's going to be: handsome, honey-coloured and simplistic.
It's a nice movie. And sometimes, nice is enough.
A rousing true love story brings African history to life.
Treats their love story like another Disney princess movie, reducing the drama to a series of polite disagreements between the couple and the cardboard officiates who opposed their union.

@highlight

Well-acted, solidly crafted, and all-around worthy, A United Kingdom presents an absorbing look at a singular true-life love story.