For millions of people, Mel Gibson shows them their Jesus and their salvation.
If I believed in life eternal with access to a heavenly multiplex I still wouldn't advise you to see this film, but, as things stand, if thou goest anywhere this week, be it to see an honest piece of graven imagery, not this religiose rubbish.
... can be read both as a literal illustration of the story of Christ's suffering at the hands of the Roman... and an anti-authoritarian tract that questions the very assumptions of guilt and blame that many take for granted the film shares.
Moving. Powerful. Epic. Beautiful.
Extremely violent, and powerful; for mature teens.
Gibson's passion is all over this film...but his resorting to mawkish, superficial tactics blows the tone off-course from time to time.
With a passionate zeal and the budget to back it, Mel Gibson has created a religious epic which is equally unique, inspirational, and repellent.
The film's lack of discretion robs the viewer of his or own conception of Christ's crucifixion. It is an exploitative disservice to "the greatest story ever told," that reduces that illustrious narrative to an extended torture episode.
It's a shame there isn't a good movie deep down in this excuse for gore and sadism.
It should have been called The Passionator.
I emerged from The Passion of the Christ depressed and spiritually bruised.
More sensational than spiritual, this blood-soaked take on the Stations of the Cross retells the Gospels as a horror movie. You can't help asking: where has all the love gone?
If I were a Christian, I'd be appalled to have this primitive and pornographic bloodbath presume to speak for me.
For a filmmaker who wants to create an adaptation of the story of Jesus, Mel Gibson's motives seem ironically impure.
Easily the most controversial film of the year, Gibson's fil is a visually bold, relentlessly violent epos that suffers from a shallow, undernourished narrative and no characterizations to speak of.
By giving us the feeling of experiencing Jesus' thoughts, and by making us privy to his prayers, The Passion draws us toward Christ's full humanity like no film before.
Mr. Gibson has plucked at the rawest of nerves yet I cannot blame him. He is expressing himself through the medium of film and using the text of his bible as the basis.
Director Gibson tends toward populist impulses without much artistry or invention; he prefers bombardment to poetry.
A tormented movie about torment; loopy, over-reaching and occasionally suspicious. Simultaneously, it is a daring artistic endeavour.
A negative and spiritually underwhelming experience.
Incredibly intense, unflichingly realistic and powerfully moving...One of the all-time great cinematic achievements...God bless Mel Gibson.
One of the best films of this middle-aged decade.
Sick.
This most human of tales is sadly lacking humanity.
Father forgive them - Jesus whipped
Might be mistaken for an instructional video on meat-tenderizing techniques for cannibal chefs. Mel's a muscular Christian without a philosophical bone in his head.
To put so much time, effort and money into something that's ultimately so lifeless seems like a waste to me.
Il est intéressant de voir que le film s'attarde surtout à démontrer la mesquinerie de l'homme plutôt que de glorifier le christianisme.
I don't know how non-believers will react to this, but for me it was an affirmation and strengthening of my faith.
Whatever else it is -- however flawed we find it -- The Passion of the Christ is a work of art.
An ambitious, great, and flawed film ... [it] reminds us that this man never quit loving us, never quit forgiving his enemies, even as they tore him to shreds.
To give Gibson credit, with The Passion he's passionately striving for art, trying to paint the modern equivalent of a Caravaggio canvas on an actor's body. But in a world engulfed by holy war, it's one scary picture.
Mel Gibson, the Lord love him--and I believe He does, has succeeded in producing the first major motion picture ever that is both spiritually and historically challenging.
A magnificent story well told...For most Christians the crucifixion has become sort of a cliché, something they know happened without really appreciating what agony it was.
Those with a spiritually vibrant personal relationship to the story may find it as affirming as it is oppressive.
It's like a bloody Renaissance painting come to life. But the DVD is a disappointment.
...the director spends so much time recounting in minute and realistic detail the agony of Christ that he neglects the stronger, spiritual message, of love and kindness.
A powerful, artistic expression of one of the most pivotal moments in the Christian religion.
'Bien filmada, mejor actuada y sólidamente dirigida. Vale la pena todos y cada uno de los centavos de su producción y del costo del boleto de entrada.'
Dead languages and horrific violence aside, this is a film everyone should see, whether they hold any religious beliefs or not.
More of a bludgeon of evangelism than a work of art.
As a work of devotion and faith, "The Passion" is a success. As a piece of filmmaking, it is a failure.
A work that is as horrifying as it is beautiful, as disturbing as it is gratifying, and as powerful as it is controversial.
Una cinta por instantes hermosa, casi siempre demoledora, pero sin duda alguna, profundamente pasional.
The Passion of the Christ is the Jesus story that's been begging to get made since Charlie Heston kicked off his robes and sandals.
Whether you enjoy the film or not, it is undeniably something that will generate good discussion and that makes it worth checking out.
It's almost impossible not to be moved by Jim Caviezel's vulnerability as Christ, even if the idea that he is no 'mere' man is never in doubt.
Hey, I don't believe it literally, but it is a movie, after all -- it's a great story, too, certainly as compelling as "Dead Man Walking."
Gibson turns the thing into a bloody shock spectacle; he implicates the viewers like the Jews who watched the crucifixion and beatings as entertainment.
I found the film more numbing than moving, as if the transformation it charted was not from human to divine, but from man to carcass.
And any power these explicit scenes have is in any case undermined by the absurd tweeness of the final moments.
It's a head-bashing experience, by turns exhausting, exhilarating, and infuriating.
I wanted to be moved. Really, I did. A lot. Instead, I left cold.
like a ballet where physical movements are used to show pain, heartache, evil and suffering
La conmoción deja paso al rechazo o a la admiración con que los maquilladores lograron esas heridas en el cuerpo del actor (lo que se asemeja mucho a la indiferencia).
The entire event is gut-wrenching, but Mel Gibson makes a movie that gives you the guts without the wrench. His Jesus is a whipping post.
Beautiful, violent -- and also funny for all the wrong reasons, and boring.
If you want to get offended by a Mel Gibson movie, nothing is worse than the portrayal of slavery in The Patriot. Yeah, everyone is a happy free voluntary worker.
"The Passion" is big, physical, violent and unflinching. It's unlike any biblical film ever made and it's impossible to watch it with a trace of passivity.
When audiences walk out of theaters in stunned silence, I'm not sure it is for the same reasons director Mel Gibson wanted.
This problem of truth -- how it might be defined, known, or told -- underlies most all of Mel Gibson's film.
pretentious cinematography and gritty realism aside, there's not a whole lot in this torture chamber to be passionate about
A high-gloss exploitation picture, obsessed with the Death Jesus conquered, rather than the Life he gave -- and gives.
[Gibson's] film, virtually stripped of Jesus's incandescent views, is little more that a record of one of the thousands of barbarities committed by the Romans in Judea.
If Gibson imagined that this extended detailing of sadism would somehow be inspirational, he needs to be taken off his biblical steroids.
Mel's rockpile is akin to taking Oliver Twist (another well-thumbed literary tome) and focusing entirely on the scene in which Bill Sykes bludgeons Nancy to death.
Gibson dwells on the gory details of laceration -- one whipping after another and another and another -- until it's the viewer who's tortured, hurt, defensive, and, finally, numb (if not driven to retaliate).
Gibson is just like all the other hateful men who've been successful -- he's the right guy at the right weak moment.
There's no denying Gibson's passion in bringing his vision to the screen, no matter how dodgy his religious beliefs.
The Passion of the Christ is something of a masterpiece, terrible to behold, unfit for children, certainly, but very much the work of a director in the throes of his own distinct passion.
Overall this is a remarkably unremarkable film, lacking in subtlety and enshrouded in that depressing sense of Catholic guilt which Gibson no doubt wrestles with every night.
Passion might be a courageous, visceral, boldly artistic motion picture, but that it doesn't make a very convincing dramatic experience.
Gibson may have given us the most profitable version of this story ever made, but he's also given us the most amateurish, absurd, politically suspect and obsessively violent.
While this is clearly the most controversial film of the year, but I also happen to think it might also be the its most brilliant as well.
Il est indéniable que le film est puissant par moment mais ...
Like my reviews for the "Harry Potter" series, my review of "The Passion of the Christ" will come from the perspective of someone who has not read The Book.
This is the True Gibson Story version of the death of Christ, in all is re-created gory.
This is one of the most powerful and emotional films I have ever seen.
Takes one of mankind's key tales of grace and redemption and reduces it to horror.
The style and mode are a little too heterogeneous to come together right, even though some images have a pared-down majesty, and the main line of the film is tough.
Is Gibson trying somehow to shock us into believing?
Gibson's artistic intentions and interpretation of the gospels have created a film that is both moving and horrifying.
Gibson se concentra em uma passagem que ignora totalmente a compaixão e o amor - dois sentimentos preciosos para alguém que, de acordo com a Bíblia, morreu por nossos pecados.
The richness of the Jesus material is diluted to broad, shallow brush strokes...scant dialogue and...no plot or character development...Gibson delivers the broadest clichés.
If Art is to be measured by how it provokes, The Passion of the Christ may end up being the closest thing to Art we see in our lifetime.
General Jesus Christ is reborn, awarded the most earned Purple Heart in history, and summons his Christian soldiers to march forth and fight whatever battles He calls us to.
As a film for true believers, Passion is zealously self-righteous....In the beginning was the word, and the word was agony.
BLOOD GORE PAIN!!!!!! Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
The power of spectacle overrides spiritual insight.
Mr. Gibson has gone to a lot of sweat and expense to make a movie that doesn't say much of anything new.
Whereas the words say love, love, love, the sounds and images say hate, hate, hate.
It's not an instructive or illuminating experience...but a visceral and vicious one. [I]t's Mel Gibson on a bloody pulpit preaching to the converted.
The movie's biggest sin lies not in where it chooses to cast blame, but in its bungled attempt at manufacturing what I suppose you'd have to call an epiphany of excess.
'Is Mel Gibson "wacko?" ... You'd have to be wacked out of your mind to cultivate the desire to create the most realistic depiction of the crucifixion in the history of cinema.'
From a technical standpoint, the film is impressive. From a narrative or message-bringing standpoint, it left me wanting. And the violence....
Gibson has basically taken the greatest story ever told and turned it into a snuff film ... It's Kill Bill for the churchgoing crowd.
In a world that has lost grasp of the real values in life, The Passion of the Christ is a timely piece that makes you reflect on the true worth of faith and love.
As a film it is nothing but a long third act with no story and, most importantly, NO character development for anyone other than Pilate.
Gibson's obsession with the pain and suffering of Jesus, sublime and terrible, does not transubstantiate into spirituality; rather, the brutality of his film at first repels, then numbs, and finally titillates.
This is one man's vision of that time and as a movie... it's pretty damn good!
If Gibson's central wish was for people to discuss Jesus, mission accomplished. If you can manage to disregard the hype, you'll witness a wonderfully made film.
a film about the last hours of Christ that is both reverent, but also frighteningly realistic and frequently daring
A story of betrayal and vindictiveness leading to a mind-numbing gorefest that provokes exhaustion more than it inspires the 'tolerance, love and forgiveness' which is one of Gibson's stated aims.
It's too turgid to awe the nonbelievers, too zealous to inspire and often too silly to take seriously.
This is a powerful film.
Until things get splatter-film bloody and Christ starts looking like a Jackson Pollock painting with exposed ribs, The Passion seems inspired less by the Holy Trinity than by Gibson's other favorite trio, the Three Stooges.
If Gibson's use of blood and violence makes his audience squirm in their seats and allows the audience to question his film - then he's done his job as a filmmaker...
This isn't a movie: it's a theme-park ride for Jesus freaks. SEE the hunks of flesh ripped from Jesus' side! EXPERIENCE the stations of the cross like never before!
'The Passion of the Christ' invigorates because Gibson's artistic choices have serious theological implications.
Gibson has too much belligerence in him to capture the Prince of Peace at His and our most glorious moment.
I expected to leave my viewing of the film feeling battered and bruised, but instead I felt very peaceful. Seeing the strength required for forgiveness uplifted me.
For moviegoers who don't share Mel Gibson's religious agenda, it's nothing but an unpleasant experience.
The Passion is a beautiful film, but an empty one.
Powerful and heart-wrenching, gorgeous to look at, and fascinating to contemplate. All issues of religion aside, those components generally result in a film worth seeing.
It is a film worth seeing and talking about, for better or worse. It gets some things very right, but the violence threatens to overshadow the message.
It's tough not to describe without using the word "powerful." For pure cinematic artistry it's a masterpiece showing man's inhumanity to man, or in this case, the Son of Man
The Passion of the Christ is painstakingly true to its source material, neither editorializing nor embellishing upon what is taught each week in thousands upon thousands of churches across the globe.
Puts us in a situation where we can't help but feel Jesus's pain. If only Gibson had taken the time to tell more of us why it mattered.
Watching this is a shocking, grim, harrowing experience. Audiences should leave in the spirit of exaltation; instead, they're simply exhausted.
Gibson ... seems determined to prove that Jesus suffered more than anyone who has ever lived, a tiresomely literal argument at best, an exercise in sadomasochistic bullying at worst.
A very dour, pedestrian picture.
Poetic filmmaking drawing on--and continuing--a long tradition of religious art.
To see The Passion of the Christ is to feel brutalized.
Whatever demons fueled Mel Gibson's longtime passion to mount this work, no redemption is to be found in the one-dimensional result.
Jesus is confronted by King Herod of Judea who appears to be a Boy George impersonator. Herod asks Jesus for a miracle: Can Cher please be born 2,000 years earlier?
It's a crucifiction.
Despite Gibson's efforts to hide Caviezel's European heritage behind a prosthetic nose and darkened eyes, Jesus comes off looking like all other movie depictions-Whitewashed.
No other film in history has even attempted such a concentrated interpretation of these unimaginable events let alone do so with what I call such reverential explicitness.
an inspiring film, no matter what your faith.
Unrelentingly anti-Semitic, excessively grotesque and overly narrow in its scope
How you react to it depends mostly on what you take in with you.
Emerging from the Job-like endurance test of this film's unrelenting horror, it's impossible not to be moved by its visceral impact ...
How anyone could call Gibson's filmic account anti-Semitic is mindboggling in its confused narrow-mindedness.
Passion affords exactly the moviegoing experience Gibson intended: an appreciation of Christ's sacrifice via an explicit rendering of his suffering.
A triumphant masterpiece. Is Gibson this millennium's Saint Paul?
Mel Gibson's labor of love about the death of Jesus is incredibly labored, recasting his Crucifixion in crimson, slo-mo cliches.
Retains a real sense of power. Its message never wavers, always visible beneath the gore.
As a film -- and more importantly, as a document of faith -- it is a dismayingly simplistic, obvious, overbearing waste remarkable only for the quantities of blood it spills.
Has such anti-Semitic possibilities and no upside for anyone but believers in Mel's vision that the execution of Christ is more important than his life.
... a powerful presentation.
A high-art snuff film...an unhealthy, inhuman, pornographic, masochistic torture mechanism.
Amid the controversy and accusations of excessive violence that surrounds Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ lies a good movie.
As a religious experience, The Passion of the Christ makes a damn fine movie.
After all the debate about this film...what Gibson has delivered is his own passionate vision.
A big, bold, nightmarishly beautiful film not just about the dawn of the Christian faith, but about the awful tendency of human communities (wherever and whenever in the world they may exist) toward self-preservation, intolerance and mob rule.
A two-hour bloodbath.
This is a movie so singular, so intense, so overwhelming that it simply has to be experienced.
Emotional, violent, extreme and very gory, Mel Gibson's controversial The Passion of the Christ is a difficult and grotesque experience for most viewers.
Does one really have to so debase Christ's story in order to make it relevant to today's audiences?
Jesus stumbles under the weight of the cross so many times, you begin to swear the editors are recycling the same footage over and over again.
It will spare you no mercy.
...up there with the greatest films of the genre, [although] the director's approach may be somewhat excessive in terms of violence.
The overriding virtue...is the film's conviction in its own material.
I can't bring myself to condemn this film... [Gibson] made the film he was inspired to make, which included writing, directing, producing, financing and marketing [it] himself
It's not the second coming of Christ, but it's a finely crafted piece of work that should not be missed.
One cannot rely on any critic for this film because a biased opinion lies behind every review.
Viscerally powerful, but if this were a horror film instead of an 'edifying' religious drama, it would have been sent back for cuts or had an NC-17 slapped on it.
Religion is always a delicate and personal issue, but great filmmaking is great filmmaking, period.
the cinematic equivalent of a Rorschach inkblot: You will probably see in it whatever you choose to see in it.
A film of artistic ambition and devotion.
Gibson makes many of the key scenes work.
Does have its share of very powerful moments, and it boasts some strong performances. Whether audience members will be able to concentrate on them amid the ultra-realistic and excruciating violence, however, is questionable.
There are scenes in The Passion that will remain forever with those who see it.
A filmed bloodletting like no other on record, essentially a terribly graphic two-hour torture sequence.
Even though it is relentlessly intense, at times even deeply moving, The Passion ultimately leaves you numb.
Gibson has succeeded in making the definitive look at the final 12 hours in the life of Jesus, with a movie that is gut-wrenching in both its violence and inhumanity.
Controversy aside, The Passion is ultimately a movie -- and a masterful one at that, obviously the work of an extremely talented filmmaker.
It's just bad storytelling.
The director claims he had no intention of making an anti-Semitic film and we tend to believe him, in much the same way we believe Larry Flynt when he says he's not misogynist.
Will rightfully be considered a landmark achievement not only for the passionate responses it is causing but because Gibson was able to give one of the oldest and best-known stories in literature such contemporary resonance and power.
One thing is certain: Gibson has delivered a film so visceral, so unwavering in his commitment, that it makes most other Jesus movies look pale and tepid.
One of the things that happens while you watch a man slowly beaten to death is that the fact of his life is reinforced. This happened, Gibson is saying.
In expressing his own blend of masochism and piety, Mel Gibson may well have created a Jesus uniquely apt for our time: bloodied, tormented, alienated and alone.
Gibson has made an extraordinary, focused movie with blinders on, showing mostly one color -- blood-red -- from the full Christian spectrum.
Bloody to the point of gruesome, moving without being inspiring.
Working with premier cinematographer Caleb Deschanel, Gibson effectively hurls us into Christ's living nightmare, creating a mesmerizing twilight zone that is creepy and utterly unforgettable.
Jesus Christ is remote, a Superman among men, and his teardrops shake the earth.
A labor of conviction that comes remarkably close to faith-based sadism.
Instead of letting his reverence broaden him, Gibson uses his action-movie expertise to reduce the Crucifixion to something kinetic, literal and merely tragic.
The extreme violence does not teach a lesson; it's an end in itself, more suited to the S&M crowd than to anyone seeking an uplifting sermon on everlasting redemption.
Gibson ultimately seems to be preaching to the choir, rejecting standard storytelling conventions such as introducing his characters, assuming his audience already knows everything he's about to tell us.
'A Biblical snuff film'
You may not believe in the events that transpire in The Passion of the Christ, but it's hard to deny the grim potency with which they've been captured.
Powerful and upsetting.
What graphic sex is to the use of the body in hardcore porno, graphic violence is to destruction of the body of Christ in this Passion.
Never dull -- no mean feat, given that it spends two hours telling a story whose end is widely known -- and features performances that range from coarsely effective to phenomenal.
May have succeeded in exploiting Jesus's death for its most highly pitched emotion and drama. But in the process, for many believers, it may have served only to trivialize and further obscure the story's most central and sacred mysteries.
As it plays out, the brutality brings about more numbing revulsion than the revelatory empathy that Mel Gibson intends.
Gibson places his faith in Christ's suffering, and is determined to make the moviegoer suffer in Jesus' name as well.
Gibson has made a movie for nobody, really, but Gibson.
Diminishing returns set in after the first series of beating, but the film is a stunner, a must-see whatever your beliefs.
Blood-soaked pop theology for a doom-laden time, its effect that of a gripping yet reductive paradox: It lifts us downward.
Overall, it's just another movie, and it can be dismissed with the same short critique we so often apply to other movies: The book was better.
By turning the Greatest Story Ever Told into the Goriest Story Ever Told, director Mel Gibson breaks the filmmaking commandment Thou Shall Not Overkill.
In the Gospel According to Mel Gibson, blood doesn't lie. It's the only truth that exists. Which means the agony is the ecstacy in The Passion of the Christ.
It definitely makes the viewer suffer--but it's debatable if by itself that's a truly enlightening contribution to one's understanding of Christ's message.
If this were any other film and any other subject, The Passion would have been slapped with an NC-17 rating faster than you can say "Council of Nicaea."
[A] stunning film, sometimes remarkably moving - at times sublimely beautiful, often sickeningly brutal, but never banal, nor specifically blameful.
As a movie, it feels incomplete - yes, it's incredibly intense and powerful, but I wanted to see a little more about the compassionate man and a little less bloodshed.
Lost in a labyrinth of stomach-churning pugilism, the spectacle is a hefty cross for audiences to bear.
As a work of cinema, The Passion of the Christ possesses a majestic beauty within its horror, one that comes most effectively through a tiny, solitary teardrop.
Bears the same relation to other biblical epics as a charnel house does to your local deli.
Although it's very good at showing Jesus' suffering, the movie treats him as a prop
So obsessively and so graphically bloody-minded that it comes perilously close to the pornography of violence.
A very specific film made for a very specific audience.
One of the most overpowering experiences I've ever had in a movie theater, the film is a brutal, blood-soaked plea for compassion and forgiveness in the face of monstrosity.
it's a brutally beautiful (or would that be beautifully brutal?), unnerving, and frustrating film that will undoubtedly offer up more questions than answers.
The Passion of the Christ is a rare thing indeed, then: a work of art that succeeds as a film, as a message, and, yes, as a labor of love.
The most compelling message of this unflinching, powerful, and haunting movie is that in Jesus' name we are obligated to extend our compassion to victims everywhere.
This is a good film, well-made, well-told and it is clearly a personal triumph for Mel Gibson.
The Passion of the Christ is a tremendous FILM and if you look at it through those eyes you may believe that too.
If what you are looking for is an overwrought, hyper-violent reenactment of Jesus' final hours, that is what you will get here, and no more.
I kept thinking: WHen is this going to be over? This is not an easy movie to watch.
The Passion of the Christ, while not a perfect film, will touch many emotions in those who see it. Some people may be offended, while others may be inspired.
Irrespective of your religious beliefs, Mel Gibson's brutal depiction of the most renowned story of sacrifice and love is distressing to the very core.
The Passion of the Christ plays like a blend of a political-theology lesson and a snuff film.
The bottom line is that The Passion of the Christ is an astonishing cinematic achievement, utterly riveting from start to finish.
Despite controversies swirling around the movie, one cannot deny that Gibson has made a stunning film, beautifully photographed in contrasting dark and golden hues by Caleb Deschanel.
Watching it is an act of self-flagellation.
This is a two-hour-and- six-minute snuff movie -- The Jesus Chainsaw Massacre -- that thinks it's an act of faith.
Strangely remote and uninvolving on both emotional and spiritual levels.
A gripping, powerful motion picture -- arguably the most forceful depiction of Jesus' death ever to be committed to film.
This work of obvious devotion may well be the first spiritual splatter film. It makes Gladiator and Braveheart -- even Friday the 13th -- seem mild by comparison.
Regardless of how you feel about the movie's message, you're certain to leave the movie feeling something about the movie itself.
A dramatically powerful statement.
Controversy over whether it will inflame anti-Semitism guarantees huge audiences, and many people may be profoundly moved. But as a film it is quite bad.
Controversy aside, it is dramatically intense, skillfully constructed and often harrowing, in ways that should have an impact on people of any or no particular faith.
The Passion of the Christ is at once a well-crafted film, a merciless excursion into motion-picture ultraviolence, and a regrettably cramped historical account that stays doggedly on the surface of its overwhelmingly important subject.
It leaves one with the impression of a human race so violent it justifies all the fears critics have expressed about potential modern-day reactions to the film.
In terms of films based upon outlandish stories, I'm way more worried about how Alfonso Cuarón is going to handle the next Harry Potter movie.
The Passion of the Christ is so relentlessly focused on the savagery of Jesus' final hours that this film seems to arise less from love than from wrath, and to succeed more in assaulting the spirit than in uplifting it.
The ultimate contradiction ... is that a film about the Prince of Peace is violent enough to earn an R rating.
Less reverential than razzle-dazzlin', more an episode in the history of show business than a religious epiphany.
...captivating and provocative in its exquisite spirit. The Passion of the Christ is an ambitious and visceral undertaking that demands acceptance.
Shockingly violent, chock full of scenes drenched in blood, this movie earns its R rating many times over.
A powerful, wrenching experience that makes all previous films on the subject, from The King of Kings (1927) to Jesus Christ Superstar (1973), look like Sunday School pageants, and it's not for the squeamish or the immature.
Preaching to the choir and doing so in shorthand.
As a true reading of the Gospels -- the director's much-vaunted aim -- the film falls abruptly short.
The Passion doesn't suffer from the airless, pious airs that drag down most biblical dramas: It has a muscular, pounding energy and lyrical, almost gothic beauty.
If you come seeking theological subtlety, let alone such modern inventions as psychological depth, you'll walk away battered and empty-handed.
Intense.
It's as if Gibson is measuring God's love by the amount of blood he shows on the screen.
The movie is a compendium of tortures that would horrify the regulars at an S&M club.
The buzz is that this film is a life changing experience, and is anti-Semitic. I disagree on both counts. It is however, a powerful and effective illustration of John 3:16.
If Jesus actually received the amount of punishment dished out in this film, he would have been dead three times over before arriving at Calvary.
Impressive filmmaking -- but it takes a lot of wincing to watch Mel Gibson's version of this powerful story.
Saturated with vengeance, betrayal, and melodrama, Mel Gibson's sadistic take on Jesus' final twelve hours screams bloody murder.
Mel Gibson's personal vision of the persecution and death of Christ is relentless, brutal... and brilliant.
I was moved by the depth of feeling, by the skill of the actors and technicians, by their desire to see this project through no matter what.
An unquestionable work of conviction that should outlast the controversy and trigger constructive dialogue for years to come.
Mel Gibson's Passion, though well-acted, technically impressive and initially moving, is for the most part not beautiful and certainly not ennobling.
An impressive, ultra-violent -- and deeply troubling -- take on Jesus' final hours.
A film so narrowly focused as to be inaccessible for all but the devout.
In the end, one can respect Gibson's high intentions and dedicated work, while remaining spiritually and dramatically unmoved by the result.
With a pervasive NC-17 level of gore, its simplistic and relentlessly pedantic but effective with its single theme that Christ suffered. But where is its spirituality?
Serves as a powerful condemnation of any organized religion that aspires to governance or allow clerics to preach contempt and whip sheepish followers into a frenzy.
Mel Gibson shows once again that he's skilled at depicting violence. But you'd be hard pressed to find evidence of 'tolerance, love and forgiveness' that the producer-director-co-writer insists he's trying to communicate.
The basic message of Christianity -- love your brother -- is obscured under torrents of blood to the point of benumbing the audience.
Gravely intense and the work of a man as deeply committed to his subject as one could hope for or, for that matter, want.
[Gibson] has made a serious, handsome, excruciating film that radiates total commitment.
The movie Gibson has made from his personal obsessions is a sickening death trip, a grimly unilluminating procession of treachery, beatings, blood, and agony.
The Passion of the Christ is powerfully moving and fanatically obtuse in equal doses.
Using ancient languages, vivid images and visceral violence, Gibson has brought new life to one of civilization's oldest narratives.
This graphic depiction of the crucifixion of Christ misses any spiritual meaning to this seismic event.
Instead of being moved by Christ's suffering, or awed by his sacrifice, I felt abused by a filmmaker intent on punishing an audience, for who knows what sins.
This is the most powerful, important and by far the most graphic interpretation of Christ's final hours ever put on film.
A preeminently important cinematic expression of faith — probably one of the most important religious films of all time.
An all-consuming force. It never lets up.
It is difficult to know who would want to see a film this violent.
There's no doubt that Jim Caviezel was put through the wringer here, and he gives a spiritual performance that's offset by the physical ordeal he had to endure during the torture scenes and the crucifixion.




@highlight

The graphic details of Jesus' torture make the movie tough to sit through and obscure whatever message it is trying to convey.