The doc doesn't go as deep as it could, but as a snapshot of a facet of hip-hop and pop culture, it's perfect, and devoid of the garish style of LaChapelle's photographs.
[F]or all its mis-steps, Rize gets by on enough jumping, pumping energy to fuel the national grid.
Dealing with life's darkness is what this type of dancing is all about.
An unusual movie whose energy lingers.
Recommended to fans, potential fans, and the curious; the main thing you can ask from a documentary is that it show you something new, and for me this one certainly did.
David LaChapelle's documentary is a spirited but less-than-insightful look at contemporary youth culture in south-central Los Angeles.
A triumph from every angle.
It's as if he forgot he was making a gritty documentary and found himself shooting a Christina Aguilera video.
not much more than an extended infomercial
Explosive Rize. Dance documentary exhilarating.
It's a well-known truth in the dance world that the body doesn't lie. As long as the characters in this film are dancing, we have little reason to doubt their sincerity. But once turned into talking heads, the dancers begin to sound like propagandists.
A vivid portrait of art rising from deprivation and social hopelessness.
Part historical document, part social commentary, part guided tour through a tough neighbourhood. It's also a super-adrenalized tribute to the transformative power of art.
LaChapelle does an admirable job avoiding a pitfall by staving off pretense. He frames an unobtrusive canvas for the performers to stroke with flailing arms and jiggling hips
Rize is full of sugar-rush adrenaline, but it also has the presence of mind to cool our enthusiasm enough to pierce through to its issues' core.
Dancers move at the speed of lightening, the camera almost unable to keep up with some of the motion, it nearly mutating into a giant spectacularly vigorous blur.
...succeeds as joyous entertainment so long as the bodies are flying, but dancers only seem to fly. What goes up usually comes down.
There is a sense of pride in these dancers. They are showing what they can do, not simply mimicking someone else.
Visually stimulating and busting with jubilance...Rize is an irresistibly endearing showcase that brims with confidence and exhilaration.
LaChapelle's powerful street-dance documentary Rize never lets us forget that its subjects are dancing in a war zone. But dance they do, in a kind of controlled frenzy, with music throbbing and limbs whirling and swaying and pulsing to the beat.
Rize does not so much report on a cultural phenomenon as package it.
Exuberant, colorful, viscerally exciting but overly flashy and sadly disorganized.
I come from the old school and prefer to dance with a partner, but you have to admire the fitness and stamina these kids must have to perform at breakneck speed.
With a running time of only 84 minutes, Rize frequently feels padded. However, there's no denying the fascination of watching these bodies in motion and the ascendency of a new, American-born art form.
Krumping isn't a fad for the amazing young people we meet in RIZE; it's a lifeline. And for LaChapelle, it's a triumphant first documentary feature.
The dancing, which at first may seem purely ridiculous, becomes an expression of their tortured souls
As captured by LaChappelle, krumping is indeed compulsively watchable. But as packaged the experience of watching it falls short of being meaningful.
[LaChapelle's] not the world's best documentarian, but he saw something that needed chronicling. So he turned his camera on the krumpers and let them do the rest. Smart choice.
Clowning and krumping are urban art and art therapy in motion.
It's a feel-good film that actually makes you feel good.
A portrait of pure positivity, and it is spectacular.
An urban portrait as stirring as it is novel.
It's an incomplete film. We don't get to know these kids well enough.
...you get the feeling LaChapelle either missed something or simply didn't want to see any possible influences from "white" pop culture. They're there.
Exhausting to watch, but impressive.
Whenever we see them, they are either dancing or talking about dancing. We don't see their everyday lives, and hence don't get a feel for who they are.
Offensive or enlightening? You tell me.
Part mosh-pit melee, part epileptic seizure, the dancing on display in David LaChapelle's Rize is furiously violent and yet strikingly beautiful.
LaChapelle reveals the captivating qualities of gritty street dancing, and his film is a touching story of hope, vitality and art rising from the bleakest conditions.
LaChapelle does offer a revealing slice of South Central life, but treads some dicey waters.
While the dance scenes are intoxicating, on-camera interviews with the participants are sobering.
Most emphatically a display of artists, as they think their way past all kinds of limits and celebrate their skills.
For the dance footage alone, Rize would be memorable, but the film's true power derives from LaChapelle's interviews with the dancers and their families.
'Trend' or fad, Rize should endure as a piece of history.
Brisk editing, a poppin' hip-hop soundtrack, and plenty of off-the-hook dancing keep the energy high.
Rize is actually a film about how art can be subverted and perverted by the same social and internal pressures that spawned it in the first place.
Rize soars on the wings of breathtaking images.
LaChapelle gives the kids a platform, but he doesn't dare probe beneath the surface.
Rize isn't a revolution. It's a fashion shoot.
...celebrates an innovative dance spectacle that's admirable both for its amazing rhythm and physical dexterity, as well as its effects on self-esteem and community fellowship
Rize is a grittier, less upbeat companion to this summer's other dance competition documentary, Mad Hot Ballroom.
It's worth seeing how some of the country's most endangered and disenchanted young people found something as simple as dancing through which to channel their rage and give themselves a chance at life.
Rize is a compelling, bittersweet hybrid of a movie, one celebrating an enormous and hitherto unsung underground talent, while suggesting that art goes only so far in solving the enormous challenges of the underprivileged life.
Tells this story simply and effectively, with an uncharacteristic restraint that prioritizes genuine sentiment over high-gloss style.
David LaChapelle's documentary is, in its happiest moments, a summer party and a hip-hop milestone.
Acrobatic and kinetic as sparking severed power lines, clowning and its offshoot dance movement krumping are unbelievably engaging movie subjects.
Rize sees LaChapelle turning into a historian-sociologist who feels excitement and wants to share it.
May look like the kind of movie geared specifically for the hip-hop crowd, but with its dazzling cinematography and heartfelt characters, it's a film for everyone from 50 Cent to Grandma Lucy.
Watching them dance at times you have to wonder how the human body can move like that and not get hurt.
The footage makes you giddy, blasting you with the visual equivalent of laughing gas.
The positive messages put forth by LaChappelle and company makes Rize the kind of film that youngsters, especially teens, should be encouraged to go see.
The movie sacrifices some storytelling for great imagery, but this doc gets most of its moves right on.
LaChapelle's biggest achievement is capturing the dancing on film and avoiding the temptation to provide a cleansed view of the participants.
At its best when it is observing, and at its worst when it is trying desperately to Explore.
The stories and personalities that do emerge are touching and intriguing.
Enthralling.
An exhilarating portrait of a groundbreaking, up-from-the-L.A.-streets strain of athleticism as performance art, Rize would make a provocative companion piece to skateboard documentary Dogtown and Z-Boys.
Visually stunning.
LaChapelle wisely avoids too much MTV-style quick-editing and camera trickery, letting the kids dazzle on the strength of their talent.
The most remarkable thing about Rize is that it is real.
Rize is uplifting without being manipulative, and if -- at 85 minutes -- it is a little longer than it needs to be, LaChapelle is clearly committed to giving these dancers every possible moment of glory.
Captures the spirit and astounding agility of its krump constituents with appreciative zeal.
Dance as an expression of the African collective unconsciousness, an expression of the anger born of oppression, and an expression of faith to overcome hardship.
LaChapelle... turns his discriminating eye on an inner-city fad that is at once almost violently spontaneous and yet steeped in ritualistic totemism...
We're just fly-on-the-wall observers to dancing that's a kind of Holy Roller-palooza.
Like its subject, Rize is a helter-skelter blast of energy, punching out in so many directions you don't know where to look first.
Masterfully shows how these musical manifestations have provided African-Americans in the war zones of South Central a path away from the guns'n'poses of self-styled gangstas.
The dance phenomenon appeals to the self-identifying needs we all want satisfied, but the doc is weighted down with far too much self promotion.
Few of the interviews get much further than recording surface boasts and assertive self-definitions; LaChapelle connects all their stories with common threads of resisting gang culture, but at the expense of flattening out each person's character.
A vibrant eruption of motion and attitude.
There's no way to take your eyes off it.
Rize is all surface, and that's the way David LaChapelle likes it.
A brilliant new documentary by David LaChapelle, ably and exuberantly demonstrates how fertile and renewing the hip-hop world is by chronicling the rise of a startling new hip-hop subculture.
Eye-popping lensing and an appreciation of social complexities combine for an entirely satisfying experience.









@highlight

The dances in Rize are electric even if the documentary doesn't go that deeply into the performers' lives.