The film goes through spells where it pleases, others where it plods.
It's like if Knocked Up was instead titled This is 35, and This is 40 were chapter two. It's just redundant.
Worth seeing but a bit of pruning wouldn't have gone amiss.
It's a little silly, sometimes too pointed, and overly long, but at its heart are perceptive observations about the challenge of long-term relationships, raising a family, and turning 40 -- some of which will ring true for many of us.
This Is 40 is intermittently funny, frequently embarrassing and, at 134 minutes, quite a bit too long.
Apatow's descent as a storyteller is continuing, and his ear for comedy isn't at its peak.
There's a shrillness that is admirable in theory but rather off-putting in practice. It's just not very funny.
If this is what 40 is like, someone needs a reality check.
You get the impression this should have been called Here Are Some Things That Judd Apatow Is Thinking About Right Now, In No Particular Order.
For Apatow to get to the point where Oscar voters start taking notice, he needs to start acting more like he's 40, not 14.
...a collection of demos, obviously inessential but interesting to the cultists.
The most satisfying example yet of why Judd Apatow's become such a formidable comedy brand in recent years.
Apatow dips a toe into mature waters, and remembers to bring along the laughs
I do not find fault with these characters as I believe they accurately reflect our so-called post-modern times and they deserve to be laughed at.
This Is 40 (40 minutes too long, that is) is getting at something, but it doesn't get there by 40 miles-not more than 40 people outside L.A. will understand it. This is not a refinement of the frat-pack comedy as much as a tombstone for a subgenre.
Watching This is 40 actually feels like aging, which isn't precisely a draw.
This is funny?
This Is 40 is in fact, within its limits, an honest, frank, often painful film about married life, bringing up children, dealing tactfully with difficult parents, getting older without necessarily getting wiser.
There are laughs, sure, with Brooks' unabashed moocher coming up with many of the film's best lines... but the overall results are distinctly patchy and at 133 minutes, the film is at least half an hour too long.
( ... ) underneath the brashness, there's a tender heart, with the children just being themselves amid adults who are still in love yet in danger of losing their way.
It is, in its quieter way, more pointlessly indulgent than The Matrix Revolutions.
This overlong comedy is so episodic that watching it is exactly like sitting through five episodes of a sitcom back-to-back. It's funny and enjoyable, with characters we enjoy watching, but they continually spiral back to where they started
There isn't enough story to float a TV sitcom; it simply consists of people bickering.
Even an off-form Apatow is better than most and this entertains.
It's a sitcom, then, with no real story or structure.
This is 40 minutes too long.
Every scene feels like an airbrushed composite of dozens of rambling takes, and 133 minutes is drainingly long for a story this sitcom-slight.
This is terrifically assured work from Judd Apatow. And most importantly, funny.
Middle-aged, middle-class and, if we're frank, a little middling and 'medium soft', the uneven This Is 40 indulges its flabby excess of subplots, but is redeemed by some genuine belly laughs.
This is 40 has plenty of funny, memorable moments to take away with you
Imagine the funny bits left out of Long Day's Journey Into Night: that's this movie.
A family drama that lacks structure and salvages only a little heart.
However irritating 'This Is 40' is at times, there's a warmth that wins you over, and an honesty about families.
The Judd-ernaut is back to make you shudder with another comedy that sometimes aims below the belt... but which survives on fair degrees of charm and hilarity, too.
A real step up for Apatow. His masterpiece? Quite possibly.
The set up and sense of humour may be familiar, but This Is 40 still manages to keep it fresh and funny.
Enjoyable and emotionally engaging comedy with a frequently funny script, a likeable cast and a pair of terrific comic performances from Leslie Mann and Paul Rudd.
This Is 40 sees Apatow mistaking his personal life as the perfect fodder for another dramedy that stretches beyond a comfortable running time.
With his fourth film as writer-director, Judd Apatow has arguably made his most personal film yet, without forgetting to make us laugh.
Apatow adopts a leisurely pace, but this is a story about middle-age after all and when characters are this much fun, you won't be watching the time go by.
Yet for every witty line or cool cameo there's a most Apatowian artificiality, especially considering he's cast his actual family members in these sometimes unflattering roles. This Is what? Some kind of cruel therapy?
This is 40 works better as light drama than comedy, with humor defusing the bombs being lobbed in the marriage.
But for everything Apatow gets right, he bungles something else.
Apatow's works often involve stand-up riffs on a subject, dropped into a movie. When stress, one of the ingredients of actual film comedy (not a late-night spot at Yuk Yuks), finally crackles along, the story of Pete and Debbie gets funnier and friskier.
I only hope that, while my body gradually deteriorates and I slowly chip away at the planet-sized boulder that is my mortgage, I can still find time to be just like Paul Rudd.
Who thought it was a good idea to take the two most irritating characters in 'Knocked Up' and devote a two-hour-and-thirteen-minute movie to them?
This squabbling, yelling and pouting goes on for about two hours and ten minutes. Think you can deal with them for that long? More importantly, think you can feel an ounce of pity for their comic pain?
This Is 40 is funny and relatable enough to help overlook its length.
Apatow seems to be offering autobiography as entertainment, but while aiming for blunt honesty, This is 40 is simply dull.
More aptly known as "This is 40 Minutes Too Long", Judd Apatow's comic attempt at a bitter-sweet comic dissertation about middle-age falls flat.
Every conversation feels like it's a minute too long. It's as if these characters are trying too hard to demonstrate their flaws and insecurities.
In trying to please everyone he satisfies no one and, far from being brave, the fleeting concerns of This Is 40 are closer to cowardly.
A sprawling but smart and generous-hearted comedy whose knockout laughs come steeped in brutal honesty.
Ha-has and emotional heft, hand in hand. And, for the most part, Apatow's approach pays dividends.
It might feel a little too familiar, and even self-indulgent, as in a rehashing of jokes and scenarios that were funnier the first time around.
A tour de force of tastelessness wrestling with profoundly serious issues it cannot hope to contain
This is Apatow's forte: he writes about what he knows and it smells of truth. Crass-coated, emotionally raw, highly observant and very funny
Feels even more personal than his previous works, and considering Funny People spent many minutes showing us a video of his daughter Maude's singing Memories at a high school play, that's mighty impressive.
With a little more "adult" then usually found in an Apatow "adult" comedy, the film is carried from start to finish by the cast.
Apatow's biggest strength is his ability to wrangle frank and perceptive scenes into one overarching theme and wring huge laughs out of them, and he does that in This is 40 in spades.
'This Is 40' has moments where vulgarity doesn't impede honesty and Apatow's desire to show off his children doesn't overshadow his depiction of a contemporary family. But these moments are separated by acres of guff.
Leslie Mann deserves an Oscar nomination for her hilarious performance.
Apatow can't relinquish his love of random animal comedy enough to let his dramatic sensibilities really take hold, and as a result the film is torn, trading laughs for winces and vice-versa in a way that feels conflicted, rather than organic
Not up to some of Judd Apatow's earlier hits, but still has some amusing moments blended in with the crude humor and whiny characters.
My suspicion is that Apatow made a conscious decision to throw episodes at us scattershot to reflect the battlefield chaos of a relationship in motion.
This is 40 is his [Apatow's] graduation, leaving him totally exposed - and you're at your funniest when your pants are down.
A mismanaged mess that feels less a panoramic study of modern adult- and familyhood and more like a series of tasked self-reflections for which its creator doesn't have the stomach.
A typically erratic Judd Apatow feature...
"Hey, remember that annoying couple in that Judd Apatow movie about the loser who got the hot chick pregnant? No? Well, we made a movie about them anyway."
There is a profound tone deafness to This is 40, yet another overly long, overly whiney and overly crude exploration of Apatow's bloated ego...
Well-acted and well-made, but way too long and not particularly funny
Apatow's spot-on look at modern relationships will ring true with anyone who's been married.
The film earns its stripes as a raunchy, R-rated comedy even before the main title appears onscreen.
Many moviegoers will identify with the couple's marital woes, but they may object to the notion that the affluent Pete and Debbi deserve sympathy for their money problems; in this aspect, the film is as blinkered as the Romney campaign.
Frequently great when it involves Rudd and Mann tossing barbs at each other... and just plain leaden whenever it's doing anything else.
With a tighter control of his material, Judd Apatow might have made the wry, observant comedy he no doubt has in him.
What we have is a man (Apatow) who appears, through his cynical story...to be facing a mid-life crisis of his own.
At least when filmmakers used to indulge themselves, the results would be on the order of Fellini's 8-1/2 or Lucas' American Graffiti. These days, celluloid navel-gazing is more likely to be met with audience eye-rolling and shoulder-shrugging.
Judd Apatow mines recognizable thematic territory -- after all, we've all had to grapple with that big birthday and what it represents -- and he does so with vivid immediacy.
Dull jokes, a bloated running time and a lack of proper pacing is somewhat remedied by a charmingly honest representation of a dysfunctional family.
Even though Apatow still throws in F bombs and childish scenes that would have been better left out, like several of Rudd sitting on the toilet, these do not destroy what is a funny, highly entertaining film.
The most horrible marriage of two horrible people raising two horrible children. If my family would act like the people in this movie, I'd sell them all into white slavery.
Apparently Apatow's penchant for if-it's-not-broke filmmaking isn't changing anytime soon. And it's a shame, because while This is 40 has plenty of laughs, it lacks decency and heart.
This is Fox's best role yet. Just as this painfully long comedy is Apatow's funniest film in years.
The performers are so likable that you stay with them even when, as is often the case, the material is hit-or-miss.
Apatow has clearly put a lot of his own heart, mind, (family) and screen time into examining this specific area of life - which is both a gift and a curse for the movie.
The movie that's meant to be [Apatow's] most personal turns out to be his most dully generic.
But by making all these movies at the same time, Apatow has diluted his product to the point that "This Is 40" is mostly tedious and unfunny.
In his next movie, maybe writer-director Judd Apatow will integrate comedy and drama more smoothly or, at least, cushion the ride enough to prevent whiplash.
With this film, Apatow has gone beyond vulgar humor to explore the nature of love, marriage, parenthood and family relationships in some depth, while still keeping the humor.
Once again, the insightful Judd Apatow has put his finger on Generation X. Sadly, the result is not encouraging.
It's great that Apatow isn't afraid to dig deep to mine the uglier sides of matrimony, but his unusual personal connection to the material and the cast...is somewhat off-putting.
Edgy midlife comedy has realistic relationship, thin plot.
This is laboured. This is aimless. This Is 40. It's really quite a grind.
Judd Apatow is not a disciplined artist. And that's a good thing.
Surely Judd Apatow's most self-serving, egocentric, and unpleasant comedies of his career...
Gets old fast.
"This Is 40" tends to be about the self-inflicted problems of spoiled upper-middle class white people. Which can be sort of funny, sure. Sort of.
No one could be as whiny, spoiled, tasteless, combative and reliant on annoying stand-up comedy riffs as the entire cast of this film, the most disappointing one of the year.
Overlong, unnecessarily sex-obsessed and downright nasty at times, "This Is 40" feels haphazard and unfinished, despite a few moments of laugh-out-loud humor.
If you enjoy scenes of people bickering, yelling and acting like spoiled brats at times, this might be right up your alley of dysfunctional family fiction. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Mostly succeeds on its own merits...[but] many comedic and musical distractions pad the 134-minute running time and stray from the implicit promise of that title: the film has little to say about middle age...
Takes the universal milestone of turning a certain age and narrows it down through specific observations that only speak to affluent, SoCal suburbanites who own their own companies, have a foothold in the entertainment industry and fart in bed.
The movie lacks any kind of structure to justify its existence.
There's a high degree of insularity to the world Apatow presents onscreen.
"This is 40" is fun at times, but in the end is another Apatow flop.
Another self-indulgent Apatow wank-off...Apatow has yet to make a movie that wouldn't be improved by taking out at least 20 minutes.
An utter failure, This is 40 exposes the inherent weaknesses to the Apatow approach to filmmaking. Even funny people can make an unfunny comedy.
...a collection of overgrown children who don't have a clue what it means to be a responsible adult. This isn't 40. Indeed, this is barely human.
[A] contrived and sometimes callous look at two people we'd rather not see again.
This is an overindulgent, bloated, sloppy, slapdash comedy featuring a bunch of jerks, that was in desperate need of a tight script. It should've been called IMPROVISATION: THE MOVIE.
Comedic moments are plentiful, but most are not the laugh-out-loud kind; they are more the smile or nod of self-recognition that longtime married couples will appreciate.
At times "This is 40" is brutally funny and brutally honest. Just as often, it's painfully shrill and unpleasant.
Asks us to care about the concerns of people who obsess about the most superficial and selfish problems, with no sense at all of how shallow and unappealing they are.
The film has as much to say about family dynamics as a couple's wavering love.
The real problem with "This Is 40" is its lack of truth, that Apatow wanted to express something about married life, and it eluded him.
Comedy producing/writing/directing juggernaut Judd Apatow shares his midlife crisis with Paul Rudd as his standin ...and the irony may be that the film represents a midlife career crisis for the Apatow brand.
Only fitfully amusing and overall rather irritatingly self-absorbed...doesn't represent much of an advance in Apatow's fundamentally adolescent attitudes.
There are moments of perception and sweetness, as per usual with Apatow movies. It's just too bad the movie's trajectory is formless and jokes built around petty marital resentments sometimes fall flat.
It's not so much a movie as a loose collection of mostly funny conversations; and maybe, for the holidays, laughter is almost gift enough.
With This Is 40, Apatow turns his audience into fitfully chuckling therapists, dealing with a raft of problems that aren't entirely sorted out.
If Apatow had any deeper message, it ends up getting drowned in this mess, but that's bound to happen when you try to take a premise that might barely support 80 minutes and stretch it well past its breaking point.
The bawdy wit and crisp dialogue that were the hallmark of Apatow's Knocked Up are still present, but the conflicts feel so cushy that one gets the impression that the filmmaker is losing touch with life as it is lived outside of Brentwood.
There's a funny movie scratching at the edges of "This is 40."
"This Is 40" is a bull's-eye zeitgeist comedy, a movie in which everyone acts like real people but funnier.
This Is Unbearable.
"This Is 40" is the equivalent of a vanity license plate.
After the iffy "Funny People," this is definitely a step in the right direction for Judd Apatow.
This is forgettable.
This Is 40 is messy. But see it for its honest insights, its laughs, and for the terror Mann's character, as a mom defending her emotionally wounded daughter, rains down on a toothy school kid who's been sending unflattering texts.
There are a lot of loose ends and a few forced conclusions. But, then again, the acceptance of imperfection is Mr. Apatow's theme, so a degree of sloppiness is to be expected. That's life.
This is too much like a $35-million smart phone filled with kids' pictures.
What lingers are the stormy tête-à-têtes between Rudd and Mann -- a couple with whom we'd gladly celebrate the big 4-0.
I hate to say it, but if Judd Apatow wants to be a seriously funny filmmaker, he may have to leave home.
Those tensions and the way the couple talk about them -- both comically and seriously -- give the movie its heart, but Apatow is easily distracted by the desire to cram in more jokes.
I'm at a loss to empathize with the middle-aged plight of Pete (Paul Rudd) and Debbie (Leslie Mann).
Rudd gives a terrific performance as the increasingly put-upon hero, showing different facets of himself to his wife, his moochy father, his co-workers and the other people he encounters.
There are few laugh-out-loud scenes. Yet maybe that's the point. That life isn't about the grand gesture but the little day-to-day details that keep us grounded and human.
We aren't used to comedies that make us squirm like this. That doesn't mean they aren't worth our time. This Is 40 is.
Gradually you come to realize you're trapped watching a bunch of people you don't like who stopped being funny a while ago.
It delivers the most laughs of any comedy this year.
Strong work from Leslie Mann and Albert Brooks rescue the project from complete disaster but the largely-unfunny and almost entirely disingenuous script mark this as the talented Apatow's most notable misfire.
Swings between ambitious and facile, enormously likable and sour to taste.
After copping out in "Funny People," Apatow still hasn't set the table for a meaty drama, but making us laugh is a piece of cake.
"This Is 40" turns out to be an opportunity squandered.
Apatow does a good job of charting the uncertain waters of marriage - the tears, the arguments, the moments of clandestine sex interrupted by children, and the love and affection that are often masked by more immediate frustrations.
Whatever superficial distractions may be endemic to Judd Apatow's latest film, its greater successes outweigh them. You will laugh. You will most certainly laugh.
Trimmed down and focused on its core, this would be another notch in Apatow's belt; as it is, "This Is 40" is about 40 minutes too long.
Yes, Apatow's film has its peaks and valleys -- just the way life does - but it stands as a satisfying comedic riff on life and all of its absurdities.
This is 40 is crude and dull, with a supporting cast that reminds you how utterly uninteresting the main characters are.
As the movie goes on, the laughs are fewer and farther between, and for the last 30 minutes, not only did I not laugh, I wanted it to end so I could get back to my own boring but less precious life.
The movie frequently shifts from comic to dramatic and back again, true to Apatow's whiplash style but also true to life.
More like "This Is Whiny."
It's 134 minutes long, and substitutes loosely related situations for plot. But a few broadly comic moments aside, This Is 40 also captures the rhythms and concerns of real life in ways that slicker Hollywood comedies don't.
Stupid freaking Judd Apatow, with his stupid freaking foul-mouthed and sentimental "Hobbit"-length comedies, his stupid freaking insistence on not only peopling them with his old comic cronies, but his wife and cursing kids.
This Is 40 exhibits none of the pacing problems that held back Apatow's previous features, and builds to its simple, moving conclusion with extraordinary precision and clarity.
Mixing topicality and improv, Apatow rescued big-screen comedy from its lengthy wallow in the trough of dumb-and-dumber -- we have good reason to thank the guy. Until now.
Apatow's view on family is like his movie: Love and punch lines abound, and if it all goes off the rails sometimes, everyone's ultimately better off for the slightly bumpy, very funny ride.
It's impressive how lifelike "This Is 40" can be, putting us into the headspace of a married couple beset by tension and frustration on all sides.
It's the feel-bad comedy of the holiday season - and that's what makes it good.
The characters' arc is ultimately sweet and self-aware.
Judd Apatow plunges the stage of life for all its ample misery, just the way he did adolescence in Freaks and Geeks and quarterlife angst in Undeclared and Knocked Up.
The results are uproarious and keenly observed, continuing Apatow's satisfying quest to inspect itchy human behavior with a pronounced silly streak.
'This Is 40' isn't without flaws, it moves along nicely, and while it doesn't boast ... it does manage to be very consistently funny in a way that makes dramatic sense.
It's great whenever Rudd and Mann are together and when they're not, things get dicey.
The Judd Apatow comedy formula might be wearing a little thin, but he still delivers more laughs than most of his competition.
Wise, hilarious ... a tremendous document of two tired, monogamous people and their search to recapture optimism among the exhaustion.
Like most of Apatow's movies, it's a half-hour too long and filled with too many side characters. Also like most of his movies, it's often very funny.
...an irate rant masquerading as a cute family project.
If the goal of Apatow was to make a film that in itself was a metaphor for a 40-year-old person having a failed mid-life crises than he succeeded, if it was to actually make a good movie about being 40 than he failed.
... Humor that flows naturally from the characters and where they are in their lives instead of relying on punchlines and pratfalls ...
Foul-mouthed and forced, it seems that Lifestyles of the Rich, Ribald and Rowdy has morphed into Lifestyles of the Selfish, Spoiled and Stressed.
Teetering between tepidly humorous and totally unfunny, Judd Apatow's crazy long crudefest plays like bits and pieces of a stand-up routine that would get a comedian booed off the stage.
For those coming up on the big 4-0, relax: the events in this movie only happen at 40 if you've spent the previous few years making terrible, terrible decisions involving your money and your partner.
A vanity project of the most thankless order.
An endurance test of mistrust, stress and simmering bitterness, layered by the type of crass humour that is unbecoming of Apatow's age.
Much like marriage, This Is 40 is somewhat formless, and it almost never hurries up. But life is improved by having the option.
Judd Apatow makes comedies that count. This Is 40 doesn't build to a catharsis. Yet Pete and Debbie's sparring yields some of Apatow's most personal observations yet.
Apatow's film comes across as overstuffed and understructured, a collection of elements that hasn't really been assembled into a story and could do with the backbone.
Judd Apatow's first stint in the director's chair since 2009's under-appreciated Funny People isn't quite the classic middle-class American comedy/drama he might have made, but it's as close as Hollywood has gotten in a long time.
Here is all the plenitude and warmth and the triviality and sadness of Los Angeles life.
A tedious, unpleasant experience that meanders on its way to a trite, pat conclusion.
'This Is 40' takes a risk on free form storytelling, falling short with parts that are greater than the whole.
Apatow's fourth directorial effort is sharply uneven, overextending its welcome by half an hour and suffering from a charmless performance by its leading lady.
A deadly combination of bloated, stagnant, self-indulgent and self-pitying - all of which might be forgivable, if it weren't also so embarrassingly unfunny.
It certainly suffers from the staleness of its off-the-cuff, improv-inspired mode of comedy, which prizes free-form riffing over organically constructed comedic scenarios.
A midlife crisis comedy marking the milestone with a tribute to immaturity!
As funny as a hemorrhoid.
The cast gets an A+, even if their material just sneaks by with a passing grade.
This Is 40 isn't always hilarious, but it's ticklishly honest and droll about all the things being a parent can do to a relationship. And why it's still worth it.
Judd Apatow goes for broke in this supposed follow up to his hit romantic comedy, Knocked Up. You've got to admire his zeal, even if the results are pretty uneven.
As [Apatow's] title implies, he could have taken a deeper plunge into the main task of middle age: revision.
A frolicsome, funny, and thought-provoking film about a couple's midlife crises and how it affects their marriage, their family life, and their sense of themselves.
Overall this film did make me laugh and briefly contemplate my future, I only wish it could have maintained it's focus on sweetness and humor the rest of the time.
This is 40......minutes too long.
Replete with Apatow's signature comedy.
Apatow gives us a couple who know less about each other than I do about my middle school friends on Facebook
Over the course of its 134 minutes, Judd Apatow's "This is 40" maintains the false confidence that its subject matter holds great meaning for countless people who have endured rituals associated with aging family life.
An acutely perceptive, emotionally generous laffer about the joys and frustrations of marriage and middle age.
Even with all its ups and downs, there are more than enough bawdy laughs and truthful emotional moments to put this over as a mainstream audience pleaser during a holiday season short on good comedies.
From a bang-for-buck perspective "This is 40" gives up big dividends in laughs. Not every joke or comic situation squeezes out a spark, but more often than not they do.
Apatow's got a gift for writing every character in the film deeper than expected, and his supporting cast really gets a chance to shine.
A giant leap for Apatow-kind.
A pure, maximalist representation of a gifted artist simultaneously at the top of his game and looking to expand the form.
A sparkling romantic comedy brimming with razor-sharp wit and genuine poignancy. It's funnier and wiser than Knocked Up, Funny People and The 40 Year Old Virgin combined.
Funny and sweet. Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann are terrific.
Underneath waves of jocularity and vulgarity lies this sentimental undertow: we may not be as witty as Apatow's characters but their lives are not too dissimilar from our own.
This relentlessly hilarious and quietly moving riff on middle-aged growing pains stands as a rare spin-off that outdoes the material it spawned from, and is Judd Apatow's best feature to date.








@highlight

Judd Apatow definitely delivers funny and perceptive scenes in This is 40 , even if they are buried in aimless self-indulgence.