Ixcanul eludes the kind of drama that ceremoniously, if all too inevitably, attends the bucolic strands of narrative suggested by Bustamante's chosen milieu, instead opting for a more earthy but no less exigent denouement.
Beautifully shot with local residents represented in the cast, the story gains momentum and tragic dimensions as it progresses.
Director Jayro Bustamante erupts onto the scene and brings forth the Guatemalan film Ixcanul (from the Mayan word for volcano), which he delivers with graceful intimacy and a quiet force that builds and builds.
The feature debut of Guatemalan filmmaker Jayro Bustamante is a beautiful and unsentimental portrait of traditional Mayan culture where peasants live in huts without electricity or running water ...
Ixcanul is a mesmerizing, intimate and meditative coming-of- age tale that explores a culture rarely seen in films. [Full review in Japanese]
An age-old story is played out among the cinders.
Bustamante never lets the story mechanics overwhelm the basic minute-to-minute reality of his subjects, resulting in a film that's earthy and unsentimental and riveting throughout.
There's nothing glaringly wrong with Ixcanul, it's just hard to get whipped up for stoicism.
The end ultimately justifies the means; whether viewers will want to stick it out is another thing.
The ideal village-picture fable, as fascinating for its innate mythology as for its ethnography.
While storytelling speed seems unbearable in the opening scenes, a rhythm emerges that identifies thrilling directorial control and an appreciation for the brutality of love and trust.
Ixcanul is a moving portrait of a clash of cultures we North Americans may never experience firsthand.
As an indictment of how people of privilege continue to exploit and abuse life's have-nots, the movie is devastating.
Like its titular Guatemalan volcano, Jayro Bustamante's hypnotic film debut Ixcanul bubbles with the tension of a teenage girl at odds with her family's native customs, before erupting into a frantic and quietly devastating third act.
Whether we're closely gazing at Maria or watching her stride along the ashy volcano's side from a distance, Bustamante lets images linger long enough for their beauty to fall away, giving us a compelling and tragic look at where our coffee comes from.
It all looks fascinatingly foreign to American eyes, but María's story - about rebellion and consequences, oppression and heartbreak - is anything but.
Touching on multiple feminist issues as it goes, and even venturing, gallingly, into the matter of baby trafficking, Ixcanul can suffer from predictability... But the film's rhythms, details and visuals, particularly that volcano, are vivid and unique.
You can sense the director's respect for his subject in the movie's unhurried dramatic rhythms, its grounding in the earthy rituals of everyday life and its strong cast of nonprofessional Maya actors.
"Ixcanul" provides a window into a culture that we rarely see. But it's not just an anthropological study - it has a powerful story to tell, too.
A mesmerizing, understated tragedy.
More than a fable about the clash of tradition and modernity, "Ixcanul" is finally a painful illustration of the ease with which those who have can prey on those who don't.
All in all, this is an impressive debut, the complete absence of lava and ash clouds notwithstanding.
A work of tender long-take portraiture ...
The film's structure, however stifling, is filled with gorgeous imagery and nuanced symbolism.
A solid example of low-key, well-observed, humanistically sympathetic ethnography.
A transporting, hypnotically beautiful debut feature from Guatemalan director Jayro Bustamante.
Jayro Bustamante's debut Ixcanul is a profoundly humanistic inquiry into the trafficking of Mayan children in North America.
Guatemala's active Pacaya volcano is a symbol both of ancient traditions and modern threats in this absorbing, beautifully shot film about the consequences of a peasant girl's pre-marital pregnancy.
Guatemala's first-ever Oscar entry is an absorbing, beautifully-shot drama of cultural ritual and the drive of one young woman to escape a rudimentary social system.
Bustamante's well crafted film is authentically steeped in a nearly alien culture but its humanity is entirely familiar.
While I don't like to give much credence to industry awards, if there's ever a film deserving of the attention that comes with being nominated, Guatemala's first ever Academy Awards entry is it.
[F]or those drawn to cinema from diverse origins, wishing to learn more about other cultures, Ixcanul is a delicious, strong brew.

@highlight

Ixcanul opens a window into a little-seen corner of the world -- and finds universal truths about the human condition that should resonate with patient viewers.