Thrilling live musical is fun, has iffy messages galore.
If you hate musicals and hate Grease, Grease Live! sure wasn't going to change your mind all of the sudden. But for the multi-generational fanbase who admire this show, there was plenty to love about Grease Live!
If Grease Live had more moments to work with like "There Are Worse Things I Could Do," it might have been truly special - but there was only so much it could do when the musical itself didn't have anything else to give.
High school itself is the nineteen-fifties of our imagination, always easier in our memories than it was in reality. With Grease, we can pretend we still want to go back.
Even within the constrains of a live, televised event-which, let's be clear, Fox DOES know how to blow out, when it wants to-I couldn't help think that Grease: Live was just a dud.
Grease: Live opted for a more cinematic approach, connecting the dots between the live-to-tape soap operas of the 1940s and the "live music videos" you see at contemporary MTV awards shows.
The show successfully managed to combine all the nostalgic elements of Grease that everyone expected while creating a new experience.
Despite its innovative direction and talented cast, Grease: Live fell victim to its bland source material - and equally bland leads - leaving it unable to truly top other iterations of the modern TV musical.
It was a seamless, vibrant, energizing hit.
Fox raised the bar on TV musicals Sunday night with its ambitious, wildly energetic and mostly entertaining Grease: Live.
With this hectic, ambitious and hormonal Grease, Fox proved it could up the ante in the new mini-industry of musicals on TV.
An ambitious, exuberant and eye-boggling adaptation of Grease.
Thanks to exceptional work from director Thomas Kail and several sterling supporting performances, much of Grease Live! was as sweet and tasty as a root beer float.
It had all the infectiousness and emoji-big smiles you need from three hours of live musical entertainment.
This... was a show that was more about individual moments than about building a story.
Regardless of its flaws, Grease is a reason to look forward to the next round of live musicals on TV.
The show wasn't perfect, but it was great fun with touches of film nostalgia and musical theater earnestness.
The three-hour production (almost a third of it, seemingly, commercials) was filled with marvelous moments like this: theatrical reveals, cinematic dissolves, television tempos.
The ambitious $16 million production of the Rydell High School musical was as impressive as it was fun.
After this production, every high school in America is going to want to take a shot at staging this. Grease is the word.
Grease: Live reconfirms all the possibilities of the live musical event as a genuine transcendent pop experience: Clever, funny, rapturously huge in a way showbiz used to only want to be.
What a triumph. After three years of watching NBC do summer stock on national television, Fox swooped in and stole the live musical format right out from underneath them.
Grease Live! raised the bar for choreography - which, given Hough's experience, shouldn't be surprising.
It wasn't perfect -- what stage show is? -- but it came off like, ahem, Greased Lightning.
As far as overall theatrical-to-TV events go though, Grease Live was a big old win in every possible column.
Some technical glitches in such an ambitious production are inevitable... But those were small problems in a production that was otherwise incredibly impressive visually - and one that sprang to life at the end.
Director Kail, his crew, and the cast gave audiences an incredible new take on Grease that lives up to the original but also stands on its own.
It took less than five minutes into Fox's Grease: Live for director Thomas Kail to throw down the gauntlet, kick it out the door and slam the door shut on just about any future live musicals when it comes to sheer technical dexterity.
Grease: Live was a success -- with its game cast, classic songs, seamless transitions, moving camera, quick changes and, above all else, energy.
Unlike NBC's previous stage-bound live musicals, Fox's Grease: Live was a 360 degree event that blended theatricality and filmmaking in ways never seen onscreen before.
Fox's impressive and ambitious staging Sunday night of Grease: Live was a lesson in what a televised musical ought to look like in the 21st century: able to keep all eyes on the screen rather than the Twitter feed.
If you sensed a livelier energy while watching Grease: Live last night, a sense that there was something happening that people were excited to be part of, you weren't alone. FOX's first foray into the live TV musical genre scored huge ratings.
The Hollywood rain didn't dampen the spirits of Fox's rambunctious, slickly produced Grease Live!, a happily and knowingly cheesy explosion of lovably cornball bubblegum pop.
A tightly filmed, entertaining production...

@highlight

Grease: Live took the pressure and threw away conventionality -- it belongs to yesterday. There was a chance that it could make it so far; we started believin' we can be who we are. Grease: Live is the word.