An elegant, melancholy movie about storytelling, science vs. religion, family, life, and death.
It became tedious when focusing on his [Darwin's] brittle emotions, often in a non-linear and random sort of way.
Director Jon Amiel has delivered on the promise of a good script, with a film that has a pleasing sense of forward motion, characters who suffer deeply, but are attractive because of it, morally, for the way they struggle through with love and belief.
Jon Amiel's film about Charles Darwin is a poorly structured and frequently drab affair focused on Darwin's daughter Annie, with occasional bursts of energy thanks to the wildlife cinematography and bouts of Victorian bonhomie.
Best described as Finding Neverland meets A Beautiful Mind, Creation meanders in dramatic urgency at times, but never loses a total connection with its audience.
The film indulges in one little bit of overkill towards the end, so unnecessary, but overall Creation is a very fine film indeed.
Creation is an emotionally complex film that examines faith, love, grief and passion through the key events that propelled Darwin to finish one of the most important books ever written.
The chief culprits are a laboured, poorly structured script by Aussie John Collee; the hackneyed device of having Darwin interact with the ghost of his dead daughter; and Jon Amiel's heavy-handed direction.
With solid performances, this film provides an interesting alternative look at one of the most influential scientists of the modern era.
It's an intelligent and emotional film, which (judging by the struggle the filmmakers had of getting an American distributor) proves that Darwin is still making people think, more than 120 years after his death.
Like the best of breeds, Creation is somewhat of a mixed bag.
For the most part, it's a sombre and gloomy story about a dark period in Charles and Emma Darwin's lives in which the profoundly Christian Emma is in spiritual conflict with her husband over his scientific approach to the origin of species, including man
Shows that all faith, any faith, is made stronger through questioning and emotional trial.
A mess.
Disappointingly soapy drama about the domestic life of Charles Darwin (Paul Bettany). Jennifer Connelly plays his wife, Emma. A squandered opportunity.
Complex drama gives teens and adults reason to think.
A bit of a depressing slog, but thanks to the performances of its leads, it does have a satisfying ending.
Some good acting and fine cinematography are watered down in a tepid yawner that moves with the speed of natural selection, but without its irresistible sense of purpose.
A gripping personal drama surrounding the 1859 publication of the book which introduced the world-changing theory of evolution.
An intriguing portrait of a man and a time that changed everything.
Conventional script makes Darwin come to terms with the loss of his daughter
The film comes down, in a sense, to what Emma thinks after reading The Origin of Species. Of her verdict she can only say, "May God forgive us both."
[A] gentle movie... about science as a human endeavor, as noble and contradictory and sometimes as wrenching a thing as making great art or journeying to unknown lands.
I'm starting to feel sorry for Paul Bettany.
...more melodramatic than meaningful. It's a well-intentioned piece that nonetheless is a true snooze.
Jon Amiel, the film's director, tells his story with respect and some restraint, showing how sad and weakened Charles is and yet not ratcheting up his grief into unseemly melodrama.
A great moment in the history of ideas does not necessarily make for a great movie.
In the end, Creation takes a huge and potentially fascinating story and evolves it into a piddly cliche.
Bettany's sheepish performance fails to engage, and Connelly, his wife in real life, seems distant and frigid. There is no sense of romance between them. That may be accurate, but it's no fun to watch.
While the film's flashbacks and -forwards are disorienting, the performances give the film propulsion and poignancy.
The natural selection that determines box- office performance will ruthlessly expose the inherent flaws in Creation, a lugubrious Charles Darwin biopic.
It's smart, heartfelt, handsome and just mutated enough to sustain interest in a specialized subject.
... an intelligent approach as far as it goes, though it's hard not to wish that the film had been a little bolder in examining the touchy issues created by Darwin's work.
A muttenchop enthusiast's delight that's part historical drama, part hysterical drama, Creation bears no evidence of evolution in storytelling nuance.
It's a film about ideas, but it skips across the surface of those ideas, and dramatically, the film just lays there
If you're hungering for those old Ken-Russell, over-the-top biopics on the likes of Tchaikovsky (The Music Lovers) or Mahler, the ones where everyone, including the audiences, could benefit from a prescription for Paxil, hunger no longer.
It's fascinating to consider what a heavy burden Darwin must have carried as he prepared to tell the world that it wasn't, in fact, created in seven days.
Amiel commits the cardinal sin of biopics and confuses unenlightening biographical speculation with cutting insight into how a work of such complexity and sheer intelligence was created.
A film that keeps us from taking the theory of evolution for granted. Darwin paid for those words.
The film is never less than intelligent and never more than accomplished.
effective as a study of loss and inventive when conveying Darwin's complex relationship with nature
Has strong performances and exquisite cinematography, but feels too bland, maudlin and ultimately underwhelming.
Charles Darwin is such a polarizing figure that trying to make a credible portrait of him is almost impossible. I'm willing to give director Jon Amiel ('Entrapment') credit for at least trying.
More concerned with Darwin dwelling on the past instead of dealing with the future.
There's an overarching emptiness at its core that sells the subject short.
A portrait of Charles Darwin and all the tensions in his life that just manages to drag us down and wear us out.
You'd think "the biggest single idea in the history of thought" might produce a film that would reflect that importance. Instead, director Jon Amiel turns Creation into a slow moving, somewhat dour costume drama.
Its view of life is that a paradigm-shifting breakthrough, rather than being the product of either solitary genius or cultural ferment, amounts instead to a pretext and a substitute for therapy.
After a while, the movie begins to lumber, and it never quite regains its legs. It fails, in any satisfactory way, to evolve.
We need more thought-provoking films like Creation in Hollywood.
For a movie that clearly seeks to bring Darwin to life, Creation spends an awful lot of time wallowing in death.
Although the movie tenderly observes the relationship between father and daughter and has some heart-rending moments, there isn't a lot of doubt why it got made: because actors love to do crazy.
Some questions just can't be answered by science, and the quandary of why Creation is so poundingly dull is one of them.
What begins as a drama about the birth of a great notion -- with its attendant battles between the pro and con sides -- instead becomes a dreary melodrama about family grief.
Creation is a surprisingly moving and emotional film, told with historical fidelity and a welcome incongruity that makes room for both a restrained historical palate and a weird and wonderful visual verve.
Mr. Bettany is a fine and resourceful actor, but Creation is a battle he was doomed to lose.
About adaptation to circumstance, no matter how difficult. For within individuals, just as in nature, there is opportunity through loss to grow -- to evolve, if you will.
Both fascinating and emotionally affecting, a period piece without the stuffiness.
The film's attempt to depict challenging and thoughtful material is appreciated, even if the results are mixed.
Amiel has reduced a crucial moment in science to a Lifetime weepie about a workaholic who needs personal tragedy to wake him up to his wife's virtues.
After seeing the movie, a sense of insufficiency remains; we feel the need to read additional accounts to truly learn about the man who left such a huge imprint on science.
There are good performances and fleeting moments of exquisite moviemaking, but the experience as a whole is an evolutionary dead end. A dodo this is not, but rather a curiosity -- an aye-aye of a film, or a narwhal.
What begins as a multilayered tale of scientific discovery and cultural history gets reduced to a single maudlin idea: that even Charles Darwin had to evolve.
If some of our home-grown Bible thumpers had been exposed to dramas like Creation at a tender age, we might have been spared a lot of bother.
As period dramas go, Creation is quiet and modest, sparse in action and decked out with classy but unassuming costumes and sets.
No show of teeth, no hateful agenda. Creation returns Charles Darwin to his humble origins in the vessel of art-house cinema, allowing the cast and crew to interpret the man through careful thematic consideration and often compelling domestic drama
What a mundane, disappointing comedown from Amiel, maker of the wondrous The Singing Detective.
Jon Amiel's portrait of Darwin's efforts to accept and acclimate to a new reality is mucked up by all manner of directorial flim-flam.
Darwin turned the world upside down, but there was more drama seeing Greg Kinnear play the inventor of the intermittent windshield wiper in Flash of Genius.
It arrives on the 150th anniversary of the book, and the baroque direction by Jon Amiel is determined that we should live every single minute of it.
As a journey through Darwin's discoveries, Creation fails, although, given the intricacy and the patience of his working methods, it is hard to imagine how such a film might succeed.
A masterpiece of missed opportunities...a Lifetime movie about a depressed dad instead of a bereft mom. Would you pay to see that?
...good fare for discerning audiences seeking a mature and entertaining film.
Bettany conveys with poetic intensity and an excruciating anxiety, a man torn by a terrible discovered truth he can hardly bear to acknowledge as he faces public scorn and resentment at home, a kind of second coming of Adam booted out of the Garden.
Though not especially revealing about Charles Darwin the scientist, "Creation" enjoys the power of Paul Bettany doing the thing he does best, create a character.
Amiel and Collee's only misstep is affording the loss of the Darwins' eldest child, Annie, not only too much central focus but a focus that is sometimes ambiguous in what it is saying about Darwin's feelings about his child.
Darwin was a scared, weepy man obsessed with his young daughter.
A great performance by Bettany as the Darwin you've never before seen is married to an awfully slow production.
Self-conscious and flawed, it's a bleak, pedestrian melodrama insearch of a dramatic fulcrum.
Creation's power lies in its layers, in the way it makes distinctions between religion and faith, and the ways it beautifully (save for one clunky bit of overexplanation) lays out the similarities between religion and science.
The timing for a movie about Darwin is right, but Amiel has chosen to depict the life of the revolutionary thinker as a domestic melodrama.
Darwin's personal tragedies and intellectual dilemmas, coupled with his moral struggles, are rife with possibilities, but Amiel disappoints. He just can't seem to rise above the level of pedestrian drama.
Thoughtful, moving, and Bettany is brilliant. To be reminded of the power of love to redeem and repair, catch Creation.
Don't expect anything too radical from this infuriatingly soft yet still pleasantly subdued and poignant screen adaptation of Randal Keynes's book 'Annie's Box'
Flawed as it might be, Creation is still Amiel's best movie to date. Wonderfully mounted, the picture successfully dramatises key moments in Darwin's life.
Bettany himself seems hamstrung by a part that requires lots of concentrated frowns and fey swooning, and the ability to render credible a ridiculous rubber baldy cap.
This gentle, heartfelt and well-acted film about Charles Darwin and his personal agony preceding the 1859 publication of On the Origin of Species does not shy away from the issues. But it personalises them, and places them in a new context.
With so much material to draw on it feels slightly disappointing that there's no sense of awe or wonder when the credits roll.
It's a boldly small approach to a big subject and, except for Bettany's performance, it feels miscalculated.
Amiel has fashioned a quietly compelling story that brightens as a reinvigorated Darwin finds closure and the printing presses can begin rolling.
This worthy, timely portrait will no doubt figure prominently in next year's awards season. Would that it had more of the revolutionary daring of Darwin's writings.
Even atheists may smart at the family picnic where a character intones, "All of nature is a battlefield," while neat cucumber sarnies are passed about.
By focusing on the naturalist's reclusiveness, the film deprives the viewer of the visceral rush of discovery that we're conditioned to associate with Darwin.
Creation is an elephantine, but forgettable biopic.
Intelligent, touching and, just maybe, a film to grab gongs come awards season.
A well-made piece of period drama that sorely lacks any lightness or passion.
A bit more of Bettany sparkling as Darwin recounts his incredible journeys would have lifted Creation.
A sub-plot features an orang-utan; it is no exaggeration to say that she is the most moving performer on screen.
There is nothing revolutionary about Creation but it tells an absorbing true story and finds a human perspective to some extraordinary historical events.
A sad, searching piece of work about the reluctant labour of a great idea.
An elegant but modest tribute to a family man - albeit one who changed the world.
The film is beautifully shot and there are dreamy sequences that convey, better than anything I've seen or read, the fantastical, creative quality of Darwin's mind.
The filmmakers offer a fresh angle on a controversial topic. And it's an imaginative, human approach that brings it vividly to life.
108 minutes of drizzle, scarlet fever and weeping in bonnets.
Less of a traditional biopic and more of a powerful and affecting portrait of a marriage undergoing the devastating effects of grief.
...a sporadically intriguing misfire.
Creation is ultimately disappointing for the opportunity that has been missed.
The trouble is, that with Charles Darwin, a hundred films could be made that would never capture the essence of the man. Bettany comes as close as is reasonable to expect.
Darwin came up with some interesting theories about life but didn't have an interesting enough life to have made a movie about it.
Not much "happens," though the pic does its best to maintain energy in both physical presentation and mixed-chronology structure.



@highlight

This Charles Darwin biopic is curiously dispassionate, but Creation contains some of director Jon Amiel's best work, and Paul Bettany's performance is not to be missed.