Ethan Hawke is making a habit of playing flawed fathers, but his feckless dads in Boyhood and Ten Thousand Saints appear positively benign in comparison with the toxic parent he plays in [this] psychological sporting drama.
Buschel is clearly on the right track to fully embracing the limitations of conventional structures in storytelling. When he does, it could lead to a minor masterpiece, which at times The Phenom flirts with.
When Buschel narrows his focus and has a handle on these characters' essences, there are flashes of greatness. All he needs is a tighter grip.
There is a stronger, deeper, fuller motion picture to be made from this material. Earnest though it is, this one is decidedly far from phenomenal.
The mental side of baseball might be critical to winning, but it's not all that exciting to watch.
A thoughtful, introspective sports drama that suggests Noah Buschel, like Hopper, may have greatness in him.
As sports-centric films go, those folks looking for cheering crowds on a mild summer's night won't find much joy in The Phenom's mudville. It's a slow walk around the bases.
A cold, hard look at how the scars of our youth follow us into adulthood and what attempting to make peace with one's demons actually feels like
Baseball star struggles with fame in sports drama with edge.
Too methodically-paced with little payoff The Phenom is like a flamed out prospect that can't make use of its potential.
The Phenom has some good scenes and performances, but there are too many annoying things and too little point.
Simmons is generally convincing but it's difficult for him to combine this with holding centre stage, especially in scenes alongside Ethan Hawke, who is cast against type as a low rent Tyler Durden and clearly enjoying every minute of it.
This "love me daddy" baseball pic that earns points for spending less than 5 percent of its time on the diamond and refusing to end in open competition...so far as the playing field is concerned.
The cast is...perfect, especially Giamatti, whose soothing tones and reassuring demeanor nevertheless hint at closely held heartbreak.
Expertly lensed, tautly directed (by writer Noah Buschel), and peerlessly acted, "The Phenom" requires patience, but the reward is there. Call it a little film therapy.
Oddly a sports movie about baseball for eggheads and equally baseball for dummies. Which has as much on its mind literally as what's going down on the playing field - and may go a long way towards engaging both competitive sports couch potato audiences.
Deceptively quiet, unexpectedly still, Noah Buschel's The Phenom beckons with a firm power.
#1 pitching prospect consults shrink over inexplicable control issues in compelling character-driven drama.
It's Hawke who gives the film its dramatic urgency.
Buschel really is turning out to be a solid indie craftsman, and The Phenom is a nice example of his evolving style. I'm eager to see what he does next.
Not everything here works... But it's an interesting, great-looking film, and Simmons is just dynamite in it.
Noah Buschel might be one of indies' most interesting filmmakers, all the moreso because he doesn't belong to any easily-promotable group or even genre.
... a minor triumph ... compact, impeccably performed ... Ethan Hawke's Great Santini-like father deserves a close look by Oscar ... the gutsy ending left us gasping.
A welcome surprise for sports cinema, "The Phenom" handles itself like Robert Redford's "Ordinary People" when exploring the psychology of a Lebron James or Johnny Manziel-like sports sensation.
Instead of big fireworks, "The Phenom" offers low-key character moments. It's a small film with a lot of insight.
A small gem filled with unexpected insight and performances of exceptional precision and intelligence
The Phenom starts with the germ of a promising idea, but its creator can't take it beyond that.
It's not necessary, of course, for "The Phenom" to be an all-out sports drama, but writer-director Noah Buschel sets up the rare opportunity to explore what makes a jock tick, then doesn't follow through.
Buschel is interested in the character study of an athlete, pure and simple, and he takes his time making the examination.
An unusual and affecting baseball drama where nearly all the action is internal.
"The Phenom" is a baseball movie with virtually no baseball, which would be fine if the thing it relied on instead - lots and lots of talking - exhibited zest and originality. It doesn't.
A highly talented but troubled young pitcher works through literal and metaphorical control issues in the latest off-kilter psychological drama from Noah Buschel.
Don't let its restraint fool you: As unshowy as it is, "The Phenom" has an impressive collection of tools.
Consider "The Phenom" a baseball film for people who would never step foot inside a baseball stadium.
While it's nice to encounter a sports movie that diverges from formula... this one is so dilatory, and its revelations so obvious, that it might leave you longing for some old-fashioned genre clichés.
"The Phenom" needs a lead capable of matching Hawke, but it does find periodic dramatic purpose.
Written and directed by Noah Buschel, The Phenom may not be a home run for those in search of traditional peanuts and Cracker Jacks. But as an examination of a young man at a crossroads, it's a good day at the ballpark.
The Phenom unfolds as a series of quiet, incisive conversations that showcase subtle, insightful performances.
There is a richness of character here that belies the film's trim eighty-six minute running time.
This inventiveness, creativity, and complete disregard for mainstream sensibilities are what make the director so captivating.
The Phenom isn't a dramatic home run, but Noah Buschel's vision still sheds a unique spotlight on the struggles of young athletes.
Simmons, Hawke, and Giamatti are all compelling enough to ensure that The Phenom doesn't turn into a bunch of empty tricks and fussy lighting.
If there's an MVP, it's Simmons. The Perks of Being a Wallflower alum tosses off another subdued performance, a good counterpart to Hawke's more over-the-top coiled rage.
The film touches on the effects of a culture that puts too much emphasis on winning and money at the expense of simple healthy competition.
Noah Buschel shows that formula can be repurposed to serve empathetic ends without losing its self-actualizing appeal.
A serene and sensitive character study set to Mozart. Not your typical baseball movie.
The Phenom, like its protagonist, is hard to pin down, making for a film that's transfixing and opaque in equal measure.

@highlight

Powerfully acted and emotionally affecting, The Phenom proves a baseball movie can step away from the mound and still deliver a heater down the middle.