The Darjeeling Limited isn't Wes Anderson's best, but it shows he is trying his best.
Wilson shines as the oldest brother of three in perhaps his best performance to date.
It's very much what I think Anderson intended - a light travelogue of small consequence, with a slight, though sincere and concerned effort to bring a heart back into his films.
The screenplay does have ambitions to say something about brotherhood and spirituality, but Anderson's sense of style is so strong that sincerity and emotion struggle to be heard.
What of the characters? Well, there aren't any, really.
Wes Anderson transports his arch, pristine, melancholic sensibility to India, where three estranged brothers meet after their father's death and hop a train in a quixotic attempt to heal their spiritual wounds.
Anderson's gentle parody of westerners who lob into an ancient culture expecting to pick up enlightenment and peace as easily as a shoe shine or over-the-counter painkillers is very funny.
By now, you know exactly what to expect, which is both good and bad. To my mind, Anderson reached the acme of this formula in the first go, in Tenenbaums, and has now replicated it twice, evoking smaller pleasures each time.
This is a handsome, intriguing and subtly funny character study that almost leads to enlightenment.
Here Anderson, like his heroes, learns the real adventure is in getting deliriously lost.
Wilson, Brody and Schwartzman are each fine, but if you found yourself stuck in a train compartment with their characters, you'd vamoose.
Though it never arrives at the desired destination, The Darjeeling Limited offers a rewarding journey -- but one that's hard to recommend without a few disclaimers.
While many people make films like Anderson, Anderson makes films like no one else.
Falling back on such clichés, the emotional catharsis of the Whitman brothers nevertheless remains hard-fought.
The film as a whole operates in Mr. Anderson's patented, semi-precious zone of antic and droll. It's not as if the filmmaker has gone off the rails. He's just not solidly on them.
Being faintly disappointed by a new Wes Anderson film -- films whose primary form of emotional address, after all, is faint disappointment -- remains one of the few consistent pleasures of American moviegoing.
As ambiguous and frustrating as it can often be, The Darjeeling Limited is a film of great art and passion; vibrant, charming and poignant, it's a ride you won't want to get off, no matter where it takes you.
Anderson is evidently encumbered by his own cargo. Louis Vuitton it may be, but the overriding sensation here suggests the endless revolutions of a baggage carousel.
Wes Anderson manages to make the exotic Indian countryside seem like a suburb of Houston.
Arguably Wes Anderson's most compassionate, mature film, "Darjeeling" dances around disconcerting what-ifs: If they weren't your brothers and sisters, would you voluntarily befriend them, or do you tolerate quirks and annoyances because blood links you?
Like Anderson's other work, this is light comedy (albeit comedy that flirts with an appealing ridiculousness) that carries with it a satisfying intelligence.
The melancholy is mostly notional and entirely unearned, bought ready-made in '60s songs
Though Anderson is covering the same terrain, it's different from, and better than, most of what's out there. And it can still take an unexpected turn toward the revelatory.
Apart from having thus created the first road-picture homework assignment, Anderson isn't breaking new ground here. But he and his actors appear to be having a larkish good time.
It's not so hard to believe that even the most naive and clichéd-seeming spiritual quest may be at least partially redeemed by fraternal good will.
Lo que podría haber sido una original road movie en tren termina diluyéndose en una experiencia caprichosa, carente de humor y sensibilidad, y finalmente algo irritante.
The technical prowess of Wes Anderson is still top-notch, with the best example being the train showcasing all of the characters at the end.
... a nice sense of fraternal affection under the frustration, playful details in the margins, a bouncy energy, and Anderson's idiosyncratic tastes in fashion and music.
It eventually goes somewhere, but I'm not sure where. It is a pleasant enough trip for the most part.
Anderson's films have been a series of diminishing returns after the delightful Rushmore. The Darjeeling Limited is easy to admire but hard to like.
Wes Anderson's latest may be Limited, but even the director's lesser projects are worth our while.
A Wes Anderson film is like a snow globe: it's hermetically sealed, precious, and pointless.
Working through [Jason] Schwartzman as an alter-ego seems to recharge Anderson's ability to marry pitch-perfect style to emotional honesty.
O curta Hotel Chevalier, que precede o filme, é infinitamente mais eficaz que o longa: se for para mergulhar num universo esteticamente fascinante que não tenha muita coisa a dizer, é preferível fazê-lo em doses menores.
This is India as in one of those highly coloured paintings of a Hindu god. It's absolutely gorgeous but every so often the train stops and we go outside, into the dusty yellow plains of Rajasthan, where reality is more present.
Easily the slightest of Anderson's four feature films.
this quirky, aesthetically-pleasing ride is one worth taking
The way Indian life is portrayed is nothing short of remarkable, and is perhaps the highlight of this laid-back, droll film that may not be everyone's cup of tea, but will certainly be appreciated by Anderson fans
Anderson packs an extraordinary amount of incident and observation into a mere 90 minutes.
Unless he branches out into new territory aesthetically and thematically, Anderson's best days may be behind him, not in front of him
Wes Anderson is an acquired taste. But those who liked The Royal Tenenbaums and even the grossly uneven The Life Aquatic may find this serio-comic tale about three brothers on a train journey through India a satisfactory diversion from everyday reality.
A precious, self-admiring and fatally misjudged serio-comedy.
Owen Wilson, Jason Schwartzman and Adrien Brody all get their comic timing just right as three wealthy brothers on a journey of discovery in India.
It may not have you weeping in the aisles, but it will be with you for days after you see it.
Wes Anderson returns with another love-it-or-loathe-it comedy, this time starring Owen Wilson, Adrien Brody and Jason Schwartzman.
Pleasant, especially on the design front, but a lack of narrative substance makes the whole a little too indulgently whimsical.
A tall tale of mishaps and misadventure that settles into a thoughtful, moving journey. By turns funny, smart and poignant, it's one of the most satisfying films of 2007.
Want social realism? You're in the wrong place. Want a witty, whimsical comedy? Climb aboard...
For all Anderson's pleasing, refreshing auteur tendencies, the overwhelming feeling delivered by 'The Darjeeling Limited' is of frustration, déjà vu and little progression.
Funny peculiar and funny ha ha, with a spontaneity and energy that gather up a powerful emotional head of steam as it chugs along.
"The Darjeeling Limited" is director Wes Anderson's ("The Royal Tenenbaums") latest vision of flawed relationships.
...delivers no more and no less than what one might've expected...
Those who relished Anderson's candy-coloured bittersweet style in The Life Aquatic should enjoy the trip.
The Darjeeling Limited is Anderson's most technically accomplished film, but his subject matter must evolve.
Quirky comedy-drama idiosyncratically directed by Wes Anderson.
Everyone who pretended to love Aquatic because they were afraid of hopping off the Anderson bandwagon because deep down they hoped it was just a little career hiccup? Don't lock your knees when you jump because you'll wreck 'em.
"The Darjeeling Limited" is a quirky, sophisticated movie that's kind of a comedy and definitely a road trip with very little plot.
Wes Anderson tackles mature brotherly baggage.
Hugely enjoyable, delightfully quirky comedy drama from director Wes Anderson, featuring a witty script, gorgeous photography, a superb soundtrack and terrific performances from its three leads.
It's a movie about luggage.
About as close to perfection as you're likely to get.
The jewel in Wes Anderson's crown!
If Anderson's films really are an acquired taste, then Darjeeling is cooked to perfection.
The movie finds Anderson straining to peel away his mannerisms and respond to a world outside the ones he usually so meticulously designs.
When that story takes a dead serious turn something only alluded to in previous movies it becomes clear that Anderson can do pretty much anything...that doesn't involve the life aquatic.
After approaching self-absorption in The Royal Tenenbaums and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Anderson completely disappears up his own preciousness in this road trip.
Anderson's signature style is feeling the pressure of the law of diminishing returns -- a law as menacing to the artist as that of gravity is to the balloonist.
...the sort of pretentious empty exercise that gives arthouse films a bad name.
Wes Anderson's movies are hothouse flowers, delicate but vivid blooming, fragrant but short-lived.
Like a once in a lifetime trip that only grows grander with the passage of time, The Darjeeling Limited is idiosyncratic filmmaking at its finest.
[Anderson's] movies, even if you think the stories are slight, are full of the joy of seeing. I could watch them with the sound off and still be completely happy.
Whether you will enjoy this movie depends on your tolerance for Anderson's unique sensibilities.
Next stop, minor disappointment, followed by growing appreciation.
Anderson's most wispish work to date ... But it offers enough modest charms to earn it a mild recommendation.
Imagine the Three Stooges if they had gone to Yale.
Anderson continues to examine damaged lives with whimsy, humor and bittersweet compassion. No matter how serious the themes get, Anderson and company keep the tone deceptively light.
It's a hard film to shake, and there's an awful lot to be said for that.
Anderson's now-overly familiar tone and style feels all the more twee when paired with a thin story.
Only on screen for a few moments, Anjelica Huston provides the most moving experience in this odd, self-indulgent film about oddness and self-indulgence.
Though light on revelations, this well-acted film offers entertaining and touching moments.
There's never a moment when you're not conscious of the movie's artifice -- its set design is part of its entertainment -- but the experience isn't exactly off-putting, either.
Dysfunctional families have long been the favorite subject of filmmaker Wes Anderson, but he has rarely approached the topic with as much heart as he does here.
It's an affected film about disaffected people, and no cast in the world could save it.
This film is indeed Limited -- in appeal, sincerity and substance.
Even those invested in the idea that the journey is the destination may feel they've taken a train to nowhere.
Hurtling towards an ending that is far less pat than expected, the film... is too mobile and busy to be forced into a single compartment.
Can a movie be both cartoonish and authentic at the same time? That's what Anderson achieves, always, and it's bittersweet and hilarious and makes you want to cry with the perfection of it...
If you hear the music, you'll recognize that beneath Anderson's hipster veneer is the low keen of loss and wounds that never close.
Filled with the sorts of humane generalities and optimistic possibilities to which only a misanthrope could object.
The whimsy of it all does a passable job of covering the dull stretches, and the actors, to a one (Bill Murray has a cameo, Anjelica Huston shows up) make it watchable.
For all its quixotic quirkiness, "The Darjeeling Limited" is little more than artifice for the art house set.
Painful to watch.
It's far more streamlined and focused than the director's recent stuff.
While The Darjeeling Limited isn't perfect, it comes so close to hitting the mark that even when the film begins to fall off the rails, you've already made up your mind as to how you feel about it.
It's not top-notch Anderson, but it's a step in the right direction.
[This] oddball odyssey stuck with me well after the final long, hypnotic shot of the magic train rolling through the Indian landscape.
None of this is as amusing as the writers ostensibly imagine it to be.
The Darjeeling Limited is a step toward maturity for Anderson, too. His visual ideas are still overcalculated and the tone is often precious, but emotionally he seems to have expanded.
What this movie has going for itself in spite of its cloying pleas for indulgence is a playful and interesting narrative structure that precludes much development and comes to the fore only toward the end.
The Darjeeling Limited, the latest self-satisfied exercise in style over substance from writer-director Wes Anderson, will amuse his cult followers -- as well as Anderson himself and his pals, of course -- but probably nobody else.
Anderson creates a deluxe train set, for sure. All he neglects is building up an electric current or a head of steam.
Quirky is the operative word here. You have to go with the flow on this wacky train ride.
Infused with rich writing, strong performances and symbolic undertones, Darjeeling explores how people behave when living in the moment but out of the comfort zone.
Never before has Wes Anderson seemed so indifferent toward how the film will be perceived, and, consequently, it moves as gracefully and as organically as anything he's done.
In the end, this is a quest worth taking, and those with the passion to do so might just find a cinematic rapture boarding on the spiritual.
It's hard to know ... whether I've simply had it up to here with Anderson's archly cute portrayals of the troubles and eccentricities of the fabulously well-to-do.
Brothers and other strangers ride The Darjeeling Limited, Wes Anderson's captivating road movie that views life as a Great Train of Being.
Dripping with Wes Anderson's patented blend of whimsy and melancholy, The Darjeeling Limited is the story of three brothers traveling across India in search of themselves.
Filmmaker Anderson does not disappoint his diehard fans.
If you've seen Anderson's other films, this will feel like a repeat. A good repeat, sure, but still a repeat.
Real life comes crashing into Anderson-ville... and for the first time in his career, the filmmaker seems to be playing the pain for real, without any sight gags or ironic distance to cushion the blow.
If Anderson's personal style is such that we can always tell a Wes Anderson movie from the outset, then the style has become commonplace for him, and therefore no longer a proper judgment point for us as an audience.
The Darjeeling Limited works best when the level of artifice is at its highest and most overt.
The evidence of talent persists in Anderson's work, but the prognosis of terminal solipsism and emotional dilettantism draws ever fuller support.
This is as good a ride as Anderson is likely to produce and most fans will think his variation on tongue-in-cheek comedy hilarious.
Anderson's strength - he's a consummate visual stylist, a natural born scene maker - is also his weakness, in that he favors obvious constructions, representations and meanings in his scripts.
Wes Anderson's best film so far.
The director and co-writer [Wes Anderson] has some deep thoughts going on in his head that are translated to the screen.
It is a delight to look at, with its vibrant colors, iconic images and exotic setting, and the film has a meandering feel that captures the sense of trekking across India.
Entertaining and engaging, and also deliberately strange.
[The film] has a kooky, laid back charm and is full of Anderson's trademark themes and surreal eye candy, but ultimately, for all its offbeat wit and road-to-enlightenment send-ups, it feels a little thin.
The Darjeeling Limited is like an artist attempting to play back the exact same song, note for note. It's almost always better the first time.
Each scene feels like its own little Hotel Chevalier, contrived for the mere purpose of seduction and nothing more.
The movie runs deepest when the brothers finally deal with their baggage, both real and metaphysical.
A frustrating movie, a work of immaturity from a director who should be past the empty gestures and self-protective distance of his early work.
An easy movie to admire but more difficult to like. Technically and thematically, there's a lot in The Darjeeling Limited to arrest the attention. Emotionally, there's a void.
An extraordinary movie, filled with splendor, laughter and a touch of cosmic wisdom. You won't forget it.
None of it rings true; the unifying element is self-consciousness.
Saddled with a one-track plot and dry performances that never really go anywhere, even when the story literally goes off the rails.
What's offensive is the way Anderson has used an entire country and its people as set dressing. Poverty and reality don't enter into the picture.
The preciousness of this new enterprise pollutes the human relationships until everything seems like a pose.
A better film [than Life Aquatic], warmer, more engaging, funnier and very surrounded by India, that nation of perplexing charm.
Unexpectedly fresh, if indisputably minor.
Dysfunctional families are as common on screen as off, but director Wes Anderson has a flair for making his clans seem bizarrely unique and yet recognizable too.
The Darjeeling Limited, which is based on a worthy story that ultimately needed more density, shines during its naturally peculiar scenes but blots out its own sun with contrived injections.
Anderson's best and most satisfying work since Rushmore
The film about three brothers in the wake of their dad's death is a pleasurable journey to nowhere, but it's worth the ride.
The Darjeeling Limited has its charms, chief of which is watching three terrific actors evince with unforced ease the rewards and resentments of brotherhood.
Captures the wistful woe and longing that drove the best parts of Rushmore and The Royal Tenenbaums.
However irregular the beat, this one has a heart.
Limited is exactly what Wes Anderson proves himself to be.
Brody...has a comedian's gangly limbs and a tragedian's melancholy face. For the tragicomedies of Wes Anderson, that's a perfect combination.
Arguably the most self-indulgent and silly of his five-film oeuvre...The emperor's new clothes have only gotten more expensive and Asian-inspired.
The magically compelling Darjeeling Limited strikes me as the fullest blossoming yet of Anderson's talents as a total filmmaker.
The Darjeeling Limited is a pleasant trifle, and that's it. Individual moments shine but they do not make a satisfying whole.
If Wes Andersen ever decides to treat his characters with the same loving attention he treats his props, he will make better movies. Oh the tschotchkes in this movie! It's like a long, loving J. Peterman catalogue commercial.
Finds Anderson back in fine form.
Midway through the film takes a shift to a darker and more thoughtful tone - revealing hidden depths to Anderson's film-making that are a welcome surprise.
It is repetitive, but it's still very clever writing, maybe sometimes too clever, really good acting.
With more style than substance, the story is so thin it evaporates like a puff from a hookah.
It looks wonderful...but feels thin and weightless, as pretty a bauble as a Christmas tree ornament and ultimately just about as durable.
A moderately amusing shaggy dog story that evokes director Wes Anderson's love for human beings with quirky personality traits.
May not deliver on the emotional context of Tenenbaums but is more than funny enough to forgive it's heavy-handed dramatic metaphors.
In the Anderson oeuvre, it feels minor: although it hits its goals, it doesn't necessarily aim big this time.
Here's another Wes Anderson movie. I say that with all due respect.
Unstintingly fussy, vain and self-regarding. But it is also a treasure: an odd, flawed, but nonetheless beautifully handmade object as apt to win affection as to provoke annoyance. You might say that it has sentimental value.
Amid all this self-conscious cleverness, the one sequence built around primal emotions feels hideously out of place, its gravity diminished by the self-consciously kooky antics that surround it.
Maybe Anderson needs to shoot someone else's screenplay, to get outside his own head for a while and into another's sensibility. It's telling that his funniest and liveliest recent work was a commercial for American Express.
Although The Darjeeling Limited pales in comparison to Anderson's best film, Rushmore, it's still a vast improvement over the director's last and worst film, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
The usual pleasures of Anderson's work are all present in The Darjeeling Limited, which creates a gorgeous palette out of local color.
There's [Anderson's] usual goofy celebration of silent dark-eyed melancholics and shaggy oddballs, of absurdist realities and blindingly unexpected insights. Taken as a whole, it's incontrovertible evidence of Anderson's own free-wheeling talent.
Wilson, Brody and Schwartzman have their charms, but the script gives them little to work with. Anderson and his co-writers have come up with an ordinary road movie that is dependent on lame running jokes.
It's time Wes Anderson moved beyond the mixture of damage and quirky creativity neglectful parents can cause.
The Darjeeling Limited, by comparison, feels like a more comfortable fit than its predecessor...
"The Darjeeling Limited" is a dud where even its lame attempts at slapstick comedy fall flat.
It's bliss for the Anderson devotee; a lateral cinematic move for the filmmaker, but one of immense merit and continuous enchantment.
A wonderful mix of humor and humanity, vintage Wes Anderson that's fine and funny as he takes us on a soul searching magical mystery tour.
The auteur's best work to date.
Anderson is still a maddeningly cool filmmaker. He's remote from his characters, which makes him remote from his movies. There's also a way in which he uses race as a novelty, suggesting an assertively white-kid view of the world.
The first thing my friend said to me as the credits began to roll: "Loved it ... but the film won't make a dime at the box office."
Meticulously stylized and nimbly filmed on a retrofitted Indian train, it's a spicy, lyrical cinematic feast.
Wes Anderson doesn't make movies like anybody else, which is sometimes a good thing and sometimes not. His latest, The Darjeeling Limited, combines what's best and worst about him.
A touching, sweet tale about an adult trio of brawling brothers who go to India and bliss out tackling sibling rivalry issues, while essentially getting in touch with their divine if somewhat goofy inner mystics.
A spunky spiritual adventure story about three American brothers traveling through India and trying to connect with each other and come to terms with the past and death.
The Darjeeling Limited is so reflective of personal experience (within the context of rarefied pop antecedents) that it returns common emotional power to today's fragmented, disingenuous popular culture.
This is familiar territory for Anderson after Rushmore and The Royal Tenenbaums. But there's a startling new maturity in Darjeeling, a compassion for the larger world that busts the confines of the filmmaker's miniaturist instincts.
At a stage in [Wes] Anderson's career when he should be moving on, he is instead circling back.
A companion piece to Tenenbaums more than a step in new directions, Darjeeling is a movie about people trapped in themselves and what it takes to get free...
Hit and miss, but its tone of lyric melancholy is remarkably sustained.
Somewhat funny, but in strange and subtle ways, even by Anderson's standards.
A wonderful film -- both funny and affecting.
If the outcome is foreseeable and the film overstays itself a little even at 91 minutes, the pilgrimage is commendable though not enlightening.
The ingredients that have increasingly defined Wes Anderson's films seem, with The Darjeeling Limited, to have become something like limitations.
Full of fantastic individual moments.
A highly flawed personal vision, containing what the Screenwriter 101's among us would deem various and sundry "third act problems."
For those familiar with Anderson's work The Darjeeling Limited offers nothing new under the sun -- except that its an Indian sun.
A train ride without laughs or charm.
Here, as in his two prior outings, Anderson's arch, highly artificial style gets in the way of character and emotional development, rendering pic piquant rather than profound.
Going to India and working with 2 writers do little to reenergize Anderson because he imposes the same themes (broken families, lost souls), self-conscious approach and seriocomic sensibility on the new feature, further confined by being set on a train.


@highlight

With the requisite combination of humor, sorrow and outstanding visuals, The Darjeeling Limited will satisfy Wes Anderson fans.