This effectively tense adventure also delivers the heart and heroism audiences love.
The Richard Curtis script has Rooney Mara and Martin Sheen running about Rio evading cliched baddies - and they are outshone by the wonderfully energetic young trio, who turn muck into brass.
Trash is a step up from Extremely Loud's cloying 9/11 exploitation simply by virtue of not being one of the most appalling movies ever made. It's still pretty crummy, though.
Obviously, its heart is in the right place, and one can only hope the story and characters read better in Mulligan's book, but as far as "Trash" the film is concerned, the result is disposable.
... the convoluted plot misses a chance to provide moral complexity and emotional depth.
While the caper plot has its moments, I kept hoping "Trash" would do more than treat its setting as some curiously unexplainable foreign planet.
A diverting two hours, and an excellent reminder of the wide world of stories out there waiting to be told.
Has definite moments of sheer cinematic excitement.
Its bad taste is also a good way to underline its shallow portrayal of favela life, which seems informed primarily by the movies.
Three boys living in a garbage dump in Rio de Janeiro stumble across evidence of a local politician's corruption in this uneasy mix of social-issue drama and escapist thriller.
An intensive, propulsive political thriller representing a tautly executed return to form for director Stephen Daldry.
I left the screening having almost fainted from sugar shock.
Creates a whirlwind of events, but it only rarely achieves authority, as Daldry has trouble balancing the endeavor's restless cinematic interests and its sticky cultural pleas.
Trash gets hung up on the "teaching" part-looking to inform the well-off about the struggles of Rio slum-dwellers-and for too long forgets that Mulligan's novel provided a pretty good plot.
Comparisons to "Slumdog Millionaire" are inevitable, but the kinetic "Trash" has a rhythm all its own.
A crowd-pleasing film that resembles "Slumdog Millionaire" albeit without that film's complexities, "Trash" contrasts Rio's gorgeous beaches with its notorious favelas and has strong performances from three youths.
Director Stephen Daldry, working from an exploitative script by Richard Curtis, opts for a full-on Slumdog Millionaire imitation.
Adapting Andy Mulliagn's young-adult novel, screenwriter Richard Curtis and director Stephen Daldry strike a deft balance between escapism and grit.
Though it endeavours to speak of a specific time, place and set of social issues, Trash is best seen as a fairytale unravelling in life-like, modern-day surroundings.
A first-rate film, full of heart and hope.
It's not surprising that Trash is a shameless crowd-pleaser, and that, like many films of its type, it has a contradiction at its heart.
Trash may not always convince, but is still at all times an engaging drama.
Director Stephen Daldry rediscovers the upbeat oomph that powered his debut feature Billy Elliot, finding hope and humour amid the squalor and violence of the narrative's darker turns.
A jaunty, gorgeously-acted thriller about three teens from the slums of Rio, who - when one of them finds a wallet in a pile of garbage - become entangled in the affairs of a corrupt mayoral candidate.
Cynics will scoff at a feelgood direction at odds with the real plight of Brazilian's poor...but this is about hope rather than expectation.
The three non-professionals playing the rubbish-sifting comrades exude a believable solidarity and charismatic energy, though Brazilian star Selton Mello overdoes his role as a sadistic cop.
Trash is an honourable addition to the list of films about Brazilian street kids that stretches back to Héctor Babenco's Pixote and Walter Salles's Central Station.
As to the implausibly happy 'feelgood' ending, maybe I was too harsh, and it's quite sweet really? No. It's properly rubbish. Won't even think about trying to be kind again. It just doesn't suit.
There's a driving energy to the film-making and three central performances, from non-professional actors Rickson Tevez, Gabriel Weinstein and Eduardo Luis, are first rate.
A possible worry is that Trash is too adult for a family audience, and yet not a fully adult thriller, but it is a watchable adventure.
Another winner from Daldry, this is an unexpectedly gritty crime drama set in the teeming favelas and grimy backstreets of Rio.
Stephen Daldry tries his hand at a realist fairy tale set in the slums of Rio, with mixed results.
This isn't a children's movie... and yet it kind of is, too, with its odd mishmash of social realism, action thrills, misplaced comedy, and simplistic drama.
It feels impossibly compromised, even for a film whose basic pitch is Slumdog Millionaire goes to Rio.
Under Daldry's direction, Trash moves along at a fair pace, sweeping through the slums and sewers of Rio in a whirl of vivid sound and colour.
Trash possesses a hopeful nature, which is fine, but its decision to brush over dangerous situations with easy answers just doesn't sit right.
Forget about three years at Rada - these boys are the real deal.
for all the film's apparent desire to offer a gritty, realist portrait of life for the Brazilian underclass, the politics here are childishly facile.
With its heavy plotting, Trash hardly aspires to docudrama, yet the trio paint an indelible portrait of youth in crisis that is essential to the movie's success.
An engagingly freewheeling romp through the grittier side of Brazil, focusing on political corruption and police brutality as it weaves its story of a handful of slum kids who come across information that could bring down a corrupt official.
There's no doubting a certain passion among crew and cast, most notably the trio of native youngsters whose antics provide a solid level of action-packed dramedy.
Cavils melt before the 1,000-watt charms of Tevis, Luis and Weinstein, all non-pros whose joy before the camera, and in each others' company, transcends the more standard elements in the material.

@highlight

Action-packed, funny, and thought-provoking, Trash finds feel-good cinema in real-life squalor without resorting to cheap sentimentality.