The movie was awesome and definitely a must see.
As Kim, Maggie Grace is a bit old to convincingly portray a boppy underage teenager, although she appears to be giving her best to a one-dimensional role that essentially disappears during the movie's slam-bang midsection.
Neeson stars in the sort of part Harrison Ford would have gotten ten or fifteen years ago.
The dialogue is functional at best, Bryan's motives are basic; it's all apt for this bare-knuckle punch of an action movie.
It's so awesome to see Liam Neeson taking out the trash in pursuit of his prized child.
It's fun for about 15 minutes seeing Neeson do James Bond as Daddy Dangerous. But the surprise wears off quickly.
In Taken viewers are introduced to a new side of Irish actor Liam Neeson, one that is relentless and likes to hit criminals in the throat -- a lot.
Though the film takes some time to get going, once Neeson arrives in Paris, the 91-minute runtime flies by like its stuck on fast-forward.
Taken is a fast-paced, high-octane action movie that ... doesn't take very many detours into soul-searching melancholy.
I liked it, but don't expect the unexpected in this French action thriller -- especially in an ending that is about as predictable as a Pine Sol commercial.
It's got all the attributes of a guilty pleasure - excitement, some undeniably enjoyable scenes and the absence of what it needs to be more memorable and more substantial.
This heart-stopping revenge flick written by Luc Besson is easily Liam Neeson's most memorable performance since his Oscar-nominated outing in Schindler's List.
The action is engaging but rarely exciting; the drama heftier but still far from convincing.
In a lesser actor's hands, the powerful impact of the subject matter would not have been so ably delivered.
The script is more hard-hitting and realistic than [Besson's] Transporter films, which means youll only laugh out loud two or three times.
Taken is the best action thriller of 2009 thus far.
This briskly paced movie delivers a full payload of action and leaves you mentally exhausted. You immediately recall the famous line from "The Wizard of Oz" that "There is no place like home."
A morally specious but undeniably efficient brainstem-tickler -- the most effective action/revenge thriller in years.
Neeson delivers a typically compelling performance in (for him) an atypically muscle-bound role.
Fortunately, somewhat-sloppy storytelling never gets in the way of this briskly paced action adventure.
A bizarre mix of sentimentality and bone-cracking violence, this Hardcore/Not Without My Daughter hybrid pits a determined father against the thuggish Albanian sex traffickers who kidnapped daddy's little girl as she vacationed in Paris.<
This is a Neeson driven story and he doesn't disappoint for anyone who likes him or a good adventure/thriller.
Was Liam Neeson looking for a script with lousier dialogue than "The Phantom Menace"?
Neeson is a major reason Taken, a riveting, revenge thriller gets praiseworthy marks.
This is not a movie about moral dilemmas-it's about a father who will rip out your eyeballs if you don't give him his daughter back.
Single-minded and suitably rough around the edges.
Taken feels like an '80s action movie ... albeit a good one with a hero who fights with the ferocity of a dozen men.
Though plagued with the dumbest villains ever to grace the screen, Neeson shines...
At virtually every turn the film feels like it's pulling punches and not delving into the potentially dangerous visual terrain its story and its attendant emotions are screaming for
Trust me. You must skip the first 20 minutes, and it would be a good idea to leave 10 minutes early as well. Then you've seen a great, intense action flick.
This silly hokum is so full of plot holes that it truly lives up to its title.
Calling all 'Transporter' fans: Here's a fast-paced 'Transporter' sibling starring Liam Neeson!
The trailer and poster tell me this film will be Liam Neeson providing beatdowns to anyone who stands between him and his kidnapped daughter. And the film is exactly that.
You've just kidnapped the wrong teenager, Mister Foreign Slave Trader Man.
Doesn't give Neeson too much opportunity at all to get in touch with his inner Jason Statham.
In the preposterous but gripping Taken, international scumbags mess with the wrong dad.
The melodramatic set-up takes little time in Pierre Morel's extra-actionated thriller. Almost as soon as Kimmie lands in Paris and neglects to call her father on the super-phone he's provided her, she's punished -- severely.
Taken does have a few glaring weaknesses, but there wasn't a minute that went by when I wasn't entertained or glued to my seat. And when I go see a mindless action film, that's the thing I care about most.
Mill's towering righteousness is just too much for this weak little film, whose only interest is in affirming the white patriarchal prerogative.
The action sequences start off great, but then they go too far over the edge of believability and plunge into the abyss of cartoon violence.
The usual vengeance-hunter plot, acting's sandblasted by action, and the movie rips through Paris like a One-Man Army American on a single-minded mission.
A shallow pleasure at best. But oh, how very pleasurable it is.
Taken is the kind of exploitative junk everyone expects from no-talent French hack Luc Besson.
There is a kind of artistry in the sheer craft and intensity on display. But don't let that stop you.
Good premise but Neeson is just too much of a superman to take the story seriously.
As a righteous stand against the low-level terrorists who peddle flesh in the back alleys of Europe, the movie is a lurid sham, as slick and soulless as the myriad thugs Neeson dispatches with implausible ease.
'Taken' can be admired as a precise, efficient, and single-minded genre picture.
The fights are occasionally very cool, but it's far easier to find another decent action movie to watch than it is to sit through one couched in such lazy, bigoted storytelling.
[Neeson's] performance is the most perturbing thing in the film, even more so than its electrical-torture sequence or its revelations about sex-trafficking.
It's the big, dolorous Neeson who makes the movie a keeper.
Don't be taken in by Taken.
The movie proves two things. (1) Liam Neeson can bring undeserved credibility to most roles just by playing them, and (2) Luc Besson, the co-writer, whose actioner-assembly line produced this film, turns out high-quality trash, and sometimes much better.
An exciting white-knuckle ride for action junkies and those who like to see the enemy get the raw end of a deal.
While parts of it are a stretch, overall Liam Neeson makes Taken an extremely satisfying action flick.
Trashy paranoid thriller.
You've already seen the best lines and the best scenes of Taken in the TV and theater commercials...If you take the bait be prepared to check your brain at the door.
subtext is the thing here and that is parental angst in a time when the nuclear family is a fragile thing at best, coupled with the perceived creeping impotence of the West
It works as a popcorn action movie primarily because of the acting talents and physical presence of Liam Neeson.
Mindlessly enjoyable, Taken suits Neeson's broody intensity and makes for a seamless transition for his role as heir to the action throne of Harrison Ford %u2013 or at least Bruce Willis.
You'll get nothing new from watching this film. It's the same man-saves-the-day stuff we've seen in the past, so check your brain at the door and sit back for pure fun.
It's the action that is key. Neeson's character doesn't just open up a can of whup-ass on the kidnappers. He opens up a whole bucket of whup-ass.
...a film that impresses if for nothing else but the way it compelling turns the fifty-six Liam Neeson into an action star.
What drags this movie down is the character at the center of it.
Look closely and you will see that Taken is not a harmless piece of action fluff. It is a fraud, and a mean-spirited one at that.
Women, sit back and accept your victimhood as men abduct you, sell you, and save you amid mindless violence that somehow got a PG-13 rating.
Director Pierre Morel does a great job of blending just enough exhilarating action sequences, thrills and brief comic relief along with a brisk pace which make for a thrilling, taut and purely escapist ride...
Violent, disturbing rescue/revenge thriller isn't for kids.
A crackle-smart immersion in righteous retribution.
Better than [Besson's] usual product, but still pretty thin, formulaic gruel.
This exploitive jaunt to the City of Lights is brutal, intense - and soon forgotten.
The whole movie becomes something of a Joseph Conrad-like descent into darkness, and the closer Bryan comes to the truth the seedier and more oft-putting the film itself becomes.
Taken is an exploitation flick pure and simple, which means it's deliberately preposterous and often morally reprehensible. It's also a damn good time at the movies, provided you don't take any of it too seriously.
Parental Content Review
With some suspension of disbelief and a strong stomach, it's possible to get taken in, or at least absorbed, by this adrenaline-pumping action thriller.
You'll miss out on a good movie if you consider Taken just another January dumping.
If a movie's high points are a quick smack of carnage and a steely speech that everyone's already seen in the trailer, you know it must be January.
I'm not sure if the title Taken refers to the kidnapping at the center of the film or the hoodwinked feeling audiences will have when it's finished.
I won't tell you Taken is great, but it's great fun.
[Director] Morel keeps Taken moving swiftly. It's never dragged down by excess feelings; instead, it's powered by the potency of the right ones.
A fleet, no-nonsense rescue thriller from the crackerjack French director Pierre Morel, Taken is satisfying (1) for the Gaelic gravitas of its star, (2) its slam-bang chase scenes and bone-snapping martial arts, and (3) the scenic backdrops of Paris.
Taken is a stripped-down action flick offering a single bloodlusty pleasure: You get to spend 90 minutes watching a world-class leading man cut a totally justified swath of violence through an army of central-casting scumbags.
Some movies flirt with absurdity. Taken takes it to bed, and then out for waffles in the morning.
Next out of the January dreg-u-lator: A Liam Neeson thriller so lacking in ambition they should have called it Paycheck.
Taken starts in low gear and almost immediately stalls out.
Neeson's better than this.
Won't win any accolades for its brash illiberalism, and that'll be just fine with fans of the genre who for nearly a generation have been driven more and more to the substandard offerings of the direct-to-video world.
The film flirts with saying something dark and serious about pursuing justice through unjust means, then quickly chickens out.
Taken is nonsense, but it's terrifically entertaining nonsense, especially in the midst of the January movie doldrums. It provides the reckless thrills that Quantum of Solace lacked.
Taken is not the kind of action film to spend much time worrying about its pedestrian script or largely indifferent acting, so it's fortunate to have Neeson in the starring role.
The film has a breathtaking pace and non-stop action (and violence), and a carefully created air of paranoia and claustrophobia.
Although well-crafted but improbable action set pieces cast Neeson as an essentially indomitable force, the film's emotional force rests on the comparatively persuasive setup.
If it's unrepentant violence you're after, you're better off renting [director] Morel's 2004 collaboration syndicate with Besson, District B13.
The last third of the film is a 50-year-old's little-boy temper tantrum.
It doesn't quite live up to the promise of that most awesomest of trailers, but almost.
Bottom line? Action junkies sign up, school marms stay home.
Taken is an exploitation thriller, the sort of studio pic that seizes the worst the world has to offer (the sex-slave outrages that The New York Times' Nicholas Kristof exposed so brilliantly) to bolster its rote rhythms.
In Taken, an excruciating atavism of a movie, father knows best in the worst way -- and he's ready to enforce it, come hell or high melodrama.
Move over Bourne. This is the best action movie since The Bourne Ultimatum.
Liam Neeson makes Jack Bauer look like a wimp in Taken, a ridiculously silly action drama directed by Pierre Morel (District B13).
...the sort of action film that you watch with glee and then hate yourself for doing so. Call it the year's first guilty pleasure.
The film's premise is obviously a little shaky, but if you're looking for straight out, cold, hard action than there is nothing better for you than Taken.
Taken, which tells the story of how Liam Neeson blows a gasket and flies off to France and kills 75 Albanians in 90 minutes, is crisp, efficient and deeply insane.
Bringing the same screen presence and gravity that he has to more serious roles like those in Schindler's List and Kinsey, Liam Neeson turns the relatively generic Taken into an above-average action movie.
If they had an Oscar for kicking butt, Liam Neeson would win it. I feel like I just left the gym. See this flick in theatres!
Taken is by no means the best the spy/action genre has to offer--it's not as smart as Bourne nor as classy as Bond--but it'll do till something better comes along.
One of the most ruthlessly efficient and sheerly entertaining hardcore action films to come along in a long time.
It's a fairly gripping, involving story, to be sure, but director Pierre Morel (District B13) gives it a pretty lazy treatment.
The action is engaging but rarely exciting; the drama heftier but still far from convincing.
Taken is a completely enjoyable, low-key actioner.
Liam Neeson proves that he's a total badass. But even he can't knock sense into this silly action-thriller.
A satisfying thriller as grimly professional as its efficient hero.
Mostly it's a grim, violent and predictable tale of a young girl in unthinkable distress.
Longtime action cinematographer Pierre Morrel proves adept at using the quick, claustrophobic cuts of the Bourne franchise and the Transporter flicks.
Intentionally free of nuance but overbrimming with relentless, efficient, energetic mayhem, it plays out like a season of '24,' crammed into 90 minutes.
This is another unsavory mix of sentimentality and high-octane seediness from the Luc Besson factory.
Taken is a crude but effective thriller that builds tension while cooking up a full head of righteous indignation.
This is not Besson's best work. The plotting is ridiculous, especially a bit about possibly corrupt French police officials, and what humor exists is mostly unintentional.
Having a thespian of Neeson's caliber chopping down burly henchmen with his bare hands creates a pleasant cognitive dissonance for a while, but the film is unworthy of him.
Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen saddle Neeson with indigestible dialogue and preposterous situations.
It's like Paul Schrader's 1979 Hardcore with no brain and more muscle.
Wow! Director Pierre Morel delivers a non-stop, high tension thriller that never lets up.
Shows how helming a PG-13-rated movie for adults without compromising the dark subject matter is done.
Neeson's character calls himself a "preventer," because he keeps bad things from happening. Not this time.
A blunt-force narrative...[though] Morel does good work with a string of brutish and short action scenes...
He's a father on a mission. He just happens to have the skills of Jason Bourne.
One of those rare examples of a high concept thriller where the elements come together in a way that delivers something far more original and appealing than one might imagine.
[A] dumped-in-January film that's better than it needs to be but, alas, still isn't good enough.
This French-directed English-language film squanders a fun genre--the kidnapping thriller--in favor of an exceedingly grim and insipid exercise in globetrotting sadism.
It's a simple genre beat down with an outstanding vision for aggression; a convincing cartoon for those who like their revenge served cold and their parental responsibility depicted as nothing short of absolute.
Taken makes no false promises. It looks like a mindless track-down shoot-'em-up ... because that's exactly what it is. It ain't artful -- but it sure can be fun.
Pierre Morel's film moves with breathlessly incessant fluidity and speed.
Would that Morel had infused the project with the same variety of style he brought to District B13, but the subtle insights of the script and Neeson's splendiferous range more than pick up the slack.
Action-movie aficionados know to look forward to Besson's spatially energized productions, and the new film Taken maintains his high standards.
Besson's espresso-jag thrillers are all the caffeine an action fan needs until the summer thrill rides arrive.
The film is never boring. It is, however, completely preposterous.
Junk, reactionary father-knows-best-because-he-used-to-murder-people-for-a-living nonsense, implicitly reinforcing all sorts of xenophobic paranoias and insidious patriarchal hierarchies. It's also absurdly entertaining.
Taken is movie junk food -- fun while it lasts, but not much more. Nothing wrong with that kind of snack every now and then. You just won't want a steady diet of it.
Still, if you're willing to hold your nose to the political subtext of Taken, it's one rousing moment after another.
Taken is brutish and loud and slow in parts, but also undeniably entertaining.
Leave your brain at the door to enjoy this smash-and-grab spree of fast-twitch carnage.
...a contemporary action masterpiece that surely ranks alongside the best that the genre has to offer...
Só não representa um desperdício maior de tempo porque dura breves 88 minutos (sem os créditos). O trailer merecia um filme melhor.
Just calling this formulaic doesn't cover it. The script should be credited to the computer software template that originated it.
Tries to be a big smart action movie even though it's utterly ludicrous.
Superbly directed, with a terrific performance from Liam Neeson, this bone-crunching, arse-kicking action thriller is one of the guiltiest pleasures of the year.
Liam Neeson, an actor who is incapable of portraying villainy, kills about 50 people in Pierre Morel's movie.
There's nothing right about this enterprise and it's a career nadir for once trendy director Luc Besson.
The only puzzle of this toxically stupid Europhobe thriller is that its director (Pierre Morel) and producer (Luc Besson) are both French.
Taken is batty but briskly paced.
There's nothing original here, but Neeson is a class above your normal action hero and writer/producer Luc Besson can always be relied upon to provide an unrelenting pace.
A nasty, grubby, pointless little thriller that hardly warrants a single star.
Seeing a personification of America exterminate pesky foreigners as if they're so many cockroaches does have entertainment value, despite its worrying overtones. It's just weird that it's been made, with no apparent irony, by a couple of Frenchmen.
Wham, bam, thank you Liam! Neeson is a man on fire: an unstoppable army of one scrapping and shooting his way around the City of Love. Both reprehensible and enjoyable in roughly equal measure.
With dialogue as convincing as power-sharing talks in Zimbabwe, characters so two-dimensional they'd be drummed out of a comic strip, and a hero who makes Jack Bauer look like a dithering idiot, Taken is hands down the unintentional comedy of the year.
This queasy, violent revenge fantasy becomes more preposterous as the body count rises. Taken is notable mainly for its racist stereotyping of Arabs and eastern Europeans.
What a slick, dubious, morally bankrupt movie this is.
If Neeson wasn't in such a dreadful hurry we might even enjoy the mindless cruelty.
A woeful script that wastes a wonderful leading man, this is a film that doesn't care about anything. At the end of 93 minutes, neither will you.
Director Pierre Morel's directing style is ruthlessly efficient, but leaves no time to ponder the plot holes or the borderline racist portrayal of vicious Albanian gangsters and sleazy Arab businessmen.
If you took Commando and replaced all its humour (intentional or otherwise) with snarling hatred, you'd end up with Taken - a risible male-re-empowerment fantasy.
There's a proper debate to be had about the validation of torture in so many films. 'We used to outsource torture,' ex-CIA spy Bryan (Liam Neeson) says, 'but it was unreliable.'
Unintentional giggles aside, this is classic revenge fare that borders unnervingly on being voyeuristic and downright nasty.
A simplistic action-thriller depicts extreme prejudice and shows middling contempt.
Taken is neither original nor meaningful...but that's not really the point, is it?
The screenplay has a simple but effective premise; the ex-CIA agent on a mission to save his kidnapped daughter. But the variables give the film a lot to work with, from the Paris setting to the deadly gang who steal and trade women like slaves.
non-stop action with Liam Neeson in devastating form as the former security agent who turns Paris upside down as he searches for his abducted daughter. Director Pierre Morel has a great eye for action...
Widescreen package is technically slick at all levels, and ditto the action choreography, in a cartoonish way.
Liam Neeson lends visibility to formulaic human-trafficking action thriller.


@highlight

Taken is undeniably fun with slick action, but is largely a brainless exercise.