The film's nihilism serves as a metaphor for the merciless death pit of Mexico's drug war, but not much else.
"Heli" is a slow, but unrelenting look at one young man's punishing loss of innocence amongst a society that has already decayed beyond understanding.
...maybe Heli contains few layers beyond its central political outcry, but then, maybe it doesn't need to.
Director Amat Escalante and his gifted cinematographer Lorenzo Hagerman have crafted a powerful film that feels and looks a lot like Steven Soderbergh's Oscar-winning Traffic.
Though not without its faults, Heli is a beautifully shot, deliberately quiet surprise.
Although it obviously is made with some skill, it also is unrelentingly dire.
(Torture, child rape, mutilation, a penis set ablaze.) Still, the unforgiving, unrelenting, hostile tone of "Heli" is electric with unforgiving, unforgivable anger.
It's very easy to appreciate Escalante's technique and ability, even if watching "Heli" isn't a particularly pleasant experience.
Unmistakably, an angry film, an indictment of circumstances that seem to force a choice between impotence and homicide.
The story of a rural, working-class Mexican family torn apart by the drug trade, this indie is a gripping and increasingly horrifying descent into violence and despair.
A stunning piece of filmmaking.
An average newspaper reporter can do a more artful, compassionate job with a drug-war story than this movie does.
The rest of the movie isn't as graphically awful as its centerpiece torture sequence, but it does little more than flatly illustrate the obvious-namely, that the drug war is very bad news for ordinary, well-meaning Mexicans.
A dead-eyed, lyrical art film that kicks you in the throat.
Much of what Heli has to say feels either obvious and/or exhausted by a raft of other recent narrative and documentary features.
The film's emotional and psychological threads resolve themselves less convincingly.
The emotional and political point through all this isn't to be taken lightly, but because the entirety of the film has such a nihilistic temperament, its effect is muted.
A depiction of how violence and corruption, when left unchecked, taints saints and sinners alike, sparing no one.
Cold, alienating and only occasionally gripping, Heli is an uneasy mix of black comedy, social realist drama and crime thriller. If only the rest of the film matched the slickly confident cinematography.
Heli paints a harrowing and often unbearably grim picture of a lawless bandit country, the indignities of which are made all the more powerful by Escalante's evident compassion for the struggling characters at the sharp end of all this escalating chaos.
The director Amat Escalante shows plenty of visual flair but his detached, matter-of-fact approach to the suffering endured by his protagonists becomes alienating.
Rarely has a lawless land felt so pitiless and inescapable.
It's forceful stuff, but the way the story drifts and dissipates in the latter stages is disappointing.
This relentless torrent of Mexican miserabilism makes for alienatingly grim and violent viewing.
Soon, the stylistic flourishes don't just seem self-conscious but cribbed, karaoke shades of Nuri Bilge Ceylan and Harmony Korine.
Amat Escalante's brutal account of a Mexican family who attract the wrath of a drugs cartel. Very little of the gruesome violence is left to your imagination.
There's much to admire in Escalante's verve and daring.
It's well-told and shot, yet ultimately unrewarding.
If the story it tells about a contemporary Mexico mired in corruption and violence is a familiar one, it's still one of undeniable pertinence.
The imagery is equal parts ugly and beautiful as the tale descends into a nightmare most could never conceive.
Life is not only tough in Amat Escalante's bracing film Héli. It is brutal and senseless. And yet the Mexican filmmaker conveys a certain message of resilience through his troubling story of a regular family whose world is upended by a savage drug cartel.
...ultimately comes off as an empty piece of provocation.
For all the horrors Heli reveals about modern-day Mexico, it's stubbornly lacking in insight about the characters that live there.
One of those skillfully crafted, unflinching works that nevertheless leaves you questioning what the point of all the queasiness might be.
Heli executes its shocks with sleek, gasp-inducing effectiveness, but neither it politics, nor its shifts in physical perspective, ever surprise or disorientate us.
Escalante's aesthetic is pure Film Fest 101.
Heli is a combination of neo-realism and visceral brutality, absolutely unforgiving in the depths it dares audiences to plunge.
I'm not sorry I saw Heli, but the squeamish should know what they're in for.
A dark tale, Heli is certainly not easy viewing but Escalante's bleak journey is one worth taking, for its raw and intense power is often rather extraordinary.
Squint, and the title makes more sense. Shut your eyes entirely to its horrors and you'll really miss out.
Heli may be the most optimistic film you will ever see in which one young man sets another's genitals on fire.

@highlight

There's no denying the seriousness of Heli 's story or the raw power of its more uncomfortable moments, but they're used in service of a grimly alienating film that many viewers may ultimately find unrewarding.