Parents of comic book fans could do much, much worse.
It's the big hit Marvel needed to be and a strong platform for The Avengers...
Captain America is a truly humble story that fortifies the character both physically and morally.
Director Joe Johnston tries to inject some pulpy '40s-style fizz into the proceeding, but the film's lead footed pace never seems to lighten up.
Though it's never much of a question who'll save the day, it's nice to be able to feel like the good guy's worth rooting for.
Captain America's a superhero due to a super serum, but he looks cool, has cool moves, and flings his shield with bombast, thus making America great again, and safe again.
Director Joe Johnston re-confirms his mastery of special effects, but he doesn't let them get in the way of his telling a story.
It's simply an old-fashioned good-versus-evil yarn. And it's all the better for it.
Totally lacking in ambiguity, Captain America is great fun.
Explosive and highly entertaining.
This has definitely been the summer of the superhero film. I'd put this one just below X-Men: First Class, but above Green Lantern and well above Thor.
It's very, very well done.
Joe Johnston hits just the right tone, finding the heart of this often misunderstood character, and tempering proceedings with the perfect blend of humour, action and characterisation.
It's no masterpiece but fun enough to continue to whet the appetite for The Avengers.
As summer blockbusters go, it's a notch or two above average.
Though unfailingly earnest and cheesy from open to close, Captain America: The First Avenger still delivers everything it promises with plenty of endearing good humour and occasional pulses of exciting panache.
As formulaic as it is, it's one of the more joyful examples of the genre, largely because it's a period piece.
As this summer's glut of superhero movies goes, let's just say that it's no X-Men: First Class but at least it's more enjoyably goofy than Thor.
The film's kitschy, retro production design is creative, some of the FX are endearingly hokey, and the screenplay has its share of laughs and solid dramatic moments.
Full of exciting action and earnest emotion, Captain America: The First Avenger is perhaps the most superhero-ey of this summer's superhero movies.
The story squanders its own fine setup.
Big and blousy, brash and loud and with a distinct twinkle in its star-spangled eye, it's the action movie to see if you really can't stomach any more wand-waving wizards and transforming robots.
The best bit in this year's umpteenth comic book blockbuster, Captain America: The First Avenger, is when Tommy Lee Jones eats some steak.
Chris Evans did the impossible. He became Steve Rogers, inside and out.
Viewed as the explosion-a-minute, simple action film that it's intended to be, Captain America delivers on what it needs to do: introduce the character to mainstream audiences while not offending longtime fans, and prime the public for The Avengers.
...a cut above its lackluster Marvel brethren for most of its running time (if only because it primarily resembles an actual movie more than it does a collection of special effects sequences).
Captain America: The First Avenger feels like a clichéd blast from the past, lacking the spunk and grit that has made other comic book movies successful.
A lifeless and clichéd action film that never lives up to its title or its title characters' ideals.
It's difficult to dislike "Captain America" too much, because it's harmless and innocuous and, unlike almost every other tentpole summer movie, isn't secretly trying to give the audience a seizure.
The result is fun and refreshingly retro.
A whizz-bang, retro-futuristic adventure that mercifully eschews the brooding Dark Knight trend to offer an exhilarating thrill ride that perfectly captures the enduring optimism of the 1940s.
Captain America: The First Avenger is definitely the best superhero film of the year and it's one hell of a fun ride. This is a must see!
The real marvel of it all is how much fun it actually is.
Even next to Thor, a movie about a space god with a magic hammer, Captain America: The First Avenger was always going to be one of Marvel's trickiest properties to do justice to.
"With arguably the best supporting cast of the bunch, a cut-and-dried hero's hero who isn't portrayed as some cornball cheesy and a direct lead in to 'The Avengers,' this is my favorite of the Avengers set ups."
As good a film version as can be made in this day and age by unapologetically embracing the square do-gooder nature of the character and concept.
A slam-bang good time, Captain America: The First Avenger is one of Marvel's better efforts.
What the film can never overcome, though it mightily tries via superior score, costumes, and atmosphere, is the inanity of its premise.
One of the banner comic book films of the year.
As the delightfully over-the-top Red Skull, Hugo Weaving has the most fun playing a noseless villain since Ralph Fiennes lopped his off as Voldemort.
Proves to be a riveting roller coaster ride from beginning to end, basically because it relies on a winning recipe featuring all the fixins needed to hold your undivided attention.
Combines the right elements of brisk storytelling and light touches of comedy without resorting to gimmicks or bombast.
Because of its period atmosphere and its successful combination of characterization and action, it tops my list of best superhero films of the year.
h omada toy Kapetanioy katafernei na swsei thn aksioprepeia ths, kyriws giati o skhnotheths petyxainei me tis camp eksarseis toy na xwsei ena kapoio epipedo aytosarkasmoy mesa sth sobarofaneia twn senariografwn
Director Joe Johnston confidently walks the line between faithful comic-book iconography and contemporary action-movie splash.
Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) wants to go to war. It's 1942, and he's a scrawny kid from Brooklyn, too scrawny, according to army doctors, to join up.
It serves its chief end to introduce the character, and Evans fills the role nicely. But as a stand-alone adventure, it's not captivating enough. I expect more from this genre.
"Looks great and hits all the right notes but never truly puts the pedal to the metal."
En una época en que aparecen películas de superhéroes debajo de cada piedra, encontrarse con algo tan entretenido - y que no pide ser tomado demasiado en serio - es toda una sorpresa.
The legend of the American hero is given a shot in the arm and pat on the back in the old school action/adventure Captain America: The First Avenger.
This 'Star Spangled Man' has a plan: to be the best superhero movie of the year.
Flawless effects - including making a pre-captain Chris Evans look like a twig - plus top performances from the likes of Stanley Tucci, Hugo Weaving and Tommy Lee Jones, ensure an old-fashioned quality to this appealing matinee-style adventure.
It was the right choice to leave this film set in the 1940s during World War II. Not only was it good for this film, but it's a great setup for "The Avengers."
A good, old-fashioned American story.
The best attempt thus far at bringing Cap off the page and onto screens. Too bad it was hamstrung by 'setupforsequelitis.'
In the era of the tortured superhero in movies, it's refreshing to come across one with enthusiasm and a pure spirit.
For the teenage fantasy crowd needing a new hero. But even if it feels like air conditioning in the Arctic, it's plenty entertaining.
Rooted in reality and without the superhero tights, an impressive 3D success. The CGI transformation of Steve Rogers is fantastic. I worry that Stan Lee, through his Hickcock cameos, will appear in perpetuity in all Marvel movies.
After a decade of Dark Knights and doom and gloom predominating the spandex set, it's a relief to see a noble, essentially uncomplicated funny book character, even if the good captain is square as a brick.
It had more heart than 'Iron Man.'
No clever messages here, just bang-on romance and action, with another fresh twist on 20th-century history woven in for the kids to dive into after the credits have rolled.
Even moviegoers suffering from superhero burnout might want to stand up and salute Captain America, which doesn't match the excellence of X-Men: First-Class but ranks ahead of fellow summer stablemates Thor and Green Lantern.
Where are the iconic moments in these movies; the classic lines, the signature set pieces, the golden cues? Brand awareness is high but surely that wasn't the limit of the new studio's ambition?
It doesn't try too hard for irony or style; the comic-book sensibility remains pure, square, and happily stupid.
... the best superhero comic-book movie since...well, ever.
This one is okay, but I'm a little burnt out on the whole superhero thing.
Captain America takes you back to the simplicity of a Saturday morning serial where you cheered the hero and booed the villain.
Altogether inferior to Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds.
The final conflict is so protracted as to comfortably accommodate a bathroom break. Don't worry. You won't miss anything you haven't seen before.
He's got the buff body, noble intentions and cool costume, but not much more. Captain America makes for a better propaganda symbol than superhero.
Capitão América é apenas uma promessa de filme - e caberá a Os Vingadores fazer jus a esta promessa.
Joe Johnston delivers the squarest Marvel adaptation of the current cycle, and it's the film's pulp sense of adventure and the characters' old-fashioned decorum that make it so satisfying.
Traditional Second World War thrillers meet the superhero era head on in Captain America - and the result is the first must-see blockbuster of the summer.
about as good as we could expect it to be, if not more so given that its hero is certainly one of the blandest and least psychologically complex in the Marvel universe
It's not as cool as Iron Man, doesn't have the brains of The Dark Knight or the looks of Thor, but it's got enough Ka-pow! to make you relish the inevitable sequel. Job done.
Evans is unprecedentedly touching and engaging for a superhero - and the rest of the cast help this adventure seem something close to character-driven instead of just being a bundle of stunts.
These characters aren't just stick figures to fill in the time between the next set-piece; they talk, and argue, and appear to inhabit actual personalities.
Far fleeter than most of its current comic-book-movie rivals, Captain America has some of the same rollicking Saturday-matinee spirit as Raiders of the Lost Ark, even if it can't match the earlier film's pace and panache.
If this is only The First Avenger, then bring on the rest of them.
Marvel are having a bumper year. After surprising us all with the hugely enjoyable Thor they've only gone and done it again.
The movie proves a solid if not superb opening salvo for the weakling-turned-super soldier.
No one is going to pretend that this is art, psychologically profound or anything other than preposterous. It is a popcorn movie, but much better than most of its kind.
It ain't trailblazing, but it's solidly enjoyable.
Political correctness, flamethrowers and Wagner!
Hugely enjoyable and superbly written, this is a thrilling action-adventure that gets everything right...
Solid, efficient, often anachronistic: Captain America is earthbound when it needs to soar.
Familiar, but great performances and pitch-perfect tone make this one of Marvel's best.
The Captain isn't perfect, but he's the equal of Thor and loads better than the Green Lantern: he's the summer's pre-eminent superhero.
Captain America, directed by veteran Joe Johnston (The Rocketeer, October Sky, Hidalgo) delivers the goods in an engaging fashion.
War movie clichés, gung ho derring-do and seamless special effects all fit together well in a pleasingly retro environment that boasts enough sci-fi paraphernalia to put an end to the argument that it may be too old-fashioned.
While it's not the greatest superhero movie ever made, Captain America fittingly sets the stage for 2012's megamovie and - more importantly - nicely side-steps its potential pitfalls.
Joe Johnston's adaptation of the Marvel comic book exalts the virtues of optimism, decency, and perseverance in a rousing adventure of old-fashioned adolescent exuberance.
At least Captain America has a stab at being an independent, original creation before it falls back on the same old go-to's with their same old eye patches.
Chris Evans plays Steve Rogers with the appropriate amount of earnestness and the art direction and costume design sell the 1940s as seen through a comic-book lens.
The effects work...integrates flawlessly with the rich, muted retro-themed colour palette of cinematographer Shelly Johnson, one of the few lensers able to work the darkening effect of the 3D process to the film's advantage.
As superhero flicks go, the first half of Captain America -- the one that counts -- is well above average. But the real superheroics here belong to the F/X team.
It's for anyone who can respond to the thrill of a big, bold adventure movie with a sense of fun.
The film does have its thrilling moments and iconic images, but, as directed by Joe Johnston, it's very much a storybook film.
Captain America paints a simple tale of goodies versus baddies with none of the depth, humor or class of Marvel's earlier X-Men summer offering.
Johnston should be saluted for old-fashioned heart in a cynical age, while Marvel should be confined to barracks for cynical marketing.
Pure, unashamed, adrenaline-fuelled joy, with a revelatory lead turn that should nudge Chris Evans towards being a top-tier action hero.
Pacy and punchy, but not quite a knockout.
None of it, however, would work without Evans' easy charm. His appeal is different to his Marvel stable mates; he is modest, kind and, ahem, a virgin (this is certainly not the persona Evans has given off in other films).
For starters, a comic book story set during World War Two offers a perfect opportunity to banish irony, make use of Nazis as bad guys, and cheer on an all-American hero. Chris Evans is well cast in the leading role, as he not only embodies the physical...
The best superhero movie of the summer - good acting, good special effects, good storyline, and a heaping dollop of patriotism.
It is a good superhero origin story, a bit better than the last such Marvel movie, 'Thor.'
A gorgeous-looking movie, especially in 3D.
Paramount and Marvel merged their creative juices just right as I found Captain America: The First Avenger very entertaining
[E]normously entertaining... deft and witty... [C]heering and poignant at the same time, recalling the promise of a future that ended up going in a different direction...
Tommy Lee Jones and Hayley Atwell end up stealing the show. That's not a good thing for Captain and Red Skull.
The production design is fantastic, the period setting works, and there's enough charm to allow the film to feel unique enough to justify its existence.
[A] clean, unpretentious, brawnily entertaining fantasia.
It's simple, but effective and engaging.
The super hero recipe is the Marvel gift that keeps giving and Captain America sticks to it with the best ingredients it can find by way of cast, to deliver a star spangled burger with the lot
A few flashes of greatness appearing throughout, all but ruined by one of the worst 3D transfers of the year
Taps into the idea that deep down we all want to dress up and play hero.
While not a terrible film, Captain America lacks edge necessary to excite viewers.
Sadly, rather than hyping up The Avengers, it left me ruing the fact that we won't see more period Captain America films.
Oh man, it is a great film. It is pretty much exactly what I wanted.
A fun and snappy introduction to one of the seminal heroes of the Marvel Universe and a nice last note before next year's Avengers film. Captain America is one of the more successful of the Marvel superhero movies.
The movie is an engaging sensation I didn't want to see end, and when the Avengers do finally assemble summer 2012 here's hoping they're initial engagement is half as thrilling a spectacle as this one proved to be.
"A film that, while never straying too far from comic book movie formula, still manages to be satisfying as both origin story and standalone adventure."
Hating on Captain America just isn't American. Go ahead and move to Canada; I'm sure they have some magical Mountie who's thwarting evil loggers.
Captain America's rousing first half proves Chris Evans was the right choice to play the Star Spangled hero.
Worst Superhero movie of the summer. Movie spends too much time showing a contempt for the character and is hampered by a script that gives too much away in the wrong places.
I liked the film. I like almost any film where someone warns the villain, "You cannot control the power you hold! You will burn!"
Director Johnston once again channels Steven Spielberg, this time for a raucously entertaining Indiana Jones-style adventure. With the energetic punch of a vintage serial, it actually leaves us wanting more.
The chief strength of this production has to be the superb casting choices for the key roles. Evans has a screen charisma that goes beyond his ruggedly handsome frame and piercing blue eyes. He displays a sense of humor and a warm gentle decency.
This film succeeds where most comic book adaptations fail: a love story you actually feel, a mostly cohesive story and a believable superhero who manages to inspire all without being too far out of reach.
In a year filled with superhero flicks, this one feels a little bit special.
It delivers the comic book action required.
... a fast-moving, gee-whiz adventure that mixes plot elements from 'The Incredible Hulk" and 'Raiders of the Lost Ark' with retro-futuristic art design that rivals 'Sky Captain & the World of Tomorrow.'
Slightly flawed, but ultimately worth seeing for its unique feel, period detail, and compelling central character.
Comic book fans are likely to appreciate Captain America, which does a good job of consolidating the disparate origin aspects of the character into something easily digestible.
What makes "Captain America" interesting is that it is simultaneously a war movie and a superhero movie, executing all the trappings of both very well.
If you get bored during this film (I certainly did, despite all the eye candy on screen) you can amuse yourself by deciding which of the characters has the worst German accent.
The light touch of self-parody serves the movie well.
The movie looks wonderful.
Kudos, then, to the creators of Captain America's big-screen blockbuster for keeping the action rooted in the past; except for some brief present-day bookends.
The only problem is that we've been there -- been nearly everywhere Captain America goes -- in countless previous movies.
When all these bland Marvel Comics franchise movies blur together in memory, it won't prove that they amounted to one great epic master narrative, but that they're all indistinguishable.
Director Joe Johnston has fun with the myth of Captain America.
The best superhero movie since the banner year of 2008, and the most purely enjoyable of them since that summer's effervescent Iron Man.
What lingers most about Captain America is its innocent, throwback ethos, a firm, unqualified embrace of the Little Guy.
A thrilling, exciting and enormously entertaining blockbuster that delivers plenty of exhilarating action, solid performances and the right amount of comic relief.
With its mix of World War II nostalgia, Bam-Pow comic book sensibilities, underdog determination and red-white-and-blue battle scenes, Captain America: The First Avenger is the best Marvel superhero flick since the first Iron Man.
Scrawny Steve is such a guileless and likeable little dude that his sweetness endures long past the super-sizing.
Solid, stylish superhero saga that's more fun than 'Thor,' 'Green Hornet' and 'Green Lantern.'
Comic book adventure mixes patriotism, explosive action.
Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely... whip up a Captain America story that often feels like its only purpose is to deliver Steve Rogers into the 21st century.
What we don't have is a very compelling movie, or much of a leading man.
Joe Johnston -- returning to the vibe of his first directorial effort, The Rocketeer (1991) -- creates a fun retro-futurist environment with a World War II setting, and he has the discernment not to let the effects overwhelm the story.
Despite all the advance hype preceding its release, Captain America, yet another 3-D Marvel Comics concoction, straggles onto the screen with little reason to exist except as a marketing machine.
I've always rather liked Captain America. Not due to any jingoistic BS, but because I'm a cynic, and Cap isn't.
Captain America is a medal-worthy joy, the best Marvel movie in years. Top that Joss.
Despite deplorable 3D that mutes the colors and an ill-advised ending, this is a very entertaining film.
[it] generally moves along with moxie, charm, gobs of special effects and stunt work, and fond memories of the USO style shows that sold war bonds and boosted support in the battle against the Nazis. Yes, there's even some singing and dancing.
Add all of those positive attributes together and you've got a motion picture that rivals X-Men: First Class as the most impressive comic book adaptation of the summer.
"Captain America" fails to capitalize on the nostalgia of the character. Sure, cinematically he is treated respectfully, but it feels more like an obligation and chore rather than a labor of love.
In a no muss, no fuss kind of way, Captain America becomes one of the best comic book movies of all time.
On a scene-to-scene basis though, Captain America is lumpy and formless.
A forced love angle and vapid dialogue dooms Captain America.
Instead of mailing in a half-hearted origin story ... Joe Johnston went ahead and turned his Captain America film into a rousing period thriller that expands on the Marvel mythology while also working as a standalone summer blockbuster.
Captain America packs a comic, moralistic and patriotic punch that's well worth watching, regardless of your interest in further following the Marvel adventure.
The flick's action sequences and cinematography save the film from the awful pacing and cheesy romance. The real star is the shield! Stay away from the post-converted 3D.
[A] so-so experience.
A work of pure pop bubblegum pleasure--a rousing, thrilling, and thoroughly satisfying summer blockbuster that puts most of its multiplex-mates to shame.
Captain America: The First Avenger is the movie adaptation fans of the comic book have been waiting for.
It actually went so far as to remind me of days of old, where action heroes were valiant and adorable, and you just want them to kick the bad guy's butts and get the girl.
Lacks the zip and excitement of the other Avengers movies
While not a terrible film, Captain America lacks the edge necessary to truly capture viewers' imagination.
After a rash of immature, bad-boy cinematic superheroes … a hero for whom decency, humility and self-sacrifice come naturally is a breath of fresh air.
Saddled with a boring present-day prologue and an anti-climactic present-day epilogue that leaves the movie without an ending.
Captain America earns a thumbs up because of... well, because of Captain America.
It's symptomatic of the problem that the film spends more time figuring out how to set up a different franchise than how to make us care about this one.
"Captain America" smashingly layers superhero stuff such as magic serums atop a wry appreciation for campy WWII propaganda and '60s cinematic rousers that kept Richard Burton, Robert Shaw and Lee Marvin constantly employed.
Enjoyable enough for what it is, but clearly and certainly nothing special (Full Content Parental Review also available)
[The hero's] transformation from commonplace but with personality to bulky but generally nondescript echoes the movie's own shift.
In a summer that seemingly has seen a new comic book adaptation every other week, it's a toss-up whether "Captain America: The First Avenger" or "Green Lantern" is the weakest of the bunch.
Thanks to solid performances and a script that is clever, funny and respectful of the source material, this origin story is the best comics-to-screen adaptation since "Batman Begins".
An old-fashioned adventure film that, while admittedly a little cheesy, is packed with the same charm and wit of the studio's other movies.
It's all directed with appropriate enthusiasm by Johnston, whose charming period adventure The Rocketeer clearly made him the guy to direct a Captain America movie.
The small things -- from the leading man to '40s flourishes -- are what make the movie work. If only Johnston had sweated the big stuff as well.
While it never hits the craptastic depths of something like "Green Lantern," most people are likely to come away from it thinking that it could have and should have been a lot better than it is.
One of the biggest issues is that Captain America isn't all that super.
Guided by the steadiest hand Joe Johnston has shown in years, Captain America explodes into the action movie you've been waiting all summer to see.
Rather than fight against the character's flag-waving, Nazi-busting roots, the movie embraces them, going back to the early '40s to remind us what made the "greatest generation" so great.
Captain America: The First Avenger is pretty good, insofar as it's not nearly as terrible as it seemed destined to be.
Captain America's metabolism, Peggy tells him, burns energy four times faster than the average person's. The movie's metabolism burns out.
Clean-cut, well intentioned and downright gorgeous, today's Captain America is a throwback to the good old-fashioned heroic ideal.
At least offers a bit of a diversion on the long, slow march to next summer's The Avengers.
Yes, the characters are cartoonish (they're comic book heroes, after all), but this is the kind of old-fashioned popcorn entertainment summer is made for.
Although "Captain America" has all the special effects technology of a modern-day superhero movie, it plays like it was made in the 1940s, when characters were allowed to breathe and not every fight scene was shot like a music video.
Captain America isn't a masterpiece, but it's a solidly crafted, elegant adventure movie that held my attention from start to finish and sent me out into the street energized instead of enervated.
Those who want to accentuate Captain America as a blueprint for how comic book movies should be made, must footnote such hyperbolic statements with an asterisk referring to the first half. Cause the second half puts a noose onto all its momentum.
Almost half of the film's running time elapses before Rogers gets any kind of power at all, and though its elements are awfully familiar, it's the most involving part of the film because it takes advantage of Evans' performance.
In some ways the best of the Marvel Comics preludes leading up to next year's superhero jamboree, The Avengers.
It's likely to amuse, enthrall and satisfy just about anyone with a sense of fun.
Here's what's missing: tension, drama, and most of all, a sense of wonder. This is a superhero movie, isn't it?
Evans brings just the right amount of confidence and aw-shucks modesty to Rogers, who surely counts as the most appealing Marvel hero.
By finding an ingenious way to streamline a now-familiar genre, Captain America: The First Avenger does his country proud.
A star-spangled superhero from the Norman Rockwell era, Captain America might seem ill-prepared to do battle at the modern box-office... But never underestimate the power of old-fashioned corn.
The most noticeable motif Johnston plays with is the use of a garbage-can lid as a shield: more important than $140 million dollars worth of toys is Johnston's childlike sense of play.
A cheerfully satisfying throwback that embraces the innocence of the comics while adding the spectacle of modern SFX technique.
On almost every level, Captain America is better engineered and more entertaining than the Iron Man or Spider-Man or Batman films. It's a movie that makes you proud to be an American.
From its antagonists to its art direction, everything about Johnston's movie has a been-there, seen-that familiarity. Yet Evans' clean-cut idealism and objectives make old-fashioned patriotism look fresh.
...the right kind of patriotic (the kind that doesn't demean other cultures) and the right shade of nostalgia...
As muscular, stiff, shiny, and dull as its star
A scrappy simulation of American idealism personified by the willingness, nay, the need, to be the first to volunteer whenever the mission requires a sacrifice for the greater good.
The roster of crowd-pleasing elements seems dubiously calculated and ambitiously lengthy, but ultimately, that's no strike against the film, which follows Iron Man's lead in obscuring the calculation behind outsized, gleeful fun.
A tedious star-spangled World War II drama.
Evans, who played the Human Torch in two less-than-fantastic Fantastic Four films, brings such humor, heart and vigor to virtuous Steve that our rooting interest holds even when the action gets to be standard-issue.
Iron Man finally has another Marvel comrade worth sharing a movie with. Captain America: The First Avenger succeeds where Thor didn't and Hulk hasn't, twice. Director Joe Johnston keeps things relatively simple and pleasantly stupid.
Downside is the influence of modern technology, shining up a 1940's hero with glossy 2011 filmmaking tools, making the picture resemble more of a video game than an epic realization of jumbo comic book details.
Overall, it's a lot of fun before it gets somewhat bogged down. But it does redeem itself with a great surprise ending and it's one of the better comic book movies to come along in a while.
Need a top-notch comic-book movie to stop this summer's march of mediocre superheroes? "Captain America: The First Avenger," reporting for duty.
Stirring World War II story of old-fashioned rightness and integrity, saved from corniness by star Chris Evans' sincere performance and director Joe Johnston's imaginative action sequences.
It's paced and designed for people who won't shrivel up and die if two or three characters take 45 seconds between combat sequences to have a conversation about world domination, or a dame.
Tommy Lee Jones isn't distraction enough from the reality that we've been sold a $140 million trailer for a different movie. The egg's a little rotten.
The picture is almost admirably boring, as if director Joe Johnston had wanted to distinguish his movie by not packing it with action, or even bothering much to define the characters.
...sometimes feels like the kiddie version of Inglourious Basterds.
Not a perfect film, but a damn fun one.
A good-humored, unapologetically patriotic take-off on a gung-ho World War II war movie, Marvel's Captain America: The First Avenger may be the best superhero movie of the year.
Of course it's loaded with CGI. It goes without saying it's preposterous. But it has the texture and takes the care to be a full-blown film.
The final piece of the Avengers jigsaw falls efficiently into place: decent acting, decent action, a few too many "we're all heroes inside" platitudes.
Captain America, like its unapologetically corny hero, is propelled by unpretentious and plucky ingenuity.
The mix of WWII style and flashy modern eye candy is no surprise coming from director Joe Johnston.
The homogenized, bland hero belongs in a Barbie Dream House, not a war. He's a cipher at the center of big-budget action that is cartoony, 3-D but never engaging.
Fitfully entertaining, especially the first half, plus a pretty decent villain in Red Skull played by Hugo Weaving, wearing an impressive/scary crimson get-up that looked like it was done through makeup rather than CGI.
Just a good summer movie. No more, no less.
Captain America is a breath of fresh air.
Evans - always a reliably dynamic and vivacious screen presence - can't do much to bring the character to life. As far as superheroes go, Cap remains a bit of a stiff.
"Captain America" is exactly what the third week of July needed: a curiously fun, surprisingly imaginative and unashamedly old-fashioned yarn of skulduggery and adventure.
A capable, if somewhat unremarkable, affair, beset by the same origin-story shortcomings that plagued another U.S.-virtue-via-army-weaponry fable, Iron Man.
Unambiguously embraces its hero's old-fashioned sensibilities, and invites us to embrace them as well
The perfect casting of Evans as well as the original approach to the action ultimately makes up for some of the annoying changes from the source material.
A fun origin story in the Spider-Man model. It's got the heart of an underdog really experiencing the wonder of his new powers. I'm not saying it's as good as Sam Raimi's film, but I'll take a solid copy of that over the likes of Thor.
The least inspired and engaging entry in the summer's superhero onslaught.
The details in Captain America deliver, but the big moments fall flat - you can tell that we're intended to cheer here, to weep there, but the scenes that try hardest to elicit emotions just feel deflated.
You are not in for a giddy, winking, high-flying summer fling. And that's OK -- there's something appealing about such an old-fashioned approach.
The picture is nothing, really, that you haven't seen before, but it's the definition of a square, competent, deliver-the-goods blockbuster.
Captain America succeeds grandly where the others failed.
Captain America is not high art, but it is so unabashedly fun -- and such well-made fun -- that it is hard to not like and admire it for so steadfastly being what it is.
Captain America: The First Avenger neither commits any terrible storytelling offenses nor takes any significant creative risks. If the director and the script took more chances with the material, Marvel could have had their best movie ever.
A rollicking old-fashioned adventure story - two fisted, over the top and filled with retro scifi flair.
Red, white and bland.
In terms of even recent films, Captain America lacks the deft touch, appealing character interaction and sophisticated storytelling skills of Marvel Comics' X-Men: First Class.
By default as much as by design, it's the best superhero story you'll see this year. Let's hope it doesn't just set up the story of The Avengers, but sets a standard for its quality.
Not as good as the first Iron Man, not as bad as Green Lantern, it's almost a necessary, even obligatory panel toward next year's Avengers, but as a stand-alone adventure, it leaves much to be desired.
Feels less like an exciting comic-book-hero movie than required reading for a course called The Avengers, arriving in theaters next summer.
Captain America has a decent amount of heart and retro appeal, although neither can compensate for what is otherwise a rather ordinary comic book film.
[Marvel] saved one of their very best movies for last, and I suspect Captain America: The First Avenger will send audiences out of the theater rabid to see what's next.
Yet another superhero pic but one nicely rooted in history.
[A] hokey, hacky, two-hour-plus exercise in franchise transition/price gouging, complete with utterly unnecessary post-converted 3-D.

@highlight

With plenty of pulpy action, a pleasantly retro vibe, and a handful of fine performances, Captain America is solidly old-fashioned blockbuster entertainment.