This attempt to say something about the struggle between humans and wild animals is too bombastic and unfeeling.
Warns us that an old-fashioned way of life is passing to an encroaching civilization.
While visually stunning, this Chinese French collaboration is melodramatic and narratively disjointed. It is a man-and-his-dog story meets outsider-learning-to-appreciate-a-new culture story, just set in a place unfamiliar to Western audiences.
if the film has a true star, it is the environment itself, which is enormous and daunting, dangerous, yet serene
A true story that manages to seem both mythical and too fantastic to have really happened, Jean-Jacques Annaud's epic 3-D Wolf Totem is ultimately a hymn and a plea for ecological harmony.
The greatest aspect of "Wolf Totem" is the gorgeous, sweeping cinematography that captures the landscape in breathtaking aerial shots and crystal-clear color. The story has its touching moments but dissolves into disjointed melodrama.
The four-legged creatures are more compelling than their two-legged counterparts in this visually stunning 3D adventure.
Annaud and company make a bold environmental statement cloaked in a personal story of one young man's personal growth, change and awareness.
Though Wolf Totem is notable for being a Chinese-scripted-and-shot film that actually offers some kind of critique of the communists, it nevertheless falls into a fairly well-worn story of an outsider growing to appreciate a culture he's come to change.
Presented in IMAX 3D, there are scenes in this film that are literally breathtaking when they are not capturing or breaking the heart.
Something ends up lost in translation. Its aspirations of looking and feeling recognizable end up uncomfortable and embarrassing.
There's no denying the beauty of the film's imagery, violent and tender, or the emotional power of the final moment in the boy-and-his-dog love story.
Characters seem carved from a much larger narrative. The landscape and painstakingly trained wolves are the true stars.
Annaud's adaptation of Jiang Rong's Chinese novel is a visual wonder but a dramatic dud, a cut-and-paste mess of plot snippets, illuminated by the occasional inspired visual conceit.
At the film's core is a quirky love story between the student and the orphan wolf cub he finds and raises.
Epic in scope, yet at the same time intensely intimate in its handling of its protagonist's inner life, it's a unique wildlife tale that sets a tribe of humans against a majestic pack of wolves.
It becomes difficult to separate the natives from their communist masters in terms of their treatment of their natural surroundings.
If it strives too hard for weighty import, Wolf Totem remains an occasionally stirring portrait of Mongolia's wolf population.
Among the outstanding set pieces, the most spectacular is a battle between the wolf pack and mounted herders trying to control a horse stampede in the middle of a blizzard.
Worth seeing just for a spectacular sequence depicting the wolves chasing a herd of prize horses toward a frozen lake during a blinding snowstorm - which appears to have been shot with minimal computer-generated fakery.
Annaud creates a vivid sensory experience that simply doesn't make much of an emotional impact. It's all fur and no fangs.
Wolves, horses and sheep are the principal players in the movie's set pieces, which are powerfully staged and tightly edited, if sometimes oversold by James Horner's bombastic score.
Annaud uses its ultra-realistic Imax 3-D images to frame excellent filmed theater, a well acted, compelling yarn.
The movie lacks the kind of animating vision that would make its big-screen National Geographic covers ... into something more.
Whether it's the expanse of rolling hills and frozen lakes or close-ups of a baby wolf's soft fur, the camera hugs each texture with awe.
A robust yet heart-breaking story of Mongolian wolf packs whose admirable way of life yields to the destructive fury of humans.
The animal footage looks fantastic but the humans are mere cardboard characters and their interactions with the wolves and each other don't prove all that illuminating.
Despite its magnificent natural vistas and some pulse-pounding action in stunning 3D, Wolf Totem boils down to a familiar environmentalist allegory that doesn't move or provoke too deeply.
Jean-Jacques Annaud adds another visually bold adventure tale to his filmography with Wolf Totem.
Wolf Totem itself becomes a pitched battle for supremacy between the breathtaking glories of nature and the grinding banality of man. Here, as ever, nature loses.
Annaud's film can't help itself galloping off in allegorical bursts barely under his control, and intriguingly off-course from the kind of bold messages of national conciliation officially sanctioned Chinese films tend to convey.

@highlight

As a visual experience, Wolf Totem boasts thrills that compensate for the significant narrative sacrifices made in bringing Jiang Rong's novel to the screen.