Unfortunately, Going the Distance doesn't take audiences far enough.
Barrymore carries the movie on a cloud of lusty giggles and F-bombs.
If you've ever had an awkward sexual moment in your life (admit it, you have), this is the movie for you. If you've ever believed there can't be love without the comedy, this is the movie for you.
Barrymore comfortably slips into more filthy talk and situations while bringing her innate sweetness and relatability.
You sort of wind up rooting for them in spite of their characters being somewhat knuckleheadish.
Going the Distance is concocted from a familiar formula. It just happens to be a really good example of what can be done with it.
Much like Drew Barrymore, [this film] is so intent on being cutesy and bubbly that it's nauseating...
...the pervasively affable atmosphere [is] heightened by the palpable chemistry between Long and Barrymore's respective characters.
The combination of a very funny and a little bit raunchy rom-com with the plethora of extras make the package a must to rent or buy.
Not a great film, but in a time when most romantic comedies are trite and predictable, this one at least tries to deal with an actual relationship hurdle.
...being different doesn't necessarily mean being better.
Sex, drugs and F-bombs on the first date...ah, modern romance...
An original film that gets it right when it comes to exploiting both love and laughs.
Going the Distance features the graduation of Justin Long from gawky supporting actor to gawky lead actor, and Drew Barrymore from cutesy rom-com star to cutesy rom-com star with a filthy mouth.
Burstein is a documentarian by training, and she milks an unforced honesty from the story.
Foul-mouthed and funny, 'Going the Distance' is a youthful romance for grownups.
Drew Barrymore and her boy toy try going bicoastal
What are we doing watching this manically dreary, physically nauseating date movie from hell?
If you're looking for a fun date movie with realistic characters you can genuinely root for, see this film. Best rom-com of the year? Quite likely.
Feels too much like a shrugging shuffle around the bases. Scenes are overscored, there are more references to dicks than in a Judd Apatow boxset, and the story's too episodic, with little tension other than will-they-stay-together?
the sequences in which Barrymore and Long share screen time are not as good as when they're separated, which lets some of the air out of their romance
Distance: The Perfect Date Movie.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The beauty of this crude, rude and filled with attitude romantic comedy is that guys and girls will appreciate the vulgar and sometimes very funny humor.
An economy-class Up in the Air.
And here we are right back in romcomsville.
A podcast with the writer of Going the Distance, Geoff LaTulippe.
A long haul.
While it mostly avoids rom-com clichés and is grown-up enough to deal with sex frankly, it's also deeply vanilla and is saved only by an obvious spark between the two leads.
Doesn't go the whole distance. But it's a start.
The only reason you root for a reunion at the end of this unromantic romp is because these two jerks really deserve each other.
Absolutely infuriating. The worst movie of the year.
Sweet without being sticky and with just enough sourness to keep things real, this is a romantic comedy that delivers in both departments.
The film has its share of laughs -- by my count, seven titters and three chuckles.
Clichés aside, this has a fresh, contemporary feel, and the cosy rapport between Barrymore and Long (on/off partners in real-life) makes it an easy ride.
Barrymore and Long are likable, but they aren't likable enough to pull off this screenplay.
What's both refreshing and problematic is that there's no emotional imbalance between boy and girl: their feelings are mutual and the obstacle is purely geographical.
There's not much substance to a thin and rather contrived plot, but there are lots of laugh-out-loud lines -- at least to start with.
Barrymore and Long have a way of bringing out the silliness in each other and luckily, that kind of chemistry goes a long way.
While it's unlikely to be anyone's long-term love, if you're up for a fun, quick fling, it does the trick.
A feelgood breeze kept fresh by winning performances, it's worth going the extra mile for.
Watchable romcom, enlivened by a frequently funny script and strong comic performances from a superb cast, though the script can't quite resolve the problems raised by real life long-distance relationships...
A raunchy rom-com that is surprisingly authentic in its emotions and hilariously obscene.
Sometimes it's sweet, sometimes it's sappy, sometimes it's unbelievably raunchy and occasionally it's rather witty, but none of it melds together particularly well. Often, it's like watching five different movies crammed into one.
The movie doesn't know whether it wants to be sweet or dirty - Nora Ephron or Judd Apatow
Enjoyable, but good, not great.
A charming, but ultimately forgettable romantic comedy. At least this time, there's no sperm donor involved.
Has the stereotypical romantic comedy elements, but rather than turn them into caricatures to get a laugh, the filmmakers take a more realistic approach and it works.
Drew Barrymore and Christina Applegate are tremendously appealing: it's not long before you're wishing Going the Distance was about them.
...it doesn't treat its female lead as if she's an idiot whose professional success is simply proof how inadequate she is without a man.
This is the best of the romantic comedy genre since '(500) Days of Summer.'
Whoever thought they could mix gross toilet-humor and endless vulgarity with romance has done a big injustice to these otherwise likeable lead stars.
It might not be particularly original, but this rom-com at least takes a fresh approach to the formula.
An uneven, painfully contrived and uninspired romantic comedy that's low on laughs and chemistry while high on awkward dirty talk and unnecessary foul language.
'Going the Distance' is an occasionally diverting look at long-distance relationships that takes a few too many shortcuts.
a crass excuse for a film
Edgy Barrymore romcom has lots of sex, language.
I've seen so many romantic comedies over the years it's nice to find one that refuses to bow to conventions while still staying true to the genre in which it inhabits.
As a riotous comedy, Distance falls short, but it still racks up several miles for sweetness.
Romcom - like everything else in this text-happy society - is two words shortened and bonded together. If only the movie was chopped and shortened.
All the bases seem to be covered, but none of them are particularly funny. At best you'll smile out loud.
Z-z-z-z-z-z-z, we must say.
LaTulippe keeps things moving by maintaining the tension these two people, who seem to be perfect for each other, have in not wanting to choose between love and career, with them wisecracking,weeping and being blindsided by their emotional rollercoaster
The film's constant raunch factor balances out its romantic center in a way that will likely surprise and please many.
If Drew Barrymore and Justin Long have as much fun being romantically involved in real life as they do on screen, they should be together for a long time.
Barrymore just keeps getting better with age, both with her looks and her comedic timing --- and the writing soars above the commonplace.
[T]ries too hard to be cute, and the desperation -- "Please like me!" the movie is practically screaming -- becomes a turnoff.
Plays like the work of soulless hacks who put a conventional romantic-comedy script through some sort of Judd Apatow computer program before enacting it for the cameras.
A rom-combo of frat boy humor, generic romance and career angst, underscoring a sex commuter comedy with lovers flying across the country for visits. All that's missing is some snakes on a plane.
The raison d'être of Going the Distance is exploring long-distance relationships. What a shame, then, that it has nothing much to say on the subject that isn't completely obvious.
Hilarious in many individual scenes. It's the first movie I can ever remember being less than the sum of its parts.
A surprisingly funny movie. It's not great, not by a long shot. But it made me laugh on a much more regular basis than I expected.
Self-conscious and filled with coarse vulgarity, as a romantic comedy, it's a disappointment.
Long and Barrymore create very realistic chemistry in a film that pretty much nails what's it like to be in a long distance relationship. Though, Charlie Day steals the movie.
A wan romantic comedy about the difficulties inherent in long-distance relationships and touches on every cliché in the handbook.
Documentary filmmaker Nanette Burstein brings a refreshing frankness to the goings-on (you don't see many rom-coms where people do bong hits on their first date and aren't punished for it), and the leads are awfully winning.
Particularly forgettable.
Acknowledges both the difficulty and the comic potential of the arrangement, and does so with enough insight and charm to make you wonder why frequent-flier love is not a more popular theme in romantic comedies.
It's not exactly re-inventing the wheel but it's still a pleasant surprise.
It's heartless and soulless, flimsy and formulaic.
As chances are dim that we may see another romantic comedy as funny and as close to honest as this all year, we should celebrate Going the Distance while we have the chance.
The entire cast consists of able-bodied comedians, and a great deal of the movie has been improvised, so the laughs keep coming.
(This) funny-but-forgettable movie loses its way somewhere between stowing the carry-on and returning the tray tables to the locked position.
It's filthy, funny and kind of sweet, if not quite up to the level of Judd Apatow's oeuvre in the burgeoning field of R-rated comedies with heart.
It smothers the already frail story of their characters' long-distance relationship with enough R-rated gross-out humor for half a dozen Judd Apatow movies -- except that virtually none of it is funny.
It's a solid but totally forgettable entertainment, redeemed somewhat by Barrymore's loud, horsey laugh and some agreeably racy comic situations.
Justin Long and Drew Barrymore have a believable chemistry that makes Going the Distance worth going to. More or less.
This empty, immature romantic comedy ultimately feels as if it's filled with all the hot air that separates New York and San Francisco, yet still manages to be a suffocating bore.
The laughs kept me involved in Going the Distance, but after I left the theater, it occurred to me that this slight comedy hadn't gone very far at all.
... amiable enough thanks to the two stars, here at their most likeable ...
Most rom-coms are fairy tales from start to finish; this one shows that you can keep things down-to-earth and still have a completely satisfying resolution.
The long distance aspect was interesting, accurate, and mined for maximum comic effect.
Going the Distance occupies a happy medium where we don't necessarily really live, but like to think we could. In short, it's better than you're expecting.
A reminder of what the genre can accomplish when it stays true to a premise that actually has relevance to and basis in reality.
While it takes its sweet time in doing the titular thing, 'Going the Distance' has enough charm and laughs to warrant a recommendation. (Parental Review also Available)
It's about time someone made a romantic comedy about long distance relationships. The set-up is ripe with both comic and dramatic possibilities, dueling polarities that Going the Distance mines equally.
May not exactly rock the conventions of the rom-com, but it is a refreshingly vibrant addition to the genre
One of the things I liked best about the film is how it is grounded in the grim economics of the newspaper and recording industries.
Might be the most honest and accomplished romantic comedy so far this year.
They're either trying to copy someone else's personality or they mistakenly think they're being original. At least they don't have sex with bras on. That's realistic.
The best news about the script is that it avoids the usual rom-com staples of misunderstandings and incompetence.
A relationship movie in which the f-bomb gets dropped about once a minute and the screen is dotted with bare derrieres (male).
Captures the harshness and the sweetness of our time.
Going The Distance offers up a genuine, well-observed romance that is often very funny and profane.
The conflict is unsatisfying and its resolution moot.
Going the Distance is a reminder of the sorry state of the rom-com, where gross scenes and easy-to-write trash talk have replaced smart dialogue.
This premise, with better writing, could have made a much more compelling movie.
An R-rated romance that has its moments but is ultimately trying a little too hard (something Barrymore, with her trademark lightness, never does).
A foul-mouthed rom-com carved from Apatowian intent, but it feels more like a sketch of a movie than the real thing.
The novelty of seeing Barrymore and Long onscreen together wears off quickly, and then the picture has to work on its own merits -- which, unfortunately, are few.
There's rat-a-tat dialogue in "Going the Distance," but it's kept small-caliber, and the film does not kid itself -- or us -- about how much hard work is required to keep a flickering flame of feeling alive in the face of a big, cold world.
The film gets many things so right about the conflicts faced by a two-career couple looking for work in a shrinking economy.
There's just not quite enough to the movie: not enough jokes, not enough obstacles, not enough sex.
In the end, the movie feels confused, conflicted and muddled. It winds up pleasing almost no one.
Between this movie and her fascinating performance in HBO's Grey Gardens, Barrymore, at 35, is becoming a serious comedic actor.
a standard-issue, relationship-thin rom-com that hopes its potty mouth will distance itself from the competition
Every time Going the Distance goes for the big dirty joke, the movie loses all rhythm. When it follows its heart, it works rather well.
Purists who say that modern romantic comedies are too often crude for the sake of being crude have fresh evidence in Going the Distance.
It all looks so effortless, it's a wonder that movies like Going The Distance are such an anomaly.
Going The Distance doesn't redefine cinematic romance, but it balances the sweet and sour moments of its story very well.
There's also some gallows humor about the record and newspaper industries, but overall this is a light, genial comedy about denial and self-defense.
Barrymore and Long are both appealing, but not enough to sustain audience interest in the cinematic equivalent of dry-humping.
The couple-surrounded-by-quirky-friends dynamic is as obvious as the movie's New York locales and well-positioned indie band posters.
Going the Distance, a new romantic comedy from doco director Nannette Burstein, is pretty much wall to wall with dirty talk, but it doesn't seem to have a political or social point to make; which makes it feel a little empty.
There is not much substance to Geoff LaTulippe's screenplay, which mostly falls back on Apatow-style sex jokes and pop-culture riffs.
Going the Distance quickly picks up pace to become a lively, edgier-than-usual Hollywood comedy.
Going the Distance superficially resembles a genre film, but is hipper, edgier and about 40 I.Q. points higher than the average romantic comedy
Lest you think this is some sappy "chick flick," be warned: "Going the Distance" has a lot more in common with the raunchy male-bonding comedy "The Hangover" than it does with "You've Got Mail."
A little too obviously inspired by Judd Apatow's success at mixing romance and raunch ... confuses dirty with cool and improv-ready characters with real people.
An aspiring journalist and a music-industry slacker discover the many downsides of long-distance romance in this formulaic comedy, which relies too heavily on the charm of stars Drew Barrymore and Justin Long.
Screenwriter Geoff LaTulippe's story of a recession-era long-distance relationship and its hurdles takes its characters seriously.
If you've no frequent-flier miles, there's little need to go the distance with this bumpy ride.
In terms of tone and style, the finished product ends up all over the place: Think of it as the Sybil of romantic comedies.
The funniest, sweetest romantic comedy since (500) Days of Summer, Going the Distance feels blessedly relaxed.
Going the Distance is a truly modern romantic-gross-out-comedy.
Going the Distance may be a minor movie, but it's also the rare romantic comedy in which you can actually believe what you're seeing.
Garrett and Erin meet cute over a game of Centipede, though their subsequent long-distance romance breeds mainly a desire to see them and their friends suffer Human Centipede-style torment.
The surprisingly vulgar humor is at odds with the story's sweetness, and smacks of trying too hard.
From the corny 'see what we did there?' title to a plot that's as predictable as a transatlantic flight-path, this is a truly join-the-dots romcom.
[It does] that one thing that a romance absolutely has to do -- touch us.
Just because you tart up a typical romantic comedy with trash talk doesn't make it edgy or real.
Coming in midway between 'Up in the Air' and 'Failure to Launch,' this comedy about a long-distance romance neither soars nor crashes and burns...not great and not terrible, just mediocre.
It doesn't have the emotion or tenderness of Burstein's American Teen, and where the LA Times predicted the next (500) Days Of Summer, we're left instead with a bog-standard chick-flick, as light and superficial as you'd usually expect.
To date, no motion picture has adequately captured the soaring highs and devastating lows associated with a long distance relationship, but Going the Distance comes as close as any movie has.
It's funny, I was just remarking to a friend the other day that more romantic comedies should make Hitler/Zyklon B references. Going the Distance, GET OUT OF MY HEAD!
...it's simply the best romantic comedy of the year so far. It's adorable, of its time and laugh out loud funny.
Nanette Burstein reminds us she was previously a director of documentaries by occasionally shooting with a handheld camera for no discernible reason.
The writing here is really quite endearing and Burstein's use of hand-held camera in several scenes helps add spontaneity to the proceedings that enlivens what could have been otherwise stale material.
While occasionally opting for cheap laughs, this romantic comedy is entertaining, warm and feels surprisingly rooted in real life.
And thus the romantic comedy slump continues.
I'm surprised Barrymore and Long signed up for this gig. Perhaps the chance to work opposite each other was too irresistible. Either that, or the million-dollar pay cheques.
This kind of film all boils down to charm and both Long and Barrymore do an excellent job of playing people it's easy to actually like.
Evokes the sensation of witnessing a couple who think everything the other person does is superlatively amusing, but are insufferable to all around them.
Barrymore and Long are adorable together.
Romantic comedies aren't written any more. They're compiled - cut and pasted together from bits and pieces of old Judd Apatow and Nora Ephron bromances and chick flicks.
Be prepared to be underwhelmed by this contrived romantic comedy that falls as flat as the dining room table on which Drew Barrymore and Justin Long make out
The funny stuff is canceled out by too many story-intensive stretches, which dispense with the humor and make the movie feel as long as Braveheart.
A grittier, saltier than usual rom-com populated with laughs, smarts and a couple you can root for.
Helmer Nanette Burstein comes from documentaries and so the film is more grounded in realistic detail, but as a comedy, it's rather flat and neither funny nor insightful enough about its subject.
Manages to be interesting as well as amusing, and there are good performances from both Drew Barrymore and Justin Long at the core of it.
This potentially thoughtful, poignant relationship film quickly loses its nerve.
Barrymore goes from Grey Gardens to this mess. I wanted all the characters to die violent deaths.
It's hard to imagine any romantic comedy going wrong in so many different ways.
A bicoastal comedy with a bit of a bipolar disorder.

@highlight

It's timelier and a little more honest than most romantic comedies, but Drew Barrymore and Justin Long's screen chemistry doesn't make up for Going the Distance 's overall flatness.