Voyeur makes apt use of a storytelling device more commonly associated with fiction: the unreliable narrator.
If documentaries are supposed to highlight shadowed parts of society, Voyeur shines a light on a decidedly disturbing and dark story.
Documentary directors Myles Kane and Josh Koury skillfully reflect this game of complicity and suspicion, alternating interviews and scenes of daily life... [Full review in Spanish]
I still heartily recommend Voyeur on the strength of its subject matter, as it transcends any quibbles I have with the execution.
Voyeur also gains whole other layers beyond what directors Myles Kane and Josh Koury likely intended, simply because of the time in which it's being released.
Offbeat, mature docu has lots of sex, language.
By the film's end you may well find yourself shocked that both men allowed the directorial duo to keep filming for as long as they did.
The result is a remarkable profiling of two people who, Voyeur suggests, have far more in common than either would imagine.
These cameramen are journalists.
The film is a bit of self-referential jumble which works best as a thinkpiece about the Faustian deal between writer and subject.
The documentary is fascinating in an admittedly prurient way for the first half or so, then shifts and becomes compelling in an even larger, more relevant context.
Enthralling look at literary lion Gay Talese.
In that discomfortingly close range between the unlikeliest of friends, and between rapture and repulsion, the film finds its compelling edge.
Uneven but often strangely compelling.
The question of what exactly to do with all this material escapes the filmmakers, just as it did Talese.
Ostensibly a portrait of looking, the movie only sees its own reflection.
It's an entertainingly desperate joust, playing out beneath defiantly unattractive lighting.
The thematic strings don't quite come together in the end, but it's fascinating watching them unravel.
Voyeur is not a gratifying documentary, the kind that makes us feel happy the truth came out.
Everyone's at cross purposes, the subjects' words as loaded with unspoken intent as the directors' damning comparative edits.
It's hard to come away from the film feeling anything but disdain and a twinge of embarrassment toward Gay Talese.
The filmmakers would rather have their aged subjects talk about motivation and morality, which is ultimately far more interesting than any purportedly mind-blowing dip into the life of a man who wanted only to watch people.
A provocative portrait of a journalistic train wreck.
... packed beyond vacancy with discussions of weighty topics like authorial intent, truth in journalism, and media manipulation.
"Voyeur" leaves you intrigued but not fully satisfied. There's a third voyeur here: the movie itself. It keeps staring, trying to make sense of the bizarre tale it shows us, but it never quite breaks through the glass and touches it.

@highlight

Absorbing, unpredictable, and overall compelling, Voyeur is a singularly unusual -- and utterly memorable -- documentary experience.