Buy the soundtrack. Avoid this film.
The movie is carried by the two hard-dancing leads, whose sweat-soaked strutting demands attention.
Rich in period detail, it's as transportative to the shuffling spins, fashion subculture and euphoric, amphetamine-fuelled all-nighters of 1974 Lancashire and the cult-following DJs of the Wigan Casino as a documentary, turned up to 11.
Disaffected youth and music go together like - well, there's actually no better simile. So how else to describe British director Elaine Constantine's first film? For one thing, it's got a well-defined sense of place and time.
The cast is mostly made of newcomers, and they are very good indeed.
Every last detail feels authentic, from the slightly unfashionable clothes to the cramped rooms in which John and his friends sort through records and piles of pills.
It's best to not quibble with the details and just enjoy the sights and sounds of this period drama.
The film has a ferocious, shaggy energy that mirrors that of the testosterone-, amphetamine- and adrenaline-pumped boys.
Where this movie comes up short is in bringing any kind of real life to its bildungsroman side.
The first feature from writer-director Elaine Constantine, herself a Northern soul veteran, the film follows a fairly familiar innocent-led-astray storyline.
Funny and feisty, gritty and sometimes grim, this first feature from the photographer Elaine Constantine delivers a sweaty snapshot of a very specific time and place.
A revealing if disappointingly thin and histrionic drama about a couple of 18-year-old guys who gamble their dreams and future on riding a wave of youthful passion for soul music.
While the dynamics of John and Matt's troubled friendship are nothing new, Northern Soul does a fine job of creating their world ...
The convincing atmosphere, performances and soundtrack of vintage Yank R&B obscurities make this an enjoyable throwback to a scene whose influence if not its fame eventually traveled far.
This project was clearly a labor of love for Constantine, but it is hard not to conclude that her original documentary idea might have had a lot more passion than this flat-footed fictional treatment.
"Northern Soul" feels driven by youthful energy.
Brilliantly captures the amphetamine-fuelled energy and sweat-soaked fervour of 1970s northern England's soul music scene.
Newcomer Langridge does an excellent job of making John grow up through the course of the film, subtly moving him from mouse to man through a gradual increase in confidence.
The plot is ropey but the soundtrack is fantastic. Whitehouse shows great screen presence and the likes of Steve Coogan, Ricky Tomlinson and Lisa Stansfield add some colour to the supporting roles.
A drama set around a cultural movement in 1970s Britain, this film captures the period beautifully, but its story is so underdeveloped that it leaves the fresh young cast without proper characters or relationships to play.
Definitely worth a spin.
The music is fantastic (well, it'd have to be) and just about manages to cover up the film's many flaws.
It also isn't a film of light and dark. It's dark and then darker again, with no humour or sense of joy.
The photographer Elaine Constantine is a long-time fan of the Northern Soul scene, and it shows in every frame of her directorial debut, a buzzing love letter to the enduring, exclusive underground movement.
For aficionados, Northern Soul will be a memory-stirring treat, even if, like its predecessor SoulBoy (2010), it doesn't have the legs to go the full distance.
Northern Soul is, in short, a roaring, chaotic, often unintelligible mess.
Like a British Saturday Night Fever, it captures the look, energy and exuberance of a youth culture, while not shying away from the more violent and amphetamine-fuelled darker sides.
Every other scene showcases a northern treasure (Coogan, Thomson, Tomlinson, Stansfield) and looks, feels and - crucially - sounds true to its sweaty-hazy, slightly cramped corner of history.
While the storyline is a little underpowered, it's so packed with vinyl gems (Edwin Starr, The Salvadores, Frankie Valli) that Northern Soul fans will be doing backdrops in the aisles.
This passionate evocation of the '70s northern soul scene hits bum notes for character and story.
A Northern Saturday Night Fever? Oh, go on then.
It's impossible not to get a sense for that vigour, that blissful vehemence that comes with discovering new music at such an impressionable age.
This feisty, frequently amusing chronicle of one young man's journey through the dancehalls of Lancashire nails its time and place.
Even if the plot is slight, Northern Soul scores big with its soundtrack.
Sporadically engrossing, its highlight is a brilliant recreation of an all-night dance-a-thon at that northern soul mecca, the legendary Wigan Casino.

@highlight

Northern Soul overcomes its spotty narrative with a likable cast, rich period atmosphere, and a killer soundtrack that perfectly captures the time.