Deprived of sympathetic characters, thrills, and Edwards' skilled touch, the film makes for a disappointing follow-up to some impressive sci-fi cinema.
Basically it's a war movie with four or five shots of giant monsters. The film would be exactly the same without them. And the characters are underwritten and unmemorable.
Monsters are few and far between, and Dark Continent was an offensive name given to Africa by 19th century Europeans, so why exactly this film is called "Monsters: Dark Continent" is anyone's guess.
The evidence suggests director Tom Green is more a fan of Kathryn Bigelow and Terrence Malick than of Ray Harryhausen; that's not a bad thing, unless your Bigelow-influenced monster movie is pretentious and dreary.
The sub-Apocalypse Now existential/colonial angst lacks any form of grounding, despite committed performances from the core cast who engage in much tooth-baring, breast-beating, and shouty soul-searching.
A glum, ear-splitting rehash of familiar elements from The Hurt Locker and Saving Private Ryan with the slippery aliens as a side dish rather than a great threat.
There are some inventive moments along the way, but these are interspersed with lots of posturing, yelling and brawling.
It all makes for a powerful metaphor for the human condition during wartime, executed with remarkable skill, confidence and an astute fantasy feel.
It's a monstrous misfire.
One to miss.
If the idea is to show that war makes monsters of us all, then writer-director Tom Green can't quite seem to bring his film to say it.
A desert-set men-on-a-mission movie complete with jabbering jihadis, macho hysteria and the occasional extraterrestrial waving its tentacles in the background as if to say: 'Isn't this supposed to be about me?'
Ambitiously staged and impressively shot, Monsters: Dark Continent makes a bold stab at mounting a franchise but lacks the vision and surprise of its predecessor.
Suffers from a terrible case of cinematic aphasia. Clearly thinks it's saying something important and deep, but makes no damn sense at all.
The CGI effects are sensational, teaming with the beautiful, landscape-rich cinematography to create some stunning imagery. It's a shame it feels underutilized with this script full of war clichés and unsympathetic characters.
Although Edwards is onboard for the new "Monsters: Dark Continent" as an executive producer, the sequel bears no resemblance to his original, thematically or stylistically.
...the film turns into something along the lines of American Alien-Sniper, but without the endlessly arguable ethical ambiguity.
Actually has more in common with a film like Jarhead, and that's not a compliment
a sequel that takes a promising original concept and reduces its worth, rather than building on the mythology
Plays like a dorm-room answer to modern war films, complete with the constant profanity and masculine hysterics that pass for impact in an immature script.
It's taxing to watch, and Green moves between scenes with Malick-inspired ellipses, frustrating momentum.
Whatever the filmmakers' subtextual intentions may be, the film certainly gets stronger and more compelling as it goes on, thanks in part to intense emoting on the part of its cast.
There are far better alien movies, war movies, and war/alien movies than Dark Continent, which never hits the marks of its 2010 predecessor.
This works as a standalone picture with its own distinctive take on alien invasion but also expands what now seem like a franchise with potential to deliver more and varied snapshots of human behaviour in extreme circumstances.
A crushing disappointment that's more war drama than monster movie, inexplicably distancing its main attractions from the narrative and letting dull, derivative characters spew even duller, more derivative clichés in place of any discernible story.
A wildly unpleasant and uneven picture, working to diminish the pieces of this cinematic universe, not expand it like a righteous sequel should.
Very much a film of two halves.
For all of its differences Green's film at least feels like a spiritual successor to Evans', and providing you make it through the first half (it's a long one), there is still plenty to admire.
This is just every generic Middle East war movie of the last decade, with occasional monster asides and unearned stabs at PTSD pathos.
To be fair, there is a fair amount of visual spectacle, the action sequences are quite well mounted, and the last act is admittedly more interesting than what has preceded it, but honestly, by that time I was past caring.
Plot and character development are ultimately as redundant as the monsters themselves.
A frustrating, disappointing follow-up to Gareth Edwards' left-field, low-budget game-changer, that's more Battle: Los Angeles than Aliens. And who left the aliens out?
"Monsters: Dark Continent" is a sour, tedious, and derivative film that doesn't just prove disappointing in its own right, it actively makes us resent the first film retroactively for inspiring it.
Green apes the kinetic visual style of Kathryn Bigelow and Paul Greengrass when the bullets start to spray, but when those involved are cliché-spouting obnoxious "ooh-rah!" grunts you're never going to care when they get ripped to shreds.
Not so much a sequel as another stultifying character drama set in a world overrun by aliens ...

@highlight

Monsters: Dark Continent lacks the fresh approach and thought-provoking subtext of its predecessor, settling instead for tired war movie clichés.