The presentation is all fairly straight-faced and largely without comment, with only mischievous uses of accompanying footage serving as a deadpan riposte to some of the more obviously insane theories.
Room 237 isn't about The Shining or the Holocaust or the slaughter of Native Americans or the moon landing. It's about people finding order in chaos.
Do the Kabbalist readings or wild free associations that Room 237 celebrates improve The Shining? Let's say that they create a parallel text: Lost in the Overlook, in search of the overlooked.
"The Shining" is the perfect launching pad for a movie about obsessive film theorists because Kubrick attracts theories like lint and this film is perhaps his most stubbornly mystifying work.
Don't watch this film and expect an authoritative critical analysis of the film; watch it and explore the distorting, drug-like pull that some art can exert on its audience.
Room 237 is about bringing a text to life through an active, prolonged, playful, or even tortured relationship to it. It's a document of immersive obsession.
Inelegant in the way it assembles all this stuff ... but anyone who's ever obsessed over the subtext of a beloved movie will find it amusing.
A curious and entertaining documentary.
An intellectual exercise, and an entertaining one, especially for those who don't want to label The Shining as just a ghost story.
The human brain is a marvellously suggestible organ.
It has the same entertainment value as listening to a late-night radio host indulge his listeners on Roswell, Area 51 and 9/11. Everything sounds completely crackers, until it all makes crazy sense.
[A] strange, frustrating, occasionally fascinating doc ...
What emerges from Room 237 is not a denigration of conspiracies, but a kind of celebration of our ability to create patterns where (perhaps) none exist.
"Room 237" could become an essential companion piece to "The Shining" from now on. For those who see both, it will be impossible to think about one without the other.
...all about the work of criticism - finding fresh avenues of delight.
"Room 237" evolves from an ode to movie love at its most delirious to a wry examination of the crackpot mind at work.
Watching it makes you feel like you're attending a really entertaining film class where your classmates confidently let their freak flags fly.
It's an essay about the human need to reject the notion of a random universe and find order and meaning in existence. These people are developing their own creation myths, with Kubrick the mastermind responsible for the Intelligent Design.
Termitic film nerds could chow down for years on the wood chips.
You know when "Room 237″ starts getting really scary? When the people in the film start making sense.
Kubrick fans and movie geeks will want to check this film out as soon as possible
Kubrick fans will take 'Shining' to 'Room 237.'
There's enough real evidence supporting the theory that Kubrick was a genius, and that's pretty entertaining all by itself.
The credibility of these theories ranges from faintly plausible to frankly ridiculous, but Ascher isn't interested in judging them; his movie is more about the joys of deconstruction and the special kind of obsession that movies can inspire.
It's about the human need for stuff to make sense - especially overpowering emotional experiences - and the tendency for some people to take that sense-making to extremes.
Some of the interpretations seem more of a stretch than others but all are entertainingly presented by director Rodney Ascher. (The movie) serves as a testament to Stanley Kubrick's cinematic mastery.
As fascinating as it is frustrating
It is nice to see a doc that makes you smile instead of making you angry. Anyone who is a fan of Stanley Kubrick will eat this up.
Powered by a deep and abiding affection for both The Shining and Kubrick in general, Room 237 is an amuse-bouche of remix culture.
Room 237 is an extended riff of the "Paul is dead" variety. But, you know what? Sometimes a guy moving a table in the background is just a guy moving a table in the background.
The results can range from enlightening - Kubrick did like to mess with things - to embarrassing. But it's never dull. "Room 237" shines.
You don't have to buy any of the nutty theories in Room 237 to appreciate what director Rodney Ascher has accomplished.
It's nuts, in the best possible way.
A diverting excursion for lovers of Kubrick's films...even if, at over a hundred minutes, it does go on a bit long.
A fascinating doc that will get both film geeks and conspiracy theorists alike drooling, it all but guarantees you'll never watch The Shining quite the same way again.
Confounding, eye-opening, and often hilarious.
Their imaginings are not far removed from the deconstuctionist gobbledygook that has hammerlocked academic film and literary scholarship. But here at least the gobbledygook is entertaining.
I suspect that Ascher's intention was to dynamize an academic exercise, but these constant, sundry inserts render the tone as corny and glib as a VH1 special.
[It] may be the surpassingly eccentric-and enormously entertaining-film that Kubrick deserves.
"Room 237" is an act of uncommon devotion to cinema, embracing the notion that movies are best defined by what happens to us as we watch them - how our own beliefs and experiences dictate our interpretation of what we've seen and heard.
This is sure to amuse you if you get a bang out of the claims that Paul McCartney died in 1966 and Dark Side of the Moon was intended as a soundtrack for The Wizard of Oz.
I found most of what's actually put forth in the film interpretively ridiculous. But I'm just one theorist among millions, and the film worked for me anyway.
Listening to fanatics go on and on about their fixations can be kind of fun. For a while, at least.
The thrill's in the thinking about little pieces of cinematic language as words contributing to a two-hour essay.
Would it be hypocritical to say that I loved "Room 237," even thought I felt like 75 percent of what was said in it was completely hooey?
a journey down a rabbit hole worth taking, as the film immerses us in alternately fascinating, compelling, absurd, and frightening theories about what, exactly, The Shining is (or might be) about
Room 237 is both an ode to the subversive nature of the movies and a fascinating insight into clashing obsessions in its most lurid form, even when its stylistic choices seek to destroy the experience.
I can't buy into the notion of Stanley Kubrick faking Apollo 11's moon landing but he definitely helped Shelley Duvall fake a movie career.
"Anything you say, Lloyd. Anything you say."
As amusing as the movie is, I think in the end that Ascher misses the labyrinth for the trees.
"Room 237" is movie so chunky and sweet you can eat it with a spoon.
This documentary will entertain everyone from film junkies to conspiracy theorists and those who like to debunk them as Ascher spreads his net to include everything from the most provocative ideas to blatant bunkum.
This geek gossip is made even more captivating by the fact that nobody will likely ever know whether any of it is true.
Hilarious, bizarre and provocative. You'll never look at The Shining the same way again
The beauty of Room 237, however, doesn't lie in the validity of any one of the commentators' thoughtful (and occasionally well-informed) speculations, but instead in that mysterious grey zone between an artist's intentions and audience interpretation.
Unique and at times profound, Room 237 is a reminder of how much Kubrick left for us to appreciate in his work, and how the greatest films always leave something more to be discovered with each viewing.
The theories proposed in the doc "Room 237" aren't eye-opening. They're laughable.
A beautifully edited, deeply strange compendium of what different people have read into a single film.
A strange and enduring testament to Kubrick's cinematic legacy, as well as a fun way to look at a horror classic in a whole new way.
Like any great puzzle, The Shining is a lot of fun to try and solve.
A thrilling testament to the fact that art is - and should be - open to interpretation.
This movie about a labyrinth with a monster at its center is itself a labyrinth, [Ascher] tells us; better leave a trail of breadcrumbs behind you if you hope to get out.
Part of what makes "Room 237" fascinating to watch and think about (beyond other people's loopiness) is that it shows how works of art become encrusted with their reception.
Ascher's unique and unforgettable film is a tribute to movie love. I couldn't have liked it more.
Maybe they're all right. Or wrong. It can't be settled. What matters is that people are still crazy about the beauty of a beautiful movie about going crazy.
The effect of Room 237 is intense. It's a deep dive into the rabbit hole of semiotics, designed to train viewers to become alert to what they're really seeing.
For film buffs who love to debate cinematic subtext, the documentary is both exciting and riveting. It's also just plain fun.
...theory-drunk ... hydra-headed exposition of the joys of deep reading and a boundary-pushing experiment in fair usage of copyrighted material.
I found myself torn between wanting to see The Shining again immediately and never, ever wanting to see it again.
It works like a Kubrickian Da Vinci Code, and it lures you into seeing The Shining as a kind of feature-length Zapruder film.
The rapturous responses seem over-the-top for this modest, entertaining,visually clever film. The fun is arguing with its subjects' looney theories; rewatch The Shining first.
Room 237 evokes the appeal of conspiracy theories while refusing to endorse or completely disavow them.
I don't necessarily buy any of these alternate readings, but the passion these people bring to their theories is such that you're at least willing to meet them halfway.
Steadily, Room 237 becomes a rare kind of bird: a critical analysis that leans not on unquestionable authority but creative speculation.
A delightfully odd film, but also an enjoyable one for film fans.
The wave of hype about this movie has already started. To which I'd offer this thought: Bull****.
The doc positions The Shining as a comparably coiled, thematically overflowing microcosm--standing in for cinema, for history, for obsession, for postmodern theory buckling under the film's heft.
...brings the realms of film theory and conspiracy theory a bit closer together.
A bunch of obsessives obsessing about an obsessive movie maker's obsessive movie.
For Kubrick aficionados or fans of "The Shining," Rodney Ascher's fine toothed combing of the 1980 horror film is intelligent, clever, and incredibly engrossing...
Weird interpretations of Stanley Kubrick's 'The Shining' concocted of wacky conspiracy theories and urban legends.
Guarantees a whole new perspective on the 1980 movie, while making any future viewing of The Shining immense fun with all this fresh information to process and flashes of madness to sort out. It's a hypnotic documentary.
Tells us more about 'The Shining" than we ever thought possible, though not a single interpretation voiced in this doc could be accurate.
[An] intriguing documentary ...
Astonishing playful and idiosyncratic cult film documentary by LA filmmaker Rodney Ascher.
Wow... The Shining just got ten times better!
Room 237 probably won't convert you into a believer of any of the theories expounded, but it will make you want to watch The Shining again. And when you do, you may well do a double take when you see Danny's Apollo 11 sweater.
Think of it as Trekkies for the horror set.
Amusing and interesting if you're a fan of the film ...
...a fascinating glimpse into one-track nit-pickery, at least as entertaining as the whole "Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln, Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy" spiel.
Using interviews, archive footage and a creepy original soundtrack, director Rodney Ascher ponders what makes Kubrick's film such a draw among geeks and conspiracy theorists.
If nothing else, it will make you see the film in a whole new light.
A picture as riveting as being buttonholed by the Ancient Mariner ...
King famously hated Kubrick's version of his book, but, considering the effect the film seems to have had on impressionable minds, he might approve of Ascher's amusing study.
Misery-style uber-fandom meets David Icke conspiracy freakery.
What Kubrick himself would have felt we can't know, but it might have been exasperated.
You may well have concluded that these people have too much time on their hands but some of the arguments are strangely persuasive and Room 237 will fascinate film buffs.
It's great fun to explore geeky theories about Stanley Kubrick's iconic horror film The Shining, even if most of them are too spurious to take seriously.
[It has] a feel as strange as it's subject matter.
And there's you thinking that The Shining was just a scary movie about Jack Nicholson going nuts in a big, old hotel in the middle of nowhere. Ha! Think again.
Kubrick was himself a detail obsessive, and that fact makes these theories very seductive.
A documentary that compiles the theories, frequently hilarious, rarely persuasive, about subliminal imagery in Stanley Kubrick's film...
By capturing the giddy thrill that comes from decoding difficult films, Room 237 says something profound about being a cine-fanatic.
Lots of what they say is bonkers; all of it is engrossing.
Entertainingly illustrated documentary that plays like a collection of fascinating film essays - you may not be won over by any of the arguments but you'll never watch The Shining quite the same way again.
What's attractive about 'Room 237' is how it demands that we look more closely at films, and think about motives and subtexts.
Ascher does his damnedest to make it visually and aurally interesting, and lets his chosen voices speak without judgement.
A celebration of Kubrick, The Shining and the thrill of watching, analysing and loving film. It's the best movie about a movie we've seen in ages.
For all its shallowness as a work of cultural criticism, [it's] an awful lot of fun to watch.
Even when the conspiracies are at their wackiest - yes, someone suggests watching The Shining backwards - the documentary remains genially intrigued.
A documentary as idiosyncratic as its tireless contributors, Room 237 is first and foremost an ode to film fandom in all of its gleeful obsessiveness.
It's a terrifically imaginative and superbly executed examination of Kubrick's masterpiece, and it's an interesting comment on the nature of film appreciation in general.
The idea of collating these people's ideas in a feature film and dragging them off the internet and into the light of a projector beam is an intriguing one, but at over 100 minutes it's fair to say that most peoples' interest will wane before the end.
Room 237 is less an analysis of The Shining, and more an analysis of the analysers.
aka "Bizarre and Fascinating Crackpot Theories Regarding Stanley Kubrick's The Shining."
Ascher's hugely enjoyable docu-collage of Shining theories embraces ambiguity but proves that Kubrick's deep chiller is worth the revisits.
An unusual documentary.
Best jab at academia since Jose Padilha's Secrets of the Tribe.
A celebration of Kubrick, filmmaking and fandom. A must see for any fan of The Shining
Lovingly obsessive
Rodney Ascher's wonderfully wacky and vividly compelling clip-a-thon documentary goes a long way to explain why Kubrick's work has such an impact.
There's something quite charming about Ascher's refusal to outright dismiss his subjects' hallucinations.
Hopefully Ascher will continue this trend by examining all the hidden tricks, gimmicks and stylings of other brain-twisting cinematic treats as they can provide genuine insight into the work of a director. Even if it's all just nonsense.
Room 237 is an extremely fascinating film to watch whether you believe it or not.
One of the great movies about movies.
A wacky, sometimes hilariously esoteric deconstruction of the subliminal messages and hidden meanings in Stanley Kubrick's The Shining.

@highlight

Mysterious and provocative, Room 237 is a fascinating journey into the world of obsessive cinephilles.