A fantastic merging of talents into a pure piece of art...
Indie inner-city drama with drug-addict teacher.
"Half Nelson" elegantly tiptoe around its elephant in the room: Dan's most compelling instruction to not let Drey enter the drug trade is his own destruction. That point of panic turns into something approaching penance.
The filmmakers bask disingenuously in their tidy vision of border-busting healing
A sometimes subtle, sometimes bombastic (Gosling's performance ranges from brilliant to bug-eyed) parable about class, race, power, and the dialectics of family relationships.
The movie hits a stream of false notes when Dunne's students deliver oral reports on Civil Rights struggles that could only have been plagiarized. The film's ending isn't only meager, it's utterly listless.
Ryan Gosling's self-destructive teacher is easily the year's most mesmerizing character study. And he's hardly the only reason to see this film. Shareeka Epps anchors her scenes as Drey with a self-possession way beyond her years.
Gosling is up for an Oscar (R) for his work in Half Nelson, and there's no question he earned the nomination.
Half Nelson trades melodrama for authenticity, cliche heroics for genuine heart, cheap cinematic parlor tricks for blessed restraint.
This is a brave, smart and sensitive film.
We've gotten so close to these characters (and they to each other) that we don't want to let them go.
It is, in fact, a fine piece of work: reticent, intelligent, wholly devoid of triumphalism or self-pity.
It's hardly a film which trumpets its virtues but that's part of the pleasure to be had from it. It doesn't know how good it is.
While the students first mock Marxist dialectics and notions of oppression applied to the everyday, they are eventually eagerly embracing the rebellious spirit of Attica and Allende in class presentations that provide euphoric momentum.
Looks to me like a self conscious film that thrives on its own negativity. Studied, anti-establishment, arthouse cinema that gloats over its moral superiority %u2013 which is rather ironic.
It's a thoughtful character study with Gosling simply tremendous as the functioning addict, who seems to use crack to anaesthetise him from his inability to form adult relationships.
A riveting study in dislocation and connection, hurt and healing, with Gosling revealed as potentially the most gifted actor of his generation.
It's impressively adult, sure-footed filmmaking, and that Best Actor nod was definitely deserved.
Dunne [Gosling] is an enjoyable and impressive creation, justifiably recognised with an Oscar nomination for Gosling earlier this year.
It's the gritty script and sheer quality of the performances that distinguish this parable.
High ideals clash with Bush-era realities in this class debut - well balanced, wonderfully performed, and refreshingly free from cliche.
An original work that is moving, not without humour, fly-on-the-wall realistic and uplifting.
It takes a while to settle into the rhythm (feeling episodic at first), but Half Nelson soon takes hold with a vice-like grip.
I hated this movie.
A worthy performance in a film that only needed a couple of tweaks to match his contribution.
The movie refuses to pander.
Fine performances all around in this admirable, if not exactly great, film.
The gifted young actor Ryan Gosling elevates Half Nelson from a project fraught with credibility issues into a surprisingly persuasive character study
Since nothing much exciting ever happens in this contemplative mood piece, don't be surprised to be asking yourself, 'Is that it?' by the time the closing credits roll on this deliberately-paced headscratcher.
Ryan Gosling turns in the year's best male performance as a inner city high school student battling his own demons while attempting to make an impact in his students' lives.
The film builds very nicely and creates a provocative set up where the self-destructive teacher needs to hold it together for the sake of his students and his habit as best he can between fixes.
A preocupação do roteiro em contar uma história que soe realista sem perder a força encontra respaldo nas performances centradas da jovem Epps e de Gosling, que mais uma vez prova ser um dos atores mais talentosos de sua geração.
Half Nelson feels like the choke hold is on the poor audience. It has moments of inspired acting and filmmaking, but entertainment and believability are as scarce as sober characters.
The plot is rather stagnant and it has more than its share of dead end subplots, but the three main characters are interesting enough to make this film compelling.
Coalesces into a sobering and meaningful experience.
This enigmatic, mesmerizing film about half-chances and halting reconciliations bristles with unresolved tension in a world where black and white are interlocked.
This is gripping, moving and extremely thoughtful filmmaking.
a fascinating character study of two people, both of whom could use a few friends, being brought together by the seediest of circumstances.
Gosling and Epps, an unusual but effective pairing, show real commitment in their performances.
Ryan Fleck est précisément le genre de réalisateur précis, lucide et spontané dont le cinéma américain de demain a besoin.
A welcome antidote to the usual cliches of the inspirational teacher movie, this is sharply written and superbly acted by Ryan Gosling and Shareeka Epps.
The movie comes down to Gosling's spot-on performance and how we feel about it.
Exceptional performances by Ryan Gosling (as a talented teacher who leads a troubled life beyond the classroom), Shareeka Epps (as a student at a crossroads) and Anthony Mackie (as a charismatic drug dealer) help the film achieve the promise in its gritty
... a movie that finds a moment of hope in a seemingly hopeless situation ...
Gets points for its uniqueness of angle and for operating almost entirely in shades of grey.
An original voice, heralding the idea that teachers and students could learn valuable lessons from each other as people.
Half Nelson is far from pleasant. But life isn't always pleasant and there's definitely room for movies that reflect that.
Gosling is indeed amazing as a bewildered, depressed New York schoolteacher who is slipping into dire drug addiction; it's exactly the kind of star turn in a smaller film that Academy voters could (and should) notice.
Although the subject promises more than the film can deliver, there is compensation in Gosling's convincing, unromanticized portrayal of someone seeking escape from longing and loss that neither he nor the movie can really define.
...insists on the grown-up notion that the world is a complex place populated by people who can't be neatly divided into good and evil.
An excellent film that deserves to put Ryan Gosling in the running for an Oscar nomination.
Takes the inspirational-teacher formula and reverses it point by point to create a fresh struggle with familiar messages.
An examination of stunted idealism as well as a showcase for an actor who just gets better and better, Half Nelson wears its indie street cred in the most unassuming manner imaginable.
The character might lose his grip at moments, but [Gosling] never does.
This movie... is concerned with an even greater achievement that is generally unacknowledged: how people -- flawed, miserable, frustrated people -- go to work every day and find a way to care about something beyond themselves, despite themselves.
Co-writers Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck (who also directed) expand their indie-circuit short to feature length, and a padded-out short is just what it looks and feels like.
... a compelling dramatic film that builds its case around facing painful truths.
Ryan Gosling wrestles with adult themes and comes out on top.
Half Nelson, with its bleakly hopeful view of humanity both damned and redeemed -- simultaneously -- is uncomfortably, almost exactly right.
Half Nelson doesn't pretend that nobility equals goodness in absolute terms. Dan is noble, but he is also deeply flawed, and his ability to help Drey is balanced by her ability to help him.
Half Nelson is, I suppose, well-intentioned, but it's also junk.
The clash of opposite ideas, impulses and personalities is one of life's constants, and through it, change is born. And while this sounds like hollow rhetoric, Half Nelson is a quietly passionate portrait of this principle in action.
A gripping, deeply affecting experience delivered with no Hollywood hooey but an appreciation of small lives and human foibles.
Gosling's performance is one of the things that saves the movie from itself.
The teacher treats his underprivileged students with good-humored respect; what's remarkable is that the filmmakers treat their characters -- and the audience -- with a similar lack of condescension.
Fleck and Boden present these characters not as stupid or evil, but as worthy of redemption if they can learn to reach for it.
Gosling gets a hold of this gritty little indie, squeezes tight, and doesn't let go.
Thick with a swirl of ideas, and that makes for a deceptively well-executed film.
For a solid 107 minutes, Gosling shapes his character into a flesh-and-blood tone poem.
It's as alive, as unpredictable, and certainly as devoid of cliches as few movies I've seen in quite a while.
Raw, unnerving, and acutely perceptive.
Gosling plays Dunn perfectly, imbuing him with horrible, druggie habits but still sparkling enough to gain our empathy.
It'll be weeks before I shake off [Gosling's] performance -- or the shadows of this small, extraordinary narrative-feature debut from filmmaking partners Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden.
The tone is even and thorough, the performances restrained and believable, the implied future bleak yet somehow satisfying.
One might also argue that a crack addict couldn't be responsible enough to be a good teacher, but he's the most believable protagonist in any American movie I've seen this year.
Not just another grungy depiction of drug addiction's downward spiral ... but also a story of unlikely salvation - of the triumph of a person's good side.
[Fleck] has a gift for charging inanimate objects with meaning ... and he helps his cast create characters who throb with energy and complex life.
The performances are utterly natural, seemingly as offhand as Andrij Parekh's hand-held cinematography.
Ryan Gosling is electrifying in the role, delivering a performance that is sure to catapult him into the front ranks of stardom.
A wholly absorbing and delicately shaded portrait of an educator played by Ryan Gosling, a young man harboring an offstage secret.
Every movement [Gosling] makes comes from the same reservoir of dwindling faith and rising shame, so steady that you can practically see the cracks in Dan starting to spread.
A good film with a great performance.
It's serious, yes, but not oppressively so. There is hope in it. It has a whiff of brilliance about it.
In the endlessly surprising Half Nelson, all those upbeat, Hollywood clichés about well-meaning outsiders making a difference are turned on their heads.
Too smart a film to plod along the rutted trail of the standard drug flick.
Gosling anchors the picture, and Epps ... has a kind of grace, presence and knowingness that far more experienced actors struggle vainly to find.
Neither performance ... can help the movie accomplish much with its characters.
The fleshing-out has meant that some narrative scenes dilute the simple power of the original concept, but the film craft and credible humanity still evince a high level of quality.
Gritty and terrifically human, Half Nelson is not your big brother's Hollywood high school movie.
a potent character study that refuses to vanish from memory
This unflinching clash between squandered ideals and hopeful realities rises to the head of its class.
It's interested in how real people, not movie characters, might act in the situation. It is about all the gray areas, all the complexities, all the layers of meaning.
Not an easy picture to watch, "Half Nelson" is, however, an intelligent and involving one. One thing is certain: it's proven that one of our best is actually one of the best.
There are no guns in Half Nelson, and there don't need to be; the title refers to a wrestling move in which you turn an attacker's strength back on him. Or, if you are like Dan Dunne, you turn it on yourself.
Whatever confusion it holds at its core, Half Nelson is not a total wash.
The key to the direction of all the performances is tactful restraint and nuanced modulation.
Strong performances by stars Ryan Gosling and Shareeka Epps elevate this gritty indie about an idealistic inner-city teacher who's crippled by drugs.
Kudos to writer director Ryan Fleck for keeping it real, no fairy-tale endings and no quick cinematic fixes.
No one can deny the quiet rage and intensifying disbelief...absorbing and structured in its haunting desperation of addiction and social alienation.
...one of the best male performances of the year from Gosling and a breakthrough for its filmmakers and young costar Epps.
Philosophically sound, dramatically absorbing, highly entertaining and highly instructive, 'Half Nelson' is hands down one of the best films of the year.
Made with assurance, restraint and psychological acuity by director Ryan Fleck and anchored by Ryan Gosling's commanding performance, this paradigmatic American independent feature approaches recurring themes in a compelling new way.
Gosling has an investment in character here that is whole-bodied, and he commands your attention in every frame he's in.
Half Nelson gives the musty theme a full twist, and what emerges seems remarkably fresh. And yet mature too.
Nearly every scene rings with its own ragged truth.
Beneath the familiar veneer is a film of profound depths and churning undercurrents, and the result is a stark portrait of a world where nothing comes easy but just giving up.
Gosling inhabits Dan with every feature of his face and particle of his body and soul.
The stunning, almost-wordless dramatic dance between Canadian boy Ryan Gosling and newbie actor Epps (no relation to Omar) eventually overpowers everything that's wrong about their relationship.
Half Nelson is fiction, but it is so truthful and potent, it lingers in the conscious like some story you heard on the news.
One of the main strengths of Half Nelson is the plainspoken way it conveys the miseries of its people.
Here's a good rule of thumb: When you have 30 minutes worth of material, don't try to stretch it out to an hour and a half. Please.
Tight direction by Fleck keeps the tension where it needs to be, and he guides his key actors through the intricacies of the script with an even hand.
A highly intelligent, emotionally ambiguous film that constantly surprises by sidestepping conventionality.
It all feels uncomfortably real, because we've known someone just like this, or maybe been him ourselves.
An After School Special done up in gritty indie style.
A compelling drama that establishes Ryan Gosling as one of the finest actors of his generation.
The new face of the American liberal.
it is still an interesting story of love and friendship between two people a world apart.
A slice of life that's rich with spontaneity...a script that vehemently refuses cliché.
You're going to have to look for it. But please look for this movie.
One friend may be all it takes.
Even if you're sure you've had enough of indie dramas about drug addicts that all too often serve as showcases for young actors hoping to prove their chops by getting raw, make an exception for this superb drama.
This is a film that knows something about how hope, when it comes, is always a surprise.
Half Nelson certainly sees things in a new way. Unfortunately, it doesn't see them very clearly.
Amid all the might-have-been cliches, director Ryan Fleck and his co-screenwriter, Anna Boden, give us a movie about history and destiny.
Mostly, we just watch the teacher get high, and his classroom talks about civil rights are nothing but filler.
Ryan Fleck's Half Nelson is one of the most compelling and idea-laden American indie films to come along in a while, and it features one of this year's finest performances from Ryan Gosling.
This is the usual waste of celluloid that many in the indie world loves so much for some reason.
a slow moving but uncompromising film that will have you in it's grip days later, largely due to the galvanizing performance of Ryan Gosling.
Dan's take on history%u2014as concept and series of events%u2014has as much to do with his personal past as any ideological leanings.
This is at least the third film out of this year's Sundance centering on a teenage girl's coming of age, and the most quietly observed and convincing.
Ryan Gosling turns in an exquisite performance as a drug-addicted teacher, matched only by 18-year-old Shareeka Epps.
The thing is, as good as Gosling is (and he's admittedly excellent) I can't help but feel like I've seen this performance before.
Gosling's acting is the highlight here. He sets the bar for the rest of the cast, and those around him rise to the challenge.
it's refreshing to see a film like Half Nelson that wallows in the gray areas
Half Nelson is that rarest of marvels: an American fiction film that wears its political heart on its sleeve.
A startling and unexpectedly moving surprise.
As an achingly wise young student caught between the intentions of those who mean to help and those who mean to exploit her, newcomer Shareeka Epps is simply stunning.
For director Ryan Fleck, co-writer/producer/editor Anna Boden, and their remarkable cast, the solution is to underplay every scene and let the central character's ambiguities set a rocky course for the movie to follow.
Leaves a lasting impression due to the three solid performances from Gosling, Mackie and newcomer Shareeka Epps.
Half Nelson offers an opportunity to marvel, once again, at the dazzling talent of Ryan Gosling for playing young men as believable as they are psychologically trip-wired.
Half Nelson drags the crowd-pleasing white-teacher-inspires-black-students movie onto the mat and pins the flabby genre in the first round.
Downbeat as it is, Half Nelson is a genuinely inspirational film -- a terrifically compelling character study and a tricky exploration of the links (and busted links) between the personal and the political.
The scalding talents of the moody, introspective young actor Ryan Gosling are sharply focused in Half Nelson, elevating an otherwise slight and depressingly offbeat film high above the realm of the ordinary with blast-furnace force.
When was the last time tou saw in an American film a teacher in a ghetto school who talks about Hegel and Dialectics with passion and relevancy; that he is splendidly played by Ryan Gosling makes the character all the more compelling.
The star of the piece is definitely Gosling: so sweet, so smart, so troubled, and so much the jerk. There's no vanity in the actor as Dan gives in to his demons.
Never overly dramatic or obviously sentimental, Half Nelson is a well-made study of imperfect individuals doing their best to not only survive, but to interact meaningfully with others around them.
A TV-special kind of movie made watchable by Ryan Gosling's magnetic performance.
Sardonic yet moving, Half Nelson deftly outlines the perils of youthful idealism without lapsing into knee-jerk cynicism.
An engaging American drama about friendship as a curative force that can reach across the generations and transcend even racial barriers.
More nuanced than your average Sundance character study, Ryan Fleck's carefully observed Half Nelson still doesn't overcome its origins as a padded-out expansion of the filmmaker's 2002 short Gowanus, Brooklyn.
Ryan Gosling establishes himself as a major talent and one of the finest young actors around.
Half Nelson pulls it all together with a closing scene that's very touching and highly memorable.
A terrific performance by Ryan GoslingRyan Gosling is the chief but hardly sole reason to embrace Half Nelson.



@highlight

Half Nelson features powerful performances from Ryan Gosling and Shareeka Epps. It's a wise, unsentimental portrait of lonely people at the crossroads.