Potential is a terrible thing to waste.
The final reel is violent, melodramatic and implausible.
The French critic Vincent Malausa recently assailed Dheepan as "arrogant and stupid." For some of us, it's merely banal and forgettable.
It succeeds in wrapping up a story that wouldn't otherwise have a tidy ending, but jarring as it might seem to some doesn't minimize the accomplishment of showing us the world through different eyes.
Dheepan is a stirring and unflinching rendition of a legend near and dear to our American hearts.
Dheepan proves that war for some immigrants is not ever over.
... a moving drama of alienation, assimilation, and survival.
both a well-honed exercise in genre filmmaking and an impressively astute film of our moment
Dheepan should be a work of social-realism that helps us understand their plight, but only in the small moments does it feel the sum of its humanist intentions.
Hard-hitting, beautifully shot and wonderfully acted.
The rich, well-acted drama doesn't gain much from an awkward shift into violent gangster-related action. Still, Audiard stages the urban warfare with his usual muscular flair, and this is a film that keeps hold of your attention.
Terrific right up until a point near the end where it becomes kind of actively terrible in a really bold, gaudy way.
Powerful, violent movie about three Sri Lankan refugees.
Engaging enough for the duration but muddled and ill-conceived.
So intent was Audiard on making what is in effect a French action film with subtitles that the potential for a richer, more contemplative film was sidelined.
The millions of hard-working immigrants (illegal or not), and anyone sympathetic to their struggle (maybe even a Republican or two), should find this story of assimilation and trust a well-acted celebration of life in a new land.
This is an intimate view from ground level, where the ground keeps shifting beneath your feet.
The nonprofessional actors deliver stirring performances and Audiard never sentimentalizes the characters' situation. And despite the film's misguided climax, Audiard again demonstrates that he is one of the top filmmakers working today.
In the wake of one of the bloodiest and most brutal conflicts of the 20th century, this story begs to be told and heeded.
While gradually building tension, it succeeds most as an intimate and provocative look at refugee struggles given added emotional resonance by current events.
The film simmers and builds until it boils over in an explosive climax. And it shows how far people will go just to be able to cling to some semblance of hope.
The acting and setting, as well as Audiard's mastery, make Dheepan essential viewing.
It puts a face on people around the world who will do anything for a better life.
Audiard vividly captures the horrors of not just war, but it's even more destructive aftermath. It will leave you positively shell-shocked.
Shooting on actual locations and with a cast of nonprofessional actors, writer-director Jacques Audiard keeps the neorealism pumping until a third act concession to conventionality (and vigilantism) leads it in the direction of Cannon Pictures.
A great ending in search of a slightly better movie.
Jacques Audiard's gripping refugee tale has a Charles Bronson-like lead character from Sri Lanka and a great performance from Jesuthasan Antonythasan.
With gritty images and an economy of dialogue, the film tells a small story that stands for the thousands of refugees now trying to gain a footing in Europe.
A Jacques Audiard movie looks deceptively naturalistic, but it's as tightly coiled as a thriller and it hides allegories. Despite a controversial left-hand turn in the final moments, "Dheepan" is no exception.
Like the best fiction, it takes the most incomprehensible stories of our time and makes them hauntingly, inescapably clear.
The living, the dying and the dead populate this superb French thriller balancing gang violence, refugee plight and family drama.
I cannot say enough about the performances of Jesuthasan, Srinivasan and Vinasithamby. The heart and soul and emotional precision they bring to their roles go a long way to deepening Dheepan.
"Dheepan" is a solid trio of character studies with each member of the family, over the first half, fleshing out their well-drawn characters effectively.
Dheepan is a memorable and relevant refugee-condition drama, a non-preachy indictment of France's immigrant policies, an engrossing personal journey, and an inspiring testament to the hope and change human connection can spark.
puts a personal face on those displaced by repressive regimes.
Ultimately, Dheepan doesn't trust the heart of this story and, instead, pushes it into a sensationalized muddle of moral morass.
For three-quarters of its running time, "Dheepan" feels like something special.
It burrows into the hearts and minds of human beings trying to find a world in which it's possible to have a life worth living.
Audiard's dense yet flinty new thriller suggests the scope of the contemporary European migrant crisis in a muscular but intimate fashion.
Audiard humanizes his characters in such a way that it's easy to forget you're watching a film and not a documentary subject.
A story of survival, of assimilation - and of alienation.
By the end, the film becomes almost completely unintelligible.
What begins as an uncommonly nuanced portrayal of the immigrant experience ends as a glorified, arthouse version of Taken.
Further cements Audiard as a singular chronicler of roiling souls desperately navigating a way out of circumstances that threaten to upend them entirely.
It is not unusual, after viewing one of Jacques Audiard's films, to come away with a sensation of having observed true intimacy in an authentic world.
Considering what the world, and particularly Europe, is dealing with today, a film such as this feels vitally necessary. Thankfully, it's also a rich, if sometimes difficult, pleasure to watch.
Complicated lives get tough yet compassionate treatment in Dheepan.
For a while, it's quietly meditative and riveting - worthy of the Palme d'Or it captured last spring in Cannes.
The refugees are all played by first-time actors, and create an appealing naturalism in their performances. And the camerawork places us, if not quite in their shoes, then at least in their vicinity, bobbing and weaving in their wake.
Scene by scene, there's a leanness and economy to Audiard's filmmaking that gradually shifts, via dreamlike ellipses and temporal blurs, into a poetically heightened register.
A compelling drama that might have worked even better without the action-thriller shadings. The unknown actors are pitch-perfect.
As a narrative of immigrant life, "Dheepan" moves swiftly, with intriguing twists and turns.
The superb first half of this fish-in-two-waters drama is so packed with fresh, tender insights, it's a shock when the art-house-aimed Dheepan suddenly goes full Neeson.
A tough, uncompromising picture, with a climax that really goes to work on you.
Dheepan, for all its flaws, is hard-hitting in ways that count. It has the intimacy of a personal drama but the amplitude of a much larger immigrant odyssey.
It's simply that Dheepan's cultural clashes are richer than its man-vs-thug ones.
"Dheepan" is finely-drawn, beautifully shot and acted, featuring complex characters doing their best in no-win situations.
As the previously hushed Dheepan flares into gunfire and other explosions, it's hard not to feel a little let down.
Narratively, though, the film skates on the edge of incoherence.
For Audiard... rebirth is a mean and messy business. But it's also beautiful.
Mr. Jesuthasan, watchful and diffident behind a scruffy beard and a drooping lock of hair, has the taciturn charisma of a Hollywood gunslinger. And the movie in which he finds himself is, in some ways, a western.
What started as a piercing drama about refugees, rooted firmly in the ethnic crises that have plagued modern Paris, shifts into a cathartic melee that nearly tips into outright fantasy. One part of the film can't be reconciled with the other.
The remarkable performances from the central trio are what carries the film.
Sometimes it takes a film as bracingly honest and deeply empathetic as Dheepan to remind us how limited our world truly is.
Dheepan aspires to be a Taxi Driver for today's Europe, but ends up as a crude cross between Death Wish and Ken Loach.
This isn't to say that Dheepan is a failure. It's just a disappointment by Audiard's high standards.
Keeps us in a state of unease, ready for whatever unusual or dangerous business Jacques Audiard might throw us.
Audiard has always had the heart of a genre filmmaker tempered with the eyes of a behavioralist. He gets in close to his characters - focusing on their faces, their hands, their feet - so that we feel every blow and quiver, every scream and whisper.
Represents everything that makes Audiard one of the most exciting forces in contemporary French cinema. It's almost too perfect a fit for a filmmaker who exclusively tells stories about people who suffer their way to freedom.
In the end, Dheepan's climax doesn't so much inspire a feeling of hard-won satisfaction as it exudes a disappointing whiff of a huge missed opportunity.
Perhaps even more urgent upon its U.S. release than when it won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival a year ago.
Jacques Audiard's film struggles to overcome the burden of its over-simplified, moralizing setup.
The performances are more than just immaculately convincing; this is a movie structured by the hidden fury and fear behind wide-open gazes.
Jesuthasen's ferocious performance as a former child soldier in Sri Lanka now living in a tough French suburb anchors this Cannes Festival prize-winning film.
Certainly, many movies feature climactic scenes of barbarity, but the best ones prepare viewers for what's to come, whether obviously or subtly.
A compelling and timely story.
You'll emerge shrugging with bitter frustration, but when Dheepan is good, it's very good.
Dheepan is powerfully told, and takes one inside the mind of a man who's haunted by his recent past.
A searing and brilliant film is only partly undermined by its wildly improbable, action movie style ending in which the lead character rediscovers his inner Rambo.
The final explosion into violence seems too pat in what is otherwise slick, sophisticated storytelling.
Directed by Jacques Audiard of A Prophet and Rust and Bone, the drama comes at a timely moment, showing the struggle of refugees entering a less-than-welcoming country.
Audiard may not connect all the dots perfectly but there is an intensely thought-provoking humanism to his latest work.
All the groundwork in the world, though, can't alter the fact that a film which began in the style of Ken Loach has turned into Death Wish 3.
In the end Audiard is as big a softie as any cornball salesman in Tinseltown. It's just that his redemptions are bitterly earned and bring sweet relief.
Thoughtful, moving, quietly powerful. For 90 minutes it's like a firecracker waiting to explode. Then comes the explosion.
Every scene, every line, every frame has something of interest. All of it is impeccably crafted and the work of someone for whom making films is as natural as breathing.
Once again Audiard articulates big themes within a mosaic of everyday struggles. A painful yet rewarding tale of social strife and uplifting resilience.
Comparisons to Martin Scorsese's Taxi Driver are obvious but valid: the shocking finale will leave you stunned.
Dheepan is, for most of its runtime, a satisfyingly even-handed and non-judgmental story of culture shock.
An engaging, interesting and beautifully observed story.
A sympathetic, inquisitive portrait of the immigrant experience in Europe.
In Dheepan, Audiard's talent for squeezing raw power from moments of both violence and intimacy comes to the fore.
A riveting film about three Sri Lankan refugees and their quest for a place to call home.
Those looking to experience a first-hand journey into the heart of what today's immigrants have to deal with when they land on the old continent, well, they'll be enlightened.
Powered by three strong, naturalistic performances, some of Dheepan's best scenes are the quietest ones.
A muscularly directed dramatic thriller about the difficulties of starting over and the inevitability of violence.
Despite its violent dénouement, this is for the most part an understated, cinematically rich, shrewdly observational film.
Ultimately, it's a pretty good film, but perhaps Audiard's weakest to date.
Dheepan is still a warm, alarming, heartache-y watch, about three people united in fleeing one kind of danger for another.
Though it takes a jarring left turn at the end, this bears the same immaculate plot construction and tonal consistency of Audiard's previous films, augmented by sensitive, superlative performances from Jesuthasan and Srinivasan.
A totally unconventional "family" drama.
Audiard is a quasi-exploitation filmmaker at heart, alas, but his direction is elegant, at times breathtakingly so.
Thoughtfully directed and performed, Dheepan's more debatable choices don't overshadow its clear virtues.
Audiard's beautiful and furious story about three Tamil refugees posing as a family to escape Sri Lanka's brutal civil war and build new lives in France understands displacement on a sensory level.
Passionate, intensely focused, first-rate film-making.
Like scrambled eggs or sex, messy can also be good, and Audiard's audacity and bravura filmmaking skills mean that though Dheepan has to break a lot of eggs, Audiard has created a tasty dish.
Proceeds without flashy tricks or showy technique, offering the pleasures of captivating storytelling with an irresistible human pulse.
This movie deserves high praise.
While the film retains Audiard's trademark muscularity, it's also the most compassionate and humanistic thing he's made to date.
What keeps Dheepan engaging throughout is the tremendous charisma of the performers.
This may not be the director's most immediately electrifying film, but in its understated way, it's an immensely powerful work.
While the unhurried pace is challenging for a film with relatively little narrative incident, it's a pleasure to put yourself in the hands of such a confident director.
As an empathetic snapshot of the current immigrant experience in France, the film is compelling right through, but it's the central relationship that really digs its way into your soul.
Dheepan is a radical and astonishing film that turns conventional thinking about immigrants on its head, and takes a faceless immigrant coming from a war barely covered in the media and turns him into a Travis Bickle-type anti-hero.
This latest film from Cannes competition regular Jacques Audiard (A Prophet, Rust and Bone) is an intimate and carefully observed portrait of three strangers clinging to the secret that might just save them.
A powerful film that has moments of sheer bravado.

@highlight

Dheepan offers a timely, powerful look at the modern immigrant experience in Europe.