Nothing new under the sun with this flirtatious and entertaining production that fully completes its purpose. [Full review in Spanish]
This flawed, fractured fairy tale fails to scare up many chuckles or much charm. As Ebenezer Scrooge himself might say, "Bah, humbug!"
A parade of clumsy slapstick, unerring homophobia, and Big Fat Life Lessons.
As superficial and melodramatic as one might've expected...
A deluge of dim jokes and rote romantic interludes between Matthew McConaughey and Jennifer Garner that are intended to recall Charle's Dickens' "A Christmas Carol." God help us all.
Matthew McConaughey proves better than the material put before him in the intermittently intriguing Ghosts of Girlfriends Past
Ideally, you want to see the male and female leads end up together in a romantic comedy; if not, it all starts to become kind of creepy.
Although there are some sweetly sentimental moments, they are not nearly enough to redeem what is otherwise a fairly mean-spirited film.
A watchable pastiche of A Christmas Carol, this rom-com resorts to corny slapstick a bit too often but also manages to find moments of real resonance
The comedy is reduced to pratfalls and embarrassing situations, and much of it comes across as just mean-spirited.
Director Mark Waters finds the movie's laughs in the supporting players: Michael Douglas, Emma Stone and Lacey Chabert.
The only thing of note is that its star, Matthew McConaughey, doesn't remove his shirt
A slick, standard Hollywood studio produced romantic comedy that utilizes a clever conceit and some expert supporting comedic performances to help it squeak by.
Quirky supporting characters enliven this by-the-numbers romcom.
McConaughey too once showed promise, but here he seems to be auditioning for a bad sitcom, while Garner misuses her gawky sincerity.
I suppose your reaction to the film will depend to some extent on whether or not you find Matthew McConaughey a charmer. I don't, so I found Connor repulsive with no redeeming features.
Let's be clear: this is trash, not very funny and sometimes jaw-droppingly insulting.
The ending does a big flip flop, but if you go in with low expectations, you'll have a hard not laughing in Ghosts of Girlfriends Past.
'Ghosts of Girlfriends Past' lacks energy and originality, plus the characters are too shallow to care about. But Michael Douglas is delightful.
Not as bad as you might think, but...
There are many ways you can deal with the hypocrisies and faults of the male libido; Fellini spent a career exploring this terrain (think 8 1/2, City of Women) but there is nothing interesting on the subject here.
It actually has a couple of qualities few modern romantic comedies possess: it's romantic and quite funny.
Lose Michael Douglas and there is pretty much nothing about the movie that's appealing in even the smallest degree.
The screenplay never comes to grips with the fact that Connor IS A LOATHSOME HUMAN BEING.
A more appropriate title would have been Screwed, in reference to the character's predicament, and the audience's response to wasting money on this clunker.
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past submits that Connor deserves to be saved by Jenny. But it never shows how or why she should bother with him.
The whole concept founders on McConaughey's unalterable cheesiness. Flimsy though it is, the film has a couple of okay jokes, and might have been passable with a more endearing star.
Charles Dickens's A Christmas Carol has been endlessly remade. None so far has been as bad as this unpleasant comedy.
Tired slapstick, an air of cheesiness, some bad '80s pop songs and spurious emotion -- at the service of an unlikable screenplay with a downright nasty tone.
McConaughey is just too good at being a sleaze; he sold me and I never believed his transformation. Meanwhile Garner faded into the woodwork
Sleazy, shallow and at times downright tasteless, 'Ghosts of Girlfriends Past' would have Charles Dickens spinning in his grave.
This movie I think really did the impossible. It makes Failure To Launch look like The Thin Man.
It's a tired premise with some even weaker gags.
Just in case you can't get enough of the romantic comedy oeuvre of Matthew McConaughey, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is here to remind you that, yes, some films of his are even worse than Failure to Launch, Surfer Dude, and How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days.
There are more problems than ghosts in this charmless romantic comedy in which Matthew McConaughey's Lothario gets a lesson in the love stakes.
There are more problems than ghosts in this charmless romantic comedy in which Matthew McConaughey's Lothario gets a lesson in the love stakes.
It shamelessly rips off all of the films and TV specials that have also ripped off his brilliant, metaphor-filled story.
When the movie is not immersed in the main character's subconscious it's almost unspeakably bad.
It's smart, charming, sticky sweet in places, and it's got a bit more of a bite to it than most romantic comedies.
There are some things that even Matthew McConaughey's laid-back charm can't fix.
Even trying to think about Ghosts of Girlfriends Past from a snarky perspective makes me want to vomit. This is a repulsive movie...
far better than the last two opening summer weekend counter-programming choices (Made of Honor last year and the dreadful Lucky You in 2007)
It's fortunate director Mark Waters thought to surround his pretty-boy star with so much talent -- without their combined efforts, this wouldn't stand a ghost of a chance when it comes to offering any semblance of entertainment.
Kind of cute ... it never takes itself too seriously and is filled with deliciously cheesy lines.
When I first read about this movie several years ago, it was a star vehicle for Ben Affleck, and I thought it was a great idea. I was wrong.
I'm almost embarrassed to admit I found Ghosts of Girlfriends Past the season's first genuine guilty pleasure.
In a movie as spiritless and stupid as this, you can't help but look for clues you've hit bottom.
McConaughey has never really found his niche as a movie star, occasionally scoring in an adventure film, but lumbering through a series of romantic comedies to no good effect.
Only two characters might qualify as sympathetic.
Conor has the flamboyant confidence of a matador, but McConaughey draws out the right amount of sleaze and tenderness to transform Conor from a bullfighter to a rodeo clown.
Please, ladies, don't go see this movie. (Chances are most men would rather put out their eyes than go see a film with such a title.)
Despite being foolish in most respects, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past keeps you on its wacky rom-com narrative train all the way to the end. But that's probably a testament to the power of Charles Dickens' storytelling more than anything else.
Is there no end to mediocre and outright lousy movies about weddings and the silly and sad things that happen at them? Here's another strained and unengaging one.
A junky-looking romantic comedy that's neither remotely romantic nor passably comic.
Made me unexpectedly homesick for Fool's Gold.
As a romcom, it's average, but as a Matthew McConaughey romcom, it's above average. If you're a low-expectations moviegoer, this one might surprise you.
Jennifer Garner is sweet and radiant as McConaughey's childhood friend and former lover; Lacey Chabert steals scenes as the woman marrying McConaughey's brother; and Robert Forster and Anne Archer are good as her parents.
For a comedy that doesn't require a lot of heavy thinking, it tries hard not to dumb things down too much, nor skimp on character or storytelling either.
Every audience member with an intellect bigger than a squid's knows at all times where Ghosts is heading.
Predictable romcom has some iffy stuff, but OK for teens.
It's misbegotten from the get-go: It boasts the nadir of "high concepts."
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past doesn't do Dickens any favors, but in a year that brought us Bride Wars, it'll do.
Matthew McConaughey stars, Emma Stone takes over.
All those snappy supporting performers take the focus off the movie's romantic-comedy trappings.
You've got to love a movie that so eagerly assassinates its leading man's cuddly image, and which also manages to blow a wicked kiss to Fatal Attraction.
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past might be one of the most unoriginal films ever made, but it works anyway.
appalling, hateful, reptilian, inept
All in all, it's a pleasantly familiar way to spend two hours.
There are a few laughs in Ghosts of Girlfriends Past, to be sure; you can even hear them over the sound of Charles Dickens spinning in his grave.
I would say that this was a complete and utter waste of time and talent, but, except for Emma Stone, I didn't see any talent.
There's precious little to laugh at - not the lead's one-dimensional swagger, Michael Douglas's Rat Pack-meets-Robert Evans jive talk or an anti-misogyny parable with the gall to make every female a neurotic shrew or a sex-starved harpy.
How very dull it is to watch movies in which the men are lost little boys and women their sanctified saviours. It's demeaning to everyone.
When it sticks to the interpersonal stuff, the emotional links between old lovers, close brothers, and the family that supports both, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is quite tolerable.
Any film starring the self-regarding, teak-veneered charisma vacuum that is Matthew McConaughey has more to overcome than most. So the fact that the rom-com Dickens riff Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is even sporadically entertaining is no mean feat.
It's mostly just there and is unevenly paced, but has a few moments.
Kicking off the summer with this flick I was hoping for more sizzle, but wound up with a lot fizzle.
Parental Content Review
The best part about Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is that the film knows it is unoriginal and uses that to its advantage. Michael Douglas was priceless.
How crass and joyless the whole business is, culminating in a love-declaration scene prefigured by McConaughey knocking an elderly man unconscious, to get the boring, obstructive old dude out of the way. Yikes.
Comfort zones don't come much plusher than the one habitually occupied by Matthew McConaughey, who must read the words "arrogant, torso-flaunting alpha male" in script synopses and think: "That'll do."
Director Waters pulls out the odd cracker, injecting Dickens' timeless story of redemption with a healthy dose of self-awareness.
As much as you'd love to hate it, this jaunty supernatural romcom remains a polished, amusing, surprisingly sweet diversion.
In the worst performance of his career, McConaughey plays Connor as so insufferable that Jenny would obviously be much better off with somebody else. Anybody else. Even Russell Brand.
Alas, it swiftly ditches the pithy asides as it hurtles towards its treacly ending.
Ephemeral, ridiculously amusing 'date movie' that will evaporate before summer.
McConaughey is so used to playing the rogue he has forgotten how to be likeable.
As far as the mightily abused McConaughey romantic comedies go, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is actually one of his better outings.
The film cuddles its Dickensian soft centre in a Mills & Boon soft casing. Où sont les wisecracks d'antan? Almost extinct.
There isn't an original thought in the film, but it bounds along amusingly.
Romance may be alive and well but the charming, well-made romantic comedy continues to look like an endangered species thanks to Ghosts Of Girlfriends Past.
Though it pours the sentiment on at its conclusion, Waters's film has a nasty misogynist edge, suggesting that women are gasping for cads such as Connor to seduce them.
Enjoyable, well acted romcom that pushes all the right emotional buttons, though it's not as consistently funny as it should have been.
We end up with the expected platitudes on the importance of commitment, but the getting there is unusual, enjoyable and sporadically funny, enlivened by Waters' knowing way with genre conventions.
Even if you're willing to check your brain at the door and suspend your disbelief for 100 minutes, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past has just a few fleeting moments of hilarity, but ultimately falls flat as comedy, romance and drama...
For a movie about ghosts, it's lacking in spirit.
Matthew McConaughey doesn't have a ghost of a chance in this mirthless romantic comedy that's anything but ROMANTIC.
Why does Hollywood have such a knack for getting romantic comedies so wrong? Who knows, but they owe it to performers like Garner to find a way to do better.
It also doesn't do the story any favors that it has makes Garner a one-dimensional nincompoop pining for a Neanderthal.
This is the cinematic blending of two familiar formulas: the 'love, lose and then love again' framework of most romantic comedies with the idea of transforming ghosts from the classic A Christmas Carol.
You know you're watching a bare-bones, witless screenplay when the writers can't merge the Dickensian parable with the morals of modern-day casual sex by making a good old-fashioned Yet-To-Come joke about the final ghost.
a.k.a. "The Bride Wore Blah"
Not as deep as Matthew McConaughey's dimples.
Carves out a little place for itself as one of the few romantic comedies of 2009 that doesn't annoy or insult the viewer's intelligence.
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past never comes as close as spitting distance to a laugh.
A bizarre conflation of chick flick and A Christmas Carol.
Douglas, radiating an arid narcissism, does look as if he was recently exhumed. Whether this is a deliberate makeup choice or unfortunate lighting is hard to guess.
The formulaic story evaporates faster than cotton candy, and it's often as cloyingly sweet and tacky.
This romantic comedy/fantasy goes exactly where we expect it to go. (And that can't be considered a serious plot 'spoiler'. Anyone who's ever seen a movie fantasy will be able to predict this film's ending.)
A cheerless rip-off of A Christmas Carol.
Overall, Ghosts offers a couple quick laughs in passing, but the movie never seems to generate sparks. All in all, it's a bit like kissing your sister.
Despite my McConaughey resistance I got more guilty chuckles from Ghosts of Girlfriends Past than Failure to Launch or Four Christmases.
If Charles Dickens isn't spinning in his grave, it's only because Matthew McConaughey's career is in the way.
Ghosts is better-than-average McConaughey swill, but not by much -- that's its pleasure and its curse.
McConaughey is mildly coasting. He has danced these steps before.
Chief among the disappointments of the new romantic comedy Ghosts Of Girlfriends Past is that McConaughey plays an upscale version of his Dazed And Confused character, yet that creepy edge has been filed off again.
Despite inducing some guilty grins, McConaughey's character is unforgivably shallow. The likable Garner has little to do except wait for his inevitable breakthrough.
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past requires a certain finesse -- really, how do you sell a romantic comedy about a twisted womanizer, and how do you get the audience to buy his inevitable turnaround? -- and neither Waters nor his leading man are up to the task.
Like Connor with his women, the film picks up ideas and then drops them. At one point, Connor reflects on Wayne: 'I never figured out why he called me Dutch.' Weirdly, neither do we.
The potential is here for a comedy that could have been hilarious. But the screenplay spaces out some undeniably funny lines in too much plot business, and Matthew McConaughey, while admirably villainous as a lecher, is not convincing as a charmer.
[An] odious romantic comedy...has all the depth and charm of an unwashed pillow case. Needlessly unimaginative and cloying...
A get even sex addiction comedy, with some quickie laughs, that retools the basics of A Christma Carol, but comes off like a commitment challenged Scrooge on Viagra. And what's with the PG-13, is this meant as a manual for underage two-timers in training?
Ghosts is a Matthew McConaughey romantic comedy that would be better off without Matthew McConaughey. It's come to a point in this performer's career where his inability to alter his natural spray-tanned ooze has rendered his acting tiresome.
You can count the jokes that work on one hand; the rest is pratfalls and predictability.
This rom/com gave me nightmares.
The Dickens elements elevate Ghosts of Girlfriends Past above the level of pure formula; unfortunately, the presence of McConaughey in full sleaze mode makes it difficult to like this film's Scrooge, even after his redemption occurs.
The movie is cheesy, tacky, and gimmicky. But as directed by Mark Waters, it's also prankish and inventive enough to be kind of fun.
This crude reworking of Dickens was probably a bad idea to begin with, but it's so haplessly done that it didn't have a ghost of a chance.
Lacking wit and subtlety, this high-concept comedy suffers from casting McConaughey, who has the cockiness but not the likability as the eternal bachelor, and lack of chemsistry between him and the gifted Garner; it's Doulglas who walks out with the film
Quite honestly, you have much better things to do with your time.
Poorly written, indifferently directed, it's multiplex filler at its worst...Who is it exactly that thinks Matthew McConaughey is funny?
McConaughey's self-satisfied and oleaginous performance scrapes away the trace amounts of charm the film has to offer.
Above all, it will make you long for a day when studio movies about relationships feel like they are by and for adults who have actually been in one.
The plot's eventual denigration of the single life and endorsement of soul mates and happily-ever-afters is predictably rote.
As written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore and directed by Mark Waters, the movie clumps through one witless if not wince-evoking sequence after another without the relief of laughter.
Starts unpromisingly but ends up, thanks largely to co-star Jennifer Garner, being briefly affecting.
A second-rate sex farce...mostly clunky and vaguely unsavory.






@highlight

A retread of A Christmas Carol , featuring Matthew McConaughey in a retread of his Dazed and Confused role, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past lacks originality, humor, and any semblance of charm.