a gripping tale of rescue and escape from death
Stranded is remarkable documentary filmmaking, unflinching and full of unlikely grace.
A tale of horror, heroism, unimaginable physical challenges, and, yes, cannibalism, Stranded offers the kind of real-life drama that can't help but bring up notions of God, fate, and nature's imposing will.
... a serious documentary which is respectful of the feelings of all concerned, and gives the survivors ample time to explain their choices.
Stranded is a magnificent achievement: a true nonfiction epic that makes its predecessors seem puny. What were the Academy Awards voters thinking when they recently rejected it from this year's documentary competition?
Suspenseful and powerful.
The movie far outdistances the two earlier, partially fictionalized film accounts of the incident and goes against expectations at every turn to be an eerie, unsettling and strangely inspiring survival epic.
It's more disturbing than a fiction film could get. If you love true-life survival stories... this is the ultimate one! Unbelievable!
Can you call a movie 'feel-good' if it includes an aviation disaster, a deadly avalanche, and human cannibalism? That's the paradox of the grueling yet ultimately exhilarating Stranded.
Far too long at 126 minutes, "Stranded" adds little to what we have already been told about this heroic tale of survival. First hand accounts of cannibalism are handled deftly and with respect, but that is not enough to carry an entire film
A film impossible to forget.
We are a bit less fraudulently sure of ourselves afterward.
I...encourage anyone who appreciates a fascinating, exciting and well-told true story to see this film.
"Stranded" may be the ultimate tale of survival, but Arijon's film is distinctly spiritual.
At just over two hours, Stranded is nonstop harrowing. It has cumulative power. Since we already know the outcome of the crash, [director] Arijón doesn't inject into the proceedings a false note of suspense.
In Stranded, the endless whiteness of the plane crash survivors' new environment comes to reflect and affect their evolving "society."
So powerful is Stranded that when the lucky few finally make their way back to civilization, you feel as thrilled as if they were your own loved ones.
An uplifting tale of triumph over nature and a moving tribute to the indomitability of the human spirit.
This is a well-known story, told in multiple feature films, books, and 'Where are they now?' human-interest news items. It's no exaggeration to say that Gonzalo Arijon's Stranded is the definitive version.
Once again, the specifics of Uruguayan Air Flight 571 are told well, but a real understanding of what survivors went through is still out of reach.
Intimate, terrifying and positively riveting.
Stranded is not about dying or the afterlife; it tells a story about both the precariousness and powerful pull of this life and about how difficult it is to pinpoint the deciding factor between life and death.
Ultimately, Stranded is about good people surviving with dignity and decency through the worst that can be imagined. Could there be a more appropriate film for the times we live in now?
Stranded, which combines testimony by those survivors with staged reenactments of their ordeal, is the opposite of sensational.
What makes Stranded reverberate are the piercing ironies that surface -- from one interviewee's casual snacking as he discusses his ordeal, to the ritualistic, eateth-my-flesh, drinketh-my-blood connotations of the team's moniker: the Old Christians.
Gonzalo Arijón's documentary Stranded offers an incontrovertible argument for the necessity of team spirit in the face of catastrophe.
An impressive spiritual meditation on the values of community, self-sacrifice, unity with others, hope, loving cooperation that are necessary for human survival on this planet.
Stranded is the rare movie less complex and interesting than its press kit.
Film festival awards and media encomiums notwithstanding, 'Stranded' does not come to grips with what we think of as 'miracle.'
Arguably the definitive retelling of the disaster … What the survivors reveal about their experiences offers unique light on what it means to be human.
The film's care in telling the story produces a real sense of condemnation for the invasiveness of the media after the survivors return.
The thoughts and emotions the movie stirs up in the viewer makes it one of the more powerful documentaries of the year.
Somber and exhaustive, the film manages to avoid exploitation while still conveying the harrowing ordeal of its subjects.
Part of the achievement of Stranded comes in how it isn't merely interested in how these young men survived the crash of Flight 571; it's just as interested in how they survived what came after.
Stranded: I've Come From a Plane That Crashed in the Mountains is an oxymoron: a docu constructed from re-enactments, talking heads and no actual footage of the story it tells, but that still packs a knock-out punch.

@highlight

Stranded is a thoroughly uplifting account of the well-known tragedy, with touching testimony from remaining survivors.