A slight but fun romp through Greek mythology with a modern twist...Grown-ups will hate it, but tween-age kids will have a blast.
CG spectacle trumps character but, as engineered market-fillers go, it's at least cheerfully cheap and not unlikeable: a Poundland Potter, as it were.
For the majority of Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters, the titular character spends his time moping over the uncertainty of his heroism.
A kitsch-fest; a kit-and-caboodle thematic ransacking sellout, geared to drain your kiddie dollars. Like a city dump, you can find anything in there-but would you want to?
It's still a fun adventure for tweens and early teens, but Percy and co are just going through the motions rather than stepping up.
Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters is a good special effects family movie that's every bit as accomplished as The Lightning Thief and possibly better-even if it doesn't follow the Rick Riordan juvenile fantasy novels like a road map.
...impressively fares almost as well as its above-average predecessor...
the film might have been more charming with Ray Harryhausen effects than with CGI
Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters doesn't present a world with depth or originality... but as far as cinematic adaptations of young adult novels go, it thankfully strikes the right tone."
With sequels of this type, we tend to see the stakes raised and the action increased to even more exciting levels than before, but for "Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters," things are pretty much the same, but somehow made even blander than before.
There is plenty of action, the acting is good and the story is good enough to get by. It is not a bad film. It is about like the first film in the series.
A fine follow-up to the first film in the franchise. The series doesn't regress, but it doesn't improve much either.
More pretty good, if forgettable FX-driven franchise fodder...proficiently directed...also features the ever-surprising Stanley Tucci, who sports the latest in a long line of formidable movie wigs.
If PERCY JACKSON & THE OLYMPIANS: THE LIGHTNING THIEF gave a studio hope enough to jumpstart this franchise then PERCY JACKSON: SEA OF MONSTERS ensures that it 'sleeps with the fishes.'
The thin, silly story stretched into a showcase for visual and special effects left me even colder than the cinema (VMax 2, Event, Sydney)
The vivid fantasy visuals provide wonderful imagery in this sequel about demi-gods and their quests, although to its detriment, the film is plot heavy and lacking in its emotional arc. It is pretty silly, too
These are broad pulp action scenarios that feel sweet, well-worn, and kind of timeless.
Only the brightest colors of the Crayola box are used, whether to sketch out the characters' motivations or illuminate the cartoony visual effects.
A brisk and fun stand-alone adventure that again blends in clever nods to familiar Greek mythology as well as plants promising seeds for larger arcs.
The most memorable scene doesn't showcase Confederate zombies or the reawakened Kronos but 'Firefly' star Nathan Fillion as Hermes, god of speed, dressed like a parcel messenger and bemoaning the fact that the best TV shows are 'of course, canceled.'
Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters is harmless fun, visually exciting and breezy enough to both enthral its tween audience and hold the attention of accompanying adults.
Worthy adaptation of the Rick Riordan novel, and should set up the next installment in the series.
With a complete change in creative personnel and adjusted expectations Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters is a noticeable improvement over the first adventure, but it's still awkward and unsure of itself.
It's great fun for kids
For the most part, the film's fusion of ancient myth and modern teen fantasy seems clumsy and forced, and the story's all-too generic quest narrative is muddled rather than engaging.
Not in the same class as J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series, Sea of Monsters nevertheless is a passable late-summer action-fantasy-adventure for younger audiences.
A smart, derivative load of Bulfinch, its director Thor Freudenthal has a name perfectly suited to link the mythical and the psychoanalytical.
There can't have been a very big demand for a sequel to 2010's The Lightning Thief, but at least this is another adequate adventure for the teen demigods.
What it had going for it, though,is that is has the Greek myths, which form the raw material of the story and have enthralled humankind for several thousand years.
None of it's particularly unpleasant, it just smacks of zero effort: a cast and crew perpetuating the franchise solely because some number-cruncher decided it was worth the investment.
While Percy didn't give me a day-long headache like The Wolverine, accepting the extra [3D] dimension distracts from concentrating on who's who.
Scrappy and kind-hearted, with odd flashes of high camp - even if its universe of patchworked Greek mythological elements still makes little sense.
Interesting. A film based on Greek mythology is done by a guy named Thor.
The moral of the story, such as it is, is that family is important and, um, appearances are skin deep, I think.
A lack of personality is the film's only major problem, but it is major.
Not every demographic will embrace it, but it should find a solid audience with younger movie fans. Older moviegoers who are tired of this summer's action films with dark tones can find some light relief with Percy and the gang.
Whiny, listless and repetitive.
Precious little about this is particularly memorable, but it's the odd touch of local color that makes these routine acts of derring-do a bit easier to bear.
Didn't we get past this type of CGI in the mid-90's??
Episodically plotted, Sea Of Monsters is slick, well-produced fluff that's shamelessly derivative. Kinda dumb fun, though.
The kids are charmless, the adults bemused.
This ham-fisted, teen-centric blend of Harry Potter and the infinitely more spellbinding Jason and the Argonauts comes within a cyclops' eyelash of being so bad it's almost (but not quite) good.
The tween and teen target audience will no doubt lap Sea Of Monsters up, but adults will be disappointed by its feeble protagonist and uninvolving plot.
There is a better film about gods and monsters: it's called Gods and Monsters.
There might be very little here we haven't seen executed with more skill, but for the film's target market and the sizeable fanbase of Rick Riordan's source novels, Sea of Monsters will be a stirring and spellbinding ride.
Divine inspiration's in short supply in the sophomore outing for the teenage demigod, here afflicted with a crisis of confidence Thor Freudenthal's so-so sequel seems to share.
Remains a watchable sequel thanks to likeable characters, pacey direction and the odd comic touch in the script.
For kids, Percy and pals are good company and the special effects are often fresh and eye-popping. There are further benefits for the few older fans on hand who love mythology.
A tepid sequel no one was really clamouring for.
Lerman is adroit at looking eager and battle-worthy but not too cocky in a film as much about character development as sword play.
This is a thoroughly second-rate franchise.
...a special effects laden fantasy where one can actually follow the action and focus on the characters. This summer that's quite an achievement all by itself.
There are isolated moments of fun to be had in Sea of Monsters, and standout supporting players make the paint-by-numbers quest story easier to stomach.
{Percy] wants to prove that he's not a "one-quest wonder," but this movie franchise-wannabe doesn't escape that dig.
There are plenty of bad films to get riled up about in the summer. "Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters" isn't one of them. This is harmless tween-centric fun.
Even for those missing their Harry Potter fix, this is some weak, watered-down stuff.
Young movie fans will likely find enjoyment in Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters but the film is a step down for the franchise in nearly every single way imaginable.
If nothing else his film stands out for its quaint scale in a summer of gigantic blockbusters, but that lack of size isn't enough to warrant a watch.
Yes, this is the point in the summer when I outsource my critical judgment to my kids.
Somehow all these wrongs add up to an inexplicable right. It's why children love improvised bedtime stories -- a meandering, faulty narrative can be a ton of fun.
Yes, Percy faces his Charybdis, but...Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters not surprisingly feels more dutiful than creatively energized.
That rare sequel that is far superior to the underwhelming start of the franchise, Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters has a snappy pace, appealing performers, and a refreshing lack of exposition that help make it a solid family-friendly fantasy adventure.
a teen boy who seems like he just wants to continue being "friends" with the super hot gal pal who will be inspiring new and confusing feelings in all of the tween boys in the crowd, their daddies and the more adventurous mommies
Action-packed sequel still doesn't live up to book series.
You might think it would be endlessly awesome being the offspring of an Olympian god, but it seems like kind of a drag, really, for young Percy Jackson.
Rehash of the Titans.
In Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters, choosing the dumbest character is a colossal task.
Freudenthal conjures the forces of Spielberg and Rowling to craft a fantasy romp that, much like its predecessor, is far too tense with exposition to really let 'er rip.
If subsequent Percy movies can rise to the level of Sea of Monsters, I predict smooth sailing for this enjoyable YA fantasy series.
Tweens and young teens should be sufficiently distracted by the movie's brisk pace and heroic mayhem - if they're not too unnerved by its at times nightmarish imagery.
'Sea of Monsters' knows exactly what kind of movie it is and when it was over I left fully willing to sit through another Percy Jackson movie.
What "Sea of Monsters" really skimps on is 1. Sea and 2. Monsters.
There's very little fun to be had watching a kids' flick so aware of its own mortality.
Freudenthal does keep things moving along at a brisk pace. Yet, there are so many elements and other things thrown into the mix that you half expect to see a kitchen sink show up at some point. (Full Parental Review also available)
Without urgency or peril, it's flimsy, fantastical fun aimed at pre-teens familiar with pop-culture Greek mythology.
The stakes in this latest, disappointing Harry Potter wannabe never feel as high as they should, or as important as its characters seem to think they are.
Even better than the first. The young actors are more comfortable, their characters better established, and the special effects more, well, special.
Before it descends into Percy Jackson and the Things That Happen in Movies Like This, the adventure at times clicks into the inventive groove of Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson novels ...
With its broad humour and less than serious tone, it's clearly aimed at tween and teen set and it's likely to be a crowd-pleaser among that demographic.
Characters don't so much have conversations as read Dungeons & Dragons manuals at each other. The whole thing feels like exposition in search of a story.
The movie feels like a watch-the-bottom-line effort that's determined to skimp on everything - guest stars, effects, spectacle - while bringing in new characters we don't care about.
[E]liminates everything that was intriguing from the first movie ... and offers a quest that feels cobbled together from other, better material.
The drop in quality and care [from "The Lightning Thief"] is kind of a bummer.
'Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters' is exactly the kind of film that was made for me to take my teen and tween nieces to, not for me to enjoy. There's some bloodless peril, not even a whiff of romance and plenty of spirited action.
The humor and attention to character detail that made the first Percy appealing gets sidelined here in the effort to dazzle us with one action scene after another. And, for the reasons noted above, they're not dazzling enough.
This film hits its stride in a way the first one never did.
Obviously the bar isn't set that high, but Percy still manages to fumble underneath it.
With the young wizards of "Harry Potter" fading from memory, the demigod teenagers of "Percy Jackson" are starting to seem like the next best thing.
It's a shame that the millions of readers who fell in love with Riordan's classic-meets-contemporary children's stories have been handed such limp adaptations of the material.
The director never establishing a workable tone to carry a viewer through the CG effects and too many characters and monsters.
Percy is a lot like a certain bespectacled young wizard - sans the lightning-shaped scar. It's too bad his adventures don't have the same enchanting quality.
A fetching mix of whizz-bang CGI and full-blooded classical storytelling.
This predictably plotted but nonetheless fun and engaging offering harks back to matinee serials of yore, where moderated, all-ages peril and derring-do were the name of the game.
Here's a poster blurb: "Your child's attention will be briefly diverted."
"Sea of Monsters" is diverting enough - the director, Thor Freudenthal, is savvy with effects and keeps his young cast on point - but it doesn't begin to approach the biting adolescent tension of the Harry Potter movies
Spectacularly mediocre fantasy junk food, perfectly inoffensive for youngsters but too featherweight for adult genre fans.
An epic showcase for mediocre CGI and slapdash screenwriting.
The Thor Freudenthal-directed Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters, which actually runs about 10 minutes shorter than its 2010 predecessor, lacks the energetic zip of the Chris Columbus-helmed installment.
Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters feels like a sequel no one asked for and took said sentiment to heart.
Like some hybrid beast out of Greek mythology, this young-adult sequel has the body of a "Harry Potter," the head of a "Twilight," the feet of a "Hunger Games" and the tail, oddly, of a "Raiders of the Lost Ark."
As a boys' adventure tale, it's not awful, but not particularly wonderful either.
In an age where even The Smurfs 2 has to arch an eyebrow and pretend that it's hipper than itself, there's something refreshing about the lack of irony in the Percy Jackson series.
Supporting actors Stanley Tucci and Nathan Fillion have a good punch line or two, but otherwise the book's humor fails to translate with both kids and their parents.
The young cast are smug and forgettable; the action sequences barely get going before they're over; and the whole affair is riddled with product placement and pop cultural references ...
It feels as if the filmmakers are coasting on the fumes of teen-angst fantasy and making up their fairy-tale rules (Cyclopes are fireproof!) as they go along.
"You're more than a one-quest wonder," someone tells Percy Jackson at the outset of his next adventure. Not by the looks of his sequel, he isn't.
More of the same, no better and not much worse than the first film, though adding Tucci and Fillion pays off with laughs.
I'll tell you what's insane: the probability that folks will go easy on this dreck because it's aimed at younger viewers, who are being distressingly trained to expect little from their art.
Percy Jackson: Sea Of Monsters continues a tradition of adequacy that could be described as "epic-ish" or "majestic-esque."
The mythology-rooted "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" franchise is fairly engaging stuff, unabashed "Harry Potter" knockoff or no.
There isn't even an actual sea of monsters in "Sea of Monsters," unless you count some fish guts.
This all leads to yet another Hollywood showdown between heroes and a towering digital menace. What once seemed awe-inspiring is now exhaustingly commonplace.
The action sequences are reasonably handled - although shelling out for the 3D unecessary - but there's nothing here most kids won't have seen before and it lacks the emotional bite of franchises such as Harry Potter.
It has a matinee gusto which may satisfy young teens.
Elaborate backstories have more meaning when the characters are known and loved; Percy Jackson's endless exposition only demonstrates why he's nobody's favourite boy-wizard.

@highlight

It's pretty and packed with action; unfortunately, Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters is also waterlogged with characters and plots that can't help but feel derivative.