[Brief Interviews] is within the limits of the medium, a rigorous record of the process of thought.
...far more successful as an actor's showcase than as a fully-realized movie...
Intense look at gender and relationships is best for adults.
Faced with the unenviable choice between honoring his daunting inspiration and telling his own story, the director shoots straight down the middle -- and misses both targets.
John Krasinski takes a distinct, deliberate step away from romantic comedies for a darkly comic look at human interaction.
Everywhere this poor lady tries to go, there's always a guy or two loudly performing a David Foster Wallace monologue within earshot.
Painfully pretentious and shallow.
Krasinski re-creates the interviews using Wallace's original, but this isn't exactly a letter-of-the-law adaptation -- he tightens the interviews and defangs some of the language.
Offers is the opportunity for a bunch of actors, many of them tethered to TV series, to deliver theatrical monologues pulsing with misogyny and narcissism. It's like second-rate Neil Labute.
The place where consciousness runs into itself is where this author reigned supreme, and Krasinski brings Wallace's concentric, self-aware ironies to the screen.
The movie provides more questions than answers.
A haunting exploration into men's minds that becomes too much of a psychological study to qualify as accessible entertainment for most.
I worry that this film is static enough and stiff enough that it's going to keep people away from discovering David Foster Wallace if they haven't read him.
Tthough this experiment doesn't quite succeed, there's enough intelligence and insight in this movie to make it worth the attempt.
[Krasinski's] generosity of intent is really the main impression that remains. He read, he loved, and unfortunately, he did not conquer.
Too awkward, disjointed and bland while lacking dramatic momentum and true insight.
Actor John Krasinski deserves credit for having the ambition to adapt material as difficult as David Foster Wallace's short stories.
Krasinski literalizes Wallace's stylistic love of asides too much, but it helps that he's aware enough of his movie's limitations to keep Brief Interviews blessedly short.
Everyone speaks in the sweatily polysyllabic, Look-at-This-Writing-I'm-Doing tone that makes a page of Wallace pass like an hour on the treadmill, and the men are dopes or creeps.
The Penis Monologues!
It's an undeniably ambitious, if uneven, effort. Some of Krasinski's directorial flourishes are inspired, such as Christopher Meloni's imaginative re-telling (and offbeat re-enacting) about a woman he met as she stood crying at the airport.
Compacted into an 80-minute mishmash of interviews, confessions and sketches, melded into a shaky mosaic, the answers from a cross section of men are shallow, self-serving and ultimately unenlightening.
These performers, as inspired as some of them are, spoil a sinister book with earnest acting.
Flawed and uncertain and occasionally too mannered, yes, but it is also funny and unorthodox and sharp as a razor.
Sometimes humorous, sometimes repulsive, never insightful, the movie comes off like the work of an overeager college student.
Krasinski stitches these raw blasts of the subconscious with interludes that exude a pleasing, Woody Allen-esque tone, all fall colors and potent theorizing over white wine
The movie is never a chore to watch, but its characters feel like microbes under glass: tiny, remote and insignificant.
Krasinski preserves Wallace's whooshing roller coasters of words, powered by the fuel of confession.
Whatever it was about Hideous Men that so deeply affected Krasinski the college student has been lost in translation.
The question is, could someone turn these full-frontal-dudity snapshots into a satisfying, cohesive movie? Answer: no, but not for lack of trying.
Will surely allow you to see John Krasinski in a different light, both as a filmmaker and as a dramatic actor.
Brief Interviews is interesting in pieces, but overwhelming in its totality.
John Krasinski's adaptation of David Foster Wallace's ... Brief Interviews With Hideous Men works only in spurts, but when it does, it's enough to remind us how much deeper our dramatists could drill -- and of the magnitude of Wallace's loss.
The most impressive thing about Krasinski's direction is his self-assured ability to know when it's time to mix in visual elements, and when it's best to simply point a camera at a good storyteller and let the actor speak.
An uneven, intriguing adaptation of David Foster Wallace's book of short stories, the film and its bits-and-pieces structure ultimately don't add up to as much as hoped.
Fails for all the reasons you'd expect it to fail.
Feels like 25 very brief stage plays jammed together -- maybe five of which are worth sitting through.
Brief Interviews With Hideous Men is a noble failure of a film that's worth a lot more than many of the safer if more achieved works premiering beside it at Sundance 2009.


@highlight

Ambitious but uneven, John Krasinski's adaptation of David Foster Wallace's Brief Interviews with Hideous Men tries hard but doesn't match the depth of the book.