By the half way point I was beginning to take back everything I said re Steven Soderbergh's dull-as-ditchwater Che: Part II - even he manages to drum up more tension than this.
Unfolds like a series of as outtakes from Hollywood productions
'The Lost City' is intriguing as a historical document and adequate as cinema, but it has a blandness at its core that no amount of spicy mambo and booty-quaking dance routines can disguise.
There may be a good film here, but it struggles to break free of the cumbersome framework.
Andy Garcia's preposterous vanity project The Lost City is an all-singing, all-dancing version of the Cuban Revolution.
The script is scrupulously even-handed, but Garcia can't seem to get a grip on this sprawl.
Great music and costumes, but with a woeful plot and jaw-droppingly stilted dialogue. Cuban-born Garcia's main complaint against Fidel seems to be that rich, corrupt Cubans could no longer dance the night away.
Not an embarrassment, but definitely a missed opportunity.
Andy Garcia's directorial debut is a flawed and overlong but nonetheless watchable drama with strong performances, a superb soundtrack and bizarre appearances from Dustin Hoffman and Bill Murray.
Garcia obviously has more ambition than skill.
Garcia is just too earnest to make his dream project anything but deadly dull.
It's by no means a flawless film, but it's a meaty one, and if you're a big fan of Andy Garcia, I'd definitely recommend it. (Plus, Bill Murray's in there.)
When it succeeds, the film conveys a bittersweet longing for a lost moment and the unfulfilled promise of a democratic Cuba.
...plays like a confusing and inferior Caribbean analog to The Godfather, without anything like the narrative drive of Coppola's film.
While the soundtrack of Cuban dance music is superb, this historical drama is leaden and simply too long-winded for its own good.
Shapeless stories that drift away from the revolution, puffed up by a biased take on 1959 Cuba with the hot air of romance.
Garcia's storytelling lacks highs and lows and has far too much going on. And on.
The result has a potluck rather than persuasive, integrated quality.
For a tribute to a lost city, Garcia has made a lost film.
Book-ended by fine songs; in between, Garcia offers more than two hours of clumsy Coppola/Scorsese karaoke...
Even though the movie is made with an abundance of heart, it's sad to report that the final result has only a weak pulse.
It's handsome and heartfelt but mired in murky politics, plot inertia, musical montages and painfully pointed symbolism.
Garcia needed better guiding hands and eyes in the editing room to jettison the many parts that bog down the story.
... when it finds its footing, it becomes the movie it longs to be. And that happens often enough to make it worth finding, even when it seems as lost as the city it loves.
Unsteady but often entrancing.
Somehow simultaneously too much and not enough. At 143 minutes, it well overstays its welcome as a movie, but with a little more fleshing out it might have worked as a miniseries.
Turgid, lumpy and almost unwatchably dull.
It's a potent work, enlivened by fabulous Cuban music and Garcia's obvious love for his land and his culture.
Unfortunately, Garcia is inept as a director. His scenes are shapeless and bloated with self-important speeches.
Unfortunately, the broad scope leads to a tedious pace, as Garcia lacks the restraint to match his keen visual eye.
It's barely coherent as it is, but at 2 hours and 23 minutes, The Lost City is simply infuriating.
Too scattered, too confused, too patched-together to work dramatically.
The movie has too many stories to tell and tells none of them very well.
Our cue that Garcia is acting is when he furiously bats his eyes in his smoldering emotional scenes. Either that, or he's allergic to the smoke from all those Cuban cigars.
For a film rooted in the director's own experience, The Lost City is surprisingly unilluminating.
Garcia's fans and viewers who love Cuban music will probably enjoy The Lost City if they don't mind the long run time.
Listening to the soundtrack would likely provide a better artistic experience than watching this predictable plot play out.
If you want to see a good, entertaining movie about Havana, circa 1958, better to rent Havana, than waste your money on this turkey.
The coming CD, not the DVD, should be the keeper.
Somewhere amid the bric-a-brac -- hot rhythms, ocean breezes and political upheaval and melodrama -- a movie languishes. Garcia never really finds it.
A pretty bauble, a trinket offered when the stakes of barter were life and death.
What makes this movie interesting is the family (and not just because it's made up of 3 beautiful brothers). It's a love story, between a man and a woman and between a people and their country.
While earnest in intent and visually elegant, simply too narratively amorphous and emotionally desiccated.
Lovely to look at, and its mixture of Cuban standards and Garcia originals is delightful to listen to.
Though the filmmaker's feel for his Cuban heritage is bone-deep, it's a glazed and dolorous movie -- a depressed epic.
As a musical fever dream of paradise lost, The Lost City is a flawed success, boasting just enough truth and admirable purpose to justify the hazards of Garcia's passion.
The film suggests a dutiful if clunky pastiche of The Godfather and a right-wing Reds, with Fellove and his brothers and parents representing a spectrum of possible responses to the Cuban revolution.
... full of characters with import more symbolic than dramatic (Bill Murray plays a veritable court jester), ideas that wander and contradictions that dissipate.
A tribute to pre-revolutionary Havana, an elegy on what was lost, a little payback for a regime that drove his family out and, best of all, a synthesis of the driving Afro-Cuban rhythms of the extraordinary music.
You can see why Garcia was drawn to this material, but he hasn't had much luck shaping it into a film.
'That's not filmmaking,' I thought, 'that's photography.' 'That's not acting, that's posing.' 'That's not Jon Lovitz, it's Andy Garcia!'
The Lost City has a subject, a setting and a historical backdrop, but in the foreground it has a relatively passive protagonist, Fico, whose passions are understated and whose fortunes inspire only minor concern.
Overdirected, yes, but it's an epic, passionate portrayal.
Feels like the distillation of countless conversations and family legends, rehearsed from time immemorial by Cubans who fled their homeland and sought to re-create it in their memories.
It's the sort of epic that aspires to tell Cuba's modern political history and celebrate its people without introducing us to a single believable character.
Musical...handsome...poignantly nostalgic...The Lost City is a lot of things, but what it's not is incisive.
Throbbing with music, seething with anger and romance, The Lost City is a film that breaks your heart, bewilders, alienates and ravishes you by turns.
Handsomely executed but hopelessly flawed.
This is a very sad and winsome film.
As a director, Garcia is such a sucker for gratuitous crosscutting and glossily elliptical filmmaking that viewers can be forgiven for mistaking Lost City for a 143-minute montage sequence.
Garcia, who fled the country with his family as a young boy, obviously has a fierce passion for this material, and he knows to his very soul.
Garcia's aching nostalgia for the glittering Havana of his dreams is palpable, but he winds up painting by the same 'doomed romance against a backdrop of revolution' numbers as piffle like Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights.
... a lost movie that seems like it takes 16 years to end.
How the movie's politics will sit with the audience aside, one of the problems in this overlong melodrama is the distracting casting of Bill Murray as a wisecracking sidekick and Dustin Hoffman as mobster Meyer Lansky.
The sprawling -- two hours, 23 minutes -- epic meanders in places and its mix of tones and templates do not always serve its narrative. But the movie comes from the heart, filled with a passion that carries it through its rougher patches.
Havana may remain, in many ways, a lost city, but it'll take more than this movie to find it.
... the film seems like a mini-series edited to feature length without time for character development.
The Lost City manages to make Havana, Sydney Pollack's disastrous 1990 attempt at a Casablanca homage set against the Cuban revolution with Robert Redford, look good by comparison.
... a haphazard jumble.
Noteworthy and well-intended, The Lost City isn't exactly a lost opportunity, just a sincerely limited one.
... a romantic epic manque that swoons across the screen for nearly two and a half hours without saying much ...
... it's too long, politically confusing and painfully self-indulgent, loaded with too many tertiary characters and darting from one subplot to the next like a butterfly with hiccups.
Compelling in fits and starts, actor-director Andy Garcia's The Lost City possesses grand aspirations but troublesome execution.
A lot goes wrong in this overlong movie, but it has a human touch.
...even trying to put [politics] aside, The Lost City has a number of problems.
Staged with credibility and loads of Cubano flair, the film slows to a sludgy crawl, giving us lots of time to consider it as a pro-old-guard, anti- revolutionary elegy.
Andy Garcia takes his time showing putting a plague on both the houses of Batista and Castro.
Garcia offers the film to the Cuban community as something we should all be happy to see, but his esteem does not excuse the film's aesthetic mediocrity, cultural ignorance, and colossal self-absorption.
Garcia's overindulgence is punishing but I didn't come to the theatre to be soaked in soap opera sentiment.
Somewhere inside this overlong, sometimes engaging, often tedious affair, there may be a solid, 100-minute movie.
Despite the strong emotional connection many Miamians will feel toward the movie, The Lost City falls far short of the sweep, complexity and passion it strives for.




@highlight

Its heart is in the right place, but what starts as a promising exercise devolves into an overlong, unevenly directed disappointment.