The film, a behind-the-scenes look at several trainers' efforts to get their horses into fighting shape for the brief contest, lacks the depth or context to make it compelling.
The movie has more heart than art, but it's unfailingly genuine.
The filmmakers emphasize the disparate personalities of the trainers, who can taste victory with every stride of the beautiful animals with whom they work, groom and feed.
The video is dully and cheaply shot, but the Hennegans are lifelong racing fans with family ties to the sport, and their infatuation with the derby is infectious.
It sure inspired me to make plans for Emerald Downs.
The First Saturday in May digs in its heels with acute portraits of six trainers, including a paralyzed ex-cyclist in California and an MS-stricken Lexington native who works for the royal family of Dubai.
Granted sweep and stature by the triumph of the legendary Derby winner Barbaro and the big shadow cast by his tragic destiny, pic successfully elaborates on the sorts of color pieces that traditionally precede the race on television.
It's got its share of characters, plenty of triumphs, and a Shakespearean tragedy at its core. When it comes to drama, that's a hard combination to beat.
The horses' quest for the Kentucky Derby is supposed to be the big-picture idea, but there isn't a whole lot of horse footage--too much standing around in stalls waiting.
From the breezy essence of Michael Matz to the frankness of Frank Amonte, each trainer has a story and ambition to get to the top. The goal of the filmmakers is not only to promote their favorite sport but to bring more people into the power of it.
The reason I don't love the Kentucky Derby documentary The First Saturday in May is because it's about a bunch of dull people who keep blocking our view of beautiful, fascinating horses.
The story isn't just about the result, but rather a look at lives and hopes that are part of our American culture.
For anyone with an interest in racing, First Saturday is a sure bet.
Horse-racing fans will likely just find fun and nobility here; others may find a too easy faade stripped bare and ugly. Fate intervened in this film. Perhaps it was trying to tell us something.
All-consuming passion and the ways in which it works positively and negatively in the lives of six horse trainers is brought to the screen brilliantly in the new documentary The First Saturday in May, an inside look at the run-up to the 2006 Derby.
As the filmmakers tell us at the beginning, 40,000 Thoroughbreds are born every year, but only 20 make it to the Kentucky Derby. Thus starts the movie's confusion about whether it is a documentary about the horses or their human competitors.
Never [coalesces] into a greater portrait and tending to cancel each other out. Sometimes a story does need a star.
Audiences watching the scene in which Matz coaxes his young son into petting the powerful horse will be every bit as touched emotionally as the horse on screen is physically.
...once the Hennegans begin their build to the final race, everything false into place with a quickening intensity towards 'the most exciting two minutes in sports.'
While competently made and an overall enjoyable experience for those with a less-than-passing interest in racing, the film will likely be only of interest to the deep-rooted fan.
May takes its sweet time getting to the big day, but that eventually works in its favor, since the filmmakers are ultimately more concerned with the journey than the destination.
It's pretty much for people who know the game well and want their perceptions massaged, not challenged.
First Saturday isn't exactly a winner, but it places.
Handicapped by an unavoidable postscript that even nonfans are apt to recall: the eventually fatal injury in the Preakness Stakes to Derby winner Barbaro.
A generally upbeat film, it could easily work as a promotion for the sport-although it does offer some sad moments courtesy of the much-publicized tragedy of Barbaro.


@highlight

This touching documentary about the horses and trainers behind the Kentucky Derby leads up to the two most exciting minutes in sports.