A superb cast led by Hugh Dancy and Jonathan Pryce with able support from Maggie Gyllenhaal and Felicity Jones, make this a must see.
Hysteria isn't hysterical, but it's a light-hearted romp that will create its own buzz.
Effective acting and Tanya Wexler's direction of a taboo topic (especially given the era in which it's set) cannot save the unbearably choppy and uneven writing of the movie.
It's the writing that sinks Hysteria, and there's no machine that can alleviate that.
A lame love triangle, suffragist speechifying and a wee bit of coy tittering regarding ladies' private parts.
When you think of vibrators, 'charming' probably isn't the first word that comes to mind.
Given the allure of learning the origins of something as buzzworthy as the vibrator, Hysteria provides just enough pleasures to give it a pass.
Don't be fooled by the period costumes and British accents, Hysteria is as obvious and pandering as comedies get.
The film's light-hearted fictionalising of real events combines a mild feminist history lesson with mildly saucy fun.
Bizarrely, this film is as about as inoffensive as it gets, despite the fact it contains uncountable scenes of Hugh Dancy wanking off bored housewives...
There's probably a fascinating, complex story behind the invention of the vibrator in 19th century London, but this silly farce isn't it
These are gifted actors who have a decent sense of timing, so they're able to add a hint of gravitas beneath the surface while avoiding most of the stereotypes
[B]reezy, witty, and only gently naughty... [H]ello, steampunk orgasm!
It's all rather sweet in its way, as it treads gingerly round and round its subject. Nicely acted too, especially by Gyllenhaal and Pryce.
Beneath its saucy surface Hysteria is a rather sweet romantic comedy.
Sadly, a decent cast, including Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jonathan Pryce and Hugh Dancy, are constrained by a safe script when a spot of wild abandon was required.
Maggie Gyllenhaal channels Emma Thompson on heat. No sale.
Gyllenhaal rises above the tedium; sadly, not far enough. Great English accent, though.
Hysteria is a history lesson customised as a costume comedy.
It's a buzz.
Tanya Wexler's staggeringly bad period comedy wears out its AA batteries fast, despite its teasing premise.
Neither funny enough nor serious enough, Hysteria is a series of constant disappointments and cringe-worthy gags which, in a different era, would probably have ended up as a film called Carry On Climax.
Hysteria is nicely played and has its fair share of decent moments, but the script struggles to find the right tone and it's hard to escape the feeling that the actual true story might have been a bit more interesting.
Hysteria features impressive costumes and sets, but its revolutionary ideas are often lacking due to its overly sexual topic.
Lightly humorous, well performed and not nearly as smutty as you might imagine. The earth may not move, but there are tingles of pleasure along the way.
Too unsexy for a date movie, too much fingering for a see-with-your-mum movie.
Hysteria goes through the motions without eliciting much of a reaction despite its seemingly racy subject matter.
More titillating than provocative, and lacking wit to make this tale of inventing the vibrator more significant and entertaining as serio-comedy.
A sly yet seriously mounted comedy that plays like a post-war Ealing Studios pin-prick satire of British character and society.
It's a tall tale that happens to be true, and, in the right hands, it could be wonderfully funny. I'm not sure that Wexler's were the right hands.
While there have been a lot of films of late involving human-machine interaction, Hysteria serves as an overdue reminder that mechanical devices can, in fact, perform helpful services that don't involve killing people or drilling through skyscrapers.
It's a terrible shame that the back-story to one of the most influential personal devices of the last 100 years was told with such puerile pedantry.
Funny, charming, warm, smart -- and probably the best romantic comedy since Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day back in 2008.
Everyone else seems a bit daunted by the subject matter.
Carefully composed images, excellent period costumes and a nice, frilly score decorate the film to such an extent it becomes wholesome and staid
Without intending to sound flippant, there is much to titillate in this delicately drawn tale about the origins of the vibrator as the world's most popular sex toy
Hysteria is a clever satire about the birth of the world's most popular sex toy, and despite some clunky rom-com plot devices it was refreshing to see a film subvert period film stuffiness with a barrage of vagina humour.
The movie is most entertaining during its pre-vibrator sequences, which generate laughs by presenting risqué material within the very civilized and even stuffy context of proper English society.
Loosely wrapped into this "true" story is the invention of the first vibrator. The film, however, generates very little buzz.
Yes, the vibrator jokes start to wear thin, but Hysteria is still lightweight fun.
A fun, loose-with-the-facts story that deftly walks the fine line separating bawdy from bad taste.
It's as foregone as the extras hitting their marks with over-rehearsed precision and the filmmakers milking laughs from their comfortable perch in the 21st century.
Director Tanya Wexler plays things broadly at times, but "Hysteria" has good fun with history while coming off far more wholesome than salacious.
What could have been a bawdy feature about the repression of not only female sexuality, but also women's rights, is at times as tightly wound and restricted as the era it pretends to portray.
Director Tanya Wexler engages in some quick, unsubtle ribbing about Victorian views of sexuality and gender. Thankfully, the charms of Dancy and Gyllenhaal make the comical history lesson quite enjoyable.
Its 95 minutes move along nicely, and Everett - languid as a cat in a sunbeam - makes his too-brief scenes into master classes of comedy.
Even an imperfect sex-toy comedy is necessary as long as we live in a world where one state (Alabama) still technically prohibits their sale. Now that's hysterical.
Has enough energy to tickle the fancy of any Anglophile.
Full of silly double entendres and lazy humor derived from the irony of people in the 1880s being unaware of obvious truths that we now take for granted.
...the movie is a schwing and a miss.
Director Tanya Wexler struggles to let much air into what could have been a delicious, winking farce.
Strained yet saucy, barely skimming the surface of the subject of female sexuality.
As a sex-education comedy, "Hysteria" is flaccid, forced and unfunny.
Begins as a smug comedy about repressed Victorians but turns into something more provocative...
The problem with "Hysteria" is that it keeps patting itself and us on the back for knowing better.
Unlike the similar comedy "The Road to Wellville," "Hysteria" never reaches a fever pitch, mostly because of its predictable Merchant/Ivory-Soap plotting.
Hysteria never gets too preachy or ponderous, and there's something in the film to educate even the most learned viewer.
...there's ultimately little doubt that the movie would've been hard-pressed to justify its existence even as a 15-minute short.
Ultimately, Hysteria isn't much more than a modest trifle of a movie, soon to be forgotten before we hit the parking lot.
A tale of social and sexual female empowerment wrapped up in a bawdy, cheerful sex comedy.
A featherweight and swiftly paced comedy.
The movie also makes all the right noises about female sexual liberation. But its good intentions are undermined by sniggering jokes...
A film with a potentially raunchy subject matter is handled with taste and elegance. Even though it's about the invention of a sex toy, it was done in such a manner that I would feel comfortable taking my mom to this.
A particularly agreeable costumed comic-drama.
While it has some amusing moments, the picture never really takes off.
A clever love story, an amusing comedy of manners, and a smart message movie.
Good vibrations all around.
Taking attention away from the novelty of the movie limits its lasting effect, shutting off the good vibes to play conventional beats of romance that don't belong in a film concentrated on the wonders of self-love.
United by their confidence and their then-revolutionary belief in the existence of germs, Dancy and Gyllenhaal make for a zesty, appealing will-they-or-won't-they.
It seems odd to call a film whose central hook is the invention of the vibrator 'cute,' but director Tanya Wexler has pulled off that seemingly impossible feat.
For a film that's so up in women's business, it's surprising how far it gets from putting an authentic woman on the screen.
Come for the titillation, stay for the naughty sex jokes, sleep during the serious bits and go home as unsatisfied as when you arrived.
Despite being loosely based on the invention of the vibrator, Hysteria isn't very risqué, though it's pleasurable enough.
It's happy to get the big facts broadly right, as long as it's allowed to have a little fun with the rest.
"Hysteria," with its period costumes and English accents, seems like a much better movie than it is.
For a light entertainment, this romantic comedy delivers an impressive amount of feminist rhetoric and historical detail.
Terrific cast pulls of amusing and intriguing story
It doesn't really know what it is. A little of this, a little of that and by the time it's done, it adds up to not much at all.
Opens with the legend "This story is based on true events," adding, "Really." Except that it isn't. Not really.
Somewhere Trey Parker and Matt Stone are grinning that they got to the title Orgazmo first.
Ostensibly a story about sexual liberation, Hysteria needs a thrill worthy of its intended good vibrations.
The performances are spot on, and I especially like the spunky Gyllenhaal...
The screenplay...uses the true life invention of the vibrator and builds a light hearted Victorian romantic comedy that pokes fun at the naivety of the men of the time.
One of the smartest, funniest and most charming movies of the year.
A well-thought-out film.
...a harmless lark that invites questions and curiosity about its subject which it is too uncommitted to address.
Hysteria [will] appeal to a much wider audience than something more intimate and direct, like Shame, but it also avoids an actual discourse on the topic.
Creative takes on history (i.e. making up the good doctor's romantic travails) are fine enough, but not when their service cuts away at anything truly interesting and meaningful.
[B]attle-of-the-sexes romantic comedy around a real historical figure. . .with fun and fanciful imagination about his life and his invention inspired by. . .social currents.
It's as if they felt they had to work all that socially conscious stuff into the mix in order to justify the risqué humor.
Hysteria is a fun fling of a movie about medical science at its shakiest. Literally.
The intriguing premise is squandered amid a series of feel-good, final-act feminist contrivances. By that time, most of the good vibrations have been tossed out the window.
Director Tanya Wexler has a lot more on her mind than "personal massagers". An insightful, entertaining, beautifully-designed and -photographed film.
It's left up to the actors to make the characters resemble actual human beings and they pull this off with varying degrees of success.
There's heartfelt drama, droll humor, an affecting love story and a feminist message that sticks.
Obviously a movie about the invention of the vibrator is going to have to approach the topic with humour, but ridiculing your main characters' psychology does not build dramatic tension.
"Hysteria," set in 1880s London, is a light comedy about a pretty dark time for the fairer sex.
...what makes 'Hysteria' so entertaining is the larger picture it paints of repressed Victorian society. That it does so in the form of a farcical comedy makes it all the more enjoyable.
It's rare to find a romance of any kind these days where the love interests truly spark, and it's a pleasure to be reminded what that looks like in Dancy and Gyllenhaal's work here.
Might have been a one-note joke, but Wexler, Dancy and Gyllenhaal make it a witty, slyly feminist comedy of sexual manners.
Despite its titillating subject matter, Hysteria is only mildly stimulating. The final third of the story meanders during a tedious trial and clumsy speechifying.
Tanya Wexler's silly, featherweight comedy about the invention of the electric vibrator.
A clever, quick-witted, informed and terrific movie!
Hysteria, a disappointingly limp ode to the invention of the vibrator, plays like a Merchant Ivory Production of Portnoy's Complaint.
Gyllenhaal ... is fresh and fierce and delightful. Too bad the entire movie hadn't simply concentrated on her, and eliminated all the rest of this awkward fumbling around.
"Hysteria" won't rock your world, but it's a perfectly good stand-in until something better comes along.
A broad period comedy that squanders a fascinating subject ... by refusing to see it from anything other than a modern, winking perspective.
Too cool for WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN YOU'RE EXPECTING? Here's a much better date movie alternative.
Hysteria comes across as a rather superficial brand of art house comedy that offers moderate entertainment value but little more.
Like the little motorized whatsit that is its subject, it does have its charms.
An engaging comedy of manners, about a time when its subject was not discussed by the well-mannered.
...a movie that's finally a little too comfortable with itself.
Wexler makes a happy, sexually robust history lesson. And whenever Rupert Everett appears as a rich fellow who distinctly does not fancy ladies, it's a hysterical history lesson of the hilarious variety.
The film giddily milks its gimmick for all it's worth, which doesn't amount to a whole lot as real emotions, situations, wit and fully realized characters lose out to lush production design and heavy-handed music.
There's nothing strictly wrong with any of this, except for the fact that even a buttoned-down period piece like Topsy-Turvy feels sexier.
Proceeds as a tedious, clumsy diddle, constantly reminding viewers how much progress has been made since the Victorian era.
Dancy, Jones and Pryce are dull, while Gyllenhaal plays the spitfire with far too much spit, thumping the other characters and the audience over the head with her do-gooder crusading.
Hopelessly antiquated, greeting with very British giggles, and without a trace of honest curiosity, the needs of the women it seeks to honor.
It's all a good bit of light, inconsequential fun.
Gyllenhall's performance is rich, earthy fun--she's both fervid and utterly charming, somehow managing to play the character's contemporary leanings without making it a distractingly contemporary performan
Needless to say, Hysteria's happy ending isn't the type that calls for a cigarette, and it certainly isn't the one the film deserves.
Though the film is a fairly plastic British period piece with all the intimacy of a Hitachi Wand, the script captures some delicate and intelligent facets of a tensely conflicted era.



@highlight

Hysteria has an amusing subject but its winking, vaguely sarcastic tone doesn't do the movie any favors.