Hardy's double performance is a joy to behold, but the film maybe doesn't quite have the conviction to make it as legendary as some would've hoped.
Legend is indecently entertaining, but as an East End western it doesn't have a thought in its head other than to forgive the Krays for all their sins.
Legend has all the elements of a period gangster film in place, along with dollops of additional dash and verve.
For all its good looks, Legend is a let-down, hampered by the vanity of its star and by what, for British audiences, at least, feels like a Krays-lite version of a very familiar story.
Fans of Tom Hardy will find plenty to like, but no one else has a reason to watch this movie.
[Tom] Hardy doesn't just act. He doesn't just become a screen character. He embodies the real-life personalities he is attempting to portray and ends up achieving something that warrants such adjectives as dynamic and fearless and even unforgettable.
Director Brian Helgeland lays everything on with a trowel, but subtlety isn't why we're here. The flash, the violence, and Tom Hardy's twin performances make Legend a fun ride.
Tom Hardy does not so much act in films as wildly devour them, drawing every last ounce of energy and audience love his way. In Legend... he sucks an entire dressing-up box towards him as well.
Legend really does waste the majority of its potential, Helgeland never tapping into the story of the Kray brothers in a way that is essential or lasting.
Tom Hardy shines in "Legend"--twice, in fact--but his satisfying dual performance is the *only* thing Brian Helgeland's film has going for it.
Legend is the best movie of the year if your idea of a great movie is watching one of our preeminent actors hamming it up for two hours and change in service of a lacking story.
An alarming botch of a biopic on top of being an all-round cheesy gangster movie.
This would almost be entirely all about surfaces if not for Hardy's portrayal of the brothers.
Lesser characters are caricatures - Eccleston as a dogged detective is particularly ill-used - and the film as a whole is all over the place, tonally and narratively. It's as if no one's sure whether it's a comedy, farce or tragedy.
Helgeland's film falls way short compared to Peter Medak's 1990 film The Krays, which elevated their story to an almost poetic level. Next to it, Legend feels like a cartoon.
Luckily, Hardy is there to pick up the pieces... this is possibly Hardy's most ambitious role to date and the Brit is magnificently enticing as both Reggie and Ronnie Kray.
Legend is entertaining, has good rhythm and makes good use of period music. The problem is that it could have been so much more, considering the material it was based on. [Full Review in Spanish]
Tom Hardy sustain the film playing the notorious Kray twins. [Full review in Spanish]
The perfect setting and the outstanding work of Tom Hardy are the reasons to see the film. [Full review in Spanish]
The script is muddled and nothing more than a space for Hardy to shine.
Tom Hardy's excellent performance is sadly not enough to pick up the work of director Brian Helgeland, who is better suited writing great stories behind cameras. [Full Review in Spanish]
Stretches a little too long, but it's a pretty good gangster film. [Full review in Spanish]
What stands out are the good performances that possibly just would like to fans of the gangster movies. [Full review in Spanish]
A dynamic tale where Tom Hardy's acting chops become the center of attention. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though the efforts to make the twins likeable and endearing characters are there, we can't really empathize with them and the film feels just like another glorification of violence for violence sake. [Full review in Spanish]
An average movie with an amazing performance by Tom Hardy. [Full review in Spanish]
Tom Hardy's double performance is worth the admission price. [Full review in Spanish]
Hardy and Emily Browning give excellent performances in this film, co-written and directed by Brian Helgeland ('42'). The story is compelling and the characters are interesting. It is a solid historical drama.
Hardy is [Legend's] saving grace, valiantly dual acting in the roles of the very different twin brothers.
A stupendous exercise of the criminal tale, of period reconstruction, of giving new life to a whole tradition. [Full Review in Spanish]
While "Legend" definitely has its drawbacks, you basically overlook or ignore them because of Hardy. His characterizations are superb, showing the contradictions and nuances of brotherly sociopaths who are laws unto themselves.
Tom Hardy impresses mightily as he"splits up with himself." Yet even with his skills, Legend often misses the mark.
Hardy is an ensemble all by himself.
As Reggie's emotionally fragile wife, Emily Browning is an oasis of sympathy amid the squalor, the only person in the movie we really give a damn about.
It's a movie that clearly states its goals but that doesn't accomplish them.
What could have been a blazing entry into the pantheon of great British mob dramas is instead a dish of stale pudding.
even if it doesn't ever rise to legendary status itself, Legend is a fitting portrait of the twin gangsters who, while they had their moment in the '60s, have already begun to fade from view
Helgeland revels in the violence and depravity, setting a dubious tone that, in that final act, has as much of a struggle as Reggie in going straight.
Legend suffers from a repetitive midsection that grows increasingly problematic...
Hardy manages to make the twins two distinct shades of brutality.
Movie violence -- it's all just a lark, innit?
Tom Hardy's performances as two-fisted, twin gangsters elevates a Sixties mob saga that will never be confused with The Godfather.
It is a riches to rags tale that is interesting enough, but without the screen domineering presence of Tom Hardy, it would barely get notice.
An entertaining but short-sighted character study gangster biopic on the identical twin cockney thugs Reg and Ron Kray.
Tom Hardy's performances as two-fisted, twin gangsters elevates a Sixties mob saga that will never be confused with The Godfather.
The examination of what made them legends apart from their bloodthirstiness isn't exactly strong. Strangely, even though the movie unfolds over several years, nobody ages.
Helgeland uses long-take shots through boisterous clubs, unreliable narration and splashes of violence to create a drama of little surprise and even less impact.
Legend seems like a movie Scorsese might have made if he wasn't paying attention - the elements are present but they are clumsily assembled and the outcome underwhelms.
It's not short of thrills, the biggest of which is Hardy's double performance.
How you start with an epic crime tale and Tom Hardy at his most Hardy and end up with something this tepid might even be a more interesting story than the movie itself.
Watching Tom Hardy nearly upstage himself in the gangster biopic Legend makes for mesmerizing viewing. It's also an object lesson in how great acting can transcend a film's limitations.
Hardy is great fun to watch here, especially as the gay-and-proud-of-it madman Reggie, a lusty plug of unfiltered brutality and childlike need. But the film itself is far from his equal...
Its narrative shortcomings are more than compensated by such a haunting performance by Tom Hardy that understands nuance and contradiction; that forgives the weakness while never absolving the criminality
While Helgeland's film as a whole is little more than a workmanlike job, many on both side of the Atlantic will respond to Hardy's energetic double turn as proof of his versatility.
A bruising, entertaining piece of crime cinema, with Tom Hardy doing great work as both twins.
There's probably a better film to be made about the Krays, but Legend has two Tom Hardys and an Emily Browning doing exemplary work. In this case, that's enough.
Tom Hardy's portrayals make this a "See It Now!" for those who appreciate Oscar-worthy performances.
Hopefully word will spread about the incredible dual performance by Tom Hardy that could, and should, propel him into the Best Actor competition.
Legend is extraordinary because of Tom Hardy's intense, passionate, and unquestionably diverse dual performances.
It's a study in performance, helped along by today's computer technology.
Doesn't make much sense of their criminal reign, cherry picking the highlights of their madness without establishing context, making the picture feel frustratingly incomplete.
The movie's a testament to the Krays' ability to get away with everything - for a while, anyway. But it's better evidence of Tom Hardy's ability to do just about anything.
Hardy's performance - nay, performances - are so electrifying they cut through the confusion. Watch "Legend" for him and him alone. He's great, times two.
Brian Helgeland, following up on his impressive Jackie Robinson biopic 42, never seems quite at home in old Blighty, but he delivers a thorough, nicely paced treatment of the brothers' rise and fall.
Legend is a bad title for a film that doesn't quite succeed in relating how these brothers became legends.
Legend offers Hardy the sort of role that an actor can really sink their teeth into. And if the film itself doesn't ever really match the level of effort on hand, it's not for any lack of effort on the endlessly versatile actor's part.
Hardy's the whole show here and as loathsome Ronnie he presents a truly disturbing portrait of a ridiculously stupid but dangerous slug.
Double the Hardy is always going to be worth laying down a few bucks to see, but more often than not his dual performances are the only thing "Legend" has going for it.
Once you realize how routine Legend is, especially compared to 1990's The Krays, the main pleasure lies in watching Hardy. And, boy, is he watchable.
Writer-director Brian Helgeland gives us violence without felt menace, doomed romance without felt desperation, and decadence without felt pleasure.
"Legend" could serve as a kind of greatest-hits collection for the best actor working today. Unfortunately, it's also supposed to serve as a movie proper, and that's where it falls short.
Two Tom Hardys for the price of one certainly sounds like a steal of a deal. But if this movie makes it into his future highlight reel, it'll be for level of difficulty, not because the film itself has made much of a bid for posterity.
The pleasure is in watching Hardy, who's so good that nothing else measures up.
Worth seeing if only for Hardy's award-worthy work. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
Amazing star performance in violent '60s crime drama.
Helgeland is trying something that far too many directors don't do these days: He's offering a devastating critique of violence.
Hardy plays two roles and knocks himself out.
It leaves a big blank - make that two blanks - where the complex, contradictory lives behind this "Legend" should be.
Helgeland clearly has a feel for the Krays' criminal milieu, but it's not long before repetition sets in. There's only so much brutality that even the most bloodthirsty audience can tolerate.
Legend succeeds at being a showcase for Hardy's talent. Hardy is in top form here but the film around him is not quite up to snuff.
To take such a subject and render it without focus, interest, or joy-to make a long, dull movie from it - qualified as some perverse sort of achievement.
In what is surely his finest hour to date, Tom Hardy plays both brothers. Much more than a gimmick, it's like watching one side of a mind wrestle with the other -- literally, in one explosive, fun-to-unpack fight scene.
It's hard to feel how much substance is running through every blood-drenched frame because the movie is so visually intoxicating... but it's there pulling on your lapel like a half-cocked barfly, howling in your ear with rancid, fermented breath.
Tom Hardy's the only punch to an otherwise standard gangster saga more interested in playboy panache than stick-to-your-ribs nastiness.
Serves as a solid vehicle for Tom Hardy, and while it's never boring, it also doesn't carry a great deal of weight.
His fifth and most assured film as both writer and director, Legend is not the work of a dedicated stylist, but of a strong storyteller who, like Lawrence Kasdan in the Eighties and Nineties, creates clean, precise images.
As a character study, it proves about as deep as Goofus and Gallant in the British underworld, but it's also consistently fun to watch.
A tremendous effort by Hardy is let down by unfocused storytelling.
Legend's central cinematic ploy, the doubling of Hardy ... gives this mostly predictable retelling a jolt of anarchy in the U.K.
Legend also boasts a top-flight supporting cast doing standout work -- including David Thewlis, Paul Bettany, and Taron Egerton -- but it's Hardy's show. And what a show he gives.
Past dissecting Hardy the public image, as a biography of two real-life subjects, Legend is less satisfying.
It's hard to imagine though how any of this would go over without Hardy, who convincingly embodies both sides of Legend's dialectic.
The real draw of Legend is Tom Hardy... He's funny, frightening, sensitive and conflicted as the two brothers, both completely three-dimensional characters that Hardy beautifully brings to life.
It sounds silly, and often it is. Helgeland's script is hit-and-miss. Still, Hardy, playing gangster twins, is a show all by himself, an actor flying without a net and having a ball.
Right off the bat it's a muddle because of Helgeland's slavish devotion to Martin Scorsese, a bad thing to display when you don't have Scorsese's chops.
The script may be flawed and the narrative storytelling mechanical, but ... whenever either one Tom Hardy (or both) is onscreen, Legend is engrossing stuff indeed.
Given how Legend's script is so bereft of insight into its characters' psyches, perhaps there's only so much even an actor of Hardy's stature can do.
An energetic and sometimes quite likeable but still ungainly gangster film wrapped around two of the deftest performances to hit theatres this year.
If 'Legend' has no shape, and if the lack of a driving force makes it feel 'Godfather'-long, at least it has a sense of humor.
[Helgeland's] work here is sharp, observant and mercifully he avoids the usual filmmaking clichés of depicting London. He casts well, too.
The film's saving grace is Hardy, who is as ferocious and watchable as ever, acting smooth and brooding as Reggie and unhinged as Ronnie.
Legend reminds us how easily a pretty star can get us to feel for people we'd deplore in real life - a monster's a monster, no matter how big its heart or soulful its strut.
As you would expect, Tom Hardy is fearsome to behold, twice over, but the legend doesn't need his assistance. It needs taking apart.
If only the movie surrounding the Krays was half as compelling as the men themselves.
Legend chooses to start with its subjects having already done their crimes and some time, and it follows them up the ladder and then back to their downfall without finding much resonance to them as people.
If there's a legend in this film, it's Tom Hardy.
There have been films about the notorious crime-lord Kray twins of '60s London's East End before, but Legend, Brian Helgeland's take on the factual tale is the one to see.
A film defined by spectacular performances and misfiring direction.
It's a busy but not entirely satisfying film, thankfully elevated by Hardy's performance, which goes past the usual technical trickery to create the palpable feeling of a shared identity trying to separate.
Hardy's both the leading man and a character actor in one film, though subtlety goes by the wayside in his brash performance(s). It's acting with a capital A.
The ever-versatile Tom Hardy pulls double duty as 1960s London crime lord twins Reggie and Ronnie Kray in a ripping crime drama from writer/director Brian Helgeland.
The movie never really gives Hardy enough to work with.
While the leading man is spookily effective in most scenes, there's no getting away from the fact Legend is gormlessly glorifying two awful human beings who have already had too much admiring attention.
It's undermined by an ill-fitting score and a puzzlingly structured third act, but there's real pleasure in Hardy's bold, intense, and utterly compelling lead performance.
I have no qualms about gangster movies that glorify the gangsters - I'd have to sacrifice a significant chunk of Scorsese's oevre if I did - and I didn't have a problem with the breezy, happy-go-lucky tone of Legend. Indeed, I had a lot of fun throughout.
Legend is a film that does not live up to its name, but its leading man does. Without Tom Hardy's titanic performance, Legend is Double Impact.
This riveting portrayal is extraordinary on many counts. First and foremost, it is Tom Hardy's intense and haunting depictions of both roles that brings it to life
Written and directed with a rakish swagger, and featuring two full-on performances from Tom Hardy, this true London gangster drama is hugely entertaining, even if it feels undercooked.
All in all, it's not quite a misfire, but could have been so much more. Hardy, however, will come out of it higher than ever as he cements himself as a true acting powerhouse.
Unfortunately, though the film is unquestionably worth seeing for Hardy's performances, it's badly let down by a poorly written script and a misguided framing decision.
Legend might appeal to undiscriminating crime fans who aren't familiar with the Krays; others may want something a little punchier...
Crime doesn't pay but it sure as hell can look cool.
Hardy's head-turning performances are so good that it's easy to forget the gimmicky casting and camera trickery and simply enjoy the acting fireworks as his slick Reggie and psychopathic Ronnie blaze their way across Swinging Sixties London.
Other than an inspired dual performance by Hardy as both twins, the film is surprisingly boring as it checks off all the usual clichés associated with this kind of rise and fall arc.
Hardy's Reggie is smooth, clever, romantic and calculated. His Ron is fearsome, with eyes permanently bulging and a mouth mumbling out threats as if he were trying to speak and keep a squirrel trapped inside at the same time.
The film is a big, stupid flop.
The world really doesn't need another film celebrating the notoriety of gangsters Ronnie and Reggie Kray but the decision to have Hardy play both brothers gives this lengthy film an irresistible appeal.
"Legend" has Tom Hardy. Twice. And that's almost enough.
Flies whenever the Krays go Kray-Kray and plummets whenever they try to act normal.
This should be the greatest film ever made, but Brian Helgeland inexplicably seems to think the bland love story is more interesting than Tom Hardy as his own psychotic twin.
Legend is an unexpected thrill. You won't be weeping for the Krays exactly but you may have a sneaking sympathy for these very British, and ultimately very stupid, gangsters.
The most impressive thing about "Legend" is Hardy's ability to differentiate the twins and the camera tricks employed to put them together in scenes.
We don't care about anything else, and so Legend becomes a great performance surrounded by a vacuum.
Two Tom Hardys aren't better than one.
Getting off on the violence and making your characters jaunty in this context looks a lot like buying into the same dumb mythology it's your duty as a filmmaker to debunk. Who was the creative consultant on this movie, Barbara Windsor?
Hinging on the double-barrelled blast of Tom Hardy's bang-on central performance(s), Legend is a brash, cartoonish affair, happy to bask in the reflected glory of its subjects' bizarre cultural icon status.
A little more energy or flair could have stopped "Legend" from feeling like a standard biopic in the way that it does.
Tom Hardy is brilliant in this entertaining gangster chronicle.
Tom Hardy is fab, but this is GoodFellas-lite, depicting violent sociopaths as glamorous, even amusing, and lacking all understanding of what made them tick.
Hardy often picks parts that camouflage his looks and/or swagger. What's different about Legend is that all the 37-year-old's qualities are on display. He's perfect as Reg. His Ron is just as gripping.
An entertaining showcase for its versatile leading man, this oddly but defiantly upbeat film seldom fails to fascinate, even when it's for the wrong reasons.
The film, for all its flaws, makes for a solid, if not exactly thrilling entertainment. Whisper it: bring back the Kemp brothers.
The storytelling may be mechanical, but whenever either Hardy is onscreen, it's gripping stuff.
Tonally incoherent, vacuous and structurally a bleedin' mess.
Hardy gives an utterly fascinating performances in his dual role.
Unfortunately the film supporting [Hardy's] performance, written and directed by Brian Helgeland, is disappointingly muddled, with a script that falls into banalities.
Helgeland ... believes too much in his title.
Might as well be prefixed with the words 'Print the'.
Helgeland's savvy new take on this well-known story proves that crime can pay, while Hardy is astonishing and magnetic in two truly towering performances.
Hardy dazzles in spite of the film, which is muddled, cartoonish, [and] fails to negotiate a clear path between fact and fiction.
In terms of playing two completely separate personalities of twins divided only by a completely invisible split-screen, Tom Hardy absolutely Winklebosses it.
Legend would be worth seeing for Tom Hardy's dual performance alone, but fortunately it also has a compelling British gangster story to go along with it.
Tom Hardy delivers not one but two outstanding performances in Legend, an engaging if flawed look at the reign of London's notorious Kray twins.
This is an overfamiliar story, made potent by Tom Hardy always giving it 200%.
As a historical account, it's problematic; as a vibrant slice of period fiction, it's boisterously, bruisingly great.
Legend has one insurmountable flaw: it's just too glossy.
It's flawed, yes - Frances is frustratingly underwritten, her psychological fault lines spoken of but never shown - but it's also swaggeringly cinematic. And it has Tom Hardy vs Tom Hardy...
A film that is devoid of any true focus, not quite sure if it's attempting to be a stylistic offering in the same mould as Bronson, or be naturalistic and gritty.
This doesn't feel like the Krays' definitive story, more a seductive tribute to how they cornered their place in London's history.
Helgeland delivers no new revelations in this puddle-deep and fatally familiar retelling of the Krays' careers.
As this big, brash ode to these brassnecked chancers shows, they succeeded in building a legend even if they failed to create an empire. Perhaps it's what they would have wanted.
[Hardy gives a] gutsy, typically physical performance ...
Too often Hardy's performance falls into broad "crazy eyes" villainy, with a voice that recalls a slightly more distinct Bane. But given Helgeland's equally pantomime surroundings, one can't really blame him too much.
Hardy's astonishing, award-caliber twin turn as the notorious Kray brothers deepens and darkens Brian Helgeland's biopic.

@highlight

As a gangster biopic, Legend is deeply flawed, but as a showcase for Tom Hardy -- in a dual role, no less -- it just about lives up to its title.