Taking Lives is a foolish thriller full of actors who deserve better.
From the opening credits, it was nearly impossible to shake the feeling that Taking Lives was desperately trying to be the next Seven.
A couple of genuine thrills but not for kids.
Willfully stupid and obvious for most of its running time, this serial-killer thriller lulls the audience into one gasp-worthy, rug-pulling moment that, while stupid, isn't exactly obvious. [Blu-ray]
Could very well be mistaken for an Ashley Judd programmer.
A production which would rather scare its audience with gore than reel it in via a gripping whodunit.
The film's villain may take fictitious lives, but the film itself takes up real time that could be spent on better things.
Taking Lives won't kill you, but it will steal precious hours you'll never have back.
poor excuse for audience to waste time on a thriller whose makers have problems with understanding the meaning of the word "thrill".
Amir Mokri's purposely frantic (ie: jerky) camera work during action scenes irritates, but still 'Taking Lives' is a marginally diverting thriller.
When, at length, the promised climax does arrive, it will leave you gasping in astonishment, provided that you have never been to the movies before.
It both startles and sedates.
Take away a couple of good moments at the beginning and the end, and you have a standard TV crime drama.
Caruso sets up an initially intriguing premise, however gruesome, that unfortunately devolves into a welter of aimlessness, too many red herrings and B-movie hammy performances.
Angelina Jolie did a good job but I still can't get past her "plastic fantastic" look.
The best Ashley Judd movie Judd has never made... a labyrinthine serial killer thriller that won't win admirers for its intellect, but does have sustenance of mood in spades.
Taking Lives is bad, Ashley Judd bad, so bad it's mostly an unwatchable mess but also so bad it's almost good.
Dig deeper than the classy looks and the shovelful of psychological topsoil ... and there's nothing here that hasn't been done before -- and done better.
With its French Canadian setting and strong (rather, strong-looking) cast, Taking Lives is elevated above its genre cliches.
There's a certain type of detective you only find in the movies. The sort who solves murders by lying in a victim's grave.
All together now: bo-ring.
Abusa de absurdos e coincidências a fim de prender a atenção da platéia, sem perceber que, no processo, está fazendo algo muito pior: insultando nossa inteligência.
A solid police thriller with a few scares and some plot twists.
...you will probably walk away shaking your head in disbelief.
Another deeply formulaic thriller with high production values and a strong cast slumming their way through an appallingly predictable script.
a flat, derivative psycho-thriller that suffers badly from having no chemistry between its two leads
Taking Lives is the eleventh Angelina Jolie film I've seen and the eleventh one to fail on some level or another.
If you can buy the pillow-lipped Angelina Jolie as a psychic FBI agent in Montreal to hunt a serial killer, then you can swallow the other implausibilities in this retread thriller.
The curse of the Best Supporting Actress Oscar lives on....With Zen-like purity, Jolie has boiled her acting style down to pursing her lips and darting her eyeballs.
Sadly, something went awry during the conception and execution of the film's final narrative arc.
One of those infuriating films that both invites you to try to figure out the plot and also plays fast and loose with the facts to fudge the details.
Caruso spins a downright wicked thriller so tense it's guaranteed to scare you out of your seat at least once.
Taking Lives" makes the grade.
Ever wonder why movie serial killers can't just, like, shoot people or something?
Jolie's detective ... seems to be merely one more graduate from Inspector Clouseau Academy.
Like so many brilliant detectives before her, this FBI investigator is aggressive and intuitive, prone to odd behavior and arrogance.
It's a thriller with an interesting premise that ends up being mediocre because of a contrived ending.
Angelina Jolie manages to make attractiveness seem unappealing.
The best bet might have been to ditch the tedious police procedural and just let the flick turn into the shamelessly jumpy creep fest it was born to be.
Caruso succeeds in giving Taking Lives the necessary dark feel and just enough of a drawn out character development needed for a thinking man's thriller.
"Normally," says one cop, "finding lips that big in Montreal means visiting the local boulangerie and placing two loaves of French bread under your nose."
Ethan looks mighty uncomfortable in this generic thriller.
Jolie is far too good for this tripe but she does give the film its only believable moments, and for the first half, her concentration makes you watch her intently.
It all culminates in a final showdown so ludicrous that if I explained it to you in detail, you would laugh and call me a liar.
Tediously conventional and ho-hum.
Nosedive it does, abandoning all pretense of style and eccentricity for at-times laughable predictability.
Would have to work nights to reach mediocrity.
This multiple-twist thriller gets off to a fine, creepy start but eventually becomes too preposterous for its own good.
While not breaking any new ground, director D.J. Caruso's movie also doesn't disappoint.
Caruso is a much more resourceful director than this material deserves, but I resented being two steps ahead of the genius profiler and the genius serial-killer.
Taking Lives is often style over substance.
To buy this picture, you have to buy Jolie's character, and the actress succeeds much of the time. But once her contained, job-obsessed agent gets involved with a man close to her case, much of what came before is negated.
Jolie hits a new low in Taking Lives.
Taking Lives is a good, near-great film that might seem a lot better if it hadn't been preceded by all of those Judd vehicles -- or if Jodie Foster's Clarice Starling never existed.
You'll jump, but then you'll feel silly.
There are too many flaws to count in Taking Lives.
Taking Lives is a swell-looking movie with lavish production values and not a single original idea, not a single surprise.
What the movie accomplishes in misogyny, it nearly equals in lack of imagination.
While it's not in a league with The Silence of the Lambs, it works in a similarly efficient way.
Really awful lady-cop- chasing-psycho- killer picture with dumb twists and dull dialogue aplenty.
Just as the central criminal steals the identity of his victims, Taking Lives lifts traits and style from other movies. Both do so relatively successfully, until they bungle the job in the final half-hour.
Taking Lives is smarter than your average serial-killer movie, thanks to unusually fleshed-out characters inhabited by a high- pedigree cast.
Screenwriter Jon Bokenkamp litters the trajectory with more red herrings than the traffic can bear in less than two hours.
Even with Angelina Jolie thrown in for forensic sex appeal, this dog won't hunt.
The first nine minutes of Taking Lives are, in fact, compelling and good ... Sadly, the rest of Taking Lives is not worth paying for.
It's slick nonsense at best and for the first hour it's watchable.
It actually does have a clever twist near the end, but it's not the main twist, which is anything but terrific.
Even with its superior cast and for all its early posturing, Taking Lives is just an excuse to stuff human beings into body bags.
Caruso succeeds in giving Taking Lives the sordid, dark feel of Seven without making his flick repugnant and he provides an ending that delivers all the thrills and shocks a serial killer whodunit needs.
Best of all, it doesn't star Ashley Judd, who has made a wearying specialty out of playing tough-tender female cops. Danger-prone Angelina Jolie is on the case here -- an improvement that pays big dividends throughout.
Taking Lives isn't bad, really, it just isn't distinctive.
This is more disappointing than it might have been because Taking Lives has a low boil but constant simmer that has been rarely present in previous attempts to revive the insinuating creepiness of The Silence of the Lambs and Se7en.
The film does have its strong points, D.J. Caruso's stylish direction and the fine Philip Glass score chief among them. Unfortunately, both are undercut by a script that strains credibility at every turn.
A thriller that provides jolts - and not enough lasting kick.
Jolie needs a role with teeth, not one that merely exploits her bee-stung lips.
Taking Lives is actually an effective thriller, on its modest but stylish level.
A-list actors and stylish direction by D.J. Caruso conceal the story's weaknesses for a while ... By the pseudo-shocking end, we're half-entertained by the dedicated cast and half-lulled to sleep by the dull, overfamiliar sounds they make.
Taking Lives is so lifeless and beside the point that its DVD version should skip letterboxing and just be shown in a heavy chalk outline.
The filmmakers may sense that their powers are spent because they add a nude scene with Jolie that feels more obligatory than gratuitous.
The chattering couple seated next to me managed to correctly guess every upcoming development -- and they were definitely not on a break from a Mensa convention.
As Angelina Jolie gets better as an actress, her films get worse. It's not supposed to work that way.
In the hands of a lesser director, Taking Lives could have been a real disaster. It's trite, contrived, and predictable. And yet, I liked it.
If the producers really wanted to capitalize on Jolie's freakazoid factor, why didn't they have her use those gi-normous lips as antennae?
"Taking Lives" tries to give the viewer clues without giving away the punch line.
In spite of the severe (and, I'll admit, outlandishly clever) plot twists in the final reel, Taking Lives is depressingly similar to your average Ashley Judd potboiler.
...Jolie's Scott is just not tough enough to overcome her incredible beauty and make us believe she can get down and dirty when it counts.
What really compromises the impact of Taking Lives is that the 'surprise' about the identity of the madman is a foregone conclusion.
Unfortunately, Taking Lives doesn't add any brilliance to the exhausted spot-the-serial-killer psychological thriller, but get props for a clever ending.
It isn't as bad as it could be or as good as it should be - I would wait to see this on video.
[W]e're meant to believe that [Hawke] is so intensely seductive that [Jolie] cannot resist him. Which would be laughable if it weren't so boring.
Jolie and Hawke have a real chemistry between each other and this tends to make one forget some of those enormous plot holes.
A twist or two will only throw off some -- but most will be able to solve this crime all too easily.
If you don't try to make it all make sense, you might find it to be a thriller with a couple of genuine thrills. At least this one doesn't star Ashley Judd.
Serial thriller starts with a bang, ends with a whimper, and never really moves beyond following its forebears.
From the opening credits, Lives seems bound to recapture the queasy mood of 1995's Seven. But it's too dull to even pull off quease until a notably unpleasant climax.
After skillfully playing with us with numerous possibilities of who the 'real' killer might be, it tips its hand way too early in the story -- and, after that, it's all downhill.
[A] generic pulp thriller.
The story is, as you can tell, preposterous from the get-go...
How Ashley Judd failed to pounce on this script, I'll never know.
Angelina Jolie plays an F.B.I. profiler on the trail of a sick and ingenious serial killer. Is there anything more to say? Not really.
An above-average thriller.
Taking Lives serves up one letdown after another -- a serial disappointment if ever there was one.
A near miss of a thriller, but it's still a miss.
Caruso constantly takes the movie down blind alleys while emptying his always-handy crime-movie handbook of every artificial plot device.
Taking Lives is an engrossing thriller about a woman warrior who finds herself lost in the darkness during her obsessive pursuit of a serial killer.
Sadly, nothing in this thriller comes close to the intensity of last year's media coverage of star Ethan Hawke's alleged infidelities on location in Montreal.
The phrase 'from the sublime to the ridiculous' was made to describe Taking Lives
Angelina takes off her clothes again...hurrah!
Looks great, holds our attention and - despite numerous stumbles - never completely falls on its face.
Somber, absorbing thriller that treads familiar psycho serial killer terrain with style.
Director D.J. Caruso gives the movie some life, particularly in a stylishly energetic footrace, but there's not much he can do with this dopey script.
Despite a brief distraction provided by some utterly gratuitous Jolie nudity, and a finale that is simultaneously riveting and idiotic, Taking Lives does not improve much on this season's crop of mediocre suspense films.
Taking Lives has such a diabolically wonderful premise for a thriller that watching it sink into the abject silliness of The Silence of the Hermit Crabs is all the more disheartening.
If Taking Lives starts off with a modicum of wit and creepy-crawly scares, it winds up somewhere else altogether.
D.J Caruso's artfully photographed mystery thriller is even better looking than its stars, Angelina Jolie and Ethan Hawke. But even your pet Chihuahua could sniff out the solution.
Taking Lives clearly aims to be a stylish, eerie chiller along the lines of Seven. Despite a nerve-wracking car chase and one jump-out-of-your-pants shock, the results are more like Three.
An unimaginative, protracted gore-fest that swipes from David Fincher's Seven like a cinematic pickpocket but only comes up with lint.
Solid genre movie.
If the intent was to develop Jolie's persona into a kind of Clarice Starling, it fails so completely that it's ludicrous...a mind-numbing, floundering, forgettable thriller.
Elegant, good-looking and well-performed, D.J. Caruso's psycho-thriller is an enthralling and engaging drama that works well thanks mostly to its sexy cast.
Jolie may have those much-touted lips, but at this point she's much more in need of better judgment when it comes to reading scripts.
Jolie is one of those actresses like Ashley Judd who are capable of giving good performances in good movies, but for undisclosed reasons have decided not to.
surprises and satisfies beyond initial expectations
At a certain point, Taking Lives gives up any pretense toward sense and starts piling up insanely improbable extravagances.
A socio-political horror film trapped in the body of a game show hostess.
It's beginning to seem as though large breasts and a willingness to flaunt them are the only attributes that separate Ms. Jolie from, say, Cuba Gooding Jr.
A straighforward 'fun' thriller with a climax as jaw-droppingly incredible as it is actually surprising.
A Silence of the Lambs - meets - Talented Mr. Ripley knockoff with all the gore and premonitory 'darkness' and none of the intrigue.
Voids a lot of good will with a cheesy ending.
A serial killer yarn whose taste and story structure appeals more to mental fascination than to a dependence on baser attractions.
A needlessly sloppy thriller, [it's] nauseatingly predictable.
Use the title as a warning- Taking Lives takes hours of your life you can't get back.
El único momento en que la audiencia aplaudió fue cuando se muestran los pechos desnudos de la Jolie...
A better-than-average crime thriller with one of the most suspenseful capture sequences I've seen in years.
First-rate production values and Angelina Jolie cannot overcome threadbare material.
Suspenseful, nail-biting thriller with not enough Olivier Martinez
If the Naqoyqatsi-lite score by Philip Glass doesn't exactly make sense of the film's sketchy identity politics, it does complement its utter ridiculousness.
A serial-killer-tracked-by-female-detective movie so preposterously contrived that by rights it should star Ashley Judd...more likely to evoke snickers than gasps.
Jolie is surprisingly credible as an FBI profiler...if only the plot of this serial killer thriller could have kept up with her in that department.
a plodding, pretentious, and ultimately preposterous riff on the thriller genre
Yet another boring exercise in the wake of Silence of the Lambs and Seven that preys on America's infatuation with serial killers and bodily desecration.
If Taking Lives is the best script Angelina Jolie can find, then she might as well strap back on Lara Croft's guns.
I am recommending Taking Lives because it has a sharp visual style, one big twist that did take me by surprise, and a couple of hard scares that gave me the chills.
There's a reason why the poster for Taking Lives is better than the movie itself-those lips ain't made for talking.
















@highlight

A stylish, but predictable thriller where the only thrills are offered by the sensuous Angelina Jolie.