Celebrates fados, Portugal's traditional music.
The third segment in Carlos Saura's musical trilogy that also includes Flamenco and Tango.
The effect is a coldly theatrical counterpoint to the hot-blooded sentiments. MORE REVIEWS bullet See an archive of recent movie reviews bullet Joe's Movie Lounge blog bullet Reel Time forum bullet Movie showtimes bullet Movie theaters
For those who've never before heard fado, Fados will be a revelation -- a window into a music that (like blues music) can be poetic, heartbreaking, melodramatic and redemptive, all at the same time.
If you're disquieted by something in your life, 88 minutes with this collection of Fados will calm your innermost travails, guaranteed.
Never is his film less than cinematic.
Fados is basically a collection of musical performances by two dozen practitioners of the form, but Saura always finds a way to make it cinematic.
[Director] Saura's personal love of fado goes back to his youth, and Fados reflects what is clearly his deeply imaginative, inner relationship with the genre's songs about loss, shifting hopes and elusive happiness.
That you very likely know nothing about who those legends are concerns Saura not at all; made for aficionados, Fados is virtually context-free.
Fados isn't just a director's look at one genre of music, it's a celebration of the special relationship between music, dance and film.
A soulful and enchanting celebration of fados that will delight fans both old and new.
Will speak to ethnomusicologists and cineastes alike.
In total, there are more than a dozen performance pieces, all stylishly lensed.
I was familiar with the fado style, but had never heard of any of the performers here, and I still loved this.
Magically, not a traditional tour of the sweet home of fados. . . though some repeated projections become precious, clearly places fados in the world music pantheon.
Fados is Carlos Saura's big-screen film about the musical genre that is the soul music of Portugal.
While Saura's accommodation of styles old and new represents a humane exercise, the Spanish director does not risk the fearlessness of Tony Gatlif's Vengo.
Casts a wondrous spell as the third installment of the Spanish director's musical trilogy, which also includes Flamenco (1995) and Tango (1998).
Saura is formally ambitious -- a troupe travels through the film, articulating lyrics in dance -- but the movie missteps when departing wholly from the intrinsic nostalgia of its subject.
Carlos Saura's valentine to fado, Portugal's blues music, is exciting despite the director's imposition of dance production numbers which add a note of dissonance.
Impressive enough though the least passionate of Carlos Saura's trilogy that includes 'Tango' and 'Flamenco.'
What Fados lacks in jaw-dropping sexiness it makes up for in casual sensuality.





@highlight

Even those unfamiliar with the Portuguese soul music at the heart of Carlos Saura's film will find it a beautifully enchanting work of cinema.