Bloody and entertaining, Hitman is superior to the average adaptation of a video game, which in itself, is worthy of celebration. [Full review in Spanish]
Hitman the film is a conventional action thriller that seeks to do nothing more than entertain with an assortment of carnage and sex, at which it is moderately successful.
Awkwardly paced and muddled.
Olyphant faz o possível com um personagem unidimensional por natureza, mas o roteiro absurdo e a direção frágil de Gens, que parece acreditar que cortes rápidos substituem arcos narrativos, conferem ao filme um ar de produção feita para DVD.
You should see this movie for the action and gunfights... oh, and for Olga Kurylenko.
A thoroughly entertaining experience.
French director Xavier Gens keeps the action riveting and spectacular.
An army of skinhead assassins in matching suits seems a bit conspicuous for an agency supposedly shrouded in secrecy.
Only the deadpan delivery of Timothy Olyphant as Agent 47 enlivens the wooden dialogue of this collection of clichés masquerading as a silver-screen adaptation.
A slick take on sniping, strangling, homicidal body doubles, and a seductive Moscow sex slave in distress, the property of a local baddie, whom the hero invites to tag along from inside his car trunk, don't ask.
...a better film than I was expecting, even if it doesn't do much beyond the ordinary.
47 doesn't even want the girl. What kind of action movie is this? A skippable one, ultimately.
Hitman is the oddest of action movies %u2014 a film all but devoid of action. Not satisfied with simply being another mindless video game adaptation, the film also forgets to be entertaining.
There's a certain primitive simplicity to it, the editing is awkward in spots, and it derives from a game, but I flat-out enjoyed it.
Director Xavier Gens admirably tries his best with the material but he is failed by a sub-par script by Skip Woods.
Hitman is inspired by a video game. That of course carries all sorts of baggage.
merikes aksiomnimoneytes skines, ataktos petamenes s' ena tsoybali hamilon prosdokion
A mechanical series of violent set-pieces decorated with underdressed hotties. It's handsome but astonishingly dull and weirdly sexless, despite the aforementioned underdressed girls and frequent discussion of Nika's undergarments or lack thereof.
Can a video game turn a movie into a hit, man? Maybe. But that doesn't mean that "Hitman" is far removed from its video game origins.
...even the most forgiving action fan will walk away disappointed by this mess.
The title is probably misspelt -- there should be an S in front.
Olyphant kinda looks lika a cancer patient
For what it is --- a fast-paced, violent thriller, based on a video game, of all things --- it's actually entertaining.
For some reason unknown to man or film criticism, Jeanne found this highly entertaining.
...the very premise -- "elusive" killers walking around with shaved heads and barcode tattoos -- is idiotic on its face.
As far as it being a video game, I was in the theater and I was trying to work the remote control to close the curtains and turn the sound down.
Though stylish shot and occasionally exciting in its frenetically-edited action sequences, this adaptation of the popular video game can only go so far with its mindless violence until cardboard characters and a dull plot snuff out the momentum.
One of those rare, so-bad-it's-good shoot-'em-ups.
Fans of the video game on which this film is based may get a kick out of the cinematic treatment, but even these low level kicks will be tempered by the film's failure to articulate its main plot points or to create characters we care about.
Hitman's performances outclass the film's video-game origins. These are credible characters, not video drones.
The film's target audience - dummies everywhere - will be blown away.
It's based on a computer game, Hitman (see what they did with that title?), though even when it reaches maximum velocity, it's still panting behind The Bourne Ultimatum for style and excitement.
Rubbish, of course, but some teenage boys love this stuff. Don't rule out sequels.
This film is like watching the actual game played by someone with slow reactions. That's not much of a spectator sport.
Obviously made to appeal to the computer game's fans, it still begs the question: How does a film with this level of violence get a certificate of 15?
Xavier Gens should have stuck to making music videos rather than inflict his goldfish-like attention-span on cinema.
It might just be one of the best videogame adaptations ever made, which isn't saying much. It could also be the film of the week which, come to think of it, isn't saying much either.
Yet another depressing confirmation of the inability of filmmakers to turn decent videogames into decent films.
The movie isn't bad; it's just all too familiar.
A soulless, slackly directed, suspense-free exercise in misanthropy packed with unconvincing stereotypes
Hitman continues the grand Hollywood tradition of completely failing to turn a computer game into a decent movie.
There's a cool opening credits sequence, but beyond that 'Hitman' doesn't make much sense, is encumbered by clunky dialogue, some amateurish performances and clichéd set-pieces we've seen umpteen times before.
A bit po-faced and unremarkable; more outrageousness and humour would have helped.
Hitman starts well but quickly degenerates into a confusing, badly plotted mess, enlivened only by the occasional gunfight and the luminous presence of Olga Kurylenko.
Hitman is by no means great filmmaking but as video game adaptations go, it proves mindlessly entertaining and at least it's not irritatingly stupid.
Incoherent and utterly lacking in panache, style or originality, Hitman is missing an 's'.
The only thing Hitman succeeds in doing is confirming what common sense could tell you without spending millions of dollars on a special-effects-filled movie: A series of novels is much richer source material than a series of video games.
It's as embarrassing as anything Steven Seagal has put out in the past decade.
Sure, he glowers to some effect, and is obviously handy with small arms and melee weapons, but otherwise is about as menacing as one of the extras in THX-1138.
If someone ran this guy through a scanner, the readout would say: "Mark down and stock in straight-to-video aisle."
Hitman loses steam as we realize what is supposed to happen and we don't get enough bold surprises along the way.
It might have helped to give the hero a real back story, rather than a jumbled montage opening credit sequence, but overall, this film is pretty much an unfixable mess from the start.
I haven't played the video game but I'm guessing the movie has chosen, for some reason, to re-create the story scenes that play between levels. The ones that players skip.
If everything wasn't so deadly serious, I'd laugh, instead, I shook my head in complete disbelief.
Apparently the film thinks fans of the videogame will empathize with a guy who has zero practice dealing with women.
Massive illogic abounds throughout the video-game-based thriller Hitman, starting with the opening, which posits a mysterious organization 'so secret no one knows it exists,' even though it somehow maintains 'ties to every government.'
In the finest tradition of adolescent identification figures, he's not only ruthless, dispatching numerous baddies with hair-trigger shots to the head, but profoundly desexualized.
Hitman stands right on the threshold between video games and art. On the wrong side of the threshold, but still, give it credit.
Based on a popular videogame (that I freely admit to have never played), Hitman is so bad it makes the collected films of Paul W.S. Anderson look like cinematic works of genius.
Hitman is one of the best movies ever made from a video game, which doesn't provide you with very much information. That's like declaring the best meal you've eaten at a strip club, or the best love ballad by Kenny Loggins.
Rooted firmly on the positive side of good and dumb ... Whether you go for it or not may ultimately depend on your feelings about a movie that helpfully explains its locations with onscreen captions like "London: England" and "Moscow: Russia."
Hitman feels like twenty short films played back to back, only a few of the mini-movies went missing, and the projectionist is hoping you won't notice.
At one point, the female lead says to our hero that she's "never felt so much indifference in her life." I knew exactly how she felt.
The plot of Hitman is difficult to follow and in any case secondary to the sheer spectacle of murder and mayhem.
Fans of good movies will find it laughably silly and shot through with bad dialogue that someone should pay the price for.
The movie has a split personality, aiming for hard-core action on one hand and escapist fantasy on the other.
A lousy picture.
As cold as it is dumb.
Hitman is another cynical attempt to make some cash off the gaming crowd, but gamers arenâ(TM)t stupid. This is a film thatâ(TM)s made for someone who finds word balloons in comic books too complicated.
Pyro, sound and fury we've all heard before in ear-splitting Dolby, signifying nothing but an hour and a half of time assassinated.
A poor man's The Professional.
Ultra-violent, nonsensical and peppered with gratuitous nudity.
While Hitman is decidedly more watchable than Resident Evil and most previous video-game movies, it shares its forerunners' lack of interest in storytelling or logic.
Efficiently derivative, mildly stylish, sporadically sexy and eminently forgettable.
There have been plenty of movies adapted from video games before, but Hitman may be the first one that actually feels like a computer wrote and directed it.
Hitman overstays its welcome from the moment the ammunition starts flying, and never finds a satisfying way of winning us back.
Hitman will satisfy only longings for tough-guy posturing, sadistic violence, blatant misogyny and incoherent plotting.
The nefarious company he works for has etched a bar code tattoo on the back of his bald head, making him as easy to track as a tomato at Dominick's.
Despite its title, in every crucial respect the picture shoots nothing but blanks...it's Uwe Boll bad.
Based on the video game franchise of the same title, Hitman exploits every action-flick cliché imaginable and still manages to be dull.
Here's all you really need to know before the opening credits roll in Hitman: There's going to be a lot of bloodshed.
The formula is not that far removed from James Bond except there's a hole at its center. Agent 47, played by a virtually expressionless Timothy Olyphant, is a soulless, emotionally dead protagonist.
There's enough intelligence behind it that you don't feel you're just waiting to hit the reset button.
It delivers top-notch action, dazzling gunplay and lots of fireworks. What more could we ask for?
A movie so bland it's hard to believe it was inspired by anything more than a Wikipedia entry on 'action thrillers.'
This is a script written with the sensibility of a geeky 12-year-old boy and then dumbed-down some. More than some.
You know how people will sometimes describe a bad action movie as being like watching someone else play a video game? This one is so uninvolving that watching it is more like listening to someone reading out loud from the game's instruction manual.
Plays like a music video without the music, a spectacle of shiny weapons, spurting blood, and Jesus Christ poses that would have benefited from more overlaid songs and less blabber.
An overcooked time killer that finds bad acting, bad direction, bad cinematography, and bad screenwriting in a furious race to dominate the running time. I'd call it a four-way tie.
Abysmal in the extreme, Hitman is 100 minutes of soul-crushing nothingness.
If there is someone out there willing to support Hitman and who believes that it conforms to the basic attributes of a cinematic experience, then there is something wrong with you.
Hitman has no more imagination than its title, which just as easily could have been The Bourne Idiocy or Mission: Possible and Boring.
Hitman may represent some progress in the video game adaptation genre, but it's not enough to recommend.
Hitman is exactly the kind of movie you'd expect it to be. The bad kind.
It's just one blazing gun battle, knife fight and torture scene after another, staged in a vaguely tongue-in-cheek Tarantino style by French director Xavier Gens, with cardboard characters, Ed Wood dialogue and the storytelling values of a cockfight.
A Bourne knock-off, and not a very good one at that.
A Eurotrashy vidgame knockoff that misses its target by a mile. Numbingly unthrilling as it lurches from one violent encounter to another, the pic's dark roots in an electronic, non-dramatic medium are plain to see.
Hitman was based on a video game, which tells you everything to know about this film. Well, that and the fact that it was originally conceived as a vehicle for Vin Diesel.
All a goof. Revealing the pragmatic side of the CG-assisted filmmaker, [director] Gens makes a movie that seems entirely computer generated.
Sluggish, humorless and pointlessly graphic, it will appeal to only the most desperate genre junkie.



@highlight

Hitman features the unfortunate combination of excessive violence, incoherent plot, and inane dialogue.