At the end of the day, stories need to be about characters, not types. While nothing that ought to inspire a letter writing campaign from the ADL,"Triple 9" fails to make it past shorthand.
Triple 9 is a dark and cynical look at police corruption, filled with unlikable characters, but underneath all of that bleakness is a shotgun blast of gripping authenticity for the gang lifestyle presented
Apart from an unnecessary profusion of subplots, you'll likely find this heist-thriller to be quite satisfying.
Bottom line: should you watch Triple 9? No! Is it a slick thriller? Yes, but only in its looks.
Goodness, this is an unpleasant, unlikeable and pointlessly complicated picture.
It's a reasonably effective thriller that works because of its A+ cast and one really well executed action set piece in the middle of the movie.
The real screen stealer in Triple 9 is Clifton Collins Jr., as the quietly diabolical, dirty detective Rodriguez. He is a reason why this film will keep you glued to your seat.
It's the kind of crooked cop film that will likely wind up on a random list of 100 Crooked Cop Movies compiled in no ranking order... in the next few years. It's that derivative.
The problem with Triple 9 isn't that it is an uber-masculine piece of genre fiction - it is that it is a formulaic one without a distinctive personality.
As a whole, the ideas, themes, and talent the film brings together don't quite blend well enough to be satisfying in this otherwise generic crime thriller.
Triple 9 is best during the first third, introducing its rogues' gallery of characters and detailing their daily grind. Unfortunately, the last third is weighed down by predictable thriller trappings.
It's almost criminal the way the crime thriller Triple 9 strands a talented cast in a morass of mixed motivations and acting styles.
When the last bullet hits, it's still the same old runaround, only with several new faces striking poses and emptying their weapons into one another.
Somehow, it all works, and Winlset almost makes us believe that Lady Macbeth has been reborn east of the Volga.
The sloppiness of the cops-and-robbers games starts to feel pointless, even as it remains generally compelling. Everyone in Triple 9 ultimately feels a bit like a supporting character -- even the filmmakers.
The solid direction, storytelling and acting by Hillcoat, Cook and the cast don't reinvent the crime/thriller genre. They just add to the trove.
Should've been better for a John Hillcoat movie. [Full review in Spanish]
As for the final 20 minutes, they are a sudden burst of sound and fury signifying precious little of significance, pushing the thriller towards a frustrating final flurry of events that are as disappointing as they are unhappily inconsequential.
If you like your crime flicks grim and gritty you'll be able to fill your boots here.
Triple 9 trips over its own lofty ambitions.
The action set-pieces are well performed and director Hillcoat keeps the film moving from the first frame to the last.
It is a tense, amped-up, hyperviolent caper whose cops and robbers are not always easy to distinguish
A complex heist thriller involving crooked cops and the Israeli-Russian mob.
John Hillcoat makes manly movies. 'Triple 9' is a masculine motion-picture for men, at the multi-plex-more so in the man-cave. Don't spend the moolah; wait for it on Netflix.
Director John Hillcoat doesn't bring anything new to the table, but he's crafted such a genuinely riveting movie that the familiarity barely matters.
It's often a challenge to figure out exactly what Triple 9 is, a problem exacerbated by a script that packs in far too much plot and not nearly enough guidance in figuring it out.
All of Hillcoat's films are about worlds that have nightmarishly run of control ... It dives so deep into the pathology of corruption that no-one is untainted, and the grace notes are pure gore.
Maybe if the filmmakers would've focused on it's main character instead of filling it wth subplots, the film might've had something new to offer to the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
A very uneven film. [Full review in Spanish]
A visually strong film with hints of tragedy, but there are way too many lose ends. [Full review in Spanish]
A solid, sturdy little crime picture, in which a deep bench of fine actors have a great time playing good guys and bad guys (and variations between).
John Hillcoat packs the film with enough pulpy flavor and tension to transform the routine into something deep and perhaps even profound.
With one too many characters and plot threads to juggle with, Triple 9 never reaches the ambitions it aspires to.
Triple 9 is a complex story with simplistic characters. The two don't go together.
For all its structural problems, there is enough style here to warrant a pass, once you get past Winslet's impressions of a Tzarina gone bad.
The glowering performances, jittery camerawork, odd script contrivances, nagging incoherence and endless testosterone-spraying make it a criminally unlikable experience.
In recalling 1970s Hollywood classics such as Dirty Harry, The French Connection and Serpico, it is heartening to see that Hollywood still has the guts to deliver a film where redemption is a dirty word.
There's a blue-chip cast running the gamut from A (Casey Affleck) to W (Kate Winslet) and terrific action sequences in Triple 9 - but in the end, this relentlessly nihilistic crime-caper thriller adds up to less than the sum of its impressive parts.
Triple 9 is undercooked.
If we had a better sense of what was at stake, the characters and their various plights might have taken on more meaning
An unqualified disaster...
Takes one of the year's deepest and most talented casts, and drops them into one of the most overstuffed, convoluted plots. (Splice Today)
This is a boys' movie, a cinematic video game, full of sound and fury, but in the end amounting to disappointingly little.
Hillcoat makes the final product seem almost apocalyptic: a social panorama with a functioning society nowhere in sight.
If it had been more lurid or more ridiculous, Triple 9 would at least function as a guilty pleasure. Instead, it's a poor man's Heat.
The movie involves a pair of heists, a prisoner abroad, corrupt cops, mobsters, gangsters, and more, and the parts are considerably better than the messy, unfocused whole. But oh, the parts can be a pleasure.
Less than the sum of its parts, it now joins the disappointing X-Men ensemble flicks in accomplishing only one exceptional feat: getting all those actors to set at the same time.
The film serves up a compelling and disturbing tale but it falls short of Hillcoat's best work, The Proposition. But I admire it for sticking to its bleak outlook and not pulling any punches.
The movie is okay, but there needs to be a ban on actors chewing gum in the movies.
Formidable, if incoherent, action-packed thriller, filled with dastardly double-crosses, greed and revenge.
The heist scenes are handled well, but the good cop/bad cop stuff feels rote, and the performances are largely leashed to clichés.
While its vital signs might fluctuate wildly, there is a gritty resolve to this tale that ultimately rewards any perseverance sent its way.
Establishing himself as a director of tough genre films, John Hillcoat offers this multi-faceted, devilishly complex crime thriller without wasting any time on needless background.
Considering the first rate cast assembled for Triple 9, directed by Australian filmmaker John Hillcoat, the film rates as a letdown.
Harrelson hurls the large pile of characters, meaningless dialogue and narrative debris aside, and keeps you waiting for his next scene... Sadly, he's not around nearly enough. Nor is Winslet.
The movie cries out for a central figure, and Affleck's character should have been it.
Director John Hillcoat prefers to shoot extensively in the dark, which adds ambience but also occasionally results in images so dim, you wish an a.d. would hand him a flashlight already.
Hillcoat's approach is to craft a pulse-pounding experience that employs a mixture of conventional footage and hand-held work. There's an immediacy to the most gripping scenes.
Having such a stacked cast ultimately serves to be Triple 9's greatest hindrance. There are so many characters here that the movie hardly has time to give any of them any personality.
A dark crime drama the rough-and-tumble Samuel Fuller no doubt would have loved.
The uneven thing [here] is John Hillcoat's direction: a tense, sustained journey through an apartment while lined up behind a bulletproof shield alternating with indulgent zooms and cuts depicting local color.
Triple 9 won't bore you, that's for sure. But neither will two hours of browsing YouTube. Perhaps it's best to think of it like one long highlight reel, and just sit back and enjoy the muddled, messy ride.
Triple 9 has elements of greatness, but its talented cast and inspired directorial flourishes are offset by messy storytelling choices.
Hillcoat directs with a sense of immediacy and grimy realism, bringing the audience into the shootouts and bloodshed on the streets. Atlanta becomes another war zone for the men who have seen war, battling an enemy of a different race and culture.
Wastes both its impressive cast and the viewer's time in watching things unfold in a less than fascinating or engaging fashion. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
"Show, don't tell," the old saying goes. "Triple 9" does neither.
"Worth the $15 to get out of the cold."
John Hillcoat's heist flick brings an embarrassment of acting riches to bear on a laughably disjointed script that can't decide whether to go for self-seriousness or self-parody.
An exhaustively cynical, morally empty crime film that has neither the pacing to work as a B-film or the loftier ideas to work as a serious investigation of corruption.
Atlanta finally gets to play itself in a movie, but no one, not even "The Walking Dead's" Norman Reedus, who appears way too briefly in the movie, exhibits any sense of their Southern fried environment.
Triple 9 would have had a much greater chance of success as a season of a cable drama than as a two-hour film.
...a good, gritty B-movie with a solid A-list cast.
Bad cops. Badder Kate Winslet. And Triple 9's Woody Harrelson trumps them all.
Two action packed heist scenes wrapped around a bunch of boring garbage.
Triple 9 starts slow and builds to a nail-biting intensity equal to downing a few triple lattes. And Kate Winslet is unrecognizable. How fun is that?
Though compelling in the acting and cinematography, Triple 9's plot is by the numbers and about nothing.
Most parties concerned maintain their grim countenances, their characters struggling to find the sweet spot between honor and greed, between doing the right thing and doing the absolute worst.
"Triple 9" is as heartless as the people who infest it-the exception being a decent cop, Chris Allen, played by Casey Affleck-and mannered to the point of self-parody.
The menu suggests filet mignon but Triple 9 turns out to be a really good cheeseburger.
Starts off too smart to end so stupidly.
Despite the curlicues of plot, Australian Director John Hillcoat, who always manages to keep us darkly entertained (think about his "Lawless." "The Road," and "The Proposition"), really never loses control. Even his pile-it-on ending somehow seems tidy.
The movie walks a thin blue line between creating bad guys who are so tough you can't help but like them, and making them so vicious that there's little to admire.
The result is little more than a convoluted slog interspersed with plenty of posturing and brief bursts of run-of-the-mill action.
Tangled plot ties up this talented cast.
One of those productions in which much of the creative energy has been funneled into gaudily inventive displays of violence.
I can be mildly annoyed that the film came close without fully succeeding, or be happy that Triple 9 comes 99.9 percent close to being kind of magnificent.
John Hillcoat packs a binge watch of characters and incidents into this corrupt-cop thriller.
In the bloody muddle "Triple 9," Chiwetel Ejiofor, Anthony Mackie, Woody Harrelson and Kate Winslet manage to make a few scenes count.
Cops prowl darkened mazes, looking for perps they probably couldn't see even if they found them.
Triple 9 is a more conventional picture from [John Hillcoat], but as proven with Lawless, he knows how to spin a familiar tale well.
It's pretty clear that the filmmaking team has seen Michael Mann's Heat at least a few times - but that's only intended as a compliment.
Woefully formulaic and strangely performed, with fans of Michael Mann, Antoine Fuqua, and numerous other crime movie architects sure to feel deja vu while watching this limp shoot-em-up.
With a stacked cast and skillful filmmaking, Triple 9 proves to be a satisfying crooked cop heist thriller, imbued with complicated topical issues that last long after the adrenaline rush.
Triple 9 is all pose, noise, flash and phony grit without a point, let alone a point of view.
Triple 9 is no Reservoir Dogs, but it is a twisty, terrific ride. And Kate Winslet has a blast with the Russian accent, the wig, the attitude.
A miserable, misguided police drama that almost seems to hate the police.
There's simply nothing challenging about this storytelling.
'Triple 9' has the right actors, but can't get the best performances from them. It has the right look, but it's frequently muddled by poor camerawork and editing. It has the right tone, but it doesn't have the emotional hook to make us care.
There's a really slick crime thriller here that doesn't have room to breathe under the weight of the overstuffed cast and muddled plot.
Triple 9 races past in a blur of crime and action scenes, with plenty of violence and the odd spot of gallows humour to keep things interesting.
If you're in the right frame of mind for a lurid, blood-soaked B-movie with an A-list cast, Triple 9 is just the ticket.
Matt Cook's maiden feature-length screenplay-something about dirty Atlanta cops being blackmailed by the Russian Jewish mafia-is so murky it leaves the whole cast looking tentative, if not defensive.
Hillcoat brings stray moments of style and surprise to "Triple 9" but not nearly enough to save it; for every twist you don't see coming, there are five you probably will.
Begins with an exciting, superbly crafted heist sequence that recalls Michael Mann's Heat, setting up expectations that the rest of the movie mostly fails to meet.
The action is bracing, the twists sprightly, but the sum of its parts sits heavy, like a meal that won't digest.
"Triple 9" is a superbly crafted film, the sort of big-screen roller coaster I admire even if its plot falters.
Although "Triple 9" was most likely just a paycheck film for all involved, its go-for-the-gut efficiency can't be denied.
#AllLivesMatter? Not here. Hillcoat wants us to admit the truth behind the robbers' callous calculation: Some people are worth more than others.
An exercise in dreary cynicism... It's hard to imagine a picture that's more of a wallow in corruption and nastiness than this.
By the end, Triple 9 is anything but by the numbers, a frustrating head-scratcher sabotaged by its narrative ambition. It's too bad things wind up that way, because the film has promise.
"Triple 9" feels more like a collection of good scenes than a novel, propulsive whole. Viewers are apt to be entertained by the film's visceral pulp pleasures, but left apathetic when it comes to its instantly forgettable genre cliches.
It's a problem when every move a movie makes is a reminder of movies that everyone should have walked out of before. Not that Triple 9 is as incompetently macho-empty as Killing Me Softly or Out of the Furnace, but it's close.
"Triple 9" doesn't exactly transcend its genre, but it definitely exploits it for all it's worth.
Triple 9 is like a David Ayer film on steroids, which is to say it's like Training Day if most of the characters were as morally compromised as Denzel Washington's.
A murky movie, where that murkiness is both an asset and a limitation.
Given the movie's bloody stew of greed and sadism, its unbalanced frames and ear-scraping soundscape, its moral tidiness can bring a smile to your otherwise appalled face.
There are movies about ugly, vile people, and there are ugly, vile movies. "Triple 9" is the latter.
The slam-bang opening bank robbery and chase channels the best of Michael Mann from his Heat days. But Triple 9 soon bleeds out and becomes a perfunctory hodgepodge of other crime movies.
The director's use of Atlanta as a setting is much more successful... The humidity and glaring sun seem to make the streets and projects simmer with rage, creating a palpable feeling that something is about to blow.
Triple 9 imagines itself a sprawling, nihilistic epic, and it floats along for a while on the shoulders of its prestige filmmaking and cast, but ultimately the storytelling just isn't up to the task.
This is superior hard-boiled pulp.
The strange, bright scuzziness of the overall style elevates Triple 9's more familiar elements, such as the Heat-like heists and the tense cop vs. crook stand-offs.
Hillcoat's women are, once again, left largely on the sidelines. Only Kate Winslet makes an impression as the matriarch of a Russian Jewish crime family -- and that's because she's badly miscast.
A taut, character-fueled crime film undone by its own ambitions.
There are a lot of great actors here and surprisingly good action scenes and a tense ending, all of which make "Triple 9" one of the more enjoyable urban crime dramas in recent memory.
John Hillcoat's film arrives prepackaged with suggested comparisons to Michael Mann's Heat that it never earns because of its dreary literal-mindedness.
"Triple 9" should scratch the itch for fans of the genre, but those who look at the incredible level of talent and expect a shotgun blast of raw power; you're only going to get a .22.
It's got everything except a real script. Or director.
Tries your patience, but the guys are cool and the finale is surprising and pulse-pounding.
[Hillcoat is] an expert in creating and sustaining gut-twisting tension. Good qualities all, but used here in the service of a story that is truly unappetizing.
The most impressive thing about Triple 9 is that it somehow manages to be both predictable and incoherent at the same time. Well, that and the fact that it manages to make half a dozen good actors look really lost.
Undeniably exciting at times, it's just as often laughably bad-not a good combination at the box office.
An alternately visceral and cerebral, high body-count crime thriller not to be missed!
Is this the 'Avengers: The Age of Ultron' of crime movies, which is to say a movie overstuffed with pure stuff? Or is it jam-packed on purpose?
An exceptional roster of talent - and an overqualified one.
It's hard to tell how much time has passed between scenes, or just why, as the twists come, the characters would suddenly turn so dumb.
A grim urban landscape of dirty cops, corrupt ex-special forces ops, ruthless mobsters and vicious gang members allows for no moral high ground.
Triple 9 unfolds in a hyper-masculine haze that's more conducive to adrenaline-rush action and a pervasive sense of tension than it is to narrative clarity.
What an unexpected treat.
Triple 9 is not a classic of the genre but it's solidly entertaining.
All the surface razzle-dazzle can't quite conceal the lack of heart and soul underneath.
Hillcoat is clearly fascinated by the ever-increasing gap between America's rich and poor. A shame he can't turn that crisis into a credible drama.
For hardcore fans of the cop-movie genre starved for material, maybe "Triple 9" will be enough. The rest of us will likely leave the movie feeling like an opportunity was missed somewhere.
No amount of buck‑toothed Woody Harrelson, wistful con Chiwetel Ejiofor or ripped everyman Casey Affleck can save this from comfortable mediocrity.
Director John Hillcoat has clearly been studying the Michael Mann playbook and he gives the action scenes plenty of muscle... But Chris Allen's script doesn't give the characters enough substance to give their ordeals real emotional heft.
After a post-apocalyptic dystopia (The Road) and Prohibition-era America (Lawless), Australian director John Hillcoat brings his edgy Wild West sensibilities to this gritty present-day heist thriller.
In the main, this is powerhouse filmmaking: gritty, pulse-pounding, intelligent and viscerally thrilling. Genre fans should have a blast.
This is a taut, tense and thrilling two hours, supercharged with some serious star power.
A great Friday night thriller with blistering action scenes and muscular performances, Winslet out-doing the boys in dead-eyed villainy.
Compelling and gut-tighteningly intense.
While Triple 9 may lack the substance it needed to be a great film, its action is executed with enough flair and its cast has enough raw charm to make it a very good one.
Solidly watchable, even if the characters remain frustratingly unknowable.
The story is clotted and overloaded, lacking the necessary clean tautness and suspense. And Kate Winslet's turn as a hatchet-faced Russian mob matriarch is a bit on the ridiculous side.
There is a lot to like: a great opening, searing action and strong cast (Winslet is a stand out).
It's an accomplished disappointment: the zealous cast, surplus of attitude and sinewy set pieces never quite compensate for the thinly sketched characters, unfocused plot and general gnawing sense of potential not being met.
One gets no sense that the film approves of the ruthless lunge for swag, but it does ask us to enjoy being unnerved by it all.
How did a genre-smashing director make a heist thriller so generic, with characters too unlikable to be engaging but not twisted enough to be intriguing?
Thrillingly tense, powerfully atmospheric crime drama, heightened by a superb ensemble cast, a gripping script and Hillcoat's assured direction.
It's hardly a chore to sit through, but you do feel that Hillcoat was striving for something grander than he actually ended up with.
Feels like an elongated episode of a series rather than a standalone movie.
A nicely nasty little crime thriller, "Triple 9" gets off on its pitiless tone and ultra-macho characters, committing to its steely vibe so completely that even the flaws start to feel like compelling quirks.
Without much investment, one just sits back with increasing detachment and bemused curiosity as to where and on whom the next shoe will drop.
A modern-day heist thriller of unusually grim, coiled intensity ...
If there's a police code it merits, it's a "10-22": "Disregard."
Tight, taut and brilliantly structured.
If you like bleak 'n' brutal thrillers like The French Connection, Se7en and Animal Kingdom (who doesn't?), this is the movie for you.
It'll leave you buzzing.

@highlight

Triple 9 's pulpy potboiler thrills don't quite live up to the ferocious talents of its cast, but the film's efficient, solidly crafted genre fun is often enough to balance its troublesome flaws.