Just imagine how much more authentic, topical and engaging this would be if Rock made this film in 2015 instead of eight years earlier.
Pootie Tang was spikier and funnier
Rock's so-so temptation comedy earns its R rating.
A roly-poly CBS sitcom, only with more liberal use of the f-word.
I Think I Love My Wife doesn't seem to know which choice to embrace (comedy or drama) and ends up being a hit-and-miss affair.
Rock's breakthrough as a director -- a chance for him to grapple openly with his status as a maturing (but still ostensibly immature) comedian.
Buppie infidelity, marital boredom and female temptation on every street corner are the predicaments posed by this Chris Rock directed oddly unromantic fare.
Until Rock is able to find a vehicle suitable for his unrestrained talent, there'll no doubt be more duds like this on the way
Rock's humor is once again in its diluted form here.
Here's a French sex comedy starring Chris Rock. Yes, really -- Chris Rock.
The big problem is, the movie is not funny.
One of the film's key revelations is that his resistance to having an affair comes as much from wishing to maintain his lifestyle (the high-paying job, the nice house, the kids) as from loyalty to his wife. Why sharp observations like that one would need
Neither stylistically innovative nor particularly entertaining.
some witty social observations, but there are also some slapstick scenes that feel as if they were taken from a completely different movie.
Rock's version is funnier, blacker, hipper, and sexier, but Rohmer's shows a little more skin.
Perhaps some comedians aren't meant for the big screen.
The movie has overtones of misogyny that stick in the craw.
I'm sure Rock meant well, but the next time he feels the urge to improve upon the French, he should try his hand at baguettes.
The problem with Chris Rock writing, directing, and starring in a film is that every character winds up talking just like Chris Rock.
Too bad the central character is someone you wouldn't want to spend five minutes with, let alone an hour and a half.
A crass mid-life crisis comedy that becomes an improbable, uneven rumination about love on the rocks.
Rock's observations seem authentic. The problem is they aren't especially funny.
If you're looking for Rock's trademark smart-ass wit, you'll want to look somewhere else.
I think I hated this movie!
This is not a date film, nor is it a chick flick. I'm not sure who it's for,but it's probably not you.
The plot is one big tease.
The movie is an erratic, noisy, and anxious paean to masculine desire. In a word, it's all about dick.
An entertaining look at a marriage that has become too routine.
If Rock wants to ... spread his wings, fine. Just don't call it a comedy when it's something like I Think I Love My Wife. I don't think I love it much.
Rock has commented that it's tricky for a comedian to play straight roles because their comedic parts can be just as challenging. He lamented that he couldn't imagine a fan saying, "Hey! Come on, let's go see Chris Rock not be funny!" Now he can.
Viagra jokes, I-have-a-headache rebuffs, a sequence devoted to the humiliation of buying condoms at a pharmacy...c'mon, Chris, you can do better than that.
Just because this union of artist and material isn't a complete mind-bender doesn't mean that it works.
I Think I Love My Wife is first and foremost a sex comedy. But Rock is sharp enough to set it in a world where people of all races share the same dreams and desires -- if not the same real estate.
Very little that's clever, romantic or witty in this formulaic romp.
Lost in a series of crude, mean-spirited scenarios that includes a stupid Viagra gag and ends with a lip-synched musical number that reeks of creative desperation. The sole bit of inspiration is the Rohmer-esque 'Fin,' and it's a welcome sight.
Saddled with the weight of an unfocused, cliché-ridden script, a tiresome voice-over narration that drones on and on, and acting by Rock that's as wooden as Pinocchio, I Think I Love My Wife staggers in predictable circles for 94 long minutes.
The most shocking thing about I Think I Love My Wife isn't the language, the sex, or the racial humor. It's the fact that it's not a funny movie. At all.
I Think I Love My Wife has little to say and it doesn't have enough laughs to work as pure comedy. Rock the writer/director isn't doing Rock the actor any favors here, nor is he doing many for the audience.
As uneven as I Think I Love My Wife often is, it still has an emotional resonance lacking in most films about relationships. By dealing with temptation in even a quasi-realistic way, it affirms that, like comedy, monogamy is hard.
The movie lays on gag situations that smack of fillers.
Chris Rock's direction of I Think I Love My Wife isn't especially noteworthy. His screenwriting (with comedian Louis C.K.) is all over the map.
Rock isn't quite clever enough as a director to keep the energy alive in a film that's one long bit of foreplay that might or might not pay off.
In the end, it is not the sexism and misogyny that truly ails I Think I Love My Wife-if the movie was actually funny, Rock probably would get away with all of that-it's just that it's so tired. The humor falls flat. The situation is hardly novel.
Rock fails to develop the characters caught in their conjugal and singleton traps. As usual, his observational humor zings (and stings) -- but this is a movie, not stand-up.
Its source is not Rock's own material -- it's actually taken from a French New Wave movie called Chloe in the Afternoon, whose director, Eric Rohmer, had a knack for character that eludes Rock.
While the movie gets at a couple of truths about marriage, it's just not that funny. The pacing sags and the story-driven gags (including, ugh, a condom-buying scene where the clerk loudly discusses the purchase) don't sizzle.
Rock is so fixed on crude jokes, he neglects to create realistic characters and a story that's compelling to follow.
Chris Rock, who famously mocked Jude Law's movie career at the Oscars, ought to watch out for his own after his second dud in a row as an actor-director, the screamingly unfunny romantic comedy I Think I Love My Wife.
...the edgy Rock doesn't bring any of his desired brand of caustic wit to his choppy and disposable romantic comedy...ends up dripping in mechanical life-crisis lameness.
For each joke that is fresh, there are at least three that fall thuddingly flat.
Rock's defining comic characteristic is his no-nonsense honesty, tackling awkward issues head-on with bold, hostile, uproarious insights. Playing a milquetoast, he's tossed away his best weapon.
Despite a few snappy one-liners, the film and its humor are episodic and unfocused.
I Think I Love My Wife is about as entertaining as reading someone else's divorce settlement.
Comes up a bit short on both laughs and psychology.
The anger that once made Rock's comedy so funny and provocative has become simply mean-spirited.
The movie could have used some energy overall and possibly an ending that makes sense.
I Think I Love My Wife slogs through drama and comedy as though both were a duty as onerous as a sexless marriage. Rarely do characters display anything approaching logic, unless their 180-degree turnarounds are part of a geometry proof.
All good stuff. Rock delivers some laugh-out-loud lines, Washington is sexy and dangerous, Torres makes her character something more than a frigid harpy, and the workplace scenes are well-played.
This film has no more insight, and less originality, than [Rock's] completely gag-driven comedy.
This insincere, even phony, film is so laugh-challenged that it practically defies its description as a romantic comedy. It's neither romantic nor funny.
The off-color humor and R-rated language seems an attempt to reach out to his fan base, but in all, this attempt at "realistic" comedy never seems funny or emotionally insightful enough to matter.
Directed and written by the talented comic, the movie suffers from the overblown notes of a punch-line-driven routine.
The movie never breaks the surface of its characters or their situation. And Mr. Rock's paint-by-numbers approach as director only compounds the movie's flat, formulaic feel.
Rock finally provides hope he will develop into a genuine force on the big screen. The script is sharp and quick, and Rock's direction is sure-handed and occasionally inspired. He gives us a workday New York that feels real.
The movie completes the trilogy of middlebrow ineptitude that began with Earth and continued through Head of State to Wife, the weakest of these puny pictures. It proves conclusively that a comically castrated Rock is useless.
A sophisticated look at the tedium of an old marriage and the temptation of a new love that marks a maturing of his humor without any attendant dulling of [Rock's] cutting-edge causticity. (Start taking notes, Eddie Murphy.)
... if only the movie were as stinging as his stand-up.
Surprisingly mature.
Rock really is attempting to channel Woody Allen in trying to craft a flick that flows freely from his own stand-up comedy style into a more sophisticated setting.
A truly universal comedy about relationships that's worth more than a few laughs regardless of your race, gender or marital status.
Perhaps Rock tries to stretch himself further than his talents currently allow, but next time he could pull off something masterful.
Rock looks more discomforted by the crowd-pleasing requirements of Hollywood moviemaking than Richard does by his wedding ring.
Listen, I'm not about to say Rock has won me over completely. What he has done is force me to reevaluate his skills both behind and in front of the camera.
It's the sort of film that suggests that [Rock] could end up in Wild Hogs 2 somewhere down the road. And that's not a compliment...
Rock seems to be unintentionally arguing that a black male of any economic class will still go through life with the thought and speech patterns of an uneducated juvenile delinquent who's ready for lockup on "Law and Order."
I Think I Love My Wife is mainly just another Chris Rock routine, tied up in a fancier, more adult bow.
Chris Rock is a brilliant comedian. Too bad he's not a brilliant director and actor as well.
There are some raucous set pieces and a lot of frank, jokey talk about sex, but I Think I Love My Wife is not after crude or easy hilarity, and Mr. Rock works hard to hold his aggressive, irrepressible comic personality in check.
One of the best things about I Think I Love My Wife is that the film takes the time to develop the three principals beyond the stereotypes that underlie the characters.
Mixing Rock with ooh-la-la turns out to be as appetizing as chalk and cheese.
Spazzing bubbles of slapstick humor, melodrama, musical numbers and sterile jokes emphasize Rock's unpolished acting and directing abilities.
Rock keeps going and going and going until this movie absolutely falls apart. You know it and feel it as Rock and Torres break into song.
Wife is profane, awkward, and sprinkled with a strange racial subtext; basically the cinematic equivalent of Rock himself.
The film ultimately fails to make Nikki an enticing character. She is just a one-dimensional manipulator. This removes the drama, the danger, and the interest from the story.
Women don't come off terribly well in I Think I Love My Wife, writer-director Chris Rock's comedic 'update' of the 1972 Eric Rohmer drama, Chloe in the Afternoon. It's not so much misogynistic as it resembles a fossil from another era.
Suffering through Wife actually makes you miserable.
Rock's idea of 'edgy'? Jokes about boners, Viagra, and how nasty rap music scares white people.
It may be cruel to say it, but there's also no getting around the fact that Rock doesn't have the charisma to hold this thing together. He's great at stand-up, and not bad in supporting roles, but he simply doesn't have the stature of a leading man.
You can enjoy the cast in I Think I Love My Wife, but it's too bad they don't have more notes to play.
It's good to see Rock in a semiserious role for once, but this glossy comedy of temptation overcome lacks any raison d'être. Profanity and obviousness are no substitute for the wit and subtle insights of the original film.
The movie is hilarious. ...There's [Rock's character's] encounter with Viagra, which I can't describe but has to be one of the funniest scenes of the decade and should easily push the movie over the $100 million mark by Week 3.
There's an undercurrent of misogyny in Wife, which is odd, since it ultimately wants to be a celebration of marital happiness.
Rock's depiction of women as either pouting spoilsports, nagging, frigid soccer moms or man-eating vixens harkens back to the pre-feminist '60s.
I Think I Love My Wife is a surprisingly grown-up film. With only a minimum of gross-out humor - which may disappoint his fans - it gives us an adult take on relationships and a take the younger film audience may not be willing to hear.
This might be the worst date movie of all time.
The film might be a wake-up call for couples not ready for the future, but it does a better job of enjoying temptation than saluting the strength to resist closing the deal.
There are just enough great lines to keep this uneven comedy from devolving into a complete mess, but it never coalesces into anything of substance or real quality.
[Rock's] crowd-pleasing gags tend to clash with Rohmer's sly moral comedy.
We love you, Chris Rock. And we dearly want to love your movies.
The women in Richard's life are the problem - for him and for the film.
A film that expends all of its energy canceling itself out ... The flopsweat could be measured in gallons.
Rock is still too stiff and clunky as a filmmaker.
Rock has taken [Eric] Rohmer's marvelously probing, psychologically refined, exquisitely yakky, and deeply French movie and turned it into a coarse-talking, race-conscious, tonally challenged life-crisis comedy.
Rock appears to have been inspired by the opportunity Chloe affords for unloading bitter chauvinism and venting hostility.
A tired reworking of The Seven Year Itch in which scripter Rock supplies star Rock with unfunny lines and dumb situations that director Rock stages without any style.
There's a lot to recommend here, and it's a stepping stone to even more impressive work from Chris Rock.
A bland, tedious Rock sounds like contradiction in terms in describing the usually energetic comic but that's what we get here. Claiming linkage to Rohmer's Chloe in the Afternoon may bring cache but also shows the huge gap between the films
Under director Rock, actor Rock doesn't possess quite the chops to pull off this character, and the humor and flights of fancy are simply too low-key for a movie that lists 'Irresistible Fantasy Woman No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3' in its credits.
Says all the poignant things that Rock manages to say so well in his comedy act, but does it with more finesse and charm.
As a director, Rock has little visual flair, so the film looks clumsy and stilted.






@highlight

Chris Rock's comedic instincts are muted and the female characters are unsatisfactorily drawn in this uneven sex farce/domestic drama mashup.