It's a family friendly dog adventure film, with great wintry location shots, an emotionally pleasing feel-good story and a one-note but warm star performance by Paul Walker.
The Alaskan Huskies of Eight Below are both better-looking and better performers than their human counterparts, and their vigilant scenes of solo survival on an Antarctic outpost make for the highlight of this otherwise predictable rescue mission.
Kids will be enraptured (and a tad frightened) and all but the stoniest-hearted adults will join them for a bit of a cry.
Live-action animal adventures have always been a Disney specialty, and this one has a pretty compelling plot.
At first sight a fun but slightly sappy man-and-his-dogs story, Eight Below quickly evolves into a well-crafted wilderness adventure reminiscent of Disney's heyday.
It's heartbreaking, it's exciting, it's engrossing, it's a home run for Disney, and it's finally a good performance for Paul Walker.
It's the canine players who carry the movie and will capture the hearts of viewers young and old.
The film is padded out to a full two hours, which may not be quite as long as the dogs have to wait for their rescue, but it does feel like it.
The human interaction is just a little too precious and the digression away from the dogs and the main story is just too long for it to feel like anything but a major detour.
It's heartwarming, occasionally exciting, and some of the cinematography is exemplary.
The film looks handsome, the photography is grand, and the dogs do their part admirably. Now, if it weren't for those pesky humans....
The movie is a perfectly decent work of fiction and an enjoyable family adventure.
There are times when resisting the Disney line just isn't worth the effort.
After two hours in Walker's slack-jawed company, you feel like you've just gone through the Antarctic winter yourself.
Walker and co. might get a healthy burst of screentime in the middle, but its the team of dogs who steal the show.
The dogs are adorable and the scenery is impressive, but this is poorly written, badly paced and at least 30 minutes too long.
The biggest accomplishment of all is keeping these wonderful, loveable sled dogs inhuman; they are dogs. And we love dogs.
It's entertaining and sweet, and rather annoyingly fake.
Now, this is a kids' movie, first and foremost, so my high rating is based on the film's core demographic and not geared to snobby, Milk-Dud encrusted cinephiles who scoff at a little Mark Isham -engineered heart tugging.
Perhaps you have to be a dog owner to be reduced to the blubbering mess that I found myself in by the end of Disney's Eight Below.
A cut way above. A nearly perfect family movie.
The dogs take the biscuit in Eight Below, an enthralling fact-based tale of man's best friend struggling to survive a harsh Antarctic winter.
An example of a formula picture executed with the right mixture of professionalism and heart.
Dogs rule, humans drool!
It gets a bit sappy towards the end as earnest movies often tend to do, but the trip is worth it, creating a fine piece of wilderness adventure, a genre that has languished in recent years.
Could this be the beginning of a new era of excellence for Disney? We'll see. It's definitely a great start.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks, but where Hollywood movies are concerned, sometimes those old tricks are still pretty darn impressive.
If you thought those marching penguins were brave and adorable, wait till you see an eight pack of courageous, intelligent and captivating dogs ...
Eight Below doesn't anthropomorphize the dogs or play down the jeopardy they are in, creative choices that bolster the film's realism.
A pleasant re-imagining, thanks mostly to the great performances of eight beautiful dogs.
Eight Below is so filled with action, adventure, and genuine emotion that it's easy to ignore the few little things that don't work.
"Eight Below" is exciting, and the arctic photography stunning but it's too long, and perhaps a little scary and too realistic at times for youngsters.
Disney throws family audiences a bone with this chilly dog story.
A year hence, the academy should give Mike Alexander a special Oscar (R) for animal wrangling.
Eight Below runs two hours and would have benefited from losing 30 minutes of that -- all of it from Jerry's (Paul Walker) protracted quest. The other human actors are simply types.
... a shaggy-dog version of a Jack London story, enhanced with an animatronic leopard seal that looks like Charlie the Tuna.
Those pesky creatures known as actors keep getting in the way of total enjoyment.
'Eight Below' makes a compelling case for preferring animals to people.
It's too clichéd, it's too rote, and honestly I think you have to care a little bit more about the individual dogs to believe that these people would care so much.
The plot's slavish schmaltz proves as oppressive as the harsh winter that descends upon the dogs.
The dogs in EIGHT BELOW are excellent -- courageous, expressive, smart, and adorable. Their human costars? Well, they're okay too.
...a rousing tale of canines courageous that warms the heart enough to offset the chilly surroundings.
A good movie but with a little tweaking it could have been a classic Disney film
The dogs are the best actors in the film.
Disney can make a real live animal appear as if it is thinking and reasoning like a human being, and can somehow get us to believe that its facial expressions are indicative of what it's thinking.
I'd say I agonized over writing this review more than any other film I've seen in the last 18 years.
[D]og lovers, I'm totally serious when I say: Bring lots of hankies.
Parents should know that it's too scary for very young children and be prepared that some dogs do die in this live-action animal adventure.
I wish 'Eight Below' had spent more time showing those wonderful dogs instead of including so many uninspired segments with human actors.
... Deserves to be seen on the big screen in all its glory
... the canine cuteness, breathtaking action and acts of bravery are worth braving the Disney elements -- overpowering, poignant music, an unnecessary romantic subplot -- if you like your movies doggy-style.
[A] top-notch survival adventure that will reduce the coldest heart to a puddle of warm slush.
Providing you park your reason outside and let these amazing dogs do the work, which they appear delighted to do, Eight Below is an engaging enough way to spend an hour or two with the kids.
If you don't choke up at least once during the dogs' engaging adventure, you obviously prefer cats.
The movie is overly long and much too intense for small children, yet it's filled with dialogue and plot turns that are too juvenile to thrill adult audiences.
Eight Below can give you eight sniffles and friendly frostbite.
Emotive, great-looking and physically nimble, the principal actors in Eight Below are born movie stars. The human actors are ok, too.
Eight Below is engrossing and inspiring, with an undeniable appeal, especially for animal lovers.
The dogs are so compelling to watch that you're mostly willing to overlook the flaws in the picture, which, thankfully, never sinks to the jokey cinematic nadir of Snow Dogs.
Eight Below is dazzling to look at, and nicely intercuts the human relationships with the pooches' awesome struggles to stay alive in the white, wintry wild.
It's a sturdy, old-fashioned adventure yarn.
Pity the filmmakers lost their nerve just short of a big payoff.
The requisite tagline 'inspired by true events' should read 'actually inspired by a much grittier Japanese film from 1983, which was based on events that occurred in 1957, that have here been updated to 1993.'
Watching the canines scamper across glaciers is far more entertaining than watching Walker wander around depressed. The movie should be more March of the Huskies and less Dude, Where's My Sled?
The dogs deserve the star treatment, because whenever [Paul] Walker and the other two-footers take over it's as if Jack Nicholson has yielded the spotlight to, say, David Schwimmer.
Walker, of 2 Fast 2 Furious, is 2 flat 2 forgettable.
It is a Disney adventure movie that does old Walt himself proud.
The film milks every opportunity to yank the heartstrings, but despite the calculation in its soul, Eight Below still manages to be a moving story about -- what else? -- the power of love.
Uninspiring and bland, Eight Below leaves you with nothing more than a greater appreciation for the insulating power of fur.
This is soggy filmmaking, with cute doggie behaviour and cute human behaviour lobbed into the story like some form of insurance. Sad.
Dog fanciers and lovers of white-out arctic-looking scenery should be plenty pleased.
A throwback to the good old days of Disney live-action entertainment.
What's not to like? These dogs will EASILY win you over.
Q: How can a movie set in icy Antarctica be all warm and fuzzy? A: When it's a heart-warming survival adventure that manages to transcend its cutesy-poo Disney pedigree.
Basically, what we have here is a stranded-animal movie in which the stranded animals are forced to split screen time with a mopey human character and his annoying, redundant friends.
A paint-by-numbers family adventure, nothing less, nothing more.
It's difficult to gauge who gets stranded more in Eight Below: the team of sled dogs left at the bottom of the world or audience members forced to sludge through two hours of very human melodrama to see them reunited with their handler.
The human co-stars are considerably less interesting [than the dogs], and that's the biggest problem with this outdoor adventure drama, which spends too much time with the humans and not enough with the considerably more watchable animals.
It's a great dog story told in traditional Disney fashion.
If you thought imperiled emperor penguins were heartwrenching, beware of these dogs.
A Kleenex-producing tale of survival and friendship that may just make you grab your favorite pooch and promise you'll never leave him/her stranded in the frozen wastelands.
Eight Below is the Brian's Song of dog movies: schmaltzy, feel-goody, inspired-by-a-true-story-y. It's formulaic and frequently over the top, 30 minutes too long and altogether too slow.
In this contest of emoting, the dogs win over the reliably bland Walker.
The film works best among the beasts. Their training is impeccable, their emotions are palpable, and almost all of their behavior is credible.
These dogs, as it turns out, can do anything -- even make us ignore the rough patches in a Disney movie.
It's the most touching love story about tragically separated sexy beasts since Cold Mountain.
...has little of the palpable tension of `March of the Penguins' and more of the anthropomorphized antics of Disney's `Snow Dogs.'
In the era of "Narnia." "Harry Potter" and "Kong," it's downright refreshing to watch a movie that finds Planet Earth to be an exciting place.
Eager dog owners may find themselves hounding for a husky after nibbling on this cinematic treat.
Eight Below is Disney's long-form apology for Snow Dogs.
an engrossing, even suspenseful adventure, along the lines of old-school Disney films like 'The Incredible Journey.'
This movie is just about perfect in every sense ---- the acting, the writing, the cinematography, the music --- combining to bring us a thrilling, absorbing and especially moving story about courage and determination.
This film has more thrills, excitement and tense moments than any I have seen in a long while.
Even performance and plot deficiencies can't stop a husky from emoting effectively on screen. Charming!
a solid, if a by-the-numbers, piece of work that gets you at an emotional level
Marshall sort of gets away with murder by walking the line of pitiless Antarctic cold and family-film warmth.
A dog faces death, not because of cold or hunger, not because it was abandoned to face the polar winter alone, but because it was distracted and enamored by the southern lights?
If you've ever read an inspiring article in Reader's Digest that involved animals, I dare say there is no reason to watch this movie.
Eight Below takes a lot of liberties and blows even more opportunities, but it remains a steady, fulfilling adventure.
When it comes to acting, the dogs are the only thing saving this movie.
The dogs are the stars. They're beautiful and expressive, and they alone provide all the humor, tears, tension and drama.
Old fashioned storytelling that's moving and exciting.
Steadfastly resists attempts to pigeonhole it into being merely one of the execrable Disney live action canon.
Eight Below proves beyond a reasonable doubt that Paul Walker is a walking Botox laboratory, devoid of any screen presence or the necessary emotional projection to sell this film.
I went into the theater with the same thought I always have before I watch a Paul Walker movie - I hope Paul Walker dies in this movie.
This is one of those lazy, lukewarm pictures that's even more disappointing than a purely bad one, and for one glaring reason: How could Marshall, his writers, and even his actors have let these dogs down so badly?
Call the movie "uninspired by a true story."
The story is exciting and inspiring, the dogs and scenery are breathtakingly gorgeous, and director Frank Marshall expertly balances thrills, laughs, and tender moments that are genuinely moving.
Frank Marshall is smart enough to know his core audience of kiddies came to see the dogs, who take center stage in many of the film's best sequences.
[It] lives up to the fine tradition of Disney animal adventures.
Director Frank Marshall otherwise manages to tell his story with a minimum of nonsense.
It's an engrossing film that reminds us of the nobility and grace of man's best friend, and of the fierce will to survive in the face of the harshest of odds.
Through all the highs and lows there are two constants: The story of the dogs survival in the wilderness inspires while the 150-plus day struggle of their handler Jerry Shepard (Paul Walker) to bring them home is an unmitigated bore.
Abandoned by their masters when a storm hits Antarctica, eight amazing huskies find themselves instantly anthropomorphized.
This family adventure about a team of sled dogs abandoned in Antarctica naturally invokes the traditional shout of 'Mush!' urging the canines to go faster, but it's also an apt descriptor of both its shameless sentimentality and ineptly structured story.
...a thrilling, sometimes excruciating adventure and a real testament to the spirit and intelligence of the working animals at its core.
It looks like the old-fashioned animal adventure tale is back.
A family film that doesn't pander, preach, or poop out. That alone is a rare thing.
Following the success of last year's March of the Penguins, and now Eight Below -- an equally triumphal processional of dogs across the bottom of the world -- Cinema Antarctica is suddenly sizzling hot!
In 2002, the cringefest Snow Dogs stripped huskies of their dignity. Eight Below restores it.
The interaction between the dogs, some of whom have beautiful crystalline white coats, is far more fascinating than what goes on between the two-legged mammals, which is sometimes mushy (pun intended).
The eight canine stars of Eight Below pull their weight literally and figuratively in this lively dog-in-jep adventure from Disney.
Although the movie blatantly panders to pet lovers, it deserves high marks for not jettisoning credibility in the process. Its bite is as good as its bark.
Eight Below may be a Disney Lite version of a true story about sled dogs left to survive on their own in the Antarctic wilderness, but it's still a weeper for those for whom the loss of one dog is too much.
Take away the plane crash, change the setting from South America to Antarctica, and swap humans for canines and Eight Below is a virtual remake of [1993's Alive].
There are human beings in this movie and they are fine, but it is the magnificent four-legged actors who give this movie its bite.
The story of dog-like Paul Walker's never-in-doubt reunion with his people-like charges.
Lacks the idiosyncracies of the wonderful 'Grizzly Man,' but carries a solid story line.
The dogs are able to emote way more than (Paul) Walker can.
Dog lovers, beware: Expect those tears to flow.
As magnificent as the setting is, the dogs are more so.
Remarkable, how in a film where we know with an absolute certainty that all or most of the dogs must survive, Eight Below succeeds as an effective story. It works by focusing on the dogs.
[Frank Marshall] isn't exactly a cinematic poet, but he does a fine job delineating each individual dog's personality, as well as the shifting hierarchy of power within the pack.
An emotionally gripping survival story with jaw-dropping cinematography, a straightforward sense of Antarctic danger and, brace yourself, good work from Paul Walker.
That Paul Walker is out-acted by several humans, eight dogs and a leopard seal shouldn't surprise anyone.
Don't let the ads or the poster fool you, this isn't Snow Dogs (thank goodness) and you'd be wrong to dismiss this as just another Disney dog movie.
[A] spirit-affirming family affair about the resourcefulness of God's creatures.
It's difficult not to find the dogs strong and sympathetic creatures, but, alas, the human side lets them down in more ways than one.
A powerfully emotional film that will be taken to heart by animal lovers of all stripes.
Not since Lassie Come Home has there been such a wonderful film about the limitless bonds between men and dogs that triumph over adversity.
Only an extraordinarily hubristic film would declare itself "The Most Amazing Story of Survival, Friendship, and Adventure Ever Told."
A thrilling, old-fashioned animal adventure that ranks with the best of such classic Disney films. Animal lovers everywhere will absolutely adore this movie.
The family adventure Eight Below is an easy watch, thanks to the splendors of frosty scenery and furry canines.
Disney may have written the book on live-action animal adventure stories, but it has been quite a while since there has been a chapter as terrific as Eight Below.
The dogs' remarkable acting abilities admirably serve the bulk of the movie...
Those pengiuns didn't have the personal star power of Max, Maya, or Paul Walker.
The dogs are absolutely beautiful, and outshine a lot of the little flaws plaguing their movie.
It's lucky for human actors that canines can't win Academy Awards, because, if they could, the dogs in Eight Below would sweep next year's Oscars.

@highlight

Featuring a stellar cast of marooned mutts, who deftly display emotion, tenderness, loyalty and resolve, Eight Below is a heartwarming and exhilarating adventure film.