Every horror cliché in the book is unleashed.
The trend lately in Hollywood is that the first weekend in January belongs to horror. Unfortunately for us, it's subpar horror.
Characters usually suffer their terrible fates through blatant stupidity.
embarrasses a horror icon
The gore is plentiful, the acting is solid, and Leatherface is a monster once again.
With acting that falls way under the bar, poorly written characters, a ten year gap that everyone ignores, and a pretty laughable storyline, Texas Chainsaw is somewhat watchable thanks to the legacy its built on that it nearly pisses all over.
There's a great deal of potential in the approach. The execution, however, is half-baked and half-assed.
It deserves a modicum of credit for actually making you despise a chainsaw-wielding maniac less than a bunch of lowlife redneck scum.
Texas Chainsaw immediately establishes itself as a significant improvement over the various other entries in this enduring franchise...
The equivalent of filmic road kill ... An abridged version of the original, rendered in bad 3D, serves as a pre-credit set-up and makes us long for the real deal.
You may think that after six movies that there would be nothing left to say on the topic of Texas chainsaw massacres, and you would be right.
Director John Luessenhop delivers some jolts as well as much gruesomeness, but a bogus ending and the convoluted morality of a script that tries to transform the vengeful Leatherface into a sympathetic if psychotic antihero hamstrings his efforts.
( ... ) you might want to imagine I'm wielding a chainsaw that's making the noise rrrrrrrrrrrLLLLLLLLL! And that, as I write, I'm chopping up the three scriptwriters and three story writers on the grounds of over-manning (ditto, nine producers).
Leatherface is a loser.
Seeing a flick in January usually means lowering your expectations, but no moviegoer should have to endure this.
Leatherface is the smartest one in this picture: he's the only one with the good sense to cover up his face so no one will know he was involved in this putrid waste of time.
This new film survives on its formulaic horror mechanics and the powerful image of a chain saw wielded in 3-D.
There are some gory kills and some goofy fun as a huge chainsaw thrusts out of the screen in 3D, but this is a generic by the numbers slasher that squanders TCM's grimy history.
Includes some of the absolute worst 3-D effects that I can ever remember seeing.
Texas Chainsaw 3D is the sort of movie that makes you wish they made kevler contact lenses.
"Texas Chainsaw 3D" is not a very original slasher film. It mostly serves fans of the horror genre with its stereotypical characters and gore.
When making a sequel to a beloved genre classic, it's generally unwise to include clips of the masterpiece you're attempting to live up to.
An inane, insane horror movie but Alexandra Daddario makes it bearable.
An artless exercise, but also sporadically successful in its attempts to expand on the Leatherface mythos in a new-ish way.
math doesn't mean much in Texas Chainsaw, nor does logic, for that matter, or anything resembling originality or daring
It feels more like a non-scary 'Scary Movie' spoof than the real deal, such is its lack of genuine tension.
Maybe it's due to ... lowered expectations, but I found "Texas Chainsaw 3-D" a mildly entertaining way to pass an hour and a half on a cold winter afternoon.
Isn't as bad as you'd expect...but it's further evidence that the kindest cut would be to leave these old movies alone.
Don't call this a reimagining, because imagination is the last thing at work here.
Sadly, this leap onto the stereoscopic bandwagon marks a new low for the franchise, as far away in quality from the '74 original as it is in years.
Texas Chainsaw 3D isn't exactly good, but despite its many clichés and generic indulgences, you want to give it some points for trying.
Pardon me while I reassess my stance on the death penalty.
This is the inherent problem with 'Texas Chainsaw 3D' [is that] not only is it not brutal, it's not fun either.
[F]or it to work, one must set aside the most basic considerations of one's conscience as firmly as the screenwriters dismiss the entire plot and point of the original film.
I wish I could say Texas Chainsaw 3D is the dark rebirth of a horror icon, but instead it's just another poorly written, feebly acted, terror devoid slasher flick with no rhyme or reason and it is not worthy of Leatherface's participation.
Another glorified remake in denial, Texas Chainsaw is an early contender for the worst film of 2013.
"Let's all take our bare bellies to Texas! Maybe we can have someone mesquite barbecue our own ribs - the ones we haven't had surgically removed, I mean'
The original "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" leaves audiences feeling hollowed out, dispirited and dissolute. "Texas Chainsaw 3D" is simply a bummer for being a big nothing.
As pointless as one feared it might be.
Oh dear lord no. Generic, tension-free and lacking in any originality whatsoever. And the 3D is beyond useless.
That it heads off the beaten track is to its credit - this is a farily self-aware affair - despite the ludicrous nature of the events.
A clunky, lumbering sequel that, like its masked protagonist, has no redeeming features.
Maybe it's time to bury the leather face mask and move on.
Alexandra Daddario, playing a distant Leatherface cousin set to inherit the manor (and manner), continues her sad career in unbuttoned bondage, and the 3-D effects are especially ruinous.
All the makers of "Texas Chainsaw 3D" cared about was getting your $16.
Try as [Luessenhop] might to honor the original -- flashbulb transitions, a skeevy (yet buff) hitchhiker, metal doors, and meat hooks -- there's little of its mounting dread.
The first movie to go into wide release in 2013 misses, by mere days, a qualifying run for the 2012 Oscars.
If you don't care for the characters - and, sweet Caviezel, the people in this flick are morons - it's hard to feel any fear for them. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Exploitative, gruesome, and trivial horror flick
Make no mistake: Texas Chainsaw 3D is a terrible movie, but it delivers better than any other follow-up to the original film. I have to admit I had a lot of fun watching it.
An effort is made to provide some character definition for Leatherface, which is probably a mistake. He's much scarier as a cipher.
Not being irredeemable garbage counts as a modest achievement, but it's a small step in the right direction.
A savage, sicko, slasher flick.
In such slabs of beef, there's always going to be gristle. At least Luessenhop and company cut around most of it and sear in enough seasoning to serve something that, as cheapie-roadside cinematic meals go, is surprisingly digestible.
Previous attempts at reviving the franchise at least tried to inject some of the gallows humor and pungent satire of the original. This new one isn't just humorless; it's witless.
Forget Texas Chainsaw 3D. For $11.75, I'll hold a chainsaw three inches from your face for an hour and a half. I'll even make you popcorn.
Texas Chainsaw 3D fails on both fronts - as a quality horror experience and a competent evolution of the Leatherface character.
If you like your Leatherface deeply, darkly, distressingly scary -- this is not the movie for you.
Pointless, atrocious on every level and gives horror films a bad name.
There's no deliberate Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2-style comedy to the film, just dim-witted gruesomeness retrofitted with gimmicky contemporary trappings.
In-your-face 3D and a half-hearted attempt at psychological complexity add little to this umpteenth Texas Chainsaw Massacre movie.
A better-than-average horror-thriller that relies more on potent suspense than graphic savagery or stereoscopic tricks.
In fact, there is an excellent chance that this may be the single stupidest movie ever made to feature the words "Texas," "Chain" and/or "Saw" in its title
Truth be told, the most frightening thing about the franchise at this point is that it just keeps on going.
I'm not exactly sure what Luessenhop and Company were thinking when they assembled this stinker, though genuine thought appears to have been the last thing on their mind.
This sequel to the 1974 original takes a few narrative twists but mostly is a run-of-the-mill slasher heavy on gore but light on brains.
As far as mindless gore goes, it's absolutely harmless and should hold you over until the next blood-soaked, subpar horror remake.
It's kind of surprising. And interesting. And even entertaining after a fashion, if your idea of entertainment involves warranty-voiding uses of the Black & Decker catalog.
A giant turd of a movie that was made because someone had the rights to a brand name and needed to exercise them in a timely manner. The 3D sucks too.
An enjoyable sequel that could never live up to the legacy of the original film, and to its credit doesn't try to, but does at least rinse out the sour taste of the Platinum Dunes installments.
Is this a great film? Not even close! How about an enjoyable entry in a decent horror series? I reckon it is!
Will no doubt divide audiences, even within die-hard fan circles, but it is almost always preferable to take chances than to repeat old tropes with no concern for putting a spin on things.
Loud and thoroughly predictable, and yet another modern horror flick more interested in the killer than the killed.
A few fun 3D-aided jump-scares aside, Texas Chainsaw 3D is a generic and laughable attempt to follow the original.
"Texas Chainsaw 3D" sees itself as over-the-top and knowing, but what we ultimately get is simply eyes without a face.
It is every 16 year-old's rite of passage to sneak into an R-rated slasher, get grossed out by blood, turned on by boobs and shout back at the screen. To that end, 'Texas Chainsaw 3D' is a worthy claimant to the franchise.


@highlight

As an ugly and cynical attempt to rebrand Leatherface as horror anti-hero, Texas Chainsaw 3D is a bold move for the franchise.