(Waltz With Bashir turns) the recollections and re-enactments of the war into visually stunning works of art (and) will leave you utterly devastated.
Waltz with Bashir brilliantly echoes its cultural investigations with its formal contradictions.
The movie's aesthetic and narrative confusion are as much products of a muddled, if just barely successful, approach as it is of Folman's search among the ruins of his memory.
As hypnotic as the animation is, it distracts from the film's clear problems.
The flatness of the Flash animation keeps visual bombast to a minimum, even during surreal interludes.
Every scene fizzes and crackles with creative charisma as we are carried on an emotional journey of epic proportions.
Despite the director's refusal to come to terms with Israel's role in the Sabra-Shatila massacre, this is a pacifist film that ranks with "Platoon" and other classics.
Persepolis meets Full Metal Jacket in Ari Folman's powerful and original animated war film.
These depictions of the dementia of war have a hallucinatory power that can stand alongside those of Apocalypse Now.
Waltz with Bashir uses vivid, hand-drawn animation to bring to life interviews Folman conducted with friends who were involved in the Lebanese war in the early 1980s.
[This] investigation into the dark regions of horror, culpability, and memory is all the more powerful because of his film's rueful hilarity.
The message of the futility of war has rarely been painted with such bold strokes.
Special, strange and peculiarly potent.
As Folman makes peace with his past, he also makes a strong argument against war. Waltz with Bashir is a haunted and haunting film, one that resonates long after the final fadeout.
Folman's use of animation permits an audience to engage with the events, such as they are recalled, in a way that the simple testimony of those involved could not achieve.
Visually striking, but there is a significant problem in that Folman and his fellow veterans are presented as victims rather than victimizers.
Waltz With Bashir does what many films have done before; that is convinces us that war is hell, but it does so in way that is frightening and engaging in an entirely new way.
Waltz is a challenging film in the best sense of the word. It asks questions about the nature of memory and life during a time of war without providing any pat answers.
An arresting concept, yet the resulting film is skimpy, numbing, and less searching than it believes it is
The look of Waltz with Bashir is what is most arresting. It's a deep, multi-plane style of animation that incorporates photo-real settings, realistic renderings of the people and under-animated movement, especially of faces.
it feels like a fever dream, but moves forward with the churning internal logic and dogged persistence of a mystery-thriller
Folman's personal journey to recover/understand his own memories in the context of a great national nightmare is a unique, arresting documentary that will stick with you for a good long while. I was so glad I was able to see it.
Par le biais d'une approche filmique unique et novatrice, Ari Folman dresse un portrait sensible, effrayant et révoltant de la guerre.
O último segundo de filme justifica, por si só, a necessidade inconsciente do cineasta em reprimir suas próprias lembranças.
An extraordinary work of art that commands you to watch it more than once, and reveals itself anew each time you see it. Waltz With Bashir is a rare masterpiece that must be treasured.
A thoughtful and original piece, revisiting the traumatic effects of the war in Lebanon in 1982.
...a jarring and devastating animated documentary that explores the psychological trauma inflicted by warfare as well as any live-action war epic I've seen.
The Oscar-nominated "Waltz With Bashir," by Israeli filmmaker Ari Folman, is a dream-like movie, told in unique animation, about the horrors of war.
This darkly serious film is a glaring example of the wide gap in cinematic taste between American and European audiences.
Although the film focuses on a particular conflict, it paints war in general as an absurd and primitive exercise that seems as inexplicable to its perpetrators as to its victims.
Ari Folman, who wrote and directed Waltz with Bashir, creates an intriguing film. He uses unique animation which features muted, ochre imagery. It's like a nightmare from which you awake. But you stay unsettled for a long time.
"Bashir" is an animated film that mixes truth, memory and fantasy in a phantasmagoric concoction that is hard for the viewer to shake.
An experience that will haunt all who see it.
It's encouraging to see a nation so aware of its public image and defensive about its military decisions examine a dark day in its history.
... a shattering personal story about how we absorb and submerge atrocity.
Powerful...one of the ten best films of 2008
The movie packs a powerful, emotional punch, and it resonates strongly, especially considering the continuing unrest in the Middle East.
The result is a work of brute force but with fragile and dreamlike elements, whose complexities are a reminder of the consequences of 'simply following orders,' and the meaning of 'never forget.'
A dreamy, animated psycho-documentary.
However you feel about the movie, it's impossible to deny that it's really like nothing else. That may be both its strength and its weakness.
Art and artifice are sometimes a necessary buffer between reality and our minds
A wholly original and emotionally devastating animated documentary confessional.
Animation may be the ideal medium for replicating dreams, and in this unsettling feature by Ari Folman it also proves well suited to autobiography.
The movie is a plea for all the peoples of the world to stop dancing with death.
More illustrated than animated, more Maus than Mouse...
By turns irritating, confounding, and endlessly fascinating.
It is powerful because this work of art also provides such a cautionary tale about the psychic burdens young soldiers carry deep inside them decades after they've laid down their weapons.
As Waltz with Bashir makes visible its distrust of imperfect history and daunting memory, it insists on their necessity.
An inconvenient memory
A brave, personal and truly original piece of filmmaking.
It's pretty much 90 minutes of pain. But also there's no budging from your seat.
A visually stunning, haunting, emotionally enthralling and mesmerizing documentary from start to finish.
Waltz with Bashir (is) the best of all possible documentaries - wildly entertaining, keenly informative, and wholly unforgettable.
If you expect documentaries to be dry doctoral dissertations with talking heads and archival film footage, prepare to be electrified.
A film that dazzles and terrifies, sometimes at the very same moment.
Documentary and animation might not seem to fit together, but in Waltz With Bashir's blur of memory, nightmare and fact, they mesh perfectly.
... you could call it an animated documentary by way of oral history, but it's best not to get caught up with labels concerning this film.
As much as the film is about war, it's also about the mutability and self-distortion of memory, and that makes animation the ideal medium to paint battle as the surreal experience it is.
A unique, Oscar-nominated 'animated documentary' that uses graphic-novel-style animation to deal with the Israeli army's participation in the Lebanon war of 1982.
...[Folman is] probing at wounds that are still raw, though scabbed over by suppression, forgetfulness and avoidance.
A remarkable film, and a genre unto itself.
The flatness and stiff, jerky movement of the drawing contribute to the dreamlike, increasing dread-filled atmosphere of the visuals, which burst finally into actual filmed images of devastating impact.
It's a fearless and unblinking march into the heart of one man's darkness and the pain and anguish of generations and nations.
The film looks ripped straight from Folman's psyche and placed in a theater near you.
Waltz With Bashir isn't only a harrowing anti-war plea, it is also an eloquent and deeply moving argument that it is critical to never forget human atrocity, lest the past be repeated.
A powerful, poignant and provocative film, told in an unconventional and effective fashion.
Waltz With Bashir, a movie about memory, is as devious and subversive as it is brilliant and nightmarish.
An extraordinary achievement, Ari Folman's Waltz With Bashir is a detective story as well as an moral inquiry into the specific horrors of one war, and one man's buried memories of that war.
A transcendent shattering of what viewers should expect from traditional animation or the standard documentary film. Ari Folman's dream-like journey into his own memory is a must-see.
Bashir wasn't healing for me. On the contrary, it leaves much unresolved, but in the pacifist, passive horror recovered by its amnesiacs, I found it stunning -- in both meanings of the word -- and emotionally cathartic.
Folman is an Israeli documentarian who has not worked in animation. Now he uses it as the best way to reconstruct memories, fantasies, hallucinations, possibilities, past and present. This film would be nearly impossible to make any other way.
Complex, challenging and at times difficult to watch, Waltz With Bashir is nevertheless wholly unique, unquestionably powerful and, ultimately, a devastating indictment of war and its effects on its victims and its participants.
The aloof quality of the film gnaws away at you... it's a fluid, slippery thing that seems to be discovering itself as you watch it.
The film, devastating and distressing in equal measure, widens in meaning as it narrows in scope.
The most artful film of the year, Waltz with Bashir works equally well as a potent anti-war film and as a creative examination of the psyche and the nature of memory.
Waltz With Bashir is a supremely courageous act, not only as a piece of filmmaking, but much more so as a moral testament.
The best movie of 2008? The most revealing war film ever made? The greatest animated feature to come out of Israel? All these descriptions could apply to Waltz With Bashir.
Waltz With Bashir will stretch your ideas about the possibilities of films to confront history truthfully, and in particular, animation as a way to tell a serious story.
Folman functions much like the therapist who carefully leads a patient through a minefield of difficult memories and emotions, bringing together pieces bit by bit until we're ready to confront and accept the truth.
Folman uses striking, fluid, tactile imagery to illustrate the elastic nature of memory, ranging from snow and water to the feel of a tank navigating a city's narrow streets to more surreal, dreamlike images.
Extraordinary and painfully timely.
The vivid, living graphic novel imagery powerfully illustrates the story.
Deceptively simple and poetic, yet surreal and complex, it's a portrait of a man in conflict with himself.
The director and damaged vet doesn't flinch from the images of refugee youth with crucifixes carved into their chests by their captors, the screams and slaughter, and the gnawing self-accusation - am I now the Nazi? Dances With Uzis.
For all the horror, Bashir is a non-political film; it mourns the violence of men killing men -- any men killing any men
Waltz With Bashir might be the year's most singular visionary experience available at the movies, and catapults [director Ari] Folman from the obscurity of Israeli TV onto the world stage.
Waltz With Bashir plays out as one of the most profoundly explosive animated documentaries I have ever seen, and is clearly one of the best pictures of the year.
Profound, and profoundly affecting.
Waltz With Bashir is a strange and wonderful hybrid.
The animated documentary Waltz With Bashir is a memoir, a history lesson, a combat picture, a piece of investigative journalism and an altogether amazing film.
A movie so unusual that it overflows any box in which you try to contain it.
Unfortunately, in Waltz With Bashir, the medium is superior to the message.
More impressionistic portrait and meditation on memory than serious journalistic inquiry into the South Lebanon massacre at the center of his mental block.
Ari Folman's Waltz With Bashir is an absolute stunner, a feature-length animated documentary, from Israel, in which the force of moving drawings amplifies eerily powerful accounts of war, shaky remembrance and rock-solid repression.
...a poetic version of primal scream therapy crossed with penance...
Folman's feature is one of the year's most original films, an artistically innovative, politically committed, personally expressive essay on the hellish war in Lebanon.
Israeli writer-director Ari Folman's powerful, innovative film is composed largely of nightmares, all but the final one rendered in graphic-novel style.
Animation turns out to be the perfect medium to show this ... It's an outstanding marriage of form and content.
a frothing pop nightmare
Unlike anything you've ever seen before, Waltz With Bashir will change your ideas about the possibility of film.
A hypnotic dance with death that delivers an emotional wallop and a potent anti-war message.
A grim, deeply personal phantasmagoria around the 1982 invasion of Lebanon.
You may not gain insight on how long it takes to deal with the past but can't deny the film's ability to visualize the madness of war.
Powerfully proves that animation can be an original vehicle for adult catharsis when reality merges with lingering nightmares. Vivid search for answers about genocide.
Its fluid boundary between the real and surreal lifts it into the realm of myth.
Waltz With Bashir is hallucinatory brilliance in the service of understanding the psychic damage of war.
A chilling Israeli animated documentary revolving around the 1982 massacre of 3000 unarmed Palestinian refugees in Lebanon.
It is, in a word, unforgettable.
This provocative, poetic, searing exploration by the Israeli director Ari Folman into his forgotten past as a member of the Israeli mission in the first Lebanon War is only stronger for being drawn. As a friend tells him, "Memory is dynamic; it's alive,"
It's messy and unusual, not always gratifying, sometimes frustrating, always compelling.
In this animated 'leisure trip' back through an atrocity, the nightmarish hell of war assumes a new kind of reality. Devastatingly good.
The power of the film is the cartoon "shield" between the witness and the audience. It has the unsettling effect of intensifying the trauma.
An extraordinary film - a military sortie into the past in which both we and Folman are embedded like traumatised reporters.
It's a blistering, powerful work.
As calm and thoughtful a history lesson as ever needed to be taught, Waltz With Bashir is a moving picture in every sense.
The cert and name suck, but don't let that put you off. Bashir is history without being hard graft. Immensely moving, the world may stubbornly refuse to move on, but cinema like this can nudge it in the right direction.
It's undeniably distinctive, and anyone interested in the unconventional end of animation should take a look.
It's an inspired decision which has created a truly memorable movie.
An investigative war documentary done as an animated feature is a pioneering concept, powerfully realised.
A powerfully ambiguous meditation on personal and collective avoidance.
By portraying conflict via cartoon, Ari Folman's remarkable animated documentary reloads the genre's impact.
Painting each frame of Waltz With Bashir took almost four years and many doubted it could be done. But there is no question that the result is one of the most resonant films of its year from any source, and quite probably a landmark in animation.
A beautifully animated, superbly directed documentary that is both deeply moving and utterly mesmerising.
Quite possibly the first-ever feature animated documentary, this strong story of war and memory from Israel is essential viewing for anyone interested in film. Or in the Middle East.
Unlike Body Of Lies and a thousand other fighting movies that glorify killing, this is revealing of war by merging truth and hallucination.
Definite must-see if you think you can handle it.
Waltz with Bashir represents another honorable stride toward this gestating breakthrough in adult animation, though I'm as disappointed as I am pleased to call it 'honorable.'
You're constantly aware of the fluidity of memory, without being seriously distracted by it.
Brims with vivid imagination: an animated documentary that serves to exorcise the director's demons.
The animation serves as a distancing device akin to the way that Folman's mind used concealment to shield him from horrific traumas, a canny marriage of thematic and aesthetic concerns that nonetheless can't cover up the unsubtle redundancy of his story.
Ari Folman's brilliant, powerful film raises some universal questions, and some questions specific now to Israel. This is one of the outstanding films of this year.
The state-of-the-art animation is spellbinding and worthy of big screen viewing. But it's a harrowing, heavy-going work that will leave you as shell-shocked as its soldiers.
Waltz with Bashir is a brilliant piece of work and I never want to see it again.
It is an autobiographical quest, an immersion in memory and history that leaves a remarkable, lingering impression.
The most interesting aspects of this auto-biographical work in filmmaking terms is the storytelling style that Ari Folman has chosen, which enables him to show things like his dog nightmares as well as atrocities and violence in a way live action can not
Pensive and melancholy, this haunting and remarkable film from Ari Folman hones in on memory and how stimulating triggers unlock a traumatic war-experience previously blocked by the subconscious. Mesmerising cinema
Pensive and melancholy, this haunting and remarkable film from Ari Folman hones in on memory and how stimulating triggers unlock a traumatic war-experience previously blocked by the subconscious%u2026 Mesmerising cinema
There's something about this type of animation that adds another dimension entirely to the exploration of images and memory, it's very haunting.
The camera's ability to privilege the perspective of its wielder has rarely been abused as blatantly as it is in this film. This is a singularly self-serving work.
Visually inventive and viscerally sincere, "Waltz With Bashir" is a cathartic and unforgettable film.
Astonishing, unforgettable: you have to see it.
Definite points for originality.
An eerie evocation of the nightmare of war.
Waltz with Bashir is a deeply harrowing yet moving meditation on memory.
A film that magnificently blends reality and fiction to become the first ever animated feature documentary.
Eerily beautiful.


@highlight

A wholly innovative, original, and vital history lesson, with pioneering animation, Waltz With Bashir delivers its message about the Middle East in a mesmerizing fashion.