Plagues & Pleasures is more than a cautionary tale about the dangers of messing with nature. It's about the rise and fall of a place, a classic story: think Camelot, or Rome, or maybe even planet Earth.
Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea is funny and compassionate, but it shows us a future that could befall any American community that suddenly becomes economically unsound, or politically inconvenient.
Narrated by John Waters, Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea is an odd bird -- wacky and poignant, funny and sobering, but this portrait of a forgotten paradise is a must-see.
While the doc flounders as a coherent story of human folly, it's a cheeky travelmercial guaranteed to get the curious to make the road trip to this near-abandoned resort.
a one-off kinda film that is worth seeing for its sheer jaw-drop factor
It makes for a strange, but somewhat endearing, melange of the grim and comic.
[A] thoroughly engrossing documentary.
The movie is engaging for the way it documents the rise and fall of a semi-natural landmark, and especially for the way it shows how people still come to California to remake themselves.
Funny, tragic, and informative Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea is an unforgettable portrait of a desert town turned into a sewer.
Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea is an engaging, entertaining snapshot of a long, tragicomic moment in American history.
Plagues and Pleasures is the best kind of short vacation; you get to lounge with some interesting people, plus you get to learn a little something about the local environment and what can be done to keep it going.
Because of Metzler and Springer's appetite for raw experience, what could have been a depressing horror movie is wildly funny and enraging. It's the rare documentary with something for everyone.
The documentary is informative and entertaining and gives you both sides of the great debate. You may not want to take a vacation to the Salton Sea, but you'll enjoy the visit there.
Chris Metzler and Jeff Springer's 'sea-umentary' is a compelling tale of human foible, greed and inertia.
Plagues and Pleasures is simultaneously fun and creepy, best appreciated by those who enjoy similar profiles of Detroit's crumbling grandeur.
Plagues and Pleasures of the Salton Sea can best be described as An Inconvenient Truth with a stronger sense of humor, a keen sense of the cost of neglect and with a cast of characters who'd make the residents of Twin Peaks seem mundane.
If Divine were still alive today, he-she might well be wintering on the edge of The Salton Sea.
The ridiculous and the sublime collide, with tragicomic results, in Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea, Chris Metzler and Jeff Springer's lively, fascinating chronicle of "Paradise Lost" in the Southern California desert.
Ecological disaster meets greed and a desperate bid for human salvation, in this metaphorical meditation on the forecast apocalyptic doom of America.
Kudos to the directors for painting such a lavish, involving portrait of a fascinating town.
we've seen movies about eccentrics before, but few of them have much to do with anything actually important.
Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea is a sort of ecological morality tale. This film is fascinating like a slow motion road accident.
A sad but interesting sociological study of a not completely abandoned desert outpost that seems to be saying, "where there's water there will be humanity."
Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea is funny, enlightening, informative, and most importantly of all - admiring.
A stunning documentary that combines elements of An Inconvenient Truth and Vernon, Florida.
It's an absorbing, frightening witness to nature's final hours, filled with strangely enlightening accounts of life on a lifeless terrain.
Humorously narrated by cult filmmaker John Waters, Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea evokes both laughter and tears.
The locals may be eccentrics, but the movie makes it clear that they are not as far away as they seem.
Narrated with morbid relish by John Waters, this witty doc chronicles the rise and ruination of the Salton Sea, a tiny inland ocean once promoted as 'California's Riviera' but now a festering, apocalyptically hideous ecological disaster zone.
As documentary subjects go, the Salton Sea was ripe for the plucking: This man-made phenomenon is one of the weirdest stories of the West.
A smart and engrossing film that illustrates in sharp and convincing detail how ecological accidents can mushroom into full-blown disasters as long as people are willing to turn a blind eye to their ongoing impact.
Chris Metzler and Jeff Springer found a strange place -- in California, of all places -- and made a video postcard about its colorful denizens and ecological calamity.
[An] occasionally lighthearted but always affecting cautionary tale.
This is a startlingly funny portrait of Gothic Americana.
If it's not likely to send you scurrying off to the place on your next vacation, it's still a fascinating, nutty story, a kind of Chinatown gone wrong (or gone more wrong ).
Takes a light-and-lively approach to the local population, consisting of transplanted oddballs and stubborn survivors drawn to the Sea's calm, sunny environs and isolated, crime-free lifestyle.
Both a history lesson on the birth and death of an American city and a portrait of people who refuse to give up on a dream. It is also a grass-roots ecological tract made up of equal parts science, folklore and kitschy nostalgia.
[Provides] a funny, poignant tribute to a most unusual place and the people who somehow call it home.
Even if the Salton Sea itself stinks, Chris Metzler and Jeff Springer's documentary about the improbable body of water where, the witty Waters deadpans, 'utopia and the apocalypse unite to dance a dirty tango' certainly does not.
An often-fascinating document of change -- incremental as evaporation, or catastrophic as flooding.
Amusing, interesting and odd, then begins to drag.
Historically thorough and thoroughly hysterical.
Jaunty and fun for a while, with a cast of colorful locals who make the residents of Vernon, Florida seem normal, pic ultimately overstays its welcome and overstates its case.
Although the lake may be slowly dying, it is still beloved by a motley bunch of eccentrics who are profiled in the highly entertaining documentary Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea.
It's a human freak show of sorts, but Metzler and Springer never expose these folks in a way that derides their way of life, but rather let's us admire their unbroken, adventurous spirit.
California dreaming meets good old American eccentricity and ecological emergency in the story of the Salton Sea.
If Metzler and Springer were on path to becoming environmentalists and their documentary was their thesis, they'd get an A.
[A] charming, yet sad documentary.


@highlight

Plagues And Pleasures is a thoroughly engrossing account, both humorous and disheartening, of a once bustling community ravaged by ecological change and human greed.