The Golden Circle was still enjoyable if you're just looking for some good action and a story that moves from point A to point B.
There's nothing toned down about it...it might even be amped up just a little bit more. But they do put a little bit of heart and story into it, and that's all because of Taron Egerton. He is great in this movie.
If you enjoyed the first Kingsman, chances are you'll like this one just fine, though it isn't going to win many new converts
At times I felt like I was watching a live action Gentleman's Playbook for 16 year old boys whose biggest dreams are owning a designer suit.
This is a fun, ferocious follow-up to one of the most enjoyable films of recent years, and we can only hope that Eggsy et al are back for a third outing at some point down the line.
It's not as clean or pure as the first movie, but it's still a lot of fun.
It's a mess. And it's awesome.
Less political, but just as unintelligent as the film that went before.
This is still better than most of the action flicks the major studios have released this year and fun enough for those who are fans of the first film and the spy genre, but unfortunately it's not quite golden.
The director and co-writer knows that this is a film based on comics and takes the possibilities to unsuspected limits... [Full review in Spanish]
... while this movie is completely unnecessary, it's also totally enjoyable.
I didn't feel any love tonight, but I sure felt a lot of pain being dished out by one Sir Elton John
Kingsman: The Golden Circle is unfocused, unrestrained and lacking a control that prevents it (finale aside) from reaching the heights of its predecessor - but it is just about fun enough.
The Kingsman sequel gets kinda crazy but is so much fun to watch.
Spy cinema is even more indebted to Vaughn after 'The Golden Circle'. [Full review in Spanish]
If you found the first to be offensive, then maybe this [sequel] is for you. But for all others, with most of the wild irreverence gone, this one is more pyrite than gold.
We've gone through the looking glass from exaggerated reality to full-blown cartoon nonsense, and I just wasn't ready to follow them down that road.
A decided step down from the previous film, problematic elements infuse this diminished narrative. There are still some great visuals, but the story is lackluster and the action muted.
Right in line with its passable yet far-from-flawless predecessor...
What a royal disappointment this sequel is.
Achieves the impossible task of being over the top and underwhelming at the same time.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle doesn't quite have the charm and freshness as its 2014 predecessor but it's still entertaining.
"Kingsman: The Golden Circle" has a lot of the same ingredients that made the first outing so satisfying, but there's something missing at every turn.
The cast, and director Matthew Vaughn, seem to have had a lot of fun making this movie and that essence translates well on screen too.
... [Director Matthew] Vaughn's imagination and humor shines in several aspects... [Full review and Spanish]
However, despite being a couple of steps below the original film, The Golden Circle has a few passages that invite enjoyment and laughter. [Full review in Spanish]
At times it's fun, at times it bores. [Full review in Spanish]
The film will find its audience with the arduous fans of the original, if there is such a public, and even then they will have to settle for a considerably more vulgar and nonsensical version. [Full Review in Spanish]
Forced jokes, ridiculous characters and a bad plot may get a laugh and maybe that's enough for many. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's another goofily imaginative movie for teenagers made by middle-aged comic book fans. What's lacking this time is the sparky relationship between Firth's avuncular gent and Egerton's scrappy yoof.
In the end, Kingsman: The Golden Circle is more of the same, with a constant fight between its flaws and its best ingredients, which ends up reducing the fun by half in its unnecessary duration of two hours and twenty minutes. [Full review in Spanish]
The experience of approaching this film is comparable to visiting a fair, with its colors, thunderous noise, a soundtrack full of great classics and strong emotions capturing our attention. [Full review in Spanish]
Bloated with subplots and go-nowhere add-ons, some of which are obvious fan pandering, some of which can't even rise to that level.
The only redemption is seeing Elton John as Poppy's piano-bashing, singing, F-word-dropping hostage, but even he becomes tiresome before too long. If there's a Kingsman 3, I'll defect to Statesmen. At least they have whisky.
... a disposable film. [Full review in Spanish]
It's sole purpose is to... entertain for a considerable amount of time (which lasts a little more than two hours). [Full review in Spanish]
... not as original as its predecessor. [Full review in Spanish]
In Kingsman: The Golden Circle, Matthew Vaughn and his co-writer Jane Goldman nevertheless manage to transcend many of the weaknesses of that first film. [Full review in Spanish]
With one stroke, Kingsman has gone from looking for The Philosopher's Stone to winning The Goblet of Fire. [Full review in Spanish]
Kingsman 2: The Golden Circle is a clear example of the Hollywood definition of what a sequel should be... [Full review in Spanish]
Bright and shiny, the end result may be, but it's a by-the-numbers outing with less energy and momentum than its set piece-filled 141-minute running time needs.
The results tend to be sprawling, incoherent and, putting it bluntly, something of a mess.
The whole is less boorish than the original and a few action beats are liable to get the heart racing. But for a series to run out of narrative gas this quickly is revealing.
... a sequel that nonetheless knows how to recycle the humor of the original work... [Full review in Spanish]
For guilty pleasure purposes, the film provides a fun couple of hours, but ultimately fails to match its superior freshman outing.
It gets lost in its own myth and suffocates becoming forgettable. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining movie, with good performances, visually appealing, a well woven and executed plot. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is fast and silly, piling witty dialogue into nutty action set-pieces to keep the audience smiling. Most audience members won't care that Vaughn has diminished the brand
Part of the film's shtick is that there's just so much of it ... You can feel comfortable going to the bathroom when you need to, because, in the extremely grand scale of things, you can't have really missed anything, because there's so much more to come.
Overly long and lacking much of the spark of its predecessor, this sequel still entertains with its wildly outlandish brand of action.
Suffering from the need to be bigger and louder than its predecessor but failing on both fronts... director Matthew Vaughn fails at reining in his worst tendencies and lets the cast flounder in trying to pick up the pieces.
If the original Kingsman movie asked you to suspend your disbelief, Kingsman: The Golden Circle wants its viewers to take it and shoot it all the way to hell.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle stumbles in a drunken stupor into a puddle of filth, flailing its arms in futile attempt at satire, and grabbing at the cheap straw of sexism in a bid to be more than a crass, juvenile parade of mean-spirited obscenity.
It was only at its best when it had some sly fun with, rather than trying to ape, 007 tropes. Now, in parachute-troops Kingsman: The Golden Circle, Eggsy (Taron Egerton) and company aren't so self-satisfied this go-around.
This sequel to 2014's Kingsman: The Secret Service is even more enjoyable than the original-though like that fun-filled spy-fest, it could profit from trimming 15 or 20 minutes.
There's not much more disappointing than a fun, original film being followed by a "typical sequel," stuffed full of all of the disappointments that the term has come to imply. This defines Kingsman: The Golden Circle.
The action scenes help move things along, but after those dramatic opening scenes, Golden Circle slows down for quite a while before things pick up again.
It is the endearing cast of Kingsman: The Golden Circle who elevate what might otherwise be merely a three-star, mediocre, cashing-in sequel to a ludicrously popular breakout hit.
... The Golden Circle maintains all the personality of the first Kingsman movie; high-energy fight scenes are intercut with brief moments of sincerity and humorous one-liners.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle will soon be forgotten. But, if you are after some light and at times a quite humorous spy parody, and you've got almost two and a half hours to spare, then give it a go.
Featuring even more ludicrous technology innovations and ultraviolence than the first, the movie somehow manages to push the envelope even further with its gimmicks and gags.
The film is worth watching for [Julianne] Moore alone, with the Oscar-winning actress devouring the role of the charmingly psychopathic villain to the bone, creating one of the best villains on screen this year in the process.
Vaughn's spin on American iconography lacks the verve of his homeland take, with the Statesman resembling beefy models from a 1965 Esquire photo shoot about the new cowboy cool (that is, they are not cool).
My advice to Vaughn: stop now. While there's still time.
It's a far-fetched, fun, loud, cameo-rich spectacle.
Save us from male artists who think they are dangerously, uniquely innovative. This stew of toxic masculinity and CGI-cartoon violence is nothing but tediously mundane.
What a mess it is.
Like the first one, only more so, and I mean that in just about every sense
Much, much more of the same - two hours and 20 bombastic minutes of it, longer than almost every Bond except the most recent batch and just as devoid of laughs, though not for want of trying.
High-powered and blinged to the hilt, with a lickety-split pace youngsters might expect of action movies these days - and an amount of visual invention they may not.
The first was a surprisingly good spoof of James Bond movies. This sequel, however, has no satire, no clever, funny lines; in fact it's almost 2 1/2 hours of nothingness but lots of silly fights and exploding people.
The length of Kingsman: The Golden Circle makes it impossible to sustain momentum, and though parts of it are enjoyable enough, it wears out its welcome before the third act even begins.
Cruel, spineless, virtually laughter-free and, above all, dull. Even putting the plot to paper makes my head ache.
A knowing sneer of a movie that shrugs off its plot holes along with a particularly unsavoury attitude to violence and a tendency to use female characters as the decorative punchline to jokes.
A solid-enough return that doesn't totally disappoint and leaves enough goodwill (and room for improvement) for a third outing.
If Kingsman: The Secret Service turned out to be the biggest cinematic surprise of 2015, then Kingsman: The Golden Circle might turn out to be the biggest celluloid disappointment of 2017. It's certainly the most depressing.
The movie is too long, too violent, too silly-too everything. Yet for those who enjoyed the original Kingsman, it is a more than adequate second act. To put it another way: First time satire, second time farce.
A cautious work of corporate bet-hedging and product integration.
This is a star-studded cast, but they're only here in name only.
Amusing in spots.
Sassy and satirical, as Matthew Vaughn continues the flippant, fun-filled fantasy franchise.
If you enjoyed the first offering, you'll likely have the same reaction here. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
The movie is over the top, frenetic, and at times funny as hell. If you asked me, and the studio did, I would have said it's one of my favorite films of 2017. The problem occurs when you overthink it and try and nitpick it to death.
The violence earns the film its R rating-deservedly so-despite its largely cartoonish nature including killer robot dogs and a meat grinder used as a murder weapon.
Having scored an unexpected success with the sheer audacity of the first film, director Matthew Vaughn delivers more of the same, with diminished (if still interesting) results.
The very definition of the "too-much-is-not-enough" approach, this is the rare example where this method is actually a perfect complement to the material.
For the most part, The Golden Circle only tarnishes what had been a very promising franchise.
Even if it can't match its predecessor, The Golden Circle still offers enough lunatic fun to prove reasonably satisfying.
When a movie goes over the top this aggressively, there's nowhere to go but down.
This sequel to Kingsman: The Secret Service has just as much slick, inventive, crazy action and is just as much fun. But while it's equally violent, it also shows far more empathy toward human loss.
[Matthew] Vaughn hasn't only run out of things to say but people to hate, and without that underlying aggression, the movie feels like it's just going through the motions. Better luck next time, bruv.
If I hadn't been so bored watching this cut price James Bond rip off I would have hated it more.
While the action rarely flags, the running time is needlessly grandiose and the commercial calculation that underpins everything puts limits on [Matthew] Vaughn's bent for transgression.
If the first played like a simultaneous homage to and parody of Sean Connery's Bond, the second feels like a straight riff on the Roger Moore era: bloated, self-conscious, and smug, with only the occasional flash of nasty wit to put the edge on.
Kingsman was so fun and fresh when it burst into pop culture in 2015. It's a bummer this follow-up is already a tired, uninspired bust.
Depth is probably not what most people are going to the film for anyway, but it's certainly not a direction that will prove sustainable for the franchise.
It is a hideous piece of work, basically; the kind of cheap and tactless blockbuster that you tend to forget about, even while watching it.
Disappointingly, none of its action or set-pieces leave you breathlessly excited.
Based on the comic book by Mark Millar and Dave Gibbons, there is an appropriately cartoony vibe to this follow-up flick.
Kingsman would do wonders focusing on telling a coherent story and making Egerton a sex symbol instead of cooking up new female body parts to violate.
This sequel ratchets up the technical bravado and the stunt casting within its globetrotting tale of espionage, while forgetting to incorporate a compelling story worthy of advancing the fledgling franchise.
Matthew Vaughn has made six better films, including the first Kingsman, but this sequel's fun.
I appreciate that the film immediately announces its intent to top the original in terms of ridiculousness and unreal action. Audiences can't complain that what follows is not what they were prepared for.
Should Matthew Vaughn direct the next James Bond movie? He already has with the proper R rating.
The entire movie is at cross-purposes with itself. It is all at once juvenile and simplistic, but also overly violent and crude.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle never had a shot at living up to the original, though that's not for lack of trying.
If the first Kingsman was a work of lol-nothing-matters provocation with a real mean streak, the second is a work of lol-nothing-matters laziness...
The film is bombastic and ridiculously breakneck, daring you to look away.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle just can't recapture that wow factor that made 2014's Kingsman: The Secret Service worthy of a sequel.
The direction of spy-movie making that James Bond shoulda taken. This one is a blast. And I can't rave enough about Julianne Moore who is one of the best spy villains ever.
Why does this feel like the seventh sequel, and not the first, bruv?
Vaughn's follow-up is a tone-deaf, oftentimes frustrating, frequently insulting and moderately offensive exercise in gruesome misogynistic excess...
If you thought that the anal sex joke at the end of 'Kingsman: The Secret Service' was the funniest bit, you're in luck.
Hail to the Kingsman, baby.
Vaughn understands that taking this universe and the comic book genre too seriously risks exposing the ridiculous flaws in the entire artifice. A tongue-in-cheek goes a long way here.
It's James Bond on laughing gas and too much of everything. Those who hated the first film will be double irritated. Screw 'em. True Kingsman fans will appreciate that the sequel lays on the violence, sex and politics three times thicker.
A little too much of a good thing again...
110 minutes or so in the middle of this 141-minute hero sandwich ... are a guily, guilty, guilty-your-honor pleasure.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle is at its best when it embraces the nutso vision of its predecessor. Such moments are, unfortunately, a bit overwhelmed by the soggy pacing
No one will ever call this series high art, but it does aim to please and built-in fans will find a lot to like in Kingsman: The Golden Circle.
I was finally won over by this movie's endless parade of zany ideas and ridiculous gadgets.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle feels like being trapped in a dorm room, while a bunch of frat bros watch the first Kingsman and tell you it's the greatest movie ever made.
There's still much to enjoy ...
In almost every way, Vaughn's new Kingsman is an unwieldly inflation of the original, although not so much by single-minded design as if by studio committee.
A visually-captivating, higher-octane sequel that ups the ante in terms of everything from star power to fight scenes to eye-popping special f/x!
For the most part, the movie is too busy with its ungainly, underwhelming plotting to be even stupidly fun.
Overstuffed, over-busy and overlong, "Kingsman: The Golden Circle" is an exhausting, patience-trying assault that doesn't know when to say when.
Fans of the first film will be duly served with lashings of well-staged action and while the novelty might have worn off, the gag and gadget quotient remain surprisingly high and we get a truly wonderful villainess courtesy of Julianne Moore.
The movie also suffers the disappointment that comes with any sequel: the novelty is gone. For Matthew Vaughn, too much is never enough. Excess, hand-in-hand with bad taste, marks most of his films, even when they're entertaining.
There's goons with mechanical arms, electric lassos, a two-stepping Tatum, robot dogs and an Elton John fight sequence. It's absurdly ridiculous and awesome as it sounds.
Nothing about this film could inspire serious discussion - not even its ah-I-see-what-you-did-there ending, telecast, of all places, on Fox News.
When a foul-mouthed Elton John flips off the head villain and uses martial arts moves to defeat some of her minions is the most satisfying and original pieces of this sequel, you know the movie has problems.
A stylish and slightly less transgressive sequel .
At least the Bond franchise took 40 years to deliver its Die Another Day.
Maybe next time director Matthew Vaughn could leave the kitchen sink at home.
The plot is convoluted, the running time is excessive and the cast is top heavy with underemployed Oscar winners but fans of the original may still enjoy the ride.
Fun cameos and jokes are all well and good, but the overall package will feel hollow if the story's raised stakes feel trope filled and both returning and new characters all feel, generally, underdeveloped.
Director Matthew Vaughn and writing partner Jane Goldman return with a sequel that tries desperately to rebottle the wow factor that made the first Kingsman so bubbly. They fail utterly.
I wasn't expecting a comedy when I went to see Kingsman: The Circle of Gold but a comedy is what I got. And that didn't turn out to be such a bad thing.
The best moments are actually when it pays homage to the first film. The worst are when it takes itself too seriously, the trap of the very spy films it was designed to mock.
Vaughn's new movie, Kingsman: The Golden Circle, is, in short, the end of the road. The dream is over. The film is appalling.
Fun, fleeting entertainment if you're after more of the same, but fails to carve out any fresh ground.
As it piles on more and more nods to the ridiculousness of Roger Moore era-Bond, it feels less an affectionate parody and more like a way of peddling something that's forgotten how to deliver a proper buzz.
The Golden Circle has the scent of missed potential.
This entry is an alternately goofy and vicious spy movie, and that's it.
for every good thing in The Golden Circle there's something that strains to be relevant
It almost works in a 'turn off your brain and watch' kind of way, but there's not enough to sustain its 141 minute running time.
If a white towel had been handy as I screened the punishingly long and dreadful Kingsman: The Golden Circle, I would have thrown it at the screen and made a wish: Please make it stop.
The sequel is longer, more bloated, and less entertaining, yet it constantly acts like it's doing us a favor.
The thing is an over-the-top parody of going over-the-top--frantic, very silly, adolescently giggly, and nastily violent, all at the same time. A shameful way to spend 141 minutes but not boring -- not by a long shot.
The luscious widescreen images don't make up for the cartoonish hollowness of this cluttered, overstuffed exercise in hyperkinetic spycraft.
Lasting for well over two hours, this is a gilded hamster wheel of a movie.
It's a measure of the film's overall success, however, that despite its hit-and-miss elements it still entertains tremendously for long periods.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle is the latest sequel and would-be blockbuster to clog up a weekend.
It's not that The Golden Circle isn't fun... It's just that it isn't doing anything new. And without that thrilling sense that Vaughn is breaking all the rules, it becomes a lot harder to overlook the production's fundamental amateurishness.
Sadly, much of what made the first film work has vanished this time around.
Over-the-top performances and graphic comic book violence enhance the spy jinks of this amusing sequel.
On a drizzling weekday morning in a near-empty cinema, it was a whole pile of fun. On a Friday night, with a crowd-whooping and laughing around you, it'll be even better.
The exhilarating but ultimately exhausting spectacle, a sequel to the stylish Kingsman: The Secret Service, heaps grotesque methods of murder upon increasingly mind-numbing violence, plus enough familiar faces to fill an X-Men movie.
Despite another charming performance from Egerton, Vaughn's kitchen sink approach leaves the movie feeling bloated and unable to carry its cartoonish tone.
Exaggerated, cartoonish violence, deliberately cheesy CGI, and a buoyant pop soundtrack make this a stylish if overstuffed romp.
The Golden Circle pushes the ridiculousness even further, and while it doesn't make for a bad movie at all, it makes for one that has less staying power and feeling.
The endearing comic energy of the first movie turns desperate in a bloated sequel.
The Golden Circle is two hours and 21 minutes long, and at least half of that feels like clutter.
It pulls off the impressive feat of feeling both hyperactive and lazy.
In this ultraviolent farce many innocent people suffer, especially in the audience.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle ultimately delivers enough highlights along the way to merit the return engagement.
"Golden Circle" is too scattered and way overstuffed.
Like its predecessor, everything about the stylized Kingsman: The Golden Circle teeters just a little over the top.
Bodaciously entertaining ...
"Kingsman" is essentially a live-action cartoon, one that aims for an audible reaction and little else. That may not be the world's loftiest goal, but whether it results in a gagging eww or a chuckle, it's a plan that usually succeeds.
Although there are individual moments that snap, crackle, and pop, the production as a whole is bloated and at times even a little tedious.
The Statesmen are duds, it's often disjointed and distracted by the wrong things and nothing approaches the church scene. But it hits you that Matthew Vaughn and Jane Goldman have more or less made a sequel about crafting second acts in art and life.
"Kingsman: The Golden Circle" is a movie in search of a reason to exist.
It's telling that this tiresome spectacle's most memorable performance comes from Elton John in a delightfully super-bitchy cameo.
Vaughn doesn't mess with the core elements of his new franchise, but his ability to tighten a few of the loose bolts and pass on bad ideas is encouraging, delivering a brighter, focused continuation.
I wish I found more of the sick-jokiness funny, as opposed to skeevy. I wish director Matthew Vaughn didn't shoot every slaughterfest with the same slo-mo tics and lurches.
For all its breathless action, mind-boggling gadgets and stylized fight sequences, nothing much happens in the comic-book spy caper "Kingsman: The Golden Circle."
Fans of the 2014 hit might be disappointed by this sluggish and slightly distasteful sequel.
With its inventively nutso action, youthful vibe, and subversive topicality, the "Kingsman" franchise feels more relevant than even Daniel Craig's James Bond. Screen espionage doesn't come any hipper these days.
It is a completely ridiculous, over-the-top movie that is more concerned with form over substance. But you know what else it is? So much fun.
A louder, brighter version that's just as empty and even more exhausting.
It may stumble but never entirely loses its footing.
Not as good as the first, doubling down on the offensiveness and the silliness. But there are some fun moments, and Taron Egerton and Colin Firth work.
...manages to be sporadically engaging but is too bloated and unwieldy to hit the mark like its predecessor.
The sequel to the surprise hit is bigger and more colorful but just as wacko as the first in many ways. Kingsman is still a clever twist on the spy movie formula and fans won't be disappointed.
Although not as good as the first one, The Golden Circle is still a solid sequel filled with incredible action and humor. [Full review in Spanish]
Kingsman: The Golden Circle finds director Matthew Vaughn and his co-writer Jane Goldman replicating and amplifying all of the things that worked about their 2015 spy spoof - and all of the things that didn't.
"Circle" is an emotionally sterile lark, its wounds inflicted with brolly and bullwhip, a smirk and a shrug.
Unfortunately, this sequel is a mixed bag at best.
There are more gadgets, sight gags and bizarre prop-related ways for henchmen to die than in the last movie.
Someone fire Halle Berry's agent, pronto, because the poor woman has one of the most demeaning roles of any female within the last decade.
An occasionally inventive action flick that is nonetheless torpedoed by an off-colour joke so brazen and shameless it defies belief.
Flaws aside, there is still fun to be had, but it will leave you wondering when the sequel mill will finally slow down.
The result is a banal marathon of a movie periodically popping with humor, shocks, fantastic sets and Elton John costumes.
Everything here is bigger, louder, brasher, more political, more expensive, more violent. ... The movie never flinches, though you might.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle what we should've expected from a Kingsman sequel-worse than the original, but still more fun than it has any right to be.
All in all, this is certainly not the lamentable, offensive, bag of crap some of the clever clog reviewing community is making it out to be, it's just too cluttered really but at least it has a go.
If Adam Sandler ever did a remake of Die Another Day, it would probably look something like Kingsman: The Golden Circle.
The movie needs an editor, or a bartender to remind the director when he's hit the two hour mark.
The film is a parody of a parody that's so soulless that it makes its predecessor seem like a classic in retrospect.
'Enough,' one thinks, but 'enough' does not exist in the philosophy of this movie.
With Harry afflicted by amnesia, it is as if the same brain fog has fallen upon Vaughn and his co-writer Jane Goldman. They have forgotten what made the first film great.
The shock of the unexpected that made that sequence so jaw-droppingly memorable is gone from "Kingsman: The Golden Circle" as sequelitis has Vaughn in its grip.
The Golden Circle bonks, smirks and biffs itself towards a state of low pastiche that James Bond had already reached halfway through his first outing.
Consistently entertaining, but it never quite hits the heights achieved by its predecessor. Except for Elton John, that is.
Made in the spirit of an animated movie, Kingsman: The Golden Circle is a robust (occasionally foul mouthed) and multi-faceted spy thriller which mixes humour with grit and gruesomeness.
Amid a slew of fancy action, spectacular locations and the same wry humour that made the 2014 film a smash hit, the sequel is more of the same - a wonderful mix of zany ideas and slick execution.
A truly cynical, painfully retrograde pastiche of meaningless pop nostalgia wrapped around a nonsensical plot, sprinkled with a dusting of repulsive sexism. Fun.
Spends too much time undoing the plot beats of the first film, while oddly kid-friendly in tone (if not content).
Every scene feels like it takes the characters seriously while the story swings for the fences. I was having a blast even before Eggsy broke out the baseball-shaped grenades.
The overall effect is kind of numbing, but from moment to moment it's the cinematic equivalent of a cotton candy sugar rush.
Kingsman is as brash and cocksure as ever, and it's hard not to get wrapped up in its swagger.
With less to say for itself and the tics and tropes of the spy genre already upended, this sequel at times runs around and around in circles, even if it often looks golden whilst doing it.
If director Matthew Vaughn's definition of a sequel means bigger and crazier action, then he hits the mark.
I thought if they took out the misogyny and self-congratulatory political incorrectness, Kingsman might have something. Now all that's left is mediocrity.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle is the big-ticket blockbuster we could have used a couple months ago, as it's easily one of the most enjoyable sequels / action pictures of the year.
There is enough inspiration and amusement to be had to easily—and happily—imagine this series continuing on for years to come.
... a squicky melange of sloppy plot mechanics and potentially problematic stuff...
Bloated, artistically impotent and utterly bereft of ideas.
Slightly less pro-death than Kingsman: The Secret Service...
The Golden Circle lacks the novelty of the first film and doesn't have quite as much in the way of charm, but there's enough here to ensure that fans won't be disappointed.
Note to the producers: Next time, just give us a Statesmen spinoff, cut it down to 100 minutes, and be done with it.
You know an action movie doesn't work when the visual highlight is Elton John sitting at a piano dressed like an overstuffed turkey.
In trying to hewn so closely to its recipe for success, the sequel is similarly amusing, but nowhere near as surprising or exhilarating. The thrill is gone.
An exhausting, exhilarating watch.
Overkill is the order of the day - and it takes a toll.
Returning is Matthew Vaughn, his penchant for cartoonish violence, reactionary messaging and female-orifice-invasive humor intact, but his action chops and visual style sacrificed ever further to the glossy void of tension-free CGI.
This crazily overlong and tiresome follow-up doesn't seem to have the first idea what to do with itself - not least when it comes to its much-vaunted all-star cast, the majority of whom are barely even in it.
Excruciating.
As minor entertainment, it'll do, but lacks the anarchic spirit of the first, feeling familiar and rather safe.
[Golden Circle] is good at hitting the best notes of The Secret Service, and it's just as stylish - and as grotesque - as its predecessor.
It's still a thrilling ride with action sequences unmatched in their high-velocity blasts, but the new additions struggle to conceal the familiarity beneath this secret service.
I'd certainly be happy with more Kingsman movies, because [Taron] Egerton is a winning leading man and [Matthew] Vaughn's action direction remains fantastic, but this movie feels like a victim of its unanticipated success.
It's been a while since Hollywood worked this hard to make us have a good time.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle doubles down on slick action and spy genre riffs, but adds enough fresh and fun elements to provide an exciting sequel.
Even approached with the watered-down expectations that one brings to a late-September Hollywood sequel, Matthew Vaughn's bespoke secret-agent follow-up is massively disappointing.
The garish violence is still there, as is the profanity. Gone, however, is much of the creativity, the unpredictable, see-what-sticks depravity.
It is all aggressively stylized, abusively fast-paced and ear-bleedingly loud, relying so heavily on CGI that nothing - not one thing - seems to correspond to the real world.
Just when you think it couldn't get any worse - it promises a sequel.
Considerable shrewdness is applied to the conception and execution of nearly every scene to make this old spy stuff feel fresh, which it mostly does.
Oxfords, not brogues meets Tequila and Whiskey in this rousing sequel. Director/writer Matthew Vaughn recaptures the humor and over the top action that made the original such a hit.
Like fireworks, they're awe-inspiring while you're watching, but there's little left to marvel at after the show's over.
With so much madness stuffed into its sizable 141-minute running time, Kingsman: The Golden Circle is a little manic itself.
As ultraviolent as the first film, and as ultrasmutty, The Golden Circle will leave the Kingsfans grinning, even if its characters have less growing to do this time around.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle is as cheeky, cartoonish, and crazy as its predecessor, but it's also commendably unafraid to demolish what had come before it if it's in service of the story.
Vaughn has crafted a film that's stylish and amusing and makes wonderful use of Elton John, and that's not something every director can manage.
It's fun, but it's blockbuster overkill after an already-crowded summer season.
This may be more fun than Kingsman: The Secret Service, but it's still short of greatness, or rather, long of it.
Vaughn sticks to what he knows with his Kingsman sequel but rarely ups the ante, making this a fun-enough entry into an already-too-familiar franchise.
The movie has more than enough star power without all the extra Statesman guys.
Previously beautifully suited and booted, the sequel has fancy enough material. but wears thin as the film goes on.

@highlight

Kingsman: The Golden Circle offers more of everything that made its predecessor so much fun, but lacks the original's wild creative spark.