Shooter is nothing special, but a combination of appealing performances, intriguing plot twists and exciting action sequences mean that we're never less than entertained.
There's enough unsettling paranoia that you don't exactly know how it's all going to turn out. It feels more like it could have come from the early '70s, when happy endings might not necessarily be right around the corner.
Gory vigilante political thriller for adults only.
It jumps from typical action one-liners to political discussions about Abu Ghraib. I mean, you can't have a character named Swagger and expect me to take you seriously.
It's a bit of fun but nothing you haven't seen before.
... the twists within twists become so laughable that you can't take anything seriously... the only thing missing here is a laugh track.
If you don't mind watching a rerun of a few other, better, spy thrillers, Shooter isn't half bad.
Despite its slew of genre cliches, Shooter works in fits and starts as a valentine to a simpler era in action films.
The only way to watch it without considering it unbearably ridiculous or morally revolting is to focus purely on the action, the fighting, the explosions, and the quick pace.
Wahlberg isn't as confident or credible as a tough guy with a mantle of regret.
An impressive shoot-'em-up, work-it-out action drama.
Halfway decent script, good acting, good chases and stuff gets blown up. What more do you want? Godzilla?
The cinematic equivalent of one of those chunky special-forces-porn airport novels.
Ultimately, it's just a vigilante picture with ideas above its station.
A exhilarating, big budget action thriller about corruption, betrayal and integrity.. Director Antoine Fuqua delivers thrills on a large scale and Wahlberg is a charismatic hero, overcoming all the odds to find justice far away from the Justice Department
There are plenty of things wrong with Shooter but the quantity and indeed the quality of the explosions isn't one of them.
The film's weird, thin politics become harder to swallow as it lurches from set-up to set-up.
It's no masterpiece, but it's way better than the usual big gun/small brain fare.
purports to question the way in which the military can take over the political process, but its answer is little more than the very violence it's supposedly critiquing.
Shooter is a real stinker.
Mark Wahlberg is an effective weapon of mass destruction as an ex-marine set up to take the fall for an ugly political cover-up.
It's the execution that matters, and for the most part ... the formula is executed well.
This notion that villains might be identified and "dealt with" is rather quaint.
Usually conspiracy thrillers don't work. And few fail on as many levels as Shooter.
The result is fun in tiny spots but with no thrills to go around.
... Falls victim to lazy filmmakers ...
Yet another movie selling violence and revenge as the answer to our political problems.
You do wish somewhere along the way that "nuance" were as effective as all those dead patriots.
The acting is solid throughout, which helps the film over the rather large plot holes.
Marky Marksman...
The character's laughable name be damned, Wahlberg's a smart enough actor not to swagger through the role.
Wahlberg's hard-charging heart and rugged determination capture the essence of strong-and-silent-types who fall hard for the lofty rhetoric of idealism.
It's not often that one complains of an action movie not being mindless enough, but that's precisely the problem with Shooter.
At its heart, this 'Shooter' just doesn't have the amunition to make us care.
This is the first big-studio action picture (the director is Antoine Fuqua) with some of the disgusted, bloody nihilism of the post-Vietnam era.
The engaging, fast-talking idiosyncrasy of [Wahlberg's] performance in The Departed has vanished.
It's one of those conspiracy thrillers that keeps on asking you to take a leap of faith, until you get tired of leaping and you just start laughing in all the wrong places.
It has one triple-super sudden-death revenge overtime too many. But inhale this meaty, juicy thriller like you would a Thickburger - before the dripping grease congeals on your fingers and you start thinking about what you're eating.
Shooter is the very epitome of the kind of instantly disposable film that has become all too common a sight in recent months.
It has just enough straight-faced bravado that you can sort of buy it, the same way you swallow the addictive preposterousness of '24' every week.
Creatively, this Shooter ends up firing blanks in its patchy profile of skepticism involving big brass governmental misconduct.
Esquemático do início ao fim, parece desconhecer o conceito de sutileza; um problema que, ao ser aplicado ao seu discurso político, acaba por enfraquecê-lo de vez.
While not boasting a very original plot, 'Shooter' provides a showcase for Mark Wahlberg's versatility as an actor.
The story is basically predictable, so you have to judge this film on how good the action is... and I wanted the hero to be victorious, I was entertained.
It is probably not the best thing for the future of moviemaking if Shooter proves to be a big hit, but in this tiresome age of irony, there is something refreshing about a movie that would rather be explosive than plausible.
Ballistic fetishists and anticorporate activists will find common ground in each violent act against political fat cats, but the rest of us are left to wallow in the bloodlust and wonder who switched the reels.
Without the silly politics, this is a slam-bang, nonstop man-on-the-run conspiracy thriller with a reprehensible moral and an absurd factual basis, despite abundant graphic violence.
Less subversive and infinitely less intelligent than 1999's Wahlberg-starrer Three Kings.
As the body count increases, the kills become so gratuitous that the effect is numbing, like watching a line of metal ducks get pinged at the state fair.
They don't make movies like this anymore. I mean, seriously, they don't make movies where someone gets wronged and then kicks the wrongdoers' asses.
Shooter is an honorable rather than exceptional addition to the canon.
Despite gripping chase sequences and a few awe-inspiring fiery explosions, gaping holes in the convoluted plot make Shooter heavier on style than substance.
A sleek, taut entertainment spiked with timely political bile.
Shooter doesn't try to be anything but a simple piece of pure action escapism and, on that level, it definitely hits the target.
It may not qualify as a masterpiece, yet is a masterful thriller nonetheless.
Though much of the action in Shooter is beautifully photographed, the movie's force is as a blunt instrument of metaphor.
[A] competent if uninspired action thriller.
Shooter won't win any Oscars, but it has blood and brains, and even some heart. They're splattered all over the screen.
The crushing two-hour-plus running time and Tom Clancy-for-dummies plot sabotage the film, which becomes particularly ridiculous in the last 30 minutes.
As Bob Lee Swagger, marksman, sniper, death dealer, Wahlberg in Shooter has his most physically perfect role since Boogie Nights.
Without Wahlberg's rock-solid presence as a former Marine sniper turned hunted man, the mediocrity of Shooter would be clearer sooner.
Suspended over a deep gully of disbelief, where logic takes more bullets than the bad guys, Shooter still makes the grade as hard-ass action escapism.
As smart action films go, Shooter generally hits its target.
[Writer Jonathan Lemkin] never streamlined the plot enough to make this the fully accessible 'popcorn picture' it aims to be. Frankly, I defy any average moviegoer to accurately recount Shooter's knotty story.
A chase movie and a pretty crafty thriller, Shooter owes a lot to Sydney Pollack's Three Days of the Condor.
It feels fat at more than two hours, and it's much less efficient than movies covering similar ground.
It features a gritty, macho performance by Mark Wahlberg, stinging political commentary and more 'Here's how you do that' moments than the complete MacGuyver collection on DVD.
A perfectly watchable time-killer that delivers on its promises but also kind of wears out its welcome.
It whips from tense to flat-out ridiculous and leaves you feeling dumb for having once cared about it.
Shooter eventually gets in its own way by hitting things too hard, too loud and too long.
It's not a movie to think too deeply about... It's better to just get the big tub of popcorn, the 82-ounce soda and sit in the front row
It's best to turn your brain off, half an hour in.
Though the movie has some mild pretensions to rank with great paranoia films like Three Days of the Condor, mostly it's content to deliver Salisbury steak-and-mashed-potatoes action.
The plot is so dense and cockamamie, trying to follow it isn't worth the bother.
A high-caliber action movie that gives '70s revenge fantasies a contemporary spin.
It's not that the movie's terribly bad; it's more that nothing in it is really that good.
The movie's politics may miss their mark, but its thrills are dead-on.
Shooter is executed with such efficiency and energy by action maestro Antoine Fuqua that ignoring flaws and becoming involved in the proceedings isn't a matter of choice.
Shooter knows what it's aiming for and is consistently, satisfyingly on-target.
The movie's big conspiracy is only a peg on which to hang the suspenseful action. Toss in beautiful locations and great cinematography, and you have a solid action film.
Director Antoine Fuqua chooses to numb, rather than engage.
A sleek, scattershot and vigorously incoherent vigilante flick that assumes the high ground just long enough to slay every corrupt dirt-ball in its path.
Like most modern action films, Shooter is too explicit, more interested in mayhem than motive.
Director Antoine Fuqua and screenwriter Jonathan Lemkin have let a perfectly good political action thriller get completely and ridiculously away from them.
Shooter winds up being the movie that would have left us scratching our heads about Wahlberg's choices had he actually won the best supporting actor award for his terrific work in The Departed.
Shooter boasts a likable hero and the possibility of a sequel, and Hollywood rarely asks for a more storybook ending than that.
Director Antoine Fuqua knows how to stage and shoot scenes of violence and chaos so that they build without ever bubbling over into absurdity.
While it's fast-paced and often something of a nail-biter, Shooter doesn't really pay off, other than merely give us a lot of action, merely for action's sake.
An intermittently preposterous, drawn-out but sometimes entertaining story about an unstoppable ex-Marine.
On the heels of a surprise Oscar nomination for his role as a cop with a bad attitude in Martin Scorsese's The Departed, Mark Wahlberg takes a misstep with this poorly conceived and executed thriller from Antoine Fuqua.
A stylish but essentially businesslike smash-and-crasher.
It's pretty close to being a disaster, and if not for a few energetic bursts of excitement and a rather nice bit of character acting from Pena there's little if anything here to warrant a recommendation.
The movie feels like a prelude; and since Swagger is also the protagonist of two other Hunter novels, if this picture flies, they may soon follow it into production. That's a pretty big "if," though.
The picture molders under the predictable fiery explosions that fill the screen while any pretense of believability remains extinct.
A less musclebound 'Rambo' reimagined for the politically disgusted era of Dubya...
I could never get past the idea that this film is a blatant rip-off of another bad movie, only "Most Wanted," knew what it wanted to be and was at least fun.
This is a solid edge-of-your-seat thriller that smacks of political intrigue.
It accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do--entertain while playing to everyone's most basic fears. American big-studio filmmaking. Ya gotta love it.
the perfect movie for guys who still daydream about re-enacting 'Combat' and 'The A-Team' episodes in the backyard. But it's also a thriller with an undeniable political message...'Burn, baby, burn.'
...a great popcorn movie. It won't make you think, but it won't insult your intelligence either.
Muscles bulge and heads explode in this thoroughly reprehensible, satisfyingly violent entertainment about men and guns and things that go boom.
Its skeptical, disillusioned take on big government and official deceptions should strike a vibrant chord with a wide range of audiences.
Definitely a cut above the average action thriller.
This movie has a wide variation of action, suspense and thrills. Not to mention some of the best special effects I have seen.
Even if the film stumbles, it has just enough goofball lust to keep it entertaining, especially when Swagger is in full government spank mode.
A thrilling action movie because director Antoine Fuqua knows how to blow stuff up and Marky Mark knows how to kick some booty!
An immature, angry polemic against military brass, the government, and politicians that is so simplistic, the movie ends up being more brain-dead for it.
The thinly veiled political rant hits all cylinders whenever its crosshairs land in action mode
Oh, no they didn't!
Is it preposterous? You bet. Will the politics piss off a good number of people? Most definitely. Do the bad guys get it, and get it good? Oh yeah. I think I just summed up the pitch meeting.
He has to walk toward us in slo-mo? And the bad guys have to cackle over their total domination and corruption? And there have to be not one, not two, but three explaining villains?
Shooter is far more complicated than it needs to be, taking more crazy twists and turns than it should.
The saving grace of most bad movies is that they're brief and undemanding. This one makes you work at it.
Shooter's covert intent could have been satire. Overtly, though, it's definitely about shooting, betrayal and shooting. In that order.
a mash-up of "First Blood" and 2007's "24" White House rot intrigue that all feels vaguely like last year's "Deja Vu" without the sci-fi and "Cliffhanger" without the cliff hanging.
It definitely has its moments, but Shooter is a near miss.
The story is often ridiculous, but director Antoine Fuqua provides plenty of fun distractions, including an evil Russian in a wheelchair, a conniving U.S. senator, and a heroine who favors tank tops.
Begins with a semblance of rationality, then flies off the rails, plunging into a series of bloody shootouts and pointless explosions.
It's best to hold your disbelief in abeyance and just go along for the thrill ride.
The thinking person's 'Rambo'--depending on the thinking person's IQ--but gorgeous British Columbia scenery, awesome explosions, make it all worth the price.
It's a story that can be transplanted from genre to genre, because we never grow tired of it, which is to say that it fits snugly into the paranoid drift of American movies, and the value we place on one honest man with a gun.
Comparisons to Sylvester Stallone's equally ill-treated combat vet from two decades ago are paper-thin, since this film is anything but a Rambore.
The movie's called Shooter, not Tea Cozy, so it's no surprise it's a man's man's man's movie. And a very entertaining one, at that.
A feel-good celebration of political vigilantism...As a piece of empty-headed action entertainment, it misses the target by a wide margin.
Shooter is a well-timed reminder that cinematic violence can qualify as something other than mindless -- it can even, in deft hands, be mindful.
Shooter wants to be the Manchurian Candidate of today. But it adheres more to the formula of a forgettable Clancy paperback than a truly confrontational work.
As a formidable A-list action pic, the film is an unexciting throwaway. As an R-rated exploitationer, it doesn't understand that such a thing should actually be fun to watch.
For years Wahlberg has been turning into a real actor, and if he ever gets the action hero role he deserves, we'll let you know.
Mark Wahlberg will only get props for balancing out the utter implausibility of [Antoine] Fuqua's new crash-boom conspiracy melodrama Shooter.
Shooter ain't Shakespeare, but on a lazy Sunday afternoon with nothing else to do, you'll be glad this flick exists.
A generically titled studio action picture that turns out to be a surprisingly deft satire about Americans' loss of faith in their government following the 2000 election, the 9/11 attacks and the ensuing wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
How (could) someone as drab and monotone and Wahlberg could have ever been nominated for an Oscar?
The script defies narrative logic, is implausible, lacks real characters and has more holes than the Gardner Expressway in the spring.
Don't go in with high expectations for a coherent story and you'll be fine.
Here's a customized way to gauge whether or not you'll enjoy Shooter: Give it three stars for each gun you own.
Swagger, after all, has undergone the most intensive training known to man: He's watched "First Blood" every day for 14 years.
The ultimate crime of this paranoid enemy-of-the-state pulp, directed with more style than brains by Antoine Fuqua, is how dull it is.
A sharp political action-thriller that's far from perfect, but Mark Wahlberg's Bob Lee Swagger is a memorable anti-hero in the tradition of Jason Bourne.
For a movie that the creators want to think of as a 'thinking man's' actioner, very little thought seems to have been expended on some pretty basic questions of ethics.
A last act climactic cleanup is what's calling forth the boos and hisses that aren't altogether fair to a chase-revenge thriller with so much character, skill and gripping power.
Then come the plot holes, the cartoonish performances (especially from Ned Beatty as a crudely drawn, corrupt Montana senator) and -- oh, yes -- the stuff that gets blowed up real good.
Even in a climate where the pervasive influence of 24 can be argued to have caused 'thriller fatigue,' Shooter is worth the price of admission.
The bad guys are bad and the guns are smokin' hot, hey, that's why they call it a thriller!
A predictable and preposterous picture with more plot holes than Bonnie-and-Clyde's machine gun riddled car.
Some old dude steals the movie by saying, "I still have the shovel."
RAMBO with less pomposity and better acting. Mostly.
This old-fashioned revenge actioner suffers from a prepsoterous plot and lack of logic and credibility, a peculiar combo of an inner-directed hero that would make John Wayne proud and a cynical tone of conspiracy thrillers like Three Days of the Condor.


@highlight

With an implausible story and numerous plot holes, Shooter fails to distinguish itself from other mindless action-thrillers.