It's a self-indulgent, utterly painful film that attempts to explore all sorts of genres, but it fails.
The ranting, whining, kvetching, self-involved family begins to outstay its welcome [...] so that time spent with them can feel like entrapment at a raucous bar mitzvah reception.
The unwashed talent and originality of "The Talent Given Us" makes it a compelling and fascinating film.
Maybe Andrew Wagner was hoping they would be endearingly human, but instead they come off as annoying, hardly the type of people we want to be stuck with for an hour and a half.
The result is a funny and sometimes touching docu-comedy, sort of like watching your parents if they were in the middle of a Woody Allen movie.
Faux documentary, home movie or unexpurgated family therapy? The Talent Given Us, a funny, surprising ride with a mercurial New York clan, is all three.
[A] one-of-a-kind movie that sends the family road-trip genre happily spinning into these self-obsessed, overanalytical times; it's National Lampoon's Vacation as re-imagined by Dr. Phil.
Andrew Wagner's deeply original, awe-inspiring The Talent Given Us defies classification, another mongrel marvel traducing the boundaries of documentary and fiction.
Deftly embraces some of the trademarks of documentary and cinema verité (using handheld cameras and non-actors, and shooting all on location) to effectively blur fact and fiction.
The notion that there is no escape from one's family is elevated-and ameliorated-by the inkling that the Wagners' story is, in fact, real.
Ultimately, the movie isn't as strong as the idea behind the movie, or the people inside that idea.
What initially seems hard to watch, even excruciating at times, becomes hard not to, a fascinating fiction that seems to be more real than just about any actual documentary you can imagine.
If you enjoy HBO's cult hit Curb Your Enthusiasm, you're almost guaranteed to enjoy this bawdy, heartbreaking, deeply discomfiting mockumentary.
A brave, funny, affecting film.
A work of inspired, embarrassingly hilarious, uncomfortable fiction.
It's tough to describe The Talent Given Us, which is why it's fascinating.
Amounts to something like a home movie, offering more interest and entertainment inside the subject brood than it would to outsiders.
What starts out seeming courageous rapidly reveals itself as a narcissistic, opportunistic stunt.
travels to some very unexpected places with its warts and all dissection of a family dynamic
Intermittently funny and grating.
We're encouraged to believe that at least some of what we're hearing is a reflection of 'real' family concerns, but the film makes it impossible to tell what's genuine and what's pretend in all the soul-baring.
Stuck in a van with these annoying motor mouths left me wanting to scream.
The Talent Given Us is disarming in its fearless confrontation with mortality and the perpetual quest for nothing less than life.
Pretty much a stunt, and not an entirely successful one...on balance the nuggets are embedded in just too much dross.
Most of us really, really don't want to be a fly on the wall while somebody else's family works out its issues in interstate therapy sessions.
It's not as much fun as taking a road trip with your own family, but at least you're not stuck in the backseat of the car.
May give even die-hard voyeurs the heebie-jeebies ... Anybody who has ever suffered through someone else's slide reel should consider this fair warning.
Autobiographical or not, the frankness and family hysteria of this rolling therapy session gets awkwardly intimate and at times tough to endure...
The big problem with this verité film is that nothing in it is verified. Verily, a lot of it is just B.S.
It's fiction -- but it's fiction with the cutting edge of truth. It's so funny, it hurts.
The rhythm is that of a Christopher Guest mockumentary, and the acting is a near-perfect match.
Ultimately the film's insights and observations seem not so much universal as self-absorbed and solipsistic.
After awhile, you start feeling as if you've been cooped up with the Upper West Side's answer to 'The Bickersons' for way too long. Yet in the end, The Talent Given Us represents a highly original filmmaking debut for Wagner.
It's difficult to see how this picture -- essentially chronicling a long car trip -- could mean much to anyone but the Wagners and their friends and relatives.
...confounding, funny, horrifying, and eventually irresistibly absorbing.
The Talent Given Us appalls as much as it entertains.
A film of uncommon originality.
As a sheer comedy, The Talent Given Us is head and shoulders above most if not all comedies of 2005 thus far.
I think it's an interesting experiment, but it was very difficult for me to make it all the way to the end.
A warm, funny and often touching character study.
Brutally truthful, funny and touching in nearly equal measure, this semi-autobiographical, micro-budget road movie lacks any of the obvious bells and whistles that even indie features seem to need nowadays.
Wagner achieves a certain intimacy that couldn't be captured with a camera present in a standard documentary, and couldn't be recreated by anyone other than a close relative.
If you have the chance to be an onlooker on the Wagner's family trip though, you should drop everything and get on board.
It would all amount to little more than an uncomfortable hour and a half of dirty laundry if it weren't for the natural charm of Allen and Judy Wagner, nonactors who nevertheless project an unexpected amount of charisma.
Weird and wonderful.
Its remarkable candor is like spending a memorably hilarious, harrowing and unforgettable weekend with your wacky in-laws.
Andrew Wagner's strange and delightful movie shouldn't work but does rather remarkably.
This isn't a movie, it's a thingamajig -- frequently as off-putting as can be, but unassailably one of a kind.
This raw, fascinating, often unpleasant film is not in the least coy about its queasy mix of exploitation and therapeutic exhibitionism.
You will never see anything like it in your entire life, but I'm not exactly sure it should ever be seen outside first-time director Andrew Wagner's living room.


@highlight

The Talent Given Us is an odd hybrid of reality and fiction, but works due to its engaging characters.