The performance of Christoph Waltz, playing the Nazi Gestapo figure Col. Hans Landa, is the highlight of the film. His ability to convey courtliness and sympathy and then go to commit the cruelest of horrors is simply superb.
Where Death Proof kept halving itself-effectively remaking and one-upping the Kill Bill mommy saga with different drapery-Basterds keeps excoriating everything, loud and proud and begging to be heard.
The movie left me both exhilarated and frustrated. Not quite a masterpiece, it might qualify as a "messterpiece," an unwieldy, unfocused film with unforgettable moments that nearly get lost in a sea of excess.
The movie is a bit long, well over two hours and probably could have been two hours had the first half of the movie not dragged. But the second half is well worth the build-up.
[Inglorious Bastards] is pure cinema, pure theater, and entertaining
... a mix of pulp fantasy, genre play, and narrative tropes resurrected with fresh takes and twists, all deliciously scripted into dialogue dances and verbal jousts...
Tarantino's tight script is playfully sharp in all languages.
Recommended whole-heartedly for those seeking visceral, pulp-'n'-gulp entertainment.
It all makes for one bloody, nasty, funny film. And despite its indulgences, one that will rightly be hailed as a comeback for its rockstar director.
Absolutely engrossing.
Waltz steals every one that he's in.
In his gloriously imperfect Inglourious Basterds, Quentin Tarantino distills every war movie he's ever seen into one potent, funny, morally indefensible, nine-tenths brilliant "impossible mission" flick.
Irresponsible and overinflated though it is, Inglourious Basterds is still more pleasurable than half a dozen Defiances and Valkyries and Miracle at St. Annas put together.
While it's effective in spurts, we can only wonder when Lt. Tarantino will learn some new tactics.
A smart, sophisticated and perplexing blend of wisdom and attitude that takes bold risks, sneers at convention and then still has enough audacity to rewrite the history books for one last daring climax.
In this film, WWII was settled in a movie theater -- a notion that obviously feels appropriate to anyone who loves old movies as much as this director.
The intricate plot offers a wealth of opportunities for scene-stopping showpieces of all kinds, from epic spectacle to intimate character work.
Personally, I wearied of Tarantino's breathless shtick long ago, but I must admit I enjoyed Inglourious Basterds more than anything he's done in years.
Basterds has multiple plot strands that eventually converge in a spectacular finale, which takes place, fittingly, in a movie theater in Paris.
It's a lot to take in. But in the end, Tarantino leaves you wanting more.
Watching Tarantino pull out his filmmaking toys and play with each of them is a thrill.
The dialogue is fabulous.
The film might not be Tarantino's masterpiece but it is his most entertaining and exhilarating effort since Pulp Fiction.
It's a Second World War fantasy made up of bits and pieces of Second World War movies and reassembled into a wordy pastiche that is irresistibly absurd. It's positively inglorious.
Inglourious Basterds will be loved and hated, sometimes in the same scene, eventually leading to at least grudging admiration.
If you really like movies, chances are you like Tarantino. And if you like Tarantino, chances are you'll like Inglourious Basterds.
It has been a problem in the past that Tarantino's voice could be heard in the lines he wrote, but the mesmerising Waltz takes that gleeful relish of language and presents it as a vital aspect of Landa's professional pride.
A failure so complete that it is infuriating as opposed to merely disappointing
[It] gets by on typical Tarantino gumption.
Tarantino's ensemble converses at length in basement taverns and cinema lobbies and war rooms, and the best exchanges are tricky, chesslike psycho-verbal games of subterfuge.
It may be an unexpected adventure of unusual proportions and design, but it's still the most glorious adventure of the summer.
At the end of the day, Basterds is a series of strongly made, if expertly (over)written, pieces that never really come together into one coherent whole.
Despite the injection of content from a variety of directions, Basterds lacks the crackly excitement of Tarantino's other efforts, mainly because he can't seem to tie the whole package together.
Vintage Tarantino returns to the big screen and he's brought all his trademark moves with him.
Inglourious Basterds is almost as deliriously entertaining as a remixed Hitler tantrum.
Inglourious Basterds is naughty, apocalyptic fun -- Tarantino's version of a war movie, with history rewritten to avenge the guilty in ways that satisfy his pop-art cinephilia.
The film's infamous ending offers Tarantino's most pronounced metaphor for cinema.
A pretty good war movie that is audacious, occasionally fun and too in love with its own voice.
How welcome, then, that Basterds, while no masterpiece, manages to get at something more than its creator's too often frivolously exercised visual intelligence and esoteric preoccupations.
This film isn't about World War II, it's about World War II movies, as gleefully recounted by a giddy kid who's eaten way too much sugar.
A work that is experimental, offbeat, and most distinctly of a unique voice is a welcome rarity.
How does one do justice to a movie as warped, wacky and way out there as 'Inglourious Basterds'? Truth is, you can't. That's how glorious this bastardized version of World War II history becomes.
It's a long but entertainingly showy melodrama full of cineaste jokes, tricksy wordplay and references to film-makers GW Pabst, Leni Riefenstahl and Sergio Leone.
Despite failing to achieve epic greatness (or moral relevance), Inglourius Basterds is a helluva cinematic experience, rewriting the fall of the Third Reich in a way few directors would ever dare.
The experience is like savoring a box of imported French chocolates, only the last one is filled with the wrath of God.
For all its originality, this hall of mirrors is the closest Tarantino has come to making a film with old-fashioned, movie-movie appeal.
Waltz will be unknown to most American audiences -- he was certainly unknown to me -- but he's nothing less than sensational as the silky, polyglot SS officer charged by the Fuhrer to root out the remaining Jews in France.
Although the actors are flawless, it is Tarantino whose name will go hand in hand with the film -- he is by the modern definition of the word an "auteur."
There is absolutely no one like Tarantino. I think he's capable of anything. It's almost too much power for one filmmaker to have.
With Inglourious Basterds, he's managed to make a movie that will polarise more than ever; its lack of immediacy will frustrate casual audiences; its unfocused story will likely upset the QT hardcore.
Tarantino devotes roughly equal time to discussing the cinema of G.W. Pabst and dramatizing the gory scalping of dead Nazi soldiers. It's just that kind of movie.
They're inventing a new junk-food product line for Inglourious Basterds - the White Elephant Supreme.
Like a bat to the head, it's not too subtle, but you can't help but watch.
There will be blood.
Inglourious Basterds not only knows that it is a fictional movie, but also that it is being watched by an audience, and herein lays its greatest achievement.
Dialogue is sharp, the imagery mesmerizing and both come together to create a wildly entertaining film. Impossible to watch without wanting to be a Basterd yourself.
WWII revamped Quentin Tarantino style, Inglourious Basterds succeeds as the ultimate fantasy revenge story, a Kill Hitler which stands as one the best works in the career of its influential filmmaker.
Tarantino is at times like a flamboyant, egomaniacal orchestra conductor, gesticulating wildly and turning to the audience to make sure we know that the show's about him.
Despite some of the scenes dragging on too long, Inglourious Basterds is still a lot of fun, altering history for the better as the Nazis feel the force of redemption.
Inglourious Basterds is worthy of Dr. Strangelove.
Shows how most of us turn to film for both fantasy escape and an avenue to make the abstract past tangible, enough to even possibly, and powerfully, replace actual history.
One of the best films of 2009, and another home run for Tarantino.
Quentin Tarantino seems to be hanging on to a lost world of moviemaking. He may be nuts. But he's a nut who cares.
Tarantino's World War II epic is both bloody and talky.
Tarantino's visual style and flare for the fantasy make for an intriguing and colorful World War II drama.
Mr. Waltz's dynamic performance contrasts satirical and dramatic hues, effectively charismatic and repulsive at once.
Un divertido disparate sobre tema serio que es, en definitiva, una celebración y reivindicación del cine como espectáculo. Gran trabajo del austriaco Christoph Waltz en el papel de Hans Landa.
It's great in parts.
Simply Tarantino's best. A very intelligent script that combines war movie elements with some pointed observations about violence in movies and in society.
Não importando a qual gênero pertençam ou que história estejam contando, os filmes de Quentin Tarantino giram primordialmente em torno de duas coisas: o Cinema e o amor que o diretor sente por este.
Hitler is introduced in a cape like a comic-book villain, so moral relativism clearly isn't part of the plan. With its intentionally brash rewriting of history, Inglourious Basterds is what Quentin Tarantino's back-half of Grindhouse should've been.
As it progresses, it increasingly takes its cues from Ernst Lubitsch's great Nazi farce To Be or Not to Be, except eventually even wackier and less realistic.
Gutsy, pleasurable and very satisfying. Packaged together by the amazing Quentin Tarantino, this film will slap you in the face and say: "Damn good, what a way to end the summer!"
97% mature, solid, suspenseful, respectful, artistic, violent, sophisticated, tremulous, funny, surprising
Its biggest flaw, though, for those who care about such things, may be its moral attitude. That might seem a stodgy thing to bring up in the context of a Quentin Tarantino movie, but it takes such center stage that it needs to be examined.
Tarantino has a created a more moving tale about the Jews and the Nazis during World War II than, for example, last year's much more reverent Defiance, which was actually based on a true story yet came off as shtick.
One basterd of a movie... Who wants to hear Quentin Tarantino dialogue in a foreign language, thus having to read it?
Everything else [except the Basterds themselves] works so beautifully
t's so rich in cinematic value, it's difficult for me to understand how a film critic could fail to be impressed by it.
By letting his brilliant dialogue-centered screenplay showcase his superb cast and keeping the gory violence in check, this fictional WWII saga is Tarantino's masterpiece. Who knew?
Why is Basterds such a colossal disappointment? It's mostly because Tarantino indulges all of his worst impulses as a filmmaker and ignores what he does best.
Pretentious? Narcissistic? Gory? What's Not to Love?
Gloriously directed and written, 'Inglourious Basterds' is a must for Quentin Tarantino fans.
As relentlessly audacious and engrossing as anything within Quentin Tarantino's flawless body of work...
Magnificent
A piece of bravura filmmaking, a scrumptiously over the top revenge fantasy that melds high comedy with tragic melodrama for pure hypnotic effect. I've never enjoyed a Tarantino movie more.
Some of it is good; much of it is preposterous. In trying to meld comedy and tragedy it entertains fitfully and requires more patience than most Tarantino films do.
Tarantino's best movie to date turns out to be his latest movie, which clashes together history and fantasy, intentionally echoes back to many of the World War II movies that came before it, and uses them to inform it.
A brilliantly made, polarizing affair.
If you love Quentin, get ready for a hell of a ride!
This is a revenge fantasy where the non-Jewish Tarantino wants us to cheer on the violent Jews because - as we see - their victims more than deserve their fates.
...a long, strange pop artifact, studded with instant-classic moments and sealed with a legitimately great image...
At times Inglourious Basterds is arguably the best picture of the year, full of the joy and verve and filmmaking prowess that has so marked Mr. Tarantino's best work.
Generally thrilling, even if some stretches of conversation tend to the long side.
Enough action and ghoulish humor to offset all the boring "my dinner with Fritz" pace-killing scenes, adolescent slasher gore, misogyny and Bush-Cheney-inspired anything-goes war rules.
The stylish Inglourious Basterds means next to nothing, but its pure outlandishness draws eyes to the screen.
The cameo by Rod Taylor and the references to Yvette Mimieux (the stars of 'The Time Machine') are the tip-offs: This is Tarantino's celebration of cinema as time machine -- a device that can erase the years and, on an imaginative level, change the past.
Tarantino is much less interested in the gory possibilities of the premise than he is in old-fashioned suspense and tension
This is filmmaking at its bravest, and whether Tarantino is a genius or a fool, he does nothing by accident.
...dont expect a pure action adventure. Thats not what this ones about.
... a rollicking, wish-fulfillment revenge fantasy about getting Hitler that is presented with a graphic novel ambiance punctuated with moments of brilliant tension.
A sprawling feast of a movie that's by turns funny, exciting, outrageous and just plain exhilarating, Inglourious Basterds actually is the event it was touted to be.
It's a violent wish-fulfillment fantasy, and if such a thing is necessarily immoral, then Inglourious Basterds is immoral. But it's also -- necessarily -- a provocation.
I got the feeling that shock, confusion, and even disgust greeted the misinformed Jewish patrons itching for rapture.
Tension, twists, humor, and it's constant. This is the best adult 'Once Upon a Time' I can think of.
"Basterds" is very audacious with comic book-like characters and dialogue, a B-movie sensibility and a serial-like disdain for logic.
Quentin is back with his best film ever - a rip roaring action adventure wrapped up as a fairy tale of sorts
[Quentin Tarantino has] whacked history over the head and cut away all the boring bits, leaving behind a blood-drenched war epic like no other.
Satire and sanctimony -- Tarantino rules.
Just like 100-degree plus weather and muggy conditions, it's been a miserable summer movie season but fortunately Quentin Tarantino is ready to cool us off with a welcome refreshing dose of quality entertainment with his latest ingenious work 'Inglourious
Inglourious Basterds is as much fun as you can have in a cinema without embarrassing an usher or making your popcorn too salty.
This spaghetti-western-inspired war film is a watchable mix of the good, the bad and the ugly.
Ideological sentimentality is not a charge that could be made against Tarantino, but his film thereafter, though consistently gripping, is uneven and fractured.
Basterds is not as the closing dialogue suggests, a masterpiece, but even an off-day Tarantino can still impose shock and awe.
Tarantino likes action, but more than anything he likes seeing actors delivering the dialogue he wrote for them. In the case of the surprising, original Inglourious Basterds, we are happy to indulge him.
Tarantino's finest film since Pulp Fiction.
Landa is a man you will love to hate. His performance is a credible candidate for a Best Supporting Actor Oscar. He is the best thing in this patchy, overlong but ridiculously enjoyable return to form for the bad boy of American cinema.
QT has let loose completely: flashes of cine-genius curdle with crude, crazy juvenility, although it doesn't stop this being his most purely enjoyable film since Kill Bill: Vol. 1.
This is the most fun I've had at the movies all year, and if you don't mind a little Nazi killin', you might just come out thinking the same.
...an old-fashioned World War II movie showing war as fun adventure updated by graphic violence, abetted by Tarantino's chimerical speculation.
It's a lurid, wide-screen fantasy of how things might have gone if Sergio Leone or Sam Fuller had called the shots.
I think this is a key work in Tarantino's career, because it shows that he can pull off a masterpiece without resorting too much to his well-established bag of tricks.
Don't be put off by all the explicit gore, for it is ultimately vindicated by the flick's disturbing, self-referential way of delivering a thought-provoking message not only about war, but about our insatiable lust for movies about war.
Damn Gud Fun
Christoph Waltz delivers one of the most brilliant portrayals of a villain I've seen since Anthony Hopkins transformed himself into Hannibal Lecter.
By far the best World War II film I've ever seen.
...The more knowledgeable you are about WWII history and 20th Century pop culture, the more you will appreciate this Tarantino absurdity. What a wildly violent and memorable absurdity it is.
Quentin Tarantino has finally made a movie that means something, though I think that's happened entirely by accident...
This is a FILM with blood in its veins, a heart in its body and a red hot engine in its chassis. It is alive with ideas and a geniune belief in the power of FILM to express them.
A whole lot of movie, but it's also technically mature filmmaking to a thematically juvenile end.
A film geek's revisionist history of the Third Reich's death knell as portrayed by the Quentin Tarantino players.
You absolutely have to see this film if only for Waltz' performance as Landa -- it's the most inspired, carefully nuanced and perfectly pitched performance of the year.
Throw a dozen outrageous characters at the screen and stick them in equally shocking plots and sub-plots and see what sticks. With Inglourious Basterds everything sticks.
An unrealistic over-the-top madcap WW II drama that seamlessly mixes violence, vulgarian comedy and cinema lore.
Quentin Tarantino has become the third Coen brother.
Revel in the Glourious-ness that is Inglourious Basterds, writer/director Quentin Tarantino's marvelously skewed take on WWII.
Quentin Tarantino's once blazing career continues to sputter thanks to his alternately brilliant and baffling Basterds.
A delirious pastiche of WWII movie tropes via the naughty Nazi pictures that flooded Italy in The Night Porter's wake ... Tarantino knows exactly how vulgar it is to spin pulp entertainment from the iconography of mass murderers, and how bracingly
I need to learn if this is indeed the spectacularly engaging mess I want to say it is or just a plain old mess with spectacular moments, the difference between the two so razor-thin a follicle of hair might actually be thicker.
Tarantino does not set out to make a war film like any one you have seen before. Instead, he's going for a genre mish-mash to deliver a unique film in and of itself.
In this year of bland, boring, vision-less studio films Ingourious Basterds is a fun, inventive breath of fresh air that I just wanted to keep breathing in and hold as if my life depended on it.
Tarantino's scenes go on and on because he's in love with the sound of his character talking. This gets especially maddening in Inglorious Basterds because much of the dialogue is in German, so the words are three times as long.
Not only does it have all the Tarantino hallmarks -- crackling dialog, dark comedy, graphic violence -- but it's also got Brad Pitt and dead Nazis. Entertaining? Immensely.
Tarantino assembles his complicated plot and multitude of players with only occasional allegiance to history. As a result, all bets are off, making the film and its twists harder to predict.
Landa is such a wily and despicable concoction that, in movie terms, he's almost impossible not to like. And therein lies part of my problem with this movie.
I'm tempted to say Tarantino has done it again, but I doubt anyone has ever done anything like his dazzlingly original World War II movie, Inglourious Basterds.
It's these fine sequences that can make you truly regret Tarantino's snarky, in-joke impulses, not to mention his arrogant -- perhaps even dangerous -- lack of concern with the story's moral dimensions.
An amalgam of tension and frivolity and movie-love and wantonness and sleight-of-hand and mastery and glee.
Will Basterds polarize audiences? That's a given. But for anyone professing true movie love, there's no resisting it.
Clocking in at 2 hours and 32 minutes, it is unforgivably leisurely, almost glacial, a film that loses its way in the thickets of alternative history and manages to be violent without the start-to-finish energy that violence on screen usually guarantees.
Inglorious Basterds is a meatier movie mash-up than his recent run of flicks, but it's still first and foremost a platform for Tarantino to indulge his very particular whims.
What is not to like about dispatching armed and angry Jews to kill Nazis during the Second World War?
A celebration of film as its own entity, beholden to nothing but its own creative impulses.
The picture contains all the things his fans like about Tarantino -- the wit, the audacity, the sudden violence -- but this movie's emotional core and bigness of spirit are new.
War reduced to pop entertainment should at least be easy to swallow, but this stuff keeps getting stuck in our craw. The trash that Tarantino used to elevate he now imitates.
Quentin Tarantino does it again. Again.
Tarantino's signature nastiness and his juvenile delight in shocking the audience undercut the movie's larger purpose.
Scenes like the showdown in the tavern and the movie-premiere finale are as imaginative, energetic and, in their own weird, brutal way, beautiful as cinema gets.
The movie is fun -- Tarantino makes clever use of language and the mechanics of making and projecting movies -- but his ability to juggle multiple storylines isn't as sure as it was in Pulp Fiction, which Basterds resembles structurally.
The pop-art auteur's least-focused film to date, a rambling wreck of shrewd ideas and cinematic influences that never interlock into their own identifiable movie.
All the trademark Tarantino flourishes are here -- the joyous splaying of gore; the self-referential dialogue; the artful artificiality and the juxtaposition of humor and violence -- but they don't add up to much.
Simply another testament to his movie love. The problem is that by making the star attraction of his latest film a most delightful Nazi, one whose smooth talk is as lovingly presented as his murderous violence, Mr. Tarantino has polluted that love.
For all its visual bravura and occasional bursts of antic inspiration, it feels trivial, the work of a kid who can't stop grabbing his favorite shiny plaything.
Whatever Inglourious Basterds lacks as a satisfying whole, it makes up for in the sum total of its assertive parts.
Everything with Brad Pitt and The Basterds is awesome. The rest of the movie stinks.
A nerve-jangling, suspenseful, violent, rollicking good time.
Tarantino's finest effort, the best movie of the year to this point, and a sure-fire contender for Best Picture, plus several acting honors.
The film serves up revenge with a whopping side of 'merry.' Looking at the sunny side of the strasse, Christoph Waltz' giddy Col. Landa throws 1 hell of a Nazi party, practically skipping in his jackboots.
One of the best performances of the decade in one of the most entertaining movies of the year.
I don't know if I've ever seen a revenge fantasy so willfully messed up, sometimes offensively so, that still manages to be worthwhile for whole sections of its 2 1/2 hours. The opening is as good a sequence as Tarantino has ever created.
Although Inglourious Basterds is not the best representation of Tarantino's genius, he can do no wrong, even if it is sometimes misguided and laborious.
Tarantino perfectly balances brilliantly written dialogue with completely insane violence. I was pumping my fist in the air the entire time.
Quentin Tarantino's dual loves of vengeance and cinema have never had a purer expression than the face of a Jewish cinematheque owner projected Oz-like onto the smoke of Nazis aflame.
The final impression of the movie - that it's crass, juvenile and profoundly distasteful - overrides its more enjoyable moments.
Once again, Tarantino refuses to deliver something easily dissected or discussed, something that has made him one of the most polarizing filmmakers of the last two decades. If only there were more like him.
Parental Content Review
Tarantino engages with the power of language, not only spoken but cinematic language in particular. He relishes the way movies speak to an audience, the manipulative power of cinematic dialect to tell facts differently, and how film language can replace m
Despite the trailer's first impressions, Inglourious Basterds is much more than Brad Pitt with a funny accent and a few Hitler-stache cameos.
Tarantino seems to have gotten high on the fumes of his own (admittedly addictive) creation here and just not known when to quit.
For anyone who has been hoping to see Tarantino back at the top of his game, the must-see movie of the summer has finally arrived.
This exploitation epic is a unique beast that molests history, wrong-foots expectations and royally entertains. The movies' coolest Basterd is back on his game.
Lively and literate, Inglourious Basterds feels fresher than any Tarantino film in a while. Even so, smart as his writing is, it wouldn't kill him to see a blue pencil now and again.
Inglourious Basterds is sprawling, flawed and hugely self-indulgent. It's also hugely enjoyable.
Inglourious Basterds is sporadically enjoyable, but it's also a dismal squandering of a once-promising talent.
His latest is too long, too talkative and a touch too self-indulgent. But it's a heck of a lot better than anything he's done since Pulp.
The endless twists and turns coupled with Tarantino's trademark black comedy help take the edge off the violence a little.
Whirled around the floor of a story that goes absolutely nowhere, contains no human verities, has no significant heft as historical drama, yet still proves, now and then, an entertaining piece of Pop Disco Art from the cinema's most talented tease.
Sensationally entertaining, relentlessly suspenseful and thrilling with a terrific ensemble cast and wickedly funny and witty dialogue. Tarantino fans rejoice!
What really makes Inglourious Basterds stick out like a Royale with cheese...is its sheer playfulness. Tarantino does digress, as is his wont, but these are not the irritating indulgences they were in Kill Bill.
If the accomplishment of this first scene were upheld throughout then we might have a masterpiece on our hands. Alas, it is uneven as well as unpredictable.
At a bum-numbing two-and-a-half hours, you need more. You may have seen war through the eyes of Quentin Tarantino - but there's nowt going on behind them.
A fundamentally silly piece of fiction and far too few occasions when Tarantino manages to produce the kind of spectacular cinematic moment combining character, script and editing that first signalled him out as a virtuoso director.
QT is rediscovering his form: Basterds is a tense, punchy and darkly funny film.
A tense, thrilling, brilliantly acted and superbly directed war flick that just might be Tarantino's masterpiece.
Even though it's long and indulgent, this is a deeply entertaining romp, crafted to perfection by Tarantino and his amazing cast.
A brutal, audacious, triumphant piece of filmmaking that hits harder than a baseball bat to the jawbone.
Strip away Tarantino's pulp fiction and his love for post-modern pastiche and the film is a slice of entertainment grounded in moral seriousness.
...a wartime opus whose shortcomings upon first viewing are as immediately recognizable as the fact they will after many more of them prove to be virtues...
Nobody but Tarantino could have made Inglourious Basterds and, in a homogenising culture such as Hollywood, that's worth celebrating.
Quentin Tarantino is back on form with a bang with what might just be his finest film yet.
Amongst all the filmmakers working today, no one inspires more passionate discussion, debate and analysis than Quentin Tarantino.
As entertaining as it is audacious, a film that showcases Tarantino in top form and boasts a multitude of characters who could easily carry a movie of their own.
This has to be regarded as the most unusual movie of the year. The movie is imaginative and so full of curveball ideas that you can't wait to see what will happen next.
Is this Tarantino's masterpiece, as the movie's final shot not so subtly seems to suggest? I believe it's one of them. In the end, we're left with superior storytelling from one of cinema's most talented practitioners.
The true moral universe in which the film unfolds is that of the spaghetti westerns...: a world in which the strong are above the law and the way to tell the good guys from the bad guys is not by their acts but by the kind of hats they wear.
It's not quite on par with the genre-busting Pulp Fiction, but Tarantino's seventh film is just as assuredly paced and remarkably more mature.
Who could possibly resist a World War II movie with a climax that somehow manages to work in exact visual quotes from not one, but two Brian DePalma movies?
'I've had no issues in working with the Weinsteins. They're ma boyz!,' Tarantino exclaimed in our Chicago interview both with anticipated media training but also with genuine indebtedness to the brotherly duo. 'They're coming back in a big way.'
After two and a half hours, it's impossible to question the greatness within but hard to ignore what also makes it his most laboring and flawed feature to date.
a war film about war. That's rarer than you think.
Christoph Waltz matches Lecter, Vader, and the Wicked Witch of the West with a performance that shows off his fluency in English, German, French, Italian...and evil.
Tarantino fans, among many others, will have a great good time.
The story is wildly, daringly imaginative, the sort of thing that very few filmmakers could even conceive, let alone execute.
There are no pure heroes or villains in Tarantino's vision of WWII, just varying degrees of the dredges of humanity in a time and place where the shadows have free reign.
It's a meditation on movies, but also an exploration of the art of seduction.
It's talky, foul-mouthed, over-the-top and probably too long by at least a half hour. However, those who enjoy Tarantino's brand of off-the-wall filmmaking and those who can withstand this film's constant assault on their sensibilities will be just fine.
The outcome is gory and glorious.
Inglourious Basterds constantly challenges its viewer's emotions, making us question whether or not we should be feeling the compassion, hatred, or empathy that we do.
Don't go into Inglourious Basterds expecting a serious WWII film and you'll probably end up having fun with it.
Fierce, fascinating, literate, ballsy, shocking, whimsical, devastating, brazenly inventive, and nothing less than wholly hypnotic.
Inglorious Basterds is an entertainment but an uneasy one; it represents 153 minutes of bravura stalling, after which its creator loses interest and walks away.
One of the best war movies of the decade not because it's about war, but because it's about war movies.
Tonally schizoid and rife with anachronisms (a David Bowie song on the sound track, out-of-era vernacular), Tarantino's Third Reich folly is utterly exasperating.
Bravura filmmaking at its finest.
There's a feast here, particularly in the amazing opening, an unexpected essay on King Kong, and performances by Pitt, Laurent, and Waltz. It's just been placed on a huge table with no consideration of whether it adds up to a meal.
Quentin Tarantino's extremely witty revenge fantasy Inglourious Basterds may be the most fun you'll have at the movies this summer.
When a man makes a movie this good, you can forgive him the occasional indulgence.
That isn't the way the history books tell it, but after seeing this overripe wonder you may prefer Tarantino's take.
Basterds is not great Tarantino but it's solidly good Tarantino, and that's sweet news for his fans.
Waltz as an actor proves to be the best match for Tarantino's dialogue since Samuel L. Jackson -- his ability to mix casual chitchat with a dark undercurrent of menace (in three different languages, no less) makes him a mesmerizing presence.
Quentin Tarantino is like a kid in a candy store reinventing WWII... [with] a wallop of a climax that reimagines a cinema auditorium as a Holocaust gas chamber by way of the throne of the great and powerful wizard of Oz.
Tarantino's wartime fantasies may leave history in the dust, but his movie is a surprisingly satisfying contribution to movies about the Holocaust.
These Basterds blend into a much richer story, a hugely entertaining one with stars you don't immediately see shining.
Something close to an ideal Tarantino flick, an impertinent and often tasteless epic that rewrites WII history as a fairy tale for gonzo genre kicks.
The Dirty Dozen it most definitely is not. It's a war movie like no other, a 21st century film nerd's take on the 20th century's most tragic chapter. Cinderella's slipper and Sherlock Holmes' pipe are among the unlikely delights in QT's best film to date.
Many Tarantino movies are female revenge fantasies, in which strong women plot the deaths of men who wronged them. In Shosanna and Bridget, the writer-director has fashioned two of his steeliest, most principled femmes fatales.
Tarantino is the most fearlessly inventive filmmaker alive -- but we knew that. And while Inglourious Basterds is never anything less than ridiculously entertaining, it's nothing Tarantino hasn't done before.
Inglourious Basterds transcends the war genre to become its own kind of unique picture: A bloody blast of pure movie bliss.
So long as you don't mind twisted history and elaborate riffs on genre convention, you should find that there's much to savor here, not least Waltz's magnetic villainy.
Inglourious Basterds is a social marker as startling as Easy Rider was in its day.
It's so hollow and protracted that it transforms mayhem into monotony.
an insane destruction of the war film
Is there another American filmmaker who takes such joy in telling stories and spinning cinematic spells as Quentin Tarantino?
Basterds is his fullest, richest and most complete novel. [Tarantino] presides over the tough material with the confidence of an artist who is done trying to impress everyone with gimmicks.
For all its stylistic flourishes and interlocking storylines, Inglourious Basterds is, at its bullet-riddled core, a bloody good war movie, twisting and twisted and full of wordy shrapnel but no less kickass for it.
Exciting, if uneven, exhilarating in the theme of Jewish empowerment and righteous revenge.
Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds is a big, bold, audacious war movie that will annoy some, startle others and demonstrate once again that he's the real thing, a director of quixotic delights.
Effort still matters and originality is too damn scarce to lightly dismiss. Inglourious Basterds has plenty of both to spare.
It's crazy, nasty fun, and pure unadulterated Tarantino.
It's a patient, layered, stupefying doozy of a motion picture. Once again Tarantino has come to bend the staples of cinema, and the results are characteristically spectacular.
May indeed be morally troublesome, but unlike, say, Death Proof, it's also fiendishly entertaining.
The movie's tone is dangerously close to triumphant, without the necessary satire or feeling to keep it from being smug and potentially offensive.
A well made film featuring one of the great performances of the year...
The film's real star is Christoph Waltz, who steals the show as Jekyll & Hyde inquisitor Hans Landa. He is a screwball menace, giggling one moment then strangling you the next
Pure Tarantino with the brash pop culture flourishes and disbelief suspension that entails, yet fine performances and memorable characters show real heart and thought behind Inglourious Basterds. I had a blast.
The film is long, certainly, but it's never dull; it's violent, of course, but hey, World War II was a violent business and war movies were never like this before.
This rollicking epic harks back to typical wordy Tarantino fare, with the added explicit violence that's to be expected from this cult director.
A two and half hour film made up of only a handful of beautifully crafted scenes. Superbly exagerated characters in high intensity moments. This is classic Tarantino.
What I like most about Inglourious Basterds is its unpredictability.
With its exploded notions of heroism, torture-rack dramatics and kamikaze gusto, it's a fiendishly entertaining flick.
Watching WWII through the eyes of Quentin Tarantino is infinitely more fun than the real thing; the results are unforgettable.
An accomplished work that can be partially described by its title, Inglourious Basterds is absolutely glorious.
A brawny, rollicking mash-up that is a passionate exploration of the power of filmmaking from one of our finest directors and writers.
Tarantino crams enough movie-loving passion into the film to keep you not just entertained but occasionally riveted. Above all else, it's a really enjoyable ride.
With Inglourious Basterds, Quentin Tarantino has made his best movie since Pulp Fiction. He has also made what could arguably be considered the most audacious World War II movie of all-time.
It's nasty and exhilarating stuff.
Inglourious is slow, dumb -- and in a first for QT in his cinema savant career -- incompetent.
Inglourious Basterds is a mixture that some will think is a masterpiece; others will think it an audacious hodgepodge. I think I'm among the latter.
QT manipulates WWII horror into hip pornography -- Jewish revenge looks just like the sadism in Eli Roth's Hostel movie. Our political and moral responses are discombobulated.
World War II was more serious, complex and horrifying than all this comic embellishment, but if I sound critical, I apologize in advance. I had a helluva time watching Inglourious Basterds.
Like all Quentin Tarentino movies, this feverish Jews-take-out-the-Nazis-during-World-War-II movie is really all about Quentin Tarentino. Not that that's necessarily a bad thing.
Tarantino's most polished work to date.
As is often the case with Tarantino's post-1990's output, great scenes are adrift in an undisciplined sea of ugly-spirited, juvenile self-indulgence.
Even if you wish Tarantino would calm down a bit and rely more on his considerable skills at straightforward storytelling, this World War II saga is undeniably suspenseful, violent and entertaining.
Energetic, inventive, swaggering fun, Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds is a consummate Hollywood entertainment -- rich in fantasy and blithely amoral.
Austrian actor Christoph Waltz creates the most compelling big-screen villain since Heath Ledger's Joker. An Oscar-worthy performance.
If only Quentin Tarantino the director weren't so completely in love with Quentin Tarantino the writer, Inglourious Basterds might have been a great movie rather than just a good movie with moments of greatness.
Quentin Tarantino is starting to remind me of late-stage Kubrick.
Every moment of genre-mashing, basking in the glow of left-field sound cues or funking up a scene's rhythm with unexpected edits has been a dress rehearsal of sorts for Inglourious Basterds.
[A] bleakly comic revenge fantasy... [that] is, hilariously, all about acknowledging the power of cinema: have your revenge, but have it on film...
Ballsy, brash and utterly committed to the revolutionary power of cinema, Inglourious Basterds is a completely remarkable film.
The movie is an ungainly pastiche, yet on some wacked-out Jungian level it's all of a piece.
Inglourious Basterds is not boring, but it's ridiculous and appallingly insensitive-a Louisville Slugger applied to the head of anyone who has ever taken the Nazis, the war, or the Resistance seriously.
This is a seriously provocative film.
Superbly acted and well constructed, each scene is paced to a chaotic climatic frenzy.
Tarantino understands that the key ingredient in a thriller is the suspense...it's the tension that thrills you, that makes you squirm and feel totally alive to the moment.
Tarantino seems to be scrutinizing his obsession with the cinema by cleverly placing it into an apt historical context.
Be prepared for unsettling shifts in pace and tone, be prepared to be shocked and amused, to laugh and guffaw and to be always surprised in this comic fantasy which is cheeky enough to reinvent history and has audiences clapping as it does so
A bold, gory and glorious cinematic fest liberally doused with humour, satire and entertainment value
A glourious rude mix 'n match of subtitles, nazi scalps, guerrilla cinema and testicle blood-soaked subterranean French cellar saloon shootouts, the film is a vintage QT Western European western. In other words, Tarantino's WWII heartfelt warsploit rocks.
A spellbinding picture that helps prove the superiority of historical fiction over documentaries.
Inglourious Basterds is Quentin Tarantino's Crash.
Austrian actor Christoph Waltz   triumphs, heroically, over Tarantino's brash, cine-drunk tall tale.
Basterds isn't a deep film -- honestly, what Tarantino flick is? -- but it has moments as sharp as a bayonet and as perverse as war itself.
...rarely have I ever been as satisfied with a film as I was with this one...[but] you should know what you're going to see....heads are bashed in with baseball bats and people are brutally murdered. If that's not your thing...
Every film that Quentin Tarantino makes is a cinematic event of mammoth proportions, and this one is no different. It lives up to the director's brilliant international reputation and accordingly so does he.
Hysterically fun and gloriously excessive, Quentin Tarantino's latest is right up there with Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill.
F**k I loved this movie!
In an age when everyone rushes to remake old movies and old TV shows and comic books and toys and whatever, Quentin [Tarantino] decided to remake World War II. And this time? It ends right.
Call it Pulp War Fiction--likely to divide critics, Tarantino's WWII fable interweaves little fact with much fiction, serving as a vessel for his playful, self-reflexive, postmodern commentary on a genre he knows and admires.
After some indulgent side trips (Grindhouse, Deathproof), Quentin Tarantino is back to form with this World War II fantasy fiasco. It's mad, it's bad and it's thoroughly entertaining, with some of the most disciplined storytelling Tarantino has produced.
Glorious.
Tarantino tries his hand at an international ensemble with some rather 'Inglourious' results.
By turns surprising, nutty, windy, audacious and a bit caught up in its own cleverness, the picture is a completely distinctive piece of American pop art with a strong Euro flavor that's new for the director.
This unashamed slice of Second World War hokum finds Quentin Tarantino in mischievous form as he takes on the Second World War with the driving force of a roller coaster ride.
An entertaining yet uneven movie that provides comedy, drama and some interesting psychological twists and turns, but never quite delivers on that 'men on a mission' promise.
'Subtle' is not a word in Tarantino's lexicon. At the film's heart is a fatal attempt to conflate fact with fiction and a celebration of vengeance that's misplaced and embarrassing.
With a confidence typical of its director, the last line of Inglourious Basterds is, "This might just be my masterpiece." While that may not be true, this is an often dazzling movie that sees QT back on exhilarating form.
Not enough scalps. While it's good and there are fun elements it's rather dialogue led than jam-packed with action.
It fails as conventional war movie, as genre spoof, as trash and as pulp.
It's a film that's only interested in film, a masterclass in gorgeously-constructed self-pastiche. Tarantino desperately needs an editor willing to trim his indulgences.
Tarantino swaps fact for pulp fiction; Quentin Tarantino has made a glorious, silly, blood-spattered return.
The film is by no means terrible but those things we think of as being Tarantino-esque, the long  stretches of wickedly funny dialogue, the humor in the violence and outsized  characters strutting across the screen, are largely missing.
Intermittently-inspired World War II epic ... the thread of the drama is left disjointed and the focus ever-changing.

@highlight

A classic Tarantino genre-blending thrill ride, Inglourious Basterds is violent, unrestrained, and thoroughly entertaining.