The enormously influential punk rock poet, her music and poetry, and the times in which she flourished are indeed best served by a cinematic style that remains determinedly impressionistic.
Sebring's drifting tone might leave you bemused, but take it as it comes and it's a captivating insight into modern music's godmother.
For all its transient black-and-white beauties, denies its subject the sort of solid context that would reveal the scale of her achievements. A patchy, frustrating, though loving tribute.
An extraordinarily intimate portrait of an extraordinary woman, Dream of Life charms despite being filmed through a sycophantic haze.
While it fails to place Smith's work and her significance in context, the film certainly captures her charisma, wit and passion.
There are flashes of insight and genuinely moving moments in this long, meandering, wildly indulgent movie record of poet and singer-songwriter Patti Smith.
Smith, an eloquent subject with a wry view on her life, generously pays tribute to such influential mentors as Dylan, Burroughs and Ginsberg. Her fans should be entranced.
Succeeds in making the 109 minute running time feel like at least eight of the eleven years he took to shoot the film.
...succeeds in showing Patti Smith as a talented, compassionate together woman who knows what she is and what she wants in life. Unfortunately, there was too much fodder mixed in to hold my interest...
Sebring took his time filming it and takes his time letting his film unfold, but he has captured it all with a lack of convention that mirrors its subject.
Patti Smith: Dream of Life vividly illustrates the rewards and pitfalls of a documentary film that is completely enamored of its subject.
That spirit of encountering the world with undying artistic curiosity -- and without a plan -- informs Dream of Life, a drifting portrait of Smith.
If you don't already own "Horses," this movie will make you want to go out and buy it. You'll also want to start surfing the Internet to fill in the blanks that Dream of Life fails to include.
There's a note of mourning in this otherwise celebratory film -- for punk rock, for New York, for reality, for a time when popular music was animated by something other than money.
Heavy on the gabba-gabba, light on the hey!
Gets extra credit for trying something different.
Dream of Life barely hints at the transformational energy that Smith exudes in person, but it does paint a portrait of a defiantly creative life.
Dream of Life takes a while to find its rhythm but once it does, it's riveting stuff.
Patti Smith: Dream of Life, fashion photographer Steven Sebring's impressionistic study of the most influential of punk poets, disarms and charms with its honesty.
Insufferable, endearing, pretentiously arty, bracingly direct, humorless, hilarious, oddly distant and strangely touching, but always compulsively watchable -- in other words, a fabulous contradictory mess, much like Smith herself.
When it comes to the music, Dream of Life almost makes up for all its other wandering failings.
Thanks to its meandering, achronological structure, we don't learn too many specifics of Smith's brilliant career, and only a die-hard fan will find all of it vitally interesting.
The film never penetrates beyond how Smith chooses to define herself. And the paltry amount of live performances is a crime.
I imagine you could call Dream of Life a loving meditation on a one-of-a-kind performer. And you don't have to be a Smith fan (I am one, by the way) to enjoy.
Few documentaries about living artists get as deep into their subject's brain and heart as this one about the rock priestess and poetess.
As long as Dream of Life stays an etude it is a lovely, emotional artifact.
The opportunity to introduce newbies to a serious music-world icon -- and her significance -- feels squandered.
Frequently beautiful and intermittently haunting.
Even the crudest punk rocker learned three chords (Smith brags of having five) before they plugged in an amp. Steven Sebring would have done better to have had a few lessons in editing and structure before picking up his camera.
Probably could have cut out 15 to 20 minutes without losing anything, but if you're even remotely interested in this fascinating and enigmatic artist or the influence she's had on the world of rock, then you might want to check it out.
A lovely, drifty first feature that feels less like a documentary and more like an act of rapturous devotion.
a schizophrenic case study
Problem is, there's nary a hint of context, even with biographic essentials.
Steven Sebring's gorgeous, up-close-and-personal doc about the legendary rocker is both a journey into Smith's storied past and a portrait of her life today.
The soul of one of rock's true poets is examined in an appropriately abstract way in Steven Sebring's black and white documentary that could have benefited from more of Patti Smith's songs and another pass in the editing room.
A series of elegiac episodes from the life and mind of the fantabulous rock n' roll chanteuse and poetess.
The titular rocker-poet gets a suitable portrait in Steven Sebring's Patti Smith: Dream of Life, which runs radically against the grain of American-made pop music docs.
A unique record of an artist's journey.

@highlight

Elegiac and personal, Patti Smith: Dream of Life paints an enduring and sometimes rough portrait of the titular chanteuse, complete with footage onstage and at home.