Less interested in analyzing São Paulo's place in the shaky Brazilian system than in jacking it up with shorthand, gawk-at-the-foreigners shocks
Despite the seriousness of the topic, Manda Bala may be the most visually creative film you will see this year.
To address the economic inequality of teeming Sao Paulo, Brazil, documentary maker Jason Kohn has joined several loosely related topics into a sort of rhetorical doughnut, leaving a hole in the center where his thesis should be.
Kohn takes [risks] in this convoluted but fascinating documentary -- and most of those choices pay off.
Kohn is a talented filmmaker and he's tackled a subject not seen before in documentary film, but you almost feel bludgeoned by the depressing state of Brazil instead of introduced to the problems there.
Fascinating, and presented with such panache that you can't help but get drawn in.
Kohn does a good job of bringing grim issues to light in a surprisingly entertaining manner. But maybe with a few more years of experience, he could make those issues resonate more fully.
Kohn, who shot Manda Bala in lush widescreen format and makes deft use of Brazilian pop music to give the film a cleverly incongruous soundtrack, is intent on making a picture that is as visceral to watch as it is to contemplate.
Kohn has produced an astonishingly honest and frankly shocking documentary.
Artful framing and 23 peppy songs on the soundtrack lend a gloss to subject matter that alternately repels and fascinates...
We see where this is going early on; by the end, despite the film's beautiful cinematography, persuasive subjects and ironically upbeat soundtrack, we just feel bludgeoned.
Manda Bala (Send a Bullet), a documentary about corruption, crime and human adaptation during difficult circumstances, is a slick, sly and beautifully shot documentary.
A documentary that works like a puzzle.
Wow, bet the Brazilian Tourism Board hates this movie.
With a keen eye for wide-screen imagery, Kohn captures the personalities of his interview subjects.
The movie has a great flashiness -- copter shots that swoop over Sao Paulo; swift, playful editing; and pop-operatic sequences driven by catchy songs.
It's thrilling viewing throughout, but Kohn's talents don't yet match his ambitions.
In the end, Kohn's one-note approach diminishes, rather than intensifies, the impact of Manda Bala.
The 'characters' in Manda Bala are lucid and deliberate as they tell their stories and relate their points-of-view, but it is the construction of the film that sets it apart and multiplies its impact.
A predictable expose' of a foreign country with a dictatorship that encourages the most violent of crimes. But how far away is America?
This is a mesmerizing, tense, exciting documentary that makes one appreciate life in America.
Made with energy and style...
Artful editing, an electric samba soundtrack and harrowingly grainy ransom videos give Manda Bala a formal kick that's rare in a documentary.
The director, a New Yorker of South American extraction named Jason Kohn, serves up a bewildering, yet seldom uninteresting, assortment of subjects.
Kohn's genius for access is astonishing.
It's Philip K. Dick's worst nightmare.
Lurid, fascinating, sickening, and eye-opening.
Even with its occasional faults, Manda Bala does what documentaries do best - illuminate an intellectual or social situation that our otherwise narrow Western viewpoint would never even consider.
The concerns of 'Manda Bala' are admirable, but its selective reality is so far from almost any viewer's conceivable experience as to verge on caricature.
Peculiar structural decisions result in a documentary that alternates between mildly informative and grossly voyeuristic.
Despite structural problems (too many disparate strands) and sensationalistic style and music, this docu offers a new, powerful angle on Brazil's social problems of poverty and technology, violence and crime by centering on the haves and the haves-not
A weird hybrid of political exposé and sensationalistic fluff.
The picture walks on air describing inexcusable violations of political faith and public safety, brilliantly forming a claustrophobic visual representation of a country struggling to live under the growing cancer of crime.
borders on thoughtless
Tends to be rather disparate and all over the place ... examines the problems without offering any form of solution.
Kohn takes seemingly disjointed and mildly bizarre elements to create a crafty, infuriating portrait of a society seemingly poised, like a scorpion, to be consumed by its own toxins.
Kohn's film brilliantly depicts the Brazilian financial capital of São Paulo as a hallucinatory Blade Runner realm of the present.
A scary documentary about the violence occurring in Sao Paulo, Brazil, where the chasm between the super-rich and the poor is growing more obscene day by day.
With an excess of excitable style, samba music, and heady, montage-driven metaphor that threatens to bury his film's key ideas, young-gun director Kohn So far, he's succeeded.
In an account that is by turns funny, shocking, and revolting, director Jason Kohn documents the state of modern-day Brazil, ravaged by poverty, horrendous crime, and political corruption.
Once you get past the gore, Manda Bala makes a powerful statement about the consequences of wanting the good life at any cost.
Jason Kohn's gripping Manda Bala (Send a Bullet) is the opposite of a high-school science doc.
Shunning depth for cosmetic thrills, Kohn doesn't ask us to seriously think about Brazil's contemporary malaise, only to groove to it.
Using real film (unusual in a doc), director Kohn avoids the trap of endless talking heads giving dramatic form to the crime and corruption endemic in Brazil.
Manda Bala effectively captures the enormous class divide in Third World Brazil, and the unarticulated simmering class tensions that the oblivious upper classes seem to take pains in denying.
Crammed into a lively 85-minute package delivered with loads of dark humor and cinematic flair.




@highlight

The exciting and fast-paced documentary Manda Bala shows many sides of Brazil -- from the humorous and upbeat to the violent and disturbing.