The first movie was all about possibility. The second was about making a decision. Before Midnight is about consequences. Together they are a fascinating look at how we live and love.
... what makes this chapter more discomforting (and more profound) is not the accuracy but honesty of their bottled-up resentment, while the lilting rhythms of their conversations and digressions and Linklater's gently graceful direction draws us in ...
While the film has certainly satisfied many audiences and critics across the board, I was left very cold and bewildered, questioning what I even saw.
Beautifully bittersweet, gloriously funny and achingly real; the older Jesse and Céline get, the more likeable they become.
What Before Midnight understands about relationships - and what virtually no other mainstream film is willing to acknowledge - is that getting together is the easy part. Staying together is hard.
The film is an absolute marvel, showcasing the very best dialogue and capturing the sheer essence of acting brilliance from stars Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy.
'Before Midnight' has all the best qualities of 'Sunrise' and 'Sunset' (a love of conversational dialogue, long takes that value the joy of performance and interaction, gorgeous European locations), yet it is a grander and more complicated achievement.
The Greek ruins, once the perfect backdrop for ancient tragedies, now complement the Bergman-esque domestic discord and disillusionment that are about to unfurl.
Everything about Before Midnight rings wonderfully and achingly true.
Hawke and Delpy, who co-wrote the screenplay with Linklater, make this oscillation between badinage and feistiness, cosiness and irritability, look effortless.
The chemistry is so good it is pratically tactile and their conversations, in the natural way of long-term couples, are free-ranging and show how at times of high emotion, arguments and resentment can resurface suddenly to powerful effect.
The previous two pictures were preoccupied with romantic ideals, but this is the real love story. So funny and so wise, it's about how happily ever after is harder than it looks.
If you have been with Jesse and Celine through the twists and turns, slips and stumbles of their romantic journey then their long, flowing, deceptively gripping conversations ripple with the realities of life.
Maybe we'll see more of them in another nine years. But if not, if things end here in this perfect trilogy, then that's enough to consider it as perhaps the greatest cinematic love story of all time.
Their persistent aggravation with each other indicates so much time spent together, so much intimacy and so little self-knowledge. (They misunderstand each other so well.)
This is a universal X-ray of bourgeois love, one that in a few decades will get around to something like Amour.
This film explores the complexities and complications of modern love and life in an international setting with dialog that is smart and elegant, but it lacks the romance and sense of place featured in the first two films.
The movie's funny at times and difficult at others, and ends absolutely perfectly. The best of the three.
Delpy and Hawke talk and talk and talk but it is all fascinating.
An excellent statement (and warning) about the dangers of being in love with love.
Hawke and Delpy emerge multi-dimensional and riddled with flaws. In a long-term relationship, you may think you know what the other is thinking, but do you ever really know?
Like the other two, this is a film that breathes. It just holds on a little more before it's willing to exhale.
Like the Up series, a return to visit old friends
Making a movie with nothing more than smart dialogue and fine performances is a dying art, but Linklater, Hawke and Delpy remind us that it's a skill worth saving.
Before Midnight feels like the natural extension of the series, and will be everything fans of it could have hoped for.
The trouble with those first two film was their souffle-light scenarios...Here, however, things are much juicier as infidelity, commitment, divorce, resentment and all the other soul-sapping things that clock in when you hit your 40s come into play.
...in the surprising third act, the film comes together as a plausible horror show of how good intentions and real affection can give way to vicious, realistic psychic combat. (
...Before Midnight bears too few similarities to its thoroughly superior predecessors.
The reason this film will hold your attention for two hours is because of the natural dialogue between Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy.
Before Midnight is like an old friend who has grown sharper and grumpier and saltier with life; and for students of cinema, the film is a masterclass in the use of the language and tools of this amazing artform to portray human nature
The beauty of this film - like the two before - is its natural flow of conversation and ability to engage and transport us into the moment
The release of each sequel is becoming an event, so it's particularly great to see Before Midnight not only meeting expectations but raising the bar.
It's a brave, challenging and essential installment in what is one of modern cinema's finest trilogies.
The beauty of this film - like the two before - is its natural flow of conversation and ability to engage and transport us into the moment
Before Midnight is no romance. It's a horror movie.
Takes its traditional romantic tale into more insightful territories.
Hawk and Delpy know just how to get under your skin. Their onscreen alter egos fit like a glove, and witnessing their ageing, nagging, toying love is a true privilege.
What lifts Linklater's trilogy above your average dialogue-heavy indie is not just the intelligence of the conversation but its frankness and humor.
There's not a hint of melodrama or falsity in the Before series.
The 'Before' trilogy is a vacation for me. I am taken away, and it is never for long enough. I genuinely feel lucky to have these movies.
I'm not sure this is the end of Richard Linklater's 'Before' trilogy. It's perfection just as it is, but then again, Linklater has nine more years to work on the sequel.
Loving words mix with personal attacks, the magic moments with the unintended slights, as we witness the occasional desperation of imperfect people doing the best they can when life moves beyond meet-cute and courtship. That's authentic.
Linklater and his players bring an end to the fantasy and welcome the thrilling ups and bitter downs of reality to this love story.
Like the first two films, it reflects the real world in a way that seems almost preternatural. It's just that, here, the real world is a harsher, more disappointing place.
The duo, clearly so comfortable in their characters' skin, indulge in intelligent banter, sharp humour and emotional truths.
So much better written than contemporary novels, this film is a literary as well as cinematic achievement to cherish. For grown-ups.
As before, it's often very funny, with Jesse and Celine swapping Woody Allen-esque one-liners - nicely snarky, appealingly abrasive.
The acting, the dialogue and direction are superb.
None of the films is faultless in itself, but, tinted with complementary tones, the complete cycle comes as close to perfection as any trilogy in cinema history.
Marvelous. It's impossible to shake the feeling that we are merely eavesdropping on reality. Witty, wise, and -- most important of all -- truly romantic in ways that movies usually aren't.
It's been 18 years since Hawke, Delpy and Linklater introduced us to Jesse and Celine, and their story just gets richer, funnier and more punchy each time we see them. In 1995's Before Sunrise, they were idealistic 23-year-olds.
Hawke and Delpy are as believably real as any screen couple can ever be.
This is one of the few sequels for which the cliche 'eagerly awaited' is truly applicable.
Predictably, it's just as great as the first two.
By the end, Before Midnight inches towards a dawn of charm. But it's a troubled trip.
As an organic experiment in collaboration between actors and director, it is a triumph, co-created and co-owned by Delpy, Linklater and Hawke.
Hawke and Delpy, who are both credited on the script too, have never found co-stars to bounce off more nimbly or bring out richer nuances in their acting.
The performances and dialogue are wonderfully naturalistic; a reminder that the best special effects are often the cheapest.
Before Midnight is about the nature of long-term relationships, and the way love deepens and grows but also finds itself subject to the complications of maturity. Smart, insightful, and poignant.
For those who witnessed Jesse and Celine's tentative getting together as inter railing students almost twenty years ago, it's reassuring to see them still in love.
Brilliantly directed, superbly written and impeccably acted, this is a thoroughly enjoyable, thought-provoking and emotionally engaging drama that perfectly complements the previous two films.
It remains as engaging, illuminating, honest and funny as its predecessor; here's hoping we revisit Jesse and Céline in another decade or so.
Hawke and Delpy remain as charming as ever, and their combined goofiness is more endearing than annoying.
Nine-year gaps between films would sink a studio franchise, but the unforgiving impact of time and the slipperiness of its mysterious mental record, memory, are the very subjects of 'Before Midnight.'
Contains more shrewd and candid insights than many Hollywood midlife crisis dramas.
A couple persistently digging at each other might have been insufferable to watch except that Hawke and Delpy manage to be goofy, funny, witty and charming, even while they're fighting.
A bit tarter than its predecessors, but not skimping on their woozy, chatty charm, this perfectly played, gently incisive film is a welcome new chapter in one of cinema's most beguiling ongoing romances.
Director Richard Linklater's life-affirming Before trilogy is the Lord of the Rings of the art-house experience, the Toy Story of the American indie movement.
Whatever wins Best Picture for 2013 ... long after that film's glory fades, actors, writers, cinephiles, and lovers will still lavish Before Midnight with praise.
It's a brutal parade of heartbreak and mind-rake that leaves you curled up and wound up in a ball, covering your eyes but peeking through parted fingers.
"Before Midnight" presents a paradox: It's the best entry in director Richard Linklater's romantic trilogy, but it's also the first in the series that doesn't leave me dying to know what happens next.
Awesome, authentic examination of a constantly evolving romantic relationship, it's a definite 'must see' for adult audiences.
Before Midnight is a beautiful reminder that a movie with nothing more than two people talking can have just as many explosions and fireworks as any high-tech summer blockbuster.
Before Midnight understands that when love falters it isn't with a bang but a long protracted sigh. It's a perceptive and humbling view of romance that debunks all notions of fairy tale endings.
...We are not likely to get a more thoughtful or thought-provoking film than Before Midnight.
"Before Midnight" puts us in the same position with Jesse and Celine that they are in with each other. The romantic idealism has evaporated, and now we see them for who they are - real, deeply flawed, sometimes selfish people. Can we still love them?
Hawke and Delpy inhabit these characters with such ease and credibility that it takes no effort to become emotionally invested in their story.
Love is messy here, life cannot be controlled, satisfaction is far from guaranteed. Romance is rocky at best. But romance still is.
The movie is a great romantic story because it bravely displays the downside of love in which two people can expose each other in the most personal fashion yet still remain committed.
I think the trilogy has come to its natural conclusion: However you interpret the ending, we've spent enough time with these two people.
The dialogue is never dull or one-sided; these are intelligent, articulate people, given to debate and philosophizing.
Though "Before Midnight" is often uncomfortable to watch, it's never less than mesmerizing - and ultimately, a joy to walk with this prickly but fascinating couple again.
"Before Midnight" is heartbreaking, but not because of Jesse and Celine. It's the filmmakers' passions that seem to have cooled.
The series has gotten gradually better as it's gone along, with the stars developing a genuine rapport that helps to eliminate any hint of self-indulgence.
The performances and dialogue are so good that it's quite possible to overlook what an elegant and fluid film Linklater has made
Hawke, Delpy and director Richard Linklater strike sparks like never before and, in the process, question everything Jesse and Celine have gone through - even the notions of fate and true love that brought them together.
If you've grown old with these characters, "Before Midnight" is an exhilarating and breathtakingly nervy experience.
A Bracing Look at the Realities if Lovve
... everyone who saw Before Sunrise in a theater has closely guarded secrets and lies barely covered beneath the surface. Before Midnight dissects the moment when, under the right conditions, those subterranean flammables combust ...
A more-than-worthy, expectations-exceeding chapter in one of modern cinema's finest love stories. As honest, convincing, funny, intimate and natural as its predecessors.
Before Midnight is as wondrous as sequels get; a warm and winning addition to a saga I'm now hoping continues in perpetuity.
Before Midnight is fascinating to watch, and so long as Celine and Jesse are communicating, there's still hope.
A fictional, romantic version of the British "Up" series and a unique collaboration between actors and director.
Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy shine in what has to be the most genuine, brutally honest, and romantic tale of love in all of film history. Linklater has made a crowning achievement!
How (Jesse and Celine) try to rekindle that flame is what drives Midnight, a film that feels so authentic it's like overhearing a conversation you're not sure you should be hearing.
Having created and aged into their characters, both Delpy and Hawke are superb at doing what professional actors find so difficult - not seeming to act.
The problem I have...is that the actors are so comfortable in their roles, the cease to be real.
Offers a remarkably intimate and provocative study of a marriage.
Not since the 1950s, and movies such as The Best Years of Our Lives, have we seen such an adult treatment of long-term relationships in American cinema, all of which makes Before Midnight as refreshing as it is smart, and as bold as love itself.
Lovely. Insightful. Sad. Funny.
If the first two films belong with the greatest (if talkiest) movie romances of all time, the new film is richer, riskier, and more bleakly perceptive about what it takes for love to endure (or not) over the long haul.
From moment to moment, the concerns of this frank and funny movie seem small, but the subject proves to be love, the biggest one of all.
Hawke and Delpy, who co-wrote the screenplay with Linklater, have the sort of rapport that makes you believe they've loved each other for years. This makes it all the more painful when they start to drift apart.
The conclusion of a trilogy that...has subtly depicted the birth, growth and maturation of a man-woman relationship with its inevitable vacillations between affection, sacrifice, self-concern and acrimony.
One of the best films of 2013 and the irresistible climax to Richard Linklater's trilogy of on-the-run amour.
Linklater makes use of unshowy direction and natural improvisation from his leads, who both get co-writing credits, creating a remarkably unforced picture of love kindled and rekindled.
It's not that Delpy and Hawke don't have the chemistry, they're terrific together, but their overemphatic ways feel false in a film that's endeavoring for realism.
Implacable and illusory, contingent on bodies and beliefs, time moves for the characters in Before Midnight, and maybe more importantly it moves for you, too.
...a bright, good-humored, and painfully combative love story that stings more than it soothes.
It's hard to remember another film where the ache of life's passing, and the ghostly memory of youthful freedoms has been more piercingly evoked.
...the sense of intimacy and urgency that was so palpable in the earlier films is lessened here.
American cinema has only rarely produced a pair of entangled lovers as flawlessly lived-in and carefully observed.
What a remarkable film it is --- filled with laughter, love at its best and worst, and moments of poignancy that make you weep.
They could probably do a fourth film, call it "Before 3:15 A.M.", and still be more entertaining than most of the movies available today.
We're happy to go along for the ride.
This one is a slowly evolving quarrel between two people who know each other inside out, delivered with the same intelligence and discernment but, as you might imagine, something of a cold shower.
Think of it, in the best way possible, as an intellectual's midlife crisis movie, which resonates all the more because we've known them - and aged along with them - for the last 18 years.
If [these characters are] less honest with each other, the film is, in turn, more honest about them.
Lacks the sweeping romanticism of "Before Sunrise," replaced by the realities of one's day-to-day existence in a world where things don't always turn out the way one imagines, or hopes. Such is life.
With this series, each film deepens the meaning and sensibility of the story so that now, as one whole, they are one of the most romantic stories in the history of film.
Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are both fine actors, but you'd be hard pressed to sit engrossed in a conversation between any actors that goes on for more than a couple of minutes. Usually. But not here.
As witty and charming as ever, with a healthy raw dose of a marriage in trouble
Their discussions have the rhythm of real life, as likely to generate nods of recognition from couples in the audience as start a fight between them on the way home.
Linklater and his actors expose small fissures with an admirable subtlety.
What Linklater, Delpy and Hawke have achieved with their trilogy is at once fluidly cinematic and novelistic, with stories behind the stories and possible endings beyond the endings we're given.
Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy come off as if they were conjoined for the past nine years in the gloriously-acted, hypnotically-conversational conclusion to the Before Sunrise trilogy -- the year's first legit contender for awards season love.
I found it comforting, even cathartic, to know that even 'the most perfect couple' can have its moments of stress and strain when put to the test by the everyday world.
The last 40 minutes consisting of acute, sharp, and biting dialogue reminiscent of 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf' make sitting through the excruciating first hour worth it.
Brilliant, mature third chapter to heartfelt romantic saga.
Truth is beauty, and beauty truth, but they're not necessarily romantic nine years into a serious committed relationship with two kids in the backseat.
The Before series has steadily gotten better as it goes along, which is more than any but the most optimistic among us dare to hope for from love.
Before Midnight is the fullest and richest and saddest of the three movies in the trilogy.
the actual give-and-take between the characters is uncomfortably emotionally accurate, which means it will make an excellent, if challenging, date movie for both new and old couples.
No matter how long the gap between movies has been or how completely the characters' lives have changed, when Jesse and Celine turn to each other and start one of their famously epic conversations, it feels like no time has passed at all.
A life-affirming, emotionally captivating and rewarding experience. It treats the audience like sophisticated, mature adults---a demographic that has been sorely neglected by Hollywood nowadays.
The combination of high-level performance and subtle construction, in a picture in which nothing blows up, is actually thrilling.
If I were only allowed to see one movie this year, I'd want it to be Before Midnight. If I were only allowed two trips to a theater this year, I'd see it twice.
It's a wildly uneven enterprise, overall.
While not the most fun or sexiest film in this trilogy -- do you want to watch mom and dad fight for 30 minutes straight? -- it's easily the most necessary, and it's the logical extension of where this relationship story should and must go.
The actors have mastered these roles, and Linklater's observational style is so perfected that they could go on speaking for hours
You feel how much is at stake when they argue, how real the damage they inflict, and you can't shake it off. It's a spectacular movie.
Such is the power of the final scenes that the trio would be more than justified in launching a fourth film sometimes in the next five years or so.
If anything, the films have only gotten better by letting the relationship marinate. "Midnight's" more disgruntled edge reflects what creeps up on couples as years pass, regrets stack up, kids factor in, real life intervenes.
Whether they're taking a lengthy car trip or strolling through a Greek village, their badinage is so organic that you'd never guess the two had written, much less rehearsed, all this dialogue.
Bittersweet, intelligently written, deftly acted and painfully honest.
Fireworks of authentic dialogue, emotion, and the madness of love reach a crescendo of palpable joie de vivre in "Before Midnight."
Before Midnight surpasses the two previous films in this trilogy in terms of its intelligence, narrative design, and vivacity. It's a grand accomplishment, and I feel greedy about wanting to see this film series continue.
The 'walking and talking' aesthetic of the first two films has settled down a bit here, now more sedentary with age and, ironically, it's when we first follow the two walking again that the film hits a snag.
Delpy and Hawke, who've invested this trilogy with the fine shadings of life lived, do extraordinary things with small moments.
It is a bold work that could come only from a strong trust and faith forged over time between the three collaborators.
Mr. Linklater's shooting style is so graceful and unobtrusive, and Mr. Hawke and Ms. Delpy inhabit their characters with such conviction, that the challenge and originality of the movies are easy to overlook.
From first scene to last, Hawke and Delpy shine brilliantly, wearing their roles like second skins.
Never less than compelling, generally entertaining and sometimes piercing. The acting matches the script: incisive, unshowy, yet fiercely honest.
Jesse and Celine's path of self- and mutual-discovery strikes true and lovely in this third go-round.
Now that we know what was coming, nine years later and then nine years later, Sunrise is like a six-sided die turning into a 20-sided die.
As before, Linklater, Hawke and Delpy find marvellous fluidity as we follow this couple around a Greek island, listening to a conversation that's hilarious, emotional and powerfully resonant.
In the process of justifying its own existence, Before Midnight redeems the very notion of sequels.
A couple on the cusp of a mid-life crisis talk their way through a storm of disappointments, resentments, and flash points in their 18-year relationship.
Not only as good as the first two, it's arguably better, tackling weightier, trickier issues - as in, mature everyday love - with wit, humor and breathtaking directness.
Finding romance is easy. Staying together is hard. Making a movie this warm, funny, and rigorously truthful about lovers trying to remain partners is even harder.
The strength of Before Midnight is how real everything feels.
It's not just darker than the previous two films. It's bigger, deeper, and more searching.
This all-too rare movie elicits myriad emotions: not just from the couple pounding their way as they approach middle age, but from us, watching them. Not the least of which is, "man, do they know how to fight!"
This third chapter hits new highs as Richard Linklater gets down and dirty about the challenges of long-term commitment. The ongoing saga of Jesse and Celine makes for one of the most engaging love stories in contemporary cinema.
Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy's chemistry is off the charts in Before Midnight, a brutally honest look into the relationships of today which will have you flipping from happy to sad with a simple change in conversational tone.
With awesome comic timing by two incredible actors, this film demonstrates more than any other recent movie the supreme importance of the screenwriter.
It can't be stressed how refreshing it is to be treated at the multiplex like a person with a brain.
Proceed with caution and tissues, and possibly wearing armor.
Before Midnight counts on our previous investment to keep us riveted. We are.
It's a study in relationships, and will leave plenty for couples to chat about afterwards...let's hope your conversations feel as authentic as the ones in the film.
It's painful and beautiful and true, and like many relationships, you'll ask yourself: "WHY AM I STILL IN THIS?"
Belo por reconhecer que mesmo histórias de amor com um início tão lindo quanto a vivida por Jesse e Celine são obrigadas, justamente por serem bem-sucedidas, a lidar com o desgaste imposto pela vida real que se seguirá.
A masterful examination of life, love, regret, secrecy, passion, and the need for two people to retain personal identities along with their identification as a couple.
These films have always been about the power of words, their ability to bridge gulfs of time and space, the thrill of ideas and opinions taking definitive shape.
When the lists of the greatest trilogies are made, Linklater, Hawke & Delpy's deserves to rank alongside LOTR, Christopher Nolan's Batman and the original Star Wars as one of the most epic of all. Because it is about all of us, the world and everything.
A grown up, mature work in every sense of the phrase Before Midnight is that rare sequel among sequels - the one which continues to better that which has come before it.
Linklater anatomizes Celine and Jesse at nine-year intervals, at ages 23, 32, and 41, and like all of his best movies, this one is a torrent of talk poured out in a scant handful of locations.
Before Midnight is one of those dialogue-driven indie dramas that make you appreciate the medium of film.
an emotional workout, nearly flawless in execution
"Before Midnight just destroyed me."
An emotionally astute and tremendously enjoyable conclusion to this rather improbable trilogy.
Hangups, regrets and doubts have have become a greater part of Jesse and Celine's lives, and the film reflects that. But it also reminds us what made the couple such a lovable pair that they could hold our interest for 20 years.
Just like catching up with old friends...
Before Midnight left me nearly breathless. The script (credited to Linklater, Delpy, & Hawke) perfectly captures the complexity of marriage in ways that have rarely been portrayed on film.
Before Midnight, by design, is a more difficult and nuanced exercise, showing how ardour can last despite the pain and disappointment that has built up. Perhaps that's why it's so gratifying that this is also easily the funniest film in the series.
One of the great movie romances of the modern era achieves its richest and fullest expression in Before Midnight.
Admirers of the first two films will feel pangs of nostalgia and a residual warmth for its charismatic leads, but as an extension to the series it feels forced and unnecessary.
Though this stage is harder to watch, audiences who have aged along with Celine and Jesse will treasure this new episode.

@highlight

Building on the first two installments in Richard Linklater's well-crafted Before trilogy, Before Midnight offers intelligent, powerfully acted perspectives on love, marriage, and long-term commitment.