This dank, dark and disturbing psychological horror film is a remake of a Hideo Nakata chiller, but the film it most evokes is Roman Polanski's Repulsion, another tale of mental instability and bad real estate.
The supporting characters, in fact, are the most enjoyable part of the film, often more enjoyable than Connelly or Gade, each taking great advantage of their scenes to create real people in a short space of time.
Evolves from a supernatural mystery to a truly sad tragedy...
Esteemed Brazilian director Walter Salles ("The Motorcycle Diaries") falls flat on his face on his first Hollywood outing with a horror movie that will bore you to tears.
Unfortunately, the supernatural element is underplayed to the extent that the story almost became nothing more than a domestic drama.
This murky urban ghost story about a possible haunted hi rise of horrors, basically lets the all-natural creepiness already native to its NYC landscape just do its deadly thing, likely intensified by 9/11's architectural carnage.
A moody, quirky movie that, although flawed, is worth a walk to the theatre in a gentle rain.
The gore-free Dark Water tries hard to establish a creepy atmosphere, but instead winds up being slow moving with not much happening.
A mature film about the courage it takes to survive in a mortal world that's dependent on temporary relationships.
Equal parts quiet, creepy, tragic, and visually gorgeous, Dark Water might be one of the best movies of 2005 that nobody went to see.
I found Dark Water slow and gloomy, with a lengthy buildup to a less-than-satisfying conclusion.
Un filme bien hecho, mucho mejor actuado y que, a pesar de ser innecesario, logra firmemente su cometido.
A top drawer cast working with a bottom drawer screenplay confirms my distaste for Japanese 'girl, long black hair and water' horror movies.
The movie isn't so much scary as it is unsettling, but the script lets viewers off the hook with a climax that's both incoherent and preposterous.
Se você valoriza a construção consistente de um clima de melancolia e tensão, dificilmente se decepcionará.
[E]xecuted just about as well as it possibly could be ... 'Dark Water' sinks under the weight of its rampant and ... laughable predictability.
A watered-down version of the Japanese original, Salles's remake is still an enjoyable, atmospheric horror flick, with strong performances from its cast.
...nicely atmospheric, but the atmosphere isn't quite enough to sustain interest in the absence of fright.
As far as American remakes of Japanese horror flicks go, this one's better than either The Ring or The Grudge.
Interesting and unsettling, but never terrifying.
[Connelly] does superior work creating a woman struggling to be a good mother while feeling like she's falling to pieces.
Dark Water is a failure as a horror movie.
Dark Terror. Salles' thriller this year's best.
It's about as terrifying as having Sigmund and the Sea Monsters for neighbors, only minus the genuinely horrific Sid and Marty Krofft costumes.
[Jennifer] Connelly's assured performance as the devoted mom struggling to stay afloat in a watery hellhole makes up for the lack of serious scares.
Because it's not a festival of horrors, there's time for viewers to notice how well-made it is.
Almost as murky as its title "Dark Water" earns an average rating amidst other - and mostly lesser - PG-13-rated horror movies.
Jennifer Connelly gives another wrenching and indelible turn.
Smarter, creepier, and better than expected.
a stylish cut above most of the recent J-horror remakes - but once again it seems that the waters of Asian ghost stories flow purer, deeper and darker at source.
Brazilian director Walter Salles' first Hollywood project is both a chilling ghost story and a heart-pulling drama.
The difference between Dark Water and most of its forebears is the way it values emotional investment over cheap shocks.
This slow-paced art film of some considerable merit has bamboozled its way into multiplexes by masquerading as a straight horror picture.
Connelly's terrific performance enhances this quietly atmospheric ghost story.
It fails to deliver the narrative thrill twists its origins would promise.
Pervasively chilling but never frightening.
I think it's finally time to call a moratorium on American remakes of Japanese horror films.
Japan's chief horror export used to be a giant fire-breathing lizard who smashed cities and destroyed things. Now it's damp girls who crawl around and harass new homeowners.
Nobody plays vulnerable better than Jennifer Connelly
Salles' remake seems driven by an ailing liver.
The Pang Brothers' The Eye and Gore Verbinski's The Ring were better remakes of Dark Water than this.
A creepy feel isn't everything. A horror must be scary to be successful.
A fine, atmospheric example of psychic horror. The grey grimness of it serves the creepy shenanigans of undeparted spirits.
The horror of this mostly horrorless movie consists of the title water gushing from every plumbing orifice available. It may be icky but it sure isn't scary.
A tepid startle-fest, with fairly run-of-the-mill scares that leave no lasting impression.
...a horror film that suffers from a lack of commitment. Its story and characters are as murky as the water that flows endlessly throughout it.
Almost worse than these competing illogics, the film offers what might be the embodiment of logic, a lawyer.
Jennifer Connelly's haunting performance as a woman engulfed in an aura of desperation makes it impossible not to empathize with the character she portrays.
Dark Water proves that the horrors of the human condition are just as frightening, if not more so, than all things that go drip in the night.
Working from and intensely emotional screenplay by Fearless scribe Rafael Yglesias, this is a superbly internalized drama intent on dealing with the harshest of human sensations.
Dark Water holds your attention while viewing it, but doesn't fully resonate.
About half-way through the movie, I wanted to stand up and scream, 'Okay, I get it! Jennifer Connelly is a great actor! Can we just get on with the story, please?'
Dark Water is much more ambitious and classy than the advertising would lead you to believe. It deserves to find an audience of discerning moviegoers.
Like so many recent thrillers of this ilk, many of them in some way exploiting the 'innocence' of childhood -- the dumb and unpleasant Hide and Seek springs to mind -- Dark Water falls apart in the wind-down.
As we call it around the FilmStew water cooler, "The Second in a Series of Jennifer Connelly's Attempts to Find Reasonably Priced Real Estate."
A tasteful but unremitting bummer and yet one more case of an Oscar-winning actress proving that she can still do the kinds of disposable movies big awards are supposedly meant to banish from your résume forever.
Dark Water has more substance and a more interesting look than many horror films, but the familiar elements of the story disappoint.
An intelligent, brooding ghost story brimming with atmosphere, emotions and, above all else, water, but it's disappointingly short on scares.
Working from a premise that's not only thin but transparent, Salles struggles mightily to generate tension in any other way possible.
This is an eerie, relentlessly grim, invasive little movie -- a tone poem of despair that seeps into you like the damp.
A mostly faithful adaptation of a scary little story: A mother and her young daughter, needing to save money as the mother negotiates an unhappy divorce, move into a depressing, dark apartment.
It's not bad, horrible or embarrassing; it just doesn't completely add up or send people out feeling like they've seen something special.
[A] skillfully crafted psychological thriller.
About as much fun as riding in a broken-down elevator.
Confined by the supposed thrills and chills of pseudo-J-horror, the film's allegorical depth remains, unlike all the ooze saturating Connelly's digs, hopelessly clogged.
...maintains a creepy vibe, mainly by emphasizing the sort of creepiness that exists on life's edge.
This whole down-tempo, static, kiddie doppelganger genre is just about out of steam, and even the filmmakers seem to sense it.
It's so lacking in heartfelt frights or cheap scares that the few real hair-raising moments, in the finale, don't pay off.
It's good to see [Salles] getting a chance to direct in Hollywood, and pleasant to have a scary movie that features adults and a fine, vulnerable actress.
Walter Salles' haunted-apartment thriller Dark Water doesn't sink like a stone, but for a movie with such a pedigreed director and a cast headed by Jennifer Connelly, it doesn't exactly float much above mediocrity, either.
Seductively spooky.
As a scare film, it's a dud.
While this umpteenth variation on the 'supernatural-or-psychological?' horror film theme has an interesting pedigree, mature style and muted tone, it goes nowhere special as if running through molasses.
What keeps the film alive and more than a little nerve-wracking are a terrific cast and director Walter Salles, who creates a powerfully oppressive mood that meshes seamlessly with the inner turmoil of troubled mom Dahlia.
Dark Water may be long on atmosphere and short on genuine horror (or even surprises), but there are three reasons to eventually check out Walter Salles' remake of the 2002 Japanese horror movie of the same name.
Despite a really good cast, the film never turns into the spine-tingler we expect.
Despite spinning a convincing tale in the first two acts, Salles' final act is so awkwardly staged, with its multiple endings and brutal tragedy, that the overall result is as murky as the discoloured water of the metaphorical title.
Salles seems too uncomfortable with the fantastic to get full value from the creeps and jumps his camerawork delivers.
[Salles] has managed to create a movie that's pretty bleak for a Hollywood -- especially Disney -- thriller.
Dark Water is a murky business indeed, painfully sloooow, absurdly derivative and just plain embarrassing for the wealth of talented people involved in it.
In a time when American acting icons like Robert De Niro and Jane Fonda take roles in junk and call it good fun, Connelly shows us how an actor can respect commercial moviemaking and her craft.
This Americanized remake of a 2002 Japanese horror film can't make up its mind whether to be a drama or a thriller.
Narrowly focused and appropriately claustrophobic, Dark Water creates believability by balancing life's small annoyances with darker, more malignant events.
This film is a wilter.
The film's greatest mystery turns out to be: Why, with so much talent, does Dark Water never cross the tipping point?
Until it sputters to a nonsensical close, the film is a spooky entertainment.
The pacing is a little slow and the intensity needs to be cranked up a notch or two, but it has more emotion than your typical horror stories.
Ripped directly off from the writer's own work (The Ring 2), this one is a horror film about bad plumbing...wow. I'm scared.
Nearly everything about Dark Water seems at once familiar and inscrutable.
Where is a good exorcist plumber when you need one?
a throwback to the urban-paranoia thrillers of the late 1960s and the early 1970s, such as 'Rosemary's Baby' and 'The Possession of Joel Delaney'...
Director Walter Salles' remake of a Japanese horror film isn't particularly scary or intense; it's just depressing.
Creepy, chilling, complex - bottom line: it's a very scary movie.
A single mother, a mysterious haunting, urban terror: This well-crafted Japanese horror remake has a too-familiar "Ring" to it.
The only thing scary about Dark Water is the fact the movie never seems to end.
The tagline says, 'Some mysteries were never meant to be solved.' Unfortunately, the filmmakers solve it for you just a few minutes into the movie.
Dark Water is a been-there- done-that- over-again- rince-repeater whose true ghosts are the memory of what its copying.
Works best as a study of how a nice, beautiful woman is forced to deal with a succession of creepy, dishonest men.
A surprisingly faithful adaptation ... it has an identifiable human component that makes its sense of isolation seem disturbingly real.
Pretty much follows the formula of Japanese horror, but at least it does it with some involvement in the story.
It's a beautiful, beautiful film, one so expressive that you run out of adjectives to describe it and are reduced to repeating 'beautiful' and 'lovely' over and over.
Would have been... more entertaining as an absurdist comedy about the troubles one woman will go through in order to not live in Queens, the Bronx or (God forbid) Jersey.
Sadly, you can't be sued for plagiarizing yourself
It's familiar material twisted into interesting directions, and even if it doesn't always succeed dramatically, the attempt is clear, and I appreciate the film for that alone.
Excruciating and less scary than a clogged up toilet, Dark Water should be allowed to quietly drain.
It's hard to resist sure-to-be-cliched adjectives like soggy and waterlogged when describing this film.
admirable simplicity with an all-enveloping mood
Salles tends to explain rather than suggest, but he connects with the anguish and abandonment to give this ghost story an emotionally haunting core.
Though Dark Water doesn't run deep....Salles keeps his head above [it]...with superior acting, mise en scene, story, script, and photography.
[It] has a split personality, as it contains two movies that are frequently at odds with each other.
A distressing, subtly suspenseful film full of emotional resonance.
There's something that never quite works about the film, which can't seem to decide if it's all in Dahlia's head, all in the spirit world or all in her pipes.
Dark Water has plenty of creepy moments, but few scares, and it becomes bogged down in setup.
While his movie lacks the psychological resonance of Rosemary's Baby or The Sixth Sense, it easily equals their creep-out quotient.
A dull and occasionally risible remake of an even duller, more risible Japanese horror flick ...
Dark Water is a lesson in how to transform atmospheric J-horror into soggy B filmmaking.
With his stirring visual sense very much intact here, Salles sets the creepy mood eloquently, but the picture ultimately fails to reward all the little shivers with any satisfying jolts.
Dark Water will leave some viewers scratching their heads, while others will be wide-eyed with appreciation. This viewer, at least, is reasonably wide-eyed.
There are only so many thrills you can generate with terrible plumbing.
Director Walter Salles give this shocker an added psychological/ dramatic level that heightens the shivers.
Dark Water achieves some, but not all, of what we might hope for.
Some may consider Dark Water too leisurely paced, but it's refreshing to see a film that doesn't shoo the ghost from a closet in the first half hour.
...[one of the best] films to hit theaters in a long while...a refreshing change of pace from the mindless fare that generally populates multiplexes during the summer months.
Although the film portends to be a creepy ghost story, you'll more than likely be bored to tears, which, of course, will be lost in all the icky water gushing everywhere.
[Dark Water] is dripping with clammy, claustrophobic atmosphere, but ultimately reveals itself as just another mildewed, child-centric ghost story of little import or resonance.
Dark Water is based on one of those low-key Japanese chillers where there are a whole lot of potentially scary things and maybe one thing that actually turns out to be scary.
Salles takes an approach to building tension best described as methodical, which to many viewers is going to translate simply to 'boring.'
Connelly and the wide-eyed Gade are so good together as mother and daughter that their performances -- along with the fine supporting work of Reilly, Roth and Postlethwaite -- carry the film. And the day.
If there's such a thing as a film being too suggestive for too little, Dark Water may be its prototype.
No amount of tastefully desaturated color or imaginary friends going whoo-whoo in the deserted apartment upstairs can save this lumbering echt-thriller from fatal tedium.
Maybe Ring is spookier. But Water's female character is the better woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
This 'Water' may be agreeably dark, but it turns out that it's disappointingly shallow, too.
A high quality production, with strong direction, great acting, but ultimately not much crawling beneath the surface.
No wonder tourists avoid Roosevelt Island! Scary!
It's more Kramer vs. Kramer than Jennifer vs. the Dead Kid in the Sink... still, too-familiar territory lacking an original ghost story.
A great deal of nothing happens . . . before the reveal that isn't so much a twist as pretty much what everyone was expecting from about five minutes into the proceedings
Torpid, trite and not the least bit scary - just unrelentingly unpleasant - (and) the most contemptible kind of cinema horror: putting little kids in peril for cheap thrills.
[T]he relentless psychological desolation that rumbles ominously throughout is unique, and elevates it above most of the genre.
A moldy, third-generation retread of The Ring.
Salles has crafted a moody, even gothic, psychological thriller that never fails to hold the viewer's interest.
Conventions aside the film establishes a palpable sense of suspicion and dread and manages to retain it throughout.
Salles realizes the rotten dank desperation of her life so vividly that he has made, in effect, the first collapse-of-the- middle-class horror movie.
As a horror film, Dark Water is too much of a retread of recent films, but as a well-acted psychological thriller, it shines.
The strong cast, intriguing visuals and subtle scripting keep things introspective and unsettling, until Hollywood takes over.
A classy ghost story is just the ticket in a summer of crass jolts.










@highlight

All the atmospherics in Dark Water can't make up for the lack of genuine scares.