Kong,... is most definitely a gloried B-movie, and it smartly knows exactly what lane it's supposed to be in, which shows from the first scene.
This incarnation's weird Apocalypse Now vibes are an odd fit...
While not a perfect film and a bit gratuitous focusing upon Ms. Larson's filthy yet ever-tightening tank top, we get a better-than-average ensemble story thanks to a clever castaway.
... This Kong deserved a monument. Or this model blockbuster. [Full review in Spanish]
It is a film that does not demand much explanation... and in one way or another this makes it attractive. [Full review in Spanish]
It captures the spirit of a war movie. It's very much shot like a war movie, and that gives it some style and charm.
The pacing was choppy, and it was shoddy and all over the place...when Kong was on screen, it was really cool to watch, but in the end it didn't pay off.
Sam Jackson and John C Riley definitely stole the show.
Best. Kong. Ever.
This is one movie that absolutely demands to be seen on the big screen, preferably with the full glasses effect, yet is solid enough entertainment to stand on its own in 2D as well.
... Kong: The Skull Island is not as emotional, or epic, as its predecessors. [Full review in Spanish]
What the film lacks in plot, tension, dialogue and fully realized characters, it makes up for with some fantastic visuals.
What starts out as a potentially fun and cliche-less way to do an action movie turns into another watered-down origin story of a franchise.
It's relentless in its catastrophic, seismic destruction (even containing moderately interesting and likable human characters), and anyone who isn't taken aback by it should check their pulse
That's not to say there's nothing good here. There is - it just could've been so much better.
It may not match the original classic but the fast-paced story holds its own.
There's life in the old ape yet, but he sinks like the Titanic.
... the most interesting thing about the Jordan Vogt-Roberts film is not in the fable but in the entertainment produced by each action sequence... [Full review in Spanish]
And while Kong isn't all over the film he appears enough to remind you who's King. The action is intense and the special effects are well done.
Kong: Skull Island is a film that underwhelms in nearly every department.
KING KONG: SKULL ISLAND is an entertaining B-movie with first-rate special effects and expertly staged action
But the MVP is John C. Reilly as Marlow, who was stranded on Skull Island after crash-landing there in World War II. Reilly 100% understands the movie he's in and every bit of Kong that works that doesn't involve monsters works because of Reilly.
The fights between Kong and his foes are epic and exciting - enough to make this creature feature just that little bit more special.
Kong: Skull Island revives the monster flick with humor, a decent story, and modern effects without sacrificing any fun.
Perhaps we have become impatient as an audience and directors are no longer keen to hold back, but sadly I feel the film was poorer for its immediate unveiling of the myriad of monsters.
A truly remarkable number of actors seem to be doing, if not their career-worst work, then at least work that they're well-capable of bettering.
This is a generic, tonally awkward monster showcase which forgets about both charm and heart, in its humans and King Kong himself.
It's fun, even if the movie ultimately exhausts itself.
Kong: Skull Island isn't a B-movie - but with its intentionally bad writing and jarring lack of cohesion, it lamely pretends to be one.
Filled with action and good visuals, this film is hilarious. [Full review in Spanish]
"Kong: Skull Island" isn't going to change your life. Nor can it hold a candle to the 1933 original. But there are some good thrills to be had here - and some good fun, too.
The humans, meanwhile, are largely left to stare in awe.
Kong: Skull Island gets what so many monster movies before it get wrong: There is humanity in the creatures, even if they can seem gigantic and monstrous at first.
If you don't mind some shallow, video game-esque entertainment, this one doesn't disappoint.
What's fatal to this movie is that it lacks visionary gusto.
"Kong: Numbskull Island" is more like it.
An especially awful Hollywood blockbuster...
A game of cat and mouse, in which the rodents are replaced by helicopters falling in pairs at the hands of an enraged Kong. [Full review in Spanish]
Perfectly treads the line between big budget VFX cinema & b-grade exploitation.
What could have been a suspense film, ends up being a B cinema production, with lowly plotted characters, stupid motivations and a Kong who still urges a girlfriend to reveal his nobility. [Full review in Spanish]
The film has colorful special effects that, in fact, stop being colorful when one realizes that they are nothing more than that: special effects without a story. A disaster. [Full review in Spanish]
Skull Island, for a lot of reasons, shouldn't work-until, suddenly, it does. (Splice Today)
"Kong: Skull Island" is a neutered adventure movie without any soul, or balls.
At the end of it all, the picture's only real saving grace is John C. Reilly as a castaway WWII airman who lands a few one-liners the way that only Reilly can, while off-setting the general shittiness of the rest of the human interaction.
Kong: Skull Island is just good enough-the sharp allusions, the moments of wit and warmth supplied by Reilly's long-abandoned airman-to make one wish it were better.
Humans monkey with nature; giant ape goes bananas, wishing they would lemur him alone.
A film with a fresh perspective and great action sequences that will be able to entertain anyone. [Full review in Spanish]
primarily feels repetitious, rather than thrilling or awe-inspiring, with the same basic threats reworked over and over again to dwindling effect
Jettisons the timeless beauty-and-the-beast tragedy of the 1933 masterpiece for a borrowed Vietnam allegory...
I've got no quarrel with a good, goofy monster movie - I'm the guy who liked 'The Great Wall.' But that film at least felt bound by a singular vision, by a director and his personality. 'Kong: Skull Island' is spare parts, held together with Scotch tape.
Not only the most exhilarating e-ticket ride since 'Mad Max Fury Road,' it's almost as exciting as the RKO original, thanks to expertly orchestrated cliff-hangers and the scariest CG beasties since 'Jurassic Park'
Just because you get to see a ton of the giant monster that supposedly stars in the movie doesn't necessarily make it great.
The story, unencumbered by character building, is just one scene after another.
"Skull Island" an epic monster mash.
The film is at its best when it sweeps us into the terror of confronting giants.
The great ape called Kong first hit the big screen in 1933. IMAX technology has been around since 1970. Now, in 2017, the two have joined forces, and the result almost makes a good movie. Well, half a good movie.
Vogt-Roberts and his editor indiscriminately wallop us with action, darting from character to character and scene to scene, none of it making any impact at all.
Despite the enormity of its scale and the detail of its creature effects, Kong's story lacks imagination and sags at its midpoint.
Kong looks great...Tom Hiddleston looks silly.
The big guy actually functions as the balance of nature on Skull Island. If he dies, the place becomes a Jurassic Park-style resort attraction. So the world needs Kong.
The result lands somewhere between camp and slick action... For the most part, it feels like a joyride as the director pulls donuts in the parking lot before making it onto the highway of storytelling.
Skull Island is packed with stunning, innovative effects work. But that effects work is also a form of consistently excellent acting, one that contrasts with the generally lackluster human characters Kong is surrounded by.
Kong: Skull Island wouldn't be what it is without Apocalypse Now.
Kong: Skull Island is fleeting entertainment, but given its massive budget and the audience's predisposition to Kong, that's not a terribly impressive feat.
Skull Island replaces Age of Discovery heroics with wartime ambience.
The whole bunch virtually run straight into Kong, who doesn't take kindly to all the bombs and helicopter-swoopings (and Black Sabbath's Paranoid) in a sequence that proves spectacular indeed.
My real gripe with the film isn't its modest ambitions, but that it's not consistently fun enough.
Bizarrely entertaining, but not recommended.
The film only really comes into its element when the beasts start brawling, but still -- what brawls.
There are a lot of "What-the-heck--Oh-my- god!" reactions. There are moments that are a lot of fun.
It has a barbed sense of humour, a thankful disbelief in military might and a sense of scale that comes with a mocking physicality. Swallowed whole or swatted like flies, human beings are insignificant distractions in this lost world.
Kong: Skull Island isn't scary or frightening, neither excites nor surprises, it just entertains. Will that be enough? [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining adventure where the nonsense abuse us that we don't resist the temptation of that pill that we swallowed as soon as the initial credits finished. [Full review in Spanish]
A fun movie full of monsters; those who know little about the original story will have lots of fun, while the purist fanatics will probably be bothered by all the changes made to the character. [Full review in Spanish]
If we don't get carried away by false expectations of transcendence that are never fulfilled, the film is easily enjoyed. [Full review in Spanish]
A class B movie with a budget class A where everything is about the show, and with the ideas clear, it is difficult to fall into distractions, since at all times there is something new to enjoy. [Full review in Spanish]
The visual effects and the acting are solid. There is also plenty of action and the pace is fast. This is basically a popcorn movie with some humor in it. With all the craziness these days, a big, goofy action movie like this really hits the spot.
An action romp that's frequently clever, occasionally inane, and always exciting.
Thrilling, funny, and occasionally sublime.
It mightn't always be smart and logical, and its rarely unpredictable, but Kong: Skull Island is consistently enjoyable in the giant-creature-threatens-humanity tradition.
Concentrate on the magical CGI rendering, the surprisingly lush and tasteful cinematography and a nicely dotty John C Reilly as a Pacific War castaway and you'll have a ball.
A perfect example of what is perceived as "escapism."
It might be silly, but Skull Island is a fast-paced and entertaining ball of fun.
Skull Island manages to hold [its] precarious balance of haphazard social commentary and B-movie thrills for an admirable distance, assisted immensely by the levity of the screenplay and performances.
A thrilling journey commanded by one-dimensional humans, in the hands of Tom Hiddleston and Brie Larson, to discover exciting beasts. Full review in Spanish]
The film has all that a blockbuster requires, a multistelar cast, amazing effects and locations, as well as a new twist to tell the story of an iconic character. [Full review in Spanish]
The director manages to compose a chaotic fable where everything fits: from war movies to simple comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
There's no mistaking "Kong" for anything but gregarious, sometimes goofy entertainment.
One of the better monster films.
You don't need to be familiar with Kongs past to enjoy this reimagining - it's neither a sequel nor prequel. You just need to be a lover of action-adventure.
Kong: Skull Island is an action-packed Darwinian fairy tale, full of digitally appealing assets in a beautiful setting. Are you ready for your close-up, Mr. Kong?
The CGI Kong is cool.
Kong: Skull Island is an overblown monster movie that constitutes just shy of two hours of meaningless spectacle.
Enjoyable enough, if a little overblown.
A genre blending fantasy adventure that combines creature-feature spectacle and grunts-in-the-jungle thrills: King Kong meets Apocalypse Now.
There are so many money-shots in this movie, it has already grossed enough cash to purchase a lifetime's supply of bananas for a real-life King Kong.
Look, if you want to see King Kong duking it out with creatures that are literally called "Skullcrawlers," or locked in battle with a giant octopus...this film is your huckleberry.
There's some mandatory enviro-messaging amidst all the mayhem - respect the wild, man does not have dominion over the earth, etc - but this really is a giant serving of joyful, disposable blockbuster mulch, full of lovely, mega-sized beasts.
Big, dumb and fun, Kong is an exhilarating, old-school action romp.
So grab the popcorn and sit back like a kid at a Saturday matinee. Kong: Skull Island is the real deal.
Unfortunately director Jordan Vogt-Roberts, making the leap to a big-budget blockbuster after his indie debut The Kings of Summer (2013), can't match the white-knuckle excitement of the iconic black-and-white original.
Vogt-Roberts films the predictable adventure with tremendous flair, and cinematographer Larry Fong's washed-out colour palette elevates the humdrum "make war not love" tone of the proceedings. The ape towers over the film, as it has in every version.
A spectacular, fun-filled creature-feature, concluding with a post-credit franchise promotion...
This is very unusual blockbuster - a Vietnam war flick, a comedy and an old-fashioned creature feature in one monstrously entertaining package. It's bananas but brilliant.
Action-packed and irony-free, Skull Island is the very best sort of monkey business.
There's enough material out there to fuel a string of reboots, but the swing toward diminishing returns has already begun.
A rip-roaring monster movie with exhilarating action, weighty dialogue, nostalgic visuals and a wicked sense of humor.
It may be Beauty who killed the Beast in the original King Kong, but in Kong: Skull Island it's the lackluster screenplay that takes down this not-so-great ape.
Kaiju a-go-go: Hyper-scaled B movie set in 1973, in the waning days of U. S. days in the Vietnam War, that appropriates the DNA of dozens of other movies for a crisp burst of grandiosely-scaled goofiness.
... positions itself as an origin story about the massive ape, but really is just another excuse to revive the venerable movie monster for another big-budget confrontation with some hapless Homo sapiens.
However much a mashup of its predecessors and of Jurassic Park, Apocalypse Now, Miss Saigon and Journey to Center of the Earth, it moves fast and it marks the entertaining return of cinema's most enduring and endearing beast.
Reilly is jangling with pure electricity ... You'd need something a whole lot more interesting than anything else going on in "Skull Island" to pry your eyes away from him.
Kong: Skull Island is first and foremost a monster movie, and if you are going just for the monster, then "Skull Island" delivers the goods.
It embodies that American Barnum impulse the original satirized, hoping that a heavy dose of violence and a familiar entity in the title will be enough to pack 'em in. Behold the sad, cynical Kong: First Blood Part II.
This is a fun, fun movie. It's also a violent movie - the high enough body count and gore should convince parents to leave the kids at home - even though the violence comes in a frequently comic PG-13 CGI-style.
Designed, like all movie franchises, to fulfill the Millennial urge for escapist entertainment, Kong: Skull Island is the blockbuster as junky postmodern bread and circuses.
Kong: Skull Island is admirable in its desire to get right into the good stuff.
Kong: Skull Island has a lot going for it, but what it gets really right is how it captures the unadulterated, intoxicating joy of watching the mighty Kong smash things to itty bitty pieces.
Kong sets out to be a first-rate monster movie, and it succeeds.
It's a ripping adventure, cleverly directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts to resemble a snarky Apocalypse Now remake with added gigantic beasts. And the eclectic cast makes sure that there's plenty of comedy, villainy and heroics to draw the audience in.
"Kong: Skull Island" is big action film, with big ideas with a deep ensemble that becomes something more than big dumb fun.
It's the inclusion of historical references, and literary ones, that make this film engaging, despite its faults.
It's fun to watch the [monsters] in action, but on the human side, the film is clumsily written, over-cast and underacted, with only frustrated soldier Samuel L. Jackson striking the right tone of crazy amid the chaos.
Mostly dumb, but also fun. Apocalypse KONG.
Kong: Skull Island offers enough interesting visual set pieces that it becomes easy to ignore many of its flaws.
There's a word for what's missing: direction.
It does more by doing less: enhancing the pulp origins of Kong's world and focusing on having a good time instead of reminding us how much better its immortal predecessor was.
As ludicrous and as unfocused as it all might be, Kong: Skull Island kept me amused for practically every second of its two-hour running time.
Creaky dialogue and questionable story are counteracted by visceral, thrilling scenes of zoological mayhem.
They've actually managed to elevate the quality quotient by throwing an all-star cast and an effective man vs. nature plotline into the mix. Oh, and a giant ape wailing on huge lizard creatures. Can't forget that.
If all you're looking for is visually impressive non-stop action, and you don't care about story, dialogue or characters, then go. But I need a lot more out of a movie.
Yes, it's unpretentious, but we're left with the niggling feeling this could have been so much more interesting.
Fast, furious and insanely entertaining.
You know what they say: go big or go home, and Kong should've gone all out with the thrills in order to, at the very least, make up for the alarming lack of character development or something resembling a decent script.
The movie knows precisely what it takes to deliver mayhem that makes you smile and lean in so that you can savor every awesomely chaotic second.
The action and special effects are mostly first-rate and Vogt-Roberts maintains a vaguely satiric tone that sidesteps schlockiness.
Battles are brutally violent in diverse, '70s-set reboot.
What this film does remarkably well is give us a full-bodied Kong that moves and acts in a way that seems utterly befitting a giant of this magnitude.
Creedence Clearwater Revival thrums on the soundtrack - has any '70s movie managed to avoid it? - but when the giant spiders start stomping, Vogt-Roberts earns the right to blast "Run Through the Jungle."
From the creature design to the cinematography ... to stunning locations in Vietnam, Australia and Hawaii, 'Skull Island' looks amazing ...
Guilty pleasure with two dimensional characters in an equally two dimensional plot that only allows them to be in peril. No beauty and the beast and that's good.
A well-crafted, intense ride that derides shoot-first, think-later military rationale, and champions curiosity and compassion.
Hiddleston is a bust as a dashing adventurer ("Stand on a hillside with one leg cocked" seems to be his acting note), and Larson has the shocked look of someone who wins an Oscar and finds out this is her reward.
Kong: Skull Island is basically a prolonged glare-off between the gigantic ape and Samuel L. Jackson as Lieutenant Colonel Packard.
This Kong is still fiercely territorial, quick to anger and has a weakness for blondes. Oh, and he's surly about American imperialism, too.
Hail to the king, baby.
Good grief, Kong again?
Enjoyable enough for what it is -- an action outing featuring people stuck in a land of enormous, deadly and hungry monsters where Kong is indeed king. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
It's that kind of movie, meant for the biggest screen, the loudest sound system and the slouchiest recliner you can find. The fact that it also features good actors acting? An unexpected big bonus.
The film doesn't try to compare with the depth and resonance of any given King Kong, because it lacks the tragic last stand.
Underneath all the giant monster blood and guts, there's little substance in Kong: Skull Island. The slimy viscera, despite the filmmakers' best intentions, stands alone and without impact.
"Kong: Skull Island" is more fun than the last "Godzilla" film but not as engaging.
Stereotypical in many ways, 'Kong: Skull Island' is great fun to watch, thanks to a literate, savvy script, fine acting, and visuals that should please the most discriminating monster movie fan.
At its best, Skull Island delivers colossal big screen mayhem with the big guy standing tall. Could you really ask for anything more?
It is the platonic ideal of big, smart-dumb B-movie filmmaking - and, like Kong himself, it must be seen to be believed.
A fun if muddled monster movie that gets its best jolts from the sheer size of its beasts.
Kong: Skull Island is an action movie trying to be a little more sarcastic than that, but they should stick to the action.
Kong: Skull Island has lots of monsters and lots of explosions and lots of scenery chewing, but it has very little in the way of heart or humanity
I went to see Kong: Skull Island hoping for some good, dumb fun. Unfortunately, while director Jordan Vogt-Roberts nailed the dumb part, he managed to miss out on the fun.
Despite stunning visuals and a fine cast, Kong: Skull Island is, well, crushingly monkey brained.
While "Kong: Skull Island" is visual eye candy, its sophistication and excellence negate the fairy tale-magical quality that endeared the original to generations of filmgoers.
The final battle scene between Kong and his mortal nemesis, the Skullcrawler, is magnificent. It is as exciting and nail-biting as anything I've seen on screen. It is beautifully choreographed and ultimately satisfying without being too long --- for once!
King Kong is as likeable and sympathetic as any of his predecessors. And his battles with the island's predators are spectacularly staged.
So, big sigh of relief, the ape is back in shape and just maybe we have ourselves a franchise. Stick around after the credits for a Kong vs. Everything primer. Bring it on!
Thanks to the formidable effects and thumping forward momentum, you'll be through your popcorn in no time.
Pure monster mayhem and popcorn fun! [Full review in Spanish]
A stark lesson in why not every well-connected male director with a boilerplate indie film to their name deserves a $200m budget for their sophomore feature.
A sophisticated sense of humor and a commitment to the purest pleasures of the pulp are allied in a film that supposes a breath of fresh air in the landscape of a contemporary blockbuster. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is basic in its plot, but brilliant in its concretion. The fight scenes between immense creatures reach a spectacularity and a credibility rarely seen. [Full review in Spanish]
A very entertaining summer movie before the summer, which I want to see again on the biggest screen possible. [Full review in Spanish]
Somehow it all works; there's the right blend of excitement and humor in the script (by Dan Gilroy, Max Borenstein, Derek Connolly and John Gatins) and Jordan Vogt-Roberts' lickety-split direction keeps us on the edge of our seats.
The movie moves along pretty quickly because it isn't bogged down by pointless human side stories the audience won't care about.
This is the best monster movie I've seen in years, adding new energy and excitement to a storyline that incorporates the ingredients we all expect. It's been too long since I had such fun at a movie that promises just that
A clever, but not-too-clever blend of humour, action and myth.
What I do know, is that your enjoyment of Kong: Skull Island should not be a matter of surprise or chance. Either you want to see a CGI gorilla beat the hell out of skull reptiles, or you don't. No one is judging you.
Skull Island is a mix of different shades of dumb - there's plenty of dumb fun, but also some groan-inducing, forehead-slapping moments of dumb.
Taken as a straightforward adventure movie, it's enjoyable enough.
You'd say [Reilly] was the comic relief, except Kong: Skull Island can't seem to manage seriousness in the first place. Quit monkeying around.
While the latest special effects are grade A, the plotting and character development is that of a B-movie. This Kong desperately needed a rescue mission to save the script from mediocrity.
Director Jordan Vogt-Roberts captures the awe and amazement of the original, but has made enough changes to stand out from previous efforts, such as John Guillermin's average 1976 remake, and Peter Jackson's handsome King Kong in 2005.
The newest Kong reboot is a rock 'em sock 'em popcorn monster movie flick, featuring the biggest Hollywood ape to date.
You come to Kong: Skull Island to see Kong and the film delivers. He is massive and fierce and formidable, but those moist eyes of his reveal his true sensitivity.
For all of its winning ways, Kong: Skull Island features some of the most empty, underwritten characters in memory. But you probably weren't expecting that anyway from this latest attempt to cash in on the legend of the giant gorilla.
It's wildly entertaining and it has a sense of humor about itself - and it doesn't hurt when a great big monster movie features an A-list cast including John Goodman, Samuel L. Jackson, Brie Larson, Tom Hiddleston and John C. Reilly.
Lacking the novelty of the 1933 original and the style and wonder of the 2005 Peter Jackson remake, this Kong is just plain unnecessary.
'Kong: Skull Island' reigns as prime matinee fare.
It's a fun and at times suspenseful creature adventure, with a nod to some elements of the Kong story dating back to Ernest B. Schoedsack and Merian C. Cooper's all-time 1933 classic, featuring Willis O'Brien's stop-motion animation gorilla.
'Kong' remains a pretty darn good popcorn movie. Just don't let any of the often gory details thrown up by this alleged "PG-13" offering get in the way of your digestive system.
Every time the movie threatens to get interesting, one of its hordes of ersatz, non-animated characters shows up and starts talking again.
Kong: Skull Island works on a pure-adrenaline level of excitement, fully aware that the audience isn't here for a story, or the actors, but for the monsters and the destruction.
simultaneously grand and bland
Ultimately, the film's Vietnam setting is less about warfare and history than finding an intoxicating canvas for a pretty old story. Kong: Skull Island is more about the monster clashes and, as the post-credit clip proves, setting up future installments.
Kong: Skull Island is a perfectly acceptable monster mash. Kong looks great, the action is thunderous, and any film that features John C. Reilly using a samurai sword to battle giant monsters is definitely worth seeing.
The witty and energetic director Jordan Vogt-Roberts corrals hallucinatory megafauna, who attack with viscera-splattering violence.
I've gone on about the creatures because there's so little to say about the humans, who, in their turn, have little to say about the creatures, because the writers haven't written enough lively dialogue.
This Kong is an imposing monster, to be sure, but as an innocent caught up in the dealings of the inhabitants of a world beyond his comprehension, he doesn't quite register.
I wish I liked Skull Island as much as I like individual moments in it.
Big on spectacle but short on nuanced characterisation or coherent plotting, Kong: Skull Island is a deeply flawed but somehow still enjoyable romp that entertains in spite of its shortcomings.
It could have easily been titled "Apocalypse Kong" -- but it's surprisingly fun and fresh.
Unfortunately, the movie never comes close to touching the... 1933 original a flat-out masterpiece. But, hey, maybe that's too much to ask... at least Skull Island hits its marks hard and fast and paves the way for much better sequels.
If the ultimate point of this movie is to get Kong into the ring with Godzilla, this isn't a bad appetizer.
For all the work and talent that went into it, Kong: Skull Island evaporated for me as soon as I left the theater.
The result is a movie that feels refreshingly unpredictable even as it works within the standard franchise parameters -- much like Gareth Edwards's Godzilla, to which it's tied only glancingly, it finds its own tone and never wavers.
Dutifully assembled but ultimately fails to capture the spark needed to turn it into something special.
Despite a slim story... the effects are enough to carry this yarn. When the monsters are in the ring it is great fun to watch and there are plenty of WWF monster bouts to keep a smile on the faces of those that care.
Mostly, the movie gives the impression of serving as the opening salvo in a larger corporate enterprise. And while its leading man might be gigantic, in qualitative terms, Kong doesn't set the bar very high.
For no reason I can fathom, except perhaps the classic-rock tunes desired for the soundtrack-the story takes place in 1973, when the Vietnam war is winding down and President Nixon is being driven from office.
A metaphor for America's involvement in foreign wars? A contrast between the majesty of nature and the limitations of man? An argument that big is indeed better? Sort of.
It could have been an absolute calamity. Instead, you can consider this a triumphant coronation : Kong is king once more.
While Kong: Skull Island can get drastically stupid at times it always seems aware of this and it has figured out an antidote: Kong smash.
This sequel/reboot/doesitevenmatteranymore preaches about a world in which monsters are real and, crucially, has the visual boom to back it up.
On the whole, though, Kong: Skull Island is great big dumb fun. It's also shockingly beautiful to look at when you aren't having creature guts flung into the camera.
The movie is as legitimately fun as it is thrilling, and it simultaneously generates excitement about for futures of both the giant ape and his latest director.
An All-Star cast, great visual effects and cinematography, good pace, tight directing, and another gargantuan ape in love with a beautiful woman who can fit in the palm of his hand; what more do you want?
It's chaos and elemental fury, served with clarity, craft, a lot of depth and the added bonus of rambunctious fun.
This is a real Kong show, the one demanded by popcorn peddlers and munchers alike.
It's fun if you check your brain at the cloakroom.
If you're looking for a film that offers pure escapism, "Kong: Skull Island" should definitely meet expectations.
"Kong: Skull Island" is a big, noisy B-movie infused with moments of wit and sprightly visual sophistication, anchored by what surely must be the most enormous version of King Kong since the giant ape made his screen debut in 1933.
It sort of falls apart when we're supposed to start caring who dies. It's well-meaning to try to make them dimensional characters, but they are monster fodder.
It's entertaining escapism with a giddy appreciation for creature violence and thickly sliced human motivation, delivering an idiosyncratic King Kong extravaganza that's different in many ways, while still exploiting traditional monster mayhem.
The picture is grand and nutty and visually splendid: Vogt-Roberts knows he's gotta go big or go home, so he treads boldly ...
Story and soul are never going to be kings on Skull Island, but they could have fared better than this.
A half-magnificent, half-misguided example of a 'show me the monster' movie.
With a story by John Gatins, screenwriters...have reimagined Kong as a Vietnam era anti-war movie, the film's real villain Lt. Colonel Preston Packard (Samuel L. Jackson), itching to kill after having 'abandoned' the war in Vietnam.
Kong: Skull Island is pure fun from start to finish, proving once again that when it comes to cinematic monsters, Kong is still king.
Kong fans rejoice. Skull Island delivers the monster beat down exactly as promised.
Spielberg would approve. So would Ray Harryhausen.
A jolt of super juiced-up, monster-movie energy restores some of the raw edges of wild, wooly excitement to the Kong saga while giving it a fresh new, retro-rollicking spin.
An unusual combination of thunderous monster movie and gritty war film, "Kong: Skull Island" is a fresh take on a nearly 85-year-old classic.
"Kong: Skull Island" is a Saturday afternoon monster movie, nothing more and nothing less - that's what's good about it.
"Skull Island" is adept at goosing you; it deploys action-movie feints and horror-film frights capably amid its clichés and deaths. Every so often it also pauses and allows Kong and Mason to move you.
The script does a great job of quietly undermining the usual action clichés. And there's no tedious love story between the two nominal leads.
From the moment Kong appears onscreen, the movie delivers near-constant action, and the island is filled with brilliantly rendered monstrosities.
I'll admit to having a pretty good time at "Kong: Skull Island," helped immensely by a very large bag of popcorn ...
Kong: Skull Island is pretty good popcorn cinema, but it's more of a business plan - than a movie - which involves a lot of movies of which this is only one. As for what it's about - the big pissed off monkey - is what it's about.
The money's on the screen, but it bought a really good movie, too.
Once [John C. Reilly] enters, the film gives up any pretence at being anything approaching scary and doubles down on the jokes. From then on it's a lethal tight-forty at the Skull Island Club, two-drink minimum, try the veal. Or one of the cast.
There's fun to be had, but it's a forgettable romp serving only to bring us one step closer to the next entry in the franchise and the cold, inevitable grip of death itself.
A visual delight giving us pretty much everything one could expect from a movie with monsters, but has a basic story with a "development" between poor and ridiculous. [Full review in Spanish]
While Kong delivers violence and scares, it's the film's willingness to show that its monster is also a hero that makes it one of the best spins on King Kong in a long time.
A riveting reboot!
Skull Island knows what makes an old-fashioned monster movie work, mainly lots of monsters. Some fly. Some swim. Some have big teeth.
Movies about giant monsters don't live or die on "larger points" and Kong: Skull Island remains a consistently entertaining hoot throughout.
Every creature here that's intended to burrow themselves into the audience's nightmares are less wonders of imagination than of size.
The pleasure of the film, directed with plenty of vigour by Jordan Vogt-Roberts, lies in its absolute refusal to take itself remotely seriously.
Fatally, the director never spends time on any of the characters who fill the screen -- and while no sensible person goes to a monster movie for deep human drama, you need at least a sprinkling to make it work.
Your inner child, if you still have one, should love it. Emphasis on the "if."
It's a lightning-quick, bright, dumb, slyly silly, unapologetically clichéd pulp adventure that, despite it all, is a rip-roaring good time.
The production is saved by interesting action sequences and strong creature effects, but it is unfortunate that a story that tries to wrest Kong from his racist roots is as tangled as its jungle setting.
It's clear that Roberts is more concerned with constructing solid B-movie entertainment at an A-movie budget line than he is with character development. And that's just fine.
Director Jordan Vogt-Robert delivers one fresh and imaginative surprise after another, cleverly framed, nicely paced ...
Kong still commands respect ... his presence alone makes it worth a trip to Skull Island.
It's no surprise that Kong: Skull Island has such dull, rote human characters (with one notable, delightful exception). But it is a shock that the ape himself is so distant and sullen.
It's got a great ensemble cast. It's got eye-popping visual effects. It's got a blend of non-stop action and well-timed humor. In short, it's just plain fun.
"Kong: Skull Island" is one of those movies best described as big, dumb fun.
The weight of influence should crush the life out of Skull Island, but the film is handled with such humour and gusto that it proves impossible to resist.
The shift in dynamic makes for a lot of Predator-esque monster fun, while Roberts's 1970s influences, in particular Apocalypse Now, make this Kong movie a true giant.
If you love monster movies, Kong: Skull Island is required viewing on the big screen.
It has a smart script, imaginative filmmaking and a cast of fine actors that actually get to act.
Kong: Skull Island doesn't reinvent the wheel. It just rides it. And it's a lot of fun.
Director Jordan Vogt-Roberts strikes a fine balance between action, drama and humour.
There are monsters among us. And if what you're looking for is eye popping, easily digestible escapism, you might be perfectly fine with these oh so cinematic hairy beasts.
Do we really need another Kong movie is probably the question you're asking yourself right now, but for a big-screen reboot, Jordan Vogt Roberts has managed to do the impossible -- make it seem fresh and relevant to today.
There is plenty of infantilising fun to be had.
Kong may be God to the humans in the film, but the only God Jordan Vogt-Roberts & co. seem genuinely interested in serving is that of The Almighty Dollar.
Kong: Skull Island is a shared universe launchpad that fulfills its promise of big, goofy, monster mayhem - setting up even bigger things to come.
Kong: Skull Island strips the beauty from a legendary beast, reducing a classic movie star to soulless monster mechanics. Kong smashes, but not much else. Whoever dies doesn't matter. Whoever lives has a sequel promised by the end credits.
This ferocious beast is the reason CGI was created!
There's something already a little worn out here, like we're seeing Jurassic Park 8 without having gone through the rest of the series first.
The monster battles have enough wow to keep the movie rolling along, but the connective tissue is so thin that it scarcely matters who lives and who gets stomped, eaten, blown up, ripped to shreds or impaled.
The dialogue is clunky, the A-list actors are slumming and, yeah, you've seen it all before, but the thunderously exciting creature effects make this Kong reboot a rip-roaring rumble in the jungle.
Builds to the fulfillment of the 'MonsterVerse' promise (further teased in a post-credits scene) of monster-on-monster action...It's all very silly...and also a kind of bruising primordial thrill ride.
Ultimately more interested in gorilla warfare than the guerilla kind, Skull Island looks from a distance like a Vietnam polemic with a monster painted onto it. But the opposite is truer. It's a King Kong movie -- a state-of-the-art monster mash.
Of course, monster fans of a certain age will miss the handmade charms of old-fashioned stop-motion animation - the laborious, artisanal process that brought the first Kong to trembling life. But the effects here are terrific ...
A grating miscalculation
Boiled down to its bonkers essence, Skull Island is a Vietnam war movie with monsters, a retro analog vibe, and a dash of both Moby-Dick and The X-Files.
Quibbles fall by the wayside like toppling trees. A tantalising establisher for a clash of the titans, this ably-directed actioner is monstrously entertaining.
The thing that breaks the back of this movie, and makes the second half so much less prodigious than the first, is a simple matter of geography.
Kong: Skull Island is a fast-paced adrenaline rush that gives us lots of CGI eye candy, lots of thrilling action sequences and scary moments, lots of laughs, and lots of charismatic performers...
So exciting you might wonder if your knuckles could get any whiter.
Director Jordan Vogt-Roberts injects just the right tone - the perfect combo of humour, action and character, although it is no surprise that the ape at the film's centre is the ultimate scene-stealer. It's a perfect B-Movie
It's not going to make you think, it's not going to mess with your head, it's not going to make you consider the nature of existence, but it's an action movie that fires on all cylinders and you're going to love the hell out of it.
Kong: Skull Island is an exciting and visually stunning film filled with amazing special effects that should leave audiences ready to see more of this revitalized monster genre.
Kong: Skull Island is a lively adventure that boasts bonkers battles and a wondrous wallop of star power from its humans and beasts alike.
Regardless of its flaws, there's still a fair few things to like about Kong: Skull Island.
A blast from start-to-finish that's paced with eye-candy, and features a stand-out performance by John C. Reilly.
It's hard to say whether it will linger in your memory very long, but it will keep you glued to your seat. Sorry Godzilla, but Kong has the edge for now.
There's little to Kong: Skull Island that isn't either hugely unnecessary or just plainly illogical.
Kong: Skull Island is an efficient, effective monster movie
...that's the thing about Kong - it's never not fun...
[A] decibel-defying mash-up of grand-scale monster movie, grunt-level military fantasy and state of the art effects showcase.
Scratches your monster-movie itch without ever once providing an injection of unpredictability or eccentricity. It lacks neither fun nor polish, but it has the square tidiness of a compartmentalized fast-food meal.
We didn't come to Kong: Skull Island for the characters (well-developed or otherwise), we came for the damn dirty ape. And director Jordan Vogt-Roberts and Industrial Light and Magic's Kong is a CGI showstopper.
Although it doesn't reach the heights of Edwards' Godzilla, Kong: Skull Island works hard to bring us something new, and it does deliver some pretty impressive punches.
Never has any version of Kong lacked such personality.
It understands the appeal of these movies as a reminder of humanity's relative insignificance in the face of horrors it can't possibly comprehend.
From beginning to end, Kong: Skull Island is one geek-out moment after another, and I'm so glad that this new iteration of the iconic character gets such a glorious cinematic treatment as he does here.
Kong: Skull Island features enough frenetic monster action to satisfy some, but the whole affair can't escape a vapidly hollow feeling after the credits roll.
A big, dumb beast that, for all its noise, is kind of lovable at heart. That describes both a certain giant ape and Kong: Skull Island, the latest of an oeuvre of King Kong films going back 80-plus years.
It's a film that, somehow, takes the fun out of watching a giant monkey slam-dunk a helicopter into the ground.
When you catch it on TV years hence, you'll watch half of it before you realize you've seen it already.
Thrives in its playful, irreverent approach, endearingly kitsch and gloriously overstated, with an unwavering commitment to entertainment.
The Kong remains the same, but director Jordan Vogt-Roberts wrangles a hugely imaginative coterie of new creatures from the lagoon, land and air to both help and hinder (mostly hinder) the luckless homo sapiens.
This is important to keep in mind while you're watching Tom Hiddleston: His charm is perishable.
It's a visually striking, character-driven monster mash adventure. So yeah, it's pretty darn good.
A charming, insistent trifle, a monster movie that's unafraid to be cruel while also mining the genre's inherent silliness.
This fantastically muddled and exasperatingly dull quasi-update of the King Kong story looks like a zestless mashup of Jurassic Park, Apocalypse Now and a few exotic visual borrowings from Miss Saigon.
All the requisite elements are served up here in ideal proportion, and the time just flies by, which can rarely be said for films of this nature.
Kong: Skull Island is a welcome return to the silver screen for the King of the Apes.
The surprise is that Skull Island isn't just ten times as good as Jurassic World; it's a rousing and smartly crafted primordial-beastie spectacular.
It's certainly not a perfect movie, and a lot of the characters feel like sketches more than full fledged people, but it roars along enjoyably from start to finish.
[Kong: Skull Island] feels like a movie that was made in a focus group chemist lab and never solidifies an identity.
While Kong: Skull Island is let down by some of its cast, characters and scripts, it is still great fun as a crash-bang-wallop monster movie and is well worth seeing.
Derivative and a little dumb but consistently fun: there's personality and panache to spare in this monster blockbuster. With reservations, Skull Island is a swinging success.
Directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts with a gleeful, look-at-me-ma garishness that speaks to his background in TV comedy, the movie feels wonderfully close to self-parody.
This is an uneven adventure that's saved by the spectacle of its towering title character and the various beasts with whom he shares his island home.
Imagine Steven Spielberg's The Lost World if it had been written and directed by Gremlins-era Joe Dante.
A popcorn movie that's only good as long as you still have popcorn left in your tub, and is quickly forgotten after you've run out.
Kong: Skull Island is a hoot.
"Kong: Skull Island" enters with lofty ambitions and style to spare. Whether or not it completely succeeds is open for subjective debate, but damn if it isn't a hell of a ride.
Delivers a solid supply of cheap thrills.
Kong: Skull Island is a grand cinematic adventure powered by furry fury, as the horrors of war blend with chest-beating creature confidence.

@highlight

Offering exhilarating eye candy, solid acting, and a fast-paced story, Kong: Skull Island earns its spot in the movie monster's mythos without ever matching up to the classic original.