... unnerving take on the home-invasion picture...
It's a bit rote as both a PTSD and home invasion picture.
It all builds to a final shot where so much has happened, both real and imagined, that we're not quite sure if it's a daydream or a happy ending.
The grainy images feed Vincent's growing paranoia - as the sickly green night-vision goggle images shared by Antarès and his men as they patrol their valley heighten their dread of what's out there.
The disorder of the title isn't limited to Vincent's PTSD and alienation. His entire world is wired into violence and instability.
Streamlining a film to cut out the fluff can be a great thing; editing it till its bones show, however, is obviously less than ideal.
Schoenaerts is intense as always, and Winocour puts us in his place with nervy bursts of too-loud electro, but the pace is so slow-burn it's often just slow.
If you're a Schoenaerts fan, his performance is worth the price of admission alone.
Disorder is a character study that flirts with becoming a love story while retaining the far cooler blood of a thriller in its veins.
Alarmingly sensuous thriller. Her attention to sound is gripping, nailing the narrative to Vincent's point-of-view, the audience sharing his hyper-attentive subjectivity. The surfaces are chaotic and subterfuges compound.
[T]here's no denying that the climax becomes routine ... just as it's unavoidable that there's disappointment at the end of it all.
Fascinatingly thorny in its depiction of a damaged protagonist.
The movie is at its best when it recreates what it must feel like to be in a constant state of paranoia and pain. If only that feeling were accompanied by one or two other emotions.
It all allows the film to have an eerie, old school noir aesthetic that's reminiscent of Fritz Lang coupled with the psychologically destructive emotional pathos of Claude Chabrol. Yet Winocour manages to make things feel unique.
Ambiguity permeates almost every scene in new suspense film "Disorder." That sounds like it could be maddening. Here, the result is darkly compelling ...
"Disorder" may ultimately fall victim to its own narrative ambivalence, but acting this magnetic achieves a clarity all its own.
CANNES 2015: Both of its opaque titles ("Maryland" for its Cannes' Un Certain Regard premiere) describe the muddy nature of this unsatisfying thriller.
Disorder is undoubtedly marked by on-screen talent and noble off-screen efforts, but its lagging pace and major tonal shifts keep it from being a great film.
In spite of good acting and a great soundtrack the film starts slow and goes nowhere.
Matthias Schoenearts's Vincent ends up as one of the most fascinating film characters so far this year.
Schoenaerts gives the film an emotional anchor, yet the screenplay gradually stretches credibility, and the narrative twists become more tedious than suspenseful.
Schoenaerts delivers a volcanic performance in this deliberately paced, moody character study.
It's a nerve-jangler that jangles nerves by keeping us in the dark and staying uncomfortably close to its damaged hero.
Perhaps the scariest thing here is the realization that Vincent has become something of a suspense-movie character in his own life.
Winocour's execution employs claustrophobic cinematography and a chilling sound design to subsume the audience into Vincent's traumatized POV.
Tall, dark, and brooding, Belgian actor Matthias Schoenaerts is the man you go to when you need bruised masculinity, International Cinema Division.
Disorder is tense and scary, beautiful to look at and even more gorgeous to hear. In the end, it is also extremely moving. That's the most thrilling part of all.
An intelligent, nuanced, slow-burning Hitchcockian thriller. It deserves to be a sleeper hit.
Alice Winocour's "Disorder" is a tightly wound spring of a movie, a tour de force of sound design and sly editing that implies much more than it shows.
Jessie assures Vincent that she has limited knowledge of her husband's professional life, and that she doesn't ask questions. Unfortunately, neither does Disorder.
How often does a film come along in which what the audience expects and wants is indistinguishable from the dark zones of a character's subconscious?
Somewhat serviceable thriller with an undercooked premise rests on the shoulders of its charismatic leads.
Respectfully folding the symptoms of PTSD into a slick genre piece, Winocour's second film is more of a calling card than it is an arrival.
As the story progresses, the danger could truly be anywhere, an anxiety evoked masterfully by Winocour's tight focus on her shell-shocked protagonist.
This is very much a Matthias Schoenaerts picture. Having been hopelessly miscast in a series of rather poor English language pictures, Disorder's soulful brute allows him to revisit the brooding and hulking of Bullhead and Rust and Bone.
Before Disorder becomes a programmatic and somewhat sloppy home-invasion thriller, it's a particularly vivid portrait of a man warily eyeing the tumult of his homecoming.
Its method is intimate and almost physiological.
Moments of genuine tension are few in this would-be suspenseful thriller, which can't settle on a state of mind for its protagonist, or for its own story.
The story kind of peters out, the final scene is a cop-out and, what's more, the actual final frame is ludicrously trite. Pity, Disorder could have been so much better.
The combination of Matthias Schoenaerts' intensely brutish, sensitive performance and Alice Winocour's singular dedication to tension gives Disorder plenty to offer.
Very rarely do we get a movie where our hero is so emotionally naked, stripped bare for everyone to see.
It's about an imperiled family and the damaged man who's protecting them from something (the darkness of the modern world, perhaps), but that's just on the surface. Really, it's about whatever you think it's about.
Action may seem slow in coming, but interest never flags and Winocour doesn't flinch from necessary violence. Hollywood awaits her, if she's interested.
A steamy, suspenseful tension-bomb - psychological, sexual, you name it - with potential catastrophe at the periphery of each scene.
The term "gritty" gets thrown around a lot in criticism... But this second feature from French writer/director Alice Winocour certainly deserves the adjective; you could pave your driveway with this dark, effective thriller.
Disorder is a psychological thriller that plays its story straight from beat to beat, making its ambiguities even more unsettling.
Director Alice Winocour establishes an atmosphere of woozy paranoia, and uses Schoenaert's brooding presence to great effect. But the tension is dissipated when a real threat emerges, and Disorder turns into a conventional action thriller.
It is heated where it needs to be and Winocour, co-writing here with Jean-Stéphane Bron, delights in lobbing grenades into the Vincent-Jessie dynamic. Shame it fizzles out so abruptly.
Here is a man struggling to stay in the moment and hold on to reality. His hand tremor and the paranoia that informs his actions make him intriguingly unreliable.
Intriguing ...
It's an insightful and stylish riff on the old adage: just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not really out to get you.
There's a shameful pleasure to be had in ogling the plush lifestyle, perfectly conveyed through the set decoration, and then seeing it all get messed up and covered in blood by the end.
A thriller that fails to thrill.
The action sequences, like everything else in the film, are extremely stylishly shot but there is so much posturing going on that the film is utterly shorn of drama or tension.
Lots of good stuff here. Winocour will go on to make even stronger films.
Vincent's innate paranoia is reflected in the film's unsettling atmosphere, with Winocour cunningly ratcheting up the tension, while shadows and darkness come into play when it lurches into home-invasion territory.
Matthias Schoenaerts gets back to what he does best - scowling silently with his top off.
A notable, unusual existential thriller that is psychologically acute without the need for Oscar-clip self-pitying speeches, it's also terrifically suspenseful with a provocative punchline.
Disorder is a study in voyeurism, intimacy and paranoia.
A fine-cut tension exercise that eventually ignites into a full-blown home-invasion thriller.
After about 45 minutes, Vincent and Jessie have barely said anything to one another, and there are few plot-advancing elements other than Vincent's growing suspicion that Jessie's husband is mixed up in the arms business.
It's good stuff and, in a perfect world, will prompt Hollywood execs to take Winocour's directing skills very seriously.
Almost all questions remain unanswered, and the open-endedness spoke more to the director not being bothered rather than wanting to suggest ambiguity.
[The film] continues uninterrupted Schoenaerts' recent impressive run of hunky but haunted performances, even if the porous plotting is nowhere near as accomplished as the craft or the acting.
From here on in, we are uncertain just how much of what Vincent sees and perceives is real and how much is a figment of his disturbed and frazzled imagination.
After a certain amount of inaction and anticlimax, a slow burn is just a fizzle. At 100 minutes, it uses up its suspense tricks early.
Director Alice Winocour creates several scenes of unnerving suspense, coiling the film's tension stylishly and quietly. Schoenaerts is great at playing tough and haunted, and he cuts mesmerizing, almost menacing figure here.
Intriguing Euro art house actioner.
It's ultimately impossible not to admire what Winocour has pulled off here, as the film manages to captivate in both its attempted genres...
It's hard to find a more vulnerable, volatile, and sensitive actor working today than [Matthias] Schoenaerts ... Here [Diane Kruger] exudes an elegance and coolness, not unlike Grace Kelly.
Winocour doesn't overstate her subtexts, but they're there - Disorder is a film about haves and have-nots, about the psychological effects of war, and about the abuse of women as chattels.
The film lurches to a generically overwrought climax which manages to just about hold the attention but frustrate with its emptiness. I'd have happily rewatched the first half instead.

@highlight

Well-acted and solidly crafted, Disorder (Maryland) relies on patiently established slow-burning tension to set the stage for an intelligent, intimate psychological thriller.