Beneath the rarefied French-arthouse-film patina is a more universal story of a woman of a certain age who loses all the defining markers of her carefully crafted life.
It's a potent reminder that nothing is forever and that life rolls on, dealing us new cards (hopefully Aces). Look on the bright side of life and appreciate your surroundings.
Isabelle Huppert is featured. Need more be said?
The character-driven drama is filled with humanity, authenticity and simplicity.
It's refreshing to see a film centered on an intellectual woman much more concerned with transmitting philosophical ideas than the need for love. [Full review in Spanish]
A major work of [Director Mia] Hansen-Love, the best I saw last year. [Full review in Spanish]
... an intimate reflection of solitude and the acceptance of events in everyday life... [Full review in Spanish]
An excellent example of the human crisis in the face of the impossibility of utopia, executed with the mastery of one of the most talented directors of today's cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
A complicated film, ambitious for its willingness to delve into subjects such as intellectualism or individual freedom. [Full review in Spanish]
Mia Hansen-Løve tells with sobriety and intelligence the story of the tenacious survival of a protagonist who is grandly played by Huppert. [Full review in Spanish]
A film about the female universe with a wonderful Isabelle Huppert. [Full review in Spanish]
A wonderful film that tackles with enormous subtlety the affective shipwreck of a married woman. [Full review in Spanish]
An intimate film with a great reflection on happiness and personal fulfilment. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the year's best pure character studies.
As Denis Lenoir's camera recedes into a carefully bisected domestic composition, the boundaries between the past, the present, and the future shimmer and blur together in a way that suggests that nothing ever really slows down.
With the talent of [Isabelle] Huppert delivering the subtlety and the nuance this role needed, and a host of excellent supporting actors who provoke her character into action, Things to Come is a cinematic treat.
All of the actors, in large and small roles, are quite accomplished.
Things to Come is a rare and welcome film for not suggesting that a woman is unnatural or unfeeling to care for her work as much as for her family.
As her superb Things to Come opens at the Esquire Theatre on Friday, let the record show that Isabelle Huppert is ready for her moment in the spotlight.
Things to Come is as much a work of empathy as a portrait of the kind of woman usually consigned to the margins of American cinema.
[Huppert] carries the film through its most surprising and heart-wrenching moments.
Instead of building up to big moments, Hansen-Love seasons her film with perceptive little ones, an approach that perfectly suits Huppert's incisive, luminous performance.
Like its protagonist, hardly prone to hysteria of any kind.
During the course of the film, Nathalie undergoes a series of crises and finds herself increasingly alone and alienated. Yet Hansen-Young, who is very good at this sort of thing, is no pessimist, and she concludes her film on a nod to "l'avenir."
Following a stubbornly rational woman trying to cope as her life takes irrational turns, this is all about Huppert's Nathalie, who's allowed to be unashamedly intellectual here in a manner unusual in any film -- French or otherwise
It sounds like slight stuff but Hansen-Love is an expert in the observational -- the habits and customs that make up a life and the sense of dislocation that results when they're no longer possible.
The finest female performer in movies right now is the incomparable Isabelle Huppert, who follows her recent Oscar-nominated display in Elle with yet another tour de force.
A film that tackles universal themes such as the time, maturity, loss of idealism and generational dialogue, based on the experiences of a philosophy teacher. [Full review in Spanish]
Huppert's subtle portrait of a woman trying to stem the flow of a life crisis remains engaging, humorous and powerful until the very end.
A superb portrait about accepting that what is to come is just as interesting, from what has already been lived. With this film Mia Hansen-Løve has become one of the most interesting filmmakers in Europe. [Full review in Spanish]
Gets to the heart of what it means to be happy and successful, or to try to be, without the kinds of huge moments, altercations and declarations that often find a place on screen.
Visually arresting, but never precious, it's filled with ideas that have relevance to actual life, ideas that are based on a moral conviction that a question well-posed is far more valuable than an easy answer.
A quietly illuminating character study.
Following her triumph in Elle, French screen legend Isabelle Huppert scores another bullseye with this delicate tale of philosophy professor starting over
Progresses towards a quiet revelation.
Things to Come has a philosopher's precision and a poet's sensitivity.
OK, now Isabelle Huppert is just showing off.
The movie is elevated by two intriguingly digressive moments.
Hansen-Løve's unobtrusive and novelistic approach doesn't see Nathalie embark on a spiral of loneliness or an arc of self-discovery, but a tide of breakthroughs and setbacks punctuated by grace and grief.
What a tonic this film is.
Huppert's finely nuanced portrayal of Nathalie's interior life and conflicting emotions is impressive.
A thrillingly compassionate, deceptively simple, and wholly invested look at a capable older woman with a lively mind coping with a series of common misfortunes.
A fluent, confident and deeply felt work by an astute chronicler of life, Things to Come considers the fragility of ideas when exposed to the eroding force of time in beautifully humane fashion.
This French drama gives Huppert a brilliant, Rousseau-quoting character to play around with, and she saunters through the role, finding fresh moments in every scene.
A beautiful and emotional portray of adulthood as only Hansen-Love could have done it. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is wistful, touching and funny, not least about academia's preciosity.
It has slow patches, but it has a cumulative effect, thanks equally to Hansen-Love and Huppert. We come away feeling enriched and expanded, without exactly knowing how or why.
Huppert crystallizes what many sophisticated filmgoers wish to see more of: middle-aged females whose sexual vitality and survival skills are far from faded, but utterly and plausibly authentic.
Its chief asset is Huppert: her naturalism makes every scene engaging.
Things to Come is astonishing, bringing delicate truths into the glaring light of day that are as timeless as they are universal.
A valentine to an experienced actress who absolutely owns the part.
Things to Come is a quiet and reflective piece worth a contemplative look.
A genuinely lovely film, with honest storytelling and real profundity, Things to Come is a snapshot of real life, and a worthy vehicle for Huppert's superb abilities.
Huppert is extraordinary-she reveals everything even when you think she's showing nothing-and she's the perfect actress, right now, for Hansen-Løve's fine-grained perceptiveness.
A career-best performance by the increasingly essential Isabelle Huppert
Huppert is sensational at communicating both the frustration and the fight in a woman who never allows herself to dissolve into self-pity.
Huppert is the film's chief asset, and her assured performance as Nathalie is a joy to watch.
Perhaps the most fascinating thing about watching philosophy professor Nathalie Chazeaux's (Isabelle Huppert) life crumble is the utter lack of drama accorded to various disasters by both the film and its characters.
The film has a stillness that lingers with you, as does Huppert's acceptance and grace.
Hansen-Løve follows an aging philosophy teacher through a series of career bad news, personal dilemmas and family tensions.
Complementing Hansen-Love's deft writing and direction, Huppert transforms what might have been an unsympathetic role into a character who embodies universal anxieties, desires, weaknesses, and virtues.
Suffused with wry humor, vulnerability and radiant warmth, Huppert's performance captures that delicate period in life during which resignation morphs into graceful, even grateful, acceptance.
Outstandingly detailed, creating a richly human take on an oft-told tale of sudden liberation.
Things to Come charts its year briskly, never stopping to linger for long on any one moment or event. The days recede and fade and evaporate -- as they invariably do.
"...quietly reserved yet astoundingly honest."
Isabelle Huppert shines as a woman enduring a midlife crisis in this perceptive character study .
Writer/director Mia Hansen-Løve ("Eden") gives her protagonist little recourse yet Huppert uses these life challenges for mind expanding introspection.
Huppert never loses sight of the fact that Nathalie's wounded heart often overrules her steel-trap mind.
This is an intelligently made film about an intelligent woman, but it's also emotionally engaging; who among us wouldn't like to feel that we could persevere even if stripped of nearly everything that defines us?
In its quiet, unassuming, almost workmanlike way, this is not the movie for our scary age, but one of many, and right there on the top rung.
Huppert's work is perhaps most notable for its understatement and its offhand precision. She's particularly interesting to watch as she receives bad news.
Hansen-Løve's gift is in presenting this vast internal journey with elegance and clarity, resisting the urge for scenery-chewing catharsis.
There is a certain Gallic pretension here ... but the delicacy and intelligence that the film brings to Nathalie's situation is always admirable.
Huppert's performance here won't keep you on the edge of your seat as in "Elle". but Hansen-Love wrote "Things To Come" with her in mind, and she could not have asked for a better outcome.
Huppert excels in projecting the opposite of what we expect. That was true with "Elle" and continues in "Things To Come".
Ms. Hansen-Love observes the vagaries of Nathalie's situation with compassion and lucidity.
Huppert brings immense fortitude and dignity to the role of Nathalie, but pity is never an option.
Things to Come is a limpid, often surprising meditation on what it is to be a woman casting an eye both toward the future and onto the past.
A marvelous slow burn of domestic drama ...
Will she change? Will she throttle back, come on down, open up? She's a cerebral handful, but we're rooting for her every strut of the way.
[Huppert] manages to make Hansen-Løve's sometimes flat writing come alive at the right moments.
A film whose subtle satisfactions very much sneak up on you.
The most memorable moments in L'avenir are not conversations or even interactions, but the looks on Huppert's face as she takes it all in.
Touching portrait of a resilient woman facing multiple challenges as she ages.
One can place Hansen-Løve's films within a tradition of sporadic and inconvenient character-centric narratives, which can create a vivid sense of life by sidestepping causality; her movies phase and accumulate instead of moving in straight lines.
Isabelle Huppert astonishes yet again in this steely, beautiful, intellectually hungry story from Mia Hansen-Løve.
Huppert feasts on the turmoil beneath Nathalie's composed surfaces, the emotional force of the philosopher's dialectical intelligence.
It echoes Hansen-Løve's previous films in her delicate approach to the passing of time and her sensitivity toward life's expectations and disappointments.
French screen icon Isabelle Huppert delivers one of the finest performances of her career.
Hansen-Løve's film is operating outside the schematic categories of fulfillment and frustration, while her heroine is beyond the illusion of eternal renewal.
This unpredictable portrait thankfully never defaults to the comeuppance of an overthinker.
"Things to Come" may not excite the most audacious of Huppert fanatics, but it's a sweet and endearing introduction into Hansen-Løve's repertoire.
Intellectually vibrant and emotionally complex, Things To Come is a luminous film drawn along by Huppert's central performance and Hansen-Løve's delicate script.
An understated Isabelle Huppert brings unexpected profundity to a movie that could have remained dry and academic.
Convincing proof that Mia Hansen-Løve is one of the best filmmakers on the planet.
The french director shows with this film her ability to generate moods through rhythm achieved through editing and a fluid narration without cuts, leading to unexpected places. [Full review in Spanish]
A reminder how the plans and life projects we make suddenly change without a notice and the only thing left to do is to move on. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that manages to translate with lightness and truth an intelectual crisis into muscular tension. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is further confirmation of Mia Hansen-Løve's delicately devastating ear and touch as a filmmaker.
A very french film that analyzes the life of a grown woman and how she tries to fix it. [Full review in Spanish]
Hansen-Løve once again offers us her delicious cinema just to make us feel something so deep. A feeling that generally we can only get out of life. [Full review in Spanish]
Things To Come carries a surprisingly nuanced perspective on the sensibility in how to live life in spite of setbacks and discouragement of all forms: emotional, spiritual, intellectual, and physical.
Things to Come presents a case for the intellectual life with more tenderness and gratitude than many contemporary dramas of young, "struggling" artists.
The film's power is its recognition that, no matter how hard life gets, though, it just keeps going. In fact, that's what makes existence oddly beautiful.
Despite all the upheaval, Things To Come is an oddly calm film. Hansen-Løve doesn't force the drama, but simply observes, letting the magnificent Huppert find the tension or emotion in the moment as her character.
Huppert's turn will be listed at the end of the year as one of the finest by an actress.
Hansen-Løve keeps Nathalie purposefully in flux and on the move, Denis Lenoir's camera constantly catching her striding hither and yon, proceeding as briskly as the film itself.
Just as Hansen-Løve's camera routinely finds small rays of sunshine, Huppert routinely finds the right moment of levity.
Despite its high-mindedness, the film's real art lies in its ability to present the hard and complex business of surviving life in a disarmingly simple way.
Huppert is nothing less than superb, her achievement brought home by the fact that she hardly seems to be doing anything: an accomplishment beyond words.
Hansen-Love comes not to overturn any applecarts, rather to carefully examine and rearrange the pieces of a suddenly shattered life, and see whether they might fit together again.
A nuanced, funny and agonising dissection of a woman's life after her 25-year marriage hits the skids.
Mia Hansen-Love's precise script, perfectly in tune with Huppert's methods, works like a sharp knife, gently able to slip between our ribs.
The story unfolds gently, showcasing a central performance, which, in its deft shadings of vulnerability, anger and stoic self-preservation, is truly superb - even by Huppert's elevated standards.
Almost as annoyingly pretentious as it sounds, but it's also saved somewhat by Huppert's prickly performance.
Has Isabelle Huppert ever given a bad performance?
As a portrait of existential crisis, it might all register as po-faced, if it weren't for the moments of human comedy Hansen-Løve strews across Nathalie's newly uncertain path.
This is a rigorously intelligent and desperately sad movie.
Nathalie's brought to life by Huppert's subtly complex turn and Hansen-Løve's fluid, unfussy direction.
If you like Isabelle Huppert, you might want to block out a week in the diary for this one.
It's a poignant, wonderfully humorous and elegantly crafted meditation on ageing, and the joy of personal growth that can sometimes stem from great upheaval.
Thoroughly, even densely, written though it is, a variant moreover on a not wholly unfamiliar story of break-up and survival, the film nonetheless flows like a river with true cinematic life.
We are left with the impression of having accompanied a real person through a momentous period of transition.
Though the film departs from Hansen-Løve's previous focus on passionate, romantic love, it's Nathalie's devotion to ideas that is the film's heart.
A fine pieces of cinema.
A film about the ways in which the intellectual pursuit might be a woman's only guarantor against misery, against a complete dependency on others who are sure to abandon them sooner or later.
Things to Come is a smart, earnest undertaking: an exploration of the insecurity that can hit any of us, at any age, when we start to question the life we've built.
Mia Hansen-Love and Isabelle Huppert prove a dream partnership in the director's gorgeous, heart-cradling post-divorce drama.
Things To Come is a genuine rarity: a film which allows a middle-aged female protagonist to find fulfilment within herself rather than in the arms of a man.
An emotionally observant character study.

@highlight

A union to cherish between a writer-director and star working at peak power, Things to Come offers quietly profound observations on life, love, and the irrevocable passage of time.