While the story is ostensibly about the paths of Zoe and Jeannie, it also a peek behind the scenes of Hollywood.
Gives a terrific insider look at the making of action-adventure shows and movies.
Double Dare's weaknesses are only so apparent because of its many strengths.
Double Dare is more about camaraderie than competition.
As far as "human interest" documentaries go, Double Dare is an absolute winner.
A congenial doc.... I wonder if it might have been more interesting if it had widened its scope a bit -- but still, Jeannie and Zoe are likable gals.
Double Dare remains an entertaining and informative look at a little-known struggle for equality and respect in a physically unforgiving but completely vital Hollywood discipline.
Just as stuntwomen have to do, Double Dare pulls its punches.
Castellitto, who has won his country's best-actor award twice before, has such a haunting look in his eyes that he doesn't need to chew the scenery to get across his point. Cruz doesn't speak much, but her face screams of the pain that Italia faces.
[A] fly-in-the-face-of-reality perseverance is the key to the appeal of both the women profiled in the documentary Double Dare.
It provides a frank portrait of women trying to make it in a traditionally male game.
Bell's energy and Epper's perseverance give Double Dare an unstoppable one-two punch.
[N]ever lets its enormous love and respect for its subjects interfere with its straightforward and clear-eyed observations...
Thin but pleasantly diverting.
Micheli has enormous respect for these resilient, underappreciated performers. And after spending 81 minutes with the engaging, generous Jeannie and Zoe, it's hard to imagine anyone feeling otherwise.
A genuine pleasure.
Shows the hardship that women -- especially older women -- must endure in a male-dominated business.
Entertaining documentary about stuntwomen who do risky business for a living.
Stunts are, quite naturally, the most explosive part of the film.
Exudes a pleasant, affectionate warmth for its characters.
Amid plentiful clips of high falls, fistfights, and car chases, Micheli shows the unique challenges faced by women in this notoriously macho field.
The real warmth of 'Double Dare' comes from its two protagonists, enthusiastic professionals who meld into friends even as they become family.
An engaging, outside-the-box treat.
fails to look deep into the industry, preferring to follow its two stars around and see what they get into
Micheli has a good eye for telling details and a strong empathy for the pressures women face in the industry.
Double your pleasure and double your fun with this action-packed documentary.
Two stuntwomen, generations apart, reveal the humor and drama of their craft in this warm documentary.
Filmmaker Amanda Micheli cuts deftly back and forth between the work lives of both women.
...fascinating and (more to the point) utterly cool...
They are movie stunt performers, and Double Dare tells the story of two who face all these obstacles and more, because they happen to be women in a traditionally male occupation.
If you're a straight male and don't find [Zoe Bell] to be one of the most desirable women on earth after all this, check your pulse.
Viewers are left feeling that it's still a male-dominated profession, but that determined women like these might just effect some small change.
With this documentary director Amanda Micheli follows the lives of two film stuntwomen. She covers their professional and personal lives and the profession.
...a highly entertaining documentary...
An exciting, funny and ultimately touching documentary that gets us inside these women's lives to the point where we want to be there to catch them when they fall.
A wealth of inspiration this film is.
Absolutely riveting.

@highlight

An engaging look at two women fighting to stay employed in a profession dominated by men.