Featuring a few beautiful scenes that will probably warm the heart of the most hardened cynic, Dolphin Tale 2 makes for some wholesome family fare.
[Dolphin Tale 2] is a movie and a world where adults are evil, children are mighty, and justice is won with a hug.
You know how this ends, right? Of course you know how this ends. So the point of the film isn't the foregone conclusion, but the journey, which is... bland.
The aquatic photography is very good and there feels like genuine emotion for Winter. It's formulaic and predictable, but hey, it sort of has to be.
While the kids talk smart, there is a bit of a condescending tone to the script - where some good old fashioned science might have been more effective.
Barely there Morgan Freeman and Kris Kristofferson pick up the easiest paychecks of their careers, while top acting honors go to Mavis the sea turtle and Rufus the comic-relief pelican.
... wholesome and occasionally moving but hardly memorable.
A beautifully shot, powerful, old-fashioned family flick told by smart and responsible adults.
Admirable intentions are no substitute for a compelling storyline.
You can have all of the big name stars in a film that you like. But when your co-stars are dolphins, not to mention an acting pelican and an impossibly cute sea turtle, you are always going to be playing second fiddle.
It doesn't have the focus or splash of the original, but Charles Martin Smith's sequel winningly wears its heart on its sleeve and Winter plays herself to a crowd-pleasing tee.
A shapeless and aimless film is padded out by a trite coming-of-age plot involving Nathan Gamble as Sawyer.
Perfectly harmless but also a bit pointless as it tries to manufacture a drama from true events that might have been better served by a documentary.
Smith keeps it swimming confidently along, propelled by decent acting, lovely cinematography and a great wave of wholesome charm.
In the end, it's the feel-good animal antics that will appeal and keep the audience on edge once peril rears its ugly head.
Mild fun ensues, but even the returning players can't divert us from all its narrative water-treading ...
A little long and rambling but it'll cheer up anyone still recovering from The Cove.
Simple and slightly sentimental, it's a decent, feelgood affair but one with its heart in the right place.
Bland and mushy stuff indeed.
Dolphin Tale 2 plays out in a fairly tedious way; there's a brief period in a child's development when they will actively seek new and serious drama, yet might still accept fare as bland as this.
As was the original, 'Dolphin Tale 2' is a prime example of excellent family filmmaking that is sentimental without being cloyingly sweet.
Director Smith, who also wrote the script, does a good job in moving the film along.
Dolphin Tale 2 lacks a bit of the dramatic heft of the first film, but that's a minor complaint given the satisfaction this sequel generates.
Wait—is this a lesbian dolphin dating movie?
If you don't have youngsters in tow, there's no reason to waste any time with this.
Prepare to have Dolphin Tale 2 shred your cynicism and feed it to the sharks.
The movie itself seems to be in mourning, which turns a crowd-pleasing look at a plucky dolphin and the humans who refused to give up on her into a joyless dirge.
Fans of the original will love this wholesome sequel.
How can you not like a movie as good-hearted as this one?
This is innocuous, heart-in-the-right-place family fare, but its well-earned points about animal rights and preservation would be better taken if the relentless sentimentality didn't force viewers into flippers-in-the-air submission.
With its important lessons of opportunity and hope, the sequel makes for fine family entertainment.
This sensitive, splashing sequel is family-friendly fun.
A pleasant follow-up that's more meaningful than its predecessor, touching on a few choice adolescent dilemmas before it plunges back into Disney Channel-esque habits that are harsh on the senses.
Dolphin Tale 2 is not a kiddie film with annoying animated character, and it gives a chance for some family viewing that the adults can appreciate as well.
No splashy special effects---but lots of real splashes, and plenty of emotion centered around one fin-tastic dolphin, Winter, whose true tale continues to uplift and inspire.
Some angst away from the dolphin tank feels like padding, but there's enough bona fide narrative to please tomorrow's marine biologists and their parents.
It's a pleasingly conscientious effort that merges the fantasies of the genre with some reality of the traumas of moving into maturity.
In a world full of cheapened, bombastic entertainment aimed at children, this modest, honest little movie feels special in its own way.
For audiences just looking for some more cute dolphin antics, Dolphin Tale 2 delivers.
If you'd like to pay to see the same film twice, be my guest. At least this one isn't in 3D.
...proves to be remarkably joyless when compared to the corny but effective charms of its predecessor.
"Dolphin Tale 2" cares about the right things: the details of marine rescue, the dedication of the individuals involved, and the lives and personalities of the animals under their care.
Harry Connick Jr. keeps the ship on a steady course as the dedicated scientist and father, perhaps not the signature role he was dreaming of, but one that fits like a wetsuit.
You have to be the second coming of Hitler or Ray Rice not to have your heart warmed by all of that cuteness.
You'd be hard pressed to find a movie more wholesome and well intentioned.
Children will revel in Dolphin Tale 2 with its rapturous, lovingly filmed sequences of dolphins playing, swimming, and generally frolicking about with each other and with their human friends.
This sequel should entertain the youngsters while not boring and certainly not annoying any parents or other adults accompanying them. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
"Dolphin Tale 2" doesn't have a pessimistic bone in its body. Indeed, the film is so earnest that one almost feels like a curmudgeon having to criticize it.
A lovely family-friendly tale that amazingly carries on the story without losing any of its predecessor's charms.
This is exceedingly mild entertainment.
It's wholesome, engaging and rife with impressive aquatic photography.
Dolphin Tale 2 is a safe family film but that doesn't make up for it being a lackluster attempt to generate a few more bucks for the franchise.
A sun-drenched pleasure for the whole family, heartwarming, funny, and beautifully performed by all, including Winter and Hope.
There's some lovely underwater cinematography and a few dollops of suspense. But Dolphin Tale 2 is mostly an easy, breezy ride that will please younger audiences and their parents with its message of resilience and hope.
"Dolphin Tale 2" is both uneventful and predictable, but it deserves credit for treating its nonhuman characters with respect.
Dolphin Tale 2 is a slow-moving anomaly, delivered when most kids' films tumble over one another to see which can deliver the thrills faster and funnier.
Smith has an eye for knockabout farce and for untrammeled beauty, and his camera is always in the right place to capture the ecstatic sight of dolphins in motion.
A satisfying continuation of the story of the dolphin with a prosthetic tail that shows that animals have emotions and feel things deeply.
A pleasant, innocuous family movie that's rather short on energy but compensates with loads of earnestness.
a solid family entertainment.
Gamble and Zuehlsdorff are likable. Neither their looks nor their acting is airbrushed. Like Connick, they know the value of restraint.
Sweet and cheesy.
It's kind of sad to see Rufus the Pelican getting way more screen time and plot significance than characters played by Kris Kristofferson and Ashley Judd.
Once Bethany Hamilton of "Soul Surfer" fame shows up for stunning group-swim cameos, the shallower story is instantly forgiven.
A coo-inducing movie that runs on autopilot without veering into the realm of bad taste.
It's worth wading through some sugary-sweet human drama, and the occasional wooden line delivery, for that intimate look at nature.
Founding itself on the values of seizing responsibility and setting sail out into the world, the saccharine, sleepy sequel could actually be a pretty valuable experience for young viewers.
Like its predecessor, Dolphin Tale 2 is a family-friendly story with a heart-warming and wise message of healing.
The new avant-garde film 'Dolphin Tale 2' features the kind of experimental narrative you see in the films of Andy Warhol and the novels of Nicholson Baker.
A positive message and solid animal performances make a winning combination.
At least they brought back the pelican.
The original "Dolphin Tale" was so anodyne it felt like a 1950s TV series: episodic problems resolved in an ultrasafe atmosphere, often by parental, generally fatherly, advice. This is more of the same.
Even for a movie about complying with USDA regulations, "Dolphin Tale 2" is a little lacking in excitement.
Harmless, dull, inferior to the original.
Even in strained moments, there is a sincerity to Dolphin Tale 2, an ambition to be more than an easy sequel, making it satisfying.
It remains an appealing fantasy about super-teens saving sick animals.
This pleasantly old-fashioned family drama... [feels] a bit less winning and a bit more educational than its predecessor.
Dolphin Tale 2 is perfect fare for budding marine biologists, and solid if unspectacular entertainment for the families who indulge them.
A "what happened next" DVD extra that got stretched to feature length.
Dolphin Tale 2 is another engaging film inspired by the real-life inhabitants of the Clearwater Marine Aquarium.
Much of "Dolphin Tale 2″ is as on-the-nose as Hope's name, but parents aren't likely to object to a film that provides squeaky clean entertainment without sending gag reflexes into overdrive.
A good-hearted kids' drama whose earnestness and surprising moral complexity put other sunny-weepy sea-mammal flicks to shame.
Writer-director Charles Martin Smith's tin ear for dialogue and contrived symbolism is as unmistakable as his enormous heart.

@highlight

Much like its predecessor, Dolphin Tale 2 offers animal antics and sweet, old-fashioned drama that the whole family can enjoy.