The movie feels sentimental but never cheesy: Our allegiances shift throughout, until we decide everyone deserves our sympathy, everyone has reasons.
a gob of yuletide Play-Doh
The Family Stone works hard to warm the cockles of our hearts. The cast is attractive. The sentiments are commendable. But the love Bezucha wants us to feel for the family couldn't possibly compete with the love they already feel for themselves.
I loved it.
The farcical elements are much too loaded to provide any real fun, and the Stones come off more as sanctimonious, politically correct left-wing prigs than enchanting.
The movie feels a lot like slacker brother Ben: a little sloppy, mostly predictable, some flashes of poignancy and wisdom, but ultimately doesn't live up to its potential.
What's so refreshing about Thomas Bezucha's The Family Stone is how it plays off of genre expectations and effortlessly switches back and forth between comedy, romance and tragedy.
Tocante sem ser melodramático, desenvolve bem seus personagens, cujas interações soam sempre reais. Além disso, o filme oscila com segurança entre o drama e a comédia e conta com um elenco formidável.
...turns from endearing to phony even before the first carol is sung.
.
Una comedia dramática absolutamente menor, con personajes potencialmente atractivos pero finalmente inverosímiles y estereotipados.
The Family Stone is a movie for everyone, especially during the holidays.
Thomas Bezucha who wrote and directed wanted it to build up to a romantic and madcap third act, perhaps a bit like MOONSTRUCK, but somehow it seems forced.
Direction, acting, and even the dialogue are strong -- absolutely top notch. They are the work of professionals. It's the story line that bottlenecks the whole process.
This film is clearly a vehicle for Parker. We wouldn't want to waste all the "Sex and the City" steam now would we?
I can't deny the incidental pleasures of watching these talented players giving it their all, even in such a misguided project.
A miserable misfire that might explain why so many people take their own lives during the holidays.
The Stone's cruelty is a delight, especially when it turns out Parker actually is a giant loser.
Like most family holiday gatherings, [it's] awkward and a bit loud in places, but filled with good humor and packed with familiar faces who give you a warm cozy feeling all over.
Rings true in both a comedic and dramatic sense.
...hits upon a couple of sad truths.
In a time when even movie reviews are quick to qualify everything by perceived left or right leanings, The Family Stone's critique of those who conform their values to political dogma has pertinence.
Go ahead--throw the first stone. Throw it right at the screen. Take aim, wind up and let the rocks rip.
The third act is marred by a moment of triteness that is uncharacteristic of the delicious and subtle complexity of the rest of the movie. Not your standard holiday family drivel!
The romantic realignments, which come later in the film, become transparent almost immediately.
Showered with such gifts as McAdams and Danes, Bezucha surprisingly squeezes precious few laughs out of his syrupy yuletide cider.
A wildly uneven, poorly-written film without much entertainment value.
This is wonderful; it has heart and humor.
Let's just call it Meet the Stepmom for the Holidays and be done with it.
One of those films that succeeds not because it surprises you, but because it does what you want it to do -- and it does so pretty well.
So determined to pair everyone up, whether logically or not, you'd think Noah's Ark was coming to town
Like the character of Meredith, the film's bravado cannot mask a messy soul but should be given respect for showing up and sticking it out.
Nothing like a little poignancy to mask a distasteful Christmas brew. But Rachel McAdams is hot.
As one of the more likable holiday films to come around in a long time, the comedy The Family Stone will also surprise you with its depth and emotional appeal.
And here, just in time for the holidays, is a television movie all dressed like a feature film.
The dark humor is amusing enough to suck you into the film, and the melodramatic conclusion will send you out of the theater with a tear in your eye.
The movie's stock base: pat revelations and cheap manipulations.
Gleefully irreverent and proudly offbeat in its rhythmic mix of pluckiness and pathos, Bezucha's festive family farce is up front and center.
One of the things I like about The Family Stone is that the characters seem real. They may have some quirks, but they're realistic quirks, not those devised by an overly clever screenwriter.
There are just too many damn characters, with the best ones taking a backseat to the dullish love quadrangle.
It feels forcibly formulaic and yet sort of daringly original, all at the same time.
One of those cloying familiar whacky holiday formulaic sitcom drama/comedies that is what it is.
A terrific screwball comedy in its own right, like a more erudite Meet the Parents.
Ultra-contrived, but delivers an important message about tolerance.
Disappointing and ultimately irritating film that fails on several counts, despite a handful of strong performances.
It's worth two hours for those who appreciate this kind of workmanlike, low-risk drama.
Just desolately average.
The delightful Stone family becomes the villain, and we're left unsure whether to crow in triumph when [Meredith] flees or hope she returns with a bazooka and blows the house up. It's this moral ambivalence that makes this thing so interesting.
Richly satisfying, The Family Stone takes us from laughter to tears and back again
This year's lump of cinematic coal has a diamond blazing inside.
[The film] at times approximates the cozy hostility that can permeate real-life family gatherings. But then the movie's snap turns to sap, and edgy comedy becomes standard gazing-at-the-Christmas-tree warm fuzziness.
Some will find it touching, some will be too weary of the plot contrivances and the smug Stone family to care.
A feel-bad holiday film about a repellent family, with a milquetoast dad and a smug, devious harpy of a mom.
Strangely, though, it's not an overdose of sentimentality that makes the family - - and the film - - so hard to buy. It's that most of its members are so blithely cruel.
This is one busy wannabe heart-tugger.
Indie director Bezucha has held on to just enough individuality to breathe a little life into the cliches.
The Family Stone is a lot slyer than you might expect.
There are cringe-worthy passages and an overly sentimental structure (everyone pairs up so very tidily), but the performances are delightful, and the picture comes together.
Thomas Bezucha applies just the right light touch to the film, layering in strong dollops of wit, wackiness and warmth, making it among the best of its type.
The Family Stone is like a festively wrapped gift box that contains that special sweater you wanted - - only in the wrong size.
In the spirit of the holiday family saga, I cry, Uncle.
'The Family Stone' is a cliche-ridden disaster that wants desperately to be a holiday tear-jerker, but mostly pushes all the wrong buttons.
It doesn't matter how many fine actors are assembled in a film, if the script is terrible, then the movie can't be good.
In the aggregate, though, it's a fractious Christmas spent with unpleasant relatives you'd rather avoid.
It's movie comfort food - - a few good laughs, a few winks of recognition, a few tears.
The Family Stone is almost totally emotionally bankrupt.
The Family Stone is a satisfying, big-hearted celebration of diversity that will brighten holiday moviegoing - - at least in the blue states.
Good acting only goes so far to salvage a bad script.
The Family Stone carries itself like a shotgun wedding at a drive-through Vegas wedding chapel. The romance is rushed, but it's pretty darn entertaining.
A machine-tooled entertainment that's as fake and flimsy as a plastic Christmas tree.
An unpalatable slice of leftover holiday turkey ...
The angry scenes are shattering, the funny scenes are sidesplitting and the sadder scenes dutifully earn their tears.
The Family Stone should have been a glittering holiday bauble along the lines of the irresistible Love Actually. Instead, Bezucha stuffs into our stockings what he thinks is good for us.
Moments of high hilarity and cringe-inducing honesty are scattered throughout The Family Stone.
Warm up your belly muscles and grab a box of tissues. When it doesn't have you aching with laughter, The Family Stone will have you sobbing like a little girl.
It's the kind of warm-hearted, insightful comedy that should become a holiday viewing tradition.
It plays almost like Terms of Endearment crossed with the feel-good yule romance Love Actually.
So check your disbelief at the door, bring along a mini-packet of Kleenex, and brace yourself for Two-Ply and the Family Stone.
What was supposed to be a jewel turns out to be a simple Christmas trinket.
The film ping-pongs between wacky comedy and heavy drama, and it is so heavy on plot and character that it takes on a sitcomlike quality.
When The Family Stone did touch me, I had such mixed feelings, I half-wished the movie had kept its hands to itself.
Suddenly we're wiping away tears, glancing around to make sure no one noticed we had fallen for this steaming cup of melodrama.
It's all fairly obvious and manipulative, though it manages to pander no more than average, and does contain a fair bit of wry humor and wit.
The movie is a holiday romantic comedy that wants to put the holiday romantic comedy out of business.
I don't mind being manipulated as long as it's done well, and writer/director Thomas Bezucha knows how to steer an audience. A great first 'studio' film for Bezucha!
Family is a four-letter word in the literate and smartly acerbic Christmas comedic drama The Family Stone, a relationship smorgasbord of acting talent coming together to produce one of the most perceptive holiday features in years.
Like most of these family get-together films, it's not quirky enough to be interesting or amusing enough to be funny. The drama sometimes weighs as much as mom's fruitcake.
Rarely have I seen such a maudlin, manipulative, mean-spirited mess masquerading as a holiday comedy.
The Family Stone could have been worse. This dysfunctional family 'comedy' could have been directed by critic's darling Wes Anderson...
After a bit of a rocky start, The Family Stone blossoms into a beautifully crafted morass of dysfunctionality.
So, despite its flaws, there is plenty to like, just like any family.
[A] pleasingly off-kilter domestic comedy.
While some may roll their eyes at the outrageous fantasyland the Stones live in, others will look at it with wistfulness. Either way, it's a fun place.
Features a nice ensemble in a story about family prejudice dynamics.
Even with an empty tank of ideas by the end of the picture, Stone still remains worthy of a view, providing that desired blast of familial idiosyncrasies just in time for the holiday season.
The movie is wonderful as a drama, and wonderful when a comedy, but when the scenes are placed side by side, it's a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde movie mish mash.
... pleasant enough company, but it's a bit like playing charades with the same titles over and over.
Bezucha's film accurately captures the forlorn hysteria of those few days when love should be the primary emotion and not judgmental claustrophobia.
just when it seems we're going to be stuck with nothing more than a well-played, holidays-are-hell comedy, Bezucha spins the story in a different, far more rewarding direction.
Sort of like Meet the Parents... at Christmastime... without the laughs.
An absolute freakin' nightmare.
This is a family, and a movie, where everyone talks at once -- and more often than you'd think, its characters actually come up with something worth saying.
The movie's warmth is contagious. Too bad its humor isn't.
Hollywood is always making family comedies, but they are rarely about real families: relations who are as difficult as they are wonderful, people who both love and irritate the heck out of each other. Families like The Family Stone.
A lump of coal brightened by four diamond-sharp performances.
Not the kind of family you'd want to spend an hour with, much less a weekend.
I can't think of an instance in which a film went from under-the-radar to wildly overhyped with the same speed as The Family Stone.
Though the laughs are intact, serious subplots... add an unwelcome weight that shifts the whole thing off-kilter.
This is pleasing holiday fare that may stay with you through the first months of 2006.
Could we please declare a moratorium on funny-sad movies about dysfunctional families, especially families that come together for the holidays?
With a few more polishes, ...may have almost sparkled, but it's been left with too many flaws to quite make the grade.
There are many ways to define the shrieking awfulness of The Family Stone, from the general lack of wit to the cheap exploitation of cancer to its casual cruelty.
The Family Stone introduces a fun and agreeable bunch of people to hang around with, even if they never say or do anything worth remembering.
The Family Stone shows us the world through several different sets of eyes, and, by the end, we see exactly what they see.
As a comedy, The Family Stone is more easy listening than rock-and-roll, but some of the performances (notably from McAdams and Nelson) are comfortable and affecting.
With intelligence and unforced spirit to spare, The Family Stone is that rare widely commercial motion picture worth embracing.
It tries way too hard to give you the sense of familiarity - - like, you already know these people, they're your family, so why develop the characters? Except we don't, and they aren't.
Hits every conceivable chord, no matter how much of a stretch.
The Family Stone spends too much time on unconvincing romantic-comedy contrivances to be consistently engaging.
[H]omey and warm and comfortable and family style and like a big plate of hot-from-the-oven Christmas cookies spiked with walnuts to cut the sweetness.
Thomas Bezucha weaves a cozy blanket of loving dysfunction and wraps it around a delightfully funny cast.
The Family Stone sorts out its characters admirably, depends on typecasting to help establish its characters more quickly, and finds a winding path between happy and sad secrets.
The Family Stone aims to please, and lands precisely on so-so.
Almost everything about The Family Stone is so schematic and prefabricated that it should come with its own easy-to-follow blueprint.
A potentially interesting tale flailing haplessly in the quicksand of holiday-movie formula, this domestic dramedy from writer-director Thomas Bezucha is most potently read in reverse of its intentions.
What's striking and, to my bloodshot eye, welcome about this year's edition, The Family Stone, is the rather chic urbanity with which writer-director Thomas Bezucha serves up the old genre standby.
The plot is motored more by convenience than credible character behavior and for much of the time, the cockles of our hearts remain unwarmed.
If this movie doesn't put you in the Christmas spirit, you're either dead...or Jewish.
Yet another of those dysfunctional-family-at-the-holidays movies that aim to elicit smiles of recognition but are more likely to make you wince in pain.
Busts your holiday sweets-stuffed gut with farcical laughter.
a rare family comedy for grown-ups that's worth your time.
Sarah Jessica Parker's nimble performance is reason alone to see this creaky fairy tale about a Manhattan executive marrying into an unhappy family.
I love it dearly. I have seen it twice. I will see it again. If there is any hope for the longevity of movies, it will become an annual holiday classic.
As overstuffed as a Christmas turkey.
Are you aching for a great big Christmas downer? Look no further.
A rank slice of Christmas cheese.
Who doesn't enjoy wallowing in another family's miserable holiday dynamic?
Clumsy, well-meaning, and almost rescued by the amazing Diane Keaton.
A smart, tart but mildly undercooked Christmas pudding.
It's hard to fathom why anyone would voluntarily endure a holiday family reunion movie (hereafter HFRM) -- a genre devised solely to demonstrate how grotesque and how heartwarming families can be.
Despite its flaws, The Family Stone sparkles bright with originality.
Not unlike a Douglas Sirk melodrama, with secrets and prejudices boiling under jovial appearances.
A film that is staggeringly accurate, sometimes painfully accurate, in capturing the dynamic of a smart, funny, tightly knit family unit.
Bezucha deftly avoids stereotypes to bring us an entertaining and honest family comedy.
Writer-director Thomas Bezucha lays it on thick, but he knows the mad-dog anarchy of family life and gives the laughs a sharp comic edge.
Taking the fish out of water concept to the extreme, this old-fashioned holiday comedy tries to revive Capra's zany screwball comedies like You Can't Take It With You
A funny and emotionally resonant family drama about the value of seeing everyone as a work in progress and transcending our provisional and limited judgments of them.










@highlight

This family holiday dramedy features fine performances but awkward shifts of tone.