That's where the brilliance of the film clicks in: What these characters are facing isn't all that different from the human prospect in general.
It's a genre-defying melancomedy that manages to be good science fiction and a moving romance at the same time. Best of all, it never cheats you with false optimism about the fate of the world.
Could there be a more opportune time for this topic? Will that pack 'em in the theaters? Not likely. It's hectic while lacking tension, thus paradoxically ending up both irritating and boring simultaneously.
Carell could have given the performance of his life (he doesn't), and the film would have remained a cliché-ridden mess with a narrative built on convenience and coincidence.
There's an entire world out there that's about to end, and this movie zooms in on the two least interesting people in it.
Carell possesses a knack for these comedic-tinged dramatic parts, subtly layering on the pathos while slyly exploiting his character's vulnerability.
A certain generosity of spirit is required here, but the performances are excellent and the central premise ... is a solid and amusing one.
Seeking a Friend mocks the modern rom-com formula, but its apocalyptic gags soon give way to a heart-breaking love story.
'Seeking a Friend for the End of the World' is funny, but also profound and tragic.
Scafaria's brand of refreshingly sharp wit and insight will deliver for her fans but it wouldn't be the end of the world if you sought the movie out on the home video circuit.
A heartfelt romantic-comedy that turns a predictable story into a genuinely enjoyable adventure.
Seeking a Friend is two potentially great films fused into one. Unfortunately, the two halves don't peacefully coincide...
Seeking A Friend for the End of the World is one of my favorite movies of the year; I loved every minute of it, especially any time Carell and Knightley get to share the screen and talk.
While the idea of impending doom might suggest darker themes and a downbeat plot, this is an altogether calmer-geddon, with a muted, nuanced lead performance from Steve Carell, a cool-kid soundtrack and heartwarming overtones.
Each scene plays out like a cleverly crafted vignette that gives the film a freshness and propulsion often missing from the romantic comedy genre. It also doesn't hurt to throw the looming apocalypse in there for good measure.
Writer/director Lorene Scafaria moves her apocalyptic rom-com into new territory for such a formula-driven genre.
Heart and humour in the countdown to Armageddon.
Lorene Scafaria, the screenwriter behind Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist, makes a charming directorial debut with Seeking a Friend for the End of the World.
"Knock knock." "Who's there?" "Armageddon". "Armageddon who?" "Armageddon tired of watching this lousy movie."
A funnier, deadly ironic ending was surely on the cards, but even without, this is a disarming, largely entertaining smattering of philosophies and worldviews.
Scafaria makes sure that the apocalypse may be in full impact but the importance of having each other at the last moment is the lasting, comforting thought.
With a few surprises in store and some good music choices, this is a little gem of a film.
Brilliantly sweet and snarky.
Intelligence and subtle wit inform debut director Lorene Scafaria's heartfelt look at unlikely romance blossoming in the shadow of Earth's obliteration by a giant asteroid.
This is half a good film but hardly a wholly satisfactory one.
[It] unfortunately invites a lethal dose of scepticism towards its cutesy last-ditch matchmaking, obligatory road-trip plotting, and thinly funny jibes at the rest of humankind.
It's played out in such a saccharine and whimsical manner that the only impact felt is that of the asteroid.
Knightley gives her most dreadful performance yet - mannered and irritating while striving to be adorable, like a manic pixie - and Carell just stares at her as though he can't believe his bad luck.
All the heightened emotions and the outrageous urgency of [romantic comedies] are actually appropriate here. All the absurdities that define the genre -- not accidentally but deliberately -- suddenly work in its favor, and not against it.
As ever, without a funny script, Carell looks and sounds like the world's creepiest serial killer.
Seeking a Friend for the End of the World is as insufferable as its title.
A failed attempt to mix genres, made worse by a lot of misplaced schmaltz.
The mash-up of skewed love and black humour shouldn't work...but it does thanks to the off-kilter chemistry between Carell and Knightley and a narrative that touchingly propels their burgeoning romance to the bitter end.
An enjoyably quirky, frequently funny and ultimately moving comedy-drama with a pair of terrific performances from Steve Carell and Keira Knightley.
Carell and Knightley do their best to make it lively and touching but the characters are, by turns, dull and irritating, and I never really believed in or cared about their relationship.
Though it's clear we're meant to be moved by the big finale, the sight of these two together is so unsettling it's hard not to start rooting for the asteroid.
Perhaps not as funny or affecting as you'd hope, but Carell and Knightley make for good company for the darkest days.
It's chemistry; sometimes the magic works and sometimes it doesn't.
World a Beautiful Look at the End
The sugary third act might be as sappy as the first is dark, but there are comforts in this apoca-romcom - not least Carell's sad-eyed, soulful turn.
A thoughtful look at the unthinkable, Lorene Scafaria preserves impending doom with humor and a new appreciation for tomorrow.
There are jarring changes in mood, which may be as appropriate as they are unsettling.
It's the end of the world -- again
Scafaria creates a bittersweet funny film brimming with humanity in all its glorious imperfection. The flip side of Melancholia, with a brilliant juggle of emotions threading throughout.
A modest, mismanaged tale of the apocalypse.
Replete with some funny cameos by the likes of Rob Corddry and Patton Oswalt, it nonetheless ends up casting its eye over the least interesting characters onscreen.
Is it a love story, a black comedy or what? It is a little bit of everything until the very end when the movie finally pays off.
...a romcom without the com, and not a lot of rom.
a movie surprisingly rich in humor and heart.
Here's the silver lining in the dark cloud of mankind's doom: Even a mopey insurance salesman in a Rick Santorum sweater vest can find true love with a sexy young free spirit with a hip vinyl record collection.
"Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" is at best a guilty pleasure thanks to Keira Knightly's presence. At worst, it's a movie that bides its audience's time on the way to certain death.
Dodge and Penny are too busy being quirky indie creations instead of human beings, too adrift in their own world to connect in any meaningful way with ours.
Goes for a mixture of tones and genres and always ends up returning to a an exceedingly light dramatic state that fits both actors' limitations rather perfectly.
Steve Carell and Keira Knightley make for one of the most unlikely and yet one of the most touching romantic couples of the year.
Even if there weren't really only 21 days left until the world goes kablooey, you wouldn't want to waste your precious time watching this.
We've seen Carell be mopey before. In fact, I say we declare him King of the Mopes!
Feeble and cloying from midway to its final throes, it begins with a bang but - inappropriately for the scenario - goes out with a whimper.
It's a stunner. Unlike many other romantic comedies of recent years, it's actually funny and actually romantic -- heartbreakingly so, since there's no "happily ever after" part.
Often, the film seems to tiptoe up to something potentially scary or disturbing and then backs away fast.
The concept is stronger than the execution in this bittersweet story of lost souls finding comfort in one another in dire circumstances.
[A]musing flashes of imagination. . . . turn into a conventional road movie, with usual. . . quirky characters. . . Carell and Knightley [not] a convincing romantic couple.
A formulaic, predictable romantic comedy with an apocalyptic twist.
Call it this summer's Garden State. Tag it this season's 500 Days of Summer. Either way, it's clear that this is the sort of top-notch humanist picture that's always appreciated at a time when most other movies are striving to be the biggest and the best.
Seeking an audience for the most charming end of the world story.
Stale but safe apocalyptic romcom.
A mopey, indie effort featuring Steve Carell and Keira Knightley as the mismatched Romeo and Juliet of the Apocalypse...
Funny, haunting and thought-provoking.
This is an exceedingly promising directorial debut for Scafaria, who adapted the winning romance Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist.
Fortunately for viewers, Carell and Knightley do work well together -- their performances are a saving grace, and the culmination of their story is surprisingly sweet and moving.
The genuine sweetness of the friendship that develops between these two wins out over any of the movie's failings.
Rarely has the apocalypse seemed so sweet.
...the film, in the end, makes a far more pronounced impact on the viewer than one might've reasonably expected.
Loved the first 20 minutes or so. What starts out as an engaging comedy-drama lurches into a clunky road movie-wimpy love story.
By the end, I was just seeking an honest emotion.
Don't wait until the end of the world to see it.
It's a sign of just how deeply annoying the movie is that you long for this planet-destroying space rock to arrive in half the time so that everyone onscreen will die sooner.
Funny, heartbreaking, touching, witty, thought-provoking, and emotionally engaging (but not for younger kids). (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
The film doesn't go far enough in exploring the unique setting, playing things safe when they should be outrageous.
It's a funny movie, yet it keeps the darkness right under the surface, for easy access.
I can think of only one way in which the last scene of this film could have possibly been better and that is if it had also been the first scene of "Rock of Ages."
Vacillating between unpredictability and ordinariness, Seeking a Friend doesn't exactly go out with a whimper, although a little more vitality wouldn't hurt.
An intriguing, effects-free take on the apocalypse genre, shifting nimbly between dark comedy and outright despair.
A movie that may be, in its own small, weird way, the most bizarrely bittersweet and oddly beautiful romance you've seen in quite awhile.
The problem with this nice-try comedy is the nice-guy protagonist.
It can be quite funny when they encounter crazies, but the earnest parts are a killer, and may elicit more groans than laughs overall.
Scafaria seems to get disoriented by her own scenario, boxing herself into an apocalypse whose initial absurdities feel so wonderfully right, but where to go from there?
It's too bad the movie chose to go so gentle into that good night.
"Seeking a Friend for the End of the World'' has its laughs, but pretty much every single one of them is in the trailer.
Unsure whether it wants to be a quirky, sad-eyed indie pixie or a brassy, raunchy broad, it veers uneasily between the two, never quite settling into a comfortable or recognizable groove.
It may be one of the bleakest mainstream comedies ever released, but viewers willing to go with it will find a conclusion that isn't depressing so much as it is wondrously bittersweet.
It's very difficult to mix comedy and drama, and writer/director Lorene Scafaria proves it.
Turns out the coming obliteration of creation not only distorts the judgment of romantic leads, but also filmmakers.
There are some truly affecting moments in this unusual, melancholic comedy.
If you give yourself over to its 'what if' premise, it turns out to be funny and moving and thought-provoking. Cynics need not apply.
Sweet and droll and kind of inert.
What starts off as almost a sketch comedy with broad humor turns into an intimate character piece about 2 unlikely individuals forming a strong bond.
Embraces the pessimism that could, would, and, well, probably should accompany the prospect of facing an event that will ... wipe out every human being on the planet.
Despite stellar performances there is an overcast of shifting moods and a forced love story.
There's nothing very funny about the apocalypse, and as a result, Seeking a Friend is never able to become the movie it wants to be.
This is a romantic comedy for people who don't like rom-coms. There's no chance of a happy ending, but its tender mercies speak volumes.
"Seeking a Friend for the End of the World," a half-tender portrait of two very lonely hearts in the closing weeks of humanity's run on Earth, is a strange movie.
It seems downright unfair that billions of people have to die so that a middle-aged sad sack can cop a cuddle with a cute, younger bohemian neighbor.
While there are some amusing moments involving the film's stellar cast of second bananas, the "quirky" and utterly artificial love story at its center makes Armageddon feel like the preferable option.
A top-notch cast and a sure sense of tone and pacing.
Starts out edgy and dark but turns progressively softer, ending up as a sappy reaffirmation that love conquers all...deteriorates into schmaltz by the close.
"Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" has plenty of tonal problems -- given the concept, how could it not? -- but Carell's introspective, dryly funny performance is a consistent delight.
Like a comet that narrowly avoids colliding with Earth, Seeking a Friend for the End of the World misses the mark.
The primary movement of attraction is always appealing, though Scafaria unfortunately pours on the syrup in the end. However, it's a mild disruption to an otherwise welcome love story and a most unusual apocalyptic comedy.
Scafaria, who made such a splash with her cheeky screenplay adaptation of "Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist" in 2008, is simply over her head here.
Like the romance it portrays, Seeking a Friend for the End of the World is brief, sweet, funny and sad.
A powerful and poignant waiting for the end-of-the-world film that revolves around the quest of two people to find love as the best shelter against the impending disaster.
Seeking a Friend for the End of the World offers the beats of a series of bad news / worse news jokes. This is not necessarily a good thing.
One of the year's most emotionally affecting movies.
A subdued tale told in a string of alternately rollicking and somber, but equally predictable, on-the-road vignettes.
Don McKellar's 1999 film "Last Night" hit on all the same beats...[this one] doesn't always work, but when it does it can be gently funny or genuinely moving.
Carell and Knightley give it their bittersweet best. But I never rooted for them as a couple. And in a romance, even one with tragic notes, that really is the end of the world.
Writer-director Scafaria avoids so many pitfalls that I'm tempted to praise the movie for what it doesn't do.
The movie grinds gears as it shifts moods, and the one thing that does unify it - Carell's downbeat, muttering performance - begins to wear after awhile.
Lorene Scafaria, making her feature debut as writer-director, scores numerous laughs off the social dislocation that follows as people realize the apocalypse is imminent.
It's one kind of movie for its first half, and then becomes something different and less interesting the further it goes on.
"Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" struggles to find its voice.
A sunny, charming apocalypse film that overcomes its contrived premise. Even the off-beat pairing of Steve Carell and Keira Knightley works better than you'd imagine.
I really, really wish I could recommend "Seeking." I think writer/director Lorene Scafaria is an interesting talent.
When Seeking took hold of me, completely and without warning, I was digging for tissues. It's a lovely surprise for the official start of summer.
As Seeking a Friend for the End of the World crawls toward its sentimental finale, you're rooting for that asteroid to get here, quick.
What it doesn't have is a way of making sense of its comic and dramatic strains, together, in the same movie.
One of the uneasiest mixes of humour and drama you'll ever see.
Mistaking friendship for true love represents an unfortunate, ultimately empty miscalculation, at the end of the world or early enough to choose more wisely.
As the brittle humour quietly transforms into something remarkably emotional, the film gets under our skin in ways we never expect.
"Seeking" is a movie you have to give time to work. It was written and directed by the woman who wrote "Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist," so you owe it that much.
Think of it as a greeting-card version of the end of times. Self-consciously winsome. Decorous.
Scafaria has to work beneath the inevitable looming gloom or else chicken out, and that's a question that ultimately distracts from the characters' dramatic development.
Bittersweet moments that remind us of the importance of family, questions of faith, the nature of forgiveness and facing mortality are handled deftly but the swings in mood are unsettling.
Predictable, contrived, sappy and, ultimately, against all odds, remarkably fulfilling.
There's real wisdom and honesty to the way this improvised friendship plays out, as both characters struggle to leave this mortal coil with some perspective and dignity.
It amounts to sort of a romanic comedy, although it makes no promises of providing a happy ending.
[Scafaria] stumbles in her efforts to craft a love story between Dodge and Penny.
So clueless that its predictable 'Seize the day! Follow your bliss!' messages inadvertently make a case for its own irrelevance.
... a heartfelt yet flawed look at the frailties of being human in a desperate time.
The road trip loses steam as it chugs along, with the film's insistence to avoid Hollywood disaster tropes taking a toll on the entertainment value.
This sociological study of the human mind is more compelling than the story of Dodge and Penny.
In her directorial debut, Lorene Scafaria doesn't flinch from the big questions, though she does fall back on some easy answers.
In our summertime-movie world of aliens and superheroes who look all too familiar, Dodge and Penny look all the rarer in their precious humanity.
I liked "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World," the notes it hit, the questions it asked. And if Scafaria is guilty of playing on emotions, at least she's good at it.
Purports to tell a story we see in movies all the time from a perspective we never see, but really it just swaps one genre's contrivances for another's.
Scafaria tries but ultimately doesn't succeed in adding a new type of film to the growing apocalypse-disaster genre, and it doesn't help that there's no rapport between Steve Carell and Knightley.
Overall this is a fun movie and a clever script. It's worth checking out, especially by fans of Steve Carrell and Keira Knightley.
The final scene is filled with enough emotion and reality to forgive some of the hiccups along the way.
Lorene Scafaria never nails down a tone for this rambling road trip romance, tossing together some dark humor, some rom-com contrivances and some last-minute sap for an uncomfortable, never quite satisfying combination.
Buoyed by individual moments, and by some of the inspired casting that's revealed at each stop along the way.
...Scafaria's skill here is not only in getting a wide pool of talented people to be in the film, but also in actually giving them something to do.
A feel-good/feel-bad sensibility may limit its audience appeal, but moviegoers who don't mind a little astringency in their romantic comedies will be glad they made the journey.
After so many hellish apocalypse movies, Seeking a Friend for the End of the World is intelligent, dignified and emotionally satisfying.
By turns bizarrely affectless and then prattlingly manic, much like its dual protagonists...
The casting is spectacularly wrong, and even on its own scant merits, writer-director Lorene Scafaria's screenplay has little insight into apocalyptic licentiousness, barring a tart line or two.
Seeking a Friend plays to the strengths of both leads, allowing Carell to be the controlled introvert and Knightley to portray the bubbly extrovert.
Seeking a Friend will benefit from great word of mouth and could last in theaters long enough to go out with a bang, not a whimper.
The end of the world can't come fast enough in Seeking a Friend for the End of the World, a disastrously dull take on the disaster-movie formula.
A promising premise leads to only mildly effective romantic dramedy.
Sweet, funny and sad, a little film whose charms are numerous but which never overshadow the larger issues at hand.
The movie's potential for depth ends long before the world does.
This is a truly wonderful debut from Lorene Scafaria that will find its share of fans due to the inimitable chemistry between Carell and Knightley.
A predictable, drawn-out romantic comedy that happens to be set in the shadow of impending apocalypse.
Scafaria and her two likeable leads have made a witty, warm-hearted and impressively original addition to the rom-com ranks.

@highlight

Tender, charming, and well-acted, Seeking a Friend for the End of the World is unfortunately hamstrung by jarring tonal shifts and a disappointing final act.