Filled with cliches.
The film, expertly played by actors who look as if they know exactly what they are talking about, is a bit like a voyeur's view of the Hollywood we only hear about in scandal sheets.
Shrink neatly intertwines the lives of the leading characters in a manner reminiscent of Robert Altman's Short Cuts but without that film's haunting poignancy.
A limply-organised multi-story snoozefest from Jonas Pate.
Though it dwells on the seamier side of showbiz -- a seedy, pill-popping actor and a slutty casting-couch actress turn up in subplots -- it ultimately buys into the fantasy land it had started out debunking.
Blackly funny but never as vicious as it clearly wants to be, this rather nihilistic look at modern society keeps us hooked with desperate and lost characters who all have a whiff of soulful humanity.
Sharp and edgy but with a touching warmth, this satire piques the heart as well as the funny bone.
Throw it in the shark tank with Crash, Grand Canyon, Magnolia, etc.
Shrink has fine acting, intriguing characters and moments of humor and pathos, but I left the theater feeling a bit cheated.
It's an impressively convoluted piece of writing, but it loses it shine when it becomes clear that neither Moffett nor Pate know where they are going with these stories
It's another Los Angeles movie that is alternately self-congratulatory and self-pitying...
Though a little too interconnected when it comes to narrative coincidences, the emotional intensity laced with deliciously dark humor and nasty neo-screwball wit, outweighs the gimmickry.
Man is born unto trouble as the sparks fly upward, and when those sparks emanate from a doobie clutched by Kevin Spacey, a smug critique of the American dream is sure to follow.
[The characters'] fates, naturally, intertwine, with a resolution that could only occur in Hollywood.
As all of Shrink's seemingly disparate stories begin to fall too cleverly into each other, it's easy to be distracted by some fine performances.
Spacey is mesmerizing as the "compassion fatigued" Carter. The pain and anger of his character are palpable, as is his heart-wrenching frustration.
Shrink reminds us why Kevin Spacey matters.
...ultimately less successful as a fully-realized drama than as a showcase for its myriad of talented actors.
I'm not his manager, but I wonder if Kevin Spacey would profit from laying off the sardonic, disaffected, emotionally numb characters for a while. They're criminally easy for him at this point in his career.
The characters are so flatly conceived and their dilemmas so familiar that you wonder if the filmmakers even aspired to be original. Luckily, Kevin Spacey plays Carter with scene-saving grace.
The performances will hold your attention -- Dallas Roberts is particularly manic and fetching in his role -- and the inside-Hollywood setting is a bit of a guilty pleasure.
There really was a much better comedy here than melodrama.
Some of the humor is delicious. And there are a few fine moments of truth and pathos, most of them addressing a subset of grief often ignored on film.
No one knows why bad things happen to good people. But we do know why bad things happen to good film ideas. They get ruined by poor scripts and indifferent direction.
It's ironic that the movie is called Shrink, because it practically shrinks before your eyes.
Directed by Jonas Pate and written with a nice ear for self-delusion by Thomas Moffet, Shrink mixes cliches with some pleasant surprises.
In seeking to depict the shallowness of Hollywood life, it's hard not to appear shallow yourself.
Shrink is no worse than the average Hollywood comedy. But it shows, more obviously than most, the bankruptcy of standard-issue American pop narrative, circa 2009.
It's almost farcical, and at some point, Judd Apatow is going to make one of these movies as a comedy, the way he skewered the musical biopic with Dewey Cox.
A pity-party of Hollywood narcissism.
The script by Thomas Moffett slickly satirizes the movie industry's fascination with vampires and special effects without being especially compelling or original.
Third act brings lazy storytelling, both too clean and too cute. It'd have the pre-redemption Dr. Carter running for his stash.
This is a movie for people who thought Crash was wise and profound, most of whom probably live in L.A. and know everything they know about life from watching movies.
[Spacey's] good, but the film doesn't find an emotional center, and we're left with actors acting out.
Almost everyone's miserable in Shrink--but nobody more so than a person unlucky enough to be watching it.
I felt it felt forced from the first moment into the last moment.
A strong script from writer Thomas Moffett and stellar work from Spacey are what really make this movie work.
A mildly engaging ensemble drama with decent performances, but it suffers from an overstuffed, contrived and often tedious plot that fails to pack any palpable, emotional punches.
Director Jonas Pate and screenwriter Thomas Moffett have turned this strongly cast, potentially smart tale of personal intersection among a mostly rarefied group of Los Angelenos into an irritating and unconvincing slog.
Jonas Pate's derivative L.A. indie brings few fresh revelations, but it does offer this insight: There is no more juice left in the strangers-connected-by-coincidence story line.
Shrink starts promisingly, but Jonas Pate directs his fine cast straight into a swamp of schmaltz as every loose thread of plot gets patly resolved.
As many facile conclusions as moments of wry humor.
Like smog settling over Los Angeles, a creeping sense of anomie haunts the Hollywood power players and parasites sidling nervously through Shrink.
The coincidences here are at times beyond description, the last few minutes in particular offering up a whole slew of whoppers that had me unintentionally giggling under my breath.
Ultimately too cautious for even a Valley of the Dolls insider expose. It lambasts these walking movie biz clichés, but everyone's gotta get a happy-enough ending.
Full of fake moments and 'Deep Thoughts' sentiment. It's the kind of film in which people stare regretfully into mirrors a lot.
Though it never rains frogs in Shrink, the influence of Magnolia on this sprawling portrait of West L.A.'s rich-and-miserable couldn't be more pronounced.
Spacey gives his best performance since Swimming With Sharks, and Palmer, the young star of Akeelah and the Bee, has matured into an actress of depth and nuance.
It soon becomes apparent that Shrink is exactly like virtually all [Spacey's] post-American Beauty vehicles: flashy, phony, nakedly melodramatic, and full of big actorly moments disconnected from real life.
A tart drama that probes and exposes shadowy entrails of the glamor capital but illuminating depth is not its most therapeutic effect.
A depressing drama about a Hollywood shrink who has it all and is experiencing a crisis.
Never mind the crazy cast; this weary retread of trendy multicharacter melodramas is what's really unhinged.
More than anything else, this confused, disappointing melodrama suggests it's time to call a moratorium on movies dealing with Hollywood, L.A. as a sprawling but interconnected milieu, and above all shrinks who are more troubled than their patients.
It wants to be Good Will Hunting set in the land of Entourage, but its bummed-out touchy-feeliness is every bit  as concocted as its overly jaded showbiz corruption.
Coincidenceville would have been a better title for Shrink, the film in which psychiatrist Henry Carter (Kevin Spacey) and a handful of Los Angelinos crisscross past credulity but for the convenience of showing our interrelatedness.
Not since The Informers, based catatonically on the idiotic Bret Easton Ellis book, has the screen unleashed a Hollywood abortion as dismal and dead-on-arrival as Shrink.
Hollywood movies don't get much more self-regarding than this.
The characters in Thomas Moffett's script are intriguing enough, and director Jonas Pate gets sufficiently lively work from his eclectic cast, that you end up caring about them anyway.








@highlight

Kevin Spacey's performance is almost sharp enough to save this Hollywood dramedy from itself, but in the end, he's dragged down by a cliched script and indifferent direction.