For the most part though, the honesty of the performances keeps everything afloat when it could drift into easy sentimentality.
I enjoyed it in all its cheesiness.
For some reason, teasing people about their skin color has become a big theme of brainless black comedies like this. Plus, it unfolds like one long Pepsi ad, with dialogue extolling the cola's virtues in virtually every scene.
Worthy of a 99-cent rental, if only so you can witness the howlingly awful performance by Wesley Jonathan as a self-appointed roller-disco mega-lord called "Sweetness." Kid had me in tears, I swear.
Nothing about this film is as cathartic as it tries to make itself because the characters just aren't that absorbing. Instead of tugging your heart, it just spits in your eye.
This is the 40th "skating movie" to hit the screens since Charlie Chaplin's The Rink (1915). It is neither the best nor the worst of them - skater dudes may think its cool, but 25 years ago there was the much maligned Xanadu with ELO, ONJ and (sigh!) stil
A spunky, fun little film.
It would take a critic more churlish than this one to sneer and bare chickenlike talons at Roll Bounce
The skating routines are a lot of fun to watch, filled with great choreography and backed by great tunes.
Actually one of the year's more pleasant surprises, though it misses being more than that through a combination of length and a sometimes sloppy, meandering screenplay.
A nice blast of character-driven nostalgia with the best use of Charlie Murphy and Wayne Brady since Chapelle snapped.
Roll Bounce is the season's brightest, happiest surprise.
The well-blended mix of music, humor, 70s swagger and poignancy allows "Roll Bounce" to stand out. Fun and touching.
Did I ever have fun at "Roll Bounce!"
Bow Wow's movie has no bark and no bite.
There's something very sweet about Roll Bounce but it has nothing to do with the roller rink or the skating.
Sometimes a film wins you over with its sheer exuberance and sweetness.
...a serviceable and nostalgic coming-of-age kiddie comedy that resonates...has enough heart and soul to capture the giddy delight of its festive confines.
Cinematic cotton candy, but it goes down easily, even if there's not a lot of nourishment in it.
Bow Wow is up to the challenge. "Roll Bounce" is a fun flash back film that showcases black people in a positive light, and features a thumping soundtrack to boot.
An airy, nostalgic celebration of roller disco.
This is the real deal, and it shows up the likes of pre-Eighties Xanadu and Roller Boogie poseurs with a funky, grooving panache that's all its own.
... a shamelessly familiar concoction of dramatic cliches that recalls everything from Saturday Night Fever to Strictly Ballroom to Bring It On.
as much a recollection of a simpler time or of growing up amidst a post-'60s backdrop as MTV's vacant reality show The 70's House
Mostly, Roll Bounce provides relatively wholesome family entertainment. And for parents of a certain age, it offers a nice trip down memory lane. At least for those who can stand those memories of themselves wearing all that polyester.
Dialogue allusions to the Cosby Kids and 'What's Happening!!' are played for laughs, but they're apt: This is family-friendly youth fare
They capture the high-energy world of the disco era with retro costumes, some super-fly skating, and a soundtrack that makes you want to shake your groove thing (yeah, yeah).
Bow Wow on roller skates: what more do you need to know?
It will remind you what it was like to be a teenager during the last few days of summer. And even though the plot is a little thin, you probably won't even notice until long after the music stops.
The end of the dismal summer movie season couldn't have been blessed with a more satisfying coda than the rollicking, funny, relentlessly cheery and genuinely touching spirit that makes Roll Bounce a captivating delight from start to finish.
A movie made in the spirit of: what the world needs now is a bit of innocent diversion.
A failed nostalgia trip that chronicles the kitschy highlights of 1970s pop culture without actually ever capturing the personal or social atmosphere of the era.
If it doesn't exactly kick out the jams, it does move them around a little bit.
The film can't get its rhythms right, fluctuating wildly between comedy and pathos.
Lee and Vance rely on background music and constant pop culture references to evoke the decade, which is always the easiest (and least effective) approach. Only the character of Sweetness actually seems to belong in the '70s.
In terms of strict movie-making, Roll Bounce would have been better had it done more rolling along and less bouncing around.
The movie is unfocused and moves in fits and starts, but like Lee's other work, it's extremely good-natured, and its celebration of family and friendship will connect with its target audience.
It's a movie that resists not just the temptations of the day, it resists doing or saying anything even moderately interesting about adolescence, single parenthood or a simpler time.
One of those movies that gets a couple of things exactly right.
Roll Bounce features taut skate choreography, but its storytelling isn't nearly so coordinated.
Roll Bounce has plenty of affectionate humor to balance some serious heart-tugging. And as for the roller-skating, it for sure provides a lot of razzle-dazzle action with lots of virtuoso terpsichorean touches.
Formulaic as it is, Roll Bounce is still a blast.
Not. Much. Happens. What does is predictable and trite. But it's a genial trifle with a booty-shaking vibe.
Modestly engaging entertainment.
Roll Bounce drags a little in its second hour, but it is also a rare movie that genuinely likes its characters. You will too.
The film tries to do too many different things at the same time, and the jumbling of goofy comedy and heavy drama doesn't work very well.
Roll Bounce glides along easily enough, hitting the occasional bump that stems from a script that can't figure out how to blend comedy and drama.
There's a lot of sweetness to Roll Bounce.
Lest you write this off as Bring It On on skates, the flick packs some serious family issues (hoisted by the always reliable Chi McBride) and even some social commentary on the era.
Malcolm Lee's sweet-natured dramatic comedy Roll Bounce captures the decade's texture with a well-earned nostalgia that never seems cheap.
For most adults, and kids raised on South Park, the painfully earnest story won't hold much interest.
Frothy, sentimental and thoroughly good-natured, Malcolm D. Lee's tale of coming-of-age at the roller disco doesn't have an original bone in its body, but it's as energetic, eager to please and endearing.
Definitely see it this weekend if you want 10 percent of your ticket proceeds to go to Operation USA for Hurricane Katrina relief. But please don't see it to relive 1978. Even under a roller disco ball, 1978 was never like this.
Forgive the distracting cameos by comics Mike Epps and Nick Cannon, and Roll Bounce is worth a spin.
A perfectly splendid evocation not only of the late 1970s but of a lost slice of American childhood...
...coasts on sheer joy.
Listen up, Director Malcolm D. Lee. I don't care if you are the cousin of Spike Lee, but because you are, I'm making the Reggie Miller "choke face" at you right now.
Roll Bounce puts fresh spins on both the traditional family drama and a distinctive era of American pop culture.
Affectionate retro fun that coasts on soul sounds of the '70s and Cosby Kids-styled camaraderie.
Quite possibly the finest roller disco movie ever made.
Roll Bounce plays like an overlong After School Special from the late '70s.
Comes to life only when the characters are roller skating, which is not often enough.
High-spirited, well-acted, and even a bit more substantive than I could have anticipated.
Roll Bounce wants to be everything, but the mish mash of styles and tones yields a movie that falls short of its potential.
An evocative coming of age story that is sweet, funny, touching, and completely genuine. And it has a superbly selected soundtrack of 70's gems.
Lee frequently blocks the sheer fun of the project, which is the only element he has in his favor.
Sure, it sounds like predictable disco mush, but with Bow Wow in the driver's seat, a hammy cast and a never-ending roster of zingy one-liners, it's harmless fun.
Malcolm D. Lee pays such affectionate homage to skating and '70s B-movies that you almost think they were, well, Peter Frampton or something.
A drowsy comedy about a handful of kids grooving and roller-skating, Roll Bounce has heart and good vibes but little else to recommend it.
This homage to the '70s teen movie is so on target it might as well be a '70s teen movie.
There's a nice little gem of a movie hidden within Roll Bounce, and a tired, needlessly schmaltzy one.
This nostalgic roller skate down memory lane is shored up by a performance by Bow Wow that surprises in its depth and a soundtrack that keeps toes tapping.
A portrait of a neighborhood where families are hurting, healing and helping each other.
Roll Bounce is so familiar that you're forced to entertain yourself by trying to guess which funk-disco oldie will appear next on the soundtrack: Le Freak or Kung Fu Fighting?
Has warm starring performances from Bow Wow (formerly Lil Bow Wow) and Chi McBride, who are funny, lovable and sometimes touching.
The tone, buoyant without being brainless, is such that you wonder if Roll Bounce wasn't in fact filmed in 1978, not just set in it.
Roll Bounce the new roller-skating movie set in the late 1970s can't firmly decide whether it's a knee-slapping spoof or a teary-eyed melodrama.
Director Malcolm D. Lee has a gift for finding gold nuggets of personality and comedy in the tailings of over-mined plots.
When you behold the teen boogie skaters of Roll Bounce, which is set in Chicago in 1978, those funky/silly movements give you a happy jolt of pleasure. It's hard not to notice that the kitschiness of the dancing is what makes it so...optimistic.
Unfortunately, despite the slamming soundtrack, their eventual rollerjam rivalry doesn't really get the blood up.
Bounce doesn't depart from the inspirational coming-of-age formula. But it has got enough heart and disco-fever exuberance to connect with audiences open to its feel-good mash-up of spoof and earnest saga.
Roll Bounce spins an endearing but wildly uneven coming-of-age drama set against the popular '70s phenomenon of 'jam skating.'
A frothy blend of sports drama clichés and Sixteen Candles-esque angst with a knack for authentic period detail.








@highlight

Roll Bounce dazzles us with a classic late 1970's feel, but this coming of age film could have been more than just a spin around the roller rink.