Those paying attention will note that Linda Cardellini comes close to stealing the whole movie out from under her costars.
It plays better at home than at the premium price of the movie theater
Milder than the 1st, but not Scooby-snack worthy.
I don't see how anyone, even Scooby Doo fans, could really find anything worth even remotely liking with this movie.
You could pass on both Scooby Doo films unless you really have nothing else to do one day. And I mean nothing.
...just as silly, just as juvenile, just as inane, just as witless, just as dumb as the first movie. (Blu-ray Double-Feature Edition)
The acting is so over the top that any good will developed from the first film is instantly dashed...
This bellicose, straining mess doesn't even work on the simplest diversionary level.
It is no surprise this film isn't very good, the first one wasn't very good either.
If we're lucky, films like Scooby-Doo 2 will become the exception rather than the rule.
It's guileless, designed almost to be forgotten, and its modest intentions generate no resentment [in the viewer].
The first Scooby-Doo was a passably entertaining shambles. The sequel is just a shambles.
It is good to see another good family film.
Made with greater affection for the 1969 Hanna-Barbera cartoon that inspired it, Scooby 2 is often genuinely funny and sometimes borders on clever.
Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed is actually a lot closer to the cartoons than the first... movie was, [but] they are really stupid cartoons.
It's all a terrible bore.
Well, I am now quite positive pigs have started earning their wings and Beelzebub is down in Hades having a snowball fight for the impossible just happened: I sort of liked Scooby-Doo 2.
Scooby e Salsicha continuam divertidos, mas, em vez de temerem os monstros que enfrentam, deveriam fugir do medíocre diretor Raja Gosnell.
Most of Scooby Doo 2 is kind of dumb ... better than the first
Monstrous fun for the whole family. Before you hear the critics saying it's "Doo-Doo," take an 8-year-old boy with you to the theaters and see how much fun he has.
Scooby Don't.
A handful of juvenile jokes and overblown computer effects push Doo 2 into strictly kid-cinema territory.
All hail Matthew Lillard, the main reason that "Scooby-Do 2" deserves any star rating at all.
Good-looking, mindless junk that's apt to prove tedious to anyone over the age of 10 who isn't deeply entrenched in nostalgia for mediocre cartoons from his or her youth.
Trust Hollywood to take the homeliest cartoon character [Velma] this side of Olive Oyl, cast a real looker in the part, and then play up her hubba-hubba qualities.
...wait until it hits the "dollar theater"...
The filmmakers may have captured the flavor of the popular cartoon a little too closely.
By living up to its subtitle, it's at least a vast improvement over its noxious predecessor...
The cast shuffles its way through an unending parade of eye-wrenching CGI displays, their collective body language asking the producers for their Part 2 paycheck already.
The smarter humor and in-jokes from the first are gone, which is going to lose a lot of the older audience.
(Scooby and Shaggy) get all the laughs, with such disparity that it's as if a different screenwriter (with half the wit) wrote the balance of the movie.
A light-hearted romp through nostalgia for 'Scooby-Doo' fans.
It's a terrible movie. The laughs aren't there. The stunts are stupid. There's no plot whatsoever.
Much like the Flintstones movies, this sequel is better than the original but still falls far short of the post-modern genius of its original cartoon series.
Overall, the meandering mayhem to the shoddy sequel Scooby Doo 2: Monster's Unleashed is as untested, shaky, and crooked as pesky puppy Scrappy Doo's hind leg
Essentiellement, c'est du pareil au même avec un peu plus de budget et un peu plus de nostalgie que le premier film.
Surely everyone enjoys seeing a cartoon dog light his own farts on fire as a means of staving off an enemy.
Corrects many of the problems that plagued its predecessor and returns to the general feel and campy creativity of the animated series.
Okay, if there has to be a worst film of 2004, and there HAS, then this is a good place to start looking.
The monsters are the highlight of the film, and if history is any guide, there will be more ghosts and evildoers for our wholesome heroes to battle in Scooby-Doo 3.
As little as there is to recommend in Scooby-Doo 2, it must be noted that the human cast has done an uncanny job of inhabiting their two-dimensional characters, especially Lillard.
Proving that bigger isn't necessarily better, the second live-action Scooby-Doo movie features more action and computer-generated monsters, but not funnier jokes or a more coherent script.
Monstrously silly.
The movie's almost good enough to wash the bad taste of the first Scooby-Doo movie from our mouths. Almost.
The sequel will likely be a disappointment to everyone except 10-year-old barf joke aficionados and a few stoned adults.
Although very young children may enjoy its garish blend of splashy visuals and sophomoric humor, viewers over the age of eight will find this sequel to 2002's Scooby-Doo a crushing bore.
As in the first movie, you can look at Monsters Unleashed and not find a single thing to like.
Aims directly at young Scooby-philes, playing it straight and corny and evoking nostalgic memories of episodes past.
I won't go so far as to say Scooby-Doo 2 is fun for the entire family, but if you've got a 10-year-old underfoot who needs entertaining, you could have a worse time.
Slightly more digestible than its predecessor.
Little more than 91 minutes of cheesy special effects in search of a remotely coherent story.
The rapidly aging cast is clearly in it for the cash, with not a single one fully committed to the task.
The first film was tedious in the extreme; Monsters Unleashed, though it feels way too long and padded, it shows at least brief flashes of imagination.
A fairly watchable 88 minutes of filmmaking.
Those who got a kick out of the first film, be it through nostalgia or kidly wonder, will probably find its sequel an equally entertaining, silly, campy, comic diversion that clips along at an engaging pace.
While Scooby 2 is probably no worse or better than the first installment, the freshness has definitely worn off.
When the best you can say about a sequel to a bad movie is that it's a tiny bit better, there are definite problems.
What I felt as I watched Scooby-Doo was not the intense dislike I had for the first film, but a kind of benign indifference.
Zoinks! It's a rare case of a sequel being better than the original. Maybe by the time they get around to Scooby-Doo 3, they'll get it right.
The movie plays every joke down the middle, aiming its dim wit at 5-and-unders, insulting them and whoever was foolish enough to take them on the outing.
Amid [the] barrage of soulless special effects, you may glimpse Seth Green, Alicia Silverstone and Tim Blake Nelson making mental notes to fire their agents.
More loyal to the classic show than the first film, Scooby-Doo finds his live-action niche in the highly entertaining sequel.
"Scooby Doo" is back with an inconceivable feat: it's a worse movie than the first.
In the sequel no one needs to see, the Scooby Gang grapples with the stress of stardom.
Pratfalls and passing gas are your only reward.
This is not a review -- how could it be, as the film was not screened for this critic -- have I mentioned that? Instead, here are three alternate storylines...
Scooby-Doo 2 improves on the original, but that's not saying very much at all
it's safe to say the Oscar race ends here. If you're an easily pleased 8-year-old member of the Academy, that is.
The kids'll love all the monsters, which are grotesque without being nightmare-inducing
Scooby-Doo 2 suffers from a lack of group dynamic, even though there's no in-fighting in this one and they're all harmonious.
Sequel is a hard sell and more of less from AOL-Time Warner's rehash division.
A film so singularly lousy that it almost makes the similarly crappy 2002 original look competent by comparison.
I'd be tempted to call the whole thing cartoonish, but that would be insulting to the real thing.
It's a faithful extension of the first movie, which is to say it's crap.
Self-referential humor helps parents get through it, but this one will probably pass faster than its numerous fart jokes.
Another spooky-doo comedy for tykes who think Scooby's doo-doo is funny.
The movie is also far from a train wreck. In fact, at times, it's even kind of ... OK.
Aimed squarely at young viewers, Scooby-Doo 2 makes little effort to please anyone else. Even at 90 minutes, the movie drags.
If you enjoyed the first live-action version, odds are you'll chuckle at this one too. If not, stay far away.
Like a slightly better version of the first Scooby movie, this one is content to faithfully reproduce stuff from the cartoons without adding anything.
Scooby-Doo 2 looks like a Saturday morning cartoon and unfortunately feels like one, too.
A special effects bonanza that plays like an incredibly elaborate theme park ride, Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed could be a tough go for those not already Scooby-Doo fans.
It's silly stuff, but the cast is likable, and the chemistry between real-life husband and wife Prinze and Gellar is affecting.
It's made for kids and they will absolutely LOVE this! The monsters are as fun as the ones from the original Ghostbusters!
The characters are, well, cartoonish, and any charm in seeing them played by actors on the big screen wore off ten minutes into the first one.
Law of diminishing returns has caught up with this franchise.
Imagine you are given a free pass to go on every ride at Great Adventure, but the fine print stipulates that you have only 90 minutes in which to do them all ... This, more or less, is the Scooby-Doo experience.
The filmmakers are once again able to attract comic talent to languish in underwritten villain roles (Peter Boyle), and Scooby Doo still looks more like a bobble-head doll in the rear window of a Gremlin than a dog or a cartoon.
There's nothing overtly better or worse about this sequel.
To call this a movie a dog would also be an insult to canines, so let's just say Scooby-Doo 2 is a Scooby-Don't.
kids will spend more time trying to make sense of the extra detritus than letting loose at the gang's wild antics.
May be the first film I've ever seen that looks as if it was more humiliating to shoot than it is to watch.
Thankfully, there's no sign of Scrappy-Doo, which really should count for something, right?
Silly, but fun.
"Scooby-Doo 2," much to my shock and amazement, is a fun little trifle.
Eventually gets bogged down in simplistic 'be yourself' moralizing destined to fail with its target audience.
If the first movie acted as a babysitter, this one's a babysitter who doesn't get as intoxicated.
However well done, it's still nothing more than a live-action version of a mediocre old cartoon; and while affectionate and nicely tooled, it's no more than tolerable.
A loud, obnoxious mess of lame humor, CGI overload and (jinkies!) the Mystery Inc. gang stopping the action dead to confront their own personal demons during extended self-analysis sessions.
Scooby's latest picture is definitely Scooberific.
Giving the dog an afro and forcing him to do the Electric Slide is not a good substitute for a clever attempt at family entertainment.
. . .a film in which much time, money, and effort was expended so that a computer-generated dog could fart.
The energy and playfulness keep us entertained, but the few real laughs come from either references to the original show or wink-wink movie in-jokes.















@highlight

Only the very young will get the most out of this silly trifle.