For comedy fans, "Bad Grandpa" is a no-brainer. In every possible way.
An unfunny 'comedy' full of cheap crudity and punches down at targets who don't deserve it. For some movies there should be hazard pay.
It's foul and filthy but only occasionally funny.
Bad Grandpa's biggest, most eyebrow-rising surprise may very well be the fact that we actually grow to care about him and Billy by the final reel
Stuffs male jackassery into a paper-thin piñata of a contrived plot, then blindly bashes us over the head, again and again, with a stick marked 'SEE WHAT AN OLD MAN AND A YOUNG BOY CAN GET AWAY WITH!'
The wrongs pile up, and there's a clear object of satire. That feels new for the Jackass experience: a target that isn't a crotch. I'd like to see Irv try to strike again with braver gags.
...ultimately just another misguided effort from Knoxville and his band of pranksters.
Less violent and less mean-spirited than Jackass, Bad Grandpa is a funny little diversion and that's about it, but that's okay.
Lewd, crude, tasteless...It's when Irving dresses Billy up as a girl in a kids beauty pageant that things get crazy. It's one of those moments, folks, where the angels of good taste and decorum desert you and you find yourself laughing like an idiot.
In this sporadically hilarious off-colour comedy, stupid, misogynistic America is skewered by a paradoxical creation: an actor young and reckless enough to raise hell and a character old enough to know better.
You'll cough out some second-hand chuckles reliving the moment Irving Pic-ass-o'ed the wall.
Bad Grandpa is to Jackass what Borat is to Ali G. The gag is far less about Irving and his grandson; it's relishing in how they antagonise and perplex their unwilling support cast. It's juvenile, it's ridiculous but I laughed, a lot.
This really is a movie full of gags. And not entirely in a good way.
'Bad Grandpa' made me laugh more than it didn't, but I still missed the antics by the rest of the 'Jackass' gang in this R-rated road trip.
I can't imagine anyone going into this film expecting Mrs. Doubtfire...
There is something really unsettling and weird about this, and I'm not talking about when the kid does a hilariously wrong striptease to Warrant's Cherry Pie at a beauty pageant.
As hit and miss as it can be cruel, but with an "odd couple" eight decades apart at its heart it's likely to hit a few sweet spots for eager consumers of Borat-influenced comedy.
Onlookers occasionally glance into the camera, a pretty good sign that people are hip to these prankster movies now and just play along.
In 92 minutes I laughed twice. Once at the sight of Knoxville's geriatric being folded on a faulty bed and once on learning that Spike Jonze was part of the brain trust responsible for the alleged screenplay.
After a time, the characters start to bond with one another and form a genuinely likeable team.
It's sporadically hilarious, with some inspired gags and deranged pranks, but for a Jackass movie, this is oddly gentle and sometimes even sentimental.
To put an eight year old child in the middle of Jackass type gross antics is not entertaining.
I'm totally okay with Knoxville finding a way to be crazy without allowing large animals to run him over.
The only reason I won't say that the film isn't as shocking as it thinks itself to be, is because it's not really very clear that it even thinks that it's shocking.
The results are the most inspired and refreshing series of gags in years from the group and a step in a direction ripe with further potential.
As long, strange trips go, Bad Grandpa's cross country odyssey feels more long than strange.
Be warned: Knoxville has a thing for body parts, and body functions, that you'll never, ever, see on America's Funniest Home Videos.
I didn't laugh as often as I did at the earlier Jackass films, but it did make me laugh just as hard.
I laughed, cackled, and often felt completely embarrassed by doing so.
Secondhand gags, third-rate execution, fourth-rate results.
Another gleeful 'Jackass' gross-out...
If your expectations are in the right place, then this is a film that is endlessly amusing and often hilarious, but if you have a firm distaste for the raunchy or ridiculous, you may want to steer clear.
There's a lot of things in there that we really shouldn't laugh at, but we can't help it.
Thank goodness comedy still has the power to make us confront the stuff decorum tells us to avoid.
The story is thin but Bad Grandpa successfully freshens the Jackass format and will, without question, keep fans of the series laughing (and cringing) the entire time.
The pranks themselves, the incredibly deft execution and improvisation (by both Knoxville and his impressive child co-star), and most of all the reactions from the prankees make for some of the best laughs I've had in or out of a theater this year.
Knoxville continues to crank out lowest-common-denominator schlock that would be deeply embarrassing on the résumé of a man half his age.
An entirely conventional filmed comedy with this pair could have worked, and I suspect a gonzo, Jackass-style montage would have been decent as well. Putting the two together results in a final product that's only half as good.
There's a reason candid camera stuff has been with us since we figured out how to hide cameras, and Knoxville's grinning rambunctiousness is enough to keep it far away from Just for Laughs Gags territory.
What may surprise you is that this film fails not because of the low-brow humor. It's the abysmal filmmaking.
A sometimes-funny-but-mostly-not mash-up of Borat, Weekend At Bernie's (a corpse along for the ride) and Bad Santa (an offensive old guy along with a kid).
Some of the jokes are flat-out hilarious, but most are overworked or tepid.
The trick to such humour involves persuading the audience to squirm and laugh at the same time. Grandpa triggers merely the squirming, and you can get that from a mild case of haemorrhoids.
Bad Grandpa has no goals whatsoever beyond making you snort with base, moronic glee, but when it scores, it scores.
My eyes are still burning.
Worth seeing just for Nicoll, whose deadpan delivery is priceless.
When Knoxville's bad, he's very very bad. But when he's good, he's wicked.
The film's humor is very hit or miss. There aren't many small laughs. But the big laughs are VERY big! (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
It's been 11 years since Jackass: The Movie, and three since Jackass 3D, although it feels a lot longer than that.
Like the lime-green bingo dabber contents Irving drinks down to the horror of his seatmates, it's an acquired taste.
It's not really a movie. It's Johnny Knoxville and his Jackass crew faking out real people into believing he's 86-year-old Irving Zisman, an old fart bag traveling cross-country.
Sometimes joy buzzers - and pratfalls, and funny costumes - are really all you need for a laugh or two. Or even a three-star comedy.
What impressed me again and again is how unflappably polite Americans can be.
Those who appreciate Knoxville's particular brand of fun are apt to find a very dirty good time waiting for them here.
It's all too good to be true, so the joke is not on the people in the movie. It's on the people who bought the tickets.
For all its flaws, it might just be the most heartwarming movie of the year.
Knoxville immerses himself in the role, radiating affection and concern for his charge. He's completely convincing, even during the most bizarre moments in "Bad Grandpa."
Apart from a handful of physical stunts and the penultimate biker-bar setup, Knoxville never puts himself at risk, and the imbalance of power curdles the imperative to laugh at the rubes.
You'll occasionally laugh out loud, but the heart of the movie is safe enough to chuckle at.
I have no complaints about "Bad Grandpa" except that the journey ended too soon.
What's the joke here?
Total cinematic junk food, but that doesn't mean it isn't sinfully tasty while it lasts.
Apparently there's always an audience for a joke involving explosive flatulence.
A choppy, feature-length progression of crude, predictable gags, the film plays like a variety show, and yet its main attraction is barely funny enough to warrant his own brief sketch.
The film has a story complete with a beginning, middle and end. It has some acting and emotion. And most shocking of all - it has empathy.
It's hard to score big laughs with hidden-camera material these days because there has been so much of it since the "Jackass" TV show, but Mr. Knoxville and his young sidekick still land a few jaw-droppers.
The real butt of the joke isn't the good-natured folks who signed release forms to appear in the film -- it's you for expecting something a bit more from the contemporary torchbearers of physical comedy.
Some of the pranks are awfully funny, putting lewdness and prosthetic body parts in places they're really not supposed to go ...
This whole movie is pretty much a mental colon blow.
The fun is supposed to come in watching people's reactions, but punking innocent bystanders is both too easy and mean-spirited.
Not only stands as the best installment (by bounds) of Johnny Knoxville's hidden-camera franchise; it's one of the sharpest comedies of the year.
My contender for funniest movie of the year.
it feels like we've seen it all before. And better.
Knoxville's an old hand at this stuff, but his young costar is an amazing natural, fearless and convincing in his staged exploits.
Though at times it grows predictable and more inane than outrageous, "Bad Grandpa" gets more than its share of cheap laughs.
It's quite different from "Borat," which was funnier but which was also more mean-spirited.
Some of the pranks are masterfully executed; the beauty pageant and a disastrous funeral near the beginning stand out. But on the whole, "Bad Grandpa" can't locate a consistent groove.
Although we're allowed the perverse pleasure of watching Irving commit one inappropriate act after another, our sense of horror/delight dissipates after each one.
Knoxville is of course terrific as Zisman, but it is young Jackson Nicoll's fearless performance that really steals the show.
Knoxville and the perfectly cast Nicoll have great chemistry throughout. But longtime "Jackass" director Jeff Tremaine consistently cuts away too quickly, undermining each joke in order to rush on to the next.
Bad Grandpa is less a feature than a filmed investigation into the effect of dick jokes on the human psyche, like a Milgram experiment where the shocks are real, and Milgram himself is receiving them.
Prop gags that "Saturday Night Live" might stretch to fill an entire sketch fizzle almost immediately, while director Jeff Tremaine's low-def hidden-camera footage often looks like it was shot on Skype.
Too much of a slight and, at times, self-consciously naughty-minded thing.
The joke is really on Knoxville, who, despite flinging himself through a glass wall and rigging up a fake poo-sprayer in his pants, gets fewer laughs than his boy sidekick
The only motivation is to grab laughs on the hoof, wherever they might be found. Sometimes that's enough.
Certainly crude, but it's also riotously funny at times, with a bizarre calmness about it that's immensely appealing, toning down the cruelty to play some old-fashioned pranks on a semi-suspecting public.
While Bad Grandpa loses steam whenever it concentrates on the banter between its stars, and even though its practical jokes aren't quite on par with the finest from the Jackass films, there's still choice nonsense on display throughout.
The Jackass crew takes an oddly gentle approach here, abandoning their more riotous stunt-based movies for a series of undercover pranks, like Borat or Bruno without the social commentary.
Johnny Knoxville revives his old man character, Irving Zisman, for another crude and audacious comedy that's actually quite funny.
An amusing, Jackass-branded fairy tale with Johnny Knoxville pranking middle America in the guise of a pervy oldster.
Most of the gags fall flatter than a Knoxville belly-flop.
If it's wrong to feel for people whose wedding day becomes the victim of a pointless stunt, I don't want to be right.
Bad Grandpa mostly succeeds in its very modest goal. It's Borat without the satirical edge, with Knoxville and longtime Jackass director Jeff Tremaine taking the most outrageous parts of that film and escalating them dramatically.
Knoxville's make-up is actually very good, and he is pretty convincing as a sex-starved old curmudgeon, but best of all is young Jackson Nicoll who is a comedy natural and helps balance out the films tendency to go over-the-top.
"Borat" without the danger, "Jackass" without the injuries. But the kid is funny.
Bad Grandpa may not be quite as strong as the perfection that was Jackass Number Two or the outrageousness of Jackass 3D but it is an evolution far beyond the first movie or TV series.
This is very funny, and a nice next step for cinema's rowdiest rodeo clowns.
[The plot] focuses the general air of collegial numbskullery into a buddy-pic bond between Knoxville and the very well-cast Jackson Nicoll.
While not every comedic bit here works, there are still enough that do to make Bad Grandpa a raucously fun movie-going experience and a real treat for Jackass fans.
"Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa" shows there's still comic life in this decade-old franchise - provided, of course, the sight of a senior citizen getting his penis caught in a vending machine is the kind of thing that brings a smile to your face.
More miss than hit, despite some hilarious sequences.
When the three-act structure gets shoved to the side for fun and games, Bad Grandpa delivers some of the heartiest laughs I've had all year.
In Bad Grandpa, there's no shock value: the physical comedy is down to a minimum, replaced by a creaking humour almost as dated as Zisman himself.
Johnny Knoxville dons latex to play a wildly inappropriate grandfather in a Borat-style feature film. Guilty sniggers follow.
True to the Jackass formula, some gags come off better than others, but there's some doozies in its midst.
A blast of light entertainment, however crude things get for some ... it's the most charming of the Jackass bag of tricks ...
It's Jackass, but not quite as we know it.

@highlight

Never quite as funny as it wants to be, Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa still offers viewers the timeless pleasures of seeing an old man get his privates stuck in a vending machine.