Give us a When the Bough Breaks with smarter direction.
An enjoyable camp fest.
Thrillers in which seemingly harmless outsiders worm their way into safe, secure, middle-class homes and then threaten them were popular in the '90s; this one feels like a pale copy.
The movie boasts strong performances by Chestnut and Hall (both of whom are always welcome)... Ultimately, though, all are undone by the tiresome familiarity of Jack Olsen's predictable script and Jon Cassar's limp direction.
A neutered, paint-by-numbers snoozefest.
This is Cassar's second film this year -- the first was the exquisite Western Forsaken -- and confirmation that he's a filmmaker of uncommon talent and versatility.
A predictable and cliched affair featuring seemingly intelligent characters who can't stop making terrible decisions.
Slick and polished, but silly and obvious.
Awful. Just awful. And while watching it, you get the distinct feeling that everyone involved with When The Bough Breaks knows it, too.
A promising setup yields nothing but a cliche story and endless logic gaps in When The Bough Breaks, a film with two lead actors who deserve far better material.
A lazily written and generically directed Fatal Attraction knockoff.
The plot doesn't differ much from last year's parody of these types of movies, A Deadly Adoption ...
Writer Jack Olsen's glossy script goes light on logic, credibility and mining some of the story's deeper ramifications, as it works its way toward the inevitable, largely predictable final showdown.
Perhaps you were wondering if it were still possible to wring any suspense out of an unbalanced-third-wheel plot. "When the Bough Breaks," about a surrogate pregnancy gone horribly wrong, has a definitive answer: No, it isn't.
While empathy is first to go in the tasteless When the Bough Breaks, there is nothing good in its place.
"When the Bough Breaks" comes across as a Lifetime cable movie that got lucky and won a lottery offering theatrical release as first prize.
A very conservative film that ducks any issues that might be dramatically interesting in order to work up lame suspense sequences.
Its unrelenting flatness is a real shame, and now an autumn tradition.

@highlight

Shallow, clichéd, and silly instead of suspenseful, When the Bough Breaks offers nothing domestic thriller fans haven't already seen before -- and done far better.