An intermittently entertaining comedy/drama with a funny script and a fatal miscasting.
The film feels a bit enervated, even when the script asks it to fly off the rails toward the end.
Go for Caan and Farmiga, and stay to be surprised by Reeves.
The screenplay leeches all the fun out of it, and the principals - aside from Caan, who generates his own power - seem lost and abandoned.
What's needed is someone nervous to play Henry. A Steve Buscemi, for example. Reeves maintains a sort of Zen detachment.
... despite some minor grumbles, I was entertained by Henry's Crime.
Ludicrous plot turns makes Reeves' wooden acting the least of the film's issues.
Even as far as low-budget independent films about Buffalo, N.Y., toll booth operators go, "Henry's Crime" is an odd bird.
A felony of a movie ... tedious and improbable...
For a fresher, funnier crime comedy back-dropped by the theater, check out Woody Allen's gem Bullets Over Broadway.
If "Henry's Crime'' is occasionally too pleased with itself, it's also pleasantly unpredictable, and it has a trio of sweet hambone performances at its center.
If you had to compare it to a Russian classic, Malcolm Venville's mild comedy about a nobody (Keanu Reeves) who gets busted for a crime he didn't commit might suggest half-baked Dostoevsky or lightweight Gogol. But not Chekhov.
Really entertaining and a lot of fun.
verges on absurdity -- the non-comedic kind
Reeves is fine but not very memorable, much like the movie.
The film's ungainly mix of heist, romance and backstage comedy never jells.
"Henry's Crime" is a movie that eschews the details and tries to get by on charm, and it does have charm - just not enough to get by.
Keanu Reeves sleepwalks through this limp affair, the script is indifferent to the madcap possibilities its conceit engenders, and director Malcolm Venville exhibits no sense of comedic timing or aptitude for building tension.
This shaggy dog story just doesn't hold together, but Reeves charms as the deadpan hub of a wacky wheel...James Caan, as Henry's cellmate Max, is terrifically funny here, and he and Reeves are an unlikely but effective team.
Chekhov does small town USA in this zany, simmering slo-mo character driven retro-crime caper that plays out as a detour to an incidental bank heist, on the way to a softball game. Caan and Keanu are a strangely intoxicating match made in Buffalo.
Terminally silly: Chekhov, a bank heist and Keanu Reeves make an uneasy, unfunny cinematic equation.
Keanu Reeves gives an adroit turn in this pleasantly deadpan caper.
Adult audiences looking for a smart, entertaining film should line up.
Reeves seems more laid-back than loser - it's hard to accept him as someone who has let half of his adult life go to waste without minding, or even noticing.
Aside from language, so-so caper comedy is fine for teens.
Though the movie has some engagingly quirky moments, everything falls into place far too easily for much suspense to build, and the romance between the two leads seems as contrived as everything else.
Its mood is so muffled and point so submerged, it's difficult to see why Mr. Reeves and the rest of the cast pooled their talents to make a movie about a nowhere man going no place in particular in Buffalo.
It's a grating muddle, typified by Reeves as a protagonist who's so frustratingly vapid that even the other characters seem baffled at his blankness.
Caan is the spicy mustard on this fatty corned beef sandwich of a movie; without him, Henry's Crime is a filling meal that wouldn't linger in the memory.
A deadpan delight, an unexpected treat..Satisfying and entertaining in ways that too few big-budget comedies (Arthur? Your Highness?) seem to know how to achieve.
It's a   grab bag of comic clichés about bank robberies and regional theater.
Henry's Crime has a little too much in common with its aimless namesake.
You wish anyone on either side of the camera had a cup of coffee and then the energy to throw out weak scenes and flawed motivations while picking up the pace.
Close but no cigar.
A great cast is wasted on an uninspired script that's frustratingly executed by director Venville.
The gleam in James Caan's eye is about all that illuminates this moribund comedy about a ring of Buffalo hoods who infiltrate a Buffalo staging of The Cherry Orchard.
[VIDEO] wonderful performances from James Caan, Vera Farmiga--and yes even--Keanu Reeves, are the reason to see this movie.
There's a certain ingenuity in the way the plot of Chekhov's play becomes interwoven with the robbery, but for the most part the producers seem to be aiming at, and almost achieving, MFI - maximum feasible implausibility.
There is a lot of plot in Henry's Crime, although there's nothing you couldn't second-guess and while Farmiga is delightful and Caan a joy the end result is unremarkable.
The early promise of Henry's Crime wanes as its efforts to splice crime caper with backstage drama becomes increasingly laboured. But with the cast on their game, the film just about gets away with it.
While the supporting cast of James Caan and Vera Farmiga are in top form, the leading man looks like he's dosed up on Valium.
Venville made the ferocious 44 Inch Chest, by the way - but this is gentle as custard pie.
An offbeat comedy/drama elevated by another terrific Varmiga turn.
Witness a rare sighting, like an albatross over the Scottish highlands. It's Keanu Reeves, acting in The Cherry Orchard.
The stiff deadpan dudeness that is the Keanu method means he gathers dust while the supporting actors outclass him by miles...
Henry's Crime is neither enthralling enough as a heist movie, nor amusing enough as a comedy, making it rather less than the sum of its parts.
Enjoyable, bittersweet comedy-drama that has a pleasingly old fashioned feel to it, thanks to an intelligent script, well written characters, impressive direction and a delightful performance from Vera Farmiga that's worth the price of admission alone.
Thanks to Reeves' co-stars and a little Chekhovian inspiration at the end, the film just about gets away with it.
Farmiga radiates warmth and Caan hasn't had a role this meaty since 'Misery'. A quiet triumph.
An affably low-key comedy...
Mixing a bank raid with a stage romp becomes just too silly.
James Caan and Vera Farmiga are great, but they can't overcome a mediocre premise.
Part of what makes Henry such a frustrating hero is how little he reveals of his emotions.

@highlight

Supporting actors Vera Farmiga and James Caan give the movie a little heft, but Henry's Crime is an otherwise predictable heist/comedy with slow pacing.