The wonder is that Gloria becomes truly beautiful as the movie goes on. As in real life, as we get to know her, we fall in love with her, and the way she appears to us changes.
What truly makes the film riveting is Paulina García's performance as the title character -- and she appears in nearly every shot. With a wide, truly contagious smile, García exudes a lived-in confidence and control with every movement.
One of the best Chilean films of the 21st century. [Full review in Spanish]
Lelio fulfills its purpose after making his protagonist fight and then rewarding her with the contradiction of her desire for a great escape. [Full review in Spanish]
The film's pulse comes in many ways from García's brave and beautiful central performance.
The film is a showcase for García's rich and varied performance. When it comes to finding meaning in Gloria's story, though, Lelio leaves that up to us.
We don't make movies in America like Gloria, so we have to import them. I wish we'd import more -- and make a few, as well.
Whether you appreciate Gloria as a portrait of a vital woman, muddling through life's middle chapters, or as an allegory of Chilean resilience, the message is the same: Let's face the music and dance.
You can't help but like Gloria. Her life isn't easy, but you don't feel sorry for her.
It's an open-ended question whether Gloria ever finds the happiness she seeks while dodging the current of middle-aged isolation, but her constant search is a valiant and deeply involving one.
This is not a film about narrative sweep, but about the slow, steady business of reclaiming one's soul.
The spice is provided largely by García's performance: She's not only the center of the movie, she's literally never off camera, and she holds our attention effortlessly.
The script certainly couldn't give more of itself to its leading lady, and Chilean TV star Garcia accepts with a wondrous star turn that makes plain Gloria's inner vitality, but doesn't stint on the petty insecurities holding her back in other respects.
As a character study, Gloria is a rare pleasure. There's no quiet heroism in just living day to day, but there's definitely something admirable in bringing such a fully formed woman to the screen, naked and free to dance all she wants.
Chilean actor Paulina García deservedly won a Best Actress award at this year's Berlin Festival for her exuberant, warm-hearted performance as Gloria, a divorcee in late middle age who still has an extraordinary lust for life.
Maturity is seldom depicted with such dignity, charm and extemporaneous-seeming behavioral grace.
Heartbreaking, unvarnished and thoughtful, Gloria is the story of a woman looking for the best that life can bring her. You'll be rooting for her to find it.
García is amazing. Her portrayal of this aware yet sensitively positioned woman is nuanced, utterly convincing and bears not a jot of self-pity. She is Gloria.
Insofar as García's is clearly one of the best performances to reveal itself in U.S. theaters in the last couple of years, that's enough to make Gloria essential viewing.
Obviously, this is a one-woman show, and an extraordinary part for an actress, and Paulina García fulfills it 100%.
A triumph of quiet beauty and subtle storytelling that, if you like that sort of thing, will haunt you for days.
Sebastian Lelio delivers a tour-de-force that embraces the notion that we never stop seeking love and companionship.
You will probably warm to this odd and unglamorous character. You'll come to appreciate her expressions, her wit, her imagination, and her courage.
It's a warm, earnest and lively movie, anchored by a superb lead performance.
The movie revels in activity and vitality, promising that of course it's possible for one to keep having fun no matter what age they are. At the same time, it's under no illusions about the trepidation that comes with the twilight years.
Brilliantly brought to life by actress Paulina García, Gloria is not afraid to put herself out there at a Santiago dance club for over-50s, where she drinks, boogies and is on the lookout for Mr. Right.
Garcia's appealing performance makes us root for her.
The movie insists on the value of the everyday. Gloria's heroism is her dignity, her intelligence, her perseverance.
The film is far from what we usually see.
Looking for love... after 50
A raw and rich look at loneliness, love and aging.
For each person who sees Gloria as someone else's mother or co-worker, she's quietly determined to be the centre of her own imperfect world.
An engaging character study that taps into feelings that are very difficult to put into words
Subtle, quiet, delicate and unpretentious, Gloria is among the most satisfying films I have seen in years.
Garcia's performance is wonderful. The more we watch her, the more beautiful her character becomes.
What could in less capable hands so easily have been mishandled, lapsing either into patronising comedy or sappy sentimentality, is accorded generous and sympathetic treatment here.
Chilean director Sebastian Lelio's Gloria is a warm, intimate, sharply funny depiction of a life in progress.
If the film itself doesn't win viewers over with its refreshingly rounded story, Garcia's offering of a vulnerable and tenacious heroine will; make no mistake, audiences will be singing Gloria's name.
Look, how often do we see films about people of this age finding love and particularly finding sex and so this is quite original from that point of view?
This is what getting old is all about. GLORIA is nicely acted, nicely shot, it's just a teeny bit dull.
To look into García's face is to see the movie, a loving character study, in miniature at any moment: Gloria refuses to be your stereotype or a writer's stock character. She's complicated, like you...
See it now, and see it before the inevitable insufferable American remake.
The humour comes mostly from painful places, our recognition of painful truths and/or just the authenticity of responses by the characters, sometimes delivered as nothing more than a glance or a thin smile.
A knock-out performance from Paulina García as Gloria anchors this insightful portrait of a life-loving woman searching for fulfilment
Seeing Gloria makes you realize it's possible to portray middle-aged romance, and sex, without resorting to goofy caricature.
The overall effect is to slowly create a wonderfully three-dimensional character, lovingly shaded and detailed.
Sebastián Lelio's melodrama about a woman's determined search for love and meaning is hilarious and disquieting, sometimes within the same moment.
A sometimes fascinating, sometimes obtuse character study.
A feel-good movie that you don't have to feel bad for liking.
We are with Gloria throughout the film, in every scene, as if we are her guardian angels.
Garcia wears every wrinkle like a war medal, allowing us to sink into her matronly bosom with a warm embrace, and infusing us with enough strength to keep laughing.
Chilean actress Paulina Garcia's performance in "Gloria" is simply flabbergasting.
Not quite a comedy and not quite a drama, this Chilean film looks at middle age from a refreshingly even-handed perspective, not a wacky or tragic one.
A casual atmosphere that sneaks up on the viewer, and the reward for such patience is the opportunity to spy a seasoned character realized onscreen with refreshing honesty.
There might be times where you wish for a little more narrative momentum, but basking in the glow of this grounded but vibrant woman never really gets old.
The film belongs to Garcia, who is in literally every shot. Wafting over Garcia's face at different moments are contentment, frustration, loneliness, disappointment, happiness.
Paulina García gives a powerhouse performance in a completely naturalistic setting.
Although this Chilean film's narrative ambitions are modest, Gloria is a likable movie that's anchored by an outstanding performance by Paulina García.
"Gloria" is that rare work, a truly adult film. By its end, you want to cheer the simple act of living.
By the end, we dance with her, living in the moment as she does, not looking ahead to life's next turn.
This is a driven, indelible character -- like the women Gena Rowlands played for John Cassavetes -- and you fear her going over the edge not least because you suspect you'd follow her.
Most films past the mid-life point either don't acknowledge romance and sexuality, or make it the central point of the story; the frank, comfortable, yet warmly erotic way Gloria deals with it is a breath of fresh air.
Writer-director Sebastián Lelio, whose fourth feature this is, has a confident way of parceling out exuberance and melancholy in a setting of mundane everyday realism.
The best compliment the Chilean drama deserves is that it captures how it feels to be its title character.
Audiences intuitively search for someone to root for in a film, and García's Gloria, who's in practically every frame of the movie, fits that bill perfectly.
Lelio's non-restrictively comedic scenario, scripted by him and Gonzalo Maza, makes a great space for García's wholesale refusal of self-pity.
She has the ego and the thick, bobbed hair and big glasses reminiscent of Tootsie. But the vivacious middle-aged woman at the heart of Chile's Oscar submission, 'Gloria,' leaves no doubt she's all female.
"Gloria" explores better than any movie I've seen how, when middle-aged divorcees become a couple, they are still affected by their relationship with their ex-spouses and children.
Director Sebastian Lelio paints﻿ a subtle picture of a self-assured, independent woman who is sometimes sad but is more often happy, ready to take on life's adventures.
A smart, incisive portrait of a woman who lives life on her own terms and doesn't let herself get pushed around.
The movie lets you make up your own mind about this vivacious woman, who is doing her best not to surrender to her inner loneliness.
Gloria, spare and keenly observed, plays like a short story - there is no sweeping narrative arc, no momentous triumph or calamity.
Hitchcock once said that other directors made slices of life; he made pieces of cake. Lelio's feat is that he's made a slice of life that's a piece of cake, too.
For the most part, "Gloria" is a day brightener of a character study about finding someone new and making the same old mistakes.
"Gloria," a charmer from Chile, is a character portrait of a woman the movies rarely notice: Divorced, hovering around 60, not especially interested in self-pity.
The message, if one needs to look for one, is that the course of romance is no smoother at 50 than it is at 15, when heedlessness is an advantage to plunging into love.
"Gloria" is a character study, one that's pitiful in the compassionate sense of the word.
Warm, wise, sophisticated and deeply human. Paulina García is a revelation. It's the kind of film that will linger in your mind for weeks.
Unlike the heroes of ["Bridesmaids," "Girls" and "Frances Ha"], she's comfortable in her skin, despite being a divorcee thrust back into the horrors and irritations of the dating scene.
Were it not for García's performance, Gloria might have turned into a bedraggled bore. Fortunately, there's always something to look at whenever she is on screen, which is most of the time. She becomes something she never intended to be - a heroine.
It's rife with disappointment and humiliation. But bleakness does not preclude buoyancy. It still manages to leave you with the urge to dance.
Garcia demands our attention, her vibrancy powered by the sheer will to overcome loneliness.
Gloria, "Gloria"-hallelujah! Your truth has marched its way into my heart.
The movie lives or dies by Paulina Garcia's performance, and she's terrific.
With someone else in the central role, "Gloria" might have been cloyingly sentimental or downright maudlin. With Ms. García on hand, it's a mostly convincing celebration of unquenchable energy.
Chilean director Sebastian Lelio's near-perfect film about the very imperfect world of a divorced woman of a certain age.
Astute, unpretentious and thrillingly humane ...
Gloria is told entirely from its leading lady's point of view, and her mobile features, shot from every possible angle, register pain, amusement, exasperation and a kind of befuddled ecstasy.
As endlessly-watched as she is in this film, Gloria is an endlessly watchable creation-a wonderful example of an actress melting into a role, and a co-writer/director with almost superhuman levels of sensitivity and empathy for his characters.
It's utterly realistic about the challenges of looking for love in an age group consisting almost entirely of people who've failed, in one form or another, at creating a viable long-term partnership.
The leads give subtle, poignant performances that stick with you.
Chilean director Sebastián Lelio stalks his heroine around Santiago with the enthusiasm of a man who's discovered a new wildlife species in remote Madagascar.
Funny, melancholy and ultimately uplifting, Sebastian Lelio's enormously satisfying spell inside the head and heart of a middle-aged woman never puts a foot wrong.
A divorced woman in her late 50s recaptures her life in Sebastian Lelio's pitch-perfect, terrifically written Gloria.
A delightfully astute and compassionate delve into the life of a 58 year-old divorcee looking for company, romance and perhaps even love.
I overheard someone call it a "midlife crisis drama." The comment was clueless for lots of reasons, most notably because there's no crisis in Gloria at all, which is what makes it so marvelous.
The film grows in power-it's unnerving and reassuring at the same time.
Dominated by the sexual complexity of the indomitable title character, it's intriguing and should be particularly appealing to a middle-aged, female audience.
A Chilean last chance romance with a bitter sting to it.
The reason to see "Gloria" is to appreciate the fine performance by Paulina Garcia.
The Chilean director's fourth feature isn't some simplistic tale of uplift but one that honestly depicts someone who is taking emotional risks, having fun, and taking her lumps too.
Celebrate the empowerment of Chilean middle-aged women!
Shows up Hollywood's inability to create realistic, compelling roles for middle-aged women.
While there's a lot to draw from here, there was perhaps too much Lelio found precious; a sagging center [does the film no favors].
An up-close look at the life of a middle-aged divorcee, this drama goes a long way on the strength of its lead performance by Paulina Garcia.
You can't take your eyes off [Paulina Garcia's] magnetic performance.
Gloria's journey is free from artificial flashpoints or climaxes.
Since Hollywood refuses to make clever, engaging films about strong 50-something women, leave it to Chile to give us a movie to celebrate.
It's gloriously strange and slippery, impossible to pin down - at once funny, uplifting, moving and deeply disquieting.
A very impressive, very grown-up drama.
A gentle, plaintive character study elevated by a glowing central performance.
Lelio's film isn't like other films...
Equal parts warm and wise, Gloria is an invigorating story of female agency that will have you rooting for its leading lady from start to finish.
Award-winning performance and strong emotional arc make for a compelling love story
A warm-hearted, emotionally engaging Chilean comedy-drama-slash-character study with a sharply observed script and a terrific central performance from Paulina Garcia.
Glorious.
This burnished gem from Chile is a rich and poetic character study of a woman on the look out for love.
Gloria is a sad, painful romantic story.
There's a bigness of reach and vision throughout this movie, even when distilling itself, more than once, to a single shot of a single woman in the lonely clamour of a singles bar.
The movie's a toast to its subject, a boogie in her honour, and takes her side through thick and thin. It's hard to resist. And why would you want to?
Sebastián Lelio's fine film boasts subtly nuanced, plausible performances, none more so than Paulina García as the strong-willed, fun-loving but sometimes lonely protagonist.
The mesmerising García and sensitive direction by Lelio light up this delicate yet spiky drama. Terrific stuff from both Chileans.
Sticking tightly to its heroine's everyday routines and rituals, this deft blend of humour and pathos fully earns its defiantly upbeat dance-floor denouement.
Gloria is a thought-provoking and immensely satisfying piece of filmmaking.
A superb Chilean film about the quest of two middle-aged divorcees for lasting love.
With its compelling and original approach to its romance narrative, coupled with Paulina García's nuanced and intuitive performance, the film delicately balances an entire octave of emotions.
... the upbeat, feel-good finale goes a long way towards ensuring that Gloria concludes on a high note...

@highlight

Marvelously directed by Sebastian Lelio and beautifully led by a powerful performance from Paulina Garcia, Gloria takes an honest, sweetly poignant look at a type of character that's all too often neglected in Hollywood.