[Mister Foe] creates a gently, but deeply, moral atmosphere.
it's ultimately impossible to rise above the overly melodramatic script. The world doesn't really need another wicked stepmother, after all.
Grumpy Glaswegians going at it are once again the focus of David ("Young Adam") Mackenzie's bleak and dreary -- but not wholly uninteresting -- drama.
Another successful and intriguing entry in Mackenzie's growing oeuvre.
Bell was a decent kid actor and a terrific dancer in Billy Elliot, but he's grown into a really first-rate actor.
[A] prettily photographed but relationally science-fictional coming-of-age blather.
It's a coming of age you can believe in.
The final installment of Mackenzie's 'sex trilogy' is so strenuously edgy it's tiresome.
This Scottish film often pushes for realism, though its stylish tones fall back on whimsy.
While the film playfully telegraphs its inspirations, Mister Foe never persuasively comes together as a dark fable about an adolescent misfit stuck in loss.
[Director David] Mackenzie has reined in the strangeness to deliver a conventional, if better than average, mystery.
By the end of "Hallam Foe," you've nearly forgotten his all-too-regular boy development. Now you're wondering, what's Kate doing when he's not looking?
Didn't I review this coming-of-age picture back in the spring when it was called Charlie Bartlett?
Jamie Bell in his most memorable outing since Billy Elliot, as a Peeping Tom acting upon Oedipal urges in a dysfunctional family drama from Scotland.
A worthy addition to Holden Caulfield's coming-of-age subgenre of off-kilter teenage boys let loose in big cities. Bell and Myles give terrific performances.
Although it's nice to see Mackenzie find uplift in the erotic, what helps drive Mister Foe is how deftly he turns chasm into intimacy between Bell and Myles, both of whom give sharply observed, charismatic portrayals.
Jamie Bell gives a watchable performance in this self-conscious, coming-of-age drama, though the film's overall effect is best described as David Lynch lite.
Jamie Bell has his best role since Billy Elliot in Mister Foe, a darkly comic tale of a twisted teen on the cusp of adulthood.
Director David Mackenzie's complex story is never sure exactly what tone to strike.
You find yourself wishing that what happened in Edinburgh stayed in Edinburgh.
[The film's] intellectualized sexuality stirs neither the head nor the nether regions.
Mister Foe is infused with enough macabre and comical touches to prevent it from sliding into clinical sensationalism.
There's a chance that Bell's strong work could turn this into a cult item.
Boring, meandering, and painfully self-important, "Mister Foe" is writer/director David Mackenzie's follow-up to his much better effort "Young Adam" (2003).
An engrossing, provocative drama, the feature sniffs out just the right level of lurid behavior to keep the viewer in concert with the mounting domestic woes. It's a feature of unpredicted, and quite thrilling, discomfort.
It's a showy part, but the movie ably supports it with splendid use of Edinburgh, Scotland's cityscapes, a basket full of startling surprises in the screenplay and characters without a fleck of sentimentality.
What makes Mister Foe such unlikely fun is Bell's accomplished smart-ass routine and Mackenzie's blithe attitude toward taboos.
In his attempt to make the audience sympathize with Hallam, [director] Mackenzie uses the cheapest trick in the book: attempting to give the audience a link into his head with a manic soundtrack.
A striking film but certainly more of one that grows on you rather than one that's immediately compelling.
Mister Foe flirts too often with the unlikely and the foolish, yet there is something to admire in the nerve of its reckless characters, so uneasy in their skins.
A movie about a Scottish Peeping Tom who is sufficiently demented to give even Peeping Toms a bad name, it seems to be a lot less about fetish and voyeurism, than warped emotional espionage as pathological mommy love.
Equal parts sweet and perverse, this Scottish film is unpredictable in places where it might be twee, and subversively fanciful in others where it might be punishing.
An insightful, well-acted serio-comic look into the mind of a creepy 18-year-old Scot.
An occasion for David Mackenzie to infuse his smutty purview of modern romantic relations with twee affectation.
It's a modestly effective story, even a little moving in a weird way, and worth watching for Bell's intriguing and sympathetic performance.
Presented as a sort of romantic neo-fairy-tale, the movie rarely acknowledges the inherent creepiness of its premise.
A dark, often funny Oedipal and erotic tale from Young Adam director David Mackenzie, Mister Foe benefits from the emotionally and physically agile performance of Bell.
The Hitchcockian elements are actually much subtler than recognized, partly because the film is generally more a comedy than some Peeping Tom-esque thriller.
Hallam Foe cannot be accused of concealing its investment in the dramatic heightening of sensation, the privileging of psychic logic and hormonal pulls over safer and more quotidian forms of "realistic" storytelling.
Rarely have I seen a film end so satisfactorily and without feeling cheated by a conclusion ready made for first dates.
Perched on a razor's edge between the sinister and the whimsical, it's erotic, well acted, beautifully photographed.
Somehow the whole works surprisingly well, whether or not you end up thinking that it might have been still better left on the page.
A stylish, original romance whose dark leanings are leavened by a current of optimism running through its darting narrative.
Thanks to bold performances, evocative cinematography and a trippy pop soundtrack, this richly entertaining tale of adolescent angst ends up being one of the most striking Brit flicks of 2007.
Accomplished as it is, the film has trouble marrying the separate halves of the story, the mystery of the mother's death and the weird courtship Hallam is pursuing.
Decidedly dark material handled with a pleasing lightness of touch.
The story itself is self-regarding, and the ending, with its muddled vengefulness, strains both sympathy and credibility.
It is Jamie's acting skills, which are even more well honed than his chest, that make Hallam Foe one of the best British movies of the year.
Even in the earthiest moments of the film, there's a sense of magic that reflects the filter of Hallam's innocence, eccentricity and otherness.
Bell shines as the baleful yet sympathetic Hallam, but there's little else to get excited about, with the eventual love affair between him and Kate deeply improbable.
David Mackenzie's fourth feature is an immensely enjoyable and incredibly well-judged film, which confirms Jamie Bell as one of Britain's brightest young actors.
Get past the goofy animated titles and you'll be captivated by a coming-of-age tale with a subversive edge. The hero may be have a few hang-ups, but Jamie Bell's an ideal star for such defiantly off-kilter fare.
An intriguing rites-of-passage story with a delirious, skewed perspective and an almost palpable sexual pulse.
The acting is of the highest order, especially the tandem of Myles and Bell, who are touching and finely balanced in the detail of their characters.
Impressively directed drama from the director of Young Adam, featuring a superb performance from Jamie Bell and a terrific soundtrack.
As a study of grief, this is silly and nonsensical. Taken less seriously, Mackenzie delivers a light dance over heavy issues, and the romance works - but how flippantly can we take death, grief and suicide?
Grief, voyeurism and latent necrophilia make a beguiling brew in Hallam Foe, a smart coming-of-age tale from the director of Young Adam.
Affirms the raw talents of both David Mackenzie (Young Adam) and Jamie Bell (who's come a long way since Billy Elliot).
Tip-top performances, led by young British thesp Jamie Bell, and a deftly handled tone reflecting all the title teen's confused emotions make Hallam Foe a viewing delight.
The adolescent peeping Tom Hallam Foe is a fascinating character, brought to thrilling life by Jamie Bell in yet another extraordinary performance.


@highlight

Carefully balanced between the dark and the dreamy, Mister Foe is a charged coming-of-age story with whimsy and bite.