Along with everything else it does, the movie portrays the enemy we are up against in the most unflinching terms, and it allows us to feel gratitude and respect for those who have undertaken the fight.
I expected much more from Eastwood, Cooper, and the rest of the cast and crew. [Full review in Spanish]
Because of the way Eastwood crafts his hero and because of that hero's place in the overall work, the result, while nationalistic, does not romanticize patriotism. I can't remember another American movie that managed to avoid doing that so successfully.
American Sniper is one of the best films of 2014; a truly powerful look at a man that whether you believe he is a legendary hero or not, was tasked with incredible hardships and rough decisions on the battlefield
Anger, pain and fear can still cloud the clearest eyes. The look of Bradley Cooper, who plays the real life sniper of the title, conveys it. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is so bland that it even minimizes its subject's claim to fame, the extraordinary number of people he shot after carefully sizing them up through the sights of a rifle.
I can't think of any other director than Clint Eastwood to make a film that revises the portrayal of the American soldier, as he has done before with the cowboy and the cop.
To call American Sniper a pro-war movie or an anti-war movie is to miss the point: all war movies are both.
American Sniper is devastating on the emotional level, especially with a very buffed-up Bradley Cooper in the lead role.
American Sniper is not only one of the filmmaker's best, but also one of the best movies of last year.
American Sniper isn't the war movie this country needs. But it is, to borrow a phrase, the war movie this country deserves. And for that reason I wept.
Well-produced but flawed.
Cooper continues to expand his range.
How can someone mess up the story of America's most celebrated sharpshooter this badly?
It is too spare to be elegiac, but has just about enough ambiguity to fit in with Eastwood's life-long study of the American male and his place in a world that demands more than he can give.
Not only watchable, but quite good - the kind of lean, mean mediation on masculinity and duty that this particular filmmaker has always done so well.
Kyle killed two men, as a civilian, with his massive Colt .44 Magnum. That's a 'Dirty Harry' gun. Who directed 'American Sniper'? Dirty Harry did. That's terribly ironic.
Cooper excels in the central role while Eastwood succeeds in the difficult task of delivering a war movie that focuses more on the personal sacrifice made by soldiers than it does on politics. It's all the better for it.
Well made and briskly edited, American Sniper is a decent and very watchable action film. But it appears to have absolutely nothing to say about the politics behind all the soldiering.
Cooper is very good in the film, bulking up to built fat status, mostly nailing Kyle's southern lilt, and selling the inner turmoil of a family left behind.
You hardly recognize Cooper, with a muscular physique, beard and kind of a swagger.
American Sniper is not the nuanced trauma-of-violence conversation our country needs.
American Sniper cannot be reduced to simple pro- or anti-war labels.
It won't appease those who are hoping for a psychoanalysis of the man. But Eastwood's film makes for tense and compelling viewing.
Hindsight will, I think, bruise American Sniper badly; consider how a patriotic film about a voluminously homicidal American soldier in Vietnam would play today.
Kyle is ably played by a hulked-up Bradley Cooper, who leaves out neurotic shadings in favor of a straightforward turn that seems fittingly non-complex.
Eastwood's disconnected direction means we spend the entire movie with a man in stasis: Kyle's either hiding behind the scope of a rifle or sitting very still, drinking himself insensate.
There's little doubt as to Chris Kyle's commitment as a protector of his country or as a father, but when the film ends, the definition of who Chris Kyle was remains a mystery.
The movie's omissions in the story of Chris Kyle are so egregious that they undercut what could have been a great war film and turn it into an ethical quagmire.
On combat as it exists today, and on its often unconsidered damage to combatants as well as to innocent civilians, Eastwood has managed an exciting and a true and a sad sobering piece.
A complicated movie about an uncomplicated man, American Sniper strips down and rearranges Chris Kyle's best-selling autobiography into something far more troubled and unsettling.
What elevates American Sniper is that we feel what Chris and his fellow soldiers feel in more ways than simple revenge. We feel their pain, their confusion and their weariness.
American Sniper has a perspective that's recognizable from the classic Westerns Eastwood has long been associated with, both as an actor and a director. It's an existential critique of violent machismo that doubles as a celebration of violence.
This is a film of Zen-balanced emotional weight, and a combat movie which would make the genre's master Sam Fuller proud.
[Cooper] breathes life into a figure that might, in the wrong hands, been deified as some kind of neo-con god, instead of a troubled and vulnerable, albeit deadly, human being.
It is rousingly done, but at 132 minutes, unnecessarily long.
This film demands to be seen and is rightfully sparking debate -- but doesn't tell the full story.
Bradley Cooper is nothing short of perfect.
American Sniper is hard-hitting, no doubt, and predominantly a performance-oriented film, where Cooper shines. It isn't the Clint Eastwood classic you expect it to be, though.
Cooper and Miller do what they can, but the script's lack of courage lets them down.
In order to present this purpose as Chris assumes it, the film must omit context or considerations of how the war was declared and waged, whether political decisions were flawed.
It's a biographical compound of critical moments which Eastwood had already used and done to perfection with J. Edgar and Jersey Boys. [full review in Spanish]
The movie resolves every complication as soon as it's raised. Kyle pulls the trigger every time.
Eastwood makes the moral stakes almost nonexistent.
American Sniper may have been served better if Eastwood had let Cooper show more of the complexities of this real-life figure.
It's a fantastic showcase for Bradley Cooper playing the kind of character it's not always easy for an actor to capture.
Clint Eastwood's American Sniper is an often lazy and somewhat hazy propaganda film about American heroism and hell in the Iraq War.
American Sniper does the near impossible, celebrating the warrior spirit while refusing to look away from the chaos it generates. It will leave you with your pulse racing, and your heart aching.
Although Cooper succeeds in resembling and sounding like the real Kyle, this isn't some cheap impersonation trick. Cooper gives maybe the best performance of his career.
Clint Eastwood offers a powerful low-key portrait of the man, accented by a non-obtrusive score, that leaves it up to you whether to judge Kyle or simply to recognize him as a member of the family that did a very difficult job.
Clint Eastwood shows us he can still churn out a good war film, but misses the mark on making it a truly great one.
American Sniper depicts events that saw Kyle revered as a hero among his military colleagues, but the film, and Cooper's performance, challenge what that word may mean.
Primarily, it is a gritty and moving war story about the heroes who have answered America's call to arms. Secondarily, it is an unapologetic manifesto from Eastwood about what it means to be an American and a warrior today.
We are likely going to need more, not fewer, soldiers like those depicted in this boldly contrarian Hollywood product of which we also need more.
Too often in "Sniper," Eastwood kowtows to our basic need to have clear-cut good guys and bad guys. And when Kyle makes the impossible shot, it feels (in the limited context of the film) like we've actually won something. We haven't.
Serious people -- critics I admire, whose political sympathies are close to mine -- keep insisting that Clint Eastwood worked profound moral ambivalence and heartfelt complexities of character into American Sniper. I wish it were so.
What a surprise that rather than an uncritical testament to the might of the armed forces, Eastwood delivers this complex, conflicted and profoundly moving look at the military machine, and the toll it takes on the soldiers.
Rivets our attention while giving us plenty to think about
Despite its miniscule degree of ambiguity, the goal and outcomes of American Sniper are clear: a great man done a great thing for a great country.
As a war movie, it's pretty solid. As a character study, it's virtually generic. Cooper's strong performance salvages the rough spots.
Politics, commentators and nationalism aside, American Sniper is a damn good film.
Though lacking subtlety, the portrayal of Kyle as a complex, damaged hero is engrossing.
Bravely refusing any form of hagiography, Eastwood triumphs with a measured, morally complex, and utterly gripping snapshot of what war can do to the men who fight it.
All of this has been done before - and much better - in The Hurt Locker.
Eastwood is less concerned with action heroism than the consequences of deadly action, how it chips away at the living.
Some of what it is, is ambivalent to the point of being problematic; a tiny bit of what it is, is acutely vile; and most of what it is, is a smart, complex portrait of a man.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Corporate Political Military Junta Propaganda: Hollywood Commits Cultural Suicide With Clint Eastwood's Help
It's too bad that it isn't a better movie, as its more complex shadings tend to get lost in the narrative rush and overly familiar situations, which makes it all the easier to misunderstand it and treat it like a political jackhammer
Cooper's performance is totally precise. The gradations he and Eastwood have chosen to show - of Kyle's character, personality and disease - are perfectly graded ... and if that isn't exactly the man Chris Kyle was, it's an indelible movie character.
Eastwood leaves a lot on the table when the big, difficult questions come up, but when the bombs start exploding, this movie is locked in and purposeful.
Unlike the movie version of Chris Kyle who never makes a mistake, Eastwood and his writer are prone to flubs that cost them their "fog of war" stance.
As he begins to doubt, so do we.
We feel Kyle's detachment and disorientation (and Cooper is excellent) because Eastwood, working with his long-time collaborators, have punished us with the best action scenes of his career.
It's a surprisingly timid turn from Eastwood, a riveting performance from Cooper, and a movie that never quite knows how to say what it wants to.
Cooper looks the part, having bulked up for it, but he can't do anything with the blandness of the character the script has given him.
We've seen it before, but Eastwood is good at making it seem raw and personal, largely by the care he takes in building a character, and the situations that will test them.
For all the talk of American Sniper's pro-war ideology, the most troubling aspect I felt was that the film doesn't appear to have an ideology at all.
...reminds us of the emotional scars our soldiers carry long after the piercing sounds of rifle fire have faded into dull echo.
The film is not, by any fair measure, a battle hymn or a call to arms. As with The Hurt Locker the film's intent is to engender respect for those doing the fighting, not to justify the reasons for the fighting. American Sniper is pro-warrior, not pro-war.
For a film that seems to have its heart in the right place, it certainly botched the delivery of its otherwise quite worthy message.
Featuring an amazing performance by Bradley Cooper, "American Sniper" is Clint Eastwood's return as an important filmmaker
Heartbreaking and Brave
Aims for entertainment as well as something even deeper, and hits its mark.
Eastwood presents Kyle as a type of intuitive artist-filmmaker. Painstaking and passionate about his work, he peers through lenses, makes adjustments to the focus and framing and creates mini-narratives about the characters. He calls the shots, literally.
It's not a biopic but a polite, deceitful eulogy of a far more complicated man.
Although the book paints a better picture of Chris Kyle as a man, this is one RPG of a war story.
Not one of Clint Eastwood's best film, this is a biopic of Chris Kyle, a Texan rodeo-rider who became a Navy SEAL sniper, credited with 160 kills while on duty in Iraq.
... a mature film of the toll war takes on its warriors, and you should see it, regardless of your politics.
There's no doubting the sincerity and passion of actor Bradley Cooper, director Clint Eastwood and screenwriter Jason Hall in bringing that saga to the screen. So, why is it a good movie instead of a great one?
This is one of the best films of 2014, even though liberals and pacifists will hate the political message it sends. But politics aside, the craftsmanship of this film is flawless.
Director Clint Eastwood deftly shows the mental and physical toll of heroism in a way that will leave you gutted.
Is a biopic dishonest if it attempts to make its subject more introspective than he likely was in real life?
"American Sniper" is crammed with action, heart-pounding moments and incredible gunshots by Cooper. But Eastwood seems distracted by his need to make a patriotic film more than a desire to show the real ramifications of so much killing.
After "Trouble with the Curve", director Clint Eastwood had nowhere to go but up. He has done that with "American Sniper", but I'm not convinced it belongs with the other Oscar candidates.
Simplistic and repetitive, but Bradley Cooper delivers another very watchable Oscar-nominated performance.
Eastwood doesn't simply circle the flames but gets right into the heat of combat. And he is as unerring as his sharp-shooting protagonist.
A character-driven drama that's among the most incisive military movies of the post-9/11 era.
Entertaining, tense and thrilling, "American Sniper" devolves into glorification -- sugarcoating the truth and creatively changing details to assure we see the hero Chris Kyle was without most of the much darker anti-hero he also was.
Despite the jingoism and uncritical appraisal of the war in which Kyle served four tours... Jason Hall's script can't help but draw attention to the ironies, many of them cruel, that form the context.
Those who care will find it tough to reconcile the Kyle in the movie with the reality; others will find it a familiar, occasionally moving, but ultimately directionless peek through the crosshairs at the personal costs of war.
Eastwood has stripped things back so that we observe the action through American eyes only, our focus as blinkered as that of its titular killer.
Bradley Cooper, who bulked up forty pounds for the film, gives a stunning natural performance.
Bleeds red, white and blue in the worst ways. American war films have moved past this jingoism.
It's about the war every soldier fights... to reconcile their beliefs & illusions about their duty with the realities of war. But eventually, the soldiers fight to leave the war behind & live life again, & that's a battle very few seem to win these days.
Although it is a better written and made film then The Hurt Locker which won the Oscar, American Sniper is just as determined to ring emotional bells for an America that has lost much of its self assurance on the world stage
It's like being there - right in the midst of a war zone, where life and death rely on split second decision ... the story of a remarkable man, as told by a remarkable filmmaker
Eastwood eschews his conservative leanings to make a surprising, but subtle, anti-war film that captures the cumulative costs of battle on a man, a family and a nation drawn into a conflict it had no business fighting.
The weakest of the eight Best Picture Oscar nominees, this nevertheless turns out to be one of the better Clint Eastwood releases of recent vintage, even if it's less a heartfelt piece of moviemaking and more a bald lunge to score yet more Academy gold.
"A tedious and uninspired film that's more about shooting a lot of people from far away than it is an exploration of the effects of shooting a lot of people from far away."
Never mind whether [its] superficiality makes the movie reckless, it makes the movie pointless.
Bradley Cooper makes this movie worth watching. He can also deadlift like a champ.
A powerful story that details the heavy personal ramifications that comes with being a legend of war, with Clint Eastwood's straight shooting, masculine direction capturing the totality of a soldiers experience without any filter, pretence or agenda.
unlike any war movie I have seen in recent memory
American Sniper may not be the strongest biopic in the genre, but it is on par with other acclaimed military action-thrillers like Black Hawk Down or The Hurt Locker.
American Sniper is trying so hard to be this year's Zero Dark Thirty and it just isn't. It's closer in tone to Act of Valor, which despite trying to be an honest portrayal of the Navy SEALs was a complete entertainment-lacking dud.
Eastwood wants to cast our morally complex modern wars into "good vs. evil" in a movie that places the blame for the toll on a faceless other.
Eastwood had a platform to present a complex picture of the Iraq War - both its heroics and its effect on the men and women who fought it - but he doesn't take the shot.
It's been called a neo-western, but is that fair? When was the last western they made where the Indians were all bad Apaches?
The 84-year-old's deep appreciation of the masculine -- its conflicts, its appeal, its evolving truths -- has added texture to our understanding of violence, warfare and more. At least as it is represented onscreen.
Kyle did a great service to his country, and saved many lives. But one need not tarnish his reputation to admit that the Iraq War was a complex one; nor to point out that the life of a sniper, killing from afar, is predicated on a certain moral ambiguity.
A film that isn't merely a war movie -- it's a story of courage, conviction, camaraderie and caring.
The whole movie depends on our acceptance of Kyle as a true American hero and Eastwood sells it with a dollop of ice cream on the apple pie thanks to Cooper's natural charisma.
Sharp physical filmmaking; a superb performance by a stewing Cooper; morally ambiguous storytelling.
In an amazing display of artistry undiminished by age, Clint Eastwood hits the bulls-eye, again. Cooper is astounding.
You get the sense that the real Kyle was a much more interesting figure than the one portrayed here.
Director Clint Eastwood continues his quiet critique of the moviegoer's deep delight in cinematic violence.
Taken as a whole, it feels far more like a missed opportunity to bring something with sophistication and grit to the screen. "American Sniper" has lots of targets to shoot at, it just feels in the end that it's firing blanks.
Eastwood takes on the story in a straightforward, apparently conventional Hollywood fashion that camouflages his deeper intention -- the exploration, if not explosion, of masculine myth.
Great movie but Eastwood misses digging really deep into the psychology of how a PTSD, shell-shocked veteran views a consumer, fun-based and somewhat shallow U.S. society.
Eastwood keeps the tension ratcheted up high and Cooper delivers what's arguably his best performance to date. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
It may be admirable for Eastwood to have de-dramatised the material. But that doesn't make this hugely disappointing film any easier to sit through.
Feels like a movie that has a lot more to say, but can't figure out how to convey its message despite a fantastic effort from its leading man.
Despite Cooper's committed acting, "American Sniper" feels redundant.
What we end up with is a rather empty film that doesn't begin to scratch the surface of this incredible individual, a shell that gives us the layout of his life, but nothing more.
This adaptation of the memoir by Chris Kyle, the deadliest sniper in American military history, benefits from Bradley Cooper's lead performance but remains a disturbingly simple-minded look at the Iraq war.
The first must-see film of 2015. A remarkable achievement.
Eastwood never exults in the brutal action, and throughout the film we can feel his disgust
The movie about heroes in our military that should be made more often.
American Sniper is a typically thoughtful, unflashy Clint Eastwood production that respects Kyle's achievements while questioning the price he had to pay.
Eastwood is still making great films, with the 84-year-old's recent resumé including such historical treats as Changeling, Jersey Boys and Invictus. But, unfortunately, this isn't one of his finest moments.
A confident yet thoughtful performance from a bulked-up Bradley Cooper is the solid centre of director Clint Eastwood's absorbingly matter-of-fact biopic of the most lethal sniper in US military history.
American Sniper romanticizes Kyle, whose bestselling memoir, which put him on talk-show appearances, included boastful stories of dubious authenticity. What remains is distilled and dramatized, a story of loss, the story of the universal soldier.
The fluidity and tension of the battle scenes is breathtaking, Eastwood at his cinematic best. But it's the ever-tightening knot inside of Kyle the director really wants to understand.
Eastwood knows he's obliged to be straight with people about combat and its consequences, and he is.
If American Sniper fails at being a truly great film, it is no fault of its star.
It has problems, yes, and falls back on war-movie clichés now and again, but "American Sniper" is a solid movie that is surprisingly haunting.
At 84, Clint Eastwood has directed one of his most understated, fast-paced pictures.
Ultimately more of an action-inflected character study rather than a weighty commentary on the Iraqi conflict, Eastwood creates some incredibly vivid, sweat-inducing situations which capture the uncertainties and confusion of conflict.
American Sniper is not afraid to show Kyle's dark side and the contradictions in his personality -- and that is why it has such resonance.
Though his past as a punk-challenging, on-screen enforcer suggests a guy who thinks he has the answers, Eastwood the director always asks the big questions.
American Sniper [combines] a lean, unfussy approach to combat action sequences with a glimpse into the psyche of the fighting man.
Put it in your sights.
What a disappointment.
Bradley Cooper is excellent in Clint Eastwood's gripping drama.
The film does not say anything revelatory about the subject, but it says its piece with a precise clarity of narrative and an appropriate degree of moral uncertainty.
The film is, simply, a tragedy in which American certainty comes to grief against the rocks of the real world, and it views its central figure as a decent man doing indecent things for what he keeps telling himself is a greater good.
American Sniper often has a sorrowful immediacy. But director Clint Eastwood's film also bears the weight of a decade spent warring in the Middle East, considering the long, painful view of a generation sacrificed for goals that aren't always clear-cut.
A movie that can't find a credible perspective on its subject, despite a winning performance from Bradley Cooper in the title role.
American Sniper becomes a problematic work that dilutes its gut-gripping, conscience-blanching opening sequence with an episodic barrage of military confrontations involving dehumanized enemy targets.
American Sniper doesn't have the same moral reverb of Eastwood's finest work. Still, the action sequences are packed with zealous clarity and tense dynamism.
A stark, powerfully-acted drama featuring a career-best turn from Bradley Cooper.
A thrilling Iraq war story that manages to both honour the necessities of heroism and ruminate on what heroism might cost a man.
Impressive in the particulars, weaker on the whole.
The melancholy streak coursing throughout the picture speaks to the grand tragedy of war and those who wage it on the ground, guns in hand and hearts in throat, unaware at the moment of how radically different the rest of their lives will be.
Young volunteers have been at war for 14 futile years, and the next Chris Kyle deserves to be understood.
Cooper's performance grounds a solid, authentic drama - Eastwood's best since Letters From Iwo Jima - that is less about one single field of combat than the price of war itself.
"Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown," Shakespeare wrote. But is that true when the coronet is no more than a backward ballcap balancing a pair of wraparound shades?
There's a difference between a film about a man reluctant to acknowledge the psychological toll of what he endured and a movie that basically doesn't want to talk about it or question it, or think about it, period.
A shrewd and very well-made picture.
"American Sniper," Eastwood's 37th film as a director, is his darkest, tightest and most morally ambiguous drama since he shot the western dead with "Unforgiven."
It is set in this hyper-macho world and it seems to be all about killing and brutality, but you walk away from it feeling like you understand so much more about the humanity of these people.
A shouty, weary spreadsheet about American geo-military good intentions and the place to which, we know, good intentions pave the road.
The message of American Sniper? There really isn't one, apart from Eastwood's career-long fascination with taciturn men called upon to do a dirty but necessary job well.
Sensitivities are numbed and greater understanding of Chris is lost in the final act, but that doesn't completely wash away what works about Sniper, which retains its power, albeit in disappointingly diluted form.
"American Sniper" does more than take us on the battlefield. It takes us into Kyle's psyche and slowly shows the toll his job takes on his mind and emotions.
Puts forth a lot of different, and even contradictory ideas about violence, war, duty and family. Much more complex than you probably think.
Once again, director Clint Eastwood lurks in the background, springing a stunningly atmospheric thriller on audiences when they least expect it.
Eastwood's infectious sympathy for Kyle and ease with the actors and action ultimately triumphs over the film's lack of engagement with either marital or wider political issues.
The best movie Clint Eastwood has made since 2006's Letters From Iwo Jima.
No matter how well made and compelling Eastwood's film is, to produce something this incurious about its troubling real life subject, to promote his "legend" with little more than jingoistic hagiography, is at best disingenuous and distasteful.
American Sniper tries to juggle too many balls and ends up dropping every one of them.
The movie reality created by Eastwood is powerful and intense, and "American Sniper" is arguably his best picture since "Unforgiven."
Hard-pounding, compassionate and entirely captivating, it offers an insightful peek inside the pressure-cooker in which American service members operate.
A simplistic, pandering tribute to the American military and people who give themselves over to it blindly, aimed at an audience that prizes patriotism over drama .
It is to Cooper's credit - and Eastwood's - that Kyle does not come off as a lunk-headed cartoon hero, but a man who, if he doesn't struggle with his choices in the moment, is gravely affected by their consequences.
...a sturdy study of masculinity, from an icon of the topic.
A banal, bland tribute to things no one questions as laudable (though it has to misrepresent its subject to do so). But Bradley Cooper is very good.
While some unsettling reports...have resurfaced in pre-Oscar jostling, Eastwood's depiction of the toll war takes on the men who fight it and Bradley Cooper's transformative performance are still worth celebrating for their craftsmanship.
Cooper extends his streak as the Last Member of the Wedding Crashers Cast Anyone Would've Expected to Achieve Awesomeness But Did and Then Some. He gives a quietly powerful performance that I'm shocked to see hasn't registered on the award-season radar.
What might have been a penetrating film about the war and its after-effects becomes a standard war movie that often feels like a shooter videogame.
A welcome comeback for Eastwood.
Kudos to Clint Eastwood for fashioning such a moving and well-deserved salute to a real, American war hero!
More than an action film, this is a melodrama that demonstrates rather than examines the psychological burden of having to decide who lives and who dies.
Iraq warrior biopic American Sniper, about the late Navy SEAL sniper Chris Kyle, affords Eastwood another opportunity to wrestle with the way of the gun, but one that gets mired in military hero worship.
This troubling and ultimately tragic portrait of an all-American killer is Eastwood's best film in years.
American Sniper, based on Navy SEAL marksman Chris Kyle's best-selling memoir, is both a tribute to the warrior and a lament for war.
As Chris Kyle, Cooper beautifully realizes a living, breathing gentle-giant of a human being; but as a fictional bomb-disposal soldier, Jeremy Renner let The Hurt Locker share truths about war that American Sniper is too respectful to explore.
American Sniper makes for an engaging but frustrating debate about war.
Clint Eastwood's latest portrait of a man of violence unfolds with an immediacy that the octogenarian multi-hyphenate rarely musters anymore.
Whatever the reaction, American Sniper should hit most viewers where they live.
Much has been written about what this film is not. What it is, undoubtedly, is one damned compelling movie.
The film's interest in exploring the psychological and spiritual price of all that killing even in the service of a just war waxes and wanes throughout the film.
The film combines the most common tropes of war films and biopics, giving it a whiff of staleness before it really gets going.
It's a gritty, confident portrait of a man whose life may have been somewhat messier than this Hollywood version.
The ending is frustrating, but as a character study it's both powerful and provocative.
For very hard-working Bradley Cooper, making an homage to a lost warrior, this is a bullseye.
A return to form for Eastwood as a director.
Eastwood is mostly able to balance intensity and emotionality throughout this wartime drama thanks to a deeply unflinching turn by Bradley Cooper.
Often unbearably tense and always psychologically and emotionally captivating, American Sniper isn't interested in patriotism for patriotism's sake; it's interested in the cost of patriotism on those most invested in defending the right to have it.
The best thing about "American Sniper" is Bradley Cooper's performance as Navy SEAL Chris Kyle. Otherwise, the film is just another well-made "war is hell" flick.
Sad, serious, yet stilted study of the effects of brutality and violence..
Not a single false note nor a wasted moment exists in "American Sniper."
It's no surprise that the war footage is so brutally affecting, and it's no surprise that Cooper's performance is so striking. But what's so surprising about AMERICAN SNIPER is how subtly balanced it is.
American Sniper hits on the sniper part of its title, but sadly forgets to talk about the American.
Mr. Eastwood's film lets this good and anguished man speak for himself, and discover himself, at his own pace.
One of the more tough-minded and effective war pictures of post-American-Century American cinema.
...American Sniper is still a powerful, deftly pulled-off film on the aftermath of war as well as a competent character study of a single-minded man.
Less a war movie than a western - the story of a lone gunslinger facing down his nemesis in a dusty, lawless place - it is blunt and effective, though also troubling.
Clint Eastwood's best film since Letters from Iwo Jima.
Eastwood produces stunningly realistic battle scenes and gets terrific performances from Cooper and Miller. Dealing with actual war and its effect on a family, in a less political Hollywood, this would sweep the Oscars (R).
The question that has to be asked is, if so much had to be made up for this film to exist, why make it in the first place?
As a piece of direction, it's as taut as anything [Eastwood's] ever done.
This movie is drowning in duty -- to say nothing of hoary storytelling devices and one embarrassing scene after the next for Sienna Miller as Mrs. Kyle.
American Sniper could have been the movie that brought the toll of the War on Terror home. Instead, it's simply a harrowing reminder that, for many soldiers, the struggle still continues long after they've left the battlefield.
It's clearly Cooper's show. Substantially bulked up and affecting a believable Texas drawl, Cooper embodies Kyle's confidence, intensity and vulnerability.
American Sniper never decides what it's about, besides reminding people of a great American hero, a proclamation that needs a case behind it.
There's no freshness in either the domestic scenes or the combat sequences.
A respectful, and more than respectable, attempt to celebrate Kyle's service while also taking account of the effect it had on him and his family.
Clint Eastwood has directed war movies before, but never one that focused on a single warrior. And he has an amazing one here ...
Eastwood's impeccably crafted action sequences so catch us up in the chaos of combat we are almost not aware that we're watching a film at all.
Though it never uses the term "PTSD," American Sniper, at its best, is a devastating portrait of post-traumatic stress disorder.
American Sniper rings out with the sound of shots fired, but the silences between its pulls on the trigger are entirely too full of unanswered questions and missed opportunities.
Far more complex and troubling than The Hurt Locker, American Sniper is still liable to be misjudged by critics who refuse to look beyond surface details.
Eastwood displays the futility of the Iraq war, but, given more than 10 years of films with the same ideas and images, it's not a startling or even moving message.
But the adrenaline can't replace perception, and despite Eastwood's deft staging of the Iraqi scenes, they don't bring viewers any closer to understanding why Kyle insists on repeatedly returning to the war zones.
It's easily Eastwood's best film in years-the best since that 2006 double feature-and it's also the first one that feels pitched specifically to Red State America.
After 40 years of Hollywood counterpropaganda telling us war is necessarily corrupting and malign, its ablest practitioners thugs, loons or victims, "American Sniper" nobly presents the case for the other side.
Cooper nails the role of an American killing machine in Clint Eastwood's clear-eyed look at the Iraq War.
American Sniper lifts director Clint Eastwood out of the doldrums that have plagued his last few films.
It's not clear why the film needs to exist; the story itself isn't compelling enough and the filmmaker remains agnostic as ever when it comes to expressing a point of view.
American Sniper reflects its subject's perspective-perhaps to a fault.
Just as only Nixon could go to China, only Clint Eastwood could make a movie about an Iraq War veteran and infuse it with doubts, mission anxiety and ruination.
American Sniper is imperfect and at times a little corny, but also ambivalent and complicated in ways that are uniquely Eastwoodian.
On one hand it's a celebration of the troops. But that's not the same as being a celebration of war, and it's definitely not the same as being an uncritical look at what battle does to those who fight it.
Clint Eastwood is directing. Bradley Cooper is the lead. It's a movie about a decorated war hero, and the studio seems to be really high on it. Shouldn't it be, you know, better than this?
Bradley Cooper, as Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, and director Eastwood salute Kyle's patriotism best by not denying its toll. Their targets are clearly in sight, and their aim is true.
Clint Eastwood's best film in years - though it should be noted that we can claim this because recent films like Jersey Boys, J. Edgar, Hereafter, Invictus and Gran Torino have been mediocre disappointments.
Cautiously, Eastwood has chosen to omit Kyle's self-mythologizing altogether, which is itself a distortion of his character. We're not watching a biopic.
The best movies are ever-shifting, intelligent and open-hearted enough to expand alongside an audience. "American Sniper," Clint Eastwood's harrowing meditation on war, is built on this foundation of uncommon compassion.
Kyle's life could have made for a challenging, brutal and inspiring story, but not in Eastwood's hands.
A nice return to form for Clint
Eastwood's best film in a long time, and further proof that Cooper is both a great actor and a great star
If you can disregard its politics, you will see perhaps the most exciting adventure thriller of the year.
The film's just a repetition of context-free combat missions and one-dimensional targets.
Both a devastating war movie and a devastating antiwar movie, a subdued celebration of a warrior's skill and a sorrowful lament over his alienation and misery.
Legendary filmmaker Clint Eastwood has achieved another stunning cinematic milestone: he has made not one but two of the absolute worst movies of the year.
Clint Eastwood startlingly grips the audience with his sense of hypnotic silence, which carries suggestions of what might be termed politically apolitical pragmatism.
For all its easy humanity, the end result is off-putting and suggests that for all the care Eastwood and company take with Kyle's legacy, the man himself and the world he lived in is still a mystery to them and to us.
Demonstrating competent war scenes, along with an astounding and near unrecognizable performance from two-time Academy Award nominee Bradley Cooper, Clint Eastwood's new film "American Sniper" falters on storytelling and thematic developments.
American Sniper is at its freshest and most insightful when examining the physical and mental effects warfare takes on a soldier.
"The result is not unlike watching a suspenseful but highly repetitive video game, especially since nearly every Iraqi is seen through Kyle's highly perched rifle scope."
Would be a peerless film if Clint Eastwood kept to Kyle's fascinating military career and left out the annoying, under-written personal story.
In American Sniper, Eastwood delivers a transcendent wallop.
For people who want a perfunctory tribute to a man who seems to have lived an anything-but-perfunctory life, "American Sniper" should thrill, but for anyone looking to this as a film first, it is a flat, oddly stilted misfire.
Like most recent era Clint Eastwood directed movies: good enough, but it could have been even more.
Four or five stunning sequences in "American Sniper," including an intense firefight finale set during a sand storm, prove Eastwood still has his own capable handle on cinema.
Eastwood's deceptively straightforward take on the life of decorated marksman Chris Kyle is more rife with this sort of quandary than it initially appears.
This harrowing and intimate character study offers fairly blunt insights into the physical and psychological toll exacted on the front lines, yet strikes even its familiar notes with a sobering clarity ...
A taut, vivid and sad account of the brief life of the most accomplished marksman in American military annals, American Sniper feels very much like a companion piece-in subject, theme and quality-to The Hurt Locker.
"American Sniper" doesn't break much new ground when depicting the chaos of combat, but it's more astute in examining the mind-set of those who willingly put their lives on the line for others.

@highlight

Powered by Clint Eastwood's sure-handed direction and a gripping central performance from Bradley Cooper, American Sniper delivers a tense, vivid tribute to its real-life subject.