...strikes virtually all of the wrong notes right from the get-go...
It's likely that few people will ever even notice the success it might have been or the unremarkable failure it turned out to be.
Nothing here works. At all.
Some days you just can't resist cartoon chimps mocking William Shatner's delivery.
A film that, in a non-Pixar dominated reality, would be cleaning up at the box office. It's enough to make you laugh.
Space Chimp's narrative pendulum swings illustrate, in contrasting fashion, the care, depth and shading given to storylines by Pixar and creators of other top-shelf animated fare.
While it is not a transcendent flick, it will certainly provide necessary child pacification on a hot Saturday afternoon.
It's pretty much your run-of-the-mill CGI effort (and remember the days when the technology used to inspire 'ahhs and ohhhs?').
There is genuine sparkle in the voice work and more than a few jokes that really do hit the sweet spot.
A movie called Space Chimps ought to be cheap, crude and silly, and this computer-animated lark delivers on all fronts.
A sweet and harmless family film.
Cheap animation and a virtually non-existent plot pretty much destroy any semblance of potential this one-note premise has from the starting gates.
A real writer would have turned this in to a great animated action flick instead of animated ADD pabulum...
The film is pacy, full of humour rather than thrills and not too long. Not for connoisseurs of animation but fun for the young.
What with WALL-E knocking all other 3D-animated contenders off the planet, there's even less reason than usual to bother with a charmlessly garish CGI cartoon about, you guessed it, some chimps in space.
So, as our badly animated apes are sent to an alien planet for dull-as-ditchwater adventures with a population of little green men, the film doesn't just stoop in pursuit of a buck, it shimmies beneath the bar to record a new low.
My heartfelt advice is have mercy on your children and take them to see WALL-E instead.
Space Chimps tries to please both kids and parents with a queasy mix of rapid-fire, Looney Tunes-y slapstick and sly pop culture references, but the surprisingly flat animation and tired jokes keep it from ever leaving orbit.
The animation will dazzle undemanding tots, but the writers must have been paid peanuts for a script that flings around hit and (mostly) miss gags, ranging from fart funnies to Freudianism (!), like so much monkey mess.
It may look half-finished, but it's bright and silly and passes the time.
Space Chimps isn't so terrible - unashamed kids stuff that addresses no bigger question than how to pee in a space suit.
Unfortunately, the film-makers assume that pre-adolescent audiences will only identify with a smug, hyperactive central character such as the Andy Samburg-voiced Ham. Still, it's remarkable that they managed to smuggle an oral sex joke into a U-rated film
At a time when we are bombarded with dazzling CGI creations, the release of a film with such dull animation is intriguing. A film with clear adult aspirations held back by its supposed audience.
Coupling the men-on-a-mission antics of 'Armageddon' with the catch-all sci-fi pastiche of TV's 'Futurama', 'Space Chimps' is an underwhelming slice of lowbrow CGI entertainment.
Up against WALL-E and Kung Fu Panda this CGI 'toon looks flat and unoriginal. Who's trying to ape Pixar?
Entertaining, nicely animated and frequently funny family adventure with superb vocal performances and an extremely witty script.
The best that can be said for Space Chimps is that it's utterly undistinguished.
A decidedly disapppointing, if occasionally diverting, digitally animated feature.
...for kids of all ages from 6 to 7...
A perfect kids movie - for DVD viewing
Given that we have a gorgeously-animated, beautifully-constructed interstellar fantasy like Wall-E currently in theaters, why would anybody waste their time on Space Chimps?
Modestly entertaining and moderately painless. Under the circumstances, perhaps it would be unfair to ask for more. In any case, you won't get it.
This banana-brained picture doesn't deliver. Parents will prefer shuttling everyone to a second showing of WALL-E.
Maybe I've been spoiled because WALL-E and KUNG FU PANDA were so good, but this is just garbage.
I have to admit, there's a sort of dopey, cute, harmless charm to this movie. It actually doesn't stink.
The beauty of this rather conventional, kiddy adventure is that it revels in not taking anything seriously. The script is peppered with stupid physical comedy, silly puns and dry witticisms on the concepts of space and monkeys.
From the animation to the plot to the characterizations, Space Chimps is second-rate goods, and that's only if you're being kind.
You won't go ape over 'Space Chimps.' But it won't hurt your kids to monkey around with this for 90 minutes.
One of the better non-Pixar animated films out there.
These astro-chimps have the right stuff.
Ham is cocky, insulting and irresponsible. In other words, if you were looking for a break from your misbehaving kids by taking them to the theater, you won't get one.
If the massive profits of Disney and Pixar's animated work is what inspired rival studios to get in on that action, why is no one else aping those studios when it comes to good writing and inspired characterization?
Chimps could have made a better movie.
The movie is so routine that you welcome offbeat things like an alien who makes incredibly high-pitched noises. It's the sort of thing that might jolt you out of your sleep.
It's talking monkeys in space. How is that not fun?
Only a truly dreadful story could make 81 minutes seem like an eternity. And Space Chimps is just that leaden experience.
Released into theaters just weeks after Pixar's WALL-E reset the high-water mark for computer generated animation, Vanguard's comparatively modest effort relies on imagination and ingenuity to overcome budgetary and technological constraints.
The animated action movie nevertheless delivers -- da-dum -- more fun than a barrel of monkeys.
When they get to space, though, Space Chimps turns shrill and ugly. The film's designers seem to have run out of money.

Lacking forward motion, Space Chimps turns itself in circles.
There's probably not enough fuel beyond cute chimps in Candyland to achieve orbit for the kids.
When it comes to chimps and space, Stanley Kubrick pretty much covered the topic.
A bland tale.
The film's creators haven't learned the Pixar strategy of creating a resonant story as the foundation of a film. So we get a formulaic tale of a lazy nonconformist who learns to take his responsibilities seriously and saves the day.
Kiddie space adventure cute, but no WALL-E.
The movie could be about koala bears or unicorns or leprechauns with just a few small revisions to the screenplay.
Space Chimps is animated filmmaking done on the cheap financially and creatively, and that leads to simple math: Tired Visuals + Lame Script + D-List Voice Acting = Dumb movie.
With cheapie effects and a barrage of monkey puns, Space Chimps is too often content with only going halfway.
Why would you take your kids to see Space Chimps, an uninspired animated feature about chimp astronauts, when you could take them instead to see Wall-E.
A lighthearted treat for pint-sized moviegoers with tender tastes, featuring a clownish slacker living in the shadow of his famous astronaut dad, who learns to stop monkeying around and be a capable chimp off the old block.
Journalism is all about having the courage to write the truth even if it will get you mocked by your relatives and co-workers, so here goes: Space Chimps is hilarious.
Space Chimps is delightful from beginning to end: A goofy space opera.
Worse are the chimps themselves. Their bodies are realistic in all the wrong ways, with grotesque appendages and unpleasantly textured fur, while the expressions on their unadorable mugs are entirely devoid of humanity.
The CG animation is nothing special, but the characters are surprisingly fun and the story is full of enough puns, wordplay and slapstick to elicit laughs from across the age spectrum.
I never thought that a movie with a terrible song playing like the "Monkeyrena" would actually keep me entertained and make me laugh, but it did. It still has nothing on Wall-E.
[S]tarts out merely a misbegotten mess... And then it all turns terrifying...
...a good addition to this summer's family movie entertainment with its meaningful messages made appealing by a solid sense of humor.
It is actually kind of funny and entertaining despite the fact that it looks and sounds as though it is anything but that.
The animation looks unfinished, with a kind of lifeless mechanical sheen replacing actual textures.
consistently goes for the cheap laughs, mining way too many jokes out of puns, pratfalls, and the occasional reference to poop (these are apes, after all)
Space Chimps may not be top-flight entertainment, but as kid movies travel, it's unexpectedly engaging.
Despite its promising concept, the film is filled with lame pop-culture references and groan-worthy puns, and its technical aspects pale in comparison to those in the recent animated hits Kung Fu Panda and WALL*E.
Like a poorly designed videogame, it's as much a test of endurance of repetition as anything else.
One of those cartoons parents at least won't mind sitting through while little Miss or Mister Eight-and-younger gets his or her chuckles at the cute talking primates.
The film is no classic, certainly, but it's not one of those throwaway puff pieces, either.
As bland matinee diversions go, Chimps isn't the worst thing to plop your child in front of, but it's hardly worth the hundreds of dollars it takes to get a family to the movie theater these days.
A sexual metaphor about penises and a scene where a character is eaten by a creature and escapes death by exiting its anus is so inappropriate that the MPAA must have been asleep when they rated this G.
Chimp-related puns and maxims naturally abound, as do references to such unchildlike things as rhetorical questions and NFL expansion teams, and delivered at a clip that's alternately lively and insecure.
While candy-colored graphics should dazzle kids, Space Chimps has little draw for audiences spoiled by the Pixar-given knowledge that CGI can entertain -- and not just stupefy -- moviegoers of any age.
It'll keep the kids entertained for a while and give their parents a chuckle or two along the way.
As light as a banana souffle and about as substantial.
[It's] like they ran out of the $292.96 budget halfway through.
Space Chimps sucks a whole lot of talented people into a wormhole of lousy.
Small children may be distracted by the movie's bright colors, but others will be bored by the dull story and almost complete lack of wonder.
Saturday morning-grade fare that young children may enjoy but anybody older than eight will find bland and utterly forgettable.







@highlight

Space Chimps' cheap animation and overabundance of monkey puns feels especially dated in a post- Wall-E world.