Baldwin's scenes with Broderick crackle because we see Joe being drawn in by Steven's loser dreams.
The Last Shot is a fun movie that didn't make much of a splash.
It's got some really solid actors and even a fairly amusing premise ... so where are all the laughs?
Divertido em seu humor ingênuo e inofensivo, conquista principalmente graças ao carisma da dupla principal.
The story tries to make up for its lack of laughs by offering a series of quirky characters and bizarre moments, a tactic that works for a while but runs out of steam....
...never quite becomes anything more than a marginally entertaining way to kill 93 minutes.
There must be a story behind the orphaning of this odd, insidery Hollywood comedy reputedly based on a true story.
A silly movie that never for a minute tries to be anything else...it doesn't require anything from its audience but to laugh and enjoy the show.
enlivened by a steady stream of contributing talents
The Last Shot doesn't crackle and pop, but the send-up of Hollywood and the government gets off some good lines and generally endears itself with a kind of earnest scattershot loopiness.
"The Last Shot" commits the cardinal sin of comedies: it isn't funny.
There's an eccentric enchantment and easy friendliness to screenwriter Jeff Nathanson's modest debut film.
Ultimately plays like a low-rent version of the far superior Get Shorty.
Broderick and Baldwin occupy the center ring quite entertainingly, but there's a lot of hysterically funny upstaging from the sidelines.
Match the right actors to right roles, and it doesn't always matter when a movie misses its potential.
Content with chuckles when it should have gone for big laughs.
The Last Shot misfires as a comedy.
Appealingly cheesy, a tribute to the hope that springs eternal in the hopelessly inept.
Planned inanity never gets mad mad mad mad enough, and insider jabs like "I'm not a fake, I'm a director!" don't have the desired zaniness.
This is really funny.
Not as biting as 'The Players' but an intermittently funny story of a Hollywood ticket-taker who is chosen to direct a movie.
In the terms of the money-hungry Hollywood mindset, The Last Shot is an amusing, likable sleeper hit, but not an out-of-the-stratosphere blockbuster.
The problem with one joke movies is that after the joke there's still a movie you have to sit through. These are 93 loonnng minutes...an appalling waste of talented actors!
The Last Shot delivers cinematic nuggies to Tinsel Town
A delightful little surprise.
In The Last Shot, it's the women who steal the show ... but it makes for a better night at home on cable.
Nathanson processes this pungent stew of greed, ambition and self-delusion into pablum so sweet and bland it wouldn't shock a convent-raised idealist.
It's all very loose and, while occasionally diverting, doesn't really add up to anything.
[Nathanson has] loaded the movie with so much adolescent crudity that there's precious little room left for anything else, including wit.
A funny hybrid of Hollywood satire and mob comedy.
A ripped-from-the- headlines story rendered with wit, imagination and no small amount of moxie.
Thoroughly amusing.
Though it's not a blockbuster, it's a pretty good Shot.
Minor but racy and enjoyably rude.
It's so screwy you feel affection for it.
The movie has one joke, but it's a funny joke.
There are some very funny passing lines, but the movie's too uneven to enjoy.
Amiably cockeyed, well-cast ensemble comedy about Hollyweird.
There's no affection in this mean-spirited sendup of 'the business' and nothing to mitigate its sour taste.
The Last Shot is wildly uneven, but contains moments that are right up there with The Player.
It succeeds in appearing not only to approximate a real Hollywood production, but to actually be one itself.
a more deft hand at the helm would have helped things appreciably
Has the blunt energy of a teamster's truck taking on speed bumps...watch underrated actors Broderick and Baldwin try to outdo each other.
A hit-and-miss broadside at Hollywood and the cockeyed optimists who dream of making it big in movies.
It has a loose, unforced feel to it, a bunch of relatively funny bits and even a couple that are really funny.
Ensemble comedy about an FBI agent who poses as a producer to catch the mob is occasionally funny, but not great.
A very funny film at times, written with a sharp ear for absurdity and performed by some very talented people.
Jeff Nathanson's attempt tries to tell a nearly unbelievable true story but settles into being an unfocused clone of sharper works
The level of enjoyment one might get from a film about the film industry is probably exponentially based on one's own interest or involvement within the film industry.
The premise of this Disney-funded movie, based on a true story, is promising, but the film itself is a hard slog.
The number of moving parts, storylines and people being shuffled about does the movie in.
Never achieves liftoff.
Cross Get Shorty with State and Main -- Hollywood hustlers, colorful crooks, crafty poseurs, and a production crew on location -- and you have the stuff of The Last Shot. One other thing: eliminate anything funny.
With a few detours into questionable taste, it's a hoot.
An often funny if slight satire that's never as edgy as it thinks it is or as sharply focused as it needs to be to put it in a league with a Get Shorty or a State and Main.
Succeeds modestly where, by all rights, it should fail miserably.
Clunky comedy.
[Director Jeff Nathanson] sucks the life and the timing out of every scene.
Baldwin's commitment to character is admirable and continues to set him apart from performers of his generation.
A cute little picture.
Unremarkable, noisy and crude; but there is a low-key kick in watching Baldwin and Broderick enjoy each other so immensely.
Treads shaky ground but weathers the flat notes and emerges a comic winner.
More or less a neutered version of Robert Altman's sexy beast The Player.
An affectionate satire of Hollywood's fringe players.
This could all come off as decidedly trite, and it is, but damn, it's funny.
instead of a sharp satiric edge, there is the dull thud of overripe tomatoes hitting the pavement



@highlight

Wildly uneven comedy.