Mutterings and short clipped dialogues in ellipses may convey reality but are hard on a movie audience.
The French picture aims to titillate and shock with its graphic sex and violence, but ultimately it's monotonous and pretentious.
A movie full of surfaces but with exasperatingly little to say
Twentynine Palms is another in a string of recent French movies in which the body is no longer sacred, a churning, jerking, oozing machine. But Dumont seems to be working toward human discovery.
Fascinating in the abstract but wearisome in reality.
The talented filmmaker laid an egg with this one.
It's cheap thrills in an arty package.
Both the characters and the setting are a bit of a blank here, so it's no surprise the movie is, too.
A textbook example of how a director can strip away plot, motivation, character, and meaning and still leave arrant pretension standing tall.
Muddled.
French exercise in California crisis and empty existentialism manages to be pointless, dim and brutal all at once.
In Twentynine Palms, writer and director Bruno Dumont takes his cultural revenge on the United States, attacking countless American stereotypes and in the process reinforcing an equal number of cliches about arrogant French auteurs.
Let's just say that Palms could shock the pants right off of you.
It's alternately monotonous, hot and dramatic, which makes for a peculiar, not entirely unsatisfying atmosphere of neo -- or is that post? -- noir.
[Dumont] forces viewers to question not only what's on the screen, but ultimately, the very nature of reality.
[Brown Bunny] sports the narrative complexity of War and Peace compared with Twentynine Palms.
What Dumont expresses is too guttural and inchoate to even be called despair. It's not there yet, or else it's way past that.
Much of "Twentynine Palms" is ludicrous, awful...
Cannot entirely be dismissed, because the director so adamantly knows what he's doing.
With repetitive scenes of their rambling road trip, Twentynine Palms is more like a Humvee commercial, with plenty of hummers along the way.
Even adventurous moviegoers who are familiar with Bruno Dumont's previous features ... and consider themselves comfortable with his style -- long takes, graphically depicted sex, sudden violence -- may be taken aback by the intensity of this shocker.
Filled with Meaning, but completely pointless, Bruno Dumont's excursion into banality may well spell the death of minimalist cinema.
At turns sexy, ultra-violent and sweet, it will infiltrate your brain long after you've seen it.
The sustained force of Bruno Dumont's vision of existence as a swirl of brute instincts may not be easy to absorb, but it marks him as a major filmmaker.
Nihilism is a crude instrument, even for those with talent, and it can be especially hazardous for those who believe, as Dumont apparently does, that the sum total of existence is 'sex, love and evil.'
Dumont's methods are radical, but there's a fascinating method to his seeming cinematic madness.
Over and over in Twentynine Palms, Dumont rubs our noses in every detail of this tumultuous, yet oddly inconsequential, relationship.
A controversial French film about the Siamese twins of pleasure and pain and how you can't have one without the other.
This is one of those films in which the Act of Driving becomes a 10-minute statement of high emptiness.
Welcome to one man's personal apocalypse, which erupts like a nuclear bomb from inside the individual.
Director Bruno Dumont successfully opens up what is at heart a theatrical piece involving just two people.
A hollow and pointless exercise.
It's nothing sex in a movie about nothing people doing nothing in the middle of nowhere for no reason. I think that's the effect Dumont was going for.
Dumont is clearly fascinated by America's wide-open spaces, and much of Twentynine Palms is a love poem to the way we look at the world.
A real, and uncompromising, achievement.
Dumont's taste for the elemental has always flirted with the moronic. But this time, he's dozed off at the wheel and drifted well over the line.




@highlight

A muddled and inconsequential drama.