Though The Arbor is hard to watch, it's even harder to define, but it's clear that this is Andrea, this is England, and this is extraordinary.
Ms. Barnard illustrates in heartbreaking fashion how the cycle of familial neglect, low self-esteem and self destruction completely ruined lives that were once so full of promise.
What emerges is a curious mix of avant-garde technique and social-realist case study, equally indebted to Barnard's art-world-video background and Dunbar's own close-to-the-bone writing.
This is a fiercely intellectual piece of cinema that still manages to grab your heart and punch you in the gut.
...riveting stuff, all the more so since it's "real."
Documentaries often toy with the conventions of non-fiction storytelling to the detriment of their content, but Clio Barnard's innovative The Arbor provides a welcome exception to the norm.
Numerous celluloid experiments have fudged reality and fiction lately, but few are as formally inventive or socially revelatory as The Arbor.
For the morbidly curious, it's mesmerizing. But it's also a singularly watchable story for the strange, and strangely fitting, way in which it's told.
British Poor Adrift in Turbulent 'Arbor'
[An] exquisitely crafted docudrama.
The only weakness in this captivating film: too much screen time given to the trials and travails of Dunbar's half-Pakistani daughter, Lorraine, a heroin addict still suffering from the disinterest of her late mum.
The format suggests such films as "Synechdoche, New York" or "American Splendor," but Barnard has gone beyond them, also instilling a theatrical element befitting her subject.
It's an even handed and responsible profile that recognises the playwright's important contribution to British theatre without turning away from the vulnerable and flawed human being that she was.
The film's strange way of meandering off its original topic is never resolved, but even with its deficiencies The Arbor is always intelligent cinema.
The peanut gallery might say Clio Barnard's genre-bending The Arbor is a mixed-up moving target, but it's strikingly honed in on its subject: the lauded writer and loathed matriarch Andrea Dunbar.
Barnard's boldest move is to unveil the irresponsible chaos of the playwright's private life, and to make us wonder if the art was worth the suffering, after all.
Intense, startlingly creative. . .bio-doc. . .and searing portrait of destructive inheritance of addiction and domestic violence within . . .one family. . .and neighborhood.
From the sublimely ridiculous to the simply sublime, The Arbor exists at the intersection of life and art, reality and performance, documentary and fiction, and it explores that terrain in a way no other movie quite has before.
An epic piece of theatrical detachment
Original mixture of techniques makes this documentary provocative yet moving.
Brings the Dunbar story to life through a technique known as "verbatim theater," in which actors lip-synch testimony from the real people they're portraying.
Tough, worthy stuff.
Like a Ken Loach drama stripped to bare bones, "The Arbor" springs to life in the bright bitterness of Dunbar's prose, showcased in alfresco performances of contentious scenes from the play.
A bold experiment that doesn't quite work.
Barnard revisits the foredoomed career and tragic afterlife of this slum-born self-educated writer to electrifying effect, shooting mainly on location in Bradford, with actors lip-synched to actual recordings of the people they portray.
A mother-daughter tragedy presented in a cinematic hall of mirrors, The Arbor aestheticizes its grim nonfiction narrative with mixed results.
[VIDEO] "The Arbor" is a groundbreaking cinematic achievement.
The Arbor is a factual documentary that uses fictional techniques to retell a sad truth: The cycle of poverty and violence and addiction is vicious and near impossible to escape.
Regardless of which aspects of the film catch your attention, you can prepare to be heartbroken by what you see.
A powerful tale not easily shaken off.
With this bracingly original debut feature, artist Barnard creates one of the most involving and moving documentaries in memory. Stylistically mixing filmmaking approaches, she engulfs us in a fiercely inventive movie experience.
The Arbor is not an easy film, but it's a rewarding one.
A fascinating montage of reality and reenactment that reveals the inner truths of Andrea Dunbar's life and work, shows living conditions of the working poor in northern England, and gives rise to contemplation of the importance of artistic expression.
This film, which may seem like a niche-interest documentary at first glance, is rich in structural and stylistic innovation of great importance to the genre.
A compelling insight into a challenging woman, given an extra dimension by some brave if occasionally dubious directorial flourishes.
Revealing, moving and entirely individual.
The Arbor is one of the most imaginative and compelling documentaries seen in recent years.
The emotional core of the film holds fast, which is the only thing that matters, however fictional or factual the film appears to be.
A remarkable film: conceptually acute, brilliantly realised, impossibly sad.
It's a powerful story, but muddled by the nagging distraction of having these voices lip-synched by actors.
Barnard has created a modernist, compassionate biopic: a tribute to her memory and her embattled community.
This is a deeply resonant piece of filmmaking that leaves you sure of one thing -- there's always more than one truth.
The style of the film is often brilliant and always arresting, especially when Dunbar's work is performed by lively local actors on her desolate former stomping ground.
Moving, bold, unconventional and impeccably staged, The Arbor is a worthy tribute to a powerfully artistic voice.
It's an appalling indictment of family dysfunction but there are shards of optimism, particularly the noble actions of the self-sacrificing couple who acted as foster parents for the adolescent Lorraine.
Is the film a drama? Or a documentary? We're not sure.

@highlight

Smart and inventive, The Arbor offers some intensely memorable twists on tired documentary tropes.