It is both straightforward and abstract, using cinematic tricks to put the audience in Sam/Henry's headspace. The result is a bit a sense of intentional vertigo that may cloud the films ultimately humanist point.
A sappy melodrama touted in a supernatural angle...
Ewan McGregor, Naomi Watts and Ryan Gosling all lower their box office merit with this unbaked psychological thriller about a suicidal man (Gosling) taunting his eccentric psychologist (McGregor) after surviving a horrible car accident.
The effect is something indescribably cinematic, as the inner mechanics of the mind's eye are vividly translated onto the big screen. Beautiful, haunting and ultimately transcendent...
Stay wants to be good, creepy fun, but by the middle of the film, I was so uninterested in the plot I became obsessed with McGregor's pants
Ultimately the film delivers such a weak payoff that it makes nearly everything that came before it seem rather pointless.
A head-scratching thriller...
So often, I have seen films like this that try to walk the fine line between creativity and confusion. Director Marc Forster manages to walk that line with precision.
The technical virtues of the film may outstrip the content, but it's an entertaining film, nonetheless. You might want to stay around for this one.
Pretty to look at, tough to follow, and, ultimately, difficult to swallow, Stay certainly isn't a bad film ... but it sure as heck isn't one you'll be raving about anytime soon.
A disaster from beginning to end. If you're going to Stay anywhere, Stay at home.
Revela-se apenas mais uma variação de uma premissa utilizada por vários outros filmes.
...there is nothing interesting about the payoff; it seems like little more than a convenient excuse for a director to have fun, throwing a bunch of wild stuff up on the screen.
A psychological thriller in a category by itself.
Foster's payoff is so chintzy it would make even Freud run away.
OK, all you folks who loved the bizarre "Mulholland Drive" as much as I did. You're in for another mind-boggling, brain-teasing treat.
Whether the lack of story clarity is a weakness or a virtue is an individual response, but the filmmakers do not hesitate in playing up the cinematic flourishes.
[R]edeems itself so tremendously in the end that the final five minutes more than make up for any doubts you might have had along the way...
The intent is to rivet the viewer's attention, but the movie is so relentless in imposing its deliberately dazzling technique that audiences are liable to be annoyed instead.
There's very little pay-off to this overlong and murky psychological thriller.
Forster should be commended for attempting something as daunting as the overreaching Stay.
In all honesty, by the time Forster and Benioff reach their conclusion (which, looking back on it, would be sort of neat if it didn't make the proceeding 90 minutes a waist of time), I had a headache so throbbing I simply didn't care.
Stay is interesting, but it's hard to recommend to anyone but the small cadre of David Lynch devotees who will inhale anything with a whiff of similarity to their favorite auteur's scent.
Stay away!
In Marc Forster's humorless thriller, going insane is an exciting, luxurious affair.
Perhaps the most challenging film released this year.
If dreariness were high art, Stay would be a permanent fixture in the Louvre.
a far better movie than you'd think.
Another nail in the coffin of Ewan McGregor's career.
This is the kind of flop that makes even the popcorn taste lousy.
What Forster's missing is an emotional connection - identification with something primal beneath the surface disorientation.
There's a lot of talent at work here from the cast to the screenwriter to the director and the visuals, but it's all so arbitrary and cheap and the payoff is so, so lame.
Audience members probably fluttered their eyes in disbelief at this convoluted tale.
More of an abstract than trick, Stay is a satisfying examination.
It's rare that movies are made with such devotion to detail, even if the details are more frivolous than significant.
A more appropriate title for Stay would have been Go.
Its sole purpose appears to be to confuse, to muddle and to blow our minds.
Very stylish, nice to look at, but a good cast and good director, doesn't always mean it's a good movie. It doesn't draw you in and make you want to stay through the end.
It demands you to keep thinking about it after its through with you.
Was the conclusion unforeseen? Definitely. Did it make me think about or learn something about the human condition? Not really.
Films like this don't allow you to anticipate what's coming, deciding to instead sneak into your body and astound you with the widest range of emotions
A richly detailed, fascinating, and insightful puzzle that should prompt many to go back for a second look
S lot of talent gets expended in Stay. (I'm not including whoever dressed McGregor.) Too bad the movie they made, while effective in short spurts, is almost a complete waste of time.
It's all very deep, but in a tricked-up, art-directed sort of way.
The movie is so carefully made and well-acted, it's never really unwatchable and Gosling has been playing pallid, tremulous special-case guys so long he could do it napping.
Stay is crowded with layers and symbols, probably too many for one movie, and it ultimately wears out its welcome. But its images are compelling, even as its story fades away.
A pretty package that's empty on the inside.
Forster's disjointed cuts and camera angles fail to spice things up as intended. Instead, he seems to be killing time until the film's trick ending.
Some people find this twisty and twisted psychological thriller arty and pretentious. I find it arty and provocative.
You know you're in trouble when even the film's title remains a mystery.
Sometimes artful doesn't make up for annoying.
Ultimately, it's a whole lot of style at the service of a story that adds up to nothing more than a great big 'Gotcha!'
Pretentious claptrap.
Stay is a heartless puzzle that builds no empathy for its characters, no pathos at all, as it is giving us many cryptic clues that don't really lead to that finale. It's an intellectual exercise, not an emotional one.
You the viewer have the dubious privilege of deciphering what shreds of internal logic the story holds, an exercise that quickly loses its mystique given the sensory overload of imagery and the flatness of the characters.
Too bad that when it comes time to finally produce a rabbit from his top hat, all Forster can manage is a mouse.
There's no payoff as things drag along to a ludicrous ending that reeks of contempt for its audience.
If you do not like Stay, it will not be because of the quality of the acting or the physicality of the setting they work in. Instead, it will be that you cannot or will not understand what Forster & company are on about in their surreal drama.
Stay has all the signs of a look-what-I-learned-in-film-school movie.
The final twist does more to unravel what's come before than to tie it all together, making what's come before feel like a cosmopolitan goose chase.
More bewildering than entertaining.
Whether you guess the ending early or have it smack you upside the head, the result is the same: You'll be out the price of a ticket.
It's hard to imagine a film more perversely obtuse than this dark, grim exercise in cinematic sleight of hand.
The brain power you expend making sense of it is better spent elsewhere.
It all leads to nowhere involving or revelatory or particularly entertaining unless you are interested in Forster's hip, eccentric tastes.
Stay is a cheap trick. Avoid it.
How could anyone think that this movie is totally ridiculous?
Stay is all dressed up with no place to go, an eye-popping exercise in lavish style unattached to any discernible content.
Takes us down a rabbit hole and loses us there.
This one is more headache-inducing than mind-blowing.
Another exercise in alienated chic, Stay plays like an impenetrable collage. The movie's chilly moods and eerie suggestions don't amount to much, and all the weirdness leads to a pip-squeak of a payoff.
The style of Stay is no different than a 15-year-old goth'd out chick about to be sentenced to boot camp on Maury Povich - it's weird for the sake of being weird.
When the movie is over, and we know all that is to be known, it deserves some thought.
Forster keeps us from drifting off with inventive camerawork; in this case, that's like saying a hideous suit has well-stitched lapels.
A gorgeous, textured, meaningful, multimedia shadow play; appreciate it as deeply as you like
It's worse than bad. It's mediocre.
It is neither deep nor mind-blowing. But we shouldn't deny the very concrete delectations it offers.
Works best as an intellectual cinematic essay on the veiled subject at hand (and a director-driven art film at that), rather than as a narrative drama.
Part thriller, part mind-bending absurdity, it will definitely leave you scratching your head. But try to stay until the end--it might make up for the rest of it.
After it's over, the nagging feeling will hit you in the parking lot that it really doesn't make any sense.
You could attempt to summarize the plot of 'Stay' -- or could try to catch the morning fog in a butterfly net: Either activity would produce the same results.
People who have never seen a movie using this gimmick may be impressed, but for those who have - or can see it coming - there isn't very much point.
There are no surprises to get excited about, and Forster's stylistic choices tend to push the film into tedium
A very sad story with great potential, but what's pulsating through its veins is a double-assed Twilight Zone that somehow manages to tell it from the wrong point of view.
Watts is under used and wasted. More Naomi = More Waffles, no matter how bad the movie might be
The movie demands that its viewers put the fragmented images and information together like an intellectual jigsaw puzzle, but it never gives those viewers a good reason to do so.
... for a film so affectingly steeped in loss, resignation and the ghosts of memory, the revelation... lacks emotional resonance.
...a striking piece of work, one that stays with the viewer long after the end credits have rolled.
Stay is worth seeing for its powerful performances, excellent direction, and beautiful visuals.
Stay away.
Ultimately empty.
Stay means to unsettle us, and it does.
Rod Serling would have wrapped this mysterioso story about a psychiatrist and a suicidal patient dislocated by time, space and a lot of crazily raked angles into a tight half-hour episode.
The visual effects, especially those used to enhance the metaphysical elements, are impressive, but the story lacks that certain something.
A woozy, pretentious would-be thriller that aims to be mind-bending but instead is patience-trying.
A great big blurry mess.
Most will likely sniff this one out for what it is, a would-be mystery thriller with pretensions to being something more that actually delivers a good deal less.
After an hour or so, despite the heroic efforts of cast and crew, torpor and impatience slither between the movie's trapdoors.
Stay, it won't.
Though visual prodigies abound, the nightmare never gets real enough.
Gosling and McGregor deliver beyond-the-call-of-duty performances that hold you riveted even when the story goes silly.
All of this leads up to a promising reveal but what we get is a great big "huh?"
It's a puzzle that tells you not to blatantly trust what you see. It just asks you to trust the wonders of the imagination -- from whatever direction it comes.
A steaming compost heap of high-art pretense and half-cocked psychoanalysis.
Forster's symbolism goes from clever to exasperating to, finally, sort of klutzily endearing - the work of a gifted art student who can't resist piling on the glitter.
...fussily enigmatic.
The viewer's confidence and attention are not only undermined, but completely disregarded. You get the same feeling as Charlie Brown when Lucy pulls the football away.
A metaphysical film that has no existential thoughts in its head.
Maybe he's also Sam. Or an aspect of Sam. Or else Sam is an aspect of Henry. Maybe Henry is an aspect of Lila. Maybe what we think is reality is all an illusion. Maybe illusion is actually reality. Maybe we're all jacked into the Matrix.
Stay attempts to justify the entire price of admission with its ending twist.
Left me yearning for the parking lot.
Be prepared for punishment and confusion; otherwise, stay away.
Forster presents to us the despair of the world as a soulless, Euro-trashy video installation.
Talented actors McGregor, Watts and Gosling are wasted in a pretentious thriller that's located in a space between reality and illusion, life and death, in other words limbo.











@highlight

A muddled brain-teaser, Stay has a solid cast and innovative visuals but little beneath the surface.