When the film is following the twists and turns of the mean girl schemes, it has an energy and a life that is fun and entertaining but it gets soft and sappy with a feel good finale that is pure grade A-bullshit.
Fizzes with peculiarly feminine evil, of the kind that comes dripping through a pillowy smirk garnished with baby-pink lipgloss.
The best of the recent clutch of teen movies, Mean Girls also represents a return to form for the filmmaking wing of Saturday Night Live.
Mature but often-hilarious teen comedy.
Lindsay Lohan is more likely to die before 30 than to land another lead role as suited to her (likely squandered) talent. Tina Fey's script is an observant equal-opportunity offender about how high school remains a jungle of hormones and haughtiness.
Like Heathers with the edges filed down a bit...the kind of smooth, clever (and rare) entertainment that critics and audiences can all enjoy, guilt-free. [Blu-ray]
A very intelligent, often funny, well written and clever satire on high school and its status quo...
The film boasts a solidly female cast, and its' a well cast film at that.
Like the wannabes at North Shore, Mean Girls longs to take a step beyond the ordinary, but it takes the easier, more traditional route instead.
Though better written, better acted and with more wit and subtlety than your average teen flick, the atmosphere in Mean Girls with its promiscuous sex and well, meanness, make it almost as nasty to sit through as these girls are to each other.
A lively and upbeat teen comedy that grapples with social dynamics, Mean Girls is fresh, spicy and laden with plenty of tang.
It's not a classic, but it's an above-average and refreshingly smart teen comedy.
It announces the arrival of Tina Fey into the ranks of smart screenwriters.
Lacks the genuine bile that made Heathers so bracing.
Props to Tina Fey for being the first cast member since Mike Myers in Wayne's World to survive her movie being produced by Saturday Night Live boss Lorne Michaels -- and not also have her movie completely suck.
Mean Girls lacks sincerity, and instead acts like any teenage queen bee -- being cruel and picking on the weak -- only to then break its own rules and be hypocritical.
Happily, Fey and Waters gently tweak the studios' usual high-gloss caricature of adolescence and aim for acutely hilarious and surprisingly empathic sociology.
The stinging wit of first-time screenwriter Tina Fey gives Mean Girls a zest and zing few high school comedies ever muster.
It is precisely intelligence, and Fey's refusal to talk down to her audience, that elevates Mean Girls above most other teen movies out there.
The movie is smart and perceptive about the messages our culture sends to young women, and about how they, like all of us, tend to respond in predictable ways.
Nails the "survival of the fittest" mentality that permeates high school social life.
Has the truth-exposing agenda of Election and almost as much bite.
The distributors didn't try to rook impatient people by first releasing a "Plain Jane" edition then waiting six months to release this one.
Fey's script is brilliant. Waters' direction is inspired. This film has pace,...This is a funny, enjoyable film.
Tina Fey turns gag-me cliches into something fresh, edgy and laugh-out-loud funny.
This movie should be required viewing for all adolescent girls and their parents.
Certainly no film for the ages, but it does have its moments.
A smart little teen picture that, for a change, actually features recognizable teens.
a fascinatingly adroit dissection of high school culture
Kind of makes you wish you were back at school. Kind of.
I would be more amused if the topic of rich material girls had not been worn to a thread elsewhere.
One of those rare treasures, a well-written teen comedy.
Fey's stinging wit has been reined in to secure a PG-13 rating, it's still cuts above The Ladies Man and the awful A Night at the Roxbury.
Frequently hilarious teen comedy with a witty script and likeable characters -- this is further proof that Lindsay Lohan is fast becoming THE teen star of the noughties.
The girls may be mean, but I've got nothing nasty to say about this praise-worthy flick.
There's nothing here you won't have seen a million times before, but -- despite its shortcomings -- it's still one of the better teen movies to come along in a while.
Proof that Hollywood occasionally gets it right
Far from perfect, but it has brains beneath its glossy, vacuum-packed beauty.
More wholesome than mean, but still very funny (if you can stomach the homespun moral at the end).
I've seen worse and other than a teenager, I really don't know who to recommend this movie for. And even then you may have wished that you waited to rent it.
Lindsay Lohan continues to impress as a former child star walking the tightrope toward adulthood.
A teen movie I enjoyed enormously, much to my surprise.
Does Mean Girls screenwriter Tina Fey want to throw George W. Bush under the wheels of a bus?
Surpreende o espectador, que, ao final da projeção, descobre que realmente se importou com aqueles personagens.
"Mean Girls," in all its episodic parts, has the air of a memoir, and it likely will feel sufficiently familiar to some of those who watch.
Trafficking unknowingly in stale teen girl flick clichés and failing to maintain a narrative flow past the hour mark, Mean Girls is a disappointment.
...a lean, mean entertainment that manages to be both playful and subversive while exhibiting plenty of mainstream appeal.
All readers who ever have been teen-agers: Raise your hands. You're the ones who should see "Mean Girls."
The cinematic equivalent of a funny and sick yearbook collage.
[Fey] has confessed to being a geeky type who delivered caustic scorn... The problem is that this same scorn is directed at the Plastics, which prevents the movie from engaing some larger truths about its deconstruction of the social milieu.
Tina Fey's screenplay maintains an excellent balance between cutting social commentary and plain good old fashioned fun.
Lindsay Lohan is great here.
Saturday Night Live scribe Tina Fey can officially pat herself on the back.
I sense the movie is payback time for Fey: She's just as bitchy as the Plastics are, and at least the Plastics don't push their rivals in front of trucks.
High school social hierarchy gets a bright and funny treatment.
Mean Girls" is a rich and raunchy laugh riot.
There's a precision and an uncanny sense of insider knowledge at work that causes Mean Girls to be very funny and a startlingly perceptive look at life in high school.
Mind you, I'm not quite prepared to elevate the team of Waters-Lohan to the level of Kurosawa-Mifune or Scorsese-De Niro, but they've clearly got a good thing going.
Perhaps the meanness of the girls at Evanstown HS reflects the maliciousness of the U.S. presidential campaign!
Not as consistently funny as 'Heathers' or corrosive as 'Election,' but usually hilarious and occasionally chilling in its observations of 'Girl World.'
Mean Girls dips itself into the acidity of the 1989 cult favorite Heathers just long enough to give this smart teen comedy a delicious bite.
Steers toward familiar teen-movie hyperbole, but it's the way the girls plot their sabotage while doling out empty compliments that keeps things real.
High school girls are "mean" but not in the biting "SNL" way you expect
Lohan does what all great stars have to do, blend animal sex appeal with quantifiable acting skills.
Refreshing, astute.
A surprisingly sweet love letter to teenage gals.
Sports a wicked script with scathing insight and humor rarely seen in teen comedies.
This film was a blast.
An inoffensive chick flick with an intelligent sense of humor.
Mean Girls is the smartest, funniest, most observant comedy about teenagers in a long time.
You might expect this clique comedy to have some bite. It does, in moments -- but not enough to elevate Mean Girls above the pack of teen fare.
Could be a new classic of the teen genre.
Yet, while humorously exaggerated, the movie strives to make a point: That for young girls to expect respect from their male peers, they first have to respect each other.
Mean Girls isn't a particularly deep picture, but it does have some weight and ballast.
Fey's mix of bromide and bile is no mean feat.
Glistening behind a shiny Barbie Doll smile, she's completely unafraid to kiss you on the cheek while planting a knife square in your back.
The most brutally funny teen movie since Heathers.
...a wicked and wily commentary on feminine teenage torture...armed with savage wit and a snappy attitude to match...a smart and sassy gem
A surprisingly witty and edgy teen comedy.
Mean Girls has a sharp, grown-up sensibility that belies its marketing as airhead comedy.
Boasts a one-two-three punch in star Lindsay Lohan, screenwriter Tina Fey and director Mark Waters, and, indeed, it delivers a knockout.
Girls, which gets funnier as it goes, is [Lorne Michaels'] best since 1992's Wayne's World.
Director Mark Waters (whose brother, Daniel, wrote Heathers) strikes a carefully calibrated balance between the film's darkly malicious sense of humor and its pastel sets and costumes.
It all seems, finally, as if Fey is pulling her punches, an unusually defensive posture for her.
Like the beast it sets out to analyze, the film is defeated by its dual identity: drama and comedy.
Waters tries for a tone that mixes dark humor and emotional realism, and he often finds it.
Tart and refreshing, Mean Girls is the kind of high-school movie that really feels as if it's for grown-ups -- but hey, the teens can come, too.
Fey has crafted what would seem to be an impossibility: a bawdy, uproarious, entertaining teen comedy that successfully delivers a worthwhile message.
A smart little comedy that tries, within the limits of the teen-movie form, to say some real things about high school girls and the struggle for popularity.
Parts of it are quite funny. So, go fetch.
This is the best film of its kind since Amy Heckerling's Clueless.
undoubtedly the best teen comedy ever adapted from a sociological study... this anti-fairy tale should serve as a wake-up call to any Sleeping Beauties in the audience.
Fey subverts formula to find comic gold.
Waters keeps the film brisk, entertaining and edgy, successfully sidestepping any temptation to preach.
Mean Girls is a hysterical comedy about high school cliques, and may be the best teen satire since Heathers (1989).
The Tina Fey-written bits make for good absurdist cinema, lifting the film from being too potentially feel-goodish.
The social situations will be tellingly familiar to anyone who's been to high school, girls especially.
Though dramatically inconsistent, the movie clearly grasps the subtle nuances of the pubescent pecking order. Plus, it's funny -- more often than not, anyway.
It's that rare teen comedy that both teens and former teens can enjoy.
Packed with enough trenchant observations of teen life to make you laugh and wince in equal measure.
Takes on issues of self-loathing, body image, competition and female sabotage. Even better, it does it with a smile.
It's an improvement over the dire Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen, but Mean Girls is nowhere near as satisfying as Freaky Friday.
[Fey's] snappy script and the deft direction of Mark Waters, who did Freaky Friday, keep the laughs coming.
Though it revels in petty, malicious humor -- and is far more effective than most Hollywood looks at high school hell -- this comedy about adolescent exclusion possesses a big, accepting heart.
Once you get past a few killer jokes, it's a rather uninspired affair that rarely engages the emotions while recycling most of the clichés we've come to expect from the high school genre.
Generally smart and often very funny. And there is a pearl of wisdom or two in there among the laughs.
There are laughs and lessons in this one for everyone, which is why it goes straight to the head of the class.
With colorful characters and snappy performances, Mean Girls is a rare laugh-out-loud film.
Lohan ... is a good reactive young actress, and London, Ont., native Rachel McAdams is excellently evil.
It's good for some laughs. And that's all it intends to be.
The funniest, most unassumingly subversive teen movie since 2000's Bring It On.
The film comes as a refreshing breath of air from its star, Lindsay Lohan.
Fey may be going for wickedly funny, but alas, she stops at wicked.
In a wasteland of dumb movies about teenagers, Mean Girls is a smart and funny one.
Waters' pacing is off and the revenge never builds a satisfying momentum.
The movie is always entertaining and frequently smart about the new ground one girl will break to humiliate another.
Mean Girls is Heathers sanitized for your middle-schooler's protection.
Benefits immensely from screenwriter Tina Fey's unique insight.
These girls make the animals in Africa look like the belong in a petting zoo - props to Tina Fey for writing a script that's smarter than your usual teenage fare.
Fey balances cartoonish gags with plenty of cleverness ... which makes the trauma and laughs ring true.
Fey's screenplay pulses with authenticity and satirical juice.
A very welcome departure from the vapid, market-tested product that normally acts as Teen Fodder, and it's absolutely one of this year's biggest surprises.
High school's cruel combats make for a funny, smart-stupid comedy from the poison pen of Saturday Night Live genius Tina Fey.
Fitting that one of the themes is finding your individuality because this is the film where Lohan will begin to separate herself from the Hilary Duffs & Mandy Moores.
There are some big laughs, but it lacks that final burst of inspiration to send it over the fences.
It's what would happen if you took a John Hughes film, removed the sap, heightened the laughs, and pitched everything just a wee bit darker.
This is definitely a cut above the rest of the growing teen-girl subgenre.
Originality is never the point of an entertainment like this; the point is that director Mark Waters, who capably guided Lohan through last year's Freaky Friday, has specific marks to hit in Mean Girls, and he hits them with confidence.
If it didn't cop out with a sappy ending, people might be talking about it as if it were Heathers or Election.
Sadly, much like an SNL sketch, Mean Girls starts off sharp and juicy, then runs out of gas halfway through.
This tart and often charming new comedy is a version of the heart-of-darkness teen social comedy Heathers for the tweener audience.
Mean Girls is a spiffy morality play set in a Midwestern high school about the sharp edges of gossip and the cruelty of cliques.
SNL alumnus Tina Fey adapts author Rosalind Wiseman's popular guide...and hits one out of the park
Ruthlessly on target.
This deliciously twisted teen comedy crosses the cliques and makeovers of Clueless with the politics of Heathers.
Lohan, who intrepidly filled Hayley Mills' sneakers in the remake of The Parent Trap and butted heads with Jamie Lee Curtis in Freaky Friday, has grown into an accomplished and beautiful actress.
Mean Girls is the kind of film that teens actually should see, one which treats them with respect while being wickedly entertaining.
Often clever and insightful.
Displaying a rare mix of humor and heart, Mean Girls deserves mention along with such coming-of-age favorites as Girls Just Want to Have Fun and Sixteen Candles.
Even at its squarest, the movie's mixture of parody and therapy feels kind of... hip.
A trenchantly observed, bitingly witty comedy about just how mean girls can be.
Mean Girls does the 'wicked teen girl movie' subgenre justice.
Not every barb hits the bull's-eye, but there's a higher ratio of gags to laughs than I've found in almost any comedy this year.
While I'm not sure Fey's script ever totally transcends the Clueless-like genre into which it dips, it gives great belly laughs on the sly.
While Mean Girls never loses its sarcastic edge, it does...beat into the ground (its) central themes of open communication and self-esteem.
A very original, funny and highly accurate dissection of the teen girl world.
There is much that is fresh and sharp in this movie. But it has an uncertain hold on its plot and ends up pulling some of its punches.
Fey's script balances acid humor and a sweet understanding that the viciousness of high school is good preparation for life.
What it lacks in freshness ... Mean Girls makes up for with its shrewd insights into the female adolescent psyche and all its accompanying neuroses.
Beyond the philosophizing, Mean Girls is a standard collection of low comic jokes ... and a vindication / revenge fantasy directed at moviegoers who are still sad the popular kids didn't like them back in the day.
This is a witty little movie, but a kind coda can't erase its withering bite.
Proves to be less than the sum of its parts, but when it rocks, it rocks you silly.
It's hard to find something nice to say about Mean Girls.
...dissects contemporary adolescence with a withering precision.
It's as if Waters assembled a bunch of performers ... who were born to be thorns in the flesh of the status quo, and instructed them to remain calm at all times and pursue the happy, morally uplifting ending.
Though not a perfect comedy, it manages to be quite often laugh-out-loud funny.
Looking out over her new environment, Cady wonders whether she will ever fit in. Looking with her, you can only hope she doesn't.
A slightly above-average teen comedy.
Genuinely spiky and amusing...much sharper and funnier than most movies of its ilk.
Mean Girls is hilarious, brilliant and amazing. See it this weekend. Twice.
falls into the category of teen fare that's better than you'd expect
You gotta love a film that poses the vital question: 'Is butter a carb?'
A harbinger of hope not only for future feminist comedies of any grit but also for SNL-staffed feature films that don't disproportionately suck.
Tina Fey's script never quite manages to rise above teen-comedy cliches, but Fey injects the familiar story with wit and some surprising insight.
a smart film masquerading as just another brainless teen flick. Don't be fooled.
image has trumped intelligence, friendships and even health as a teenager's top priority
A teen comedy for anybody who loves comedy.
Mean Girls is the dork giving up its uniqueness and disguising its intelligence in the quest to be utterly, tragically ordinary--and that's like so ironic or something.
As she did in Freaky Friday, Lohan displays plenty of charm, verve and deft comic timing as she switches between innocence and craftiness.
Director Waters and screenwriter Tina Fey ... aim less for the usual high-gloss caricature than acutely hilarious sociology.
In the end, Mean Girls isn't mean enough.
It has a little bit of National Lampoon sensibility, kinda funny; I can't quite recommend it.
One of the movie's achievements is persuading the audience to stay firmly in Cady's camp during her odyssey of self-discovery.
Lohan dazzles us once more. ... The smartly written script is a perfect match for her intelligent brand of comedy.
An incisive and brutally hilarious orientation to American high school culture
Lohan has star power in spades, and enough going on behind the eyes to at least suggest the inner life and back story absent from the script.
Mean Girls is slim pickings compared to Heathers and Donnie Darko, but it makes mincemeat out of 13 Going on 30.



@highlight

Funnier and more smartly written than the average teen comedy.