The biggest hurdle for movies that reach the levels of success that The Avengers did is repeating something close to it in a sequel. Age of Ultron may have missed the mark, but it wasn't by much.
["Age of Ultron"] had some pretty big, overshadowing boots to fill, but ultimately, the movie certainly has the right stuff - flaws and all - to win the day.
(Whedon is) less a thinker than a teaser, throwing out an inexhaustible amount of ticklish ideas and tasty images that thrill from moment to moment then disappear from memory.
There so many plots in this movie and so many scene that are JUST there to set up future movies...It moves too fast.
...it works on its own terms, proving Whedon's skill at managing an epic story full of different heroes and villains. [Full review in Spanish]
Hawkeye makes a self-aware remark that none of this makes any sense, and you know what, he's right. There's also nothing to be ashamed of; at the end of the day it's grand fun
Entertaining, funny and full of action. Another cinematic team-up hit. [Full review in Spanish]
Hardcore fans will find enough to enjoy here, but I found the pace at times slow, the visual effects somewhat disappointing (particularly compared to The Winter Soldier) and the story less than engrossing.
The chemistry between the Avengers grounds it. At heart, it's a story about friends and friendship. A completely bananas story about friends and friendship, featuring a murderous robot.
Age Of Ultron will make fans jump for joy, especially when it comes to tying up the loose ends of Thanos and the Infinity Gauntlet that the earlier Marvel movies had teased about.
With delectable James Spader voicing Ultron, a robotic artificial intelligence programme, and an opening sequence with The Avengers battling a terrorist group in a frozen wood, Whedon has more than delivered on his promise.
At 141 minutes, the sequel is almost even in length with the original, so why does it feel so much longer?
This blockbuster sequel has a plot more convoluted than the Biblical begats. Knowing that the New Yorker critic Anthony Lane was stumped as well makes me feel slightly better. But it didn't make the movie-going experience any more enjoyable.
That Joss Whedon is able to address the changing beliefs and needs of each of the characters in Age of Ultron is impressive to say the least. That he does so in a way that feels believable is, well, pretty marvelous.
Whedon affectionately says goodbye while cementing the future of a franchise that, though it seems impossible, will represent future far-reaching narrative complexities. [Full review in Spanish]
There is little in this film that is new, but that doesn't matter. The characters are still entertaining, the action scenes thrilling and near orgasmic, and the human relationships touching.
It really, really feels like the 11th exhausting film in the unstoppable ring cycle of movies based on the Avengers comic-book heroes -- a vast and increasingly dull series of blockbusters planned out, terrifyingly, as far ahead as 2019.
Convoluted, messy, and over-stuffed, The Avengers: Age of Ultron also somehow manages to be an incredibly enjoyable ride. Each of the actors bring their A-game, and each of their characters has their own moment to shine.
While we do get plenty of funny or touching interactions between the main characters, the film feels poorly structured and overly reliant on gigantic action sequences.
It's too bad Avengers: Age of Ultron lacks dramatic tension and has a more or less nonsensical plotline, because its component parts are frequently entertaining.
It's as entertaining as holiday fireworks: initially exciting, which fades; then just loud, and finally the sense of time wasted because everything you just watched was pretty, but utterly meaningless.
Whedon has already announced that he won't be on board for the next installment, and you can hardly blame him. These films don't require a director. All they need are bean counters.
Several thrilling action sequences, a great many good jokes, and an unshakable sense that everybody is just going through the paces.
This Avengers is darker, louder, stranger and soapier than the first one.
As a deliberate extension of multiple brands all at once, as the latest lily pad to Marvel's next big thing, it's a solid success, if not much in the way of an evolution.
Exciting but a slightly inferior sequel.
It's exactly what it intends to be: popcorn entertainment.
It's to his great credit that the film feels like a Joss Whedon film. In other words, it has a character of its own, and after 11 films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, that's something to enjoy and appreciate.
Age of Ultron is almost exactly the movie you expect.
Avengers: Age of Ultron may drag and creak during its 2 1/2 hours. But it's still often thrilling, briefly moving cinema.
It's not just bad, it's disappointing. [Full review in Spanish]
I can't think of a movie with a higher action to non-action ratio. Or maybe I just don't want to.
Loud, fluffy, and rather unsatisfying.
Technically, the film is excellent, with seamless CGI, and top-notch performances throughout, though moments are dark (literally, squinting-to-see dark).
Keeping a monster of a blockbuster on the rails, Whedon delivers an epic slice of superhero cinema.
If you don't already love costumed adventurers, this outing won't give you any fresh incentive, but fans will learn more about their heroes.
Whedon's strategy is to keep the action constant, the banter clever, and to switch between characters before we have time to think about anything too deeply. When it comes to engineering plot, he's a genius who could give Stark a run for his money.
In short, this is a hugely entertaining, superbly made blockbuster that delivers everything you could want in terms of action, humour, character and emotion and won't disappoint fans of the first film. Highly recommended.
Age of Ultron's first act is basically one long doozy of a set piece, which manages to give us time alone with every principle character and give them some connective tissue in battle together, too.
Everything a popcorn movie should be, with a little Renaissance grandeur on the side.
Director Joss Whedon takes a big stick to the over-stuffed piñata of Marvel Comics' characters and successfully empties out all the candy, but leaves a landscape strewn with plastic wrappers and the promise of a pounding headache
A remarkable and often fantastic follow up...
Is Avengers: Age Of Ultron the point where the Marvel Cinematic Universe goes too far? Hel no! But ... it's hard not to feel it somewhat missed the mark.
Whedon delivers enough fun, action, and engaging team banter that fans will exit pleased but perhaps not giddy with joy.
pointless
Whedon returns to assemble his team once more in Avengers: Age Of Ultron, and the results are at the same time familiar, different and as thrilling as ever before.
It scarcely needs to be said that there's a certain lack of freshness here, and some plot developments from the original graphic novels that we really didn't need - although, of course, there's also some seriously cool Avenger-ing too.
Writer/director Joss Whedon balances comedy and derring-do with dexterity, and this sequel to 2012's top grosser doesn't stall the franchise.
Incredibly expensive action scenes full of destruction go on for way too long with little context behind them, leading to overkill and boredom.
This time, it has become darker for the fanboys and a little more interesting for the rest of us.
This is a film that unfolds with every re-watch and reveals more subtle little grace notes.
This sequel also represents Whedon's last go-around with the Marvel heroes, and while it succeeds in many ways, it's enough of a comedown to suggest that he's getting off the carousel at the right time.
Like the first film, what makes the sequel work is how director Joss Whedon builds the action on this character foundation and injects it with just enough humor to make its personality radiate.
It's possible to approve of how such a billion-dollar apparatus can be this fast and breezy.
That isn't to say I didn't enjoy myself. I just didn't feel Marvel trying to do anything different this time around.
There's something to be had here, with such fine actors and seamless interlacing into a mega fantasy world, but overall the embarrassment of riches doesn't quite pay dividends.
Avengers: Age of Ultron firmly confirms its place as the nadir of the Marvel cinematic universe - which is no small feat, certainly, given that the studio's output has been almost uniformly terrible.
Avengers: Age of Ultron is a pure popcorn-powered blast to begin the blockbuster season but nothing deeper this time.
Director Joss Whedon's strengths - and better writing - really come through in the quieter moments. Relish those while you can.
Stan Lee says, "Excelsior." If that doesn't get you bouncing off the walls, you've clearly come to the wrong franchise.
Like Greek gods before them, superheroes are our modern myths, so why shouldn't they examine issues of the classic texts in our time? The end credit sequence actually gives this idea a visual corollary, as it shows a giant Hellenistic statue.
It's not so much what they do, it's what the Avengers say that makes "Avengers: The Age of Ultron" worth seeing on the big screen.
The movie is stiff and enervated. It's all punch-punch, banter-banter, like a sitcom in which cities get leveled.
The previous film is arguably the best superhero film ever so there was nowhere for a sequel to go but down...Surely audiences know this, yet expectations were other-worldy.
Whedon is pretty much locked into an overarching storyline and a bland house style here, so instead of bucking the system, he dutifully serves up more of the same bubble-brained gibberish and wanton destruction.
... The fact that "Age of Ultron" succeeds at all, even if not to the extent of "The Avengers," is a major achievement.
The latest "Avengers" movie plays its music loud from start to finish. Mindless action rules, punctuated only by super hero/villain quips.
Isn't Tony Stark/Iron Man, stumping for 'a suit of armor around the world,' basically a combination Klaatu/Gort, endorsing the plan for an Earth-patrolling fascist robot army proposed by the alien visitor in 'The Day the Earth Stood Still'?
It has color, great delivery, amusing interludes, a cohesive story, and a payoff that doesn't betray the sensibilities of its direction.
Whedon's dense script runs the risk of feeling bloated, but his deft handling of characters and pacing ensure that everybody is where they need to be, and the audience is always right there with them.
Saving the world can be a deadly serious and even grimly dour business. Thank goodness then for writer-director Joss Whedon.
For the semi-initiated viewer, it's like experiencing a hurricane of story beats and Spandex.
an improvement over the first Avengers; everything feels smoother, the pacing is a bit better, and the overall plot is more intriguing
On par with its predecessor, Joss Whedon proves that he's more then capable of handling this franchise's biggest film, even if he's far from perfect at it.
That sound you hear is the bubble getting near to bursting.
The Avengers, we're told, are greater than the sum of their parts. Avengers: Age of Ultron is not. But it still boasts some pretty incredible parts. And one heck of a party.
Age of Ultron is a minute shorter than its predecessor, but it's a bigger movie in nearly every other regard.
It's difficult to sit through Age Of Ultron without feeling like a child. It's fun, touching, exciting, funny, enthralling, moving and spectacular, and it makes the fact that it could be Whedon's last MCU adventure even more upsetting.
... a comic book movie frequently begging to actually be a comic book, with panels allowing readers to pause and pour over fantastic detail that Whedon whizzes by... battle-rattling our senses from start to anticlimactic finish.
Feels like a bunch of those scenes Marvel usually reserves for the credits. It's more concerned about future films than the one it is actually in.
Joss Whedon set a higher bar with the first "Avengers" (2012) and tried, in many ways, to top it here. He got close...
Avengers: Age of Ultron is the sequel of a profitable Marvel franchise, but it's far less interesting and powerful than the first instalment.
It's too big. It's too frenzied. It's too full of characters it can't contain. Mostly, it's just too much everything.
A thoroughly competent movie, sure; but its competence is so routine and mechanical as to leave the thing overwhelmingly dull.
It misses the bar of classic movie greatness but Avengers: Age of Ultron is one of the most exciting and entertaining Marvel entries.
Fans of the franchise will be pleased, but those looking in from the outside of comic-book culture may find themselves also looking at their watches.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is a sometimes daffy, occasionally baffling, surprisingly touching and even romantic adventure with one kinetic thrill after another. It earns a place of high ranking in the Marvel Universe.
Whedon's sincere love of this stuff is in most every shot, and that affection is infectious.
We've seen this stuff before but Whedon does bring a creative touch.
Like most sequels, this one isn't as good as the original. There's plenty of action and loud noises, but many of the characters seemed weaker and not as well-defined or as vividly portrayed as they were in the first film.
... tops the original ... yet, somehow it felt like less ... it may be time to take a cue from Captain America II to keep the stock plot outline from showing through ...
More does not necessarily equal better; here, more is just ... meh.
...mostly registers as yet another Marvel punchplosion.
A true ensemble piece of entertainment.
('Age of Ultron') is, to paraphrase an old saying, 10 pounds of movie in a five-pound bag.
Fully embrace this Avengers sequel in all its Marvel-ousness! Despite some minor flaws, Age of Ultron packs an expected and welcomed thrill-ride punch.
We have seen the future of the CG-saturated action epic and ‒ upon emerging bruised and battered from the local megaplex ‒ can say with certitude that it isn't pretty.
The marvel that was 2012's The Avengers receives a letdown of a sequel ... Make no mistake: This new picture is worth seeing, but the sense of magic is largely missing from a follow-up that subscribes to the Bigger Is Better theory.
Mr. Whedon seems to rely heavily on forced jocularity in lieu of substantial character development.
Avengers: Age of Ultron is the most substantial and significant Marvel film to date that is equally entertaining and electrifying.
Better than the average sequel, yet less sharp, fresh and energetic than I'd hoped, there's still plenty to enjoy about Avengers: Age of Ultron that makes it well worth the tons of dosh it's sure to pull in.
Like peering into the Dead Marshes for 142 minutes in IMAX 3D. All PG-13 robot carnage and no heart.
Joss Whedon seems the best-equipped to manage the sprawling franchise that demands a bigger cast and badder villain each time out.
On the surface, all the elements are there for a summer blockbuster, but... comparing this film to The Avengers, there is no competition.
The sharp, interpersonal dramedy that made the first movie such a delight is again present in flashes, but not infrequently it is drowned out by the noisy, inevitable need to Save the World.
The cast, OMG. There are more people crowded in here - either in major roles or in brilliant cameos (Andy Serkis, I'm looking at you) - than are at Walgreens' on prom night.
At 141 minutes, it's a miracle the movie is never merely mechanical, but like JARVIS or Ultron, it's not fully human, either.
Formula flick. Period. High tech, high voltage action followed by long stretches of boring dialogue before more high tech, high voltage action. It's too long by 20-minutes.
Sufficiently fun to be worth a look for superhero fans, although it's kept from greatness by the very nature of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Hitting society's central nervous system through the real fear of AI gone horribly rogue, this complete sequel package weaves together a rich story, rousing special effects and the sacrificial duality of being a superhero versus the layman.
For the most part, "Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the hard-charging, mind-boggling spectacle fans are looking for. Smash indeed.
Where the film falters is the action sequences, which are exciting and boost the adrenaline, but they have a repetitious, been-there-seen-that vibe.
A sequel as epic as it is overly ambitious and as sprawling as it is restless.
At risk of sounding too hyperbolic too soon, Avengers: Age of Ultron might be the best movie Marvel has ever made.
The cast is top-notch, and Whedon packs the script and the screen with cleverness as well as ka-pow. But even at 141 minutes, things still feel jammed and crammed.
For all its faults (and yes, there are plenty of them), this Avengers sequel is still a lot of fun.
The mayhem is clever but, functionally, Whedon is serving Disney's branding schemes first and his story and characters second.
World-saving is no longer a surprise to these characters. It's work. Grunt work. For them. For us.
Age of Ultron is part of a franchise that's going to make a billion dollars by Monday. But it still feels like one of Whedon's little sandboxes, blown up to a massive scale without losing any of its intricate resolution.
Overall, though, for all of its cheesy fun mixed with doom-and-gloom observations on the plight of humanity, this Avengers leaves us with the nagging feeling that we've been here too many times before.
The impressive thing about Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron is how writer/director Joss Whedon takes a narrative that is absolutely packed with superheroes and their backstories and all the action in between, and never lets it all feel like it's too much.
Bigger, bolder, and better than ever, the Avengers delivers smart, character-driven action-adventure sure to please audiences and break box office records.
Enjoyable at times, but there's just too much going on. Too many characters. Too many motivations. Too many weird allusions to things from previous movies that I barely remembered
Superheroes reteam for entertaining, action-packed sequel.
Avengers strike again -- but not as deftly
The law of diminishing returns strikes big-time in Avengers: Age of Ultron, an overstuffed mess of one-note characters, gaudy CGI, and bad one-liners.
Earth's Mightiest Heroes are back for a thrilling, fun and, dare I say it, darker film.
[Whedon is] a super-juggler. But on "Age of Ultron," he seems to have lost control of some of the balls. The new movie succeeds, but falls short of his incredible achievement on 2012's "The Avengers."
The biggest battle is the one between writer-director Joss Whedon and the massed forces of Marvel Studios.
You can't escape the feeling that Whedon and the gang are having a good time making the film, and want to share that glee with the audience. It's a franchise that has hit its rhythm.
The story is wider to the point of becoming unwieldy. But there is fun to be had here, as the heroes kid around with one another against the backdrop of mass destruction and mayhem.
If there is a more perfect movie out there, I don't know what it is.
It's like we're watching consecutive episodes of a very large, very expensive TV show. You might love the show, but it's not exactly an "event" every time it's on, you know?
Delivers as the epic summer blockbuster film of 2015 again and again. Avengers fans won't walk out the theater disappointed.
A sense of the mechanical plagues this film.
If at least nine lead characters get their due in dramatic arcs, quippy zingers, and superhero showmanship, it is inevitable that it will be cluttered.
Keep it comin', Joss.
The plot is simple and the movie doesn't live up to expectations. [full review in Spanish]
Tons of fun, easy to digest and just really enjoyable. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
It gives Marvel fans exactly what they want and more. [full review in Spanish]
Yes, comic-book movies are crowding out everything else, are the eventual heat death of cinema, and so forth. But, man, there's just so much neat stuff here. Boom. Kapow.
Juggling movie stars, plot points and a massive amount of visual effects, Whedon manages to put together a sequel that is fast and funny. But befitting the robot of the title, this feels more like a machine than a movie.
It is a good sequel that ends with the promise of a better and more entertaining MCU. [full review in Spanish]
It's definitely an efficient blockbuster. You will enjoy yourself at the movie theater... However, it's the weakest entry of the last 3 Marvel movies. [full review in Spanish]
Overall, Avengers: Age of Ultron has everything fans have been waiting for. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
The Avengers return in an epic adventure with a little romance and tragedy to keep the spectacle grounded.
Age of Ultron is not disappointing but it is definitely not better than the first one. [full review in Spanish]
I began to forget the breathless, teetering, tottering, careening, catapulting Avengers: The Age Of Ultron about 20 minutes into its 141 minutes... Zoom, quip, wham, smirk, quip, blam! Quip! Oh so much too-muchness on an inhumane scale.
It is, in short, more disposable than the mere mortal blockbusters it was designed to outpace. This should defy Marvel Studios mathematics. How can a movie with more stuff than its predecessors be less fun?
The thing's a behemoth. And as the franchise thunders on, it's also becoming more and more a bore.
[The sequel] has drained most of the joy, fun, and life out of these characters.
As much as you admire the polished, expertly choreographed entertainment...you feel as if they're putting on a gymnastics display or an extremely high-tech tap-dance routine.
When this finally ended I had an appreciation for how it feels to be unjustly convicted of a crime...and be released after 10 years when it was discovered you were not guilty. Sure, it feels good to be free, but who's going to give you back your time?
Not everything about Age of Ultron works... But long stretches of it are as good as anything Marvel Studios has produced, suggesting a bolder, more ambitious vision for the studio going forward.
Though advertised as a darker and more brooding follow-up, the real surprise of Ultron is how much in line with the first film's tone and structural beats this is.
It exemplifies what Marvel has always done, which is make the superhuman more human.
A Marvel blockbuster with more human touches than usual for this kind of fare.
The amazing thing about Avengers: Age of Ultron is that it's reasonably enjoyable while feeling less like a movie than an epic sowing of seeds for multiple Marvel properties.
It's to Whedon's credit that, among all the fighting and property damage, he makes just enough time to focus on the personal lives of some of his characters, but not so much that the movie gets bogged down by it.
There's still a thrill in seeing all of these comic book characters together in a movie. Even when it's just Ulysses Klaw.
Age of Ultron disappoints not because it's irredeemably bad but because it fails to achieve the level of its predecessor in nearly every facet.
Whedon & Co. provide more than enough glib jokes, FX spectacles and sweet human insights to make Age of Ultron a popcorn must for the rest of us in need of a little comic-book wisdom right about now.
Whedon is still Whedon, and the grace notes -- the snappy patter, the team dynamics, the "man, that was cool" moments -- go a long way.
Writer-director Joss Whedon attempts to inject just enough human drama into these noisy proceedings to keep it from turning into a Transformers-style crashathon.
The basic gist is easy enough to follow, even if most of the battle scenes, shot in a barrage of quick cuts and extreme close-ups, feel like watching a rugby match from inside the ball.
That Ultron's vocal delivery packs in more fun and personality than the other characters tells us that "Ultron" misfires on more than one metaphorical gas-injected cylinder.
The film is a work of craft, from the actors like Mr. Downey, who can deliver a comic line with the timing of a mouse trap, to the editors, Jeffrey Ford and Lisa Lassek, upon whom so much of the movie's very elegant fluidity rests ...
At this point the Marvel superhero movies are as machine-tooled as a Prius, and this one sticks closely to the blueprint that's made them box office titans.
You can sense that Mr. Whedon, having helped build a universal earnings machine with the first "Avengers," has now struggled mightily, touchingly, to invest this behemoth with some life.
With Marvel's universe expanding and intertwining at an ever increasing rate, "Age of Ultron" feels less like a sequel than a cosmic event.
Regardless, this time with Avengers: Age of Ultron, our socks were only tugged on, halfway flopping off our collective toes, but never blown quite off.
More of the same, just not as good--lots of sound and fury (along with some Fury) signifying very little.
Whedon is as interested in how the team works under stress as he is in the way pavement cracks under the collective weight of the Hulk and Stark's Hulkbuster armor.
By making the Avengers snarky rivals as well as brothers and sisters in arms, franchise Big Brain Joss Whedon injects exactly what such a noisy spectacle needs: a dollop of charm.
As before, the greatest fun is in watching the original Avengers, all fine actors who've made the characters their own.
"Age of Ultron" has self-aware laughs, grandiose themes and the best effects that money can buy. But at this point, it will take true vision to plot the umpteen sequels without getting trapped in a time loop.
Whedon's wit and invention are considerable...[but] the movies keep getting bigger, with diminishing returns. I find myself hoping against hope that Ant-Man will be really, really small.
As he did in the first "Avengers," writer-director Joss Whedon avoids the fatal trap of comic-book self-seriousness, leavening a baggy, busy, overpopulated story with zippy one-liners, quippy asides and an overarching tone of jaunty good fun.
Spader is so charismatic, so purely, quietly and wittily nasty, that he provides a welcome contrast to the rote wisecracking of our heroes, who are so busy trying to one-up each others' punchlines that they are beginning to come off like "Avengers' 11."
Joss Whedon again works out a way to make world-destroying forces colloquial, keeping the humanity in superhumans. Because of that humanism-it's a pessimistic film, certain that the sun is setting on the human race-Ultron works as mammoth entertainment.
A whole bunch of blather leads up to the same old climax with imperiled innocents and massive destruction.
Age of Ultron is a feast of visual delights, but plot wears thin. If Anthony Russo and Joe Russo (Captain America: The Winter Soldier), who are now taking over the Avengers series, want to keep the audience fully invested, some re-Assembly is required.
More bloated, but bolder than its predecessor, Avengers: Age of Ultron is every bit the 11th entry in Marvel's winning, world-dominating formula.
It's one you're going to want to see because when it shines, it shines bright, but Avengers: Age of Ultron is just a little worrying that the universe is already buckling under its own weight.
Okay as a diversion but nowhere close to matching any number of other singular superhero movies. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
...the film starts out attempting to question the Avengers' place in the world and whether they really make a difference, only to forget to probe for an answer not long after the asking.
There seems to be a lot of pressure for Avengers: Age of Ultron to more than just a movie, which really hampers its ability to be a movie.
There is a significant lack of that human touch in Age of Ultron's very fabric, where the winning personalities of its core superheroes feel diminished, defeated and consumed by whatever algorithm keeps these movies going.
Joss Whedon has said that he's walking away from the Marvel universe after this, and after seeing Ultron, it makes sense; from the looks of things, this movie killed him.
Director Joss Whedon follows up his billion-dollar superhero smash the way most sequel makers try to up their game: by amping up everything everybody liked the first time around, plus more! More! More!
...a comic book movie, to be sure, but it's got enough spectacle, wit, and talent on display to make it a most entertaining kickoff to the season.
Black Widow chooses the Hulk over Thor? Females everywhere say "Huh?" The Avengers show absolutely no interest in each other. AGE OF ULTRON is soulless.
Talk about feeding the beast. Josh Whedon's never dull chapter in the franchise is practically bursting at its seams, relentlessly serving up just what the fans of this brand are expecting.
Age of Ultron can be a little unwieldy, but when it works, it works really well.
An entertaining package of characters and ideas that manages to be a whole lot more than the first film while also being a little bit less.
The action scenes are spectacular. But the slightly jumbled story and mob of new characters pulls focus from what makes the film work the best -- the original group of costumed characters.
It is the product of a machine perfectly evolved for the sole purpose of annihilating boredom.
Like the worst superhero movies, Avengers: Age of Ultron often feels like not-very-bright kids playing with action toys, holding them up by the ankles and making them fight or kiss or feud at whim and at length.
A middling film, yet it's so heavy with Joss Whedon's sweat that it never feels like a lazy cash-in --- which for a preordained summer megahit is an accomplishment.
Sometimes the super-heroism is just brightly colored junk food. And sometimes, it's a way of giving us a glimpse of how we flawed, messed-up, occasionally monstrous humans can sometimes prove ourselves worthy.
It feels as if this comic book franchise has become a never-ending cinema story. If future films are as well realized as Ultron, that's fine by me.
It would be silly to pretend that Avengers: Age of Ultron isn't good at what it does, that it's not proficient at delivering superhero thrills for those who crave them most.
Avengers: Age of Ultron may be very similar to the original film, but that's ok, for it still results in an equally thrilling ride.
The climactic act of "Age of Ultron" is full of colossal ka-booms and special effects, but it also has heft and reason and a bass-note of emotion.
It's a little overstuffed and a little overlong. One thing it's not, even a little, is disappointing.
Whedon has pulled off an impressive feat here, sustaining the intensity of a ripping adventure yarn while digging into a few of the characters a little more deeply, finding fresh ground to cover in a more satisfying epic.
Darker than its predecessor [and] far less witty ... Whereas Stark seemed to dominate the first film, here the emphasis is ... Hawkeye and Black Widow ... a negative in the case of Hawkeye and a huge positive in the case of Black Widow.
Age of Ultron is all rush and sensation with little substance. But what a feeling.
Like the first one, Avengers: Age of Ultron was written and directed by Joss Whedon, among whose many virtues is an indelible, infallible touch with character, which is important because in Ultron he has to introduce them at a furious rate.
Ultron is too full, of action and CGI, while also being nearly empty of genuine thrills. A talented cast impresses throughout, but the action ultimately overwhelms it.
Whedon is mostly up to the task of keeping all his balls in the air, though he's not above using some glib speechmaking and ridiculous action to divert your attention and keep your questions at bay.
This is Joss Whedon's riff on the trope of a darker sequel. Joss Whedon never met a cliche he couldn't deconstruct so this is a wonderful approach to a shared universe superhero team up.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is supercharged and lifeless, frenetic and stone-cold dead, a barrage of action scenes that look fake, yet make you wonder if fake is the new real.
The movie's brain quickly catches up with its big body, and writer-director Joss Whedon tops his 2012 outing with a more emotional sequel.
Avengers: Age of Ultron has its problems, but on a visceral, pure enjoyment level audiences are going to walk away more than pleased.
An inferior sequel that brings little joy to its grandiosity, "Avengers: Age of Ultron" carries the vague aroma of uninspired, box-checking functionality.
Joss Whedon brings along his "A" game for this installment, and it doesn't disappoint.
The only thing that adequately distinguishes these films is the all-important banter that occurs during down time.
An enjoyable, full-sensory superhero romp, it delivers no less than what one would expect from an Avengers film. At the same time, it delivers no more than that,either.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" brings the best of all the Marvel worlds for the first explosive superhero thrill-ride of the year.
Enough fight scenes and action sequences for three Marvel movies, but they are rather nondescript.
Spectacularly overstuffed - it's more spectacle than substance.
Joss Whedon and his heroes and villains epic offers more this time around -- more characters, more plot points, more action -- and a few reasons for concern.
Still light and funny, but the novelty's worn off, and the bloat and repetition are starting to show
There is much to like about "The Avengers: Age of Ultron." There was much to love about "The Avengers," and therein lies the difference.
Writing and directing "Avengers: Age of Ultron," Joss Whedon proves he has a superpower of his own: mediocrity.
Lovable characters, just the right amount of humor and spectacular action make "Ultron" a worthy bridge to whatever happens next in The Avengers' universe.
Age of Ultron is a Western about military service: it's a call to arms to protect American values like the family and the home from East European types and electronic threats to security systems.
[I] loved most of the exchanges between the characters. Appreciated the Avengers' attempts to avoid destruction in population centers. The action scenes were very exciting and clever, but I had trouble keeping up with the visuals.
Joss Whedon sets up the future of the Avengers for the Russo Brothers, but this is no longer exciting. It's exhausting.
Sure, this is the A Team of comic book superstars, but overextended sequences don't make them any more impressive.
Age of Ultron, then, shows what happens when an unstoppable force (Joss Whedon's imagination) meets an immovable object (the Disney/Marvel behemoth).
Joss Whedon shows his considerable gifts for multicharacter air traffic control in a massive 3-D spectacle while demonstrating reserves of insouciance.
It may not be the perfect sequel but it is an epic one.
Whedon gets the elastic physical reality of comic books, and he knows how to frame a shot as though it were a splash panel come to life... But by the fifth digital showdown, the endless CGI spectacle begins to feel a little numbing.
Ultron is slyly funny. And it manages to balance this sort of comedy (I hooted when the Hulk listens to Maria Callas on headphones) with the tendency towards the sort of whacko-labyrinthine operatic complexity inherent in comic books.
No one can quibble with the efforts of the actors. Marvel cast well, and continues to expand their parts or add fascinating new players.
Everything [Whedon] did so well on the first meeting of these Marvel comic book creations he achieves once again, which makes for a movie both enjoyable and somewhat repetitive.
"Age of Ultron" proves that a movie with stealth fighter jets, levitating cities and Hulk-on-robot fisticuffs can be as freewheeling as a no-budget indie.
Entertaining as much of "Avengers 2" is, especially when it's just hanging out with the gang in between scuffles (the "Guardians of the Galaxy" lesson, learned), Whedon's picture meets expectations without exceeding them.
Thin on story, crowded with characters and padded with extraneous action. In other words, a sure hit!
Ultron maintains Marvel's record for solid, entertaining blockbusters but falls down a bit in the "making sense" department.
Most of these characters are great fun, and there are still stories to tell. So why not do it, instead of telling and retelling the same tale, only bigger?
A lot of movie, where not a lot is special.
The film struggles against the rigid formula that typifies the Marvel universe, but only does so up to a point.
Its problems may not have been so evident if it wasn't trying so hard to surpass the far better movies that preceded it.
This movie is fine, honestly. I rather liked it.
Pure, uncut comic-book fantasy...Whedon tames the beast into something spectacularly epic, if a bit exhausting: bursting with destructive mayhem but grounded by interesting character beats, rife with dark implications but seasoned with good humor.
At times it feels like it's a few handfuls of terrific actors away from being a 'Transformers' entry.
While it does feel rushed, and the overabundance of characters threatens to impede the focus, I was constantly engaged with the strong dialogue, humor and breathtaking action.
It aims to please. And, for the most part, this superhero extravaganza hits the bull's-eye with all the precision of Jeremy Renner's arrow-slinging Hawkeye.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is a kinetic, wicked mix of muscle and magic. Look no further if you want a world of superpowered freaks and geeks.
First, you try to understand what the hell is going on. Then you slowly realize that you will never understand what is going on. And, last, you wind up with the distinct impression that, if there was anything to understand, it wasn't worth the sweat.
Having bent the world to his will, Whedon, a modest and self-deprecating talent, has helped Marvel unleash a form of spectacle-laden blockbuster that, unfortunately, seems intent on obliterating what he does best.
Whedon may still be a maverick but the Marvel behemoth proves an ever more levelling corporate force.
141 minutes of noise and incident.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" lives up to the hype...it gets darker than the first, and still manages to be just as funny and action-packed.
The chemistry amongst our heroes is once again terrific to watch, and the action sequences deliver both thrills and laughs.
It suffers from a bit of Transformersitis in laying on the action and effects too thick this time. The thrill may be gone in seeing these comic book icons together but the banter between them still works and it does have its moments of sheer fun.
There are only so many superhero smackdowns a body can take before it all becomes biff bam bore... the film is most entertaining when it finds the Avengers kicking back rather than kicking off, hanging around off duty and indulging in locker-room banter .
It was like Whedon thought about the 1st film and felt it wasn't deep enough, not realizing that its success was its comic book shallowness. It was just fun for audiences.
When it reaches its extended climax, however, Age of Ultron perfectly delivers huge action scenes with the requisite smaller heroic beats.
Whedon takes a few wrong turns, creating a jumble when the action gets too thick. But he recovers like a pro, devising a spectacle that's epic in every sense of the word.
When movies such as this come along which feel more like financial investments than stories, that's what you get: production line filmmaking in which human beings are incidental and even unnecessary in the face of computer-generated scale and spectacle.
No one needs to be told if he, or even she, likes superhero movies. If you like them at all, you'll adore Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Avengers: Age Of Ultron is smart, nimble and recognises that the one way to make yet more scenes of mass destruction involving is to give the story behind them a little heart.
Proves an action movie can have it all: smart without being convoluted, flashy without being shallow, fun without being hollow, and exciting without being dumb.
Despite a densely packed script chock-full of leading characters, there's rarely a moment where one is underplayed or ignored.
Although there are some longeurs when Whedon feels bound to plot a pathway to Marvel's next tranche of potential blockbusters, the witty repartee between stars at ease in their superhero skin leavens the odd lull.
When ten-cylinder push comes to jet-propelled shove, Whedon knows his audience, and supplies the required fireworks.
Like a magnificent cake sliced into too many slivers, the movie is at once too much and never quite enough.
Whedon wastes no time teaming them up for a blistering opening sequence that is thrilling. Unfortunately that segment is a high point in a film that swiftly becomes an exercise in ever-diminishing returns bar a few moments.
It's spectacular, yet can leave you exhausted.
I walked out of the theater feeling like the survivor of an all-you-can-eat buffet.
The fact that Marvel announced its entire slate a few months back takes a lot of the impact away. If we didn't know about a Black Panther film, the mention of Wakanda would have been mind-blowing. Instead, it fell flat.
Any true drama is entirely missing. There is no tension. Everything has to stop for the next battle. It is tediously repetitive. And the characters are all one defining trait.
Marvel consistently puts out entertaining films which work towards a common goal - which is why it's mystifying that Avengers: Age of Ultron, nominally the best entry in phase two, is only mildly entertaining by comparison.
The film-makers' understandable inability to take their own material seriously has now pushed the project beyond gentle parody and into broad pastiche.
Not without problems, but continues the Avengers tradition of big, bold blockbusters that don't need to toss away thoughtfulness to remain pure popcorn fun.
The movie's action sequences and sequel-baiting suck up much of its oxygen, and the magnitude of battles dwarf the smaller moments.
Filled with plenty of laughs, great spectacle, and more cool characters than you can poke Loki's sceptre at.
Even though moviegoers looking for nonstop action will get their wish, Avengers: Age of Ultron is really at its best when it's focusing on the characters.
In many ways, Marvel has grown up and passed Whedon by - and his jocular take on the material doesn't just feel stale, it feels like a step back.
[N]ails the feeling of sitting and reading a stack of eight comics in one sitting
Marvel's latest is its biggest, baddest installment yet, but it's the little moments that make it work - in part, because Joss Whedon is so good at them.
It's hard not to admire how efficiently and enjoyably the myriad elements have been threaded together; Age of Ultron is a suitably well-oiled machine with an insatiable appetite for family friendly destruction.
A $250 million pile of poo.
Avengers: Age of Ultron is a perfect example of the kind of crowd-pleasing blockbuster that audiences expect in this day and age, though I don't think it will achieve classic-status like the first film.
Whedon weaves theses titanic characters and egos together to bind the bloated universe into a Long Island Iced Tea; the more you savour, the more you come to appreciate all the powerful and seemingly conflicting elements and motivations working together.
The symphony of destruction works because this blockbuster behemoth has an actual soul.
Despite the overall enjoyment factor of the film, with this, its eleventh film, writer-director Joss Whedon seems intent on pushing some of Marvel Films' more tiresome elements to the extreme.
Avengers: Age Of Ultron is a big, bold, funny, thrilling, absorbing triumph, and continues Marvel Studios' seeming push for world cinematic domination.
Avengers: Age of Ultron, is a letdown -- entertaining to a degree, but so overstuffed that it may mark the point of diminishing returns for the Marvel movies generally.
While the visuals are extraordinary and the wry humour is welcome, what's missing is a coherent story with light and shade
You'd be surprised how much slack you'll cut a film that features superheroes gently ribbing one another for 142 minutes.
Fortunately, returning director Joss Whedon understands how to craft a superhero movie just as well as Marvel knows how to sell one.
Avengers: Age of Ultron delivers the usual superhero suspects in a slick, if overlong, adventure that bungee jumps between banter and action.
Whedon brings a depth and wit to his storytelling that you will never find in a Transformers movie. Even so, the final showdown is a little anti-climactic.
It's hard to muster the attention span to care about Earth's Mightiest Heroes when we know they'll just be back to do it all again in a few years.
A welcome return of the Avengers amusing team dynamic and essentially asking "what more could you want?"
An entertaining compromise. Overloaded, but the execution of intimate character moments shine in what's essentially a bridging film
While "Avengers: Age Of Ultron" isn't perfect, and arguably less successful than "The Avengers," on a purely enjoyable moviegoing level, it should please fans hardcore and casual alike, and that's maybe that's all that really matters in the end.
In the moments where it all comes together, like the sure-to-be-iconic Hulkbuster sequence, this is the very model of what Marvel's been chasing since day one.
Avengers: Age of Ultron plays like an obligation, a box to be checked off on a list before all parties move onto the things they really want to do.
It looks great, but haven't we been here before?
Marvel movie die-hards will come away having found nuggets of pleasure, but those who complain about superhero sagas will find plenty to support their arguments here.
Ultimately, Avengers: Age of Ultron can't recapture the charm and majesty of seeing Earth's Mightiest Heroes assembled for the first time. That said, it's still a lot of fun and offers plenty of great action and character moments.
The result is a lot of everything, but the film never feels overcrowded: in fact, it's the interplay between the film's many different characters, rather than the blow-up-the-world crisis they're trying to defuse, that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
Giddy good fun as the Marvel movies consistently are-Age of Ultron's many battles swoop and clang nicely-they're no longer novel.
It's a superhero cavalcade of energy and fun.
Bigger and, yes, darker than the first, this is less air-punchingly gleeful but probably more consistent.
It doesn't have the fist-pumping highs of the first film, but AGE OF ULTRON is deeper, more emotional and all-around better.
There's a lot to like about Age of Ultron, but the coolest thing about it is the way it reclaims the comic book part of the phrase 'comic-book movie.'
Avengers: Age of Ultron succeeds in the top priority of creating a worthy opponent for its superheroes and giving the latter a few new things to do, but this time the action scenes don't always measure up ...
Whedon and his large, capable cast (even larger for this follow-up) deliver enough adventure, laughs and flat-out spectacle to ensure that audiences will feel as if they have gotten their money's worth ...
It ticks all the boxes for a summer blockbuster but you feel spandex fatigue is just being to creep into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
There is so much going on in Avengers: Age of Ultron ... it feels like a minor miracle that not only the film makes sense, but that it's also somehow enjoyable.
Anchored by Whedon's trademark wit without becoming a tiresome zinger-fest, it's a thrilling and affable slice of impeccably crafted chaos.
As gargantuan as blockbusters come ... doubles down on action, sarcasm, and reference-heavy plot.
If you're happy to, as they say, just turn your brain off and watch your heroes fight, it's fine...But Marvel has set me up to expect stories a bit above that base level
It has a definite mid-season feel to it, telling a compelling but never game-changing story while laying the foundations for the epic, two-part Infinity War due in 2018.
If this is what the apotheosis of branded, big-studio entertainment has come to look like in 2015, we could be doing much worse. Unlike its title character, "Age of Ultron" most definitely has soul.
Massive, immersive and wildly entertaining, Age of Ultron gets the gang back together for a globe-trotting battle against a meager villain. Fun will be had by all.
Improves on its predecessor on many fronts even if it doesn't fully recapture the magic of the 2012 endeavour.
Age of Ultron [is] one of the most thoughtfully driven monster vehicles you are likely to see in a summer rammed with powerful, glossy, mechanised beasts.
A gooey plate of nachos that shouldn't constitute your whole diet, but is perfectly enjoyable for now, even when it congeals at the end into a wet, sloppy mess.
It is likely that this is the best Avengers movie that we'll ever see.
James Spader, another living, breathing reason we need a special award for voice work and casting at the Oscars because he was just the perfect choice for everything that Ultron had to offer and performed it incredibly.
The stakes on the line in this action adventure are not only sky-high but soul-deep. Whedon hits both points with an almighty wallop, resulting in a large canvas blockbuster that is as epic as it is profound.

@highlight

Exuberant and eye-popping, Avengers: Age of Ultron serves as an overstuffed but mostly satisfying sequel, reuniting its predecessor's unwieldy cast with a few new additions and a worthy foe.