An uneven and unimaginative sex comedy about small-town losers.
ultimately heartwarming and humorous enough to merit a recommendation
...ultimately finds itself unable to hold the viewer's interest for more than a few minutes at a time.
Amateurs had all the potential in the world to be a charming, oddball delight, but it's a mess. A horrible mess. Albeit a horrible mess with some big laughs and the evergreen presence of Jeff Bridges.
The only burst of creativity is the number of euphemisms Traeger has for pussy ("fruit cup" was my favorite)
All this star power goes for naught in Traeger's film, which tries to blend bucolic sweetness with juvenile let's-make-a-porno jokes.
It ranges from awkward to excruciating.
The chief virtue of Amateurs is that it gives many talented people (Valerie Perrine, Judy Greer, Lauren Graham, Tim Blake Nelson) a scene or two in which to shine.
This sort of thing was done much better by the British years ago in The Full Monty and Calendar Girls. There's really no call for an American rehash.
A sleazy, uninspired, pathetically unfunny sex farce.
A strong ensemble cast spruces up a weak script in this trifle...the little picture that, ultimately, doesn't.
Writer and director Michael Traeger cribs from a variety of sources and paints a sitcom-like façade that at times becomes more than a bit unbearable. Thankfully he's got a keen eye for casting...
Do not waste your time with The Amateurs.
The Amateurs has been shelved for a number of years because -- just a ballpark guess here -- it's not funny.
Potential laughs are largely lost due to the one-note nature of the characters.
There are no laughs to be found in writer-director Michael Traeger's would-be comedy The Amateurs, but there is one big mystery: how actors of this caliber could have been convinced to take part.
It's just not much fun to watch first time director Michael Traeger aim for Capra-esque comedy and wind up closer to crap.
As a writer, Traeger is consternatingly adolescent and glib.
The Amateurs turns out to be a mini-classic of sweet vulgarity, much in the vicinity if not the exact class of the recent spate of the Judd Apatow canon.
You'll notice that the actors are way overqualified for this nonsense. But the kick they get out of one another is what pulls you in.
An amiable enough micro-caper which offers savoury titters over out-and-out laughs without ever living up to the concept's comedic potential.
A miscalculated mix of sleaze and schmaltz.
How embarrassing to see an actor of Jeff Bridges's calibre giving his all in such a terrible film. It's a lame comedy which raises only a few facetious groans.
If there's something hypocritically coy about a sex comedy without sex (let alone a porn industry without victims), there's also something refreshing about the characters' unabashed good nature -- at least until the grievously saccharine finale.
Never less than watchable, thanks to its superb cast, but it could and should have been so much better. A sadly wasted opportunity.
This film proves that a superb premise and a terrific ensemble cast aren't enough. Writer-director Traeger simply gets it completely wrong.


@highlight

The Amateurs is a largely unfunny sex comedy that squanders a talented cast.