A rawer, realer, and far more believable and compelling portrait of a self-destructive country artist's attempt at recovery than CRAZY HEART.
A little like modern country music - odd moments of sincerity, heart and authenticity peek through the plastic, the hype and the manufactured hokum.
This canned corn falls far short of the inspiring story of triumph and tragedy it wants viewers to buy.
Though the plot is almost formulaic, "Country Strong" has two things going for it: talented actors and great music
Not exactly brimming with the essence of country music
Some may cynically scoff at Country Strong's rollercoaster of feelings, yet it's almost completely appropriate considering the high drama present in the lyrics of country music.
...Country Strong's downfall stems from its almost egregiously deliberate pace...
It's got enough melodrama and full-volume diva-meltdown histrionics to blow a movie like Burlesque out of the water.
If McGraw had been armed with a microphone, perhaps the movie could have gained something in symmetry; if Kelly had a grounding in social history, perhaps she could better be believed.
The movie has its moments, but the characters are fuzzy around the edges...
Paltrow is a poster girl for the virtues of yoga and a macrobiotic diet - which makes her far too healthy-looking to play the troubled, booze-sodden singer at the heart of [this] sudsy romantic melodrama.
No saving grace here.
Some killer tunes plus a genuinely believable turn from Glee star Paltrow make Country Strong a show worth catching.
The good news is that Paltrow can sing; the bad news is the mawkish and one-paced drama she's playing in.
The backstage shenanigans and tear-stained soap opera are all too predictable in Country Strong but the performances lend it conviction and the soundtrack has enough heart and soul to endear it to true country music fans.
This is a cheesy soap opera that dearly wants to be a country and western All About Eve. The songs aren't too bad; the dialogue is.
For me it's a no.
I hated, loved, hated the movie. In that order.
Even a Paltrow fan (I remain one) would have to concede that her willowy frame and perfect skin do not betray a lifetime of vodka-swilling and throwing up in hillbilly bars.
As predictable and soulless as an over-produced country power ballad.
Writer/director Shana Feste is clearly indebted to the Oscar-winning Crazy Heart and Robert Altman's epic Nashville, but the script all too often stumbles into mediocre soap-opera territory.
Disappointing country music drama that fails to hit the required emotional high notes, thanks to a confused, cliché-riddled script, poor direction and an unconvincing performance from a badly miscast Gwyneth Paltrow.
Paltrow gives it her best but is so conspicuously doing country. We're meant to believe she has spent half her life staring into a vodka bottle, but she glows like she's just stepped out of a yoga retreat.
C&W lovers will lap it up - look out for some stellar Nashville cameos - and there's big-lunged uplift to see you through the cornball plot turns.
This enjoyably OTT drama-with-songs-in-it was monstered in January by American reviewers, who were maybe expecting a highbrow, subtle and meditative drama in which Gwyneth Paltrow is an alcoholic banjo player.
Like last year's Crazy Heart, this film traces the journey of a struggling addict country singer. And while the film is somewhat sentimental and simplistic, it features some strong acting that manages to draw us in.
A decade after Duets, a singing Gwyn proves she can still reach the high notes. Shame the melodrama plays strained and unoriginal.
With so many storylines battling for supremacy, Country Strong never conveys who these people are and is often inconsistent in portraying them.
Strong in intent but wobbles under the lights.
There are real issues here that need to be explored -- the neurosis of fame and its consequent personal and relational stresses -- but Country Strong gives them only surface treatment.
[B]y the time Country Strong ends, it has largely defeated the feel-good buzz from its subplots involving puppy love and charity.
The downer plot with a predictable ending never rises above television tearjerker movie of the week, but the songs are enough to recommend to fans of this genre.
A perplexing blend of threadbare narrative tropes assembled without any imagination or, crucially, any fun.
The movie slogs from scene to scene with no urgency, no energy, making 110-minutes feel like a mind-numbing mental marathon the likes of which even championship level Grand Master chess players would find far too taxing.
Oh, my goodness. It's the first Lifetime Movie Network flick to hit the big screen!
Country Strong weak in the story department.
The story's shifting perspectives and sympathies (the distinctions between the 'authentic' singer-songwriter and the 'pop' vocalist prove ambiguous) result in a music-centric work that feels more honest (while being less entertaining) than 'Crazy Heart.'
Shana Feste's screenplay seldom rises above the level of daytime TV; the only actor who triumphs over her trite dialogue is Tim McGraw in a nonsinging role as Paltrow's husband and manager.
If Feste actually believes that this show is country nirvana, she has no business making a country movie.
Hedlund's got a hell of a voice, rotgut-ragged, and whether he's crooning or wooing, whatever he's selling, and no matter how cornpone, I'm buying.
A fairly turgid new drama that is anything but subtle, anything but surprising, but somehow it's truthful and honest, and the characters get under your skin.
... wallows in the weepy glitz of country music ... without once tapping into its true grit.
The plot is like a bad country song that just wants to pile on the heartbreak and the clichés.
Country Strong is a country music melodrama, but I'm not sure which country. Certainly not one with a Deep South region where songs come from the heart, not radio trending surveys, and where folks know the smell of manure means don't step in it.
A bizarre cut that finds Kelly and Beau riding a freight train just adds to the sensation that we're witnessing a film career off its rails.
The movie isn't worth the scuffed cowgirl boots it's scooting around in.
Gwyneth Paltrow must be a great actress because, as country singer Kelly Canter in Country Strong, she seems totally unaware of her insurmountable blandness.
For a script that promotes artistry over stardom, love over fame, Country Strong falls back on cinematic tropes that saddle the film with an unfortunate predictability.
Paltrow and McGraw are good, and so is the music, but Garrett Hedlund is the breakout star!
Corny and cliched
Unfortunately weak.
Every actor does a good job, but they rely on songs to tell a story instead of the screenplay. And I have no idea why I would root for any of them.
The engaging cast in Country Strong helps us almost forget about Shana Feste's disappointing script and irrational ending.
It all gets more and more ridiculous as event piles up on event, leading to a turn of melodramatic excess that defines a new sort of pornography that has nothing to do with sex, but is obscene nonetheless
Remember when country music meant something to narrative filmmaking, when a tortured, soulful song put to film could document the doubts and dimensions of an entire generation?
Misconceptions concerning show biz, rehab and addiction abound in this disappointing melodrama about a country megastar on a downward spiral. But its fine cast is not to blame.
If not for the music, Country Strong would barely be a wimper at your neighborhood multiplex.
It's a relief when Paltrow's character bursts into song. That's the only time when she's not pitching fits to beat the band ... making the band, and the audience, extremely grateful.
The soundtrack includes mostly new tunes, but the only country song that kept racing through my increasingly bored mind was Willie Nelson's "Wake Me When It's Over."
Catchy tunes, robust performances--but you can see every backstage-melodrama-cliche coming two scenes away.
Paltrow's got the pipes, but Garrett Hedlund steals Country Strong out from under her.
The film is very depressing and melancholy that you have a hard time finding the entertainment factor. That is until you get the music.
Like the overwrought lyrics of a classic country ballad, Country Strong is movie manipulation of the highest order
January is always a tough month for movies. Unfortunately, "Country Strong" just made it that much tougher.
Much like the deservedly-maligned "Burlesque" with Cher and Christina Aguilera, "Country Strong" is merely a trite story that gives Paltrow and her co-stars a chance to show off their vocals.
If the point of Country Strong was to prove that Gwyneth Paltrow can sing, then mission accomplished. You don't need to sit through this two-hour melodrama to confirm that.
[A] mixed bag of a country music comeback fable.
The world of Pandora was more believable than this whitewash.
Feste struggles mightily to instill meaning and grandeur in Country Strong, but her initial efforts to sidestep cliché often result in confusion before she simply gives up and opts for melodrama.
Boozing, cheating, weeping, backstabbing, pill-popping -- Country Strong plays more like a honky-tonk jukebox than a movie.
[T]here's solid workmanship and an authentic emotional muscle in this movie. I was startled to find myself overwhelmed, eventually, by its ragged charms and its rough-edged vision of female power and pain...
What a horrible way to kick off 2011.
Country Strong has a bit more to recommend it -- the music most of all -- but it's still a tough slog through emotional swamplands.
After a while you find yourself giggling uncontrollably as Paltrow lurches through her scenes.
It takes a while for Country Strong to make up its mind what it wants to be about, and it takes even longer for it to figure out how to get there as the conclusion drags on and on, searching for a point.
...the soundtrack sounds like they're doing the same song over and over. The melodies and lyrics apparently change, but to the non-fan they're indistinguishable.
Well-acted drama deals with alcohol abuse and more.
Country Strong is dead on arrival.
A hackneyed backstage soap opera...with all the subtlety of the lyrics of the country-western songs that fill the soundtrack.
The actors all grit teeth, chew mouthfuls of mushy cornpone and attempt to make something of this, despite a cheese-ball script and pretty perfunctory direction, both by Shana Feste.
[A] disjointed drama filled with one-dimensional characters and melodrama so Lifetime movie-esque that it careens into unintentional comedy.
Patsy Cline. Loretta Lynn. Gwyneth Paltrow.
Gwyneth Paltrow is a beautiful, gifted actress with a lovely singing voice, but she's never been more miscast than she is in Country Strong.
While the melodrama is ladled on fast and thick at times, it is performed with sufficient conviction that we are drawn in rather than left on the outside laughing at it.
The many tunes in Country Strong are of such astounding banality, it's as if they were written by caged chimps as they were driven through Nashville on the way to a medical research lab.
You watch "Country Strong" wishing you were watching "Crazy Heart," and wondering whether Gwyneth Paltrow read the script all the way through, and wishing Bridges would turn up to show the folks how it's done.
This overlong melodrama has all the dramatic grace of a wrecked-my-truck, lost-my-girl song-and about as much emotional heft.
A movie that isn't smart enough to realize how stupid it really is.
This country music drama boasts solid performances and a few catchy songs, but its ending might have you singing the blues.
Doesn't come close to matching any of the legion of films set in the country music world, from "Coal Miner's Daughter" to "Walk the Line" to "Crazy Heart."
Feste could do with less cowbell.
It almost works as a decent if familiar story of comebacks and setbacks -- but then one bottle goes crashing against the wall and the emotional investment all but flies out the window.
Keeps Gwyneth Paltrow in an irritating state of teary distress, and makes one long for the same numbing cell of bottle-clutching isolation that alcoholism gifts to the lead character.
As far as I can tell, the moral of Country Strong seems to be: mothers, don't let your kids grow up to sing country music. Good advice. That said, the music is easily the best part of the movie, and I don't even like country music.
Why do I have to listen to Meester caterwaul throughout the movie and Tim McGraw (one of the biggest music stars on the planet) doesn't even pick up a guitar?
It just lacks coherence, that's all. Oh, and a point. Oh, and any sense of fun. Oh, and a guy who looks like Heath Ledger in Brokeback Mountain -- no, wait, it has that, never mind.
If you like a spectacle, whoo boy, you have found your perfect match.
It's too bad that Ms. Feste didn't ditch the female victim bit and make a movie about a survivor.
...incompetent filmmaking with nonsensical narrative jump cuts, silly dialogue and characters who sway from one extreme to the other with no central balancing emotional core.
So filled with mixed messages, misguided plot turns, and consecutive false denouements that, by the actual end, it finally comes off as nothing but an infuriating betrayal.
Hedlund has a surprisingly rich singing voice, the mahogany tones giving depth and stature to an under-written character.
But holy "Coal Miner's Daughter," the results are borderline disastrous, unintentionally funny and strung together with canned parodies of country music.
"Country Strong" comes to spontaneous life from time to time, despite maudlin devices and manipulative set pieces.
What saves "Country Strong" from drowning in its own tears are the leads, all four of whom imbue Feste's unabashedly clichéd script with some genuine humanity.
When it's not forcing you to stifle a laugh, there are moments when the unwavering sincerity of the cast add up to some decent scenes.
There's so much going on in "Country Strong," with a new theme or plotline emerging every 10 minutes or so, that it feels like an entire season of a TV series has been crammed into two hours.
If you're going to make a bad film, at least make it short.
The musical numbers offer some of the strongest moments in "Country Strong." The story's offstage dramas, however, are like a country song with every other verse removed.
"Country Strong" is a title that calls to mind a pickup truck. Only in a work of science-fiction would it suffice as a description of Gwyneth Paltrow.
Feste captures the heightened reality of performing before a massive crowd, when audience expectations and JumboTron screens can blow delicate emotions up to monstrous proportions. The problem is everything else.
While Paltrow belts out the title anthem with conviction, it is the younger performers who sing more intimate, and moving, numbers that advance the story rather than merely stating it.
This less show than tell, sudsy when not bland make-believe musical can best be described as a, well, bad hear day. And likewise full length feature promos for a couple of actresses suddenly turned singers.
An insight-free showcase for haphazard clichés, with a title that sounds like deodorant for cowboys.
It stumbles from scene to scene, theme to theme and trope to trope. If you want it to make sense, however, you're out of luck.
The movie's well-acted. Almost everything else about "Country Strong" is weak.
"Country Strong" is one of the best movies of 1957, and I mean that sincerely as a compliment.
Ultimately it's too meandering and uneven to ever truly tug at your heart.
[A] deeply, dangerously earnest take on truth and beauty in trouble.
It shows that Gwyneth knows the spangly high-powered joys of country music. Too bad that in Country Strong, she's too busy acting out the hysterical and mostly nonsensical sorrows.
Both sincere and cynical in its view of country stardom, it makes you forgive all of its false notes simply because the talent plays them with conviction.
Several good performances are left adrift, as the characters roam from scene to scene, singing (quite well) as they go. Even as a sort of long-form music video, it's disjointed.
A rare specimen in our postironic age: legitimately unintentional camp.
There are some lovely songs, and a handful of great ideas, just dying to bust out of Country Strong, but the cream gravy that coats every corner of this chicken-fried Valley of the Dolls smothers almost everything it can.
Themes and cliches plucked from countless country lyrics fuel a thoroughly unconvincing show business story about a larger-than-life, crash-and-burn star and her unruly entourage of self-serving personalities.
Maybe if you love the music it doesn't matter what the story is, but it does show irresponsible lack of restraint dealing with serious drama.
More country pop than country classic, Country Strong puts its characters through the dramatic wringer ... but only skims the surface of their emotional minefields.
When the starting point is a world in which even the toughest guys wear their hearts on their sleeves, the trick for filmmakers is how to walk the line without getting stuck in the muck, and that is a problem the filmmaker hasn't yet figured out.
A country music drama with a big heart but not enough focus, Country Strong tackles fame, artistic expression, addiction and love, although none of them deeply enough.
That rare ensemble piece in which all four principals are not only compellingly drawn but handled with an astute sense of dramatic balance.
Most of the effort seems to have gone into the original music, which is pleasant but not memorable, and too little on creating believable, multidimensional characters.
Country Strong stumbles, and has some slack in its silences, but it takes its world, characters and songcraft seriously...

@highlight

The cast gives it their all, and Paltrow handles her songs with aplomb, but Country Strong 's cliched, disjointed screenplay hits too many bum notes.