That's the thing about children when it comes to movies: They're not that discriminating. They can be perilously easy to please, which is why it's important that their parents protect them from films like Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2.
I found this all profoundly disturbing.
This is one of those what-could-they-have-been-thinking movies.
The first Baby Geniuses, released in 1999, was one of the most inane, humorless, ill-conceived, poorly acted comedies of the year. As difficult as it is to imagine, the sequel is even worse.
These babies need a time out.
Apart from Jon Voight, slumming and turning in a rather droll, if lonely, performance as the German-accented villain, the movie amounts to cynical, cutesy claptrap.
Unspeakably ghastly.
Why? Seriously, why? Why would anyone make a sequel to Baby Geniuses, a 1999 film whose existence, from its title on down, appeared to be a cruel joke about the gullibility of the lowest common denominator?
Excruciating.
Camp primer for the Huggies Pull-Ups crowd.
[It's] the sort of intellectually offensive children's movie one would make if one knew nothing about children.
Clark's CGI-induced rugrat romp is about as inspiring in its hilarity as a diaper rash. Exceedingly nonsensical and...excuse the intended pun-infantile
Like dadaist art, Baby Geniuses challenge the artist-audience contract: We *hear* the babies talking, but we clearly *see* that they aren't.
To call this immeasurably terrible movie 'stupid and nonsensical' would be an insult to stupid and nonsensical movies.
It is offensive on so many levels. First, let's just call SuperBabies what it is: child abuse.
No worry about brainwashing kids through this movie, though. They probably won't be that entertained.
This unnecessary sequel to 1999's Baby Geniuses is so bad it makes the Olsen twins' catalog of work look like Laurence Olivier's Shakespearean output.
Is there really a market of children out there that will find this funny or entertaining?
You're not actually still reading about this stupid, crass, condescending, dreadful movie, are you?
Best parental advice: if you had to take the kids to Garfield, you've already suffered enough this summer.
So many things about this movie are so, so wrong that it's almost right.
director Bob Clark and screenwriter Gregory Poppen don't shoehorn in nearly as much innuendo or smarminess this time around; they're equally stingy with charm and imagination.
Whoever gave this the green light should be spanked.
This is a film so thunderingly unfunny that it makes 'White Chicks' look like 'Blazing Saddles.'
What uncaring parent would waste their children's time taking them to see this nonsense? ... And what incriminating photos do the producers have of Jon Voight?
has no redeeming qualities
Seems to want to espouse family unity and good parenting, or at least, the unhappy results of parentless children.
The action sequences are phony-looking; the dialogue sounds largely improvised on the fly; the laughs are few and far between; and the acting ... is, to put it kindly, wooden.
Entirely too convoluted for kids and implausible even by the standards set by the original concept.
Whatever wit could be mined from the idea of breaking the code to baby talk was exhausted in the original Baby Geniuses five years ago.
The shtick is as stale and over-processed as expired Froot Loops, with references that were dated even when the original was released.
The sort of incoherent mess that invariably goes straight to video.
It is perhaps the most incompetent and least funny comic film ever made. There aren't even any good diaper jokes.
More than just another sequel that no one was clamoring to see, this is that rare follow-up that's actually twice as good as the original and is still a piece of junk.
WAAAHHHHHHH!!!
There's what one can only hope is the last-ever Matrix tribute/theft, plus a mostly unfunny stew of references to the Three Stooges, Popeye, Mary Poppins, and even Casablanca. The overall effect is ghoulish.
Features even more toddlers acting in a way only collectors of velvet paintings will consider irresistible.
This is not so much Look Who's Talking as Look Who's Walloping.
One of the worst comedies ever.
Falls short on nearly every level.
The film's moral? Turn off the TV, young 'uns, and go outside and play! And avoid Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 matinees while you're at it.
This interminable Pampers commercial has the nerve to end with a 'TV is rotten for kids' message, when the movie itself would do far more to stunt a child's imagination (or cause a kid to burst into tears) than anything currently on television.
It's lots of lame jokes where tots say stuff like 'off the hook' and 'da bomb.'
If anyone was clamoring for a follow-up to 1999's Baby Geniuses, they'll be happy to know that the sequel retains not only the same gimmicky premise as the original but its preference for cliche-ridden dialogue and flat-footed comedy as well.
Talking babies are just creepy. I kept waiting for the Superbabies' heads to start spinning around with pea soup flying everywhere. Sadly, this would have been an improvement

@highlight

A startling lack of taste pervades Superbabies , a sequel offering further proof that bad jokes still aren't funny when coming from the mouths of babes.