I call this a typical summer-house movie: films stars do because they fancy a fourth home in Napa.
Presumably to expand her (McCarthy's) repertoire, there is a deliberate attempt to cut down her sweat-slob persona and soften those rough edges to test new ground here that is akin to inventing a humanitarian nuclear bomb.
Only two people were asleep when I went to go see Tammy, but by the time I left, all of us were unconscious. Helpless dogs trapped in a dark purse of a movie.
While the effort can be appreciated, the vehicle was running on fumes from the start.
In a word, it stinks.
The plotline is simple and flexible enough to allow for lots of hilarious detours.
The result is a sweet, often entertaining but occasionally uneven movie.
It drags and it befuddles, but like most McCarthy properties, Tammy sings when she's onscreen. Worth the bumps.
'Tammy' is a disappointment, because it asks an energetic, unpredictable performer to play it so calculatingly, frustratingly safe.
Ultimately, the entire film plays like a 100-minute deleted scene - shaggy, formless, and voraciously inconsequential.
A good film is hiding beneath the surface of the adequate one onscreen and it's a shame when the talent involved deserved better.
As crude as you'd expect, and not as funny as you'd hope
With its kitschy bald eagle sculpture, its lesbian-hosted Fourth of July party and its mid-robbery salute of a war veteran ('We appreciate your service'), the latest McCarthy road trip is a celebration of American opportunity but also a muddled misfire.
The character's jagged edges convey only McCarthy's star-vehicle opportunism.
[Star] McCarthy has so much more talent than what this unwatchable nonsense displays.
Perpetually feels a few good jokes away from being really funny.
When Melissa McCarthy tries cracking wise in front of the camera in what are obviously attempts at improvisation, man, those moments feel like they go on forever. And there's way too many of them. She strives for punchlines that never eventuate.
After Identity Thief (co-starring Jason Bateman) and The Heat (Sandra Bullock), Tammy marks the third film in a row to have McCarthy annoy, mistreat and then belatedly make amends with a mismatched sidekick.
The filmmakers never quite find the balance between real-life experience and freewheeling nonsense that drives the best comic road movies.
The film is a mild imitation of a traditional slapstick comedy, and there's nothing here but a few laughs and an unsatisfying ending.
[Something] in Tammy you wouldn't expect to see in a mainstream comedy [is] the romantic pairing of McCarthy with indie heartthrob Mark Duplass, reversing the formula of the male slob who gets the conventionally beautiful girl.
A disaster as a comedy from the first frame to the last, the film is also smotheringly cloying, heaping more unearned sentimentality, false pathos and super-saccherinated schmaltz onto its "odd couple" than any adult should ever have to endure.
Contender for worst film of the year, Tammy is painful. If you are looking for a good laugh, a well-written script, engaging characters, quirky relationships, a story with heart and having a whale of a time, this Melissa McCarthy comedy is not it
Too often, at least during its first half, Tammy feels like a case of been there, done something similar but not quite as over-the-top as that.
Co-written by star McCarthy with her director (and real life husband) Falcone, "Tammy" is a dramadey that actually works best during its most serious moments.
"Tammy" is a movie that is painful, pathetic, and more willing to engage in a joke about getting fingered by Boz Scaggs than anything even remotely introspective.
Falls into that narrow crevice between cringe comedy and working-class drama. Then, deep underground, long out of the range of humour, it flails where no one can hear it, drawing scenes out into shapeless, squalid things.
... Tammy is Melissa McCarthy at her best, frank and raw but in a much more honest way than we've seen before.
Susan Sarandon is terrific; delivering a superb and shaded turn for what could have been a broad "rude grandma" phone-in.
While there is little in the way of plot, "Tammy" is more character-based than the typical summer comedy, and it's held up by strong performances by McCarthy and a very game Sarandon.
The screenplay contains some big laughs scattered between a series of labored and uninspired gags that don't play to the strengths of its stars.
"Tammy" is tedious and dull, no matter how hard McCarthy tries to liven it up
Tammy forgoes cheap laughs in favor of heart.
With the laughs being fairly sporadic, Falcone's generally slack pacing is laid bare and the movie as a whole feels all the more meandering, try though McCarthy might to enliven the proceedings.
It's one banged-up, scuffed-up, dented mess of a movie, but somehow, nonetheless, McCarthy makes it out, to the other side. To what, now, is the real question.
A bizarre, dysfunctional grab-bag that wants to cram far too many tonal shifts into one foul-mouthed road comedy.
This is a road movie in which Melissa McCarthy - one of the planet's funniest people - takes her audience down a dead end.
"Dick and beak", Tammy's description of TopperJack's chicken burgers, works as a capsule review.
Here's a 'lite' version of other movies that have made Melissa McCarthy almost a household name.
Good intentions and a stellar cast can't save this sometimes crass, sometimes corny comedy-drama.
The movie's principal intention is to make you laugh at a loser, and revel in scenes from which polite people would instinctively turn away.
The film, though, is as erratic as Tammy's driving, veering dangerously from gross-out comedy to rank sentimentality with no real sense of where it is headed.
But journeys of redemption involve contrition: a change of clothes, a shower, ironed hair. And... the moment Tammy renews her commitment to living among other human beings, she becomes quiet and unsure, easily pushed to tears.
The good news about this enjoyable piece is that they do manage to raise a few laughs. McCarthy's knockabout schtick is bound to get old at some stage, but it hasn't happened yet, while Sarandon isn't found wanting in the comic smarts department.
It's obnoxious when it means to be comic, and excruciating when it wants to be moving.
...a decent comedy/drama that hopefully marks McCarthy's first step towards a more varied selection of roles...
Melissa McCarthy is clearly in a rut: the title character in this film isn't very far removed from her previous roles in The Heat and Identity Thief.
It's a rambling, pointless and labored attempt to cash in on Ms. McCarthy's fan base without respect for any audience with a collective IQ of 10. And it's about as funny as a liver transplant.
Even Melissa McCarthy's exuberant comic capers can't get this road-trip clunker out of first gear.
McCarthy remains a winning screen presence, and the fact that so many A-listers have jumped aboard to share screen time with her speaks volumes about her standing within the brutal world of big-screen comedy.
The cast tries hard, but you can practically see the flop sweat pouring off brows.
McCarthy's performance of unself-conscious uncouthness celebrates the freedom to be undignified. And, still, it's being misused.
Tammy is an object lesson in the art of directing, which is all it would have taken to turn this near-miss into an instant classic. Though that may be true of most mediocre movies.
There are some good comic scenes in Tammy, mind you, but they don't build into anything larger; the movie is less than the sum of its parts.
Here, the jokes hit with the accuracy of bullets in a Michael Bay movie.
Tammy is the work of a star temporarily bereft of inspiration or ambition.
McCarthy's latest vehicle, Tammy, misfires.
For the most part, their characters are aimless and without purpose, much like the movie itself.
Tammy is a waste of a fine cast and a waste of everyone's time.
While McCarthy and Sarandon have a sweet familial chemistry, their characters are too similar to brew much comic tension.
A lot of good actors are wasted in this film in bit roles, including Allison Janney, Sandra Oh, and Dan Aykroyd. The ones with bigger roles, like Mark Duplass and Kathy Bates, are wasted, too.
Tammy had the right cast to be a monster comedy hit. Any potential is beaten into submission by a story that lacks originality and any glimpse of smart humor.
Tammy is a wince-worthy missed opportunity
Like a classic road comedy, this tends to drift from scene to scene rather than adhere to a strict plot; the movie revolves mostly around McCarthy, hilarious in her best performance to date.
Unimaginatively filmed and of a misbegotten construction.
It's closer to full-goofball than heart-of-gold character sketch, so when it tries for poignant, the shift is awkward and uncomfortable.
An amiable but rather thin road comedy.
The scenes go on far too long but McCarthy never seems to hit her comic stride.
This tubby loser routine is already wearing a bit thin.
...vulgar, puerile, unfunny...
a disappointment for its dithering about what it wants to be, but it does nothing to diminish McCarthy as a brilliant talent
Tiresome and tedious, Melissa McCarthy takes an unfortunate pratfall.
Tammy, like McCarthy's other films, wants its lessons to be real, and learned.
Despite McCarthy's energy in front of the camera, Tammy too often wanders off track.
[McCarthy has] layers, some grit under the jokey façade, and a determination to find -- or, if necessary, create -- the roles that bring out those different shades.
Tammy is...simply muddled and inconsistent, grasping for a collective audience sadface in between overlong, improv-heavy riffs.
McCarthy co-wrote and produced Tammy so she only has herself to blame for such a predictable, pedestrian tale.
Eventually the film does manage to find its own awkward way, with enough effective and less desperate jokes to smooth things over after the rocky start.
Tammy is another effective demonstration of McCarthy's comedic abilities - but much like its protagonist, the film is too jumbled and directionless for its own good.
Love Melissa McCarthy. She can do no wrong. Her movie, on the other hand, does everything wrong.
It's hard to see what qualifies this modest, meandering comedy as a passion project.
Melissa McCarthy is back with "Tammy," one of her strongest roles yet -- a result of her direct creative control on this project -- but apart from her performance, this road-trip comedy unfortunately coasts by on autopilot.
This summer's hands-down disappointment is Tammy, a mistake we should've seen coming. Looking back at the clues, it was right under our noses.
Mediocre, unoriginal and makes 96 minutes feel like forever.
Melissa McCarthy shines in this grease-sodden hymn to the state of modern America.
It's a pleasant enough road trip comedy that sensibly lets McCarthy take centre stage, ably backed by Sarandon's hedonistic pensioner.
Tammy is funny, and it has stamina.
The laughs are mostly uninspired, but with "Tammy," context is everything.
A watchable mishap, all round.
Dumb, pointless, unentertaining crap. But at least it's about women. Yay? Nah.
Melissa McCarthy once again plays a trashy, foul-mouthed terrorist against civility. But now she's dropping those luxurious f-bombs in what tries to be a sensitive road dramedy that wouldn't be entirely out of place at Sundance.
How many times can you play the same vulgar and aggressively stupid character before the audience moves on?
Uneven, mean buddy comedy about family and identity.
An unfocused road-trip farce that leans heavily on its star's sense of humor. If you like her, you'll probably enjoy the ride; if you don't, you'll probably feel carsick.
There's much to encourage here, anyway. Tammy is likely to be Bechdel Test champ of the year, and Sarandon is pretty much priceless as the out of control, Oxycontin-popping gran.
A crowd-pleasing, proudly working-class celebration of large women, old women, broke women, and women who love women.
Director Ben Falcone is clearly to comedy what cholera is to a Sweet Sixteen party.
McCarthy fans will love it!
Enough with the sight gags and wisecracks about her size, and her love of pies. Choose some other topic to make fun of --- preferably not one which insults our intelligence.
The attempt to portray Tammy as sympathetic just doesn't work.
A road movie without a map, Tammy fuses Melissa McCarthy's patented comedy with character commentary for a messy, ambitious, slapstick drama.
In Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone's 'Tammy,' Susan Sarandon effortlessly dominates every scene she's in and keeps her character grounded and real...
They have little feel for the technical side of filmmaking; the imagery is flat and the editing amateurish. Most shots seem held for a beat too long or too short, wreaking havoc with the comic rhythm.
It's often said for films of this sort that it's the journey that matters, not the destination. Unfortunately, in this case, neither is worth the price of admission.
The playful energy between McCarthy and her completely game co-star, Susan Sarandon is more than enough to keep the movie humming along.
I want more Tammy. I want the franchise, the book, the FX series and the musical.
The shaggy, slack, but ultimately still pretty likable road-movie-to-nowhere is as prone to pathos as it is to having McCarthy tear up a dance floor, crash a jet ski, or offer some filter-free observations on her own sex appeal.
It's hard to bear any ill will toward this peculiar movie. Its stumbling is almost endearing, and more than a few jokes land beautifully.
It makes one wonder why this was such a big deal project for her in the first place.
If you've seen one Melissa McCarthy movie, you've seen them all.
A total nightmare. A movie that tries to mix pitch-black comedy that frequently goes to dark places with run-of-the-mill pratfalls and slapstick. None of it is funny
McCarthy delivers another all-in performance, but so much so as to be more sad than funny much of the time.
The movie desperately wants us to think she's charming, that she's just trying to get it together, but you can see the seams showing: The supporting characters deliver most of their lines through teeth-gritting grins.
It's a mess, but a periodically amusing mess thanks to a sturdy line-up of co-stars. I'll give McCarthy this much: she knows how to surround herself with talent.
[It] could be an artifact from some alternate universe: the creatures there resemble Earthlings but have an entirely different and debased idea of what's funny.
As a script it is uneven and tonally inconsistent - best as a brainless, gross-out comedy, less successful when striving for emotional poignancy.
The problem is the film is so vulgar and broadly played in its first half that it's hard to shift gears and take it all seriously in the end. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
It's just ... off.
A disorganized conglomeration of funny bits and sad, heart-tugging moments, few of which bear any significant weight or impact.
This pastiche of sitcomy episodes never gels into a plot.
When did Melissa McCarthy morph into Will Ferrell?!?!?!?
We're forced to watch uncomfortably as McCarthy seemingly shills herself out as the big, funny girl.
'Tammy,' tell me true, why couldn't you have been funnier?
...has the awkward limpness of bad improv
[The material] requires a light touch that sometimes eludes Falcone. But the intention is admirable, as is the focus on flawed female characters and the way they relate to each other.
McCarthy's star rose following her raunchy performance in "Bridesmaids," but now she feels stuck in a lowbrow rut of pratfalls and romantic humiliation.
A waste of McCarthy's considerable talent, this comedy is painfully groan-inducing and obnoxious.
Melissa McCarthy is no underachiever, but she may not be living up to her potential.
[McCarthy] has the potential to be so much more. She can't be a whole lot less than she is in "Tammy."
"Tammy," when it's not getting slapstick laughs, seems not to know what kind of movie it is.
McCarthy bum-rushes the role like John Candy with a sour, combative disposition, reacting to every humiliation and rejection with feisty hostility.
A tired, overwhelmingly lifeless and under-motivated comedy.
As much as Melissa McCarthy is a presence worth watching in almost anything, it is difficult to get too excited about the low-key, wishy-washy "Tammy."
Trouble is, it never really takes us to joyous parts unknown, just through some absurd sketch-like situations that might actually work in any of McCarthy's appearances on "Saturday Night Live."
Is this a train wreck for the comedienne or a mere dump in the road?
Sitting through McCarthy's latest movie is about as pleasant as a punch to the face.
I can't help thinking that the over-the-top antics were the trade-off to get financing for the film, and the quieter moments were what interested them.
"Tammy" is a bummer, not least because McCarthy's fans know she's better than this.
"Tammy" is all over the map. But mostly in a good way.
How do you solve a problem like Melissa McCarthy? That question feels inescapable after watching her try to powerlift "Tammy," her newest and least funny comedy, all by her lonesome.
Without a strong story or well-defined character to guide her, McCarthy resorts to old tricks and repeated routines.
There are some laughs and, at least on screen, more than a few tears. But it doesn't come together with the kind of satisfying punch a comedy should deliver.
It just isn't very funny.
Ben Falcone's film is an almost plotless doodle, with low stakes made even lower thanks to the bratty passivity of its titular antiheroine.
It's not funny. None of it. Only the most juvenile of moviegoers want to see a heroine fall on her face over and over physically and emotionally
Even when the material falls short, [McCarthy's] never not worth watching.
Tammy aspires to be a latter-day Thelma & Louise, and since it co-stars Susan Sarandon, one could say at least it has its Louise. But that's about it.
The jokes are either too obvious or rely on our patience for the actors to riff on a joke well after its point has been made.
From scene to scene, "Tammy" rarely makes dramatic sense, probably because it plays out more like a series of loosely connected sketches, like you'd find on a middling episode of TV's "Saturday Night Live."
A terminally-depraved escapade destined to disappoint even diehard Melissa McCarthy fans.
It is admirable that McCarthy and Falcone try to push an agenda that gives the young perspective on their elders (and vice versa), but except for a (very) few funny set pieces, the film's pretty flat.
In McCarthy, we have a performer we can trust to deliver laughs even when they barely exist on the page.
There is playing to your strengths and there is cringing overkill and with the road comedy Tammy, Melissa McCarthy is getting awfully close to the latter.
If only "Tammy" were funnier, more structured, less of a mess! But then it might be just another Hollywood formula film.
McCarthy is going to need better material if she's going to transition into a rom-com career.
It doesn't really know what it wants to be: big, bawdy studio comedy or something more subtle and indie spirited, as evidenced in its final third. The result is an ill-conceived mess.
The fact that it stars the extremely funny Melissa McCarthy is both its saving grace and incredibly frustrating.
McCarthy and first-time director Falcone must have assumed that tossing a drunk and a dunce into a Cadillac would negate the need for a motive or even a script.
It's more a pile of incidents than a story. Without a guiding focus, McCarthy's boisterous comic energy runs amok. The result barely holds together as a movie.
As a first-time director, Falcone has trouble maintaining a specific tone - the movie wobbles back and forth between sentimentality and silliness, sometimes even within the same scene.
Equal parts funny and heartfelt - but also less than the sum of its parts.
a snide, senseless non-laugher which dares the viewer to giggle at mere shrillness and stupidity
Like a ship that can't seem to get that perfect gust of wind to hit its sails.
In every important way, Tammy is the better McCarthy vehicle [than Identity Thief]. It's warmer, wittier, far less slickly contrived, and much more recognizably human, in its emotions and behavior
Too scattershot and episodic to work as a whole, but overall it's a better vehicle for McCarthy than those she's shouldered before.
The scariest movie of a week that also contains a film about demonic possession.
[S]till better than "Identity Thief"
Tammy delivers on its promise: it's a very, very funny female-driven comedy that might not break the mould, but will ensure McCarthy's continued reign as Hollywood's most-consistent comedian.
[Susan] Sarandon doesn't tend to have fun in movies, yet her devil-may-care turn here gives 'Tammy' an alert, unpredictable energy.
McCarthy starts out all brash and brazen, but she slips into soft, gooey and sentimental, which is a shame.
It's a sad, angry excuse for a comedy that contains exactly one chuckle and infinitely more cringing.
McCarthy and Sarandon are very funny together and eke some real tenderness out of their quieter moments.
If ever McCarthy can find the right balance between these brief revelatory scenes and the overloaded gags of her improvising insults and knocking things off shelves in a huff, she might actually make a real movie.
A character comedy that's missing both comedy and character.
The film progresses from merely unfunny to unconvincing to dull.
A well-meaning personal project that never rises above the level of amiable mediocrity ...
The real problem with the movie is simple - it's just not funny enough, and too worried about making McCarthy's usual hilarious supporting character into a woman sympathetic enough (that is, bland enough) to be the heroine.
The movie has a surprising poignancy as well as capers, crude hilarity and plenty of nuttiness.

@highlight

Melissa McCarthy remains an engaging screen presence, but her efforts aren't enough to keep the jumbled Tammy on track.