This is a shonky adaptation in which nothing hangs together.
[James] McAvoy is sensational - utterly convincing as the manipulative bully who's racist, sexist and practically every other kind of 'ist' you can think of, while managing to elicit sympathy during rare moments of humanity.
Filth is a flawed but ultimately engaging and harrowing bit of moral theater.
After all is said and done, the director and main actor still manage to create a measure of sympathy for this almost-Machiavellian character because we've also caught a glimpse of the man underneath the coke-snorting, whisky-drinking bigot.
Walks on a thin line between grotesque entertainment, perversion and the inestability of its main character, in a middle point between a dark comedy and a masoquistic fantasy. [Full review in Spanish]
Captures perfectly and expands on the colorful but pessimist junkie pop lover style set by Fight Club and Trainspotting in a modern time. [Full review in Spanish]
This is one of those movies where much of the non-Scottish audience would need subtitles and a Scottish slang dictionary. It is brimming with profanity and explicit sex scenes and an amazing performance by James McAvoy.
Crude comedy.
Filth ends up leaving you with a bad taste in your mouth, not because of the content (you get what you would expect with such a title), but because it ends up getting nowhere with its shallow attempts at a plot and overanxious attempts to be bizarre.
The film's pat, unsatisfying resolution ultimately doesn't detract from it's minute-to-minute pleasures.
It's called "Filth." Who says there's no truth in advertising?
Here is a relentlessly shallow and nihilistic movie, a 97-minute exercise in cynicism with nothing of substance standing in a manic foreground.
The film gets so worked up trying to shock you, to put James McAvoy and his accomplished co-stars through the nasty paces, that it lands with a thud.
To its detriment, Filth too often pulls its punches, and if you're striving for pitch black, that is most definitely a cardinal sin.
"Filth" lives up to its title and then some, but a no-holds performance by James McAvoy is reason enough to watch.
Based on a novel by Irvine Welsh, Jon S. Baird's Filth is delightfully anarchic, forthright in its crassness, and, despite a general lack of thrust, exhilarating to watch.
The hodgepodge of genre elements, loose narrative threads and ungainly tonal shifts keep the audience at a distance, a point from which everything appears increasingly bizarre and meaningless.
ultimately a forgettable film
Credit the filmmakers with descending persuasively into the swampy squalor of a diseased mind. If you're in the mood to go there with them, Filth offers an indecently bracing wallow.
McAvoy... gives it his all, fearless, energetic, and lunatic.
I'm not sure I can recommend the movie, but this actor and this performance are something to behold.
There's nothing much here for those outside the PG Disney Princess-aimed target market to sink their horns into.
Viewers hungry for a catch-all dose of Welshian sardonicism would be better served checking out Trainspotting. Better soundtrack, for one.
"Filth" demonstrates that contemporary filmmakers would do well to fine new ways of getting their hands dirty.
The diseased storyline and twisted propulsion of Filth make it one of the most exciting movies in years, even as the plot eventually sinks into explanations that feel more contrived than necessary.
If this film feels dated, its because director Jon S. Baird adheres to Danny Boyle's style, with all the visual flourishes and accelerated editing that seem mandatory when translating Welsh's prose.
Unlike Jude Law's similarly offensive title character in Dom Hemingway, McAvoy is given a far better story to work from.
After a certain point, watching it is like listening to the ravings of an increasingly incoherent and abusive drunk.
wallows in itself for its entire runtime and tries to come out clean on the other end
Exhausting in its relentless depravity, "Filth" nevertheless is reminiscent of a much better movie also adapted from a novel by Irvine Welsh: Danny Boyle's 1996 "Trainspotting."
Even tastelessness requires some consistency of acrid flavoring, and "Filth" uneasily mixes a not-uninteresting character study in self-destruction with '90s-nostalgic stylings...
Filth, directed by Jon S. Baird from a 1998 bestseller by Trainspotting wild man Irvine Welsh, is wired to explode. Even when the film falls to pieces, McAvoy's bonkers brilliance will blow you away.
Much like other rides through haunted character houses, such as Abel Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant and Lars von Trier's The Element of Crime, Baird's Filth proves a decent cleansing agent because there's just so much grit, and so much of it is true.
While the feature isn't as cohesively anarchic as it imagines itself to be, it works in fits, boosted by a triumphantly face-rubbing lead performance from James McAvoy.
Manic but often morbidly fun ...
Without (McAvoy), a movie like Filth would fail to find any real value whatsoever. With him, it carries on past the problems to be a somewhat worthwhile experience.
It's filmmaking with a big, stupid grin on its face.
Exhausting every trick in the book to illustrate the depravity of its protagonist, the film grows as out of control as its washed up anti-hero.
A cop caper that more than lives up to its name.
Filth, another wild ride drawn from Irvine's fiction, will likely appeal only to diehard proponents of the writer's dystopian vision. Complicating the issue, though, is the performance of James McAvoy, which is nothing short of extraordinary
Filth ends up wheezing across the finish line, dragging a load of kinky juvenilia behind it.
Darkly funny. The best Irvine Welsh has been done on-screen since Trainspotting. James McAvoy is terrific.
Ultimately, the film is too nihilistic to believe its protagonist can be saved, declaring him a lost soul and satisfied to let him suffer.
Filth doesn't as much stare into the Abyss as eyeball it from across the room before sprinting over and licking it.
Filth's Hobbesian take on human behavior rings true but is always writ large...Sadly, write-director Jon S. Baird has lost much of the ingenuity of Welsh's 1998 source novel.
He plays this bad cop with such glee that you worry that McAvoy will never shake off a role this nasty
Does the Trainspotting style still work, 18 years later? Yes, but with caveats. Filth has considerably less empathy for its characters than its spiritual predecessor [...] which can make the film feel too cruel for school.
Filth is filthy fun.
For a film boasting only marginally fewer producers than it does speaking roles, there's something impressively unguarded about Filth.
Required to run the gamut from sympathetic, troubled victim of circumstance to sweaty, coke-fuelled rage monster, McAvoy is a horrifically enjoyable revelation.
James McAvoy eats up the excesses of the character, positively oozing with shameless relish as he uses his knack for fast talking and warped logic to paper over the fact that, down deep inside, he might actually have a conscience.
McAvoy, in a bad suit, rolls up his acting sleeves to play a study in deviousness and perversion and he does it brilliantly with just enough charm and humour...
Auto-erotic-asphyxiation, waves of whisky, mounds of cocaine; Filth does what it says on the tin.
The subject matter is ripe for a bold, original, dark and funny treatment, but director Jon S. Baird has so obviously tried to ape the style of Danny Boyle's Trainspotting that it's embarrassing.
McAvoy is fearless in the part, jettisoning all his nice-guy cred to depict this gassy, coke-snorting, bondage-loving, manipulative movie monster.
Dark, subversive, chaotic and confronting, Filth seems to have been enormous fun for the cast and crew, but I'm not sure if many audiences will revel in the filth that the title so openly warns us of.
If you aren't squeamish, Filth is a marvelously messed up festive flick that manages to be shocking, hilarious and ultimately quite poignant.
Filth is an ambitious project but it's one that Baird takes in his stride, as his directorial intentions are triumphant in their conviction.
...Filth, by not being quite as big and bad and ballsy as we'd hoped, left us unfulfilled.
McAvoy played Macbeth on stage not long after acting in Filth -- and you get the sense that Robertson was the perfect preparation for stepping on to Shakespeare's blasted heath.
James McAvoy gives his best performance to date as a morally and physically decaying detective in this hallucinogenic adaptation of Irvine Welsh's novel.
It feels less like a contemporary snap, more an old, dog-eared Polaroid.
McAvoy's powerhouse performance [lifts] the entire venture shoulder high, making this a solid silver medal winner in the Welsh-on-screen adaptation stakes.
While Sunshine On Leith will make you feel like floating away, Filth is cinema's equivalent of experiencing a heavy Scottish downpour - without your coat on.
Despite the bile and misanthropy, Baird and McAvoy pull off the impossible by humanising this human cesspit, through effective flashbacks and suggestions of past trauma that have produced Bruce in all his appalling glory.
Truly dirty work, in fact.
James McAvoy steals the show with his complex portrayal of a sociopath in this deftly directed, no-holds-barred black comedy.
McAvoy tackles the role with gusto, but it doesn't play to his strengths. He lacks stature.
For the first half-hour it's got a full-on horrible energy, but there isn't enough humour for it to qualify as comedy, and not enough reality or plausible characterisation to justify calling it any sort of procedural noir.
A major career refresh for James McAvoy who excels as an insanely crooked copper.
Raucously entertaining, darkly comic drama with lively, energetic direction, a superbly written, gloriously sleazy script, a terrific support cast and a powerful central performance from James McAvoy.
Drama has been mugged by melodrama. Posturing nihilism powers on, fatuously fantasticated whenever the realist impulse, feeble at best, flickers out altogether.
As another full-on Irvine Welsh adaptation Trainspotting did in 1996, this bracingly original movie puts a new filmmaker on the map.
I loved every minute of Filth, and couldn't have stomached another second of it.
There are no babies crawling on ceilings like in Welsh's Trainspotting, but Filth bears the same subversion and euphoria that made that 1996 film so iconic.
Ballsy, bonkers and certifiably brilliant.
A bulked-up James McAvoy dominates the screen in this razor-sharp Glasgow smile of a black comedy, packed with aberrant sex, hard drugs and maximum David Soul.
JAMES McAVOY gives a career-best performance in this jaw-dropping adaptation.
For the most part, Filth is savagely entertaining: a cathartic, darkly funny portrait of self-destruction.
The film grows increasingly demented and grotesque but beneath the desire to offend lurks an old-fashioned morality tale.
You'll be scraping this film out from under your fingernails for weeks.
Its sheer sense of savage presentation of an Edinburgh police riven by office politics, corruption, drugs, drink and sex helps give the film a must-see cult quality.
Dark, depraved and deeply funny, it sees director Jon S. Baird capturing Welsh's spirit, from its relentless pace to its soaring soundtrack.
As a movie experience it is both gruelling and transcendent, but its best scenes can prey on your mind for days.
Detective Bruce Robertson is a diabolically unpleasant anti-hero, but somehow McAvoy and writer-director Jon S. Baird makes us feel sympathy for the devil.
Easily the best film adaptation of an Irvine Welsh novel since Trainspotting, it features a terrific central performance from James McAvoy as Bruce Robertson.

@highlight

Warped, grimy, and enthusiastically unpleasant, Filth lives up to its title splendidly.