Messy but quite amusing portrait of the Internationally celebrated Russian silent filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein.
Greenaway has tempered the delight in packing his digitally modified compositions that made Prospero's Books so overwhelming, but that's not saying much.
Beautiful and bold, rebellious and riotous, its sexual frankness puts E.L. James in the shade.
Greenaway's film suffers from an ability to reign in its own excess.
The main character preferences, in the creative process of the portrait that builds Greenaway, is anything but conventional. [Full review in Spanish]
Eisenstein in Guanajuato certainly bursts out with a picaresque energy and voluminous scale that is as impressive as anything Greenaway has made in a long time.
It's never quite as funny or stylistically insightful as it thinks.
Formally dazzling, emotionally empty.
As always with Greenaway, the dialogue tends towards the florid and the intellectual. Nevertheless, he remains a master image-maker and an irrepressible subversive.
Peter Greenaway's latest, Eisenstein in Guanajuato, may not be up everyone's street, and even fans may find the self-indulgent longueurs towards the end of the film too much. Still, the premise is interesting.
Greenaway's devotion and cinephilia shine through. A fascinatingly vehement and intense movie.
As the bushy haired Russian filmmaker, Elmer Bäck looks and behaves like Harpo Marx. It's an intriguing performance which captures its subject's humour, prurience and his visionary qualities.
Needless to say Eisenstein in Guanajuato, like Marmite, will elicit drastically divergent reactions.
It's art with a capital A, and also a lot of fun.
A messy, hectic, fitfully amusing film-nerd farce.
It's clearly artificial, but it generates an emotional response. Sergei Eisenstein himself would have approved.
To be sure, Greenaway's sensibilities may not be for everyone, but in the years to come, this is an artist whose work will be studied. It's a pleasure seeing him come out to play.
Greenaway borrows [the idea of montage] like a kid who discovered 64 Crayolas next to a pot of coffee.
Greenaway's madcap style involves quick cuts, scenes changing from black and white to color, split-screen effects and eye-popping visuals that tend to overwhelm. The effect is initially giddy but it ultimately wears the viewer down.
Fans of Greenaway's work - a mix of the brainy, the controversial and the grotesque - won't necessarily be surprised by any of this. They may, however, be disappointed at how little of it actually works.
Greenaway deliver[s] his most enjoyable film in nearly thirty years.
Eisenstein is embodied by the fabulous Elmer Bäck, who gallops at the role in the way Liberace might have plunged into a haberdashers.
The style is stilted and sexually explicit, and Greenaway doesn't quite manage to make the intriguing subject maintain interest.
This interpretation may not be strictly factual, but it's a persuasive narrative and it brings out the strongest instincts in Greenaway, whose most popular movie remains "The Cook, the Thief, His Wife and Her Lover."
The film's hyperactivity ultimately wears you down. Is it possible to give a movie Ritalin? "Eisenstein in Guanajuato" makes you want to try.
Greenaway gets lost in his own panache, allowing the narrative to unravel.
Greenaway has shown little fear in the past of depicting conflicted sexuality and explicit male nudity and homosexual activity, so why stop now? Dialogue remains a blunt instrument amid Greenaway's superlative, ever-innovative visual palette.
...not my cup a tea, but you have to applaud Greenaway's style, attention to the details and passion for his subject matter.
Greenaway tries his best to do justice to the grandiosity of Eisenstein's films, while also utilizing his own style. But the process only exhausts the audience and adds little to the story.
This unusually feeling-driven Greenaway movie still isn't for everybody, but that feels right, too. He's been able to make his art the way he's wanted to for decades - like EIG, that's a fitting tribute to a troubled, glorious iconoclast.
Greenaway ... hasn't made a really good film in a quarter-century, so the disappointments of "Eisenstein in Guanajuato" come as no surprise.
The movie gleefully demolishes the cliché of a great artist as a brooding, omniscient eminence.
Greenaway's boundary-pushing, breathlessly in-your-face approach begins to take its toll on viewer patience, resulting in Eisenstein not being the only one to ultimately lose interest in his bold Mexican odyssey.
A film by a cineaste for cineastes, "Eisenstein" ... reveals less about the filmmaker's style behind the camera than between the sheets.
Eisenstein in Guanajuato is far from a subtle picture, and hardly what you'd call to everyone's taste, but it certainly doesn't lack for enthusiasm, vision or style.
What Greenaway does, however, at times quite magnificently-together with regular collaborators, DP Reinier van Brummelen and editor Elmer Leupen-is to expand on the visual and rhythmic vocabulary of what we think of as the "Greenaway film."
Excessive, chaotic, cartoonish and far too noisily salacious.
Greenaway's obsessions with sex, food, and vengeance sometimes cover up the fact that he has no idea how to explain why people want anything, but not here.
Eisenstein in Guanajuato can be enjoyed from different angles, ranging from a critical biopic of a filmmaker and social and sexual discourse, to a fascinating visual experiment. [Full review in Spanish]
What comes through clearly by the end of the film is the act of one artist's eccentric generosity breathing new awareness into the life of another.
A great homage to cinema Peter Greenaway style. [Full review in Spanish]
The most intereting part of the film is its story and all the visual resources Greenaway uses to tell it. [Full review in Spanish]
The staging is so excessive as its useless to hold the film from falling apart. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie so torn apart by its aspirations and the way it's built that it's hard to tell if that was the intention or simply lack of budget or interest. [Full review in Spanish]
Not even Greenaway's obvious fascination for his protagonist can save this awful movie. [Full review in Spanish]
You can't help but feel that the film could've been so much more. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the most spectacular films in visual terms you've seen in decades. [Full review in Spanish]
Greenaway takes some creative liberties and experiments with some visual elements to show us the crazyness and homosexuality of the genius director. [Full review in Spanish]
More than just a bunch of references or a provocative story, Eisenstein in Guanajuato in an homaje to the Russian filmmaker. [Full review in Spanish]
Greenaway's habitual approach is perfect for this material, constantly externalizing the director's ideas about Eisenstein's life and work and the way the two are connected in a way that speaks directly -- often quite literally -- to the audience.
Greenaway has wrought an outrageously unconventional and deliriously profane biopic that could take decades to be duly appreciated.
Alas, despite a bravely revealing performance by Finnish actor Elmer Back as the cantankerous Russian auteur, the result is a wearying parade of exposition couched in interminable lines of dialogue, split-screen triptychs, [and] artsy CGI trickery.
Master British provocateur Peter Greenaway decided to fill the gaps in this strange tale, focusing on the wild-haired Russian's out-and-loving-it dalliance with his local guide, the too perfectly named Palomino Cañedo.

@highlight

Eisenstein in Guanajuato is certainly bold, but its provocations aren't always enough to overcome a lack of depth and clear narrative purpose.