... Everything we argue about today has direct callbacks to the concerns Jacobs raised more than 50 years ago.
Citizen Jane shows that it is possible to come out victorious-even if said victory is only a Pyrrhic one.
Citizen Jane: Battle for the City is an unlikely redefinition of the story of David versus Goliath.
Guess what? You can fight City Hall. Matt Tyrnauer's excellent documentary, Citizen Jane: Battle for the City, shows how it's done, a call to arms that could not be more timely in this chaotic political moment.
Citizen Jane stands as a tribute to Jacobs and an encouragement to those who believe that lively, enriching serendipity -- which may look like chaos -- never should be planned out of existence.
Their entertaining slugfest is played against the larger backdrop over the battle of visions about what makes a great city.
While Citizen Jane is prescribed by a very specific time and place, it does offer up some tactics for the continuing struggle to preserve the idea that cities should be for everyone and not simply those who can afford to live there.
A bracing, insightful study of how cities are made and sometimes destroyed.
Like his previous film, Valentino: The Last Emperor, about the famous fashion designer, director Matt Tyrnauer takes on a fascinating subject yet mostly consolidates existing information without adding much to our knowledge base.
A plucky intellectual takes on New York's most powerful builder in Citizen Jane: Battle for the City, an engrossing documentary that details a historical conflict that is being repeated around the world today.
A timely warning against big-block buildings with empty ground-floor shop units, nonetheless.
Tyrnauer uses a ton of archival footage to tell his story, and brings it in at a brisk 92 minutes.
She was also one tough cookie who appreciated a good fight. A bit more internal tussle would have both better honored her spirit and made for a better documentary.
Most good documentaries are powered by conflict, and you couldn't ask for a struggle more elemental or relevant to our time than the one chronicled in Citizen Jane: Battle for the City.
[It] feels like a visualized term paper.
Battles over the future of New York City are at the center of the richly informative and well-crafted documentary, Citizen Jane: Battle for the City.
This straightforward and bracingly optimistic documentary explains the ways that shaping politics and wielding power can ease urban decline or inflate it.
It's his depiction of the adversarial relationship between those making decisions and those affected by them that hits home.
It's a good film for lovers of New York, but even they might find monotony in its reliance on library footage of street scenes.
A celebration of grassroots activism and a cry for community, this should appeal to those interested in the history and politics of urbanisation as well as architecture nerds.
It's Jane Jacobs' vision you come away admiring, as well as her determination to fight back.
As a David and Goliath story, the film is hugely entertaining.
Jacobs' unrelenting thirst for change stays with you.
As the world's urban population grows by more than one million every week, so does the resonance of this documentary about a New Yorker who campaigned in the 1960s against the inhuman and brutal scale of new housing.
What is ostensibly a niche subject matter is rendered very watchable due, in part, to how much of what Jacobs passionately advocated half a century ago is still very much at the forefront of many concerned urbanites.
Emerging from the well-chosen clips, Jacobs and Moses seem like opposites, but the film prefers to imply rather than dwell on any great differences. At its absorbing heart are conflicting ideas of how urban life should be organised.
Reinforces how racially and culturally insensitive many of these developments have historically been.
The movie is scored like a thriller, seemingly building to some terrifying conclusion. And, in a way, it does ...
[A] bracing, invigorating documentary.
Movies thrive on the clash of titans, and in Matt Tyrnauer's new documentary Citizen Jane: Battle for the City we have a peach.
Wry but not dry, its nimble use of archive footage and chewy interviews expands the film into a thoughtful examination of what (and who) cities are for.
In the context of today's stymied political trench wars, there is inspiration to be found in Jacobs' example of local activism, original thinking, and rational argument blossoming into useful change.
The film's focus sprawls like an unchecked suburb, scratching the surface of topics from institutional racism to gentrification to community organizing to the birth of a white-collar economy.
A fascinating and surprisingly dramatic and topical affair.
Whether you are familiar with Jacobs' ideas or are a newcomer, this documentary merits 92 minutes of your time.
Anyone seeking a demonstration of how completely orthodoxy and heresy can change places need look no further than the brisk documentary "Citizen Jane: Battle for the City."
It's a complicated tale, and at 92 minutes, the film is a very brief summary. But it's a story that needs telling, as Tyrnauer proves ...
Tyrnauer transforms what could be a staid profile film into an urgent story about the dangers of "urban renewal," something Jacobs herself would admire.
In aspritely edited feature, Tyrnauer pushes his audience to make the connection between the turbulent growth spurts of the 1950s and 1960s with today's political aspirations.
Citizen Jane takes on an invigorating richness as it delves into issues of sexism (Jacobs, a respected journalist, was often painted by her foes as an angry mother), economic despair and the complex idea of the "master builder."
Jacobs argued that what looks to officialdom like disorder is actually what makes a crowded human landscape function - it's just a more complex order. This compelling documentary lets you see the beauty she found in that complexity.
A documentary that should be seen by anyone interested in the future of cities -- especially those as fraught with housing problems as Vancouver -- Citizen Jane is a fascinating call to arms for urban dwellers who don't mind fighting city hall.
Does not quite get to the social contradictions of New York that have turned it into a theme park for hedge fund magnates, but it does serve to show how big capital was fought by Jane Jacobs in the early 60s.
An exciting and enlightening documentary about an urban visionary's legacy.
[A] gorgeous, tightly written and entertaining film.
The film takes us through not just Jacobs's opposition to untrammelled, car-centric construction - starting with a plan to push streets through Washington Square - but also the kind of thinking that drove her activism.
It's a story that needs periodic retelling, and Mr. Tyrnauer has heightened the human drama by focusing on Jacobs, an improbable David to Moses's Goliath.
Anyone interested in the way cities work should ... go to see this.
Only intermittently stimulating.
The key to this excellent documentary about writer and activist Jane Jacobs in New York City is the way it visually expresses the ideas in her groundbreaking book The Death And Life Of Great American Cities.
A prickly pocket dissertation on urbanism centered on the titanic fight for New York waged by agitating writer Jane Jacobs and authoritarian city planner Robert Moses.
It's not just about either of these fascinating people, either; it's about the problems and questions that plague our cities to this day, and the battles that are still being fought there.
A fascinating documentary captures the showdown, half a century ago, between the activist Jane Jacobs and the Trumpian urban planner Robert Moses: a fight for the future of New York.

@highlight

Citizen Jane: Battle for the City offers a compelling overview of an influential activist's importance -- and underscores why the spirit of her work remains crucial today.