One might begin to wonder if the franchise is running out of steam - until an amazing last quarter hour which, even with OTT promises in place, manages to turn all the dials one higher.
To give this film a decent score would be an insult to the many low-budget features out there that scrape every penny they can find together to produce something good.
So wacky I almost fell asleep.
So clumsy was Sharknado 3, it seemed slapped together by someone with dorsal fins rather than opposable thumbs.
Here's one thing that's rarely complained about in a review: The acting and dialogue in Oh Hell No! are not bad enough. Partially, this can be credited to less screen time for Tara Reid.
Though Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! delivers bigger stakes, more sharks, more gore, more cameos, and more interaction with its viewers, the third installment to the series is a serious departure from what was appealing about the original.
This is the sequel that chokes by stuffing itself with endless, self-indulgent cameos. This is the sequel that prioritizes product placement, which is so blatant that it becomes a joke in and of itself before it loops back around to insulting.
At around the hour mark, I was checking the clock frequently and despairing for how I spend my time. Unlike the first two movies, it didn't feel like I was participating in a Sharknado night. It felt like I was subjecting myself to it.
All I know is that you'll have fun for a hot minute and then gradually start to seriously question how you're prioritizing your life. The true "Sharknado Effect."
Perfectly likable characters, played by fondly remembered former stars, are dispatched bloodily.
There is a line of defense the movie throws up, a sort of camouflage, in which the purposely bad is blended with the actually bad, that makes the critic want to pack up his typewriter and repair despairing to the bar.
You'd better like seeing fake sharks munch on people's extremities if you plan to enjoy Sharknado 3.
Halfway through - right about the time a character loses his limbs one by one while trying to take heroic action - the mojo that makes these absurd movies a hoot kicks in and Sharknado 3 becomes the insane event viewers anticipate.
If Sharknado 2 was the sort of thing you legitimately enjoyed, then Sharknado 3 has simply taken the effective satirical elements of that formula and refined them even further.
Propelled by theme music that mimics a frantic Ramones song, Sharknado 3 succeeds on the strength of its speed.
The real sign that Sharknado 3 is beating a dead horse - or shark - into a fine paste is the fact that none of this feels fresh, new or remotely funny anymore.
If you've seen one shark fall from the sky, you've seen them all.
Sure "Sharknado" is bad and -- sure -- we expect nothing less.
In the end, Sharknado 3-like the CGI monsters that are its true stars-is the beast that it is: single-minded, greedy and ravenous. But for all that, it can still be a lovely creature.
Given the real-life shark attacks making big news this summer, Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! may seem even more redundant than usual.
Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! rolls through Wednesday night with a noticeably weakened potency and very little camp potential left in its twirl. I'd be surprised if it triggers any warning louder than a sigh.
Now that we know what to expect from this franchise Sharknado 3 isn't as fun as the original, but still worth one more trip on the crazy train. I desperately want to spoil the amazing, ridiculous ending,
By this stage, the joke is beyond played-out.
Sharknado 3 merely creates tedium as it repeats the same gags within a framework that somehow manages to make - yes, it is possible - even less sense than its amusingly mindless predecessors.
The SyFy channel's annual exercise in nonsense... is as over the top and enjoyably bad as ever. Maybe even more so.
It's raining sharks again in this tongue-in-cheek gorefest.
It's fair to say that all this "so bad it's good" often descends (or rises?) into simply not good at all, but it's worth sticking with Sharknado 3 to guffaw and gawk at the movie's wildly over-the-top closing moments.
The best way to soak in the experience is to let it wash over you like a shark-infested summer storm.
The pun is as fitting as it is inevitable, so let's go ahead and get it out of the way: Sharknado 3 has definitely jumped the shark.
Don't worry; the ending of Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No!... will not break the Internet. Because it will leave everyone who sees it speechless.
The only truly terrifying aspect of this creature feature is its relentless product placement, hawking a certain studio's theme park while showcasing the stars of Today.
Whatever was cute about the first Sharknado... has been blown away amid a tide of corporate synergy, as well as pointless sort-of celebrity cameos.
The Sharknado universe is expanding exponentially like the Mad Max world.

@highlight

Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! bites off more than it can chew, leaving viewers with an overlong mess that isn't even bad enough to be good.