It's all a waste, and at best, I hope these actors learned to pick better films in the future.
It's almost like the hype surrounding an exciting WWE main event, where the journey is book-ended by filler
... Fist Fight is a pass.
Barring one funny 911 call, it's awful.
Somebody punch me.
Lowbrow? That they can do. Serious satire? That escapes them.
The juvenile comedy, starring Ice Cube and Charlie Day as high-school teachers set to rumble at day's end, weakly satirizes our immature, primitive urges.
Pretty much just a remake of "Three O'Clock High," this time around it's amped up to a lighter tone and steeped in hazy intentions.
Authority figures acting like destructive, temperamental children? These days, it just feels too close to home.
Some of Fist Fight's jokes along the way didn't land, but the ones that did worked surprisingly well, creating a well-structured comedy with strong performances.
...a perfectly amiable comedy that runs a rather brisk 91 minutes (which in itself is something that should be commended).
Here is a film that continually squanders its cast and your time.
Comes together with the colour and energy of someone who is excited about their concept and in a rush to get everything on the screen, though that's not particularly a positive development.
Screenwriters Van Robichaux, Evan Susser, and Max Greenfield raise the satirical ante with a nicely jaundiced view of the school, which is underfunded, riven by office politics, and teetering on the brink of anarchy.
Sadly I can't think of anyone who would find Fist Fight terribly funny.
This Hollywood clunker, in which Charlie Day and Ice Cube play teachers who come to blows, simply isn't funny.
Disgusting. It's a straight-faced argument in favor of macho posturing and workplace violence, with little to no laughs (Splice Today)
With its bullying mob mentality and inexplicable character motivation, this is film-making for people who watch YouTube clips of happy-slapping for kicks.
The final bell couldn't come fast enough.
Keen makes the transition from small to big screen with ease, his experience of episodic comedy keeping a tight rein on proceedings, but it's the sharp gags of writers Van Robichaux and Evan Susser that move the story along at a rattling pace.
All the amusement value of a smack in the mouth.
The film features a lot of that specifically American semi-improvised style of comedic acting where the actors act as though they've either forgotten what they're about to say, or have suddenly remembered it.
If you've ever wanted to see a squeaky-voiced actor get punched in the face, then Fist Fight has your name written all over it.
It's notable only for the deeply shabby way it treats Mad Men's Christina Hendricks and for its extremely odd penchant for child-abuse jokes.
This fitful timewaster doubles rowdily down on all its flimsy-to-questionable ideas.
One to miss.
Someone should have stopped this ill-matched fight before it even got started.
Ultimately, Fist Fight chucks the opportunity for some serious satire and social commentary for cheap laughs.
Fist Fight is a crude and foul-mouthed comedy whose most notable feature is its utter pessimism about the American high school system.
Even with it being occasionally entertaining thanks to its two leads and some humorous dialogue exchanges, its all rather foolish and forgettable.
Worse of all is the sheer lack of plot, and meaning - and of course when dealing with an irreverent comedy of this nature that's hardly the prevalent aspect, but to be quite so thin narratively proves detrimental to proceedings.
Director Keen made a solid comedy with Fist Fight.
C+ gags and D- supporting characters sabotage the final grade, but a perma-livid Cube is the star pupil and the brutal playground punch-up doesn't disappoint.
Pits a white and black colleague against each other in a film light on social commentary and heavy on crude humour.
A strong contender for both 'Worst Film' and 'Least Funny Comedy' of 2017.
"Fist Fight" is the result of a script by two first-time feature writers and it shows. Jokes, or what are supposed to be jokes, flow quickly and some hit their mark
Charlie Day and Ice Cube will live to crack wise another day. "Fist Fight," on the other hand, is where laughter goes to die.
By one way of looking at it, Fist Fight might be seen as a timely nightmare -- not about bullying but being downsized. For that reason alone, it's not a complete waste of time. Also it features a rampaging horse on meth.
Ice Cube shows himself once again as one of the most underrated actors in movies -- but maybe that's because he keeps making movies like this.
Cult status beckons.
It doesn't help that neither leading man is much of a comic force in his own right.
It's just too... bad Keen doesn't strive to ascend higher peaks of lunacy in a film designed to do so.
The middle hour takes such a laughless nosedive that you'll wish they just cut out that 60 minutes and slapped the remaining 30 on TV.
The plotting of Fist Fight is so bare-bones it borders on skeletal.
The jokes are mostly of Andy shrieking in terror following a threat of physical violence from Ron, because violence is what director Richie Keen thinks is funny.
Fist Fight is a mixed bag. The film is amusing without ever becoming the side-splitter it obviously wants to be.
Bogged down by extraneous characters and gratuitous swearing, but the film's energetic, almost cartoonish mania wins us over in the end.
The sharpest thing here is how WB marketers hyped it as a real after-school slugfest. You remember the days: 'Hey, Jones and Tiny are fighting by the flagpole at 4 o'clock.' Otherwise, it's just another lame Ice Cube or Charlie Day comedy.
More galling and tedious than funny, this quasi-re-imagining of the 1987 high school film, Three O'Clock High, proves that it's entirely possible for a remake of a bad movie to be worse than its inspiration.
Aggressive in its insistence on being as awful as possible.
The film has a confidence about it that I quite liked, and it's populated with gifted comic performers who are given some legitimately funny scenes. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Painful to watch, and the first half of the movie is so unwieldy it fails to deliver any punches at all.
The storyline feels as if little has progressed since the initial pitch meeting, and the dialogue sounds as if someone pasted expletives in the place of the punctuation marks.
Day's the runt, Cube is the bully, and for a punishing 91 minutes of rank idiocy we wait in vain for something funny to happen.
Instead of a timely satire on the burdens of teachers in contemporary public schools, the film defaults to low-brow gags that feel completely detached from reality.
The insipid high school comedy Fist Fight celebrates and exploits the very ideas that it should be ridiculing for comic effect.
There are better ways to spend your time. Like getting in a fist fight.
Every cast member gets at least one big laugh -- Nanjiani's is so weirdly great they repeat it a handful of times in the closing bloopers -- and the whole thing is over before it has a chance to get old.
Fist Fight may be as slight as a half-hour sitcom comedy, but enough of its R-Rated jokes hit their target to sustain the movie's brisk runtime.
Fist Fight is a high-concept, intentionally outrageous comedy that somehow works.
Terrible messages about masculinity ruin comedy's jokes.
Fist Fight isn't there to make you think, but to make you laugh, and it mostly does.
A consistently intelligent (or at least bright), coherently constructed comedy that is on occasion a rather pointed critique of the American education system in the early 21st century.
Just doesn't seem particularly inspired.
Welcome to the worst movie of 2017. And 2016. And possibly several years before that.
As painful as a throat punch.
Goes from harmlessly bad to a full embrace of the very aggro-bully mindset some have currently confused for a mandate. It's the cinematic equal to a certain someone's awkward, yanking handshake. Plant your feet firmly against it. Don't get pulled in.
Uneven but worthwhile due to a strong last act.
This train wreck's sole saving grace? It might make people watch the '80s classic 'Three O'clock High' again.
The movie is filled with funny people. Unfortunately, it is bereft of funny ideas.
Represents a missed opportunity, given the talents of this charismatic and game cast.
The first rule of Fist Fight should be that we don't talk about Fist Fight.
"Fist Fight" is so terminally unpleasant that it feels like the audience is the one catching a beating. In this fight, there are only losers.
A completely stupid movie even by this genre's low standards.
Vulgar, brutal, surreal and extremely funny.
One more vehicle in which filmmakers rely on the improvisational skills of their cast to fill out a one-note idea.
Fist Fight gets a passing grade even if it doesn't earn full honors thanks to the performances of its two leads
The path to the ending is littered with dick jokes, but Fist Fight makes the early hardships worthwhile.
So ugly, so mean-spirited, so bereft of laughs, I found myself rooting for a technical malfunction if only to catch a momentary breather.
Sometimes silly comedies actually have something to say. Fist Fight is not one of them.
It takes place in a world that is intended to be funny but is repellent in every way.
This movie is such a complete dud that even the bloopers over the closing credits are as funny as a puppy's funeral.
A boisterously funny and enjoyable ride that works so well because of its leads.
It did give me something I needed. Not catharsis or uplift but a bracing dose of profane, sloppy, reasonably well-directed hostility. We take what we can get.
Unpleasant characters, moronic jokes, a paper-thin plot and a disingenuous message that pretends to excuse all the repetitive vulgarity that preceded it.
[Day] succeeds, however, at carrying the film, partly through sympathetic wretchedness and partly through sheer energy.
You'll laugh, but you'll hate yourself in the morning.
If your humour tastes are slightly more refined than a 16-year-old's, you're going to feel like you went 12 rounds with a couple of infantile jokesters.
For much of its fast-paced running time, the film ... is just amusing enough to make up for its sheer preposterousness; it operates in such a seemingly far-fetched world that logic is out the window at pretty much hello.
There's an ugliness to its language and hyper-aggression that works against the comedy and leaves a sour aftertaste.
The movie becomes repetitive pretty quickly...
A relentlessly-profane romp which might have set a record for the use of the F-word. Since the closing tableau sets up the sequel, might I suggest that the next installment cut down on the curses in favor of more jokes.
A typical contemporary R-rated comedy, confusing coarseness for humor and nastiness for smarts.
If your head is already in the gutter when you walk into the theater, then you will have a splendid time watching the insanity gradually unfold.
The laziest kind of comedy, and a waste of time for everyone involved, including the audience.
It won't satisfy everyone, but this wouldn't be a worthwhile R-rated comedy if it didn't take some risks.
Thin, insincere, and weirdly aggressive with raunchy humor, "Fist Fight" is many things, but amusing isn't one of them.
High concept meets lowest common denominator comedy in Fist Fight, a schoolhouse farce that has nothing to teach about entertaining the masses.
The fight itself is actually well-staged - several minutes of inventive physical comedy. The stuff that precedes it - an hour or so of low-hanging raunch -- may leave you feeling more beat-up than upbeat.
That Ice Cube's authoritatively mean presence and Day's comically scratchy whine are singular gifts you rapidly grow tired of is just one of the joy-sapping hallmarks in this freshman feature debut from TV director Richie Keen.
This is a case of a film with a threadbare premise handling its actors and material with such assurance that it performs like a cockeyed jewel.
90 minutes of manic banter about a nothing plot.
By far the most disheartening studio-produced movie in recent memory, setting an abysmal example for anyone who goes to school (or the movies, for that matter) still hoping to learn.
Ugh. What a pestilential little picture is "Fist Fight."
Fist Fight may be all about feuding faculty members, but the jokes are downright sophomoric... and sparse.
There's little to Fist Fight that distinguishes itself, and it's the kind of comedy that's good for the odd laugh every few minutes, but also dissipates from memory almost as soon as it ends.
Over-stuffed and under-conceived, Fist Fight is a clumsy mélange of clashing comedic perspectives.
Nerd English teacher faces off against a bully in this easygoing, underachieving comedy.
Fist Fight is a series of dick jokes that undermine the title's titular fight, never landing the knock-out blow that comedy fans are tuning in to see.
"Fist Fight" is a loud, broad, meandering, overcompensating misfire.
It's stupid, mindless, and crude, but I laughed throughout and admittedly can't wait to watch it again.
Winds up passing its modest assignment: It takes your mind off everything - you know, except for Betsy DeVos.
Evidence would suggest that it's the creators of this rope-a-dopey farce who took too many blows to the head.
96 minutes of Charlie Day in full screech...Who wants to see that?
Cast of familiar faces gives old-school Hollywood idea a fresh shine(r).
The humdrum run-up to the main event feels every bit like director Richie Keen and the writers picturing how funny an intra-faculty beatdown would be, then fumbling their way backward from there.
Nothing that happens in Fist Fight suggests any relationship to the realities of money or the human body, or even the basic rules of space and time. But who cares, right?
Once you get past the premise, there's not a lot farther to go.
Vulgar, unbalanced and short on laughs, Fist Fight entertains when the actual fight begins, but the rest just doesn't work. [Full review in Spanish]
It doesn't matter if it's "just a comedy" when so much of the humor is at the expense of the movie's meaning.

@highlight

Fist Fight boasts a surplus of comedic muscle but flails lazily, and far too few of its jokes land with enough force to register.