A sombre, low-key, male mid-life crisis drama, full of meaningful glances, unspoken resentment and underlying regret.
Breathe In is at times melancholic and at others, too precious, which makes for a shaky film with some very good scenes.
Midlife crises, affairs, teen drinking, sex in indie drama.
A soft, pretty score and noteworthy camera work -- often close on the actors' hands or faces -- help keep this low-key film engrossing.
[Doremus] telegraphs the film's intentions early and builds at a ponderous, self-important pace toward a trite, unsatisfying finish.
Jones, outstanding as the other woman in Fiennes's "The Invisible Woman," seems adrift here and Ryan's Megan projects no desires past maintaining the status quo.
The screen sparkles with the sexual tension between Guy Pearce and Felicity Jones...
A film about a May-December romance, it would be laborious to sit through at any time of year.
There's something flimsy and unformed at these characters' cores, something that no amount of jumpy close-ups, skittering sideways glances, and rainy music can make up for.
Fine performances barely make up for this melodrama's narrative bankruptcy.
It takes all of 10 minutes for Doremus' film to reveal itself to us: this is a movie about a conflicted father who has arrived at a crossroads, both morally and artistically.
Buoyed by some nicely nuanced performances (especially by Pearce and Amy Ryan as his dream-dashing wife), Breathe In never quite rises above its predictable potboiler premise.
It does everything it should, except take your breath away.
Every moment between stars Guy Pearce and Felicity Jones feels so much like an explosion about to go off that viewers may hesitate to so much as take a breath at the wrong time for fear of disturbing the film's delicate equilibrium.
A breathy tale of a not-quite love affair, Drake Doremus' "Breathe In" is yet another skillfully acted indie drama that's never quite good enough to be memorable.
The superb acting can't turn narrative lead into gold with this story about the attraction of a foreign-exchange student pianist to her married host and teacher.
The film needs more help than it gets from the script, which turns on facile coincidence and dwindles in originality as it moves toward its climax.
Although Jones and Pearce are interesting when onscreen alone, their chemistry is slightly off.
Pearce and Jones manage to engage in a will-they-or-won't-they pas de deux that at times approaches the intensity of the most white-knuckled thriller.
Enough with the dramas about frustrated older men seeking a second chance at life and love through a barely legal girl. Please.
Falters with a bland and predictable emotional connection.
Breathe In may telegraph where it's going late in the game and these irrational decisions might make for some frustrated viewers, but it is without a doubt one of the most emotionally poignant and heartbreaking movies we saw at Sundance last year.
Jones and Pearce do the best they can with the hackneyed material, but even they aren't immune to this painfully slight and remarkably forgettable film.
There are some perceptive character-driven moments in this earnest domestic drama, yet this is familiar territory and the deliberately paced result gradually strains credibility and becomes less profound.
Doremus' beautifully shot, naturalistic style means there are no soap-opera hysterics, and he gets strong performances from all involved...But it's hard to get over the fact that Jones, who was born in 1983, is far too old to play a high school student.
Drake Doremus and his writing partner Ben York Jones' working method is unorthodox... and earlier films have established them as a creative team who have much on the ball...
Felicity Jones, who is actually 30, makes Sophie both irresistible and real, a somewhat open book of wonder and innate wisdom.
Despite its title's implied urge to relax, refresh, recharge, "Breathe In" remains just a little too calm - and ultimately airless.
Dull, dumb and devoid of any passion, Breathe In is an unconvincing romance that squanders its talented cast.
Breathe In is all simmer, no boil, despite an abrupt, overwrought, agonizing emotional climax that's too much, too late.
"Breathe In" is a good enough movie that you wish the screenplay had further fleshed out its characters and relationships and emerged as more than a skillful sketch.
Grows tedious...by the close the breathing has become, shall we say, more than a little labored.
a belabored exercise that literally leaves us in the same place we began
It's a maddening mix of realistic characters, fine performances, ponderous pacing and oppressive mood lighting, none of which serve to cover up one central, glaring problem: a romance that never feels real.
This indie drama by Drake Doremus impressed me with the amount of mileage it gets from the simple premise without the affair even being consummated.
Benefits tremendously from contributions by Pearce and Jones, allowing the screenplay to seize a full sense of deliberation and impulse, fighting the writing for a welcome sense of authenticity.
There's low-key, and then there's limp.
The choices and heartache all unfold exactly as everyone knows they will, with choice delivered as a luxury that committed adults don't always have. You don't say!
Sometimes, when it comes to getting across specific themes or ideas, creating a mood can do even more than developing a story or writing dialogue.
The May-December romance is an overworked genre, but steady hands guide this one with intelligence to a sad but satisfactory conclusion.
Top performances by Guy Pearce and Felicity Jones ... make the film emotionally rich.
The film boasts a solid visual style and strong performances to at first ignore the inevitable - and boring - other plot contrivances clearly at work. But they set in, alas.
Not that May-December romances can't be compelling, but it's hard to root for a guy in his forties to find the courage to make time with a barely legal girl, no matter how dissatisfied he is with his life.
At every possible turn, the film chooses to take the dumbest and most reductive path. It remains semi-watchable nonetheless, which is a testament to the skill of its four lead actors, who valiantly struggle to remain truthful.
Well-acted and pretty, but slow and kind of PG-13 pervy, too.
It's a pity so much deadly serious effort has gone into something that isn't very original or exciting in the first place.
Seemingly high-brow because it's so low-key, but underneath that veneer is an inert, thinly plotted melodrama premised on trite characterizations that would be offensive if they weren't so absurd.
Doremus opts for a slow boil compared to his previous film's passionate whirlwind, while maintaining a sense of intimacy and urgency magnified by Jones and Guy Pearce's soulful performances.
After chosing her roles wisely, brilliant Felicity [Jones] is right at the point where her film career is set to really take off.
Older man, younger woman? This could easily be clichéd or icky, or worse. Fortunately, Doremus handles the pair's relationship with restraint and his leads, improvising their dialogue, deliver terrific performances.
The film, for all its Lolita-esque potential, is remarkably chaste. The pair's magnetism is driven less by lust than the will to escape everything they see as holding them back. It is never exactly clear who is leading and who is being led.
Dear Penthouse Forum: I am an ordinary high school teacher, happily married. I never thought anything like this would happen when we hosted a beautiful, brilliant British foreign exchange student...
This is the kind of movie conceived as a tasteful attraction for people who consider themselves superior to the similar but vulgar Richard Dreyfuss vehicle Mr Holland's Opus. Give me Mr Holland any day.
The performances are excellent. The script is a dud.
A very controlled, well-executed picture in which the flash of passion never quite arrives.
Doremus is aware of the evocative power of light, capturing the sensuousness of a warm summer night or the intimacy of a pale, misty rain that wraps around the house like a blanket.
The whole thing unspools at such an unremittingly earnest pitch that it leaves you groping under your seat for a ventilator.
The plotting is a little too neat but the acting is first rate and Doremus side-steps obvious cliches in the unfolding attraction between older man and younger woman.
It's a strikingly authentic chronicle of forbidden love and one that never lapses into melodrama or hits a false note.
What swings it are irresistible performances from Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce.
There are halting verbal exchanges, half-smiles and Pearce gazing wistfully out of windows (mourning his youth), all of which creates a dreamy, seductive atmosphere.
Delicate in its portrayal of a shifting family dynamic, this is another film to mark Doremus out as a talent to watch.
Startling, bewitching and utterly beguiling to watch.
It may not sound much, but it's a rare drama confident enough to offer a portrait of normality, then let things elegantly unravel.
Doremus just can't seem to tease out psychologically interesting performances from talented actors. Too bad.
A drably predictable effort which peters out with a whimper rather than a bang ...
A movie held together thanks to the performances delivered by Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce.
On the whole the film's sourness feels sophomoric - the attempt of a young director overly affected by American Beauty and The Ice Storm to seem worldly-wise ...
Emotionally engaging, enjoyable drama with a thoughtful script, composed direction and a pair of perfectly pitched performances from Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce ...
It's a simple refrain, and familiar, but played this well it resonates like a symphony.
A bit familar, but the acting is excellent- especially from Guy Pearce.
Director Drake Doremus confirms his knack for pinpointing subtle emotional tremors on fragile personal landscapes, even if some too-easy coincidences and pat dramatic moments chip away at the compressed story's credibility.
Breathe In comes ever so close to pulling an emotionally satisfying romance from what is, at its core, a rather pervy story.
It's difficult to pinpoint the exact moment at which Breathe In falls apart, mostly because hindsight reveals it was probably doomed all along.
While the plot -- too low-key to be called a thriller -- points toward obvious extramarital cliches, delicate changes in the overall mood reveal deeper truths likely to resonate with middle-aged arthouse patrons.
This delicate, melancholy love story steps right for much of its first two-thirds, but even when melodramatic contrivances break the spell near the finale, strong work from Guy Pearce and Like Crazy alum Felicity Jones draws us in at every moment.
It is a finely calibrated piece of work from one of the more talented US film-makers to emerge in recent years.

@highlight

Breathe In 's plot never quite sparks the way it should, but it remains thoroughly watchable thanks to strong performances from Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce.