Tongue-in-cheek humor that's kinda kinky around the edges.
O elenco é charmoso, mas o roteiro parece um primeiro tratamento em que as idéias ainda estão sem foco e o tom da narrativa, indefinido.
It's a harmless feel-good romantic comedy which offers a lot of cheap thrills and lowbrow comedy, but is too dysfunctional to stir up an orgasm.
...comfortable enough, but there are no fireworks.
full review in Greek
Comedies for grown-ups, period, are now in such short supply that a good-natured little picture like The Oh in Ohio feels like an anomaly.
A comedy that's never funny enough or clever enough.
A vibrator may put the buzz back in the solo sex life, but it tends to suck the life out of any movie not rated with three Xs.
Most of the 'comedy' has Posey bumbling through one embarrassingly unfunny situation after another.
Much like Priscilla's sexual difficulties, The OH in Ohio just doesn't satisfy.
About on the level of a freshman frat party.
Mischa Barton's acting is about as flat as her chest.
The Oh in Ohio's childish storytelling, paper-thin character development, and general unfunniness combine to make one bad movie.
The Oh in Ohio has a light, scampy spirit that rides to its rescue, often enough.
Posey's such a delight it's easy to appreciate her even in a film as fruitless as The Oh in Ohio.
I felt some of its heroine's pain. She's spent her life waiting for an orgasm. I spent the movie waiting for a plot.
It's like watching a bad '70s porno movie that has been sheared of its sex scenes and has nothing left but rudeness and genitalia jokes.
The script, which was co-written by director Billy Kent, has the forced 'raciness' of a mid-'70s dinner-theater sex comedy.
The Oh in Ohio would make a second-rate lover: You'll lose interest a while before it reaches its climax.
This is the slightest and slimmest of sex comedies.
At the end of the day, Kent and screenwriter Adam Wierzbianski have given us a mildly amusing premise, but fail to turn it into a story that takes us anywhere pleasurable.
The sexual nature of the film will attract the tweeny crowd but the summer/fall romance between Priscilla and Wayne is the real draw, thanks to [Danny] DeVito.
Sex comedies often glean laughs out of sexual humiliation, but when the laughs don't come -- and The Oh In Ohio is devoid of even the mildest chuckles -- all that's left is the humiliation.
Parker Posey is not the only one who isn't getting satisfaction here.
A C- sex comedy with a near A-list cast -- at least in terms of talent -- The Oh in Ohio is one of those movies that promises much but doesn't deliver.
Or more aptly, The Aw in Awful.
One must endure an hour of...crude gags until the film mutates into something almost wonderful in its final third, rescued by unlikely romantic foil Danny DeVito
Unfortunately, writer Adam Wierzbianski, who seems more steeped in the rhythm method of sitcom than the less predictable peaks of screwball, allows the batteries to run down prematurely.
It's a thrill to watch Posey incorporate, at last, some true emotion into her exuberant screwball wit.
The Oh in Ohio deserves a dubious distinction award: for turning a woman's quest to achieve her first orgasm into a lackluster comedy.
Are you asking me to believe that a one-time stoner would be so inspired by a science class that she'd become a National Merit Scholar and get into Harvard?
The sight of Posey, Minnelli, and Graham fondling sexual aids and chattering about orgasms is meant to reduce you to helpless laughter, but it will more likely leave you wondering how many bad choices it takes to destroy a career.
This is too clever by half.
While moments in this tale of sexual dysfunction are as refreshing as its underused Cleveland setting, it remains more a set of interlocking sketches than a compelling story.
For all of its faults, however, the movie is so nonjudgmental and unashamed about enjoying sex, it can't help but leave you with a good feeling.
Ohio, and Cleveland in particular, deserve much better than this.
People who complain about the lack of good adult comedies will still be complaining after watching Billy's Kent's The Oh in Ohio.
Despite this seemingly surefire premise and cast of veteran comedians - there's even a cameo by Liza Minnelli as a masturbation coach -- The OH in Ohio just lies there, without a single laugh.
Sometimes a flop is simply a case of a movie taking a wrong step. In the case of The OH in Ohio, it's a case of never taking a right one.
The OH in Ohio offers a cinematic representation of Priscilla's sex life: a lot of promise with no payoff.
Satire is awfully hard to pull off, but screenwriter Adam Wierzbianski exhibits a flair for it.
Billy Kent and Adam Wierzbianski's genial comedy about one woman's search for sexual satisfaction takes an unsmutty attitude but falls disappointing short of its ambition to be both sympathetically straightforward and funny.
How bad does a movie have to be for Heather Graham to remove her name from the credits?
The comedy misfires and the film winds up strangely...impenetrable.
Kent directs with clean, precise strokes and with little of the desperation associated with most American comedies.
there simply isn't enough material here to carry a short, much less an hour-and-a-half-long feature
A feel good movie about feeling good, this fresh and very funny sex comedy stars Parker Posey as a woman in search of an orgasm.
The OH In Ohio deserves credit for bringing up some sexual-experimentation taboos, but since the film never does more than nimbly skirt them rather than challenge them head-on, the proceedings are ho-hum.
Billy Kent's comedy makes much of masturbation and sexual aids, and, in that spirit, takes great pleasure from its broad, flat self.
Eventually, the oh's becomes 'zzzzzz's.'
Ultimately, Ohio fails to deliver in the third act, which is kind of ironic for a film about orgasms.
It's as if the filmmakers lost their nerve when it came time to write the kind of intimate, revealing conversation that can make a sex toy unnecessary.
Its coarse opening sections are ill-matched for the warmly compassionate tale it ultimately matures into.
The Queen of the Indies ploughs the fertile ground of feminine self-empowerment with good vibrations for all.
This is a mindless comedy about sex that is never remotely funny, with a cast that is never remotely sexy, and which, in one case, is downright revolting.
A silly, amusing trifle.
Posey rides the role with grace and charm, capturing each lightening bolt of self-discovery while also keeping the role grounded in quietly eroding shame.
The film smolders a little but never has much fire. It has a few smiles, but very few laughs.
A farce executed by characters who feel more like pawns than fully realized people.
First-time feature director Billy Kent seems proud that his movie deals with sex in such frank fashion. But if you're going to brag about your explicit sexuality, it doesn't quite work to go out of your way avoiding skin.
The sound recording is hollow and muddy, the cinematography underlit and sometimes blurred at the edges, and the whole thing has the dreary feeling of a bottom-of-the-barrel, clammy '70s sex comedy.
Parker Posey and Paul Rudd play a couple that is entrapped in a marriage where nothing seems to go right, in bed or otherwise--just like the movie itself.
A first rate ensemble gets it past the censors, but not to a beachhead on the mainstream.
We wind up feeling like Priscilla after sex with her husband: It was really fun at first; we just hoped it would end differently.
Blurs the line between risque and raunchy, often to hilarious effect.
The movie provides a good time but isn't wholly satisfying in the end.




@highlight

A muddled sex-comedy that feels oddly sexless, The Oh in Ohio packs in too many ideas without establishing a clear identity or objective.