Nothing in this film works. It has clearly been put together by people who have been given an idea via conference call of what a film looks like and sounds like, but have no idea how to fit everything together.
There's humour in here for sure, but some more of that playful silliness in between the unnecessary bits would have made this a better watch.
Sex Tape underperforms even worse than Jay himself -- it is unfunny, predictable and very strenuous.
Beneath the bad dialogue, bad chemistry, bad editing and bad pacing of the film, a much darker and more serious issue lurks.
Segel and Diaz have a great rapport, and though nothing innovative or rip-roaring happens in the extended comic setpieces, the whole enterprise is enjoyable enough, pure Not As Bad As It Looks.
In short, it's a PG plot for an X-rated story.
Sex Tape is surprisingly tame, perhaps too tame.
Sex Tape is stymied from the get-go by its couch-potato approach to comedy writing and its apparent fondness for smut-fuelled, gender-stereotypical relationship flaps that would make even dating teenagers roll their eyes.
Segel and Diaz have some work ahead of them to erase this one from the pop culture DVR.
This is a far-fetched, preposterous letdown.
If I didn't chuckle once or twice, I'd be filing a complaint against Sony with the Better Business Bureau for marketing Sex Tape as a comedy.
[An] overlong comedy that has the look and feel of an extended sitcom.
When it comes to the sex tape itself the filmmakers are relatively coy. It's the shameless product placement for Apple that is truly in your face.
That's an awfully long way to go to establish a premise, especially for what little payoff Sex Tape ultimately delivers.
Can a movie be rife with profanity, nudity, vulgarity and sexual content, yet ultimately be as corny and wholesome as an Ozzie and Harriet episode? Unfortunately, yes.
The film's misfiring plot - it turns into a family farce by the finale - never quite makes enough sense to forgive it.
Why does a Sony movie function as a ninety minute commercial for Apple products?
Sweaty, naked panic is a poor substitute for genuinely raw humour, so the movie comes across like The Benny Hill Show, Uncut.
I counted three laughs in this wannabe bawdy comedy of errors, and one of them was a Breaking Bad gag so far past its tell-by date that even I got the joke.
Sex Tape is wittier and less smutty than its reputation might suggest.
Oh my, this is truly embarrassing.
Dreary and charmless.
Sex Tape is too busy blowing smoke up Apple's rear port to make any meaningful comment on the testy relationship between intimacy and technology.
This gormless farrago feels like the manifestation of a vast collective nervous breakdown.
Does it matter that the film itself ain't that funny? Annie and Jay are mostly anodyne; Diaz and Segel really don't click.
It all feels terribly feeble and no matter how energetic and broad the comedy mugging of Diaz and an ill-looking Segel it rarely raises a laugh. What a right old Carry On.
The best news here is the elasticity of the star pairing.
Like cinematic contraception, this mirthless nonsense may put you off movies AND sex.
Limp.
Although it presents itself as a rude sex comedy, this movie is actually a prudish exercise in simplistic moralising.
Not especially funny or sexy.
Color me absolutely astonished that this is genuinely sweet and wholly sex-positive. Unfortunately, it's also completely unfunny.
Neither raunchy nor insightful enough, this Sex Tape underwhelms.
Segel and Diaz are fine, cute and up for it, but they are let down by a cynical script more interested in selling hardware than entertaining the audience.
Sex Tape is brisk but annoyingly light on laughs, a slight fumbling of an idea that deserved a more rigorous exploration.
Diaz and Segel manage to coax a few laughs out of a thin premise but there's nothing they can do with director Jake Kasdan's lame and surprisingly tame slapstick.
It would be lovely for Hollywood to tackle married relationships in a frank and funny manner, exploring where technology fits in and reinforcing the notion that monogamy can be sexy and exciting too. Unfortunately, "Sex Tape" isn't that movie.
An extremely mild improvement over Jake Kasdan's previous effort...
A farce that doesn't use, say, The Lady Eve, The 40-Year-Old Virgin or even Carry On Camping as its benchmarks, instead only hoping to out-funny the pictures of Andrei Tarkovsky, that video Werner Herzog won't let us see, and the concept of famine.
Blathers on like an unoriginal stand-up's meandering riff on 'Remember when you used to have sex all the time?' Pathetically prudish in its avoidance of frontal nudity and its finale, where Annie and Jay watch their tape, cringing and wincing all the way
... Proof that even a movie primarily concerned with other body parts needs to have a brain.
succeeds only as an advertisement for the tablet mentioned every dozen words or so, and that forms the McGuffin chased with sadly ineffectual diligence by Segal and Diaz.
By the end, this broad sex farce remains pretty limp.
I find it hard to believe any of these writers couldn't come up with funnier ways to exploit this premise.
A tired premise and a sheen of desperate flop sweat tanks this DOA comedy, which plays more like an ancient Playboy doodle than a full-fledged movie.
Even for a farce, the situations stretch credulity far beyond the breaking point.
Dull, Bad, and Worse
Dirty minded yet wholesomely executed, like a 6-year-old retelling a smutty joke he doesn't understand.
It is a bland, clawless comedy; a cautionary tale of a high concept gone horribly, horribly wrong.
It is, more, an embarrassment to the genre of R-rated comedy.
'Sex Tape' should be erased.
The film is only 94 minutes long but it still feels heavily padded. The lengthy introduction and drawn out jokes are proof of that.
Segal and Diaz deserve combat pay for some of the naked stuff they go through. (No, you're not going to see full frontal, or pubal or boobal. Plenty of backal however.)
Given the premise, the movie doesn't push the envelope as much as it could and perhaps should, but blame the MPAA and the studio system more than the scripters.
Trying to combine flaccid, family-friendly fun with a shallow sexcapade results in a total turn-off.
Tape doesn't contain many laughs, even less heat, leaving the viewer with the sight of Segel and Diaz trying to turn a DOA script into the farce it has no interest in becoming.
Not a great movie but still one of the funnier iPad commercials I've seen lately.
It stretches to fill 90 minutes of screen time, yet feels so, so much longer.
A jumbled mix of on-the-nose comedy set pieces and contrived emotional threads that squander any potential within Sex Tape's entertaining premise.
The laughs are intermittent, not consistent, and the central idea is trivialized, not investigated for its full comedy potential.
Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel are perfectly matched in 'Sex Tape'... a high energy, engaging comedy.
Mature, raunchy but hilarious comedy filled with profanity.
The material may look "crude" but the concept is slick as glass.
There might--just might--be enough good jokes here for a punchy sitcom episode.
The only sustained funny sequence involves a straight-laced Lowe relaxing at home by casually sipping Scotch and listening to Slayer before doing lines of coke.
No sex, a few laughs, a one-joke movie and the joke is in the trailers.
It's strange to watch a comedy full of talented people that does not work from the opening scene. It's like eating food and not tasting anything.
As with most leaked sex videos, Sex Tape is more embarrassing to those involved than memorable to those who watch it. And the quicker it'‍s forgotten, the better for everyone.
It seems like this premise could get into some creative and maybe even subversive territory, but it mostly sticks to the basics.
Sex Tape is warmer and more amusing than its ads would lead one to believe. In fact, it's almost good enough, leaning a little too hard on the innate likability of stars Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel.
...unfunny, vulgar, peurile...a story that had great possibilities done in by poor writing emphasizing F-bombs, inept directing, and maladroit acting.
Your itty bitty blip on the XTube radar means about as much to the rest of the population as if you got up at karaoke on a Thursday night in your mid-size city's third most popular venue and sang all the lyrics to "The Humpty Dance" from memory.
It's fitfully funny and exuberantly eager to please. The chief problem with Sex Tape, however, is that it remains a comedy of blushes as opposed to full-blown embarrassment.
"Sex Tape" is nothing more than a mindless way to spend an hour and a half --- not great, not totally awful.
Segel and Diaz are terrific together, playing off each other like the seasoned veterans they are.
Making a sex tape would be a lot more fun. Maybe someone also forgot to erase this movie?
At heart, it's about as naughty as an old Disney movie with Dean Jones, Suzanne Pleshette, and an unruly Great Dane. I liked its gung-ho slapstick spirit, though. No one's slacking off.
Sex is treated first as brainless imperative, then as acrobatic duty, then as desperate consequence - it's never sexy in any way.
The folks behind Sex Tape did their homework. They just forgot the laughs.
More sweet than salacious yet still very funny.
Diaz and Segel stumble through the film as if no one wrote a script and they are the worst improvisational comics on the planet.
While some of the material occasionally generates some sporadic laughs, most of it falls flat on its face. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Sex Tape is perfectly watchable, funny slapstick contemporary comedy that, like Chef, does a very good job weaving the perils of social media into its plot.
I laughed a few times in the early bits, and there's a central segment with Rob Lowe that's genuinely bizarre and funny. And then it all falls apart.
Chemistry is everything ... in those terms, Sex Tape is nothing.
Yes, there are some laughs, but they're not as big or as frequent as one might expect from a would-be "major" comedy.
Its not unlike the porn videos that inspired it: with bad acting and a flimsy script it may temporarily satisfy but will soon be quickly forgotten.
Perhaps the best thing about Sex Tape is that it never gets icky or squicky or squeamish; it talks about sex as if it were something two consenting adults might enjoy as part of their relationship, not just a source of humiliation and 'comedy.'
An uneasy comedy that is not without its laugh-out-loud moments.
For the most part, Sex Tape aspires to surf the same big, broad waves of blue laughter as a Bridesmaids or a Knocked Up, but never catches a ride for too long.
Director Jake Kasdan struggles to mine the panicky high-concept premise for three acts' worth of story, let alone 90 minutes of laughs.
There are some funny moments, but the former "Bad Teacher" co-stars are surprisingly chemistry-free.
Just a naughty little escapade, enjoyable at the time but perhaps worth feeling guilty about immediately afterwards.
It made me laugh enough for it to merit a tepid endorsement.
Just lie back and think of funnier films.
Wouldn't it be funny if a middle-age couple had to track down their sex tape? Sure, that's not a terrible concept, but everything that follows doesn't seem even slightly well considered.
Since it's a comedy, much could be forgiven if the film was consistent in generating laughs, but the comedy is as erratic as the couple's sex life.
The very blatant set-up makes the gags feel a bit like vaudeville punchlines, coming from miles away and that much duller for their inevitability.
It's the dynamic between Diaz and Segel that sells the movie.
There are flashes of potential here ... but Sex Tape possesses too much comedic insecurity to do anything of value with them.
The real sex tape that [the characters] Jay and Annie are chasing all over town might have at least had some instructive value. The movie Sex Tape that Jason and Cameron have made can't even make that claim.
If the first half of the movie is fairly sharp as these things go, the second half is increasingly, noisily ridiculous, with Diaz working extra hard for her laughs and verging on the shrill.
There's not much to this pratfalling exercise in futility that we haven't seen before except for a flash of Cameron Diaz's bare rump. And that is hardly an experience worth 100 minutes of your one and only life.
Instead of soft core, "Sex Tape" offers no core. No narrative core, just a not-bad notion executed execrably; no core of conviction, just two stars trudging joylessly through swamps of mediocrity.
a haphazard, humiliating experience
Given its subject matter and R rating, "Sex Tape" isn't as wild or woolly as it could be.
[A] stilted, nearly humorless, non-titillating slog ...
Sometimes, movies enchant and enlighten us about the human condition, and some nights, you go to "Sex Tape" and hope the popcorn isn't stale.
As timid, bland, and predictable as romantic comedies come ...
The overall problem is that for an supposedly outrageous farce Sex Tape plays things extremely safe.
Everyone tries too hard in Sex Tape, a labored farce that's as generic as its title.
The cinematic equivalent of herpes.
If "Sex Tape" ends up making money, it'll be strictly on the backs of its valiant performers, who surely sensed the weakness of the script and decided to go at it like a job, like turning an acting trick, finesse and pacing be damned.
The whole problem with "Sex Tape" in a sentence: After its first third, the two lead characters just run around trying to prevent something that the audience very much wants to see happen.
Given all the name-brand products invoked, their misadventure suggests a sort of nightmarish shopping spree.
For a movie filled with amateur porn, sex toys, cocaine and Cameron Diaz's butt, "Sex Tape" is awfully tame.
By the time a blackmailing plot is introduced, the film seems to be surviving solely on the fumes of curse words and frequent shots of Jason Segal and Cameron Diaz's backsides.
If there is anything good that comes from Sex Tape, it is the age-old lesson that you shouldn't make one, ever. Ever. No, really, ever.
A case study in how little interest American movies-and especially American sex comedies-have in dealing with sex as anything other than a source of cheap giggles and nonstop humiliation.
I can't remember a big studio comedy in which the jokes were so bad, the timing so off, the chemistry so sour, and the whole project so reliant on bottom-feeding, old-as-the-hills gags.
Kasdan ... doesn't quite seem to know what tone he's going for, and the last half of the movie veers wildly between crude hard-R comedy and warm-hearted teachable moments.
A sometimes amusing R-rated comedy that never quite hits the spot.
A farce that tries so hard to be naughty without becoming tasteless and raunchy without becoming gross that it winds up exhausting its stars as well as the audience, while never achieving the hilarity it's straining for.
Actually not terrible.
Preposterous yet boring. Sex Tape doesn't fall off the cliff of competence so much as it executes a slow, agonized mudslide of failed intentions.
There are a handful of solid laughs sprinkled throughout, but the assumption is that bigger and better jokes are yet to come. They never do.
For a movie about amateur porn, Sex Tape is fundamentally conservative in its treatment of sex.
Gag and plot often seem unrelated, as though Segel and his regular co-writer, Nicholas Stoller, were trying to protect the characters from the consequences of their actions.
This movie sometimes resembles an R-rated Apple infomercial - Segel actually delivers an enthusiastic monologue about the hi-res camera on the new iPad - but if that was the deal the Cupertino folks need to get their money back.
The main reason that "Sex Tape," while often quite funny, fails to qualify as a comedy is the absence of any real conflict or complication.
It's a one-joke movie that feels like a one-joke movie.
Kind of sucks. And not in a good way.
Rather than exploiting its raunchy premise to offer up something honest, this evolves into a pretty textbook comedy.
How could a movie that offers Jason Segel riffing on sex and Cameron Diaz regularly disrobing be so dull?
The strain of working for laughs in lame situations makes Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel look very tired as the night wears on.
As far as date night movies go, you could do far worse than the raunchy yet sweet Sex Tape, featuring solid comedic turns from Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel, and Rob Lowe.
Jake Kasdan is to directing comedy what Friedrich Nietzsche is to baking apple strudel. Not much.
Among its faults, the movie never considers a more interesting, possibly funnier scenario: What if the video did go viral? How would that affect Annie and Jay's relationship?
On a scale of "Kim Kardashian" to "Fred Durst," Sex Tape clocks in at a "Tila Tequila" - meaning, despite being a trashy mess, we still can't peel our eyes away for some reason.
There's a sadness to comedies like 'Date Night' and the new 'Sex Tape' - not just about how pathetically lazy they are, but in their subject matter as well.
An entertainingly racy farce whose affable talent carries the film through some comedic weak spots.
"Sex Tape" is an unaccountable drag - strained, toothless and far too tame to achieve the sort of outrageous, raunchy-titillating effect it's aiming for.
Sexcruciating.
"Sex Tape" doesn't seduce, it doesn't surprise and it certainly doesn't satisfy. It only leaves you feeling a little taken advantaged of, as you take your walk of shame back to your car - and hoping you never hear from it again.
Even the most fervent fans of Cameron Diaz or Jason Segel will find little to like in Sex Tape, a tone deaf comedy about private life and public humiliation.
An R-rated comedy that thinks it's provocative, yet is handcuffed by the inhibitions of its rom-com genre
Comes across as small, uneven, and, at times, lazy.
Sex sells they say, but here, it's the Diaz factor that holds all the aces, elevating this rather smutty concept into a mostly playful affair with some unexpected laugh-out-loud moments.
Intermittently funny but not without a share of forced comedy.
A fantastic but far-too-short appearance by Rob Lowe and some well-timed quips by Rob Corddry are not enough for this high concept comedy to deliver on the promised laughs.

@highlight

With neither the conviction to embrace its smutty premise nor enough laughs to function as a worthwhile rom-com, the flaccid Sex Tape suffers from cinematic impotence.