Lawrence has a distinct lack of ability to write anything remotely resembling a real human. Maybe romantic comedies don't really need that sort of thing but if there's nothing else going for it - and there's nothing else going for it - it would help.
Sweet, predictable date movie. Teens OK.
Move beyond the lame title, and you'll find an unexpectedly good movie, with the inspired casting of Drew Berry and Hugh Grant possessing the necessary chemistry to lift this rote, manufactured story into something appealing.
Far too little originality ... to make the film anything other than a disposable rom-com triviality.
Music and Lyrics could have had more rhythm and a better beat...
Hugh Grant is a genius at romantic comedy. He has just the right blend of good looks, sex appeal, wit, sensitivity, self-awareness, and even more endearing, self-mockery.
"Music and Lyrics" argues that pop songs are poetry, and in the tradition of Walt Whitman, the film proceeds to celebrate itself.
Una comedia romántica realmente menor y predecible, con alguna ironía sobre la música pop de los años '80 (y la de ahora).
... this is a movie that will lose nothing when you rent it from Netflix a few months from now.
Good-natured, melodic and sweet as can be, "Music and Lyrics" is like listening to your favorite '80s compilation: It just plain makes you feel good.
Embora nada original, o roteiro é suficientemente divertido e explora muito bem as mais do que estabelecidas personas da dupla principal: o jeitão desajeitado e auto-crítico de Grant e a insegurança engraçadinha de Barrymore.
Music and Lyrics is a nice, light, bright romantic comedy -- a demonstration of the best and the worst of modern romantic comedy in action, in fact. ...
Despite a copout ending that dumbs down the film's previous wit-filled 90 minutes, few mainstream audiences will be able to resist its charms.
This movie has more witty lines in any 10 minute clip than most comedies have in the entire film.
Music and Lyrics is not the most original or ambitious movie I've ever seen. However, Barrymore is well-paired with Grant in a story that is smarter than you might think. It's just all-around good fun.
Like a catchy pop song you can't stop humming, the sublime romantic melody of Music and Lyrics puts a smile on your face and love in your heart.
This is Barrymore's burden, that she consistently resists generic business even as she makes it tolerable. The next step is to challenge the business outright.
Witty, playful, charming and satisfying -- an unpretentious confection that's just right and a little bit more.
...when this movie gets a moment right, it nails it. It's now you tolerate/notice the rest that will affect your experience.
Barrymore ... and Grant are both charming here, and yet there's no chemistry between them at all.
The song [Pop! Goes My Heart] is a lot of fun, but ends up being the only memorable thing in a middling rom-com that needed a wittier script.
It's more fun than a Spandau Ballet/Tears for Fears concert circa 1985, and I mean that in a good way.
Light, sweet and agreeably confident
Watching 'Music and Lyrics' is like watching an exceptionally good cover band imitate Wham! or Duran Duran. They'll manage to hit all the familiar notes, but there won't be any surprises or any sound that's not already on your CDs at home.
The novelty of comedic musical hooks, and the eye pleasing coupling of Barrymore and Grant, dissolves with writer/director Marc Lawrence's ("Miss Congeniality") predictable storyline.
A tad rickety or hokey here and there plotwise, but very amusing dialogue, acting, production overall. This is a highly entertaining romantic comedy. A very strong A-.
There are a surprising number of laughs, and the saccharine content is kept to a minimum. A mostly enjoyable experience, all told.
The casting of Hugh Grant opposite Drew Barrymore was a stroke of genius both in terms of chemistry and comedy, as his self-deprecating vulnerability serves as the perfect foil for her zaniness, and their repartee is reminiscent of Hepburn and Tracy.
Grant has the occasional good line (or at least he makes a few of them seem funny), but the film limps along like someone trying to tap dance in flippers.
We're clearly deep into romantic-comedy territory here, so it's a good thing we're also in the hands of excellent guides.
This isn't just a chick flick wallowing in moon-spoon-June levels of Hallmark mush; it's the 'Macarena' of cut-rate rom-coms.
Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore, who generate great chemistry together, display impeccable comic timing in 'Music and Lyrics.'
[A] surprisingly deft, witty film.
Not that you don't want them to get together, but given how destined they seem to crash and burn, you wonder if it's really such a good idea after all.
An underwhelming confection so conceptually lazy it's a miracle the film has enough strength to make it through the projector.
No matter how maudlin or lightweight a script can be, Hugh Grant always manages to charm the mediocrity out of it through his amusing and charismatic presence.
Who knew Hugh Grant could sing? It's no masterpiece but it is a great way to kill 96 minutes and get points from your girlfriend in the process.
...a charming diversion...
The cinematic equivalent of a VH1 special.
Harmless, innocuous froth which could have been worse.
An off-Broadway melody that doesn't always stay in key.
I don't think the ending is up to the rest of the movie, but Grant and Barrymore are great together, and the movie has both zing and song.
Though they do not quite make beautiful music together, there is something fleetingly intimate and improbably touching in the attempt to do so that is almost like a song.
Drew Barrymore is that rare movie starlet who can handle the comedy end of romantic comedy, but she coasts through her underwritten role as a goofy plant sitter recruited by Grant to write his lyrics.
As the suave '40s-style romance Lawrence clearly means it to be, Music and Lyrics is strictly easy listening.
Assembly line romantic comedies often rise or fall based on the stars at their center, and Music and Lyrics is lucky to have both Drew Barrymore and Hugh Grant (as opposed to, say, Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey) offering their services.
It's not bad, I enjoyed the music. The opening sequence was hysterical, but it's lacking that certain something. It'll be perfectly fine on DVD, but not something to run out and see.
When it comes to self-deprecating humor, it doesn't get much better than Hugh Grant.
The film is buoyed by the wonderful work of Grant and Barrymore who together work as deftly as, well, as music and lyrics. The harmonious result of this pairing is a charming and enjoyable romantic film.
A frothy, funny, frivolous affair, largely because of Grant's contributions.
Grant's off-screen arrest for sexual solicitation in 1995 has ironically helped give him a self-involved edge that latently defines some of his best work.
Undeniably breezy thanks to a quality star pairing.
What Grant lacks in credibility as a lover he makes up for in eagerness to please. He wickedly skewers the music of the 1980s -- he sings! he dances! -- while at the same time reminding us of the cruel reality of disposable pop stardom.
Writer-director Marc Lawrence's script is clever, and he has created memorable supporting roles for Kristen Johnson, as Barrymore's wild sister, and for Haley Bennett, as the Shakira shimmy-alike.
Music and Lyrics can't even pull off the simple task of casting two actors who share a slight whiff of chemistry.
[It] won my heart for what it didn't do: all the moments it could have strained for farce or confessional self-disclosure, and instead turned its attention back to the problem at hand.
It's not a great movie, but for a Valentine's Day date this year, you could do a lot worse.
Grant strikes precisely the right note with regard to Alex's career: He's too intelligent not to be a little embarrassed, but he's far too brazen to feel anything like shame.
After the plethora of alleged comedies we've been getting lately, this feel-fine rom-com with Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore is a perfect warm-hearted, heart-shaped antidote to the winter blahs.
Grant happily rummages through his role, Barrymore is splendid with gulps and goofs, and Campbell Scott is an impeccably pompous author.
They're good collaborators, even if the song they're hammering out isn't very memorable.
There's always been a certain irony in Hugh Grant's name, for he's as close as this generation has to a Cary Grant.
It's not Ray, but it's a resonant look at the drudgery, desperation and dueling that underpin the creative process.
More substantial than a sugary treat, this crunchy rom-com with Hugh Grant as a has-been popster and Drew Barrymore as a never-was poet (they collaborate on a hit song) is simply irresistible.
Paper dolls have more depth.
Too bad director Lawrence tends to hit you over the head with the jokes in his script.
Grant is as smarmily sarcastic as ever, but Barrymore constantly pulls him back. Despite her record number of bad role choices, she may be the warmest comedy actress around, and you can't help rooting for her.
As dismal and atonal as a dirge.
Often smart and sometimes very funny.
In the complicated game of on-screen love, Grant and Barrymore both have honed their craft as starry-eyed specialists. There might be something mechanical in their game that makes them a bad match in a romantic comedy.
When the movie zooms in on their fruit-and-nutcake relationship, it's adorable, too.
Make sure you stick around for the closing credits, where the story continues... At that point you'll likely be having such a good time you won't want to leave.
Not even the considerable charm of Grant and Barrymore can make this trivial and predictable romantic comedy shine.
Most of the musical numbers, including the central song, are unexpectedly catchy and believable. Thanks for that goes to songwriter Adam Schlesinger of the band Fountains of Wayne.
As Hugh Grant ages, something is becoming clear: The actor's most compelling attribute is not his floppy forelock but the vein of charming self-loathing that has always been pulsing under his masterfully mussed-up hair.
Every Valentine's Day should be blessed with a confection as fluffy, light and satisfying as Music and Lyrics, a date movie filled with laughs and tunes and nothing too terribly serious to say.
if the situations aren't new, the dialogue [and performances are] pithy enough to ward off most of the staleness
Music and Lyrics is also given buoyancy by the pitch-perfect songs composed by Adam Schlesinger, the talented pop ironist of the band Fountains of Wayne.
The film wisely focuses on Hugh Grant, who makes several of these bits funnier than they would otherwise be.
The movie passes muster as a corny, mildly witty and often bouncy diversion.
In a film about songwriters, their song should at least be catchy.
The movie is as disposable as the music in it. But movie theaters need filler, too -- and this is the best kind.
Grant and Barrymore are completely believable as a creative team, but the romantic development seems arbitrary -- or, more accurately, obligatory.
Hugh Grant is the man... if modern musicians wrote like this, I'd buy a lot more music.
Not all movies are filet mignon, but not all moviegoers want steak. There's a vast market for simple, juicy burgers.
In the end, the movie's just the kind of enjoyably empty-headed fluff it celebrates and mocks.
It is a near-perfect valentine of entertainment that's splendidly alive and full of such rich joyous energy I can't wait to see it again.
Quickly degenerates into sentimental sappiness.
The cinematic equivalent of a drugstore-bought Whitman's Sampler: it's overly sweet, of questionable quality, and you appreciate it more in theory than in practice
It's as bubble gummy as the music of POP! But it is still enjoyable.
What Music and Lyrics may lack in romantic zing, it makes up for by featuring Hugh Grant in tight pants and a bad '80s hairdo
The laughs are scattered and hopefully in ten years the work of Marc Lawrence will also be non-existent and left in the Wal-Mart bargain bins where they belong without a divider.
...the pair is too busy fighting off tired, romantic-comedy conventions to establish any sort of rapport.
Grant, a comic actor of superb timing and limitless likeability, has possibly never been funnier than he is here.
strikes a solid chord with its mix of feel-good romantic comedy and searing commentary on the music industry as a whole
never fully lives up to the promise of its first three minutes. What might have been a smart takeoff on contemporary trends instead settles for predictable jokes...
Somewhere in the middle of "Music and Lyrics" it hit me: Hugh Grant has the exact persona of C-3PO.
Music and Lyrics aspires to nothing more than the competent dispensing of mild amusement and easy emotion.
For a movie called Music and Lyrics, it's astonishing how little the filmmakers seem to care about the words their characters say, or the tone that accompanies their saying.
The melody of the film is found between scenes, where Barrymore and Grant aren't forcing themselves into roles or inane banter, but coasting on each other's charisma and sneaking in a rapport with the audience that eludes Lawrence's grand design.
As sweet and likeable as its title is bland.
Music and Lyrics admits its own shallowness, but it wants you to admit you shamelessly enjoy it too.
A lively, funny paean to pop culture, a romantic comedy in which the romance takes a back seat to the film's sneaky insights into the timeless appeal of popular music.
The movie is an unusually witty and intelligent romantic comedy and Hollywood's best Valentine's Day gift in years.
Despite dragging in the last third, the movie works as a light and frothy confection for an enjoyable Valentine's Day treat.
...an effective romcom this is not...
The bounce in the film's step renders its otherwise timid approach agreeable.
Music and Lyrics is worth the heartstring tugs if only to see writer-director Marc Lawrence dispense a keen, mildly rueful sense of how that era gets channeled into the present day's mass psyche.
If Music and Lyrics were a song, you'd have to say it doesn't have a good beat, though it is easy to dance to.
A satisfying scoop of audiovisual comfort food. Expect more and you have no one to blame but yourself.
For all the predictability and plot contrivances, this tuneful rom-com -- like the silly love songs it both spoofs and embraces -- proves surprisingly entertaining.
It is what it is, and it is that honorably.
Music and Lyrics will make you want to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony.
It's all pleasant enough to watch but ultimately it's about as substantial as a pop song. Though it's unlikely to stay with you quite so long.
Writer-director Marc Lawrence's dispiriting romantic comedy is a formulaic exercise in mismatched characters doing stupid things to delay the moment when they fall in love, then doing more stupid things to temporarily derail their budding romance.
an entertaining, fluffy movie that has moments of greatness in between moments of being good enough.
I mean, who doesn't want some love and romance, especially if it's indulgent and totally unbelievable?
too chicky for a good comedy, yet not romantic enough for the Valentine's release it's set up to be.
If there's one thing Music and Lyrics understands, it's the apparent effortlessness of a good pop song, the way, particularly on a bad day, it can seem like a gift floating down from the heavens.
Comedy that is actually funny plus romance that is actually sweet equals a sunny little valentine to brighten the winter doldrums.
The film's greatest asset is Grant, who could sound witty and erudite reading the ingredients off a bottle of painkillers.
Writer-director Marc Lawrence foists upon his film a rather preposterous meet-cute that renders a promising premise about comebacks and rare second chances predictable and innocuous.
A beguiling, witty and truly romantic date flick.
Grant and Barrymore make sweet music together (it's sappy, but true) in this fluffy, feel-good movie.
An indubitably delightful date movie
Putting [Grant and Barrymore] together is like putting peanut butter on pizza or, gulp, a duet between Coldplay's Chris Martin and Mandy Moore.
It's a little like watching Gandalf and Frodo share scenes.
A hilarious Eighties music-video spoof and other clever musical moments are attached to a routine and somewhat lackluster romantic comedy.
So many things go wrong in the film, but the music is intriguing ... certainly food for thought where the rest of the film leaves us starving.
Although at times bland and cheesy in concept, Music and Lyrics has the right kind of benevolent bounce to its cheeky step.
Screams mainstream but it's a sweet-enough holiday confection.
The movie fails to achieve a position in the top echelon of romantic comedies, but it resides high enough in the pecking order to be worth a look by anyone with a penchant for the genre.
Could have been a nostalgic delight, but instead it's like listening to an out-of-tune note being repeatedly pounded on a piano.
A weird little hybrid of a romantic comedy that's simultaneously too fluffy and not whimsical enough.
To see what real romantic comedy can be, compare this to superior Grantsmanship like 'Four Weddings' and 'Notting Hill.'
Flyweight but mostly agreeable romantic comedy...buoyed by its jovial but good-natured send-up of pop music past and present.
It's a delicious Valentine's Day treat for movie audiences. Maybe it's not exactly a big box of chocolates, but it is several tasty morsels.
Lawrence and his team of pro players strain for balance on his literary tightrope, but one can appreciate the attempt to avoid clichés, even with a few wobbles in the storyline.
Grant's impeccable comedic timing makes Lawrence's script a thing of beauty. I had a smile on my face the entire time I was watching this charming comedy that would be at home in any era.
The first great date film of the year.
It's not the wedding singer that Drew Barrymore falls for in Music and Lyrics, but Hugh Grant's 80s has-been pop-star. The winning combination of Grant with his self deprecating charm and Barrymore's vulnerable heart-on-sleeve klutz makes easy-viewing.
The amusement inherent in watching Hugh Grant play a washed-up '80s boy-band pop star angling for a comeback provides Music and Lyrics with its catchy hook.
The leads show all the sexual understanding of strapping two cats together, throwing them in a tumble dryer, and expecting them to mate. When they kiss, it has all the romantic impact of watching Wildlife on One.
If you don't expect too much, you won't get too little.
The film isn't that risky, and the romantic obstacles thrown in the couple's way feel a little perfunctory.
So, this is a passable, often funny rom-com that'll make an awful lot of Friday-night daters very happy. But it really is high time Grant tried something different.
This is a highly entertaining little comedy that soars far above the usual level of chick-flick.
Sorry? If Cole Porter put his name to Barrymore's "Figuring out you and me/Is like doing a love autopsy..." he'd surely have been thrown out of the Waldorf-Astoria in disgust, whatever he was wearing.
Grant and Barrymore make a reasonable odd couple, and both have charm, but this never comes to life.
It says a lot about the film that the most positive things I can find to write are that Grant has a couple of decent lines and Barrymore has nice skin.
If music be the food of love, Music and Lyrics is a recipe for indigestion.
Grant and Barrymore just don't have the depth or chemistry to make you care. In short: flat like Milli Vanilli.
If writer-director Marc Lawrence had stuck with Alex's faded glory, Music and Lyrics could have been terrific. It could have been about something.
The melody might be familiar, but Grant and Barrymore keep this catchy rom-com humming along agreeably.
A routine romcom.
Enjoyable romantic comedy with likeable characters, a decent script and some surprisingly catchy tunes.
Music and Lyrics has a very strange notion of how business meetings are conducted and an even stranger opinion of the pull songwriters have in the music industry, but Barrymore's balancing act keeps everything else feeling real.
A watchable, workaday rom-com with business as usual from the leads, a bland plot and inconsistent characters.
Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore have a charming chemistry, though this shouldn't be too surprising, considering they both can pull off the bumbling goofball lover with ease
Written using "20 Master Plots (And How to Build Them)" with an Adam Sandler declaration-of-love-in-a-stadium ending.
Silly and enjoyable, but superficial and formulaic.








@highlight

Music &amp; Lyrics is a light and pleasant romantic comedy that succeeds because of the considerable charm of its co-stars. The music segments featuring Hugh Grant are worth the price of admission.