Dan Stevens is the one genuinely likeable element to this dreary Downton-on-Sea.
The performances are but one eye roll-inducing aspect of a period drama so generic and formulaic that it verges on parody.
Real-life historical drama about a Bohemian artists' colony in Cornwall just before World War I ignores their work... to focus on a tediously tragic romantic triangle.
Regardless of its true-story credentials, Summer In February seems to have been cobbled together from the moldy spare parts of countless Masterpiece Theater PBS movies.
Gorgeous scenes along the Cornish coast are impressive, but the film lacks the dynamic chemistry between lovers that's so important in a romance-themed movie.
...Summer In February eventually settles into a dull routine much like the dissatisfied characters of the film, which will make for an easily dissatisfied audience.
In the end, it's a miserable movie about miserable people, and we're left to wonder why. But any further time spent considering this forgettable romance feels wasted.
A relatively alluring period drama set in an artist's colony in Cornwall in 1913.
It's sad when a movie that aspires to tell a sad, even tragic, story can't quite connect, and lies there inert on the screen instead of galvanizing or even stirring emotions the way it means to.
Compared with the tepid contretemps of "Summer in February," the soap-opera theatrics of "Downton Abbey" have the depth of Chekhov.
Lifetime movie with English accents.
Summer in February is a well-made costume drama that fans of Downton Abbey will probably appreciate, while those hoping to learn about Munnings will be better off hitting the nearest museum.
A period excursion into unnecessary suffering, leaving a wide open opportunity for gloriously pained performances and a steady dispensing of anguish, but Summer in February just doesn't register as intended.
Cooper stomps around ineffectually, Stevens makes for a blandly tame suitor, and Browning is unable to ignite any chemistry with either. The scenery is stunning. But the swooning has all the heat of a midwinter's swim.
A ceaselessly bland take on the famed Lamorna artists' colony in Cornwall, circa 1911.
As sumptuous as it is immensely shallow, the film practically revels in its attention to lush English landscapes as a means to distract from its derivative storytelling.
The film is at its best when the majestic countryside and the blossoming romance combine perfectly.
Blah Britpic offers scenery but little else.
A poor script and patchy performances drag down this Edwardian-era drama.
It's not a particularly interesting or revealing story but there's plenty of plein-air painting and plein-air nudity ...
No sooner has Downton's Dan Stevens cast off Cousin Matthew's tweeds than he's back on screen as a stiff-upper-lipped toff. And if this wasn't typecasting enough, he's playing another thoroughly decent chap who is yearning after a flighty young woman.
We're supposed to be saddened that their world is ending and that the first World War, with its awful human toll, looms. Instead we're thinking where are the bloody Germans when you need them?
The dramatic cliffs, crashing waves and oppressive clouds gloriously captured gathering overhead create the perfect setting for this heartbreaking love-triangle.
In the end, it seems to be much ado about nothing very much, despite the pleasing performances and scenery.
It'd take a cold soul not to warm to a film that, for all its conventional approach and picture-postcard visuals, proves poignant in the final act.
A simplistic approach undermines this intriguing true story about a romantic triangle among artists in pre-WWI England.
It's old-fashioned for sure, and the characters are a tad under-written, but the picture looks lovely, is very well acted and quietly moving.
A plodding, sub-Merchant Ivory costume drama, not terribly convincing even though it's based on a true story, about a romantic triangle in Edwardian Cornwall.
If you hear anyone near you sniffling in the audience, chances are it will be due to hay fever.
Proof that truth is duller than fiction comes with this tale of real events in the Lamorna artists' colony in Cornwall in the months before the first world war.
The wind swept Cornish coast sings of dramatic romance.
Engaging and enjoyable British period drama enlivened by a strong script, stunning locations, some impressive production design work and a trio of great performances from Emily Browning, Dan Stevens, and Dominic Cooper.
It's an altogether hollow feeling that results in a love triangle story played out by numbers - albeit it very succinctly by Menual's hand.
For the last half-hour, the director uses every trick in the book (rain machines, epic music, close-ups of sobbing girls) in a bid to jerk our tears. It was too much, too late. I was already looking at my watch.
Ultimately, it's a competent, if uninspired, chronicle of an intriguing community hamstrung by that worthily reverential approach that afflicts British film-makers.
Not quite a masterpiece, but unquestionably displays some impressive flourishes that will stir and move.
Though it struggles to transcend its Sunday-TV feel, Christopher Menaul's film boasts sturdy turns from its three leads, while the outdoor lensing is a breath of fresh air.
An excuse to wallow in slushy sentiment and Edwardian glamour - best suited to a rainy day at home in the English summer.
While the melodrama occasionally grates, this works as a raw romance and an intriguing glimpse of a bold and brash artist ahead of his time.

@highlight

It boasts beautiful scenery, but in every other respect, Summer in February is a painfully bland period drama.