Blood, gore in hilarious B-movie make this best for teens.
It's bloody good fun.
You couldn't even say this movie is so bad that it's good, because it's seriously terrible, but it's also hilariously entertaining.
Like other midnight specials, Sharknado is made for mockery, but it lacks the sincerity that have made The Room and Birdemic: Shock and Terror, so richly laughable.
Sharknado was born to suck, but I'm hesitant to accuse its enthusiastic viewers of being rubes. The prime reason: I'm an enthusiastic viewer of it too.
There is, as they say, a fine line between stupid and clever, and this film twirls along it like a pro. Definitely worth a bite.
I look forward to "Squidnami" and "Piranhavolcano."
Oh sure, it's easy to pick holes in a story about a weather system that makes it possible for sharks to fly and take to the streets, but that's the whole point of movies like this: fabulous in-home commentary.
What the film does have is some fantastically cheesy lines combined with some humorous social commentary.
Every so often, something comes along that puts a skip in your step, makes your heart flutter, and sets your imagination ablaze with possibility.... If you're really lucky... it'll be a swirling mass of bloodthirsty sharks.
Sharknado is an hour and a half of your life that you'll never get back. And you won't want to.
With few tricks up its sleeve, Sharknado only adds to the list of hysterical Syfy monster-dramas that make for a shamelessly brainless 90 minutes well-spent.
Sharknado turned out to be the perfect blend of cheesy pop culture elements, including title, stars and the ever-popular shark-as-adversary theme.
And it happens, and it happens, and it's an awesome, immersive thing.
The title and premise of this one was so ludicrous that it became a draw for me and other looky-lous, and it gave us exactly what we wanted: something unapologetically dumb and cheap and outrageous to laugh at (and, occasionally, with).
Is this really any sillier than an entire town trapped under a mysterious invisible dome? OK, I suppose it is.
For what it is, Sharknado does what it's supposed to do better than almost all of its peers.

@highlight

Proudly, shamelessly, and gloriously brainless, Sharknado redefines "so bad it's good" for a new generation.