One for hard-core gore-hounds.
Maniac is gripping from beginning to end and more intellectual than your average slasher flick.
Does a fine job of balancing some legitimately smart ideas with its requisite moments of pain, suffering, and horror.
Leave it to the French to conclude that a remake of a quintessentially American (and steadfastly '70s New York) fleapit horror flick is not only possible but necessary.
Director Khalfoun paints a wonderful and engrossing horror thriller that lets Wood shine as a bonafide monster...
Maniac, like its forebear, simply doesn't possess enough material to warrant the full-length feature treatment.
Look, dating is tough.
much more than a woman-in-danger film searching to exploit the reputation of its notorious source.
There's nothing about Maniac to set it apart from the countless other films about countless other psychos who kill countless other women.
A creepy experiment that stays with you.
The motives for his character remain cloudy, and the film is more interested in gratuitous gore than suspense.
Frodo Baggins as a psycho-killer? Why not?
Beyond the killings, there isn't much mystery to Wood's Frank. He has Norman Bates Syndrome. The end.
Khalfoun gives us an unflinchingly brutal film that places the viewer in the role of accomplice with disturbingly effective results.
The sadistic proceedings here are pointless, and not very scary.
Thrilling and fueled by plenty of bloody carnage, Maniac is a horror film that knows how to wear its influences on its sleeve and capitalize on them.
Perhaps the mannequin metaphor is best: though it's dressed to the nines, Maniac is ultimately just a piece of plastic
Khalfoun generates a handful of moments of stomach-knotting intensity, but this ultimately a gimmick film -- and the gimmick doesn't work.
Even the most ardent horror fan might struggle to find something to enjoy in Franck Khalfoun's remake of William Lustig's 1980 slasher classic, Maniac.
It's not clear what exactly merited an updating of William Lustig's 1980 "Maniac" - a cheapo urban grimeball about a serial killer - but like a rash's unwelcome return, we got it anyway.
The POV approach makes the movie even harder to endure.
The kind of empty brutality modern horror feebly disguises as unvarnished realism, Maniac offers a literal first-person perspective in an attempt to create either empathy or complicity, but instead generates only repulsion, or more often, boredom.
Like a cover song that takes an original tune in a fresh new direction, Franck Khalfoun's remake of William Lustig's notorious 1980 slasher flick Maniac boldly serves up a familiar story with an exciting twist.
For some, Maniac will be disorienting and sickening; for others, it will be a deliciously twisted experience.
In order to get what this version of Maniac is doing, you have to look at the movie through different eyes. Aja and company did, and the results are a revelation.
It's a bit like watching an amputee play hopscotch: there's no way that it's polite to stare for this long, but you just have to see if this guy's gonna make it to the end.
Should Wood decide to indulge his manic side again, here's hoping he picks a better vehicle than Maniac.
Warts and all, "Maniac" still does what it should, digging under the skin and never for a second shying away from the grim realities of a protagonist who's not only an antagonist as well, but a violent sociopath.
"Maniac" only takes what had merely been a disturbing film and makes it into a truly disturbed one.
The film is exactly what it intends to be: the purest exploitational trash.
By not centering on the victims, Mr. Khalfoun nearly makes the film about pitying the panic-prone killer; the camerawork lacks the ominous, confident glide of much Steadicam horror.
A remake that, rather than trying to fix the deep flaws of its source, just covers them in a shinier coat of paint.
Ever wonder what Frodo Baggins would be like as a serial killer?
The redo also benefits from hindsight, creating a sleeker, more effective movie that remains as violent and irresponsible as ever.
I would never argue that a movie should be banned or censored, but I firmly believe we should take directors like Khalfoun aside and tell him he's a hack, a phony and should be ashamed of himself.
If it's possible to be both impressed and appalled by a movie's pull-no-punches savagery, Maniac earns that dubious distinction.
Eventually it collapses in a gore fest of nauseating brutality that makes you wonder why they bothered at all.
The genre is adolescent as hell, reckless and pre-empathetic, picking on girls just to see what their reactions might be.
Each killing is suffused with a strangely surreal empathy for both murderer and victim that recalls Jonathan Demme's genre-redefining The Silence of the Lambs.
It'll get your blood pumping, before it starts spilling down your forehead.
A shocker of a remake, equal parts stylish and scuzzy.
Its audio-visual overload testifies to a group of filmmakers' belief that some films are made to be remade.
Slasher films have gotten more grisly, grimy and gruesome - but few earn the three R's: repulsive, repugnant and rank. Elijah Wood has left Frodo far behind.
The hand-held camera work is impossibly dizzying.
Maniac is an elegant and carefully crafted film, from start to finish.
Maniac is perfectly brutal, gritty, in-your-face horror with a film-noir bite, sporting a memorable performance by Elijah Wood that makes me wish horror films had their own Oscars-like event.
An irredeemable exploitation horror movie that overplays its subjective POV conceit, "Maniac" will leave viewers cold.
It's not enough to just mimic exploitation cinema, swallow its misogynistic conventions uncritically and call it an homage.
I doubt if cult status is in the offing, but who predicted a future for Michael Powell's Peeping Tom?
Aside from being an exercise in point-of-view cinema, it's not clear why French filmmaker Khalfoun (P2) bothered to remake the notorious 1980 slasher horror.
This story was first told, much better, in 1980 - a real B-movie stunner.
This Maniac may have artistic aspirations but it doesn't make the film any more palatable.
Maniac is excelled by a career-altering performance from Wood and an uncomfortable sense of realism that's vested - and maintained - throughout.
Far too busy doing the filmic equivalent of poking you with a stick to see how much you flinch, and unashamedly so.
It's hard to escape the feeling that the whole film is just a nasty, voyeuristic exercise in titillation.
I found it intestine-squishingly horrible, but also dreary.
Stylishly directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely chilling and disturbingly intense slasher-horror-thriller with a terrific central performance from Elijah Wood.
Much of the film feels graphically real but I was never convinced that some of the girls would ever have trusted him in the first place.
One for fans at the nastier end of the slasher spectrum.
So needlessly graphic and explicitly violent from the outset that it ends up catering to the desires of a voyeuristic audience much more effectively than critiquing them.
Rank even on its own terms, it's the kind of inferior remake that also invites questions about the original's cult status.
It's hard to think of another piece of filmmaking that will manage to pack the same visual invention and emotional punch into a measly 89 minutes. Do not miss.
See this and you'll never be able to look Frodo Baggins in the eye again.
At last an intelligent horror remake that understands its source material and yet brings something new to the butcher's slab.
The scuzz-chic visuals, sleaze-synth score and deep-cutting gore are effective, and shooting from the killer's POV proves a valid USP.
Maniac is that rare horror remake that completely outclasses its source in every sense. And when you consider how much we love the original, that's really saying something.
'Maniac' goes from 0-60 in the blink of an eye as it opens with a shocking kill that will have horror fans salivating for more...It's not for the faint of heart.
One of the purest genre films of the decade. Honestly, be wary of Maniac. This film will do for walking home alone what Jaws did for the beach.
if, by the end, we are left unsure exactly which of this American psycho's perceptions have been real, even the disturbed Frank's fantasies are a disconcerting - and strangely moving - window to a damaged brain.
Wood, Aja and Khalfoun play out the conceit with freshness and, more importantly, frankness. The first-person perspective holds strong to the final telling frames, imbuing the film with an existential, even soulful, thoughtfulness.
This is down and dirty genre filmmaking, and the various slaughters, excruciatingly detailed scalpings and other atrocities are no less gruesome because of the highfalutin approach.

@highlight

Shocking and bloody. Maniac is smarter than your average psychological slasher, but it's often undermined by its excessive gore.