Congressional theater at its most fascinating.
Lincoln might be the most staid, old-fashioned movie that any major studio will release this season, at least outwardly. Inwardly, it is almost insanely daring.
It's worth seeing... for Day-Lewis's uncanny rendering of Lincoln and for the ensemble cast working around him, but I can't call this the best picture of the year.
"Lincoln," Steven Spielberg's magnificent film eleven years in gestation, is worth the wait.
It's an intricate, thought- provoking and (be warned) very talkie study of democracy that is almost entirely schmaltz-free.
Steven Spielberg's Lincoln is a work of sufficient richness to instantly invite repeat viewings.
Lincoln is an engrossing and even stirring civics lesson that tries, with admirable responsibility if only mixed success, to give voice to black America.
Lincoln is a history lesson you'll not want to miss.
In the same way Ben Kingsley was born to play Gandhi, Daniel Day-Lewis was born to play the 16th president of the United States; it's a wholesale suspension of disbelief.
Masterfully crafted as it is -- and it certainly captures the man and a moment in time -- Lincoln comes across as a pious history lesson, and, strangely for Spielberg, lacks the entertainment and emotion we may have expected.
Daniel Day-Lewis' performance is one-note, but what a note it is!
...children, like the adults, may be fascinated by the historical details that Spielberg includes, for Lincoln oozes authenticity.
Spielberg may not have been the ideal director for this ambitious biopic, but Lincoln and Day-Lewis are a truly memorable pair.
Tasked with dramatizing some of the most significant moments of the 19th century, Spielberg shoots the picture as a bustling ensemble comedy.
Spielberg brings a level of tension to what could have been an overly stuff historical period piece. He's supported by a superb cast highlighted by the work of Daniel Day-Lewis as the 16th President of the United States.
This is a wonderful film, full of detail and behavior, and one that lifts broadened historical details into a poetic marriage of humanity and triumph.
When it focuses on the political, social, and historical side of things - which is 80% of the film - it's grand, populist, high-minded entertainment.
It makes you think we can still do great things.
It's very good, but that's not the point. It's necessary.
Spielberg and Kushner lend the House scenes so much vigor that "Lincoln" comes fully alive for about half an hour. Then Spielberg tacks on three addenda, and thus dissipates the good will that has developed on both sides of the movie-theater aisle.
Spielberg's 'Lincoln' burns itself into your memory like no other film about American politics.
A bit like watching the West Wing played by Amish People. Desperately needed 40 minutes cut out of what is essentially quite a beautifully made movie.
Day-Lewis...wears well the weariness of the office and Lincoln's puckish yet subdued sense of humor, scaling the man closer to life-size than Mount Rushmore monumental. [Blu-ray]
Pushing this film as merely 'Lincoln' is something of an injustice to the man himself, as if audiences wouldn't have any interest in the actual story of the film.
Somewhere in there, Lincoln will call upon [his administration's] faculties and better sense, and the film about him will ask something similar of us.
A spellbinding performance and a beautifully nuanced film about statesmanship, quiet contemplation and - above all else - principle.
Once you settle in, this is an educational and enlightening epic. Yes, it can be ponderous, but for the most part, Lincoln is entertaining.
A powerful and brilliant look at the most important moment in US history...
Oddly, Spielberg chooses to set his gabby epic largely indoors...This gives Lincoln a rather inert feel...It's infuriating that spectacular battle scenes are described in the film, but not shown.
A remarkable performance by Daniel Day-Lewis is the glue that holds Lincoln together. Without him, this would be a very unremarkable film.
Spielberg's guarded representation of Honest Abe highlights some problems with the biopic format, especially in terms of veracity, and especially in terms of how we can (or can't) measure accuracy as the years roll by.
Every ounce of time-honoured respect a nation has seen fit to bestow upon The Great Emancipator is addressed frame by frame in Steven Spielberg's stately masterwork, Lincoln.
For the most part Lincoln is not a significant inclusion into Spielberg's filmography despite the noblest of intentions and undeniable cinematic craftsmanship.
A focused, remarkably human production, anchored by Day-Lewis' understated performance as the softly spoken, long winded, devilishly funny Abraham
Those interested in the subject matter should find it informative, eye-opening and rewarding.
Lincoln is a far more reckless, entertaining, unusual, but ultimately horribly uneven film than its pedigree may suggest.
This is easily Spielberg's best picture since Schindler's List. Having a two-term black president now in the White House can't hurt its chances, either.
A literally and metaphorically towering performance by Daniel Day Lewis as the 1.93cm Abraham Lincoln drives this historically riveting and personally impassioned ... riveting ... film
It is Daniel Day-Lewis' indelible portrait of the President, visionary, raconteur, husband and family man that stands at the forefront, as he resolutely realises his goal to abolish slavery
One never feels alive or inspired watching this history, merely intrigued, as if watching a film made for a museum exhibit.
The biggest compliment we can pay Joanna Johnston's costumes in Lincoln is that you hardly notice them. This is a far subtler film than you might expect.
A shamelessly hagiographic chronicling of the final months of the Great Emancipator's life.
It may indulge its subject a little too much but it highlights the road to a momentous occasion with an intimacy that gives emotional weight to political machinations
The actual vote on the Amendment proves surprisingly gripping, but elsewhere moments of piety and sentimentality undermine Day-Lewis's magnificent, credibly flesh-and-blood Lincoln.
It's an impeccably crafted history lesson that, unusually for a Spielberg film, tells us why its subject matter is important, instead of engaging with it on an emotional level.
Daniel Day-Lewis gives a towering performance in Steven Spielberg's bravest picture to date.
Não é um retrato multidimensional de um indivíduo complexo, mas uma fábula. Um letreiro de "Era uma vez..." em seu início não ficaria deslocado.
Against the odds, Spielberg makes something genuinely exciting of the backstage wheedling.
A historic epic from Steven Spielberg carries a lot of baggage, but he surprises us with a remarkably contained approach to an iconic figure. What's most unexpected is that this is a political drama, not a biopic.
[Spielberg is] a man on a mission. And his not so secret weapon is Day-Lewis, an actor so charismatic it's hard to think clearly while he's on screen.
Perhaps this is a rose-tinted view of Lincoln - he comes across as more living saint than man - but as cinema, it is powerful, gripping and thoroughly entertaining.
Spielberg is always a professional, and the film is never less than well-crafted.
By stepping into history without fear, favour or any overfamiliar biopic folly, Lincoln, handsome, often thrilling, and movingly human, goes into history as a major movie achievement.
A rousing, rigorous and morally complex legal procedural more than a trad biopic. And all the better for it.
his is a warm, celebratory film, handsomely shot, with a subtle, sympathetic central performance from Day-Lewis, and tremendous support from Tommy Lee Jones ...
Spielberg's plodding camera endlessly tracks and circles Day-Lewis in complete reverence, while veteran composer John Williams delivers yet another repetitive Jurassic Extra-Terrestrial score.
What a feat from Day-Lewis: the nearest thing a 21st-century biopic can get to a seance.
It's tiresome to describe Day-Lewis as brilliant, so let's push the boat out: his Lincoln is absolutely wonderful.
A thoughtful and thought-proving picture.
Lincoln reminds you how little has actually changed in one-and-a-half centuries - presidents still have to worry about the war dead while trying to create a better life for the fractured living.
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is an absorbing and enjoyable political drama with an Oscar-worthy central performance from Daniel Day-Lewis.
Daniel Day-Lewis gives yet another performance for the ages in Steven Spielberg's admirably literate, thoroughly charming biopic.
Lincoln has been dismissed by some as merely 'people in rooms talking'. That may be true, but what people. And what talking.
Fans of great writing, superb acting, beautiful photography and the rousing scores of John Williams are going to lap this one up.
'Lincoln' works as a snapshot of a great man without ever slipping into a portrait of sainthood.
This is the quietest of [Spielberg's] recent films, with an equally unobtrusive, delicately-crafted, totally absorbing performance from Daniel Day-Lewis.
This is handsome-looking history, but Spielberg's worshipful treatment slows down its pulse.
As unexpected as it is intelligent, thanks to virtuoso work from Spielberg and Kushner, Lincoln is landmark filmmaking, while Day-Lewis is so authentic he pulls off that stovepipe.
Lincoln is okay: a well-acted, nicely shot, perfectly watchable biopic that I assume has one hundred times more resonance when viewed from the opposite of the Atlantic.
A film as absorbing and unassuming as the central character.
Steven Spielberg's masterly, high-minded recreation of Abraham Lincoln's long-shot battle to get the 13th amendment outlawing slavery through a hostile Congress.
The filmmakers write history with lightning, and their instrument is Daniel Day-Lewis as the graying, hunched and shuffling Lincoln, bent but not broken and as tall and thin as a stick figure in a Tim Burton cartoon.
Lewis keeps his fire on a low flame, quietly navigating the underlying tone of hagiography and emerging as a believable man, and exactly the kind of pragmatic idealist America could use today.
This is movie magic -- history coming to life, before our eyes.
Even as a historical figure considerably better known than any he's played before, there's no trace of impersonation in Lewis's performance.
As one of this generations greatest actors, two time Oscar winner Day-Lewis is a shoo-in for a chance at a third trophy.
As essential an entry in Spielberg's catalog as his most popular blockbusters and heralded epics.
Spielberg undoubtedly is asking us to pay attention and learn something - there is no nodding off in this class - but even with all the talk of ratification, and envoys, and securing votes, Lincoln is an engaging, if not rousing film-going experience.
Lincoln is a performance masterclass. Spielberg humanises the icon and admires Lincoln the man - in the face of the challenges that defined him. It's a special effort in the capable hands of a legend.
Lincoln is Spielberg's best film since 2005's Munich, and one of 2012's finest.
This is an almost religiously revered president portrayed as he's never been portrayed on screen before, a tale told with grace and sophistication. If only for this fact alone, Lincoln is a work deserving of praise.
Especially in today's frustratingly gridlocked political environment, Lincoln is timelier than ever. It gives us hope that government can accomplish great things even as it drags itself through the muck and strain of corruption.
While Spielberg captures a time, Day-Lewis captures another brilliant performance, and some of the supporting actors may capture Oscar nominations, the film didn't capture my soul the way I was hoping.
The film presents Abraham Lincoln's deliberations as a function of his innate morality, as well as an emotional rightness.
A fascinating history lesson taking place mostly in the backrooms of Washington.
Good film, but 'Lincoln' is not a movie about Abraham Lincoln - it's about a man in an Abe costume posing as someone who had overwhelming love for African-Americans, when in reality that was far from the Lincoln documented in history.
It's a superior achievement for Kushner, and makes for one of the best of Spielberg's "serious" movies.
A paternalistic Lincoln who freed the slaves? Bad movie and worse politics...
An Oscar-ready historical masterpiece that does double duty as a history lesson and as a reminder of the paralytic limitations of a house divided.
Spielberg's Lincoln shows us that the nasty in-fighting of American party politics is not restricted to the modern era.
A talky, 150-minute affair but not without interesting modern-day ironies and parallels. One needs to take the one-sided history depicted with a grain of salt.
If this exquisite, immersive, fully entertaining, dramatized account of real events can't get you excited about history... nothing will.
Day-Lewis' wise, rustic, gnarled Lincoln truly seems a creature from another age; remarkably, there's no vanity in the actor's somewhat hobbled gait or high, thin voice.
There is directorial mastery here, and, even for those like me for whom the power of Lincoln is a percolating realization, one thing is certain: The performance by Daniel Day-Lewis is astonishing.
Daniel Day-Lewis reaches new acting heights as Lincoln while Sally Field matches him talent for talent as Mary Todd Lincoln.
This is a surprisingly bad movie.
Never before in American cinema have politics and poetry combined to make such spellbinding bedfellows.
[Day-Lewis] brings humanity and warmth to a man too often made static by history.
The weight of history is certainly present in every scene, but so are the undeniable correlations between past and present that make it feel so immediate and pertinent.
The very talented cast of this film is put to good use, thanks to Spielberg's sure direction and a strong script, written by Tony Kushner ('Munich').
Perhaps the most restrained and grown-up movie of [Spielberg's] career.
Daniel Day-Lewis is picture-perfect as 'Lincoln.'
Spielberg respects his audience's intelligence enough to tell the complex story and maintain a great deal of historical accuracy.
Why don't we give the best actor Oscar to Daniel Day-Lewis right now and save everyone a lot of trouble?
It's the most remarkable movie Steven Spielberg has made in quite a spell, and one of the things that makes it remarkable is how it fulfills those expectations by simultaneously ignoring and transcending them.
A poignant portrait of Lincoln's last days, time spent as a marked man making his appointed rounds en route to his rendezvous with destiny.
Lincoln paints a powerful and compelling portrait of the man who has become an icon. We don't need to see more of his life to understand how rare a figure he was - this window is more than sufficient.
The best aspect of Lincoln is the stellar performance by Daniel Day-Lewis as Abraham Lincoln. Day-Lewis always is devoted to finding the authenticity.
Lincoln's cast gets high marks for making the film more entertaining than it has any right to be.
Superlative and spellbinding, this surprisingly relevant observation on the essence of leadership is, undoubtedly, one of the best pictures of the year.
Figuratively, at its visual core, 'Lincoln' is a collection of Mathew Brady photos come to life. Daniel Day-Lewis dominates. His Oscar worthy performance encompasses greatness...(He) IS Lincoln.
For all its good intentions and spurts of innovation, it never really comes alive as living, breathing history. Instead, it too often plays like an audio reading of the Congressional Record, with some unwieldy domestic scenes tossed in for good measure.
What I wanted to say to Daniel Day-Lewis and Sally Field: for God's sake, just stop and take your Oscars...you're breaking my heart and you're killing me.
Too long, too many side stories but great work from Daniel Day-Lewis. Director Steven Spielberg often shoots him in poses that make him look like Lincoln's famous penny.
History Unbuffed
No matter what, Lincoln is a sharp and patient movie that compares well to other contemplative films seen in recent years. Like The Social Network or Moneyball, we step inside the process and explore it in vivid detail.
A lively, intelligent, and even fun examination of how one man inspired America to change forever.
Lincoln lives, vividly, in Daniel Day-Lewis' performance.
We end up believing in the actor, in Lincoln himself, and in his mission - if not exactly the self-imposed pomp and circumstance of the history lesson.
Lincoln peels back the mythos just enough to give us glimpses of our 16th President as a living, breathing man and the result of this loving portrait is one of the best movies of the year.
This is how the political sausage is made and it will make you feel better about American Democracy. Not many movies can say that.
This is a movie that embraces the fullness of English eloquence and dares the audience to keep up.
Lincoln offers proof of what magic can happen when an actor falls in love with his character. Because as great as Day-Lewis has been in his many parts, he has never seemed quite so smitten.
[Day-Lewis] convincingly comprehends Lincoln's melancholy and his humor; his self-deprecation and brandishing of authority; his backwoods simplicity and his highly literate verbal dexterity…
Here Mr. Kushner, through the vessel of Daniel Day-Lewis, marveously encapsulates the cerebral, doubting Lincoln.
When Spielberg humanizes, it works, and when he mythologizes, it doesn't
Though impressively thorough, Lincoln sometimes loses its way
With a remarkable cast, a tight and sharp script, and a sure hand on the helm, it is one of those rare films that was designed to be "great" that turns out actually to be so.
Master shape-shifter Daniel Day-Lewis delivers a monumental portrayal of a man so firmly monumented in our nation's history.
Spielberg understands Lincoln is bigger than him--bigger than any filmmaker, bigger than any of us--and showing him in this new, more human light only enhances his greatness.
A mostly solemn exercise in respectful top-hatted Lincolnism, with some welcome exceptions.
...a masterpiece of manipulated storytelling.
By focusing this drama on the passage of an amendment, director Steven Spielberg has succeeded in making the 16th president a relatable man whose politcal victories were hard-fought.
It's Kushner the playwright who moves "Lincoln" from uncanny historical re-enactment to near-mythic memorial.
I expect spectacular things from Spielberg, so when he delivers something that's just average, it's a bit of a letdown.
This movie is all-politics all-slavery all-the-time, just what was needed to restore some balance to Lincoln movies heavily titled toward youthful promise and political vagueness.
(Daniel) Day-Lewis forges a Lincoln who is a tower of strength, a man who, while others look to the here and now, sees 50 or 100 years ahead.
Steven Spielberg, one of America's best directors, makes the movie come alive; watching it is like eavesdropping on history.
Day-Lewis' astonishing performance - employing a reedy, weathered Illinois voice of a pre-soundbite generation - finds the razor-sharp political mind behind the folksy talk.
'Lincoln' is top-shelf adult entertainment, and a wonderful way of underlining one of the most important ideas in regard to how our own political system works today...
Historical arguments aside, there is no mistaking that Lincoln is likely one of the best films of the year.
Succeeds beyond what one had any right to hope in avoiding simple hagiography, capturing Lincoln's human frailty as well as his wily political side.
The film masterfully captures the dual dilemmas facing the president in the final months of his life: how to bring the war between the states to an end, and how to eradicate slavery, once and for all.
Lincoln is a stirring reminder that politics can be noble. Might there be a lesson here for today's shrill D.C. discourse? 'Tis a consummation devoutly to be wished.
Day-Lewis' voice is thin and reedy, which jibes with historical accounts but subverts our expectations. His attitude makes listeners lean in, and so do we, magnetized by his kindly reserve.
You may not remember much else from the two and a half hours, but you will remember the powerful portrayals of these characters in a film that is beautifully shot and directed. It is doubtful you will see better performances this year.
The events of the tale might be 150 years old, but they couldn't be more relevant to today's political climate.
Spielberg ... manages to give us a Lincoln for our times, inspiringly heroic but demonstrably human.
Daniel Day-Lewis is so good in "Lincoln" he makes a $5 bill look phony.
Spielberg is legendary for his visual feasts, yet he serves us this turkey with no relish. There's scarcely a memorable image in the entire film.
An airless, directionless lump of a movie that somehow makes dependably committed work from star Daniel Day-Lewis feel like an audition tape for the "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln" audio-animatronic gig at Disneyland.
Daniel Day-Lewis' portrayal (is) a marvel of physical resemblance and thoughtful acting choices. You could probably pass a counterfeit $5 bill with his picture on it without much trouble.
If it sounds like so much backroom politicking, it is. But it's exceptionally interesting, entertaining backroom politicking.
Even if the movie is no classic, Day-Lewis' performance belongs to the ages.
The true tussle of the movie, however, is between the Spielberg who, like a cinematic Sandburg, is drawn aloft toward legend and the Spielberg who is tugged down by Kushner's intricate screenplay toward documentary grit.
Lincoln is a smart, insightful, emotionally stirring, and highly relevant historical drama with mesmerizing performances and outstanding writing. It is one of the best films of 2012.
Day-Lewis, an Everest among actors, disappears into his part after the first few scenes. He makes us forget all others who have played the part or could have played it this time while making us think about Abraham Lincoln in a new way.
The most eloquent episode of Schoolhouse Rock ever made.
A bold film that sidesteps the standard sort of hagiography, peering at Lincoln sideways and slantways, trying to get at the man behind the mythology.
Thanks to a strong cast and a smart story that's historically, morally and politically rich, Lincoln will go down as one of Spielberg's greatest accomplishments.
While I can see some audience members who weren't prepared for this story getting restless or even bored, I was captivated by the performances and see this as another historical win for Steven Spielberg.
It's not the fast-paced war film some might have expected given the director's history, but "Lincoln" instead triumphs as the definitive portrayal of a man working towards what we would consider one of his finest hours in his too-short life.
Daniel Day-Lewis plays Lincoln as a true mid-westerner, a wry, twinkle-eyed statesman that understood how conviction and likeability could affect the hearts of men. This man has no equal as an actor.
"A richly detailed interpretation of all the backroom deals, political horse- trading and compromises Lincoln and his allies had to make to put an end to slavery in America.
[A] handsome and discriminating historical drama.
Lincoln is the work of a different director, one truly fascinated by why his subjects do what they do, one who invests each moment with the artistry he has often reserved for setpieces.
If an exquisitely wrought dramatization about a president who is the gold standard to the greatest number of American brings new awareness of our history to a generally non-inquisitive or tuned-in public, it will be a timeless success.
Long, cheesy political monologues and crucifies the Lincoln legacy. What a torture! Director Steven Spielberg and screenwriter Tony Kushner turn the hallowed figure of Abraham Lincoln into a dreary sop.
One luxuriates amidst so much good acting, serene with the thought that a master technician is at the controls, with every detail thought out and presented just so.
I honestly don't know how audiences are going to respond to what is essentially 2.5 hours of speechifying bookended by brief scenes of wartime atrocity.
moments of real grandeur narrated to death by John Williams's inspiring(TM) and rousing(TM) score
"Lincoln" is a transcendent film for the director [Steven Spielberg], more than even "Schindler's List," and...may be his best, most completely realized film to date.
Spielberg's entertaining and bravely esoteric tale of 1860s politics comes with an unfortunate side dish of contrived family drama that's as hokey as it is dull.
I never anticipated that I'd come out of this film, which I expected would be heavy-handed and ponderous, saying, 'Wow, that may be the funniest movie of Spielberg's career.'
...historically laughable, it's so boring it makes one yearn to watch grass grow.
MY Lincoln kills Vamps in crappy 3D. This Lincoln is a brilliant movie that has no soul or pulse. Its like Downtown Abbey or Homeland, you are compelled to say you like it - even though in reality you don't.
Like Kushner's Angels in America, Lincoln is less a literal history than a work that uses a historical moment to meditate on grand themes.
There are long stretches that are as quiet, contemplative, and austere as anything Spielberg has ever done.
It's not an action film. It's not a war film. The majority of it takes place in rooms with mustachioed men talking to other mustachioed men. But it's fascinating to watch.
The attention to detail is beyond belief, all of which speaks to Spielberg's huge commitment to bringing this incredible moment in our nation's past to life.
Spielberg orchestrates the divided Congress in a manner befitting the greatest social stigma in America's history. From that standpoint, "Lincoln" hits on all cylinders.
The performances are top notch in Lincoln as Daniel Day-Lewis proves once again that he's one of the most talented actors still working today and the film is even pretty amusing at times with an ending so powerful that it's almost overwhelming.
Lincoln is a film about the arts of suasion-one that encompasses oratory and extortion, conciliation and conspiracy, arms twisted and cheeks turned. It is a film, in short, about politics.
...not the volcanic Day-Lewis we've come to expect, but a worn, weary version of him. It's Day-Lewis covered in volcanic ash.
Day-Lewis's Lincoln is the spiritual center of the film, but he's ringed by a multitudinous cast of characters.
Lincoln is easily recommendable to those looking for an intriguing and wittily-humorous look at a very pivotal (and still very relevant) point in U.S. history
Monumental
Outstanding drama about revered leader's political genius.
For a man so funny, so vital, so literally larger than life, "Lincoln" remains a Daguerreotype - careful, quiet and dully framed.
Lincoln serves history better than it does the multiplex, and that's a brave and worthy thing in a time of slippery truths and splintered attention spans.
A handsomely mounted civics lesson wrapped around a mesmerizing performance by Daniel Day-Lewis.
This is a dense, wordy movie, one that's unafraid to take its time, trusting that the audience will be fascinated enough by the reality of the political process to keep up.
Incredible acting- not only from Daniel Day-Lewis, but also Tommy Lee Jones, James Spader, Jared Harris, Sally Field and everyone else. A truly amazing ensemble.
Day-Lewis doesn't play Abraham Lincoln, he is Abraham Lincoln in a performance that will have you seriously questioning if what you're watching is a documentary shot in the 1860s.
Though "Lincoln" feels more like a play than a film, and will appeal mostly to history and political buffs, it is one of Steven Spielberg's best and most important movies.
Often fascinating and beautiful to look at, Steven Spielberg's latest forms an imperfect union of history and storytelling.
Its characters, people who lived long ago and who tended to be much more loquacious than a 140-character burst would allow, somehow seem to breathe the same air we do.
Plays like a two-hour speech, a solemn slog to a foregone conclusion, a dreary march to the inevitable.
An average movie blessed with an amazing performance.
"Lincoln" gratifyingly dodges the kind of safe, starchy hagiography that some Spielberg skeptics feared.
Yes, this is a movie about people talking in rooms. And the talk, at its best, fascinates.
Everywhere you turn in Lincoln, there is a formidable actor acting.
Depicts a side of Abraham Lincoln and the American political system that is equally stimulating and intellectually inspiring.
We're left admiring him all the more for his similarities to us mere mortals, and wondering sadly how much different life might be right now if the fates had allowed him to live.
The cast is overflowing with talent, and every actor gets at least one moment in the spotlight.
Among the hundreds of characterizations in film, television and books, Day-Lewis' rendition of the 16th President - transmuting the myth into a man -- just may be the definitive portrayal for the ages.
Fittingly for an election season that has now just ended, we're treated to a movie that's a candidate for one of the best films of the year.
Lincoln could abolish Argo's Oscar hopes.
Steven Spielberg's film is a sober assessment of its subject. This is Lincoln, the man and, above all, the politician.
Watching the film, which is so emotionally frigid it could chill a person clear to the bone, it is impossible to even entertain the vision of a filmmaker such as Steven Spielberg being behind the camera.
A robust, engrossing story that illuminates our own time as well as the era of the 16th and arguably greatest President.
Lincoln has been an oracle, and now, in Steven Spielberg's "Lincoln," as portrayed by Daniel Day-Lewis, he is a man.
"Lincoln" looks like a big historical drama on an epic scale, but it's also a tightly focused study of character, principle and politics.
The portrait of Lincoln transcends conventional judgments; it's a complete creation, perfect on its own terms.
Its title notwithstanding, Lincoln is an absorbing, intellectual look at the political machinations involved in abolishing slavery, not an exhaustive biopic about Honest Abe.
Lincoln feels like a work of legitimate importance, and not only because it shows that people did just as much snarky, politicized yelling back in 1865.
This Lincoln isn't an abstracted, infallible ideal, but rather a deeply conflicted, often lonely leader simply trying to do the right thing - even if that means a few wrong things along the way.
"Lincoln" gives us a Spielberg we haven't seen before, one who can communicate nineteenth century American history somewhat in the way Kenneth Branaugh translated Shakespeare for modern audiences.
There is nothing bravura or overly emotional about Spielberg's direction here, but the impeccable filmmaking is no less impressive for being quiet and to the point.
Spielberg has made a movie about thinkers and debaters for thinkers and debaters. He has made a movie where eloquence and conviction are the action elements, not chases and explosions.
It provides Daniel Day-Lewis with an opportunity for his latest extraordinary performance, one filled with kindness and strength in equal measure.
"Lincoln" does something that, at this very particular moment in time, seems almost impossible to comprehend. It makes politics exciting again.
It's a must-see for Daniel Day-Lewis' charismatic, subtly shaded performance as Lincoln - and an even richer one by Tommy Lee Jones ...
"Lincoln" is wrapped in the heavy cloak of the traditional biopic, with all the top-shelf acting, period detail and important speeches the genre requires.
A very special historical drama about Lincoln's leadership skills during the tense times of civil war and racial enmity.
Without question, the greatest film ever made about the American legislative process.
Daniel Day-Lewis is extraordinary as the president, capturing his wit and generosity but also the iron will that made him the country's greatest hero.
The phenomenal Daniel Day-Lewis plays Lincoln with immersive, indelible power in Spielberg's brilliant, brawling epic.
A studied and stunningly wonky meditation on compromise.
Lincoln [gets] a little too caught up in the intricacies of the political process at times, but it's an engaging behind the scenes look at one of the country's most historic moments.
Daniel Day-Lewis gives an amazing performance that's fully-realized, inspirational and powerfully restrained, and the film is all the better for it.
Shot in sepia tints, with detailed period sets and ornate facial hair, the tableaux vivants that constitute Steven Spielberg's wry hagiography resemble Mathew Brady daguerreotypes, and are about as lively.
Lincoln is brain food and, at another pivotal moment in American political history, an instructive feast.
To say that this is among the finest films ever made about American politics may be to congratulate it for clearing a fairly low bar.
It's pretty incredible that Steven Spielberg got the real Abraham Lincoln to play himself.
An elegiac turn from a filmmaker we thought was out of new tricks, a vivid, melancholy and meditative look at one of America's most revered presidents.
It blends cinematic Americana with something grubbier and more interesting than Americana, and it does not look, act or behave like the usual perception of a Spielberg epic.
Lincoln is built around a magnetic Day-Lewis turn, and the film is a memorable, sometimes stirring look at how even the most righteous bill must struggle, and even cheat, to become a law.
The hallmark of the man, performed so powerfully by Daniel Day-Lewis in "Lincoln," is calm self-confidence, patience and a willingness to play politics in a realistic way.
One of the best American movies this year, and Spielberg's finest work in decades.
Though static--the talking is the action--this is a worthy addition to cinematic biopics, one featuring an Oscar-worthy role from Daniel Day-Lewis.
This Lincoln, stunningly portrayed by Spielberg and Day-Lewis, is real and relatable and so, so cool.
One of the finest historical dramas ever committed to film. It's a triumph for Spielberg, Kushner and, most of all, Day-Lewis.
Tony Kushner's amazingly clear and articulately talkative script celebrates the ability to express oneself in words that are at once lofty and pithy, provocative and stirring.
In all, there's too much material, too little revelation and almost nothing of Spielberg's reliable cinematic flair.
This is a movie that's easier to admire than love; it's impressive but not exactly moving.
A brilliantly articulated, rigorously accurate, tough-minded historical drama that focuses on character and meaning over spectacle.
Lincoln is a stirring paradox, a dream of history as it might truly have happened.
Defiantly intellectual, complex and true to the shifting winds of real-world governance, Lincoln is not the movie that this election season has earned-but one that a more perfect union can aspire to.
By the time the movie ends, you don't feel as if you know Lincoln-few, in his own time, claimed to know him. But you feel as if you know what it was like to be in his presence.
Spielberg, always praised as storyteller and master of spectacle, is also a great actor's director, inspiring Daniel Day-Lewis to give a spellbinding performance, subtle, multi-shaded, devoid of thearicality or mannerisms; the entire cast is flawless.
A fascinating, savvy look at the inner-workings of the political process and how things in the White House get - or don't get - done
One of the best acted films of the year.
Lincoln looks amazing, sounds amazing, and has enough talent to make it an exhilarating learning experience.
This small glimpse at the Lincoln presidency gives them many opportunities to build up a great American hero. All of this is possible only through Daniel Day-Lewis' unparalleled performance.
The motivating force of Lincoln belongs to its leading man, whose screen presence is a wonder to behold even when he says nothing.
With Lincoln, director Steven Spielberg and star Daniel Day-Lewis deliver a poignant portrait of the slain U.S. President's struggle to end slavery and the Civil War.
Steven Spielberg's film may further the heroism so associated with its subject, and favor a liberal viewpoint that leers down at the Confederates, but it's no bleeding-heart glamorization.
Though historians will surely find room to quibble, every choice Day-Lewis makes lends dignity and gravitas to America's most revered figure.
A stirring portrait of Abraham Lincoln but, perhaps more importantly, a quietly compelling look into the nitty-gritty process of democratic government.
An absorbing, densely packed, sometimes funny telling of the 16th president's masterful effort in manipulating the passage of the 13th amendment.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Steven Spielberg's "Lincoln" is a mess.
If only modern American politics were remotely as entertaining.

@highlight

Daniel Day-Lewis characteristically delivers in this witty, dignified portrait that immerses the audience in its world and entertains even as it informs.