I loved T2, which is to say that I succumbed consciously but entirely to its charms.
An insta-classic piece of filmmaking, perfectly capturing the spirit and personality of the original yet somehow making you feel engaged and interested in a follow-up that, let's face it, you likely didn't have the need to see.
You don't have to be gloating over a wasted generation to embrace T2 Trainspotting, a confident, quirky comedy-drama that skillfully alternates bangs and whimpers.
It mostly succeeds ... in advancing the characters' dramatic arcs in interesting ways. I mean, who wouldn't want to watch old friends build a whorehouse together?
T2 Trainspotting tries hard to match the shocking flair of the original but leaves one wishing the gang would grow up.
... reminds us that, beyond the moments in which we can feel at the top, life never stops. [Full review in Spanish]
... in T2 Trainspotting we see nothing but the representation of the current state of everyone behind it: the yearning, the nostalgia for the best times. [Full review in Spanish]
The sequel feels constrained and shows even more blatantly the thinness of the plot.
T2 Trainspotting makes the case that addicts are addicts and always will be, so they must channel that lust into a different passion, which is brilliantly realized by the end of the film
Danny Boyle returns to direct and uses the same relentless mix of music, camerawork and editing to induce that familiar adrenaline-fuelled movie high.
Choose to forego a definite plot for what feels like a bunch of sketches thrown together.
The music, the energy, the reality and the poignancy make this cult classic as relevant today as it was when it captured the disaffected Scottish youth over 20 years ago.
If T2 avoids the original's more grotesque moments, it maintains its high energy. Few movie sequels are ever truly necessary, but this one proves more winning than most.
There's nothing mellow about T2 or its characters, but it's a savvy companion to the first film if you like your biting social commentary spiced with a dash of rue.
Ultimately, T2 is a grown-up sequel made with refreshing maturity.
If the world genuinely required another story about self-doubting middle-aged man-boys (and in fairness, it doesn't), this handles that material awfully well.
T2 lacks the electrifying juice or novelty of its predecessor, but it's enjoyable in a loopy way -- even if it is an exercise in superfluity.
If the story is ever-so-slightly predictable, it's no less pleasurable to watch it unfold.
In T2, our four main characters examine their lives and the degrees of cool they may have once achieved, or whether they ended up like one of Sick Boy's former heroes, reduced to a shadow of their former glorious shells.
Like the excellent original, this worthy sequel is similarly distinguished by some memorable set-pieces, superb dialogue, and smashing performances.
Seeing these characters 20 years on has its own pleasure, especially since there was no reason to think that any of them would actually live past 30.
That's why this is the rare sequel that knocks it out of the park; director Danny Boyle isn't trying to reinvent the wheel.
Like its predecessor, T2 Trainspotting aggressively shocks and charms, a singular example of cinematic bravura now improbably duplicated.
A movie that tears into its characters' nostalgia for the past - and our own - with darkly comic gusto.
T2: Trainspotting is inferior to its predecessor, but that doesn't mean that it's not an excellent drama with comedic touches and great performances. [Full review in Spanish]
In a nutshell: the watchable yet somewhat sloppy T2 Trainspotting only sporadically entertains and we don't feel sorry for letting it go when the ending comes.
While T2 may never become as iconic a film for those who lived through the first outing, it's definitely got the ability to become a firm-favourite for them... and a younger generation.
The first Trainspotting was about heroin. The second is about another dangerously addictive drug: Nostalgia.
Trainspotting 2, isn't bad, but it's a failed attempt to emulate the success of its predecessor. [Full review in Spanish]
A surprisingly dark climax marked with hilariously overwrought lighting is everything to love and hate about "T2 Trainspotting" - and Danny Boyle - all at once.
A fun and welcomed trip down memory lane. Catching up with these guys wasn't so bad after all. Better than expected. [Full review in Spanish]
The quartet of gifted actors can't possibly match their youthful charisma... but they can find deeper resonance in the characters' emotional lives, a sense of lessons learned and proper amends proffered.
While T2 doesn't recapture the excitement of the original, it's a decent diversion.
Danny Boyle's useless recovery on of one of his greatest successes. [Full review in Spanish]
There isn't a classic scene that we will remember for many years, but it is still a visual delight. [Full review in Spanish]
Trainspotting 2 isn't better than its predecessor, but it's a wonderful epilogue. [Full review in Spanish]
The sequel may not be as cool as the original, but it's certainly the work of a more sophisticated director and cast. [Full review in Spanish]
Bitterly cynical, redundantly evoking regret and acceptance.
By the usual cold Hollywood studio standards, T2 Trainspotting had no right to be as good as it actually is.
Amusing, but somewhat toothless.
Unintelligible for new viewers, appropriate only for the superfan, and even then, an unsatisfying hit.
The drugs, some sex and a lot of pulse-pounding sounds all likely will suggest more to those of us who went ga-ga over their first grand go-round than to movie-goers making Boyle's wild Scottish scene for the first time.
It's taken 20 years to get an update on the guys. But the film proves that the pish and vinegar that made the characters so much fun doesn't weaken with time.
Boyle's visual panache and rapid-fire storytelling bounce around the characters, while Lodge keeps the mile-a-minute dialogue sharp.
Boyle and his characters have a few more wrinkles and regrets now, but they haven't lost their rowdy energy and wit, qualities that keep the electricity going in T2 Trainspotting.
T2 is not only a great film in its own right, but a perfect continuation of a classic that more than likely didn't need to be expanded upon.
T2 is a fine movie.
In a time of year we don't ordinarily great films, this one comes very, very close.
"T2 Trainspotting" is mostly a character study of damaged people trying to reconcile their troubled pasts and find a motivation to move forward.
If there's any justice, T2 will find the enthusiastic audience that its zippy style and trippy energy demand.
Not suitable for anyone who wants to see the same craziness as in 1996. It works more as a generational reunion. [Full review in Spanish]
A film nowhere near as revelatory as the original, but in some ways more satisfying, the proper closing of a tale that had been left open-ended.
British director Danny Boyle's sequel to 1996's wildly exuberant exploration of the drug culture in Scotland has all the original players, but not much of a plot.
Nothing in T2 is memorable.
It may not be as relevant as its predecessor, but if there were no nostalgia, no one would be watching it, that's the factor that makes it effective. [Full review in Spanish]
Even if it doesn't match the urgency of the original, it certainly recaptures its energy. [Full review in Portuguese.]
It mostly feels like a ride we've already taken, serving to remind us of the vastly superior film that spawned it.
As a revealing and edgy sequel, 'T2 Trainspotting' is right on track.
Improbably, the film vaults over most pitfalls of long-threatened sequels while evolving the delicately crafted world in the original. It's a more sober, mature film, but no less entertaining or provocative.
How this T2 ties up isn't satisfying enough, but enough loose ends are left on the floor for another fix in 10 or 20 years.
Choose a good excuse to see Danny Boyle work his directorial magic on a nostalgia blast.
T2 Trainspotting is a fine reunion, and while the punk portion might not be as raucous as it once was, that doesn't mean these four men have forgotten how to rock one tiny little bit.
...has plenty of energy and affection, but not much purpose.
If "Trainspotting" was about young men running from consequences, "T2" is about middle-aged men finally facing them.
T2 ... isn't a rehash. It's an evolution, one that uses the power of the past to inform the peculiarities of the present.
The (relative) wisdom of middle age makes T2 a richer character study, the tragicomic junkies evolving into full-fledged human beings.
Even when it's corny and a wee bit manipulative and you know that is exactly what it's doing, you sort of don't mind.
With a pulsing soundtrack and an ending scene that cleverly ties the whole thing back to the first picture, T2 is a sequel that is at least the equal of the revered original.
T2 Trainspotting has one foot firmly planted in nostalgia and the other rooted in the present, and thanks in great part to Boyle's unique, world-class talent, everything old feels new again.
The good feeling of reuniting with old friends is too powerful here.
By setting our anti-heroes' self-mythologizing against Veronika's own willfully-blocked horrors or the waking nightmare of Spud's all-too-clear-eyed recall, T2 doesn't quite indulge the same melancholy high of romanticized origins.
A stale reminder of what once seemed new and fresh...done up with frenetic dash that reeks more of desperation than inspiration.
Bad sequels try to re-create the original movie; good ones explore its narrative consequences. That's certainly the case with T2.
If there's going to be a Trainspotting sequel, T2 Trainspotting is the best case scenario. It rewards a cult-like obsession with the first film, incorporating copious visual callbacks to Trainspotting and nuggets of the original's soundtrack into its DNA.
Manages to be a deeper, more meaningful chapter in this brain-scrambled saga, enjoying the rush of nostalgia and renewed danger as it deals with a crisis that's more universal than substance abuse: aging.
This movie needed two decades to grow into what it is, which is a worthy sequel to a modern classic.
The saga's second coming will hit your head like a beer stein dropped from a pub mezzanine.
"T2" is not a great film, but its pleasures are great - and so rare and accomplished that it raises "T2" to a level approximating greatness.
A follow-up that captures the brio and brotherly angst and affection of its predecessor, if not its clarion sense of urgency.
This may be the most beautifully shot downer of the year, so woeful is its tone. That said, it's also a pulse-quickening thrill to see these wretched once-upon-a-time rebels going mad for the racket once again.
'T2 Trainspotting' is a movie reeking of desperation, made by a director going through a malaise, looking for a spark to reignite his creative juices.
In one scene Mark revisits his celebrated "Choose Life" monologue and revs up a new one-but he comes across like a scold now, taking jabs at cellphones and social media. Suddenly T2 sounds like somebody's parent.
It's easy to knock "T2," especially if you're a die-hard fan of the original...Still, "T2" - with its brash sense of brotherly bonhomie that hasn't mellowed with age - is a lot of dark fun.
I doubt the film will work nearly as well for anyone who didn't have a poster of these guys hanging on their dorm room wall, but when it hits it leaves a mark.
"T2 Trainspotting" wears out its welcome slowly, like a group of old men running out of stories to tell in an afternoon pub.
The follow-up is as wistful as the first film was wild, which is another way of saying "T2" feels like a ghost of its former self.
The movie becomes - unexpectedly, and unhappily for those looking for another generational anthem - a rueful song about failure.
In T2 there's no lust for life, it's a film about nostalgia criticizing nostalgia itself. [Full review in Spanish]
An intelligent film that closes a circle with nostalgia without disappointing at all. Choose life. Choose to see T2. [Full review in Spanish]
The director tries to give another meaning to the story by placing it in a different context. Nostalgic, fun, and yes, it still has that punk essence that permeated the first film. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is about the whole world, the dominance of a system that puts us in a cycle to continue oppressing us, to take advantage of our love for the past and the comfort of denial. [Full review in Spanish]
The sparse, cold satisfaction that could be wrung from Trainspotting's punk insolence has been replaced by an exhausted cynicism. Which is exactly right.
T2 is probably smarter and more meaningful than the first, but instead of finding hope at the end it ends up trapped in navel-gazing purgatory.
Plotting isn't really what 'T2' is about, and they know it; it's about coming to terms with one's past, and how it informs what you've become.
Certainly a best-case scenario as far as sequels to iconic classics go. McGregor, Miller, Bremmer, Carlyle and Boyle haven't missed a beat in the twenty plus years since the first.
At 20 [their] behavior is Rimbaud romantic; at 40 it's a nuisance. Why won't filmmakers shrug off their "sequel-itis" and just let their iconic characters live their destinies without us anymore?
For a sequel in which many familiar faces and locations are reprised, T2 Trainspotting is unusually candid about the hazards of looking backwards for too long, especially by sequel standards.
the filmmakers have retrofitted echoes (and flashbacks) of the first film's groundbreaking style into their tale of middle-aged men dealing with a present shaped by their pasts [but] "T2" won't work nearly as well for those who come to it uninitiated.
Director Danny Boyle's sequel, arriving 20 years after his groundbreaking original, maintains an energetic visual flair, as well as confronting, rather than ignoring, the passage of time.
[Acknowledges] its history while moving the story forward with some sincere reflection on aging and masculinity.
Repeatedly tips its hat to Trainspotting in such a blatant fashion that it ultimately, and sadly, hinders itself.
The referential treatment is wise - it's truly the only way a sequel like this could get away with existing.... That interrogation becomes a quicksand in which the film is repeatedly and unfortunately bogged down.
If you're one of this breed of Trainspotting diehards, I implore you to hold out hope at least long enough to see the surprising gloss of the movie's lens as not a betrayal, but a natural complement to the original's grit and grain.
Although T2 Trainspotting has a melancholy streak, a nostalgia for a time of crazy energy and resiliency, Boyle seems desperate to prove he has lost none of his youthful giddiness and that he can go home again.
"T2" questions its own existence, proving just satisfying enough by being as unromantic as its predecessor. The first "Trainspotting" was about the horror of heroin, while "T2" argues that nostalgia is just as addictive a proposition -- and just as toxic.
The passing of two decades can take the piss out of these era-defining Nineties rebels. Still, there's a hard-won wisdom at work here, as well as an aching sense of loss. .
A wittily self-referential romp about the disillusionment of age.
An interesting character study and a nice book-end to the original Trainspotting.
Being constantly in motion has served [Boyle] well, and T2 manages somehow to both wallow in nostalgia and stand back in judgment of it.
It never comes up with a coherent answer for why it exists, other than to indulge in the same nostalgia that its characters find so toxic.
While "T2" might be middle-aged, it's very far from moribund, the despondent base notes shouldering a story of revenge and regret, amity and acceptance.
Anyone who loved Trainspotting needs to see T2.
Trainspotting evoked in its audience its characters' experience, and T2 does as well. Choose life, as Mark would say, and choose a sequel that lives pretty comfortably in its predecessor's shadow.
T2 never quite captures the spark of its predecessor, but in some ways that's part of the point.
There's something reassuring about how little Sick Boy, Begbie, Spud and Renton have learned about life in the past two decades.
"T2" is utterly bereft of ideas about aging, taking responsibility or the virtues of a life more ordinary.
The first film was revolutionary. The second is evolutionary. And therein lies the difference, and the line between great and good.
T2 squeaks by on the charm of its actors, all of whom still look pretty damn good--especially McGregor, who remains a charismatic wag.
The film's four lead actors all slip seamlessly back into their onscreen alter egos as if they've been keeping tabs on them all these years.
The filmmakers don't pretend T2 doesn't live in the shadow of the original. Fortunately, they play on that.
Scotland's four favorite dope fiends are still fun to watch, even if they don't have all that much on their minds.
T2 Trainspotting is the cinematic equivalent of discovering that there is no Santa Claus.
An opportunity to wallow in grimy nostalgia seems to be its sole purpose.
There is one scene that conjures the spirit of the original.
"T2 Trainspotting" should not work as well as it does. In fact, it shouldn't work at all. But up there on the screen, where it matters, the dark magic remains intact and logic be damned.
T2 is Boyle's Before Sunset, and for those of us in its generational sweet spot, watching it is like running into that friend you didn't think you liked any more and remembering why you hung out in the first place.
Rather than romanticizing their drug-fueled youth, T2 is about accepting that reality and finding value in it.
It doesn't seek to please a new audience, but I find it hard to believe that fans can feel the same as in 1996 due to its nostalgic and melancholic tone. [Full review in Spanish]
The heart of T2 lies in the relationship between Renton and Sick Boy, but their rocky reunion is another victim both to the wheel-spinning innate in Hodge's script and Boyle's relative lack of fresh ideas.
This derivative sequel might please fans looking for a quick fix of nostalgia, but with nothing new to say, it seems not even Boyle and his cast are sure why T2 Trainspotting exists.
There is something woefully nostalgic about watching McGregor, Miller, Bremner and Carlyle running down the cobblestone streets of Edinburg with an urgency and abandonment... The guys are a few paces slower, and almost as reckless. Just like T2.
Director Danny Boyle recaptures lightning in a bottle. T2 Trainspotting is a vivid, frenetic sequel to the cult classic that made Ewan McGregor a star.
Like its characters, T2 Trainspotting doesn't know why it exists, only that it does.
No, the annoyingly titled "T2 Trainspotting" isn't as terrific as the 20-year-old first. But it is killer as a movie about aging.
For those of us who have survived our own rollercoaster friendships, T2's trip is far more intense than Trainspotting's youthful highs.
T2 is enjoyable enough as a film, and I am sure that those who Trainspotting resonated most with will slip back into the world gleefully, as into an old pair of slippers. But as a sequel to an era-defining pop culture touchstone, it falls a little flat.
When they're not busy self-referencing, T2's creators have no idea what kind of movie they want this to be.
While it's great to catch up with these eclectic characters, the screenplay is slight. The first movie was 30 minutes shorter and yet it feels like it covered twice as much material.
The story the film tells is less important than the way it tells it. Watching T2 is like experiencing your own moment of truth, as you confront the idea you have of yourself with the reality of how your life has turned out.
A film that, despite its failures, which are not few, meets the most essential promises. In the film there are even, and must not forget, those doses of dark humor that helped give Trainspotting a unique and special tone. [Full review in Spanish]
The Trainspotting team have managed to come up with one of the best examples of how good sequels work.
Doyle has lost none of his wild stylistic imagination, deploying dreamscapes, visual metaphors, perfect snatches of song, human-scale VFX and plenty of footage from the original film to tie them together perfectly, in tone, structure, style and feel.
There are scenes to get excited about and others that make us think why we are watching it but it manages to be entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
Quite entertaining, but as Renton observes at one point: "It's just nostalgia! You're a tourist in your own youth."
It can be worth revisiting once youthful characters decades later, but often people get less interesting as they get older: T2 Trainspotting has less to say than its classic antecedent, and takes significantly more time to say it.
This wants to be as wild and brilliant as the original but isn't.
If the first film tapped into the chemical generation, T2 deals with our addiction to nostalgia. ... A marvellous sequel.
While T2 isn't as tight or as groundbreaking as its predecessor, Boyle once again uses those expectations in his favor. To surpass his original would oddly defeat the purpose of the sequel, a film that argues things don't get much better as time goes on.
There are nods to how contemporary Scotland has changed, but Boyle's desire to intertwine then and now mostly puts commentary aside for a remix project that uses Trainspotting as a series of parts to be sampled for the sequel.
It's not bad at all, however its old charm has disappeared. [Full review in Spanish]
The problem is not that they repeat formulas for this sequel or that all of it is a bad copy of its predecessor...the bad thing is that feeling of an adulterated product. [Full review in Spanish]
'T2: Trainspotting' is a sequel that is worth it despite being below the first film. [Full review in Spanish]
Ultimately, the battle between the engaging and the all-too-easy is what you'll find coursing through T2: Trainspotting's veins.
T2: Trainspotting entertains and thrills. But most of all it makes you take a good hard look at yourself.
Veering from the outrageous, hilarious, moments you'd expect to genuine bouts of melancholy, T2 is a bloody good film in its own right.
T2 Trainspotting holds a mirror up to itself and its audience, then proceeds to do a massive line off coke of it.
While T2 never gives off the same contact highs as the original Trainspotting, the writing, direction and performances are all primed to deliver a valid new perspective on these characters.
T2: Trainspotting might be dressed in crime caper clobber, but at heart, it's a film about men, mateship and arrested emotional development.
T2 is not Trainspotting. It will not be the movie of a new generation, but it will be able to satisfy the previous ones if they manage to tiptoe through a new absurd plot. [Full review in Spanish]
While T2 wasn't necessary, we'll all be glad it happened anyway. Boyle has managed to craft both a worthy tribute and a piece of cinema that will stand on its own in another 20 years' time.
The "f*ck you" of your teens and twenties is finite. "T2 Trainspotting" tackles the malaise of your 30s and beyond.
The characters do not have the brittle edge, the dangerous dynamism they did before. They're just not as interesting.
T2 Trainspotting is about the comedown and facing the consequences
While there are moments that fall flat -- some of the brawls go on way too long -- it is fun to see where the guys have landed. Boyle, who made Slumdog Millionaire, proves he is still a master at finding humor and life in the grimmest spots.
A sequel that, while it's not disappointing, it also doesn't have too many findings. [Full review in Spanish]
Compared to its predecessor, director Danny Boyle's T2 Trainspotting is a relatively aimless and sedate experience.
The melancholy here is truthful and painful, but T2: Trainspotting rarely shows insight into what that failure brings about.
T2 feels like a meaningful and intelligent sequel; one that explores the melancholic side of nostalgia, rather than simply cashing in on it for it cheap pleasures.
"T2," for all its noise and neon, has little to say to fill it.
Hilarious and devastating, with quick-fire dialogue and black, black humour, T2 gives us just as much honesty as the original did.
The grim druggy undertow of the original is absent, with regret and redemption providing trickles of pathos amid the capers and carry-on. A worthy postscript.
Boyle's visual storytelling is fluent and imaginative, and the performances are excellent.
Never mind plot: a lot of it isn't even comprehensible.
How could lightening strike twice? The result is both a touching elegy to lost youth and frustrating reminder of past glories.
Drawing on both Welsh's 1993 novel and its 2002 sequel, Porno, returning screenwriter John Hodge forges new narrative paths, remembering the glory days of yore without becoming what Simon calls "a tourist in your own youth".
Nothing hurts more than nostalgia. If you're prone to that particular emotion, T2 Trainspotting is going to hit you like a pint glass flung carelessly backward off a pub balcony: hard.
All the performances are excellent with the greatest satisfaction coming when Bremner's Spud and Carlyle's Begbie are transformed from figures of fun and fear to the three dimensional characters that were missing in the original movie.
The past is thrown up in mid-life as regret, misplaced nostalgia and disappointment, and a few of us like to revisit it and try to make sense of what happened. That truth is what T2: Trainspotting is all about.
Danny Boyle's T2 Trainspotting is a diverting nostalgia exercise, to be sure, but it never really justifies its own existence.
When presented with the script, Boyle et al should just have said no.
This one's clunky title - an in-joke referring to the Terminator movies - isn't an especially auspicious start. But, otherwise, Boyle pretty much nails it.
Fitting, entertaining, and true to itself, T2 does what all good sequels should: making a pleasure of other people's leisure.
In its best moments, the film deploys an inventive range of flashbacks to the first film to show the extent to which nostalgia exerts its grip.
Since the characters have aged into middle-aged men now, the film has a very different kind of energy to it, mixing the visceral imagery with a knowing sense of nostalgia. And once again, it has a lot to say about the state of the world.
T2 justifies its existence in John Hodge's world-weary screenplay, in the unwavering commitment of the central performances and in the desire to see this cast back together for one last encore.
There's a thin line between depicting nostalgia and succumbing to it, and T2 Trainspotting isn't always on the right side.
On to the characters, who were sad and despairing back in the day, but always empathetic and never victims. Here... well, I'm not that sure who they are.
T2 Trainspotting does a good job of honouring the original while finding something new to say, after all, about its roguish anti-heroes.
The new film doesn't have the same kind of focus, or locus, for its dark thrills and hilarity.
The script is hopelessly light on narrative momentum
As before, the film holds up a mirror to the outsider but reveals the citizen.
T2 doesn't do much to renew itself for the modern era.
Far from destroying its predecessor's legacy, T2 builds on it with characters that are older, sadder and definitely not wiser. Heroin chic is making a comeback.
If it's difficult to watch T2 without remembering how much better Trainspotting was, the film's saving grace is its own willingness to comment on this decline.
hat is this sequel about? It's truly hard to say. There are many spinning plates of plot, but no meal to eat. You leave the cinema impressed but unsatisfied.
T2 Trainspotting won't leave you floating on air. But it will leave you with a smile on your face, a tear in your eye, and a trickle of its predecessor's old adrenaline coursing through your veins.
It's clever, well-written and well acted. But not quite what I expected from a Trainspotting sequel.
T2 doesn't quite tap the zeitgeist in the same way as the first film, but what it does do is find the heart in a bunch of characters who were once defined by not caring -- so hopped up on skag they would rip offer their own mams.
Dizzyingly meta, maddeningly broad, then oddly moving.
What's so impressive about T2 is how skilfully it manages to stay true to the spirit of the original while acknowledging just how much has changed in the intervening years.
The manic energy of the original 1996 film has sporadic outbreaks in T2: Trainspotting, but director Danny Boyle is in a more melancholy mood and the story is freighted with self-referential nostalgia and flashbacks to the early days.
It's tragic, funny, sexy, sad, violent, foul-mouthed, absurd and utterly, utterly tremendous.
Choose T2 because it's that rare sequel that works just as well -- and maybe sometimes better -- than the first. Choose T2 because... well because your cinema-going life will feel richer for having done so.
If you loved Trainspotting first time around, you'll probably love this too. If you never saw it, you could start here and go backwards.
This eagerly anticipated sequel was never going to have the same impact as the original endeavour, but as long as you bear that in mind there is plenty to take away, for there is no doubting this picture carries that same, familiar swagger.
The cinematic equivalent of Madonna's cover of 'American Pie'.
It has just enough of those two ingredients that made the first film such a gem: style and soul.
A touching return that avoids sentiment but still manages to intoxicate.
It references the original constantly, but rather than reigniting the subversive energetic joy, it just makes you miss it.
Danny Boyle's long-awaited follow-up gets the tone exactly right, capturing the spirit of the original and making the collective nostalgia an integral part.
A nostalgic, but slight and messy sequel.
Having allowed the material to seethe and stew, director Danny Boyle cooks up another tremendous cocktail of drug taking, violence and prostitution.
In places, it's terrific, but it too often drags in a pool of its own despondency, a miserable and melancholy movie that almost looks a bit embarrassed to be so.
It's inventive and full of surprises.
Though the film feeds on its forerunner, it's worthwhile on its own terms.
Long-awaited, much-delayed and disappointingly redundant ...
Although there are plenty of moments of savage humour, the highs are just not quite so high any more. There's a melancholy maturity, however, which is satisfying in its own way.
It has the same punchy energy, the same defiant pessimism, and there's nothing around like this. This sequel was a high-wire act, but Boyle has made it to the other side.

@highlight

T2 Trainspotting adds an intoxicating, emotionally resonant postscript to its classic predecessor, even without fully recapturing the original's fresh, subversive thrill.