Sensitively considers the potential for liberation of the mind from the shackles of the aging body, no matter how deteriorated that physical human essence might be.
There is a certain meditative grace to the cinematography here, but after a while, well, I was just plain bored.
It's a slight movie, setting a poignant scene but not quite filling out even its running time. Still, I like its wry sense of humor and compassionate heart.
There is a tender, poignant story in here... worthy of a great 20-minute short, not enough to fill writer-director Elliot Greenebaum's rambling mock-documentary.
Has a few enlightening moments but has just as many that are tedious.
[A] charming and original little comedy.
Watching the movie is like conducting a conversation with a loved one stricken by Alzheimer's: It's at once moving and maddening.
The whimsy Greenebaum wants to construct can't match the terminal sadness that naturally takes over the film.
Becomes an affecting story about the bond that develops between shiftless Todd and Mrs. Pearlman.
Assisted Living is a remarkably moving look at the prisons in our midst that most of us manage to ignore until we need them.
Maggie Riley, a former circus performer who suffered two strokes and a heart attack during the filming of this movie, is a revelation in this role [Mrs. Pearlman].
A blend of fact and fiction that feels like a breath of fresh air in a medium that too often trivializes the hard realities of age.
Authentically unconventional -- opening in the form of an almost convincing mock documentary -- but it gradually evolves into something more deeply affecting.
It's a sensitive portrayal of a jolly, caring environment that unwittingly converts its charges into helpless infants.
Viewers who complain about the subject being "depressing" and "uncomfortable" are either missing the point, or simply haven't been to a nursing home in a really long time.
Works more than it doesn't, though it's easy to conclude that the film exploits some of the elderly in the movie.
Assisted Living is both funny and sad and, in the end, it is truly heartwarming.
Says more about aging in America...than all the sweet but false fables Hollywood has manufactured about the elderly. It's worth seeking out.
Todd and Mrs. Pearlman are interesting characters you want to spend time with and get to know thanks to the fine performances by Michael Bonsignore and Maggie Riley.
In this lovely and loving film, the comedy is mellow and the mood is intimate.
Although there is humor throughout, the overall effect of this Slamdance grand-jury winner is saddening in an About Schmidt kind of way.
The easy moral to draw is that everyone needs assistance in living, but the more difficult truth is that living is illusory always.
What gives Assisted Living its power is that the film was shot in a real home for the aged, and the patients -- with the exception of Riley's Mrs. Pearlman -- are genuine.
generously appreciates the very human conditions of its characters and culminates in a unique story worthy of attention
Despite the often depressing nature of this film, it's absolutely pretty to look at throughout -- magnificently shot!
[A] good first effort, a lyrical little movie that is filled with a relaxed Southern charm and a beautiful regard for the people - real and fictional - who inhabit it.
This quiet, often meditative film is filled with observant, graceful touches that suggest the assured hand of a veteran filmmaker.
While never shying away from the unavoidable facts aging, particularly the devastating effects of diseases like Alzheimer's, Greenebaum manages to portray old-age as a condition with its own peculiar beauty and considerable grace.
Tedious, film-school level exercise in self-indulgence and exploitation.
Fascinating experimental film.
Much more drama than fact, but it is the addition of real-life elements that give it such an unusual sense of authenticity and truth.
Gently filmed, quietly thoughtful, sometimes almost heartbreaking.
What gives Assisted Living its unexpected weight is the spectacular turn by Riley, a former circus performer.
He makes a few misguided choices, but the intentions are admirable and the film ultimately wins audience sentiment.
Elliot Greenebaum's hardheaded comedy has the guardedly facetious tone of a fake documentary.
The problem with Greenebaum's approach is that in courting the confusion between real and constructed realities, he allows our emotional response to become similarly confused.
Playing jokes on old people isn't funny.
Parts of the film play like the world's slowest and most insensitive reality show.
Assisted Living could be described as a small film, but it displays more thought and feeling than that moniker implies.
Greenebaum never molds his inchoate elements into any clear shape.
Features a crackerjack performance from Michael Bonsignore as a nursing home slacker with heart.
This art house fodder is just quirky and fresh enough to catch on with audiences.
Has a few moments that charm and a scene or two that even transcend the discomfort of its premise and presentation, but not enough stamina in the end to justify its smoke and mirrors.
Writer/director Elliot Greenebaum perfectly captures the claustrophobic setting of these homes, so that when we finally get out for our catharsis, we want to call our grandparents or parents.


@highlight

An unconventional, heartfelt blend of fact and fiction.