If you find mirrors spooky, stay away. And if you love to check yourself out in the mirror, this low-budget thriller will compel you to think otherwise.
A lot of time and effort in this film is spent on eating, or waiting to eat, or wanting to eat. It's too bad that all the buffet served was varying levels of confusion and impatience.
Without spoiling anything, the last half hour of OCULUS is one of the most stressful, disorienting and hypnotizing divebombs into child's-eye horror I've ever sat through.
The tension just keeps building as layers of new knowledge, for both the characters and the audience, are acquired.
"Oculus" plays like it went straight to DVD in 2005, its over-reliance on technology as a plot device and distractingly bad hair making it feel instantly dated.
Flanagan effectively turns his inanimate killer very much into an entity that's just as deadly as anything with a pulse- a remarkable feat- all while cleverly concocting an intriguing and complicated tale that isn't afraid to get a little nasty.
Good script, strong cast, several quality scares... yeah, it's actually a decent haunted mirror movie!
Director Mike Flanagan (Absentia) apparently has not been paying attention to the rules of making mainstream horror movies in America, and that's probably why Oculus is one of the best American horror movies in years.
By rooting its clever narrative structure in a tragic story, Flanagan has created a horror that pulls on the heartstrings as often as it grabs you by the throat... Nail-biting, mind-bending and very, very scary, Oculus is a must-see.
All that's missing is suspense.
In transitions between matching perspectives or frames, still or in motion, the film posits the blurring of past and present, certainly, but more compellingly, the ways such blurring shapes your sense of self, your trust in your stability and coherence.
Oculus is about one adjustment away from being a superior thriller.
Oculus doesn't do anything especially new - in fact, its vibe is strangely similar to that of last year's Mama - but it's cleverly written, and the actors are all much better than they need to be.
Praised on the festival circuit, it's got what it takes to succeed outside of that rarefied atmosphere.
Horror fans may find the reflection a little familiar.
Oculus is well-acted, looks quite good, and manages some moments of entertainment, but as the minutes tick by it grows weaker and weaker until its final cheat designed to allow for a shocker ending.
In a market increasingly saturated with ghost flicks, Oculus' cursed mirror setup seems to have the makings of a film that can stand out from the pack.
The monster mirror which infects the Russells' unhappy home ends up as just another funhouse trick.
What's missing? A sense of the ineffable.
Oculus, a cleverer-than-average haunted-house movie... speaks to a couple of widespread anxieties-one topical, the other sadly timeless.
Mike Flanagan milks a setup that sounds like typical, b-movie chaff [and] turns it into one of the scarier American horror flicks we've seen in some time.
Uma obra que trabalha por seus sustos em vez de tentar conquistá-los artificialmente através de acordes súbitos na trilha sonora ou de gatos que saltam sobre a mocinha vindos sabe-se-lá-de-onde.
This unpretentiously efficient affair handles its dual-narrative past/present intercuts with aplomb and keeps a couple of nicely nasty tricks up its sleeve.
The acting isn't always as elegant as the camerawork and the story feels a tad over-extended, but with his mix of sharp shocks and intricate choreography Flanagan has come up with an impressive and effective chiller.
There's a sustained mood of eerie anticipation, and the committed leads sell it.
Flanagan instead gradually ramps up the dread and in the process delivers one of the finest horrors of recent years.
The eerie atmosphere of psychological upset is intriguing and unusual, but it's not actually all that scary.
There's a palpable sense of dread instead of just the usual cheap boo! moments.
While using every horror movie cliche in the book, this film cleverly tells a bracingly original story that will have genre fans squirming in their seats.
The haunted-mirror scenario gets an impressive workout in writer/director Mike Flanagan's expansion of his award-winning 2005 short.
The idea that brother and sister experienced the same events through different eyes is a clever one, but Flanagan doesn't get behind it with any conviction and the constant flashbacks only keep flipping the lid off the pressure cooker.
This modest shocker messes with your head to the point of surrender. I can't have been the only one who left the cinema still confused as to exactly what had just happened.
Smart, scary stuff.
Irrationality and mysticism take guide the action in a manner reminiscent of Italian splatter maestro Lucio Fulci in his Artaud-riffing pomp.
Flanagan has constructed an ingeniously compelling thriller, cleverly using his protagonists' shaky grip on what is really happening to submit them to some really nasty moments.
The film's pushed on by a whip-smart performance from Gillan, who can rattle her way through reams of dead-serious exposition without making heavy weather of it.
Director Mike Flanagan has decided that bending our minds is far more effective than drenching us in buckets of gore or jolting us out of our seats with loud noises.
Psychosis? The supernatural? Either way, Mike Flanagan's hallucinatory hall of mirrors is intelligent, subtle horror for those who want more than mere bumps in the night (although it has those too).
A shrewd, well-structured narrative that has been deftly executed.
A heartbreaking exercise in creeping dread that'll leave you feeling slightly nervous around mirrors for days (or longer...) afterwards.
Gillan invests her character with energy but the film struggles to generate enough shocks and twists to sustain its length.
A good little midnight movie.
Like that other frame that captures and displays images, the motion picture screen, the haunted mirror that is the 'star' of this low-budget horror entry distorts and rearranges reality.
"This allegedly supernatural horror movie takes so much time getting to the actual "horror" elements - all in the name of supposed character and story "progression" - that it may bore even the most easily frightened of audiences to tears."
Remove the supernatural threat and you have a film that preys on the sometimes scary dynamic of any dysfunctional family. Leave it in and you have a genuinely creepy ghost story that spotlights some nightmarish scenarios without resorting to gore.
Yes, 'Oculus' is worth seeing by horror fans who are tired of excessive gore and paint-by-the-numbers haunted house films.
A hallucinogenic plunge down a rabbit hole of no return.
"Reaches right through you and chills you to the bone."
[Balances] psychological concepts with the grubby mechanics of a ghost movie.
Horror film tries for more than jolts and gore
As far as competence goes, Oculus doesn't have so little as to be accidentally entertaining or enough to come close to working.
More to this mirror than meets the eyes
There is a sad darkness that lurks beneath the awkward plotting. Flanagan's film may not haunt his audience the way he hoped, but it still finds a way to disturb.
An atypical horror movie that could have been great but instead settled for mediocrity and recycled tropes, Oculus is a frustrating near-miss.
A smarter-than-it-has-to-be supernatural thriller.
The filmmaker has some truly trippy fun with the siblings' cells. These are easily the eeriest phone calls since Robert Blake dead-dialed in Lost Highway.
Though it's certainly good -- and should be seen by discerning horror fans -- Oculus is a few scares shy of the 'instant classic' some are claiming.
The screenplay comes up short when it comes to probing the larger concerns exacerbated by the demonic presence.
There's some quality stuff here and genre fans should be pleased, but 'Oculus' left a lot of good cards on the table.
What's real and what's not? Which memories are reliable and which aren't? And which piece of furniture in your parents' home is truly to blame? Figure that out because you're probably going to have to kill it or suffer more consequences in the sequel
Not terrible but not very special either.
It's nice to get a horror film whose horrors are so intrinsically rooted to very human fears and follies that they become one and the same. Oculus is that movie.
Makes the mistake of taking itself way too seriously. Horror films should be fun and deliver scares; Oculus is a plodding mess that doesn't even follow its own internal logic on a consistent basis.
The creepiness and a strong performance from Karen Gillan make up for the disappointing ending that is left wide open for a sequel.
"Oculus" wins with what it does inside its own mind, which incites yours without needing gore to bring about fear. But the most glaring problem is it doesn't need to be a "ghost story" to get you there.
Compared to what passed for horror back in the 1980s-masked killers gruesomely murdering horny teenagers-this is a mature and satisfying movie in more ways than one.
In that respect, Oculus makes cinematic history: the first known use of Chekhov's yacht anchor.
While not as frightening or overall effective as Insidious, The Conjuring or Sinister, Oculus is still a fun ride for fans of horror films.
The unique stylistic approach to haunted house horror will be a novelty to fans of the genre - just don't be disappointed when it all ends with a fizzle instead of a bang.
Oculus' real weapon is its flashbacks, which aren't specifically used as flashbacks but rather as illusions and nightmares forced upon the characters by the mirror's evil.
This supernatural spellbinder succeeds at disorienting the viewer with a cleverly structured screenplay, but it never quite manages to frighten despite some solid tension and eerie imagery.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who the dumbest mirror movie of all? Should have remained a short.
Oculus is one of the damn scariest movies in years.
Oculus is a pleasingly creepy low-budget horror flick that plays with some interesting ideas, offers a fresh and unique structure, and understands that some questions are best left unanswered.
There's plenty to rattle you in Oculus, a supernatural thriller that doesn't make 100 per cent sense, exactly, but leaves you deeply disturbed.
Are you willing to put up with an otherwise excellent frightfest even if it limps to that finish line after sprinting for an hour-plus?
Flanagan never overplays his hand with gore or cheap thrills.
It deserves credit for seamlessly blending timelines and perspectives, but its mind games just fail to deliver proper scares. Oculus aimed to be the next Insidious, but it is actually nothing more than a reflective mess.
Flanagan sets the rules for this supernatural setting only to break them, turning what could have been terrifying into something merely annoying.
A deeply silly and mildly effective horror movie about two young-adult siblings coping with the mysterious deaths of their parents.
For a horror movie, Oculus is surprisingly lean on the scares. It's more interested in playing tricks with perception and bending reality.
It's a ghost story, and remains true to its roots with an eerie ending, but after such an intense, determined introduction, the way the feature just trails off instead of storms off feels disappointingly anticlimactic.
The strongest horror movie since Cabin in the Woods and a testament to what this genre can do in the hands of a real expert.
Oculus is frighteningly good and light years better than most of the crap passed off as horror these days.
The power of Oculus lies in its female leads - three generations of red-headed ladies who each bring fiery passion to this slow-burning, demonic-possession story.
I can't say I was ever bored and there are enough decent jolts and creepy moments to hold one's interest. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Solid performances and a few memorable images save it from disaster but Flanagan's film left me longing for the movie it could have been instead of what it actually is.
A few more moments that shock us out of our seats would have made Oculus memorable instead of moody.
It's just a little vague, a little familiar, a little fake.
"Oculus" is haunting because it messes with your head. That's where the ghosts are.
What makes Oculus ingenious is how Flanagan and co-writer Jeff Howard take this hackneyed storyline and twist it - round 'n' round - ad infinitum into a dizzying corkscrew of a narrative.
The movie's game of gotcha grows wearying, or at least it did to me.
Discovering the method of this mirror is the film's central delight.
As much a psychological consideration of the powerlessness of childhood as a ghost story of striking originality, it eschews cliché in favor of finding new ways to horrify audiences jaded with the genre
Holy heck, Oculus is scary. It's also well-crafted and highly confident.
The elegant use of wide screen can't totally obscure stiff acting, and the rug pulling finally seems arbitrary. When nothing can be trusted, the mirage of suspense disappears.
Less concerned with fake shocks and show-me violence than the grimly calibrated rotting of personalities, "Oculus" is one of the more intelligently nasty horror films in recent memory.
Originally a 30-minute short, director Mike Flanagan and his co-writer Jeff Howard's thin scenario does not improve when expanded to feature length.
It's far more intelligent and haunting than most chillers these days, but near the end I kept wishing it would lighten up and be entertaining.
[A] slow-burning supernatural thriller [that's] uneven but genuinely eerie and unsettling, clever in its use of 'gotcha' moments and sparing in its employment of blood.
As Oculus builds toward its gruesome (but not unexpected) finale, the characters get lost in a series of hallucinations and flashbacks that don't amount to much other than eat up screen time.
The neatest trick Flanagan pulls off is how he cuts between the past and the present until the two timelines dovetail and overlap. But he also telegraphs one gross-out effect too insistently and a death by pottery shard fails to convince.
Oculus isn't scary. It's an idea of what might be frightening, but it never delivers on its solid potential
"Oculus" director Mike Flanagan has crafted a satisfyingly old-fashioned ghost story that, in its evocation of shivery dread, is the most unnerving poltergeist picture since "The Conjuring."
Even in its more banal moments, Oculus has its eye on a higher prize.
It's never actually scary.
Director Mike Flanagan turns the fragile nature of consciousness into a better fear tactic than any visceral shocks could possibly achieve.
I don't have much time to write this review, because after seeing "Oculus" I need to cover every mirror in the house before I go to bed.
"Oculus" is not just a howling good horror film. It's a terrific film by any standard - a smart, character-driven, original hair-raiser that creeped the socks off me with no cheap scares.
Flanagan's a skillful director and editor, and simply by placing the camera in logical but unusual places ... the tension increases moment by moment, ghost by ghost, frightening reflection by reflection.
While often visually striking and boasting a real sense of intellectual playfulness regarding the dreadful mirror, the film nonetheless fails to provide any real details on this darkened looking glass.
What it has going for it is a slow, steady build-up of tension, leading to a final act that makes up in pure intensity what it lacks in originality.
A dangerously cracked creep flick.
Logic aside, a mounting sense of dread permeates the film. Thankfully, suspense trumps blood and guts.
If your taste in horror runs Saw-wise, it might seem a little tame, but if you prefer slow burn and a muted but suitably grim payoff, Oculus should be your cup of bitter tea.
Oculus marks an ingeniously inventive horror film hailing from a fine tradition of haunted house tales where mysterious forces play with human perceptions and attempt to corrupt people's souls, or force victims to commit heinous acts.
"Oculus'' eschews the buckets of gore common to R-rated horror movies and takes a relatively subtle, psychological approach - even if the somewhat disappointing ending leaves the door open for a sequel (or three).
Sometimes unintentionally funny but never scary.
I found myself bothered by its repeated scenes of violence against young children, which are depicted with a disturbing realness; it's hard to be deliciously scared when you just don't want to watch.
Oculus doesn't exactly shatter the clichés of the genre, but it does distort them in a couple of interesting ways, beginning with a creative reversal of the usual vengeful-spirit plot ...
Flanagan creates characters worth caring about and puts them through hell, which is the smartest way to make a horror movie, no matter what the premise.
The buzz, it turns out, has overinflated a film with a riveting structure and not much else going for it.
It's not the type of film that will stay with you long after the experience, but it's better than playing "Bloody Mary" alone.
Yes, there's the requisite jump scares and some other stock horror film tricks, but on the whole "Oculus" delivers a non-traditional story with a fresh twist that should keep audiences satisfied...even if scary movies aren't their genre.
After viewing Oculus I'm gonna agree with my boy that haunted-mirror movies suck-just like the last one I saw, 2008's Mirrors.
It takes a bit of patience to sit through the slow opening act. But those who do will find themselves held captive by Flanagan's unsettling story.
This April's "Insidious," a creepy, complex ghost story told with a hint of flair.
Enjoyable ghost story makes good use of clashing perspectives.
A cleverly executed mind game that generates scares via structural ingenuity, Oculus suggests a world coming terrifyingly unmoored from its bearings.
For all its genre delights, Oculus is little more than a well-tooled creepshow.
Through a mini-triumph of montage, what begins as run-of-the-mill backstory vomit is thrillingly repackaged as an almost-Lynchian duet between warring states of consciousness.
Flanagan finds both humanity and horror in the story of two siblings who reunite to exorcise a possessed mirror, but the film's uneven metaphorical core and a decidedly incomplete mythology prevents "Oculus" from reflecting anything truly haunting.
Much better than a film about a haunted mirror has any right to be.
Oculus is a slow-burner that requires patience, but those willing to give Mike Flanagan a chance will be rewarded with white-knuckle terror.
A bracingly original horror flick...
Ocular succeeds in keeping the viewer's bearings unsettled as the helmer's effective building of dread curdles into a series of narrative twists as dislocating as an Escher-drawn staircase.
Mike Flanagan's Oculus is a strong example of how you can take something that sounds familiar and, by focusing on performance and the small details, create something that elevates formula.
Exceptionally clever.
A slow burn film with a deliciously creepy mood, yet at the same time it remains exhilarating throughout...This isn't just a great Midnight Madness film, this is a great film, period.

@highlight

With an emphasis on dread over gore and an ending that leaves the door wide open for sequels, Oculus could be just the first spine-tingling chapter in a new franchise for discerning horror fans.