The fact that they were able to make a comedy out of it shows just how hard they worked on this project.
The result may mostly be a shaggy-dog story, but it's a pleasing one that leaves the viewer with the feeling that humanity may yet be able to rise above its sectarian divisions.
It sails smoothly from start to finish and feels like a pleasant adventure, even if it is not particularly memorable.
At about an hour in, A Hologram for the King pivots in a wonderful direction; what develops from that point on is worth the wait.
In the pensive and nimble A Hologram for the King, Tom Hanks isn't waiting for Godot. But he might as well be.
A film that takes the unusual metaphor of contemporary man as living hologram until unexpected limit consequences. [Full review in Spanish]
A Hologram for the King features Tykwer's known style of repetition and alternative music choices, and is a sad misfire.
It has a certain amount of charm, mostly thanks to the cast, but ultimately A Hologram for the King is a little underwhelming.
Strand Hanks on a desert island, a pirate ship or in a well-intentioned film without much focus and he'll still find a way of turning it around.
Hologram tries your patience a bit, but its leading man carries it, like he always bloody does.
Frequently, Hologram plays like a good Mad Men episode, with Don Draper feeling his age and swallowing his moral corrosion in the name of a job and his family.
Black and Choudhury give fine performances, too, though they lack the dimension of their co-star. But it is Hanks, whose portrayal of Alan is suffused with sublime humor, sadness and compassion, who will earn this spare movie its praise.
The movie, an adaptation of Dave Eggers' 2012 novel of the same name, captures the mercenary basis of corporate culture and Tykwer's love for the visual information conveyed by architecture, but it narrows in scope quickly as romance takes hold.
What Eggers took chapters to establish, Tykwer manages to subliminally install.
This certainly isn't the worst thing he has ever done. Not by a long shot. However, this faithful-ish adaptation of the novel by Dave Eggers is definitely one of Hanksy's more obscure offerings, that's for sure.
You could call A Hologram for the King (2016) a mid-life crisis drama, which is true enough, but it is really a crisis of purpose and identity for an old-school middle-aged businessman trying to remain relevant in the modern world.
What starts off as an intriguing Kafkaesque story about a businessman waiting to meet a king in an unbuilt desert city in Saudi Arabia unexpectedly metamorphoses into a dull romance.
Tykwer is happy to let the journey of his main character speak movingly for itself; and in the process the veteran director brings forth a motion picture I'm going to happily treasure for a long time to come.
A narrative exercise more complex than what the apparent simplicity of its history might suggest. [Full review in Portuguese.]
... modest in its plotting but wise in its message.
You never know quite where it's going, and in an era of so much cinematic predictability that's a welcome attribute.
The problem with the film is that it never takes off and you're never really interested by what happens on screen.[Full review in Spanish]
Hanks performance as a tortured and tridimensional character makes this film worthwhile. [Full review in Spanish]
An unusual film from Tikwer that becomes an engaging character piece. [Full review in Spanish]
It's Hank's performance that saves this uneven film and keeps it afloat. [Full review in Spanish]
An uneven but enjoyable film. [Full review in Spanish]
A well executed work life thriller with a dash of culture shock comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
A personal, intimate, simple (yet complex) and endearing film. [Full review in Spanish]
A strange gem of a film that takes Tykwer and Hanks out of their comfort zones. [Full review in Spanish]
Tom Tykwer steps out of his comfort zone and explores new narrative styles. [Full review in Spanish]
Tom Tykwer's frenetic style is toned down thanks to Tom Hank's charisma in this comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
A pleasant experience thanks to Tom Hank's experience with these type of characters. [Full review in Spanish]
A simple premise, with a direct plot and a fair running time to tell a good story. [Full review in Spanish]
It works perfectly as a personal kafkesque tragic comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
It's best when addling us with that jet-lagged strangeness of the first few days in a baffling new land. Its shimmering-mirages of strangeness and even its mature, second-chances romance are enough to make this hologram flicker to life.
Hanks is a fine and extremely likeable actor and there are interesting points made about the global economy, only for it to be undone by a soggy Madam Butterfly tryst thread.
It's an easy, sometimes funny, night out.
For all the high-tech lingo, there's nothing new to feel or see.
A welcome return to comedy for Hanks, although the humour is wryly absurdist rather than properly funny.
A wistful charmer of a film buoyed by another great Hanks performance.
Alexander Black makes some dramatic headway as Alan's driver-cum-guide Yousef, while Sarita Choudhury breathes life into blossoming romantic subplot which proves the film's most intriguing feature.
Tom Twyker's film is nicely photographed and alive to the beauty, absurdity and hidden dangers of Saudi life. Its plot, though, is rarely credible, and only Mr Hanks' gurning, sweating businessman holds this flabby production together.
There's a brash, wayward vigour about this film, and it features one of Hanks' best performances in a long time.
Hanks' eminently watchable everyman persona shines as brightly as ever in a diverting, warm hug of a film.
Hanks is often cast as the dependable American everyman type. Here, he shows a darker, more anxious side to that character. It is one of his richest recent performances.
What's left is the pleasure of Hanks, the same as he ever was, in an inconsequential shaggy dog tale.
There are a few clunky metaphors, but plenty to save it from schmaltz.
Not a heartbreaking work of staggering genius, but a gently uplifting film that celebrates fresh starts and life's possibilities.
Is it supposed to be a comedy, or a drama? The tone of the film shifts like the Arabian sands.
An adaptation of the Dave Eggers novel that struggles to make itself stand out, content instead to coast by on gentle comedy and Hanks' charm. Pleasant but ultimately forgettable.
This is a whimsical comedy that falls through the memory like sand through your hand.
Hanks brings much interest to his laconic, bereft character, chasing the bird of happiness. He is quite the perfect actor to play an American suffering while the US is in economic decline - because he was such a star when it wasn't.
A Hologram for the King flirts with saying something meaningful about globalisation or the relationship between the USA and the Middle East. In the end, nothing comes of it.
... impressively cohesive for the duration of its appreciatively (and appropriately) brisk running time...
We leave the desert feeling parched.
It's hard to imagine a more Tom Hanks-y setup than this.
If you're looking for an adult maturation story, told with real panache, you could do a whole lot worse.
For all of the arms-crossed ill will that the premise engenders, writer-director Tom Tykwer has enough conviction and verve to hold your interest.
A nuanced geopolitical parable has been repurposed into a generic romantic comedy, the equivalent of turning, say, The Corrections into a sitcom.
Always pleasant, occasionally funny, surprisingly touching, and yet another reason to worship Tom Hanks.
(Like) Bill Murray's Lost in Translation, Hologram's strongest quality is its focus on an eminently genial character, uncertain of his future, his feet sinking (this time literally) in the sands of time.
It looks expensive and comes off bland.
It's certainly not a crowd-pleaser, but it offers rich rewards for those who can tune in to its peculiar energy.
This film isn't a masterpiece by any means, but it is at times very good, with an unfussy jewel of a performance by Tom Hanks that's all the more remarkable for appearing so effortless.
It's inconsistent in its intentions, but at least some of those intentions are good ones.
Hanks has moved forward - as an artist must, and as American foreign policy should have - toward reconciliation. A Hologram for the King lets modern technological commitment...lead toward Clay's rediscovery of his humanity.
Random and aimless.
A rich drama that is a mix of a cross-cultural gem, a funny fish-out-of-water comedy, and an appealing love story.
Go to this one for Hanks and his outstanding supporting cast, and for cinematography that is legitimately enchanting, but look for anything more and you'll be doing more waiting than Alan.
Strangely stylized, absurdist allegory about malaise and globalization...propelled by Tom Hanks' heartfelt performance.
It's an easy metaphor with formulaic similarities to something sweet, like Salmon Fishing in the Yemen or Local Hero, only this Tom Tykwer movie misses the sweet spot and hits something tinny.
Tom Hanks is understated and wonderfully effective in a very fine adaptation of Dave Egger's potent and surreal novel that seems just right for these ever changing times.
Not even the mighty Tom Hanks can save this scattershot adaptation of Dave Eggers' lost-soul novel
Ultimately, I really enjoyed A Hologram for the King, even if I don't think it fully explored the themes it was putting forth.
A Hologram for the King belongs to a select subcategory of cinema one could call the "Meh-stige Film." These are the movies that look great on paper. They are also not particularly remarkable.
The film's contradictions seem to turn inward, from an uncompromisingly disjointed narrative with a detailed world to an unearned romance that is realized in broad strokes
[Hanks] complicates his everyman by playing up his feelings of alienation and despair, so that it's impossible not to share in the emotions inherent in Alan's journey.
To describe this as a movie about a mediocre businessman biding his time before an appointment probably makes it sound more exciting than it is.
If it sounds like Hologram is basically about a middle-aged white guy getting his groove back in the Middle East, well, yes, it is that. But if you squint hard enough, it's also a little bit more.
While neither the humor nor the drama is particularly hard-hitting, the combination of Hanks in his element and the surprisingly vibrant desert landscape of Morocco is strong enough to at least consider checking out the movie.
It's a sweet, deliberately meandering movie, and it took me a while to connect with it. But it won me over because ultimately it conveys so well that feeling of estrangement that is both terrifying and comic for any farflung traveler.
Translating life's happenstance into an effective bit of entertainment is trickier, and the movie has a disconcerting tendency to turn a hero's existential, enigmatically signposted journey into a sandy path strewn with red herrings.
Hanks is compelling...and a new star is born in stand-up comic Alexander Black... But the adaptation is problematic, Tykwer incorporating his own research experiences in bits that go nowhere, the romance a seemingly one-sided male fantasy.
"While A Hologram for the King is mostly a disappointing failure, one strong point is the cinematography by Frank Griebe..."
[D]oes such a commendable job in taking us into this man's mind ... it's almost inevitable that the answers to all of his problems will come across as being overly simplistic.
Book-based Hanks drama has drinking, sex; lacks a point.
It's largely a Hanks solo show, and the beloved icon is in fine, unfussy form.
A meandering yet enjoyable film, A Hologram for the King is saved from failure by the sheer likability of Tom Hanks.
Here's a reasonably-sized star vehicle that finds exciting purpose in presenting an existential crisis.
There's certainly enough humor and poignancy to make it all work. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Nudity, etc. - Also Available)
You have to wonder what this film would feel like if a darker figure, a Robert Downey Jr. or Edward Norton, for example, had been cast in the lead role.
You always trust Hanks, and he makes this "Hologram" feel real.
Quiet existential irony, albeit diluted and distorted, still reverberates in this stranger-in-a-strange-land story.
It takes an actor with the finesse of Tom Hanks to turn a story of confusion, perplexity, frustration and panic into an agreeably uncomfortable comedy.
This is actually intriguing, something of a "Waiting for Godot" fish-out-of-water story. Because, in that scenario, anything can happen. And some of it does.
The problem is not that anything on screen is troubling, it's that nothing there, not even star Tom Hanks, is capable of holding our interest or attention for very long.
A Hologram for the King is one of those visions of late-life contentment that evaporates in the desert air.
Even when A Hologram for a King rests on shaky narrative ground (which is often), Tykwer's confidently frenetic presentation and a host of surreal grace notes lend it a sense of urgency that keeps us on our toes, if not the edge of our seats.
The movie stars Tom Hanks. Sometimes, that's enough.
Here's a case of consistently miscalibrated tone, from the first clumsy stabs at humor to the hero's default expression, which is painfully pained.
A "Death of a Salesman" for the out-sourcing era, A Hologram for the King makes full use of Tom Hanks' default note, an everyman struggling painfully against the tide.
The least plausible and yet most enjoyable moments of A Hologram for the King are its first... It's an inspired bit of lunacy perfectly in keeping with the central character's combination of optimism and angst. The film never quite hits that note again.
Tom Hanks exerts such a gravitational force in his movies, sometimes to his detriment, it's fascinating to watch him struggle for equilibrium in Tom Tykwer's A Hologram for the King.
It's like an international-relations microcosm imagined by the Coen brothers, down to an occasional sense that the absurdity isn't taking us anywhere.
It's true that not much happens - except cinema at its finest.
I guess I'll have to read the Dave Eggers novel to figure out what this thing is about.
It's that rare fish-out-of-water story in which the fish miraculously manages to stop needing water, and learns to crave air instead.
It's not entirely free of stereotypes or sentimental moments. What it is, though, is amazingly likable.
Director Tom Tykwer (Cloud Atlas), who also adapted the screenplay from Dave Eggers novel, displays a fine eye and a light touch with cultural detail, and isn't nearly as harsh on his hero as he might have (ought to have?) been.
Tom Hanks once again reminds us that he is the quintessential American everyman with a deeply affecting turn as the symbol of modern American enterprise
Hanks is perfect in the central role, drawing on both his dramatic and comic acting skills. Yet greater depth might be desirable at several junctures in the story.
[A] coolly artificial, oddly dispassionate effort, which impresses with its surface elegance but ultimately seems as arid as the desert locale.
This film is surprisingly sweet.
A businessman loses his moorings in Saudi Arabia in this adaptation of a Dave Eggers novel that is a worthwhile vehicle for Tom Hanks.
Starring Tom Hanks and directed and written by Tom Tykwer ( Cloud Atlas, Run Lola Run), it veers from dark comedy to drama to buddy movie to romance without being particularly successful at any of them.
The tone and rhythms are pushy, forced, strained, like the expression on Hanks' face. What should be casual punctuation, filmed in medium shot, ends up in bam-pow close-ups.
A Hologram For The King is a 97-minute movie that feels like it was cut down from two-hours-plus, with whole subplots reduced or jettisoned in what was likely an arduous post-production period.
This stranger-in-a-strange-land mood piece has an appealingly serene pace.
The poetry of this tale remains, albeit in fragments, but "A Hologram for the King" retains enough creative vibrancy and dramatic satisfaction to build sturdy bridges over narrative chasms.
Uneven but always watchable.
An earnest but aimless-feeling adaptation of Dave Eggers' novel.
This comedic drama is a refreshingly optimistic film-going experience.
In its second half, though, Tykwer and Hanks find a tone that works for both of them, and A Hologram For The King becomes an involving, intriguing drama.
Only vaguely satisfying.
It's a strange thing: A Hologram for the King is mostly about a series of nuisances, annoyances and stresses, and yet it's a pleasure from beginning to end.
It's Eggers minus Eggers - a whimsical tale that aspires to make its whimsy count for something deep.
As much a film about a middle-aged man finding renewed life abroad as it is a critique of same - a temperature-taking that tries to gauge where America stands in the current global village.
It may start with a big burst of energy, but this is a sad, somber film about a world that's slowly, knowingly losing touch with the real.
This modest saga of a struggling American businessman on a work trip to Saudi Arabia can't break free of the cliches that are inherent to such a story, offering done-to-death life lessons about second chances and the value of broadening one's perspective.
While [Tom] Hanks makes for a lovable 'ugly American,' it's [Alexander] Black and [Sarita] Choudhury who give A Hologram for the King its soul.
After a first act that seems to promise a biting comedy, the film gets lost in the desert - literally and figuratively.
'A Hologram for a King' is that fine and rare thing, a comedy that makes profound observations with the lightest of touches.
"A Hologram for the King" is disappointing mostly in that it could have been been better. But that doesn't make it bad.
Tom Hanks is A Hologram for the King's own worst enemy in yet another 'comedy' about an American in the Middle East.
The movie conjures no shortage of potent images, but push a bit deeper and your fist closes on empty air.
A meandering mess of half-baked storylines that amount to little. Hanks's affable presence keeps it all afloat.
Writer-director Tykwer skillfully presents a series of fantastical scenes in a way that has us thinking: Sure, that could happen. This is quite simply a beautiful film to behold.
The focus on the way individuals adapt to and defy custom is one of the smartest aspects of the film.
Remarkably faithful, except in how it rather boldly transforms Dave Eggers's drama into a broad comedy.

@highlight

A Hologram for the King amiably ambles through a narrative desert, saved by an oasis of a performance from the ever-dependable Tom Hanks.