Instead of mockery, "Latter Days" is a vulnerable effort, rich with compassion and patience.
The BIG sex scene starts poorly as the pair, alone at last due to a so-convenient snow storm, efficiently undress themselves as if preparing for a rugby match ...
Cox -- who experienced the Mormon view on gay life firsthand -- gets the sort of performances out of his characters that will help you overlook what is cliched about the story.
simple paint-by-the numbers gay themed film that strikes directly at Mormon dogma, but it has a certain charm due mainly to Sandvoss' Herculean efforts
Ramsey's heartbreak, stock taking and determination to see to it the relationship gets a second chance are as affecting as anything the genre has produced in recent memory.
Overall generalities about the main characters, a tendency to reveal them through monologue rather than behavior, and a lack of curiosity about the Mormon youth's core beliefs keep Latter Days from feeling genuinely personal or particularly substantive.
The screenplay is efficient to a fault, populated with stock characters.
Cox can be forgiven for getting a little preachy when he makes his point with such an open heart and loving spirit
...Funny, tragic, occasionally cheesy, endearing and ultimately heartwarming, dealing with very serious Christian hypocrisy while holding onto a light, life-embracing tone.
What would happen between a hedonistic fairy and an earnest but curious Mormon?
Renders its gay and religious characters so stereotypical that neither lifestyle appears attractive.
It's a winning, heartfelt and conflicted piece where the conflicts often resolve themselves in surprising ways.
A coming-of-age, coming-out, romantic comedy, religious intolerance flick, and if that sounds a bit crowded, that's because it is.
A fairly flat, predictable tale.
The whole Mormon/gay thing would be plenty for one movie without also sticking in AIDS, the betrayal of friends and actors-trying- to-get-their- big-break.
Writer-director C. Jay Cox has created a tender gay love story, and then buries it under shrill diatribes, plot clichés and one-note characters.
Even those who aren't immediately put off by the film's brazen attacks on religion -- and in particular, the LDS Church -- will likely be bored by this clumsy, incredibly contrived comedy, which has little charm.
Even if the film feels somewhat contrived, stick with it; you'll be rewarded by what it has to say.
It's more melodrama than drama or love story, and Cox, who wrote Sweet Home Alabama, seems to have never met a stereotype he didn't like.
It's timely, not to mention refreshing, to see an affirmation of true love over hot sex, along with a reminder that the two aren't necessarily mutually exclusive.
Such a well-meaning but unambitious work that it's tempting to take it seriously even as you dismiss it.
[Writer/director C. Jay] Cox deftly explores the links between coincidence and destiny, fate and miracles, love and loss.
Despite the inherent clichés, Latter Days manages to rise above its formulaic plot, mainly because of the assured performance by Mr. Sandvoss.
Romantic and funny, this story takes a few twists and turn in ways that you don't expect.
A well-intentioned but horribly trite drama about acceptance and fulfillment that plays like an after-school special with naughty words and sex thrown in.
Although a good deal of what happens is predictable, the writer-director C. Jay Cox makes much of it pleasant.
The curse of gay cinema is its belief that worn-out movie plots will become interesting if you put gay characters in them. This film takes the curse several steps further.
a huge copout
Everyone in this movie has been ordered off the shelf from the Stock Characters Store, and none of them wandered in from real life.
Surprisingly dowdy-looking, shot more like a scruffy little naturalistic slice of alternative L.A. life than the star-crossed lover's daydream it mostly is.
A winky, interminable and rather cringe-inducing manifesto... whose characters stand as crude if attractive types rather than three-dimensional people.
Cox's screenplay, while occasionally lapsing into the sort of cliches endemic to so many gay-themed films, generally treats its unusual subject matter with dignity and complexity, and the characters are well-drawn and sympathetic.
Even as it subscribes to the conventions of modern romantic comedy, it never compromises its characters' truths.
At once romantic, earthy and socially critical, Latter Days is a dynamic film filled with humor and pathos.
Sounds like the kind of movie that might appeal to, I dunno, maybe all seven openly gay Mormons and not many others.
Cox, who wrote Sweet Home Alabama, again trades heavily in stereotype and coincidence for his directing debut.
It's all very tidy and very tedious and, no matter how much it pretends to take on the world, Days settles for preaching to the choir.
This gay romantic melodrama draws on an unconscionable number of conventions, but works in the end because of its commitment to its characters and a handful of fine performances.
Though the film covers familiar queer-cinema ground, Latter Days' finely observed truths about the painful costs of being yourself make even the contrivance of its happy ending forgivable.
Pilots its culture-challenging raison d'être through an increasingly insufferable collection of gaysploitation conventions.
This sitcom setup is as bad as it sounds, and Cox never really surmounts it.
Despite the frequent obviousness of the script and direction ... the story attains an undeniable, if somewhat soap opera-like, power.






@highlight

A melodramatic plot and character stereotypes turn the movie into a sitcom.