For all its sturm and drang, there is an elegiac quality about the film, maybe because fewer and fewer people apparently care very much about writing or writers.
ut when all is finally revealed it’s gesture—especially the hands—that lifts this film into the ranks of extraordinary and ... bears repeated viewings to savour the subtlety and intimate sense of self.
Starting Out in the Evening has a formidable performance by Frank Langella to recommend it.
A bravura performance from Frank Langella blended into a lackluster story.
Awkward and sometimes overly subtle, but compelling performances by a cast of normally supporting actors who make the most of their much deserved chance to carry a film.
Wagner has turned the page on a promising career, and it will be exciting to see what the next chapter brings.
Starting Out in the Evening is thrilling in a way that a movie larded with car chases and explosions can seldom be, because of the way it deals with that basic building block of civilization, the creative process.
Criminally overlooked, this is a great movie, about which I could find no complaint or overt flaw except feeling that Taylor (whom I do love) was mostly a distraction. See it if you can.
Langella's nuanced performance saves the film; the actor has an understated but powerful role, and he takes full advantage.
Wagner's film is an elegy of sorts for that once-mighty beast known as the New York Writer, a creature that now finds itself increasingly marginalized in a world in which readers are getting scarcer and shelf space for serious fiction is dwindling daily.
It's Langella's performance that anchors the film.
By and large, Starting Out in the Evening is smart and considered and grown-up and credibly human filmmaking.
Just may be the best film of 2007 that you've probably never heard of.
Starting Out in the Evening is just a movie about a dignified old white man who writes novels, slowly, on a typewriter. Clever concept.
What to do with this light, while it lasts? [Director] Wagner's problem is to find an answer to that question and also to offer some resolution to the conflicts of honesty and compromise the movie portrays.
A dry, insightful and sensitive drama.
A strong cast and a literate script make for a refreshingly subtle film.
This is Frank Langella's movie. He's been given a plum of role, and he bites into it with amazing grace and precision.
[Frank Langella] is a god of sorts to those who've followed his career for 30 years with an appreciation for subtle, forceful acting, and he's at the top of his game in Starting Out in the Evening.
Watching Frank Langella in this film is like seeing a brilliant new actor give his breakthrough performance.
A film so quiet that just the crunch of buttered popcorn might drown out some of its subtleties.
one of the year's most pleasing films, intelligently written and directed, and featuring a veteran actor giving the performance of his career
The more you watch this, the more interesting the characters become.
Langella is superb, and Starting Out in the Evening is a classy film... but it could have used a little less circumspection, a little more juice.
We're pretty much left waiting in this drifting melodrama about living the artistic life in New York and the ambition it takes to do that.
It's an intimate drama -- a chamber piece, really -- that deals intelligently with intriguing themes and provocative ideas regarding the ambiguous motives and borrowed-from-life material that fuel the creative process.
It's a thinking person's movie in the best sense of the phrase.
In the end, Langella lays his character bare before us but leaves his dignity intact.
Its academic approach, which allows its characters to be themselves and their relationships to crinkle and fold within each other to no obvious end, shows both strength and vulnerability.
[Langella's] finely shaded performance is the main reason to check out [this] gently affecting film that portrays the fragility of life, love and art with sympathy and taste.
It's about as quiet as a film can get. But for those in search of for nuance, intelligence and fine acting, this is a must-see.
Wagner's penetrating narrative is poetically stimulating in its smart approach to its dialogue-driven excellence and standout performances.
Starting Out in the Evening boasts exquisite performances by Langella and Taylor, and that may provide reward enough for most filmgoers.
Among the CGI monsterfests of the holiday film season, this quiet, humorous drama of oppositional wills from different generations coming to terms with each other is one of the miracles of the season.
A subtle, quiet vision of Brian Morton's award-winning novel of the same name.
Starting Out is a movie for savoring, not one whose flavor explodes on your palate, but its minor-key attractions are substantial.
Time to update your year-end award contenders.
[Director Wagner] is becoming a major American filmmaker.
A touching portrait of a man in the twilight of his life.
Intimate and beautifully acted, it feels more like a satisfying play than a movie (that's not a criticism, by the way).
Starting Out in the Evening has the feeling of a film in which the actors, left to direct themselves, played into their own self-indulgent instincts, and the only one who resisted was the old pro who knew better.
Starting Out in the Evening is a small gem, and if you're fascinated by writers or more generally, ambition, make time for it.
Starting Out in the Evening is a gentle collection of scenes that work and scenes that don't.
Much of the film's novelty derives from its characters, the sort one almost never finds in 'commercial' films -- both flawed and sympathetic -- and it keeps them vivid, ambiguous, and three-dimensional throughout.
It's a rare kind of American movie. It gets us arguing about all the characters -- and enjoying the debates every step of the way, because we're so intimately involved with their dreams and passions.
It honors values that seem obsolete in our trashy popular culture, obsessed with the sex lives of vacuumheads.
While the film shares the novel's stealth appeal ... on the whole it's better: sharper, leaner and less sentimental.
Frank Langella is so good and so believable that his performance alone makes Starting Out in the Evening worth your time, lifting it above its flaws to be a nice holiday alternative.
...another example of a writer engaging in fictional wish fulfillment.
The film begins a little too much like a Woody Allen film, talky and overwritten, but it soon finds its groove.
The performances carry the day.
Starting Out in the Evening is a 'small' movie. But in its keenly observed examination of strangers who become intimates -- and of family members who remain, in part, strangers -- it has big things to say.
Slightly too understated, but also thoroughly involving.
A lovely comedy of death and rebirth.
about each character searching for something, and how human goals change as the aging process wears us down.
Starting Out In The Evening is like the opposite of 'mumblecore'. It's 'loquacitycore'.
This thoughtful character study is like watching a well-written short story unfold.
A superb performance by Frank Langella anchors the exceedingly literate, engrossing Starting Out In The Evening, a richly drawn and for the most part artfully understated portrait of an aged novelist.
Frank Langella's performance is a compliment to an already brilliant film...
It's so rich and so textured and such wonderful material.
Frank Langella is superb in this modest, awkwardly-titled indie about an aging writer and the grad student researching him.
Frank Langella gives a quietly intense performance as a dignified senior shaken out of his mindset while Ambrose keeps us guessing at just what she is up to.
A small and intimate drama about a seventy-year old New York novelist and his battle against time. physical vulnerability, and being creatively blocked.
Every time we leave his world -- full of mortality, and artistry and that seductive student -- to re-enter his daughter's, the film falters a little. And bit by bit, the tension fades, like a manuscript left in the sun.
A simple but unpredictable story of a man facing his mortality, it is simultaneously unsettling and deeply moving.
Director Andrew Wagner, adapting a novel by Brian Morton, is sometimes understated to a fault, but his work with the actors, who also include Lili Taylor, is impeccable.
Has the patina of authenticity, but Wagner's characters speak in banalities that describe their all-too-familiar plights from the outside without getting inside their skins, as if they are trapped in the expositional stages of an old Broadway play.
A heap of preciousness and pretensions that puts words and literary references to the fore.
The picture feels both intimate and immediate, a model for what smart young filmmakers can do with good material.
Excellent, deeply introspective performances by Frank Langella and the phenomenal Lauren Ambrose inform and enhance Starting Out in the Evening.
Unusual and absolutely riveting.
Refreshingly subtle.
A wise, low-key drama where the characters' humane, accurately written interactions take precedence over all else.
It really doesn't get much better than Frank Langella's career-capping per formance.
A gentle, unhurried drama about how people can connect with each other through conversation, nonverbal gestures, and writing.
Intelligent, involving and conspicuously adult, "Starting Out in the Evening" is almost shocking in its distinctiveness, its ability to create high drama from an unlikely source.
Sharp dialogue and strong acting, but not much dramatic energy.
It has the quiet beauty of a late afternoon, late in the autumn, when New York seems to be not just the center of the world but the crystallization of its finest tendencies.
A poised, surprisingly unsettling film about the half-life -- and twilight -- of a fiction writer.
[Langella's] sometimes halting but always beautifully articulated line deliveries impeccably convey a man for whom words are, literally, everything, including a last line of defense.
Frank Langella and Lili Taylor give great performances in what is essentially another painfully slow and bland digitally-shot indie drama.
This wise, observant, and exquisitely tacit chamber piece complicates every May-December, academic-novel cliché in the book.
Both empowered by words and inspired by the limitless expression that comes from an articulate, well-tuned argument.
Its appeal is to a select audience, probably one that reads books that Oprah doesn't recommend.
This is what great screen acting is about.
Self-contained and silly.
Remarkable film, indelibly marked by Langella's deeply felt portrait of a lion in winter.
The early scenes are electric with sexual tension, smart dialogue, and terrific performances - especially Ambrose's.
Shrewder than it initially lets on, primarily because it refuses to schematically pigeonhole its characters.
Langella's "aging" as a result of a stroke is even more impressive than his artful revelations of the authorial process.
In a role that reminds one of Peter O'Toole's in 'Venus,' Frank Langella is receiving buzz as a potential Oscar nominee in the role of an aging novelist emotionally charged by a visit from a graduate student 45 years his junior.
...it's impossible to overstate the effectiveness of Langella's work here...
It would be easy to pass by Starting Out in the Evening through any one of a number of possible snap judgments -- too New York-y, too low-budget, too digital -- but you'd also be missing out on three of the best performances of the year.
Complex and satisfying New York literary drama.
Director Andrew Wagner draws topnotch work from a pro cast in Starting Out in the Evening, a wise, carefully observed chamber drama.
Andrew Wagner's mature, sharply observed, quietly intense drama about the shifting relationship between an aging, sickly writer and an ambitious grad student (one third of his age) impresses as one of the best in the dramatic competition series this year




@highlight

Starting Out in the Evening features sharp dialogue and moving performances from the talented Frank Langella and Lili Taylor.