Parents, however, may shudder when the Chipettes gyrate to Lady Gaga's Bad Romance.
The most important thing to keep in mind is that Alvin and the Chipmunks is firmly targeted at kids.
Patently, obviously unacceptable on any kind of storytelling level.
Set out the rodent traps for this lazy exercise in children's entertainment.
Stale for anyone older than the preschool set.
"Chipwrecked" will probably be a winner with families that have small children, but older children may squirm and adults will find themselves wondering how such a promising premise got so quickly beached.
A Sarah Palin joke? A Charlie Sheen wisecrack? Is this a Chipmunks movie or a Letterman monologue?
If you can't get enough of aggressively cute animated rodents shaking their fuzzy tails while singing helium-voiced covers of funk and hip-hop dance hits and spouting clichéd 'urban' catchphrases ('Oh no she di'int!'), then this 'squeakquel' is for you.
The opening 20 minutes or so play like nothing more than a widescreen Carnival Cruise commercial, everything so glossy and superficial you can almost feel the spray tan ooze down your arm.
There's a germ of a light, goofy kids movie somewhere in here, but it's buried under a pile of clichés.
to stoyntio me shma ta kaboyria stoys proypologismoys den eide fysika to logo na gyalisei sth synexeia mia paragwgh poy tha toy apoferei $400-500 ekatommyria opws kai na 'xei
Within 5 minutes, I concluded that no one over the age of 4 could possibly withstand more than 3 minutes of those hideous rodent voices without suffering permanent damage.
Chipwrecked is a mind-numbing piece of uninspired baloney, meant only to pacify hyperactive children.
Meant for a kiddie audience. Adults will be brain dead by the time they sit through all the squeaky songs
Chipwrecked is derivative and predictable and not for anyone who'd rather be watching Schindler's List. But it's good, clean old-fashioned family fun.
Hopefully this third instalment might bring the series to a close - they say bad things happen in threes...
Shrill, silly and furry - these squeaky-voiced, computer-generated rodents are back for their third formulaic frolic.
Small kids will love it; I found it more than endurable.
Cheerful, not too scary, easily digestible (albeit some of the dialogue is indecipherable for us non-Chipmunks) and relentlessly energetic, Chip-Wrecked stays afloat delightfully
It's no big surprise that this franchise is suffering from serious squeakquelitis.
The third in the series about the singing chipmunks and their exasperated but perpetually forgiving human father is a little brighter and sweeter than its predecessors.
Flails about in search of a creative reason to exist.
... on some level, I really want to like these movies - but I can never remember them long enough.
The movie is a way to kill 90 minutes if you have small children to amuse, but those 90 minutes could also be spent with them at the library, maybe, or at a swimming pool.
Harmless -- and charmless.
Ratatouille aside, our children should not be playing with disease-carrying rodents.
Silly threequel is full of pop-culture references and jokes.
The animated chipmunk singing group creates generic funny-animal antics on a tropical island. After two critically lambasted but huge hits, why make any effort at imagination or originality?
How is 'Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked?' Abysmal to anyone over the age of 7. (Content Review for Parents also available)
The obvious nods to Castaway, Lost and other pop culture references are barely worth a grin.
Once you've tuned into the inane Chipmunk banter, Film Three in the series, Chipwrecked, still manages to charm while thrilling the kids ...
You usually have to go to an Adam Sandler movie, or the Quad Cinema, to see something as incompetently made as "Alvin and the Chipmunks.''
Chipwrecked lacks the charm and energy of the earlier films and stranding the animals on an island is a flimsy contrivance to force Alvin to grow up.
Pity the poor adults in the cast: they don't have a chance. Adults in the audience don't have much of one, either.
"Chipwrecked" serves up more of the derivative chaos that floats this franchise's boat.
...there are a lot of wonderful family-friendly films out there this season. Alvin And The Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is not one of them.
There simply isn't enough material to withstand a feature-length running time in between the musical numbers.
It might divert the tiniest tots but grumpy adults will be wondering why Dave didn't call in pest control long ago.
Only David Cross, as arch-enemy Ian Hawke, manages to wring a few laughs from the sodden script, but for those you have to listen to such Chipmunk teen speak as "totally adorbs" for 90 minutes.
It's an uninspired and instantly forgettable film. But it completely succeeds by its own standards: an 87-minute rainy-day distraction that will probably make a zillion dollars.
Even with a wealth of material, the movie is more groan-worthy than giggle-inducing.
Maybe for the next installment, they can go off to college and find something better to do than making these silly movies.
There is chipmunk gambling. There is seductive dancing by Chipettes wearing only towels. There is a musical gag involving the lyric "whip my tail back and forth."
Aside from the in-laws threatening to stay until the New Year, one of the worst things about Christmas is a new Alvin And The Chipmunks movie.
If only they were truly stranded on that desert island...
With each cast member wearing a pronounced paycheck face, Chipwrecked assumes a DTV stance for this unimaginative sequel, dishing up the bare minimum to keep cashing in on the brand name.
The inexplicably popular live action/animated series featuring a bevy of screechy-voiced singing rodents reaches its third--and one fervently hopes, final--installment.
The ship's captain, at the beginning of the film, is named Captain Corelli. This little item kept me amused for a good ten minutes.
Cross is the only provider of laughs in this film, which is now just a franchise machine whose purpose is to gouge yet more cash out of the kids who liked the previous two films.
Number of chipmunks who speak fluent chola when necessary: three. Number of Spider-Man/Pepe Le Pew mash-ups I can't really get into: one.
Good news: The shrill CG rodents, who last infested theaters in 2009's Squeakquel, are stranded on a jungle island with little hope of survival. Bad news: They've brought us along.
It all seems rather jaded this time around, and even the pop songs (usually a saving grace in these movies) feel tired.
You know there is something wrong with a movie when even David Cross in a giant pelican suit isn't funny.
Either the "Alvin and the Chipmunks" movies are getting better, or I've accidentally buried my brain for the winter.
There's a wilful awfulness to the script that's occasionally quite appealing: in one scene, Alvin pledges to turn the Chipmunks' "punishment into fun-ishment".
It starts out as not so much a movie as a commercial for Carnival Cruise Lines -- which perhaps shouldn't be a surprising turn for a strictly cash-in threequel... And, anyway, can you bring rats on a cruise ship?
Chipwrecked is the sort of Sunday afternoon trifle that will mollify children and mortify their parents.
Eighty-seven minutes, the duration of this auditory assault, would be sufficient to slaughter every brain cell and induce blithering idiocy.
Largely inoffensive but equally unimaginative.
The film will mostly appeal to the youngest of viewers, who probably instead should be reading a book or playing in the fresh air.
I briefly fantasized about how it might have perked up last week's "New Year's Eve" if Zac Efron or Hilary Swank had a romance with one of the chipmunks of either gender.
In between the cutesy musical covers (from the Go-Go's to Lady Gaga), the young rodents engage in harmless slapstick and even learn a bit about themselves.
They die horribly.
By the time the gang performs a rendition of 'Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now,' I wanted to reply, 'Well, you don't have to rub it in.'
In the end, I'd rather hang onto fond memories of my Eisenhower-era record, squeaky voices and all.
87 minutes of high-pitched singing, shenanigans, bad behaviour and family bonding, enlivened by a decent Sarah Palin joke.
Even by the exceedingly lenient standards of second sequels to terrible kids' films, Chipwrecked feels particularly arbitrary and devoid of inspiration.
For kids, familiarity, silliness and Dave's unconditional love make it appealing. For adults, the best it has to offer are nostalgia and a running time under 90 minutes.
The gags are mostly slapstick and, as such, are a welcome change from the smut of adult Hollywood these days.
Well, at least it isn't in 3D.
Puns like these would be unforgivable coming from a human. From high-pitched rodents, they prompt calls for an exterminator.
It's probably quite a few people's idea of hell - being trapped on a desert island with Alvin and The Chipmunks for ear-drum-testing company.
Slightly better than the second film thanks to decent comic performances from Jason Lee and David Cross, though it still manages to waste the talents of the voice actors involved and the songs are even more irritating this time around.
To be fair, this franchise was never intended to appeal to anyone over six. But you do wonder how the filmmakers still managed to contrive something so unfunny and trite.
Overall, Mike Mitchell's assault will appeal only to the under-10 set and send everyone else running for ear plugs.
With all the digital and environmental tomfoolery, it's a shock that Chipwrecked wasn't released in 3D, and that renders it ever so slightly more respectable. But seriously, Jason Lee, you're so much better than this. Please, stop now.






@highlight

Lazy, rote, and grating, Chipwrecked is lowest-common-denominator family entertainment that's strictly for the very, very, very young at heart.