Adamson eschews the big look-isn't-it-magical gestures of the Potter/Tim Burton approach, but he manages to convey the sense of wonder a wartime evacuee might feel at such transportation.
There isn't a single moment in this film, front to end, that rings true.
It is a handsome production, an epic fantasy for younger audiences with a spiritual message, and it was followed by two more films in the series. This one remains the most satisfying and inspiring.
Neither as complex or grand as LOTR nor as accessible as Potter; still, if you can overlook the arch moralising, this is fine kids escapism.
Because it is a children's story about children it is occasionally a bit precious, but only occasionally. For the most part it is an extremely well-designed piece of fantasy that doesn't try to overwhelm the audience.
Timeless classic faithfully rendered.
So digitalized that the images start to suggest chintzy old superimpositions
Once I ignored the religious aspects, it was a very good film...
The story never quite lives up to the grandeur of the visuals, and the narrative tends to drag, especially in the first half.
It is marked by a peculiarly English celebration of the Church Militant. That noted, it's also a ripping yarn.
A slow, cold first half is followed by a lively, sunny second half.
The bigger the scope gets, the less we really care.
The good news is Director Andrew Adamson and gang have done an impressive job of adapting Lewis' admittedly simple and somewhat thin tale into a big scale motion picture, delivering impressive production values and few solid action sequences.
Certainly a feast for the eyes; once the story moves to Narnia, the film is never dull to look at.
The Chronicles of Narnia joins the ranks of other fantasy classics ... in creating an amazingly believable fantasy world.
With its crisply told narrative, excellent production values and great ensemble cast [it] is one of the best big-budget spectacles Hollywood has released this year.
This is a worthy opening salvo, a film that succeeds through the sheer weight of our expectations, and that won't disappoint younger audiences.
It's an enjoyable adaptation and good enough for us to welcome this new franchise.
It is spendthrift in budget yet cautious in style, steadfast in holding to Lewis's imagination yet timorous about using any of its own.
My guess is that [it] will appeal to all of us in need of a jab of earnest, old-fashioned moralism to save the day
Aslan = Jesus. Now you don't have to buy a ticket.
...an engaging and visually-stimulating adaptation of the first book of Lewis' immortal seven-part Narnia series.
.
There's something giddily entertaining about watching married beavers bickering--without the usual Disney attempt at cuteness.
Feels like a retread of the Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings films without a stitch of personality.
Chronicles, with its wonderful sense of adventure and fast-paced storytelling, is among the best films of 2005.
This gorgeous movie takes your breath away with its spectacular visual storytelling, but Tilda Swinton and Georgie Henley steal the show.
The odds are quite good that you'd exit the movie theatre pretty much disappointed.
A fun and literate package.
...a fascinating, visually compelling, and totally engrossing rendering of a well-loved classic.
If the film has one outstanding characteristic, it is that it creates a genuinely palpable alternative universe, made all the more meaningful because it supposedly exists on the backside of our own.
Christian propaganda delivered in mildly entertaining vehicle
Time wondering how the lion and witch got stuck in the wardrobe in the first place: 132 minutes.
Narnia is a special film that trumps the Potter films in nearly every important aspect.
Si uno está dispuesto a atravesar el ropero de la imaginación, Narnia puede ser una magnífica aventura llena de magia, emoción y fantasía.
It's easy to see why Disney chose to start with The Witch and the Wardrobe.
The world of Narnia looks exactly as I had imagined it as a child.
This PG-rated movie feels safe and constricted in a way the story never does on the page. It leaves out the deep magic of a good movie, or a good sermon: the feeling that something vital is at stake.
Director Andrew Adamson's adaptation, the first in what is sure to be a series of films, brings it alive with a childlike sense of awe and wonder.
...effectively replicates the experience of reading Lewis' book.
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a fable that captures a fully realized landscape of honor, love, sacrifice, betrayal and forgiveness
It's big-scale fantasy without the bombast.
Brilliant child actors eomtionally sell an effects-heavy but seamless and true adaptation of the beloved book.
The film is unfortunately uneven, with great moments followed by not-so-great moments.
Viewers who enjoyed the LOTR threepeat should find similar compensations in this less ambitious undertaking.
Shooting in New Zealand is only one way in which this film mimics THE LORD OF THE RINGS. But somehow one never really cares much for the four children who generally just do the obvious.
All the CGI in the world can't distract you from the idea that it's all a little bit silly, a children's story that works better on the page.
Long may it roar.
Bloated, bland, boring stuff.
There's no fire, no passion and not much fun.
Magical images, a compelling story and solid acting.
Brings to life the rich cast of Lewis' mythical and allegorical characters in vivid detail, setting them against breathtaking landscapes.
What movie would Jesus see this holiday season? God help us if it's The Chronicles of Narnia ... I'm surprised Mel Gibson wasn't hired to guest-direct the crucifixion scene.
A lackluster screen adaptation of Lewis' novel.
A wonderful excursion that's alive with the imagination of fantasy literature and in tune with the beating heart of family cinema.
Neither as clever as Harry Potter nor as epic as Lord of the Rings, but for the children's story it is, Narnia works.
Under the direction of Shrek's Andrew Adamson, the film is reasonably diverting...
It's easy to dispense with the religious undertones and simply have a grand time drinking in the adventure.
This and "The Polar Express," side by side at your multiplex for many Decembers to come.
The spectacle is worth seeing on the big screen and the story is timeless.
The central conflict lacks the depth needed to articulate what is truly at stake; the characters are inadequately developed; and the story is little more than a heavy-handed Christian allegory.
Robust and well-acted, 'Narnia' comes across as a sanguine, blustery adventure.
Behold the vision of Narnia!
A faithful and exultant rendering of the classic children's fable. Bring on "Prince Caspian"!
It is exciting, a bit scary, offers some touches of humor and brings home a positive message about family, trust and faith.
In some ways it is a very good picture, yet it also should have been better than it is...You can feel The Chronicles of Narnia trying too hard to be the Next Big Thing.
Leave it to the Bible to spoil a perfectly fine fantasy epic.
New Zealander Andrew Adamson clearly relishes the task, and in the spirit of Lord of the Rings, conjuring a fantasy world of talking beasts, giant armies, spectacular landscapes, terrifying dashes of humour and entire worlds to save from doom.
The special effects are phenomenal, looking amazingly authentic.
Narnia is a visually stunning, and very touching film for the family.
As a broadside across the bow of Lord Jackson and his rampaging WETAns, this is a puny shot. And I'm still hungry.
Narnia may thrill younger viewers but leave older ones wanting.
If The Lord of the Rings is a shot of whiskey, then The Chronicles of Narnia is a glass of milk.
It entertains on all levels with a skillful blending of story and incredible visual effects.
A surprise. The movie is fantastic, with a depth of storytelling and character development that might just leave our Harry looking over his shoulder with a trace of concern.
The movie is OK, but it doesn't come close to the power of the book.
Ultimately, the story is too lazy.
A perfect melding of modern-day technology and old-fashioned storytelling.
It's not as good as its competitors, which in this day and age is hard to do.
The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe is a rich and enjoyable cinematic treat.
The biggest disappointment is Liam Neeson's voicing of Aslan, which has all the warmth and command of a public information film.
"You'll believe a beaver can talk!
El mundo creado por el autor, es recreado aquí de forma soberbia y majestuosa.
Descrever este filme como um O Senhor dos Anéis para crianças acabaria sendo uma ofensa tanto para a trilogia comandada por Peter Jackson quanto para os espectadores infantis.
No matter how brilliantly done they are, I hate talking animals. With that bias out of the way, even an Heathen like me enjoyed Narnia.
The kids are disastrous, except for Henley. Her irresistible crooked grin is a triumph over British dentistry. She makes Dakota Fanning look like a calculating android.
An entertaining, emotional, and surprisingly intimate movie.
They are warriors, drawn into the sense that wars might solve problems, or at the least, beat them into submission.
The climactic clash of zoological and mythological combatants is the stuff of my childhood fantasies made digitally simulated flesh: It's like 'Doctor Dolittle' as reimagined by Robert E. Howard.
For sheer entertainment value, and the painless imparting of values about family, loyalty and bravery, this lion in winter roars loudly.
It's a ripping yarn, full of narrow escapes, talking animals, marvelous sights and magical happenings that lead up to an epic battle between good and evil. The extensive CGI work is well used and the children are exceptionally well cast.
It's a work of profound ambition, and, in adapting it for the screen, the makers of The Chronicles of Narnia don't shy away from its demands.
even if you must categorize Narnia as a Christian movie, it's many times better than any overtly Christian movie in recent memory.
The Chronicles of Narnia is off to an impressive start as another classic of myth and fable comes to entertaining life on the big screen.
Swinton and McAvoy, not to mention the legions of Lewis fans, deserved better than this. This is a not-so-promising start for what could become a classic series, given better scripts and more competent directors.
Too bad Narnia itself has such a petrified feel. Here's hoping that as the series grows, its emotional component grows with it.
The hard-core may experience the thrill of recognition. But the rest of us can be forgiven a perfectly appropriate giggling fit.
Adamson should stick to animated ogres. Narnia lovers should stick to their books.
Rarely has there been such a seamless blending of digital creations and live actors. ...a classy kick-off to what should be a highly rewarding series of fantasies.
It can be a good thing, St. Paul tells us, to put away childish things. But it is sometimes an even better thing to pick them up again.
I mean 'childlike' in the best sense, evoking a sense of awe and innocence in the face of challenges. This is art as well as entertainment and it operates at a sophisticated level.
As the rare offering that plays well to the entire family it's a welcome addition to this holiday season.
It's quite an array of fantastic visions that Adamson and the animators had to create, and the very scope and depth of their mission is impressive.
Adamson seems more comfortable with animated characters than real ones.
The result is mostly engaging, but rarely soars or sings with imagination, poetry, whimsy or the sort of surprise that can take your breath away.
It's a sturdy adaptation, and if The Chronicles of Narnia: the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe doesn't capture the magic of C.S. Lewis' books, it comes a fair sight close to catching it.
Is, and was probably specifically designed, to be Lord of the Rings-Lite
The film seems more like a Saturday at the movies than a magical event, but that doesn't mean that it's not a well-rendered version of Lewis' endearingly slender novel.
To its credit and power, the film allows them a reach that exceeds any one religion's grasp.
One only wishes the movie had been rendered more artfully. The dialogue is impossibly clunky, the characters are completely one-dimensional, and the magic is all too mechanized to allow anyone over the age of 8 or 9 to believe in Narnia.
It's more yawn-inspiring than awe-inspiring, especially for those who haven't read the book.
It would be easy to brush off The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe as Lord of the Rings-light. Very light. But the film really isn't even that good.
What constant magic it works.
It's allegorical and imaginative, although literary subtlety is lost to the patently obvious.
The obvious comparison is to 'Lord of the Rings' -- but when Peter Jackson creates the most awe-inspiring battle scene since Kurosawa, the bar is too high for Andrew Adamson.
The Chronicles of Narnia so vividly captures the magic of the book that Harry Potter might just want to watch his back.
A loving interpretation of C.S. Lewis's beloved parable for children, and it's almost perfect in every detail.
Enchantment, adventure, sly humor, the beauty of the seasons, life lessons about responsibility, family and sacrifice all co-exist in this film in splendid harmony. The filmmakers have created a classic.
Adamson's touch is rather pedestrian, as if he didn't have the confidence to let Lewis' tale soar.
The filmmakers make many compromises in the name of epic scope and box office appeal, but they can't bend this story out of shape, and they have Tilda Swinton on hand to spank anyone who tries.
Scarier than Voldemort, more corrosively corrupt than Sith Lord Senator Palpatine, Swinton twirls her way around the character with startling ease, cementing Jadis as one of the finest villains to hit screens in this or any other year.
Authentic, unclouded magic for youthful minds.
...a pleasant and safe cinematic experience for the whole family.
If you love the book it is hard to imagine you not loving the movie, regardless of the ideological prism through which you view it.
4. Oreius and the rest of the centaurs break into a rousing rendition of "Day by Day" to motivate the troops.
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe fares much better in its smaller, quieter moments that test the mettle and morality of its young heroes
The Chronicles of Narnia does indeed capture a certain wondrous, fantastical imagination inspired by C.S. Lewis' literary classics. But the film unfortunately also suffers from Lord of the Rings envy.
Pat Robertson will clearly be surfing Fandango.
Tilda Swinton... may be the scariest witch since Margaret Hamilton in The Wizard of Oz.
On balance, more of the movie works than doesn't, but this isn't 140 minutes of unqualified successes.
An extremely well-designed piece of fantasy that doesn't try to overwhelm the audience with a spiritual message, but is content to work on several levels.
Enjoyable adaptation that looks fantastic and stays remarkably faithful to the novel, though it wobbles occasionally during the emotional scenes.
Adamson knows how to give talking creatures heart, the special effects work but aren't overwhelming, and the basis is a classic for a reason. Try it on for size; you won't be disappointed.
The film fares better when it gives itself over to pageantry and action -- which come in copious quantities -- and to the pantheon of gorgeously rendered, hyper-realistic CGI beasties.
I know it's bizarre to say CGI beavers have more life to them than the humans who interact with the computerized creations, but it's true. The whole movie feels flat.
There is no one better than Tilda Swinton to play the White Witch.
There's plenty to like.
[W]arm, sweet, funny, scary, magnificent, gorgeous, expansive, intimate, but mostly completely and utterly charming. And I mean Charming with a capital C, charming like the movie invented the concept...
The many moments of sacrifice, resurrection, and Judas-like betrayal feel like they're from another film, and not one with talking beavers and fur coat-clad heroes.
This is one of the most boring stories ever told in any format... If this is the truncated movie version, how redundant was the book?
The fantasy aspect is merely a vehicle for another purpose, [and] it underdevelops character motives as a result.
The Chronicles of Narnia proves, sometimes, talking animals are not funny. Sometimes, they are waging a holy war, and Santa Claus is giving kids weapons for Christmas.
By the end of Narnia, I felt like I was retaught a lesson I had long since learned instead of living the dream of a new discovery. Suitable in that there are clearly no small metaphors, only small movies about those metaphors.
I was less than thrilled with the prospect, after seeing the film's mediocre trailer, of spending two plus hours with "The Chronicles of Narnia." But, boy, am I glad I did.
this could be considered Disney's bloodless version of The Passion, but couching these lessons of sacrifice and forgiveness in a magical world where animals talk and fauns frolic was an inspired way to appeal to the child in all of us
The perennial children's classic by C. S. Lewis has been lovingly, thrillingly, enchantingly, brilliantly brought to screen in this flawless adaptation.
Whenever it allows the whimsy of its source material to shine through, it takes on a pleasant life of its own.
It's magic, but not the loud, shiny kind: It has the texture of worn velvet, or a painstakingly hand-knit sweater stored away for years in tissue paper.
There's no hideous beast or CGI landscape rendered here that can compare with what lurks in the mind of even the dullest, least imaginative child.
For Narnia fans and for those who dig the mixture of animation and human beings.
The Chronicles of Narnia is not a bad fantasy film. It's just not a great one.
The movie does this quite well, and it also has an engaging young heroine in Henley, who could not be more charming and natural.
It's gorgeous and amazing, sure, but money can't buy emotional connection, and that's what it needs so badly.
This honorable adaptation of C. S. Lewis's novel has much of the power and charm of the source.
It achieves an overall epic sweep most movies don't even dare to attempt.
Spiritual redemption is a big theme of Narnia, but on a purely entertainment level, the movie also goes a long way in redeeming the current sad state of children's fantasy filmmaking.
It has visual splendor, unsullied earnestness and a strong sense of holiday showmanship.
That's not to say this Wardrobe isn't worth climbing into. Only that along with the dollops of delight, a bit of disappointment awaits on the other side.
Grown-up children who remember our own travels in Narnia will find that many of the details resonate beautifully.
The Chronicles of Narnia is a faithful rendering of a magical tale that should hold adults' attention and delight young moviegoers.
[Features] strong casting of mostly unfamiliar faces, a convincing family feeling among the four kids, solid storytelling and fluid interplay between the humans and four-legged creatures.
A grandly successful fantasy. Practically flawless casting, bewitching storytelling and impressive visual effects bring the beautiful, troubled land of Narnia to life.
Well told, handsome, stirring and loads of fun.
Overlong, poorly paced and woodenly acted.
A generation-spanning journey that feels both comfortingly familiar and excitingly original.
Andrew Adamson, the director of the Shrek movies, clearly feels great affection for the book and has taken pride in living up to the source.
Watching The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is like being told a terrific story by a so-so storyteller.
This Lion is king.
It tells Lewis' story, which has its share of sticky and ponderous aspects, in a predictable, visually cautious way. You keep waiting to be transported, yet in cinematic terms, the transportation never arrives.
Too much, too nice, too boring.
The film works on just about every level. Narnia has grandeur, imagination, mostly believable special effects, a war-of-the-world battle, heart and teary-eyed heartbreak.
By staying focused on the children -- frightened evacuees from the London Blitz whose parallel war in Narnia both taps into and finally quiets their unspoken terrors -- Adamson keeps faith with the humanity of Lewsis' tale.
The effects in this movie are so skillful that the animals look about as real as any of the other characters.
This movie cannot be dismissed, like preachy 'Christian films,' as religious propaganda. ... It is best enjoyed as a symphonic and delightful fantasy.
Adamson ushers us into Narnia with an unexpected feel for realism and honest characterization, which works both for and against the film.
...manages to at once unleash Lewis' grandiose fantasy and corral it.
Hoping for franchise success by visual association with other movies, no matter how great the mimicry, steals too much heart and spirit from this beloved children's classic.
Populated with talking beavers and mythological creatures that, cast in a Christian parable, should probably watch their asses.
This almost-epic adventure directed by Andrew Adamson ("Shrek") is nothing to cringe at even if it does have flaws.
Praise Aslan!
Expect your heart -- and the hearts of your children -- to soar.
A surprisingly ordinary affair, slow to get going and only occasionally reaching the level of true spectacle.
Fans of CS Lewis's book can rest easy.
Lord of the Rings and Passion of the Christ in one movie. Narnia (the film) exceeds LOTR (the film) in character expression and depth, but drags some in pace.
Magical and marvelous ... cross between the story of Jesus and The Lord of the Rings.
It's the best of both worlds: a spiritually faithful hymn that can be sung along to by those who already know the words, and tapped along to by those who just dig the music.
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, by summoning C.S. Lewis' spirit, creates a different kind of spectacle -- a starry-eyed crusade.
A bloated, cumbersome, overlong misfire.
...an overlong, bloated, and surprisingly stale venture into yet another wondrous world that is better left to the written page and our overactive imaginations.
Though Adamson lacks Lewis' storytelling confidence...The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe still comes across as a quirkily diverting children's entertainment.
One's left with the gnawing suspicion that while it's a decent adaptation that should satisfy fans of the books, it really belongs on the Hallmark Channel.
The film wishes it was Lord of the Rings. It's not. Where's the thrill that leaves you waiting for Prince Caspian? Nowhere.
for those children old enough to endure the violence, this is a masterpiece of fantasy literature come to life
Lewis' fantasy is beautifully realised in a vast array of colourful characters and majestic scenery.
It's briskly directed for much of the way, though with no great individuality, by Andrew Adamson, a film-maker previously noted for his work in animation.
The movie remains faithful to the book in both tone and imagery.
It may be as close to adult-friendly kid fare as Hollywood will ever get -- although that has more to do with narrative than family values. (Having read both Tolkien and Lewis aloud at bedtime, I can attest to the latter's superiority as a storyteller.)
The Chronicles Of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe is a weighty children's story about how children make the transition into young adults during a time of crisis.
Even the climactic fight between Peter's army of truth and the Witch's bevy of demons has an air of heraldic artifice, as if we were witnessing not a brawl to the death, red in tooth and claw, but an enamelled clash of ideas.
This doesn't depend on the special effects even though the special effects are first rate.
Despite its overarching Christian themes, Narnia delivers an entertaining yarn.
A brave attempt, if a little on the safe side.
It doesn't just live up to its source material, it surpasses it by finding nuances in the story that C.S. Lewis didn't.
A visually impressive adaptation of C. S. Lewis's classic tale, which unfortunately slights the forgiveness theme in favor of a big battle scene led by a not-very-Christlike Aslan the lion.
What is lightly sketched in the novel, where much is left to the imagination, blossoms into full-blown, richly detailed life in the movie.
To say that it's all more than a bit simplistic and heavy-handed would be a severe understatement.
For a journey into a mystical land, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe is oddly awkward and stale.
One of the most magical effects… isn't rippling computer-generated fur, ice castles, or battle scenes. It's the wide-eyed wonder and delight on the face of little Lucy Pevensie (Georgie Henley) as she passes beyond the wardrobe…
Not only does Adamson do right by C.S. Lewis' beloved book, but he sets the stage for a very promising new franchise.
The filmmakers have gone for broke, combining spectacular imagery and rousing energy. Although it's perhaps a bit overdone.
After his splash with the hit animataion Shrek, Adamson makes an ambitious leap with his big-screen adaptation of Lewis' beloved book, a special-effects fare that succeeds in keeping its intimate family tale.
Nothing short of wondrous!


@highlight

With first-rate special effects and compelling storytelling, this adaptation stays faithful to its source material and will please moviegoers of all ages.