Some will call his Woodstock naive, but that's what he intends: the movie is a sweet, anecdotal, comic embrace, a gentle reminder that it was once possible to overcome the cynicism of the times and believe that "the flow" leads in a benign direction.
At no point did I feel like I was at Woodstock and surely that was the whole point.
Some colorful character turns cannot make up for the charisma void at the center that is Martin.
Does a great job of recreating the time, place and people that came together to make something magical in the middle of the summer of 1969.
A valentine to America.
A ham-handed attempt to indicate the oncoming tragedy of Altamont ends the film with a touch of contrivance, but it's the only sour note in an otherwise flawless film.
Amazing that Ang Lee can make such a listless movie about arguably one of the most high energy times in recent history.
An interesting idea, but it doesn't really have much to capitalize on outside of the authentic period reproduction.
Watch carefully as the film tries to ramrod too many themes, invoking split-screen technique, and see if you can identify how often self-indulgence is confused for enlightenment.
Não se revela particularmente interessante ou minimamente revelador no que diz respeito à natureza de Woodstock ou do próprio protagonista.
A minor work from Brokeback Mountain director Ang Lee that is enjoyable but ultimately underwhelming.
This may be a minor movie, but it displays the hallmarks of a major talent.
Achieves the highly improbable by making one of the most exciting events of the 1960s look really boring.
A rare misfire for the usually reliable Lee.
Taking Woodstock is entertaining, funny but also very slight film. Unlike the real Woodstock, it won't change lives or burn in the memory.
his is by no means a terrible film, but from a filmmaker as exceptional as Ang Lee it's a rare disappointment.
Taking Woodstock will leave the unstoned cold and won't have anyone aching for those legendary 'three days of peace and music' that wasn't there in the first place.
Some will revel in it, but (younger) viewers may find Taking Woodstock old hat.
Ang Lee's latest dissection of the American dream is one of his most complex and even most deceptively subversive films.
Their roles are played largely for easy laughs in James Schamus's script, which meanders in an echo of the freewheeling vibe of peace and love.
Undermining the entire snooze-fest is Lee and Schamus's sentimental, clichéd view of Woodstock as the last flowering of hippie innocence.
Ang Lee's attempt to put the Swinging Sixties on the screen with love, respect and a dash of humour is a distinct disappointment.
If this is Brokeback Mountain director Ang Lee's attempt at comedy he should stick to heavy drama.
A damp squib, thrown fizzling into the memory arena of the world's pioneer rock festival.
Lee wants to combine a landmark moment with a coming-of-age story, but his style here is so loose and rambling it's impossible to sense the excitement of the former and the particularity of the latter.
There are flashes of wildly entertaining humour but for the most part the film keeps its chuckles on the gentler side of funny.
Has some great moments along the way, but as a whole never quite comes together
Lee's film, rambling and maddeningly vague as it often is, does manage eventually to get at why something so ephemeral meant so much to so many.
A watchable drama with likeable performances but it never quite comes together, thanks to an unfocussed screenplay that stumbles badly in the second half.
click to read the full review
This may be the least ambitious of Lee's films, but his directorial chops still guarantee a worthwhile experience.
saddled with side stories that are meant to put specific faces on the issues of the time, but feel meandering and unfocused
The most expertly crafted, yet mostly uninvolving, historical music movie.
...it's hard to get past the idea of Taking Woodstock as a missed opportunity. It's fine around the edges, but it never convinces you that the central event was the cataclysmic cultural convergence some claim.
On balance Taking Woodstock--like Teichberg--takes after its immigrant American father, evincing a quiet humility in offering its rambling 'little perspective' of an emblematic happening that was almost everything it was cracked up to be.
In a field crowded with sharp, aggressive, edgy comedies it's much more gentle, rounded and endearing. Yet it's not altogether warm and fuzzy - there's plenty of bite here and wry insight, too.
A gentle, slow-paced coming-of-age movie, 'Taking Woodstock' is not a movie about the historic concert that observes its 40th anniversary this year.
Lee's Taking Woodstock serves up so many clichés and stereotypes that it feels like a film made by someone who had never met a real Jew, Vietnam vet, homosexual, or hippie
Woodstock participants wallowed in Yasgar's muddy fields. [Director Ang]Lee wallows in Teichberg's muddy %u2014 and uninteresting %u2014 experience.
It took me to a time and a place in history I'd really only known thanks to my mother's stories, Lee and Schamus capturing that very same whimsical devil-may-care vibe inherent in all of them.
Uses the Peace & Love event as white-noise for another flaccid coming-of-age story about an unformed youth's Summer I Grew Up
I loved this sweet, gentle film, and prize its charms and heart far more than the debatable weightiness of Lee's Lust, Caution.
The first half of "Taking Woodstock" is wonderful. Unfortunately, the tone becomes more serious and the pacing meanders in the second half.
The more tightly Taking Woodstock focuses on history, the more satisfying the experience.
How's this for an idea - a movie about Woodstock that ignores the music of the Festival and concentrates on one boring guy's ability to set it all up.
Effectively employs iconic Woodstock imagery not to regenerate a numbing sense of mass nostalgia but rather as a minimalist backdrop against which to amplify the anguished, intimate ordeal of a frustrated individual who wasn't even there.
Just rent ADVENTURELAND (a better coming-of-age movie) and the WOODSTOCK documentary (a better depiction of the festival) instead of wasting your time on this.
If you want to experience the concert you can watch the 1970 Woodstock movie. This one is about what it all meant.
It's a small story about Woodstock. I didn't think that was possible. Lee's got the look down, but the story doesn't totally captivate, and the music is almost not present.
Taking Woodstock is homogenized mud. Director Ang Lee slides all over the place. He takes away all the sharp edges; what is left is pretty much a mess.
Taking Woodstock is enormous fun.
Aside from a few electric moments this is mostly a slow-moving, flat and unimpressive film.
This Borsht Belt turned Bacchanalian screen memoir suffers from persistent peripheral vision of a historic moment, while dulling the senses with an overload of housekeeping details. Not exactly a bad trip, but in no way a time travel contact high.
You won't get wasted, but your money won't wither.
Dramedy revisits famous festival, complete with drugs, sex.
It seems that Lee and Schamus had no idea what it was they wanted to say here. Did Woodstock matter? Does anyone care?
I needed to take a shower after just watching the film.
Though intermittently amusing and exhilarating, Taking Woodstock can't quite pull together its threads into one totally trippy tapestry.
a limp attempt to stage a story around the most historic concert ever and then treat the concert as a background echo to the predictable melodrama on center stage.
Too much of Taking Woodstock seems barely sketched out.
Dear-hearted but fuzzy in a way that unintentional mirrors the hippie aesthetic of the Woodstock festival, Lee's film is interested not so much in the massive concert as in the Catskill Mountains community which hosted it, however unwillingly.
It's harmless enough as a snapshot of a young man's awakening to the grand possibilities of adult life, but not particularly effective at capturing the spirit, the thrill or even the mud of this culturally monumental event.
So easy to get behind thematically and one with fascinating subject matter, but it's a movie that never gets over some of the stereotypes of its subject matter to present a fully-formed, relatable, human drama.
This is very light material, and, unusually for a Lee picture, not everybody in the ensemble appears to be acting in the same universe, let alone the same story. On the other hand: It's fun.
Taking Woodstock has the appeal of an inside story told from an especially good angle. But beyond that, the movie is a celebration of the way this event has gone into memory and of the meaning it has acquired.
It's great that Taking Woodstock doesn't trample on anything sacred, but it also never arrives anywhere interesting.
Taking Woodstock doesn't show anyone performing at the 1969 concert event, an intriguing choice that also works as a metaphor for the woebegone film. It never gets where it's going, either.
Lee's first total miscalculation, his first wholly inessential film.
Can you dig it? Maybe, if you aren't already up to your tie-dyed shorts in Woodstock memories, and if you can accept that there's relatively little music in this happy-go-lucky movie about history's most celebrated music festival.
For any teenager tempted to sneer at Mom and Dad's veneration of the whole Woodstock thing, this film explains why those three days in 1969 had such a profound effect on a generation.
If this Woodstock comes off as Edenic... don't assume the movie's advertising the real thing. Think of it as Ang Lee taking a vacation from too much reality.
Taking Woodstock is hardly a bad trip; just a very inconsequential one.
There is no need to oversell Taking Woodstock. Even though it is based on reality, it is meant as a modest allegory about the search for innocence and understanding and peace and love and so on.
Lee takes the viewer on a sweet-enough and nicely personalized trip through a corner of the '60s. And even if he skips the main event, he finds plenty of color in its surroundings.
Lee's larkiest film by far, Taking Woodstock features faces familiar and fresh.
Taking Woodstock fails to achieve anything beyond a contact high because of Martin's listless performance as the central character.
The drama in question, Ang Lee's Taking Woodstock, is a bit like the festival itself - a happy mess.
Maybe it's all too wonderful to be true, but that's OK. If Taking Woodstock is a fantasy, then it's a most benevolent one, and more power to it.
The film's focus on one man's story instead of the event itself is a solid narrative choice; the execution, however, is uneven and disappointing.
The filmmakers use Woodstock as wallpaper for a hackneyed story of personal growth and reinvention.
Much of our enjoyment of a movie is based on expectations - and this title is misleading. It's actually a low-key, lightweight, occasionally amusing yet shallow story.
In 1969, the term 'wasted' referred to good times. But in Ang Lee's take on 1969, 'wasted' is what happens to 2 perfectly good hours -- which might be better spent tie-dyeing the dog.
While many of the characters are getting satisfactorily high, audiences are unfortunately left with a movie that's only half-baked.
Taking Woodstock could have used a bit more old-fashioned Ang Lee brooding and torment and a bit less forced joy.
It's interesting and often amusing stuff, populated as it is with a cast of oddball characters, but it's also uneven, with a tendency to sag for stretches.
While the film starts off slow, Lee's story develops into an amazing trip; no pun intended.
The Oscar-winning director has effectively captured the good vibes surrounding the initial festival.
Parental Content Review
Taking Woodstock is a fine film, it just isn't what it wants to be or what it should be.
We get this one about three weeks after anyone cares about the 40th anniversary of Woodstock.
Demitri Martin and the movie are perfect for each other, both of them agreeable and inoffensive, likable and sort of funny but not very substantive.
Initially compelling with a fine ensemble cast and impressive cinematography, but suffers from an often bland screenplay that's deficient in character development, imagination and emotional resonance.
By the time "Taking Woodstock" comes to an end, you may find yourself asking "Was this long, strange trip really necessary?"
Despite setting itself up as a behind-the-scenes, insider's look at the making of the Woodstock Festival, Taking Woodstock tells us nothing new about the 1969 event that defined a generation.
I'm starting to suspect that Lee's insight into American thought is only a little deeper than a Western filmmaker who thinks he's brave for still bringing up bound feet.
Taking Woodstock has fine moments and an enjoyable vibe, but it never develops a coherent point of view.
Don't expect too much from Taking Woodstock and you might just enjoy its kind-hearted, sunny spirit. It is not, however, an experience that will linger long.
For the most part, it's a genial pleasure, with something disarmingly daggy -- intentional or not -- about its vision of history and individual experience.
Taking Woodstock has its pleasures; it's really a sweet-natured coming-of-age tale, with a famously groundbreaking rock concert lurking in the background.
It's debatable whether the real Woodstock was as messy as Taking Woodstock, which re-creates parts of that now-legendary 1969 music festival experience.
If you stick with this wistful, fitfully funny little trip, you will be rewarded with a movie that makes up in warmth, humanism and self-effacing modesty what it lacks in crackerjack pacing and epic pop-historical grandeur.
A gentle and largely enjoyable way to tell a story, but also one that never leaves much of an impression.
Some will appreciate the combination of vision and happenstance that led to the festival and its place in public consciousness as a marker for a generational shift.
while "Taking Woodstock" is a bit of a shaggy dog story, Lee uses a subtle build to show how 'three days of peace, love and music' transformed a rural farming community.
Lee distills the flavor of this transforming event and hints at how it transformed some who were there. His movie is a contact high.
The script has a dubious source, taken from a memoir by Elliot Tiber that, based on this evidence, does nothing to scrape the rust off Woodstock's mythic cliché.
Lee has gone for shaggy comedy. Some of it is funny. Some of it just sits there.
For a while, Woodstock represented a spirit of peaceful sharing that sometimes makes America great. That's what this native-born writer and immigrant director want us to remember.
Lee's movie is pleasant enough, but it's too swept up in the spirit it's celebrating to ask the relevant questions.
Taking Woodstock fails to immerse us in the visceral feeling of being there.
A more accurate and representative title might have been "Remaking Woodstock" because that's clearly what Lee set out to do.
This is surely the calmest and warmest portrait of chaos I've seen on screen...
Captures a lost innocence -- but the toneless monosyllables and "very cool's" and "groovy's" grow quickly vapid or spacey.
Even as a mind-clearing break from Lee's darker, more ambitious work, Taking Woodstock is an underachieving movie, so slight and gentle-spirited that it seems to be looking at the summer of 1969 through a scrim of rosy gauze.
Ang Lee's 11th collaboration with producer James Schamus starts out strong and funny before getting mired in 60s nostalgia.
Watching the film feels a lot like leafing through an album of someone else's vacation photos: Pleasant, but gets old fast.
The scruffiness is hardly accidental, but it gives the picture a gentle warmth and easy charm that make it as pleasant, if as passing, as a warm summer breeze.
[It] takes advantage of yet another anniversary celebration of the three-day music festival, but Lee only uses the milestone for surface draw. Otherwise, this aimless, pointless, emotionless and self-aggrandizing debacle would have no reason to exist.
Like its central character, Woodstock never makes it to the big show. But the lesson seems to be that it's not the destination that matters, it's the trip.
Like the mild-mannered protagonist, Taiwanese director Ang Lee sees the '60s through a rose-colored telephoto lens, but his sympathetic spirit extends the generous message of the hippie era like a passed joint.
Taking Woodstock has the freshness of something being created, not remembered.
The hippie mindset is that either you're with them or you're not, and similarly Taking Woodstock asks that you ride along its loose, laid-back vibe or start flinging mud.
A distraction that steals Lee's concentration, leaving the film in the same condition as the real Woodstock: muddy, scattered, and overlong.
It's not a bad film but I have a feeling that it's too chaotic. It lacks somehow some central gravitas, despite the comedic elements, to bring it all together.
Taking Woodstock takes us behind the scenes at that amazing event, and deals with ordinary people swept up in it. Don't expect concert scenes, because there are none.
It does at least come across as a portrait of an era that's affectionate, authentic and pleasingly adult in its tone and concerns.
This is the yawning of the Age of Aquarius.
Lee and his producer and screenwriter, James Schamus, have turned Tiber's book into a gentle, rather tepid film. Its first half is modest and likable, but it goes on for over two hours.
Really, it's the same circumstance captured in Bye Bye Birdie, but Lee and Schamus lack a sense of humor.
All the tie-dye, reefer, skinny-dipping, split-screen cinematography (from Eric Gautier) and acid-trip psychedelics courtesy of Tiber's encounter with hippies (Paul Dano and Kelli Garner) can't make up for the film's major sin of omission: the music.
Taking Woodstock achieves an amazing feat: It turns the fabled music festival, a key cultural moment of the late 20th century, into an exceedingly lame, heavily clichéd, thumb-sucking bore.
Lee captures the fractious, joyful, monstrously evolving mass it all was.
Lee's contribution should fit well into the Woodstock-tribute canon. It smartly avoids overused period references.
Ang Lee's Taking Woodstock is a coming-of-age comedy that roams the backstage and the back-story and sees that epic concert through rose-colored glasses.
Lee's movie captures the mellow mood and mud-caked faces of the crowd but misses the reverberations of the counterculture revolution that brought the great unwashed to that farm.
It is Woodstock light, which is one thing. It is also Ang Lee light, which is another thing altogether and far less satisfying.
Lee and Schamus make history blandly palatable; in the process, they rob the times and the people they're portraying of their complications.
As unlikely and enjoyable a memento of that long-gone moment in the age of Aquarius as we're likely to find in this 40th anniversary year of the epochal rock festival.
A project that is rather shapeless with a protagonist who is less than compelling.
There is a great movie within Ang Lee's "Taking Woodstock."
Eliot is conceived as something of a blank-slate character, and [Demetri] Martin isn't engaging enough to give anything but a blank-slate performance.
Idealistic but not idealized, the film contains a bittersweet quality that suggests without spelling out how truly monumental, meaningful, and one-of-a-kind Woodstock was.
Lee and producer-screenwriter James Schamus aim for comedy but come up with cliches.
Given a subject that has become synonymous with overblown mythmaking, its modesty becomes it.
The characters are all representative of the period but they come off as one-dimensional, more symbols than individuals.
It's a frustrating complication of a movie with a sprawling story and grand ambitions -- and some truly grand acting -- that stumbles almost as often as it soars. Bummer.
Taking Woodstock does nothing more than recycle the same late-'60s tropes seen countless times since the Carter administration.
It ends up being forgettable, when it could have taken a little piece of your heart.
[M]ade me feel like I'd missed out on something amazing by being born too late to have been a part of this. And even if that's a fantasy, it's okay.
Despite the sometimes crazy rhythm, the diverse and exuberant characters bring a sense of fun and merry frivolity to this one small tale about the iconic festival.
I suppose in a perfect world, it would be lovely to afford prestige filmmakers the opportunity to relax once in a while, to make a small, lightweight feel good movie, but Ang Lee's take on Woodstock is nothing short of disappointing.
You can't deny the smiling mood that wafts through the film like incense, and to that extent it honors the original three days; but not once does a character's show of feeling stir you, send you, or stop you in your tracks, and the loss is unsustainable.
Lee's sizeable re-creation of the planet's greatest music festival is a sanitised trip.
Like its namesake festival it is crazy, naive, full of hope and features extensive drug use.
Much of the credit must go to Lee's cinematic choices; his use of multi-split screens, the montages that create a clear sense of the vibrantly positive mood infecting everyone and a beautiful acid trip visualisation
It's a terrific story and James Schamus has written an accessible screenplay filled with truths. While all the ingredients are extreme and the subject matter serious (relationships, survival, sexual awakening), there's abundant humour in the characters an
Too bad the principal character lacks the charisma to carry the movie.
A laid-back, colorful, and groovy glimpse of the magic of Woodstock viewed through the life of an up-tight young man who is a great caretaker unable to treat himself with the same care and support he gives others.
Ang Lee captures the spirit of this memorable cultural event as the coming of age of a young man who accidentally facilitated it, but Michael Wadleigh's documentary is the richer Woodstock experience.
There are flashes of inspiration here, but nothing to sustain a feature film's worth of narrative import.
It's a sunny-side-up account of the famous hippy festival in upstate New York, timed to coincide with its fortieth anniversary this year, that unashamedly plays up its comedy and youthful idealism.
The event itself is glimpsed only from a distance but, when Elliot does reach his vantage point, the view is poetically amazing. You feel the presence of Joplin and Hendrix rather than actually see them.
It may not be on a par with Brokeback, nor as powerful as Lust, Caution, but Taking Woodstock is another triumph for Ang Lee, a director whose resume gets more and more diverse with every project he tackles.
A bland, faintly pointless slice of sentimentality, suggesting comedy isn't Lee's strong suit.
Undoubtedly one of Ang Lee's lighter films, 'Taking Woodstock' is also one of his better ones, and a welcome return to form.
It's a movie that wears the trappings of the countercultural movement like bunting, yet is essentially mild-mannered and rather conventional.
Light and amusing but shallow and diffuse, Ang Lee's take on the seminal music event is one of his weakest works, due to Schamus' poor literary adaptation, which is full of stereotypes and devoid of gravitas.
Demetri Martin makes little impression as Tiber, and the rest of the cast tends to indulge stale '60s stereotypes.
Even with the ever-versatile Ang Lee behind the camera, this messy historical fiction plays like a two hour "Saturday Night Live" sketch, and not a very good one, either.
The movie is undergroovy and overplotted.
Alas, the fun does not last. Once the concert starts and Elliot has his inevitable LSD trip and introduction to free love, the film drops the comedy for a needless coming-of-age denouement.
One man's near-emotionless trip through an event that was the high watermark for US counterculture moves along without any real sense of purpose or pace.
The biggest surprise of all - it's actually pretty average, at least by Lee's own impeccable standards.
Enjoyable in places and merely humdrum in others, Taking Woodstock ultimately feels like a minor Ang Lee digression in between more memorable works.
It's a low-wattage film about a high-wattage event. Which is somewhat disappointing, though you do get a thoughtful, playful, often amusing film about what happened backstage at one of the '60s' great happenings.
A sort of let's-put-on-a-show summer-camp lark for director Ang Lee after the dramatic rigors of "Brokeback Mountain" and "Lust, Caution," the picture serves up intermittent pleasures but is too raggedy and laid-back for its own good.







@highlight

Featuring numerous 60s-era clichés, but little of the musical magic that highlighted the famous festival, Taking Woodstock is a breezy but underwhelming portrayal.