It rather presents a quaint coming-of-faith tale that's not especially captivating to watch.
The picture never settles for easy answers, and these warmly-drawn characters are granted a surprising complexity.
Higher Ground is a fantastic debut for Farmiga.
Farmiga challenges herself and the viewer. Some may shrink from that challenge, but thankfully, our gutsy director and star never does
Yet there is something about the film, something about the way it is constructed, about what it is saying, that has struck some sort of interior chord with me, and as such I've been having plenty of trouble compiling my thoughts into one.
Movies don't often show the religious fervor of characters like these with such earnestness, and Farmiga's layered performance helps the movie through some rough patches.
Above all, Farmiga tells Briggs' story with authenticity, going for small, believable moments instead of big dramatic ones.
There's nothing quite objectionable about Farmiga's film, and that may be its biggest problem: it's content to comfort when it should seek to challenge instead.
A rich, sometimes rewarding, yet deeply flawed work that sometimes gets things so right that it's hard not to forgive it when it doesn't.
What makes 'Higher Ground' fascinating is that it also shows how communities like the one Biggs belonged to can also be appealing.
A shaky but interesting directorial debut...
Vera Farmiga proves herself to be, right out of the box, a terrific director.
This cool, calculated who's-hunting-who piece that brings home all the requisite tension, gunplay and fighting with a great deal of cinematic style.
Farmiga makes an astounding directorial debut in this emotionally-charged film in which doubt brings challenging questions and faith proves to not be the magic elixir in dealing with life's misfortunes.
It lubes its audiences' mental gears and sets them to spinning without insulting anyone and without issuing threats of eternal damnation. Subtlety, thy name is Vera.
Vera Farmiga makes a heavenly debut as a director with Higher Ground, a compelling drama about a woman's spiritual journey.
A dignified and graceful first-person account of how a belief system is created and sustained, and evolves.
Farmiga has etched something deeply personal and idiosyncratic here: a movie about a character who is simply trying to understand herself and her world -- and that opens up a lot of angst and conflict.
All the performances are totally believable, no-one is satirised, the true faith of the believers is seen in a way as enviable.
Higher Ground is a delicate exploration of faith gained and lost, told through strong acting and graceful direction by Vera Farmiga.
It's repetitious and simply boring for anyone not touched by the holy spirit.
A dense and sensitive exploration of life, love and spiritual enlightenment
Higher Ground grapples with weighty issues in a mature and pensive manner, reinstating a measure of faith in the way Hollywood's disciples are willing to tackle this thorny subject.
...skeptical and yearning at the same time.
Give first-time director Vera Farmiga credit for literally aiming high with Higher Ground, her adaptation of Carolyn S. Briggs' loss-of-faith tome, This Dark World.
The film's quiet realism demands from us our own act of faith: We're asked to watch closely and to listen intently in the promise of a greater reward to come. Well, the promise is partly kept.
Farmiga's first film is good enough to make us look forward to her next one.
Ultimately too tender and respectful. The story wavers at times between humorous character drama and serious spiritual yearning.
An honest and nuanced portrayal of religion that is alternately confounding and fascinating.
Kudos to Higher Ground for respectfully presenting a drama that just happens to be about Christianity. If only that weren't the best thing it had going for it.
She's beautiful, a great actress, and, now, a great director. Commence jealousy of Vera Farmiga.
The film is refreshingly free of proselytizing. In its place, however, is a whiff of condescension.
This film might easily have settled for mocking religion. Instead, it's a fascinating glimpse into a culture that forces some people to choose between fitting in and opting out.
At times, these analogies feel forced. But give the rookie filmmaker credit for visual storytelling.
The movie is full of interesting ideas and performances. Farmiga is always good, and there's a nice role for Dagmara Dominczyk as her one true friend in the church.
The focus stays on her internal transformation through the spiritual maturity that gives . . . a surprising sympathy for faith-based feminism rarely seen in films.
'Higher Ground' proves faith can be on display in a film, but that doesn't automatically mean it's worth watching.
Boring mess of an aimless movie in which Farmiga shows no aptitude for directing.
If Vera Farmiga finds religious fundamentalists so interesting, why is her depiction of them in Higher Ground so mediocre?
That's right, this is a movie about the life of an American woman. Oh, plus there's some religion in there, too.
Farmiga is terrific, but her clear vision as a director and her ability to play fair with believers and skeptics alike provides the balance and insight needed to ground the film in thoughtful reality.
Higher Ground may not be a true revelation, but it does show a viable path an actor might take to shape intelligent material on her own terms.
There's no sense of life or texture, with many basic questions that would give the movie context unanswered: When is it supposed to take place? Where, exactly, are we? Do any of the people in Corinne's sect have jobs?
Tells its story in such a fractured, elliptical fashion that you're likely to leave it more confused than enlightened, as befuddled as the heroine is after her experiences.
There's a gentleness to "Higher Ground" that's very appealing; you sense a real affection for all the characters, particularly the women, and a genuine curiosity about religion as a guiding principal in one's life.
The film is ultimately a message movie about the virtue of independent thinking, offering plenty of small insights but no revelations.
"Higher Ground'' is a noble failure, a case of an artist loving a character so much that she loses sight of why.
Deftly presenting Corrine's dilemma, Higher Ground shows how alone she feels in the midst of community and family, and also, how earnest she is in her efforts not to feel that way.
It's honest and richly imagined, drilling to the heart of commitment and life. It's difficult material from which to launch a filmmaking career, yet this is a splendidly confident, unexpected movie. One of the best of 2011.
As Robert Duvall did in The Apostle, Farmiga portrays her characters with nuance and dignity and re-creates their world with detail and respect.
The movie is flushed with hope, wonder, heartbreak.
Some reviewers have compared Higher Ground to Robert Duvall's The Apostle (1997), and it is a similarly positive portrayal of Southern evangelical faith.
"Higher Ground" shines a light on an important aspect of the human experience, one not often explored onscreen, and contains a number of notable performances - not the least of which is Farmiga in the central role.
"Higher Ground" glides and takes time to explore. In the best way it feels very '70s: It's about a relatable lost soul finding herself.
Farmiga recognizes that some may see faith as a generic way to stabilize weakness, while others are happy to subscribe for such a reliable source of strength.
In a world where believers and agnostics are polarized and hold simplified ideas about each other, it takes a step back and sees faith as a series of choices that should be freely made.
That Vera Farmiga gives an honest, empathetic performance should come as no surprise; she is one of the most gifted and daring actresses of our time, as she's proved in such films as Down to the Bone, Breaking and Entering, and Up in the Air...
The crucial thing about Higher Ground is that it takes at face value the faces, many bearded, almost all beatific, that the camera surveys -- quite an achievement, given Hollywood's woeful record in the dramatizing of faith.
Moving drama about faith and doubt dares to be smart.
Higher Ground is one of the few open-minded Hollywood movies about Christian fundamentalism, but the mind isn't sufficiently exploratory.
A stellar cast...Joshua Leonard is also excellent as Farmiga's (character's) husband. I love the movie's haunting final shot. (The film) could easily emerge a 2011 awards contender.
It's a movie of glances, emotions that pass between characters - which the camera, and the other characters, sometimes inconveniently notice.
Most contemporary movies either treat religion uncri tically or mock it outright. This promising directing debut by whip-smart actress Vera Farmiga ("Up in the Air") takes another, more interesting path.
This would be tricky territory for the most experienced director, but I can't remember the last time I saw organized religion handled in such an even-handed, thoughtful manner.
It is a rare film about faith that is sincere and respectful in its appreciation for believers and those who struggle to find a connection with God.
Making her directorial debut behind the camera while starring in front of it, Vera Farmiga proves herself adept at forging various relationships on screen, but awkward when it comes to jumping timelines, symbolism and fantasy.
A solid film by a self-assured director, one who didn't have an axe to grind dealing with a subject that could have been spun that way.
Corinne's journey is riveting not because she seeks the divine, but because she finds herself.
High praise for Vera Farmiga, a stunner of an actress, who makes her directing debut with the same bold instincts for sharp humor and harsh truths that mark her performances.
There is something remarkable - you might even say miraculous - about the way "Higher Ground" makes its gentle, thoughtful way across the burned-over terrain of the American culture wars.
The same intelligence, wit and mature spirit that actress Vera Farmiga brings to her performances is richly apparent in her directorial debut as well, the inquisitive spiritual drama "Higher Ground."
As director, Farmiga is a strong believer in cinematic democracy, allowing the other actors to seize the center of the action and the frame.
Though the film cries out for a sharper focus, Farmiga expertly captures a woman who realizes that until she herself is grounded, there can be no higher ground.
Farmiga closes in on moments that express mood and character so lightly and perceptively that you don't notice them gently - sometimes too gently - moving the story forward.
A shapeless collection of tonally diverse moments strung together with little organizing principle beyond the protagonist's identity struggles.
Higher Ground insists on the deep normality of true believers, but it also portrays their belief as a choice that seeps into mundane moments of existence.
It's a refreshingly honest and uncynical examination of Christian faith, viewed through the eyes of a believer who's as sincere about her faith as she is about her doubts.
Higher Ground is a weird film with some very nice moments, but its odd and offbeat combination of comic touches, serious spiritual subject matter and occasional surrealist interludes never quiet gels.
Funny and heartbreaking, this is a movie that would have made the '80s-era Jonathan Demme, attuned to American anxieties, blush with pride.
Even at its most clumsy, Farmiga's directorial debut makes you look forward to her next effort from behind the camera...
Even with her beatific face (the actress looks like one of Parmigianino's Madonnas), Farmiga is never wholly believable as a woman shaken by a crisis of belief.
"Higher Ground" probably sounds rather somber, but Farmiga also deftly conveys the absurdity of Corinne's predicament. Every once in a while she'll let out a cackle that's just pure joy.
A satirical yet sensitive portrait of life in an evangelical Christian community, Higher Ground marks a startlingly bold directing debut for actress Vera Farmiga.
Bereft of both spiritual and narrative spark, the loss-of-faith drama Higher Ground gets stuck in the valley of the shadow of snark.
A spiritual drama that challenges viewers to map their own journey of faith, asking questions, having doubts, and seeking a closer connection with God.
Vera Farmiga is as great a director as she is an actress in this tale of a fundamental Christian who has doubts.
That rare, rewarding film to tackle the religious question head-on with real intelligence and objectivity.
Farmiga transcends the petty religious debate to deal with the richer subject matter of how to really engage in life.
Given that the subject matter could easily descend into flat-out satire, Farmiga employs an approach that is just short of miraculous, never condescending to her flock of "believers," and yet still poking some innocent fun at the proceedings.
The film is a deft, graceful and often poignant story of a woman's quest to find her own identity and a spiritual sanctuary that will give her life hope and meaning.

@highlight

With Higher Ground , star and debuting director Vera Farmiga takes viewers on a challenging spiritual journey whose missteps are easily overcome by its many rich rewards.