Eccentric without ever becoming unduly whimsical, Sophie Barthes' surrealism-lite "Cold Souls" (which she tenders a co-film-by with Andrij Parekh) pirouettes within the same school as Charlie Kaufman's dance floor.
By the time Barthes' screenplay descends into a psychodrama of infancy, we're beyond caring.
Fanciful tale is fun for grownups; won't appeal to kids.
Barthes' execution is flat, philosophically empty and mostly boring. But you can't call it soulless (no, not even when it's a zinger of a pun to finish the review with).
Barthes introduces a captivating concept provoking a number of philosophical questions, but never answers them making the film unsettling and difficult to enjoy.
The nature and value of the human soul is thoughtfully and humorously explored.
Sophie Barthes' debut feature is a surreal blend of witty comedy and reflective %u2014 please excuse the expression %u2014 soul searching.
Feels like "Being John Malkovich" but funny nonetheless. Paul Chambers, CNN.
If you could buy Cold Souls in flatpack form from IKEA, when you laid out all the parts on the living room floor they'd look a lot like the components for a Charlie Kaufman movie.
You'd say that Cold Souls is strange, but strange doesn't begin to describe this darkly humorous, concept film.
Cold Souls is imitation Kaufman, written and directed by newcomer Sophie Barthes, who makes no effort to hide the source of her inspiration.
The result is a deliciously deadpan piece of absurdism with some unexpectedly poignant touches.
In Cold Souls, it is time for more metaphysical mucking about with an actor playing a pretentiously remixed version of his real self.
There's added appeal thanks to Barthes' silly but fun film via the outstanding cinematography by her collaborator, Andrij Parekh, whose arty lighting and careful framing make the film a visual treat.
Barthes' first film indicates a fearless, imaginative writer/director with a great deal more to offer audiences with her future projects; if Cold Souls isn't always easy to warm to, it certainly lights the fire of a talent worth watching.
An uneasy mix of comedy and ideas, which flatters both itself and its audience that it's smarter and wryer than it really is.
Much of cinema is so predictable these days. Cold Souls isn't.
Smart and funny, it's an amusing showcase for a great idea and the terrific Giamatti.
I love the bizarreness of the premise about a man who feels so heavy by the weight of his soul he puts it into cold storage, and although Cold Souls doesn't quite gel in the final analysis, there is much about this dream-inspired film that is wonderful
Cold Souls is odd and gloomy but the deadpan comedy and introspective musings are engaging and Giamatti's tour de force is worth the price of admission.
Moving from antiseptic clinics to the streets of St. Petersburg, there's something appropriately chilly about "Cold Souls." But if it lacks warmth or a tidy ending, it is very funny, and has plenty of intellect. Much more than a chickpea's worth.
The credible production design impresses, the camerawork offers an exquisite chill and Giamatti is in his pomp.
For those who like Charlie Kaufman on paper but occasionally find themselves a little tested by his self-conscious meanderings in practice, the hilarious Cold Souls is a pleasingly tight and subtle execution of an eye-opening concept.
The writer-director Sophie Barthes does her best to keep things moving, but the film runs out of steam about halfway through.
The pedantic borrowings from Kaufman are obvious. Is there any other "-esque" to be detected? There's Allen-esque, but that comes with the Kaufman-esque territory. Maybe Huxley-esque? The anxiety of influence hangs heavily here.
A trippy premise literally dreamed up by director Sophie Barthes, it is pensive and ponderous, offering a nod and wink to the likes of Philip K Dick and Charlie Kaufman. But it's also peculiarly remote.
What might sound on paper like heavy-handed flick that tries to shove clever-clever ideas down your throat is nothing of the sort. Cold Souls is funny, thought-provoking, often witty and always boasts a tremendous lightness of touch.
Competently made but remarkably smug for a film unique only in its paucity of original ideas.
This clever, surreal comedy is closer to the more whimsical work of a young Woody Allen.
Writer-director Sophie Barthes can't decide whether to take the idea seriously or comedically, with the result that it works neither as comedy nor drama.
While the idea's neat, there's no attempt to explore the weighty implications. It's a likeably quirky movie, mind, with Giamatti's hangdog features meaning a smile's never too far from your lips.
The film itself seems to inhabit the soul of another screenwriter, Charlie Kaufman, though it's more a respectful nod than a blatant steal. Barthes shows enough wit and daring of her own to mark her as one to watch.
As a serious exploration of the nature of the soul, it feels incomplete, but it's an entertaining enough existential ramble.
Hugely enjoyable, frequently funny and ultimately thought-provoking comedy with a delightfully absurd script.
Like a collision of Charlie Kaufman and Woody Allen, this dark comedy is a surreal gem.
It's an amuse-bouche, for exactly the kind of twerp who uses words like "amuse-bouche". If that's you, you'll love it. You big ponce.
It's a precious, whimsical premise, but while Barthes has some decent jokes, and a wonderful facilitator for those jokes in Giamatti, its underlying insights aren't all that profound and this ultimately feels more formulaic than it should.
doesn't quite cohere around its squishy metaphysical center, and sometimes swings erratically from meditative essay to screwball surrealism ...
A high-concept Russian flavored black comedy.
It's comical, yes, but glum and brooding, too, a wintry waltz through acting, underground commerce and metaphysics.
Barthes gets bogged down in existentialism in the movie's final third, but until then she engages in some fun absurdist humor, anchored by a strong performance from Giamatti.
Any work that purports to be about the nature of the soul is pretty high in the pretension realm. In this case, it's also one of the most fascinating movies of 2009.
Had Cold Souls come out exactly a decade earlier, it would have seemed utterly original and daring ... because it would have beaten Being John Malkovich to the screen by a few months.
These are all very surreal, inventive ideas, heightened by the dreamlike cinematography from Barthes' partner, Andrij Parekh; the scenes shot in St. Petersburg, for example, are simultaneously gauzy and bleak.
Giamatti is masterful, swaddled in a heavy beard and an existential slump.
[It] wouldn't work at all without the very talented Giamatti. He has to portray a person with a soul, as well as a soulless one, and make us believe that's the case. He does so, perfectly.
High concept, interesting, and well-performed, but ironically soulless. I enjoyed the journey we went on with Paul, but it had some intangible thing lacking.
the most deliciously off-beat comedy of the year
Giamatti stammers and futzes and self-loathes with the best of 'em, and his endearing persona and droopy-dog face can move the film along even when the narrative can't.
The writer-director, Sophie Barthes, stays true to fairy-tale and literary notions of souls while surrounding them with sleek sci-fi paraphernalia.
If I have one real beef with Cold Souls, it's simply this: I don't think it digs particularly deeply into the philosophy or the unanswerable questions dredged up by its premise.
The script thinks it's "oh so clever" that I just wanted to puke. A chore to sit through. It felt like it was 3 hours long, but was only half that.
While [it] has a certain quirky charm--mostly due to its star--the overall effect is rather pallid.
Cold Souls is less a movie than a cinematic decoupage that rips off pieces of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Being John Malkovich and blends them together.
Peppered with ingenious twists of imagination, Cold Souls walks a tightrope between intellectual slapstick and edgy social commentary.
A dreary-looking, glacially paced collection of missed opportunities.
The first half is inventive, but the film really loses steam in the second half. Too many technical problems went unsolved in bringing this story to the screen.
Inspired by one of [director] Barthes' dreams, Cold Souls has the kind of twisted but clever self-awareness of Being John Malkovich.
These pitch-perfect moments, as well as Giamatti's performance as an artist driven to a personal and creative brink, make Cold Souls, if not always coherent, at least compelling.
It's a movie about losing your soul that doesn't really have one.
More ridiculous than thought-provoking.
A clever existential comedy.
This new meta-movie does have its moments, after establishing its offbeat premise.
A dark indie comedy that's distinguished by a sci-fi theme and surrealistic touches but ends without a payoff.
[Director] Barthes takes her notion and runs with it, and Giamatti and Strathairn follow fearlessly. The movie is rather evocative about the way we govern ourselves from the inside out.
It's a simple query, and a fun one to explore, yet only a temporarily compelling conflict for a feature-length film.
Barthes is no Charlie Kaufman -- never mind Anton Chekhov.
The movie turns what could have been a tedious meta-movie exercise into a sincere dour farce.
For those who like comedies that derive humor through absurd situations and dialogue rather than through more lowbrow methods, this film is worth taking a chance on.
I found myself thinking about this movie for a long time after I got out of the theater.
A terrific premise, but I'm not so sure about the execution.
A very engaging and civilized comedy that combines a great story with spirited acting and an undercurrent of criticism about the brave new world of medicine.
Giamatti's usual character%u2014at least, the one that Cold Souls wishes to exploit%u2014is paper-thin, working better on the periphery than in the center of the narrative.
Director Barthes, who also wrote the script, has an engagingly bent sensibility -- and as we see in a subplot involving a dark dream set in an orphanage, a lot of soul, too.
You wear a smile right through the surrealist spoof Cold Souls, but leave the theatre feeling somehow under-entertained.
A refreshingly imaginative, funny and intelligent sci-fi drama boasting a superb performance by Paul Giamatti.
While funny, there is weight to this film's mystery, the questions of human morality and spiritual duality ones that would make both Chekhov and Dostoyevsky proud.
It shows plenty of promise at the beginning, and even though that promise isn't kept, Giamatti's performance will keep your interest.
Giamatti is one of the few guys who could take a joke about a chickpea-sized soul and make a meal of it.
For all its quirks and laughs, there's something in this film you haven't seen in many others during this long summer. A soul.
This quaintly goofy premise makes for pointedly neurotic Sleeper-ish fun, not to mention nifty digs at our culture of self-reinvention.
Cold Souls works precisely because its ambitions are somewhat mellow; this isn't a relentlessly high-strung picture.
A sombre slice of surrealism, Cold Souls is a welcome opportunity for America's most agony-prone actor to do what he does best: suffer.
[Giamatti is] terrific throughout, although the movie, which is more clever than funny, sometimes resembles second-tier Charlie Kaufman stuff.
While Cold Souls doesn't answer any of the questions it raises, it does provide a thought-provoking narrative framework from which to begin.
An ambitious, elegantly shot, tonally cool first feature written and directed by Sophie Barthes.
Giamatti gives one of his best performances, and writer-director Sophie Barthes intriguingly turns his loss of soul into a clinical, observable event. But each fertile idea gets only a few shallow iterations.
...plays like "The Golden Compass" without the depth crossed with "Being John Malkovich" with far less wit.
'Cold Souls' is no mere copycat, no proto-Kaufman 'Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead'; it is a film with its own particular style and ideas, and, at its best, is just as strong as the pictures it is so readily connected to.
The easiest, and laziest, way to describe the new movie "Cold Souls" is to compare it to "Being John Malkovich."
Barthes gives the film a nice chilly, deadpan tone so that it easily wanders from black comedy to moments of genuine reflection.
The film is superbly shot by Andrij Parekh and edited by Andrew Mondshein, but it's the hilarious and heartbreaking Giamatti who provides it with, well, soul.
The low-key satire would have benefited from more of a back story to Giamatti's character and a clearer sense of his relationship with his wife. But what we do get is compelling in the way of an indelible, dreamy short story.
The premise seems profound, but the claustrophobically inert execution lacks reach or imagination.
The more elaborate the plot becomes, the sillier it gets.
inarguably Kaufman Lite, but I'm not sure if that's something to bemoan
The inventiveness of Barthes' story is matched by a sense of visual fluidity that's especially striking in a first feature.
An amusing slice of existential whimsy with an Eastern European bent.
The film explores our inability and refusal to "look inside" and really try to understand our unconscious.
Giamatti works the comedy like a pro, from deadpan to slapstick, but he also delivers pathos.
No doubt, this darkly humorous metaphysical comedy would have had more impact if it were made before Jonze, Kaufman and Gondry created their surreal works, but it's still an impressive debut, skillfully acted and directed.
This is a comedy, not a philosophy lesson, and thus richer in bafflement than in understanding.
Paul Giamatti is firming up a rep as the best character actor of his generation.
Theatrical tale, well-acted, heavy on mood but light on meaning.
High on concept, but low on execution writer/director Sophie Barthes' gray comedy of post modern, existential panic never finds its balance before falling off the same kind of narrative wire that "Being John Malkovich" danced effortlessly on.
The film is at times hilarious, and yet it is surprisingly melancholy. Giamatti is an astounding actor, as anyone would know who saw his recent portrayal of John Adams, and he here gives a sterling performance, one that is ferociously comic and anarchic,
Barthe's potential as an imaginative and intellectual writer and a director with a distinctive visual style displays more than promise in Cold Souls, her debut feature, it exhibits a self-assurance and a brilliance and should not be missed.
The most imaginative American film since "Being John Malkovich"...a late-summer surprise, a genuinely funny and thoughtful film that never quite goes where you expect it to.
Deftly balancing its symbolic and philosophical underpinnings with deadpan human comedy, the movie successfully operates on multiple levels.
As a tortured actor, Giamatti is the film's best asset in the marketplace, and French-born, US-trained Sophie Barthes certainly establishes herself as a name to watch with this ambitious debut.
Giamatti the character rediscovers his sensitivity, and Giamatti the actor proves he's up for anything. Barthes, directing her first feature, proves she's up for whatever comes next.
This smartly crafted feature debut appealingly capitalizes on its star's well-worn persona.
Cold Souls is a beautifully shot film, and it also becomes more than a little bit moving.
Anchored by a great Giamatti performance, Cold Souls is built around a terrific idea and has serious fun with it. It also marks Barthes as a filmmaker to watch.
An engrossing surreal comedy that takes an inventive look at soul, dreams, emotions, and the emptiness of a life devoid of meaning.
Cold Souls is a skillfully shot, well-acted, thoroughly unconvincing, and unaffecting put-on.









@highlight

Straddling existential drama and surrealist comedy, Sophie Barthes debut feature is beautifully shot and full of inventive quandaries.