Either way, it--and the movie--is annoying.
Hill is loveable as the good guy forced to do bad things that upset his medical missus, played by Mad Men's Elisabeth Moss, and Australian actress Rose Byrne from Damages is a revelation as Aldous's cockney ex-lover.
With the film's plot becoming increasingly improbable, a happy ending just seems disingenuous.
Get Him To The Greek is absolutely hilarious. With great music and amusing chemistry between the two leads, it's definitely a must-see.
While it's not the classic comedy that you haven't lived until you see it, 'Greek' is more than good enough for a few, goofy laughs.
What we end up with here is a tonally confused film with jokes that mostly miss and some good performances from the leads.
The jury's still out on Brand as a leading man, at least on this evidence, but chances are you won't find a vehicle better suited to his comic sensibilities than this one.
Diddy's scene-stealing work proves that he should really take a break from trying to prove his Serious Acting Chops and do more comedy.
... Likely to be one of the year's best comedies.
To put it in rock 'n' roll terms, you'd go to the gig but you wouldn't buy the t-shirt.
For the music lovers: If Superbad, Knocked Up and Forgetting Sarah Marshall are Radiohead's The Bends, OK Computer and Kid A, Get Him To The Greek is their Amnesiac.
Quite sadly Get Him to the Greek just doesn't work in the way it was meant to. Despite an ambitious metaphor, the film is far too mean-spirited to tickle our funny-bone.
Nesavrena, ali sasvim probavljiva holivudska zabava za ove vruće ljetne dane
Not quite up to par with Forgetting Sarah Marshall, but this is one easily worth multiple viewings with the potential to get funnier and funnier each time.
There's a tight, farcical, potentially hilarious movie hiding inside this uneven, protracted but begrudgingly humorous film.
Sorry guys, not even a good try
This Forgetting Sarah Marshall spin-off is lively and silly enough to keep us giggling. But its darker moments make the tone rather uneven.
Prepare to have a bawdy, taboobusting good time. Just don't expect it to resonate anywhere except your funnybone.
I'm having a hard time remembering what the really funny bits in Get Him to the Greek were, exactly. I mean, I know I laughed. I just don't really remember why.
Get Him To The Greek promises a fun time but rarely delivers the goods.
'Greek' works best during the cleverly scored mayhem montage scenes (a highlight involves absinthe and a French version of Happy Together).
While it's clear that rock-star petulance and vanity are being spoofed, there is little at stake dramatically or morally -- the bedroom threesome towards the end is weird rather than funny.
The basic tonal problem is established right at the outset: we are being invited to laugh at exotic limey Aldous, whereas Brand's stand-up persona needs us to laugh with him and to see the world through his eyes.
Needs more Kristen Bell.
Just a succession of gross-out gags and sketches that fail to deliver.
This is mostly plain hilarious.
This is Brand's film, and every aspect of his persona is played to the max - the sexual magnetism, the multiple addictions, the doting but distant mum, the hangers-on and women who want to control him.
You can have too much of a good thing and we have our fill of Aldous's sexist outbursts well before the end of the first hour.
While Brand can take credit for the authenticity of his character, Stoller has brought out the best Brand performance to date.
Given that Judd Apatow is a co-producer, you'd at least expect the film to make you laugh. The humour's all over the place, though.
Unlike many of 2010's comedies so far, hilarity does indeed ensue.
This is Brand's movie all the way: he's the one snorting the drugs, throwing the tantrums and getting the lion's share of the laughs.
Feeling like a very laboured version of The Hangover, Get Him To The Greek is a bitter pill to swallow in comparison.
It's as silly and juvenile as you'd expect, but a whole lot of fun.
This is Brand's bag: a man intoxicated with himself, who'll never shut up or stop messing around with east London slang and 19th-century swear words until the world drops its knickers.
Aaron and Aldous are a flat-out pleasure to watch bouncing off each other - their chemistry is much richer than the one-note geek/freak odd couple you might expect.
The comedy is close to the knuckle at times, but Hill and Brand counter that with an easy chemistry, while those who normally find Brand too loud or abrasive may be surprised to see his softer side.
Boasting an impressive above-the-title debut for Brand, this is one for your movie-watchy booky wook.
Highly amusing ... confirms Russell Brand as a genuine Hollywood star.
Empty laughs are still laughs.
The film has a riotous anarchic tone that suits its Rock and Roll personality perfectly, and by the time it was over I was actually sad to see it end.
It's impossible to take seriously %u2014 to even trust it as real %u2014 when it's so clearly designed to feel like nothing more than a version of events tossed together from abandoned ideas left behind by a much better film.
A chaotic and turbo-charged ride with laughs and groans and despite its crass downmarket humour, the film has an inventive script that keeps us guessing as we scream together down the corridors of excess
Some will love it, some will hate it and the rest will fall somewhere in between.
Get Him To The Greek is not a masterpiece, but it's very entertaining for audiences who like their comedy raw.
Like most of the recent exports from Apatown, this is patchy, but home-run hilarious from time to time. If only it didn't detour into darkness so often.
Though it drags a bit at times, and -- like other Apatow films -- concentrates on the gross-out elements, the film has a lovely central core in which the importance of love and long-term relationships are stressed.
Boldly enlivened by its risque, full-force approach to drugs and sex, Get Him To The Greek is comedy gold, but it's the film's serious centre (principally its commentary on addiction and relationships) that makes it even more memorable.
It must try all manner of bizarre/obscene/silly things to sustain itself beyond stating the obvious about celebrity excess.
Episodes of high hilarity make the movie worth the trip.
Greek surprisingly poignant.
Russell Brand channels Peter O'Toole in the year's best (so far) alkie celeb yarn
Get Him to the Greek provides a nice blend of laughs and unexpected moments of real warmth
...Get Him to the Greek ultimately overstays its welcome in a manner that's nothing short of breathtaking...
W.C. Fields warned, "Never work with children or animals." Russell Brand and Jonah Hill can add, "Never work with P. Diddy."
Just funny
Combs, the only breath of fresh air in the film, is the only guy in the whole movie who is in on the joke.
While there are plenty of laughs to be had in this supremely entertaining -- and surprisingly affecting -- comedy, it is Russell Brand's pitch-perfect performance that makes Get Him to the Greek such a memorable, and joyfully insane ride.
Brand can seem simultaneously randy and strung-out and is often very funny. Hill is surprisingly touching, which is quite a feat given the number of orifices he is required to display.
Get Him to the Greek ticks all the boxes. It's a satire on rock'n'roll, with Russell Brand as a drugs- and booze-addled English rock star who's trying to restart his career and get back his lost love, model-turned-singer Jackie Q (a Cockney Rose Byrne)
As funny as it often is, the longer it goes on, the more one gets the feeling that, aside from getting them to the Greek, Stoller had no real idea where he was taking his characters.
... sets a new standard for stupid ...
Raunchy, wild and offbeat - not unlike Russell Brand himself -- 'Get Him to the Greek' is a grownups-only comedy romp.
What we have here is a great idea for a comedy and a script that's at least a dozen rewrites away from greatness.
Only die hard Russell Brand fans will enjoy this sequel of sorts to "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" which I've already forgotten
I can't say it is the hit of the summer, but this film should definitely be on your must see list that you can rock out to.
...replete with crude language, vomit, prolific drug use, infidelity, and generally low class manners and morals, all Apatow staples...f-bombs and vomit are not humor.
The movie's story is conventional in shape, but it has passages of crazy exhilaration and brilliant invention.
The pseudo-sequel to 2008's overachieving Forgetting Sarah Marshall plays upside-down musical chairs with d--k jokes and innuendo until the only place to sit is on its own thumb. And then the bottom drops out.
You'll O.D. on your own laughter!
Part of me is ashamed to admit that I really enjoyed this film.
Brand's performance in this film is bold and brilliant, and it is supremely complemented by Hill's very funny physical humor and nuanced acting.
This outrageous rock parody offers typical crude comedy from producer Apatow's factory.
If not for the likable Hill and the very believable Brand, the film would be a total bust.
The drugged-out, womanizing, self-obsessed, rehab-riddled rock star has preened many times on screen. But Russell Brand makes Aldous Snow more than a coked-up cliche.
I laughed quite frequently and recommend the picture on that count, but Greek's insights into the "sex, drugs, rock and roll" mindset are what really turn it into something special.
Hill is great, but he's just like the last five main characters in these sort of films. Thankfully, Brand's excellent and wildly original performance makes up for this for the most part, so it's not much of a problem.
It's a shaggy tale containing a fair number of jokes that miss their intended targets by a wide berth. But the bits that do work -- and there are many -- are comic gold; fans of raunchy cinema can do far worse.
Get Him to the Greek is a fun ride that will lead you down some pretty corrupt paths. Enjoy!
"Just like its rock-star protagonist, this rollicking road comedy may be sloppy and disjointed, but it puts on one hell of a show."
dares to go to some very dark places and does so without losing its absurdist bite
Stoller insists on investing his randy rock star with, you know, feelings. ... These moments of pathos take away from Brand's gift for scathing and transgressive comedy.
A key indicator as to whether or not you will be at all interested in this movie is whether or not you liked Russell Brand playing this character in Forgetting Sarah Marshall. Otherwise it's close to great, with weird pacing.
Get yourself to see the Greek. It's raunchy, tasteless, hilarious, and surprisingly poignant (at times).
Get Him to the Greek is a worthy companion piece to the underrated 'Forgetting Sarah Marshall'
Watching a bewildered fat man try to reign in an uncontrollable party animal is pretty funny.
Those hoping for a summer celebration of wretched excess to rival The Hangover need wait no longer.
With Diddy on the scene, playing (what else?) a music exec, the movie is a very funny, often outrageously take on the music industry.
Making Aldous regret his wicked ways is a buzz-kill of major proportions.
Brand and Hill have an outrageous and hilarious blast that rocks and rolls with constant comedy.
Cheerfully profane in the manner of a dormitory bull session.
...an entertaining romp that can't quite muster up the majesty to rank with the classics of the comedic genre
This is personality comedy, and Brand and Hill have it to spare.
I don't know how many comedies I've seen over the past few years where I could count the number of laughs on my own two hands, but with Get Him to the Greek you'd need as many extremities as a centipede to keep an accurate tab.
A veering, careening joy ride of excess and heart.
A little bit of Russell Brand can go a long way, but Greek is a fine vehicle for his mock rock-god persona.
An unappealing comedy about uninteresting people in the music business.
Original buddy comedy is full of drugs, sex, rock 'n' roll.
If the film hadn't made a beeline toward the "serious movie with a message" category we could have had another Hangover or Tropic Thunder on our hands.
You see the serious stuff as just another bad joke.
Memo to self: I never want to see Jonah Hill's bare behind again. Nevertheless, this year's Judd Apatow-produced, R-rated, raunchy breakout hit is going to be "Get Him to the Greek."
With his sly send-up of the world of celebrity (e.g., cause-of-the-week pageants, avaricious relatives penning tell-all books), Stoller's take on the buddy road trip comedy is punch drunk fun.
[Has] several crazy sequences and plenty of hilarious, scattershot jokes.
One of the most surprisingly enjoyable and consistent comedies of the year.
It's the classic buddy-road trip structure. A repressed character and a raging id go on a journey and we get all kinds of bad behavior and then some lessons learned
A few too many grossout gags, but this is inspired lunacy, with P. Diddy (!) delivering one of the funniest performances of the year.
It's rare that a previously established side character, no matter how well loved, can deliver the goods in his own show. Which is probably why nobody tries it with movies. Well, nobody but the makers of Get Him to the Greek.
It's like "My Favorite Year," if Peter O'Toole had tried to smuggle a small bag of heroin through airport security by having Mark Linn-Baker hide it inside himself.
While it does contain a number of big laughs throughout, both the film and the character grow a bit tiresome after a while
We get a heaping helping of randy, dirty, outrageous humor, along with a generous sprinkling of sentimentality, but Get Him To The Greek doesn't need the sappiness.
Get Him to the Greek is filled with consistent laughs and classic comedic moments. I never thought I would see the day where I would say that Diddy is a comedic genius.
Some of the raunchy bits are amusing, but others prove that funny doesn't automatically follow from dirty.
One of the better cinematic portraits of a rock star in recent years but, unquestionably, the funniest film released so far in 2010.
Sloppily edited scenes are worsened by desperate performances and dialogue that amounts to frenzied screaming and running about.
Watching Get Him to the Greek feels like being at a party with a bunch of wasted people who think they're funnier than they are.
Although not as consistently strong as its predecessor and losing a significant amount of steam near the end as it goes touchy-feely, this pic offers plenty of laughs, most of them extremely adult and risque in nature. (Parental Review also Available)
Granted, it's only June and there is still plenty of 2010 left, but if the world were to end tomorrow, Get Him to the Greek would easily go down as the funniest movie of the year.
Get Him to the Greek, in all its raunchy glory, is the best comedy of 2010 (thus far).
Best described as a lovable train wreck.
the movie is ultimately an intense buzz-kill for anyone wishing to indulge in some vicarious lifestyle vulgarity, as it comes across as too much of a downer in shining a light on the underlying ugliness of the excessive rock-star ethos.
It has enough bursts of hilarity sprinkled throughout it to be worth seeing.
Reaches its apex with a manic party scene that unleashes the full intimidation of P. Diddy and guarantees the phrase "stroke the furry wall" a place in the comedy lexicon...
[T]hose who prefer their comedy raunchy and unsubtle will have a good time.
The madness has method, even if it's written in vomit.
You'd think Apatow's dick flicks would have gotten tired by now, but for those who like this strain of humor, Greek is another winner.
Deserves to be Jonah Hill's breakthrough, proof that he has what it takes to become a leading man, no matter how unlikely that may seem by Hollywood's standards.
An impulsive, slapstick creation, leaning on the snappy one-liner skills of the two leads, while Stoller dutifully sets the dominoes. It's broad, playfully bizarre moviegoing experience.
The best parts...are the hilarious music video parodies and the film's revelation is the comic chops of Rose Byrne as Jackie Q, Aldous's on again, off again girlfriend
So comically fertile and yet so grounded in the reality of its characters that it's really a kind of marvel.
The setup isn't especially interesting or original, but the movie gets better as it goes through its paces.
The concept is inspired, and the movie has some very funny moments. But about halfway through this long weekend, the frantic tale grows flimsy.
Moments of utter hilarity occur, but director Nicholas Stoller seems unsure which of the two is his real protagonist, and the incidents of idiocy are more isolated than escalating.
Get Him to the Greek is a second-class act with a terrific front man. Suddenly it feels safer to know that it's Brand reviving Dudley Moore's role in a remake of Arthur.
Get Him to the Greek displays the bawdy-sweet mixture that is the signature of the Judd Apatow school of screen comedy.
Get Him to the Greek has some big laughs, and it scores an endless source of points by skewering the rock-star lifestyle.
Far from innovative and even farther from subtle, but it's one of the more genuinely enjoyable products to come out of the Apatow factory.
When one of the funniest moments in the comedy you've just made is the Paul Krugman cameo, you should wrap things up quickly.
There's no buildup, no narrative arc, just one scene of comically debauched partying after another.
Nobody goes to an R-rated man-love comedy for spiritual renewal. We just want more outlandish gags. Down with the uplift; up with the suppository jokes.
Looking for a buddy comedy with wit, heart and scatological charm to spare? Get thee to this Greek.
Aside from the useless gross-out scenes, Stoller and a perfectly tuned Brand get every detail right, including the seductive egomania of celebrities and the predatory fawning of their handlers.
Stoller ... apparently has major trust issues with his odd-couple stars, women and the audience. Did I forget anybody?
Like the best Apatow films, this follow-up ties your emotions into the characters while your mind reels in convulsions of joy.
Making Brand's character the center of this project results in a flick with a split personality: half gross-out comedy and half depressing biopic of a star besieged by drugs, drink and dysfunction. It's far more sad than funny.
Much snappy dialogue keeps the far-fetched shenanigans from collapsing into stupidity, and agile performances create genuineness in the relationships. Foremost is Brand, whose wry intelligence inspires an enormously appealing presence.
The movie functions as a scabrous satire of the lives of the rich, famous, stupid, self-absorbed and marginally talented, with a barely disguised contempt for what passes for pop culture these days.
The film succeeds as a music-industry satire, a very naughty version of Almost Famous.
I wouldn't want to imagine Greek without Brand
If the movie's all too predictable in its broad outlines, it's scurrilously funny in the details, and it pushes its two leads and one of its supporting actors in entertainingly fresh directions. For early June, that's enough.
There are a lot of illegal drugs in Get Him to the Greek, and the movie itself sort of works like one. It's tempting, mood-altering and the laughs are addictive.
Screenwriter/director Nicholas Stoller can't decide what he wants to say. At times it's a music-industry spoof -- as witnessed by a series of increasingly unfunny music videos. They only undercut the more serious, somewhat heartfelt moments.
Hill, dialing back on the pissy vulgarity of his supporting roles in Knocked Up and Funny People, makes the perfect foil, as passive and impressionable as Brand is reckless and impulsive.
The first half of this road-trip comedy is a rollicking good time, but the energy flags when it takes a sudden detour into more dramatic territory.
A bold and hilarious comedy that says something astute about us, our idols and how all that sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll really isn't everything it's cracked up to be.
The film feels like a collection of sketches instead of a mad, three-day, drug-and-sex-infused whirl.
The fact that much of Greek is funny-- crassly funny, sometimes obviously funny-- saves it, and may even allow you to forgive its indulgences.
Unapologetically crude and shamelessly silly.
One wonders if there is a Jason Segel-penned version of this script in Universal's vault that was rejected for not being "wacky" enough. If so, whoops.
It's not quite infectious, but some of the high notes manage to drown out some of the guttural lows.
The film swings between performance gags (and no one can do this better than Russell Brand), well-scripted zings, random absurdity (Paul Krugman reaction shot FTW!) and some really sharp editing.
Under Apatow's direction, when boys move beyond their base desires, it's character development. Under Stoller's, it's a buzzkill.
Boundless, raunchy energy defines this intermittently funny comedy, which is well acted and unpretentious; the idea of watching a film with normal running time and without CGI effects is refreshing.
Russell Brand's "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" character gets a movie all his own. The result is, as you might imagine, too much of a good thing.
Both Brand and Hill are funny performers but neither is well-served by Stoller's slack script. The longer the film goes on, the more the seams show.
The movie's a good, rude commercial comedy. How many good movies have we even seen this year?
The reason the friendship works is that Russell Brand and Jonah Hill are good actors. Hill's character is required to be blotto half of the time, but there's the sense that he's desperately trying to do the right thing.
During his many drug-induced freakouts [Hill] looks like a fat baby laughing. That's a weirdly endearing image that even people who don't envy the rock star lifestyle can love.
A clever spin-off that allows the two actors who helped make Sarah Marshall so hilarious to flourish on their own ... certainly stands a good chance at being one of the funniest comedies this summer.
Designed to capture "The Hangover" crowd, this wild and wooly comedy sneaks up on you. While it's not The Greatest Comedy Ever Made, this one sure does offer up some pretty darn funny moments.
Get Him to the Greek turns out to be the funniest hard-R comedy since The Hangover.
It has a rambly, realistic tone, with one orgiastic mishap spilling into the next, and that tone keeps much of the action popping with surprise.
With Sarah Marshall, Stoller made audiences hungry for more Aldous Snow; after Get Him to the Greek, they'll be happy never to see the guy again.
An overdose of pop-culture and some memorable set-ups make this a very amusing commentary on the foibles of rock stardom.
Let's face it, a little of this guy goes a long way.
Greek doesn't quite know when to stop, and things aren't brought to a particularly satisfying resolution. But Brand does a nice job adding a few dramatic shadings to his character, a pleasant surprise. And Hill is outstanding.
Greek might be this year's The Hangover.
If this sounds like a remake of My Favorite Year for the new millennium, well, it is. Being a Judd Apatow production, it's also sweet-natured, despite an unrelenting onslaught of raunch.
The heavyset Hill is beginning to cultivate a likable John Candy-esque appeal; playing against the surprisingly sharp Sean Combs, as a hellacious boss, he grounds the movie in approachability as the orbiting players get crazier.
Goes for the heartstrings by way of the rectum and feels sorely uneven as a result.
Brand takes center stage as the fatuously cocksure singer, but the episodic screenplay strains to give the British comic enough juicy moments to be amusingly inappropriate.
The comic premise still works like a charm.
Get Him to the Greek is a complete blast, a much-needed breath of fresh air - well, as much fresh air as you can get in crowded clubs, packed rock shows and trashed hotel suites.
It's crude, loud, dumb fun. And, on top of that, it contains the greatest cameo ever by a winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics.
... it is curious that a movie build around a deadline as firm as this manages to feel as casually paced as this one.
Russell Brand is still the best thing here, but at least he gets to be onscreen a helluva lot more than he was in Sarah Marshall. Alas that onscreen just as often is Jonah Hill...
The Forgetting Sarah Marshall crew-and yes, that includes producer Judd Apatow-have a follow-up gig that's not to be missed.
Barring a few lapses, the gags fly by in rapid-fire fashion, and enough of them connect -- thanks in part to the amusing mix of Hill's hang-dog demeanor with Brand's lanky, relentless hedonism.
A giddy Diddy turn aside, this wildly uneven comedy doesn't travel very far.
"Get Him to the Greek" has all the earmarks of a Judd Apatow spin-off, and that's a good thing.
This wild, unrestrained roller coaster ride of vulgar, demented debauchery is - so far, as of early June - the funniest movie of the year.
B-list Apatow with moments of laugh-out-loud hilarity.
Now here's a relatively new (if not necessarily welcome) idea: the sorta-kinda-not-really sequel.
The real story here is P. Diddy, who owns this movie. At the end of the second act he explodes as a comic dynamo.





@highlight

Thanks to a suitably raunchy script and a pair of winning performances from Jonah Hill and Russell Brand, Get Him to the Greek is one of the year's funniest comedies.