The outcome is shrug-worthy rather than shocking.
There are pleasures to be found in the crotchety maternal interplay between Sarandon and Ellen Burstyn ...
Working against the sublime, hilly backdrop of Dundas, director Jason Stone keeps his pacing elegant and the atmosphere moody.
The dread barely bobs above sea level, despite efficient performances from Sarandon and the talented, underworked supporting cast.
All in all, a solid if rather daft film.
The Canadian serial-killer-hunt script is less satisfying and heavily signposted throughout, so that even Sarandon's Detective Hazel Micallef seems a bit bored by it and sends out her new deputy (Topher Grace) to do most of the legwork.
There is almost nothing about The Calling that sets it aside from a hundreds of crime thrillers that are churned out from Hollywood year in, year out.
Dark and haunting, this Canadian thriller has an offhanded style that balances a grisly mystery with real-life humour, plus characters who are easy to identify with.
The Calling isn't so much an awful film as a flat and unremarkable one ...
A parable for assisted suicide which keeps its political hand well covered.
It's all quite ridiculous but it has some creepy scenes ...
It's handsomely shot, filmed with a crisp, chilly edge and plenty of natural light. But the visual realism locks horns with a ruinously predictable - and increasingly silly - narrative.
This engaging -- but, crucially, never quite gripping -- thriller is a gloomy yet classy affair.
More character-driven than gory, The Calling is a slow-burner, but it's laced with pitch-black humour and appealing character quirks.
Too one-dimensional to be a character study, and too dull to be a thriller, The Calling is disappointing not just because of its bland, procedural tone but also because it completely wastes a truly impressive cast.
An engrossing psycho-thriller.
The Calling breathes new life into a moribund genre by touching oft-ignored themes and offering a bit of introspection to go along with the obligatory slashed throats and biblical portents.
Faith-themed crime thriller has graphic violence, language.
The Calling seems like it might be trying to be a horror flick for the Fargo set.
Considering all the clichés that pound serial killer features into submission, it's refreshing to see The Calling comfortable with a concise cap on a surprisingly absorbing story.
Almost miraculously finds a way to waste the prodigious talents of Susan Sarandon, Ellen Burstyn, and Donald Sutherland.
It comes to the screen as a clumsy tale, alas, but a strong cast that includes Oscar winner Susan Sarandon elevates matters somewhat.
What not even Sutherland can do, and which eventually makes you want to lie down on the floor just like Sarandon, is make The Calling convincing or compelling.
Basically this is the story of some major talents having to make do, once again, with a minor film. And that's a crime too, if not quite a sin.
all suspense-less smoke and minor-key mirrors
Here's a mystery: what the heck is Susan Sarandon doing north of the border in a low-budget Canadian thriller called The Calling?
It aims high and doesn't quite hit the mark. Simply put, The Calling needed to go more in depth with its ideas.
"The Calling" aims to unsettle, but when a movie primarily leaves you wanting to learn more about the jurisdictional conflicts of Canadian law, it can't properly be called a thriller.
A well-paced thriller that will have you guessing until the end, "The Calling" comes to us courtesy of first time feature director Jason Stone.
Stone ... creates a taut, enveloping atmosphere as the mystery's grim puzzle pieces unfold.
The Calling never does find its own number in this lottery of thriller cliché, but the combination it pulls from the plastic barrel feels as fun, as familiar and just as campy as a game of small-stakes bingo played in a church basement.
It's remarkable what a little care and attention can do for a familiar genre, and Jason Stone's The Calling has been made with more than a little of both.
A serial-killer saga that squanders its sturdy cast via torpid scripting and a nonstop stream of clichés.
There's one scene in this serial-killer drama that may haunt you, especially if you have a thing about corpses' mouths (shiver).
The cast is so good, they elevate and expand the movie.
A somber, supernatural meditation on ritualistic murder...
[Comes] across as the sort of standard police procedural that might serve as the pilot for a television series.
The premise of faith-based assisted suicide as a motivating factor for a madman's killing spree is initially intriguing, but quickly revealed as solemn window dressing.
Bless me father for I have slain!
Susan Sarandon delivers a splendid performance as a world-weary detective in this mysterious, suspenseful thriller.
More than 'Fargo' meets 'Se7ven' ... Sarandon's portrayal of the surly, embittered small-town police chief is so assured and nuanced, we'd welcome a Hazel Micallef mystery franchise.
[The cast's] ardent professionalism... helps tamp down the hysteria that might be expected to spring from the premise of a Catholic serial killer. Then again, this grisly murder party could have used some livening up.
Unlike the doomed man of the cloth comedic crime thriller Calvary, Susan Sarandon switches up sacraments, maniacs and mysticism here. As a felonious religious fanatic possibly in league against lapsed Catholicism, pursues homicidal redemption, don't ask.

@highlight

The Calling offers an excellent cast and a few decent thrills, but that isn't enough to overcome its lack of suspense or original ideas.