Upon further review, Jurassic World is just as awesome and nostalgic as it was when the film first graced the big screens in 2015.
Everything else, and I mean, damn near everything in Jurassic World that works to any effect has been done before. But better. And when it was original.
Romantic leads [Pratt and Dallas Howard] are...charisma-free... but that doesn't mean there aren't some worthy moments: the Indominus Rex getting straight up savage on a group of overmatched mercenaries in the jungle.
Summer moviegoers cannot live by superheroes alone, and darn if the entire time my grown-up, film critic head was saying, This is so stupid, some little-kid corner of my heart wasn't crowing, and yet so awesome.
Jurassic World is fun if you don't compare it to the original, if you look at it as a standard monster movie and if you can get through the first thirty minutes of it. If you can do that, definitely go see it.
Gray and Zach are not round characters, but necessary evils, included for the sole purpose of having someone threatened by the carnivore ... [Full review in Spanish]
A massive disappointment, Jurassic World fails to emulate its three predecessors in Spielberg's horror series.
Although this is not particularly extraordinary, it advances the story with good rhythm and clarity. [Full review in Spanish]
It's only until the final 30 minutes where things really heat up and ultimately conclude with a battle that is admittedly freaking awesome
You never find yourself thinking "Wow, great visual effects," and that's because the underlying story is so cleverly constructed and strong, particularly when it comes to pacing and the tying of the new film to the original.
We have a film that has done the unthinkable: made a gazillion dollars despite a convincing argument that it puts full blame on its own audience for what it has become.
Jurassic World is about evolution in a test tube in a lab run by a corporation for profit with military application of the "assets." What comes next is anyone's guess.
This latest sequel to Jurassic Park doesn't know what it wants to be, and therein lies the problem.
Taken entirely on its own merits, Jurassic World is big and exciting and well-paced, the tension is wisely doled out so that action and disaster never feel far away, and once the... really starts to hit the fan, the movie fully comes into its own.
Jurassic World is a visually striking thrill, packed with enough adventure to leave even the most cynical 21st century viewer in awe. Though the storyline itself brings little originality, its cheesiness is oddly endearing.
Messy nostalgia trip could bring back turtleneck sweaters.
The whole thing is an elaborate fantasy, so it seems a bit churlish to say, "that's not believable!" But even a film like this needs some internal logic.
As is the vogue among the current generation of blockbusters, it feels like the entire point here is to evoke memories of older, better movies. By those admittedly narrow standards, Jurassic World constitutes a roaring, stomping triumph.
Die-hard fans insist no new 'Jurassic' movie could ever touch the original. Oh yeah? Come again? 'Jurassic World' just completely blew the doors off 'Jurassic Park.'
For long periods, to be fair, Jurassic World is easy to watch and pretty entertaining, especially when Chris Pratt is on the screen.
Narratively continuous to the original film but slightly disregarding its two sequels, Jurassic World is a spectacular rush of furious energy, spellbinding awe and alarming terror from beginning to end.
This new one is easily the best sequel of the bunch. It's frequently exciting, happily, forgivably ludicrous if a little too pumped-up for its own good and less than memorable.
... a lot of fun, part mindless two-hour theme park ride, part self-aware sequel where supposedly smart people make a cascade of bad decisions.
So adeptly does it roll sugar rush and brain freeze into one that it might as well come served in a paper cone.
What could possibly go wrong? Luckily for viewers, everything-and almost immediately.
This is a top popcorn movie, so to speak, but just lacks the sheer magnitude in ingenuity of the original.
This fourth instalment does well to supplement the 3D spectacle with lively characters and good humour.
If its primary function is ultimately to remind all the oldies how brilliant Jurassic Park was, and simultaneously to inspire a new generation of kids to go and check it out, then that's surely a good thing.
The price you pay for delightful dinosaur carnage is, as always, dwelling in the Spielberg-patented world of regressive gender roles and worship of the white middle-class nuclear family.
The film may not match the brilliance of the original, but it definitely rekindles some of those feelings as an entertaining bright spot this summer season.
It is not much like the first one, but if you like a very well-designed and well-directed piece of dino-damaged cheese, then I think you'll have a good time. I certainly did.
As far as acting, the cast does well.
This was never going be as good as Spielberg's masterpiece and, surprise, surprise, it isn't. It's simply a solid summer blockbuster and the second best of the series.
Jurassic World is intensely conscious of its Spielbergian forebear, doffing its cap in multiple nods and winks.
[Director Trevorrow's] vision for Jurassic World is enchanting, gratifying, and sure-handed in a way that's uncannily like Spielberg's early period.
In short, this film could have used a Rise of the Planet of the Apes treatment.
It works as an entertaining lightweight thriller especially engineered for the theme park crowd.
Some things change. Others evolve. And some things are cooked up in a lab as genetically modified sequels to something original.
'Jurassic World' is a film that critiques its own mission. It is aware that moviegoers, awash in blockbusters and computer-generated movie 'magic,' are increasingly hard to awe.
The least awful sequel.
Jurassic World is a massive disappointment with a multitude of flaws, from the retreaded story and endless, monotonous action sequences, to the flat, lifeless characters and the uninspired CGI dinosaurs.
It's a retread of Jurassic Park with extra corn and less suspense.
Events move at a fast clip, the paleontology talk is kept to a minimum, the computer-generated effects are beautifully realised, and the characters perform their parts with the required efficiency.
Jurassic World is the reason summer movies exist.
Overall, this is an enormously entertaining thriller that will delight both newcomers and die-hard fans of the first film alike.
The fourth installment in the Jurassic series is spectacular summer entertainment, a sort of Cecil B. DeMille on speed.
Here's the deal: The dinosaurs still take our breath away but the film does not.
Crichton's cautious, forward-looking book had Frankenstein underpinnings: Don't mess with Mother Nature, or the past. The curators of the park do both, the filmmakers do the latter.
Jurassic World is a surprisingly thrilling blockbuster experience that should leave fans roaring with approval.
Se há alguém que sai como o grande destaque de Jurassic World, este é seu diretor.
When it's focused on chases, scrapes, escapes, and all-out dino-frenzy ACTION, there's a good deal of fun to be had.
Trevorrow never quite finds the moments that made the first film so transcendent.
Oh boy is 11-year-old me equal parts pleased and relieved that 33-year-old me can report that Colin Trevorrow's entry into the series is a hoot.
After two miserable sequels, the world had no reason to expect anything good from another Jurassic Park movie...yet, in spite of every ill omen, Jurassic World turns out to be the most enjoyable blockbuster in recent memory.
It's a fun summer ride, but it won't keep you coming back over and over.
Definitely worth the price of admission.
When the script isn't simply recreating famous scenes from the original with less engaging characters who speak a lot and yet say so very little, it's blindly ignoring plot holes and conjuring up half-baked ideas...
Credibility issues aside, Jurassic World is worth seeing for the pure spectacle.
See the movie for its reptilian stars but try to ignore the humans. The retro gender politics employed are disappointing.
Dinosaurs escape, people get eaten. Same old story but with bigger dinosaurs; fun but fleeting.
The best of the Jurassic Park sequels by a hair...
This isn't an annoyingly self-reflexive shredding of its forefather. It's very much its own smart, sleek endeavor with momentum, confidence ... and minor drawbacks. In all, it's pulpy summer fun with more on its mind than first glance may reveal.
Jurassic World functions precisely the same way as a theme park does, gliding the spectator through a series of calibrated set pieces.
The characters are all paper-thin, but that doesn't matter because their sole purpose is to get chomped.
With studios afraid of anything new or original, it's not surprising that the dinosaurs are back on-screen nearly 15 years after the rather disappointing Jurassic Park III.
re-used dinosaurs and re-used plot. But most of us can always enjoy watching the dinosaurs.
The darn thing is truly scary as hell.
It's certainly exciting and entertaining, but there is now splendor or awe-inspiring inventiveness.
A pitch against genetic modification of animals, ancient or otherwise? An indictment of corporate greed at any cost to others? To the extent it's seen that way, the purposes of entertainment override the "messages."
It's a little stupid and a lot of fun. It's also a big success so that means we will be getting more movies with crazy dinosaurs in them. Hooray!!!
The best sequel yet to the 1993 Jurassic Park... It is not, however, particularly good or interesting on its own merits.
Dim writing [with] stock characters.
Not the most stimulating S'berg project.
A respectable Rex - unembarassingly nostalgic and freshly inspired.
Jurassic World combines enough nostalgia, technical wizardry and nonsensically thrilling moments to make fans of the original feel like kids again.
A great popcorn movie, much better than the forgettable third entry on the series. [full review in Spanish]
Jurassic World offers one-dimensional characters, misused actors, nonsensical motivations, retrograde gender politics, insipid pseudo-science and a whole lot of fun.
Flashes of Harrison Ford's rakish charm aside, Pratt often presents himself like a toy action figure with fewer hinged joints and one expression, stiffly posed with heavy artillery.
Sadly, Jurassic World's magnificent dinosaurs just aren't enough to overcome the logic failings of a surprisingly recycled plot.
Its as Hollywood as it comes, when Hollywood's having a good day.
The reigning king of special effects lacks the clever acting of the original, but triples the action in 3-D IMAX.
Better written, better directed and better acted than any film about rampaging dinosaurs has any right to be.
Jurassic World just proves people still love them some dinos and what's not to love? The dinosaurs are better than ever...
So basically, Jurassic World is a big-budget indictment of corporate greed, jammed with product placement for Samsung and Mercedes-Benz and Beats by Dre and Coca-Cola.
There's a problem when the most complex character in a film is the dinosaur
not so much another bloated sequel as it is the fruition of dreams deferred in the previous films. Too bad the genre dictates that those dreams are once again destined for disaster.
A perfectly fine movie and entertaining enough to keep you watching until the closing credits.
This fourth installment of the Jurassic Park film series shows some wear and tear, but there is still some gas left in the tank. Time is spent to set up the next film in the series. They will keep making more of these until we stop watching.
An angry movie with a tragic moral ... meta-adoration and criticism ends with a genetically modified dinosaur fighting off waves of dinosaurs.
"Jurassic World," like its predecessors, fills up the screen with roaring, slathering, earth-shaking dinosaurs, then fills in mere humans around the edges. It's a formula that works as well in 2015 as it did in 1993.
Pratt is shaping up as the go-to-guy when Hollywood needs someone equally handy with a quip, a firearm and a vintage motorcycle... Howard's [is] an even more impressive feat given that she has to sprint away from a rapacious dinosaur in high heels.
Not quite a Spielberg-quality blockbuster, but it'll do.
There is plenty here to divert, but little to leave you enraptored. Such is the fate of the sequel: Bigger. Louder. Fewer teeth.
It combines first class effects, a genetically engineered deadly dinosaur, outstanding action, well defined characters and a screenplay that refreshes themes of corporate greed and playing God.
While the 3D beasts are undeniably impressive, their human counterparts remain resolutely two-dimensional thanks to a script that mistakes tone-deaf jumps and starts for emotional arcs.
The plotting and characterization is about an inch deep, but it does raise some interesting points along the way to its mega-dinosaur smackdown finale.
"Jurassic World" doesn't buck blockbuster trends. Rather, it cleverly plays into them. More than a visual feast to marvel at, its new Indominus villain leaves us with a human lesson to heed: there's a price to pay for overmeddling with nature.
Dino-mite special effects take this sequel to new heights. Returning to the spirit of the original and ignoring the previous two editions, Jurassic World is just pure people-chomping fun.
Generic summer popcorn fare that entertains, but offers no surprises.
The new movie trades on the memory of the old with great efficiency, going so far as to recreate that sense of emptiness and anti-climax felt by Spielberg fans when the original was over.
If you limit your expectations for Jurassic World to "more teeth," it will deliver on that promise. If you dare to hope for anything more-relatable characters, narrative coherence-you'll only set yourself up for disappointment.
... feels like the first three installments mashed into one ... That sense of wonder (aka 'wow factor') that distinguished the original has been replaced by gigantism and 'Godzilla'-like mayhem.
Commentary on how audiences always want "bigger" over "better" is not enough. It's window dressing. You still have little kids in danger of being eaten by dinosaurs run amok and a guy who thinks he's the Dinosaur Whisperer.
By the time the story hits some unlikely Kumbaya notes, we fully expect Barney (of purple reign fame) to appear on the scene and lead humans and dinosaurs alike in a campfire sing-along.
Underdeveloped characters and a meandering middle act culminates into the ending we want to see...and that doesn't disappoint.
A brisk, bright summer rollercoaster ride and fine popcorn muncher.
A reinvigorated thrill ride...filled with marauding digital dinosaurs and swooping pterodactyls.
Shallow, overlong, unimaginative and lackluster. It's yet another disappointing Hollywood blockbuster.
I'd call it the best of the Jurassic films after the original, and considering that they're virtually interchangeable, that distinctiveness takes some doing.
A real thrill ride in the tradition of the series. It's not going to win any writing awards, but for big summer popcorn spectacle, this film is exactly what it needs to be.
Unlike too many blockbusters at the minute, Jurassic World does - amidst all the action and fury - boast the kind of old-school story-telling that allows you to buy in to the party.
It's a letdown in a number of respects, but as a diehard fan of the original, it's tough not to have some fun returning to Isla Nublar and seeing visitors enjoy the attractions as John Hammond intended.
Jurassic World is the only honest effort to revive the franchise with the dignity it deserves. [full review in Spanish]
It's faithful to the original and thank God - and Spielberg - this is not Transformers. [full review Spanish]
... yields its share of excitement, although rather than take the concept in a new direction, this sequel seems to be living in the past.
This franchise is, itself, very much like the dangerous dinosaur park depicted. It has investors who need to see a good return. It has to sell, and sell well, globally. Nothing can be left to chance. Therefore, nothing is.
Owen and his raptor pack risk tipping into silliness, but overall the dinos are more terrifying than ever.
Here's the thing: You can wrestle those Big Questions, if you want. Me? I mostly just wanted to see how awesome dinosaurs would look with today's CGI. And people running for their lives.
A very respectful sequel to Spielberg's original that offers constant entertainment but never really wows the audience. [full review in Spanish]
We have no interesting heroes to root for, no real theme, and a dumb premise. Oddly, the characters we're meant to feel the most sympathy for are the dinosaurs themselves.
The Avengers, Mad Max and Tom Cruise suddenly have some jurassic-sized competition for the most fun ride at the movies this summer...thanks Dr. Hammond!
It can't be the amazing revelation the first film was, but "Jurassic World" is a great amusement park ride...and the best sequel to it's predecessor we've had.
Jurassic World is a big, shiny, and entertaining roller coaster ride, though the 'World' is more interesting than the people.
Jurassic World fills the 3D screen with summer-movie thrills and fun.
The nice way to put it is to say it's the second best film of the franchise. It's also accurate to say that it's a pale imitation of the original that's worse on every level.
Trevorrow is having fun taking as little of this as seriously as he needs to.
Jurassic World simply shrugs its massive shoulders at trying to be anything but a nostalgia-pandering, still-occasionally-fun product that will be appearing on T-shirts at Universal Studios this summer.
It's a fun film for kids, young adults as well as grownups that actually grew up wide-eyed at the prospect of a gigantic safari with the dinosaurs.
It's a thrilling summer blockbuster and should be a roaring success at the box office to boot.
Nothing will ever top the original, of course, but this sequel is certainly leagues better than the others.
The underlying theme of man's hubristic drive to control-and commercialize-nature's primal power never gets in the way of its full-throttle fun and its cavalcade of chills, thrills and stupendous state-of-the-art effects.
Lacks the bite and the fright of the original
This is a tremendously exhilarating adventure, certain to be a huge box office hit and a worthy addition to what I suppose must be called the Jurassic Park franchise - although the film itself bluntly satirises horrible marketing speak.
The Very Definition of a Summer Movie.
You don't go to the fourth Jurassic Park movie for up-to-date gender politics. You go for the crunchy dino-on-human action, and Jurassic World provides plenty of that.
The narrative is plot driven from the point "go" and aimed clearly at getting us quickly to the scares and the jumps, regardless whether anything in between makes sense.
Reboot is fun, but scarier, more violent than the original.
In this era of the dumb, lumbering summer blockbuster, Jurassic World is anything but a dinosaur.
It's an efficient, diverting entertainment delivery system, a gigantic theme park disguised as a movie.
Interminable Rex is more like it. A more expensive SHARKNADO.
It has some simple ambition, being a broad criticism of corporate financial interest making really gross crunching noises as it takes advantage of the little people.
God destroys dinosaurs. God creates man. Man destroys God. Man creates dinosaurs. Dinosaurs eat man. Man creates dinosaurs again. God herniates himself laughing.
All of the digital expertise that has been lavished on this picture is subverted by its script, which is thuddingly analog.
The characters are secondary to the CGI dinosaurs, which is the root of Jurassic's problem. But if you enjoyed the CGI'ed wasteland of Godzilla and Planet of the Apes, Jurassic World will not disappoint.
Faster and louder than the original but lacking in the character development and wit. If you enjoy a dinosaur making a meal out of men in 3D ad infinitum ad nauseam, be my guest.
Moments of complete disbelief, moments where we believe in the impossible, moments when the girl rescues the guy: these are the moments where Jurassic World soars...
"Jurassic World" is the sequel that "Jurassic Park" fans have been waiting two decades for.
Jurassic World is precisely what every Jurassic Park fan would hope it might be. It delivers fair and square.
At its best, it's good enough to take your mind off its worst, which is saying a lot.
Just showing us dinosaurs isn't enough anymore, which is why Jurassic World is very entertaining, but not amazing.
When its focus is on dino-centric destruction, Jurassic World is wonderful. When it doesn't, it's a dump -- an expositional dump, to be precise.
Fellow enthusiasts, prepare for a towering T-rex, calculating raptors, and much more. 'Jurassic World' is just what the pterodactyl ordered.
Some might call it 'meta' but to me it just feels sour. Turns out self-loathing is not an attractive quality in a blockbuster entertainment.
I jumped out of my seat numerous times in this ripper of a 3D rollercoaster ride; it pushes the boundaries, is stimulating, terrifying and great fun
It's been, well, ages since we've seen dinosaurs like this.
At times "Jurassic World" is simple, dumb and predictable. Overall, though, it is a rousing, entertaining and well-paced excursion that, at times, will have you giggling or cheering.
Bigger, faster, louder ... (but) the marvel and wonder of Jurassic Park can never be matched.
Even though this film has two attractive stars, Bryce Dallas Howard and Chris Pratt, it's about the dinosaurs. Nobody's ever going to see a real dinosaur but these look more like the real thing than, well, the real thing. This movie is a treat!
Pratt proved in "Guardians" that he could handle hunky leading man roles, and his combination of physicality, charisma and attitude prove hard to resist one more time.
I'm not sure what specific qualities "Jurassic World" could be said to possess, beyond a vague sense of its own importance that ... comes across in the finished product as preening self-congratulation.
"Jurassic World" is a blockbuster in every sense of the word, having little interest in being anything more than a Tyrannosaurus-sized spectacle.
We're treated to a bit of escapist fun that gives us pretty much what we want from a silly summer blockbuster.
The park is bigger. The genetically modified dinosaurs are bigger. And the inevitable blockbuster's problems and disappointments are bigger, too.
[Director Colin Trevorrow delivers] some pretty effective action set pieces. He is less successful on the front of human interaction.
Jurassic World is a movie that goes against the natural balance of the universe, but with the spirit of an eight year old boy: dinosaurs are cool, humans drool.
Jurassic World is fun. Just take a deep breath and lower your expectations.
"We want to be thrilled," says a visitor at the start of the film. Hear, hear.
The effects are superb, the action is supersized and ultimately, if there is just one word that can describe this movie, that word would be 'awesome'.
Jurassic World is ersatz Spielberg. It's a knock-off that, even with the brand tag of the filmmaking titan as executive producer, makes the credit feel faux.
I enjoyed Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull to exactly the same degree I enjoyed Jurassic World.
In terms of its thrills and graphic design, it still looks like a low-to-mid-range Spielberg effort.
It is to the credit of the reboot and its director Colin Trevorrow that while watching you compare it to the first Jurassic Park, and not its less-than-watchable sequels.
Jurassic World never breaks out of its own confines of homage and imitation. The movie ends up as an awkward, ungainly hybrid: large, but inconsequential.
Nothing said here will have the slightest bearing on its performance at the box office. All the same, something should be said about the film's cheesiness -- it doesn't even look good, though it sounds grand -- and the shoddiness of its workmanship.
This film knows it's silly, and that awareness also means the film is keenly aware of what we want to see happen in a theme park filled with real, living dinosaurs.
I am the prime demographic for this movie, and I found it only sort of inoffensively blah. Chris Pratt: He's no Jeff Goldblum.
It took 22 years, and it took three tries, but Hollywood has finally hatched a worthy sequel to Steven Spielberg's groundbreaking and spine-tingling Jurassic Park.
Jurassic World ... hits all the expected beats of heroism, action and dinosaur dining. The tourists are delicious, and there are so many more to snack on this time!
World is a monster step up from the two disappointing previous sequels, but is sorely missing the heart and inherent wonder of the classic first film.
"Jurrassic World" still delivers big, dumb cheap summer thrills. But extinction may be the kindest thing that can happen to this franchise.
Jurassic World presents in perfect harmony the blockbuster feeling and subtext about shock value in a monster of a movie that delivers. [full review in Spanish]
A top quality family oriented blockbuster that wants to bring back 'dinomania' to life... and the franchise as well. [full review in Spanish]
Jurassic World is an incredibly entertaining film with detailed visual effects that preserves the essence of what made Spielberg's [film] 1993 so great. [full review in Spanish]
A nostalgic and respectful movie brought into fashion with the latest trends. [full review in Spanish]
The director somehow managed to preserve some of the DNA from the previous movies... it won't disappoint you. [full review in Spanish]
Colin Trevorrow brings an exciting new story to the franchise that helps us forget the bad movies in between. [full review in Spanish]
If Jurassic World remains willfully dopey, at least it knows how to have a good time; it's harebrained but never boring, and unlike the last two sequels, it has a proper if overstated reverence for Steven Spielberg's original classic.
Director Colin Trevorrow dumps out his Steven Spielberg Family Thriller Kit and makes sure all the pieces are there...but he doesn't seem to have read the assembly instructions, because the result simply doesn't fit together or perform as advertised.
It's all in good fun, and critic-proof to boot, but Jurassic World doesn't even come close to that most intimate and dearly coveted "Gosh, wow" sense-of-wonder that the original film mustered so easily. Roar more, bite less.
We don't experience awe, the film says, because we're jaded and distracted, but then the film fails to give us a single awe-filled moment.
Jurassic World is taut and terrifying, and for the uninitiated to these films, it just might rock your world.
Fittingly, it's a theme park ride itself: bumpy, and at times worryingly poorly maintained, but you'll laugh and scream.
Jurassic World is so seamless and spot-on that it's difficult to fathom why it has taken Steven Spielberg and backing studio, Universal, so long to come up with a continuation of one of their biggest franchises.
I hadn't seen anything this amazing since the flying monkey invasion of '39.
While the audience may be more than ready to swallow the premise of a predator park run by greedy technocrats fueled by hubris, they deserve more than this collection of scaly stunts.
For a generation not familiar with the original "Jurassic Park", they will revel in the pure fantasy of this film. It's a crowd pleaser, even for those who have become nonplussed by such magic.
With its capable cast, Spielberg's hand-picked director Colin Trevorrow, and marvelous special effects, "Jurassic World" may be the best of the lot.
Even without world-class smarts or amusing mutations, the next generation of "Jurassic" is an enjoyable ride.
This is as good as Jurassic cinema gets. Until it gets better next time.
If the action is a throwback to cheesy late-night creature features, complete with a Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla climax, the "relationships" provide a reactionary response to contemporary women "leaning in."
Yet, for those who remember both the sheer terror and humor of Steven Spielberg's original Jurassic Park, Jurassic World -- much like the dinosaurs these scientists create -- proves once again that some things are best left alone.
Whether or not there was any real demand for another "Jurassic Park" movie, "Jurassic World" proves that it's still tons of fun to run with dinosaurs.
It may not equal the humor and inventiveness of the original film, but death has never been so much fun.
If your only reason for watching this film is to see CGI dinosaurs eat people, then you'll get your money's worth. The characters offer their innards like hors d'oeuvres.
Jurassic World has enough scares, scale, ideas and variety to keep every generation on the edge of their seats. It's good ol' family entertainment - just with much bigger teeth.
Like a reunion tour; enough fleeting pleasure in call-backs to the original material to make it a diverting experience, but too little new content of worth.
Even more than its intensely likeable central performances and convincingly solid visual effects, it's ... supple self-reflexiveness that makes Colin Trevorrow's film a worthy sequel to Spielberg's industry-changing original.
a movie that both parodies and debunks its own reason for existence.
"Jurassic World" walks a fine line between reminding us of the things that were so awesome about the first "Jurassic" and imitating those things.
While it isn't going to end up on many 2015 Top 10 lists, this is a standard fun, check your brain at the door kind of summer blockbuster.
Compared to Steven Spielberg's much-loved original, this fourth instalment in the franchise is a cruel joke.
Pratt more than delivers. You could almost say he manages to stand in for Sam Neill, Jeff Goldblum AND Laura Dern. He's got Neill's toughness, Goldblum's humor and Dern's down-to-earthness.
Jurassic World bites off more than it can chew but has enough meat to chomp on for a roaring good time.
...this film plays like a talented cover band's version of your favorite song.
Tries hard, incredibly hard...but it fails, not because it's lacking in craftsmanship, but because it's devoid of the inspiration that might have made it distinctive rather than a by-the-numbers retread.
There's something deeply wrong with a film that expects you to shed tears over digitally created prehistoric creatures and rubber brontosaurus heads instead of rooting for, you know, people.
If you simply want to watch a few hundred million dollars thrown up onto the screen to showcase another round of dinosaur mayhem, you'll probably walk away satisfied. (Full Content Review - Scary Stuff, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
While not exceptional, Jurassic World satisfies as a fun summer blockbuster that will get audiences excited to see dinosaurs on the big screen again.
Trevarrow has the right idea here, focusing on a greatest hits package of dino might, restoring pure cinematic adventure while establishing a starting point for new dramatic possibilities.
I've seen "Jurassic Park." I like "Jurassic Park." And you, "Jurassic World," you are no "Jurassic Park."
A lot of people get chased by a lot of dinosaurs, and it is exciting and cool and a lot of fun.
"Jurassic World" is a roadworthy retread, a summer blockbuster that has more than its share of absurdities and bald patches but gets by anyway because dinosaurs.
Tune out the screenplay, enjoy the silly chase scenes and swooping camera work, and wonder if this franchise has finally reached its end.
There's more flab than muscle packed on this galumphing franchise reboot, which, as it lumbers from scene to scene, reminds you of what a great action god Steven Spielberg is. Too bad he didn't take the reins on this.
Just another overstuffed, CGI-filled blockbuster about people running and yelling.
A very self-aware blockbuster that uses its core values for a greater good, which is to deliver a lightweight story in the skin of a very skillful science fiction creature feature.
The folly of man is on full display in Jurassic World. Unfortunately, it's happening both in front of the camera and behind it.
The satirical, monstrous edge, far outweighs the surface stupidity
Not the summer game-changer some were expecting but still a good, solid blockbuster.
A spectacular feat of cinematic engineering.
As has been previously observed, every action movie today ends up as "Transformers" and, even when it's cloned creatures fighting, the same is true here (with an antic dash of "Sharknado" tossed in for good measure).
Films like Jurassic World are not just the reason why we go to the movies, they're the reason movies stay with us after we leave.
There isn't anything original here, but it's all executed with energy and skill. As always, the underlying message is that nature, like Hollywood formulas, should not be tampered with.
Jurassic World, a goofy and fitfully entertaining summer movie, understands and even winks at its place in the pecking order of blockbuster sequels.
If you've seen the three preceding Michael Crichton-inspired Jurassic adventures, you've pretty much seen this one already, with so many added scenes of gnashing jowls trying to eat screaming victims that they become mildly repetitious.
Director Colin Trevorrow shows a steady hand at building up the tension and then releasing it with great force.
Jurassic World is very entertaining and the special effects are top notch. [full review Spanish]
A blockbuster made to stand out among the over exploited genre of blockbusters. [full review in Spanish]
Humongously enjoyable and gloriously predictable.
An inessential sequel that's viscerally, if not emotionally or intellectually, stimulating.
This is the best of the Jurassic Park sequels and does a better job than episodes #2 and #3 in recreating the "feel" of the original.
...the mercenary natures of the picture and the park are largely indistinguishable.
Almost exactly the same story as "Jurassic Park," only "Terminator" violent and "Godzilla" dumb...a serviceable summer popcorn picture, in other words.
As much as I'd love for a movie called Jurassic Five, this saga isn't evolving, and probably should stop trying.
The grandeur and the excitement level are not quite high enough to overcome all the junk that surrounds it.
At its most fun even somewhat comes somewhat close to almost recreating the semi-campy thrills of Spielberg's two originals.
Motorcycle, Chris Pratt, sprinting dinosaurs: If you require more than that out of a movie, you're being unreasonable.
The action is savage and seemingly unending. There are many "did you see THAT?" moments that will keep you talking afterwards and perhaps bring you back for a second viewing.
Though nothing matches the dread and suspense of the T. rex's first appearance in "Jurassic Park," the dinosaur action here is fantastic
Not even uber-likable Chris Pratt can dispel the pall of been-there-done-that.
The team of four writers supplies one surprise, and you'll wait 90 minutes to see it. Before and afterward, stereotypical genre characters get trotted out.
Look, let's not kid ourselves. Every third person on the planet will go to see this movie, and they will find exactly what they seek, nothing more but certainly nothing less. It's that nothing more part that ultimately disappoints.
"Jurassic World" is pure, dumb, wall-to-wall fun. When they hand you your 3-D glasses, you can check your brain at the door and pick it up on your way out.
Don't sweat it if you're running a little late for the screening you bought tickets for. Not much happens in this chapter's first hour or so. And then all hell breaks loose, delivering exactly what you bought those tickets to see.
The effects haven't really improved that much since Jurassic Park, but everyone involved has clearly had fun dreaming of new ways for dinosaurs to terrify humans.
It has the spirit of the original movie, but doesn't simply rehash the past. It's a different beast -- a self-aware blockbuster which has plenty of heart, humour, and excitement to make it a thrilling summer attraction.
The spectacle is big, it's the imagination that got small.
What ultimately makes "Jurassic World" so satisfying is that it doesn't buy into the grandeur of the human spirit, not one bit.
The CGI and effects are spectacular... Unfortunately, the film knows this, and relies too heavily on stunning special effects at the expense of script and characterisation.
Even seen in 3-D on the very biggest IMAX screen imaginable, Jurassic World is a glorified B-movie at heart, one that has its tongue firmly in its cheek.
I love Jurassic World as both an allegory and a sequel.
It's fun to watch for the monster-movie homages sprinkled throughout.
What the film lacks in originality it makes up with thrilling action.
The most notorious theme park in movie history reopens in thrilling, terrific style. Enjoy the ride.
The picture is sleek and impressive, although, as with its predecessors, how much you enjoy it will depend on your tolerance for watching dinosaurs chomp down on terrified humans.
Captures the magic of Jurassic Park while employing a whole new bag of tricks to stand firmly on its own.
...predictability stunts the narrative from becoming anything that would inspire Spielberg-esque awe.
The finale is even more visually stunning and comes with a neat twist you probably won't see coming.
Just try not to jump out of your seat each time a leaping lizard darts into the camera frame.
[A] monster of a good time that returns the franchise to greatness, delivering great scares & non-stop action sure to please fans & newcomers... the Jurassic sequel we've been waiting for.
It's not the cynical, cash-in cheesefest you feared. OK, Jurassic World is a little of that. But this state-of-the-art dino epic is also a blast of rumbling, roaring, "did you effing see that!" fun.
...from now on, if you ask me, I will annoyingly insist that there is only one Jurassic Park sequel, and this is it.
Looking for a film that fulfills its every promise to dazzle, engross and legitimately excite? Then search no further. "Jurassic World" is the summer movie event of 2015, and it's a knockout.
If you can accept that not every part of Jurassic World is worth celebrating, and that some of it is downright backward, you might still have a good time.
Thanks to [a] rousing third act, good performances, and a few fine moments of suspense, Jurassic World succeeds as an enjoyable piece of popcorn entertainment.
Jurassic World, the latest incarnation of the franchise, is lacking the deft sense of wonderment, wit and suspense that guided the original.
Jurassic World is not like having your eye poked out with a stick. It is loaded to the gills with Stuff. But the summer analogy is San Andreas, not Max Max: Fury Road.
A smart, vivid action movie that understands the pitfalls and pleasures of the prehistoric fantasy.
The fourth 'Jurassic Park' film excels at credible world building and this lays a rock solid foundation for the much-needed suspension of disbelief.
If Jurassic Park was a bright, clean, gleaming state-of-the-art attraction, this latest iteration feels shabby and unexciting, with a definite feeling that the carnies are dealing meth behind the haunted house.
Jurassic World is a roaring return to form full of laughs, scares and inventiveness that almost (but not quite) matches the achievement of the original.
It's possible to filter out the irritating aspects and enjoy the movie as a raucous, often brilliantly assembled spectacle. But we shouldn't have to.
Jurassic World would have benefited from being just a little less clever, because when it comes to crafting action sequences director Colin Trevorrow is impeccable.
Bailed out by a few good jolts, "Jurassic World" gets by, barely, as a marauding-dinosaurs narrative designed for a more jaded audience than the one "Jurassic Park" conquered back in 1993.
I can understand anyone who nitpicks Jurassic World -- Who does keep insuring this place? -- but I can't join in with them: Jurassic World is a hell of a ride, and maybe the most boldly knowing meta-fun summer sequel since Terminator 2.
An effort so beholden to the iconic bits of the original that it never breaks free to become its own film. It is unfair to saddle Trevorrow with the historical gravitas that this was to be his Jaws. Instead it turns out to be his Jaws II.
The culture has had just enough time to miss this franchise, and director and co-screenwriter Colin Trevorrow...has met the challenges with an appealing self-awareness.
Hits all the expected buttons without taking off like the original did.
Jurassic World is not some brash upstart, tromping all over its ancestors with a witless, youthful swagger. Instead it's a carefully, amusingly reverent nod to what's come before it.
Amazingly, the film's hook seems to be nothing more engaging than a bigger, fiercer, genetically modified Tyrannosaurus rex.
For much of its running time, "Jurassic World" plays like a great theme park ride. In an age of blockbusters that lumber like herbivores, it's refreshing to see a movie as lean and mean as a velociraptor.
There is literally a scene in which the velociraptor nudges his head to a human pretty much saying, "I got this." Not sure if I wanted to laugh or cry.
It's hard to believe that a movie about genetically altered super-dinosaurs could be boring.
Fun, thrilling & appropriately horrific in the right places, Jurassic World is a ginormous addition to the monster movie cannon.
Jurassic World has more heart than both previous sequels spliced together, and while some subplot material doesn't stick, at least there's no gymnast daughters this time around to distract from the heavy-hitting dino action.
While the new Jurassic World pales next to the awe-inspiring spectacle of the original, it's easily the franchise's most thrilling sequel yet.
All these dinosaurs are female, which incidentally puts Jurassic World in the clear as far as the Bechdel test is concerned.
People show up on an island to see dinosaurs; people get eaten by dinosaurs. There are only so many scenarios that can be created to make sure this happens.
A movie like Jurassic World must pass one basic test: Stay diverting, if not spectacularly entertaining, even through the most ridiculous scenarios. Mission accomplished.
Despite a disproportionate amount of subplots, and some weak characterizations, Jurassic World is still considerably better than its predecessor, and features lively performances from Pratt and Howard.
It's fun enough while it lasts, but somehow, finally, all too much and not enough.
Jurassic World is a fiendishly crafted blockbuster: old-fashioned thrills, heroism and romance, locked inside a smart, self-aware shell.
The old-fashioned Saturday matinee-like pleasures stemming from resourceful derring-do in the face of mighty odds retain an appeal if done reasonably well, which is the case here.
Along with the repurposed plot comes a sort of retro, kind of comforting '80s feel, with -- until a final, hyper-edited battle sequence -- a seeming willingness to allow the scenes some room to breathe.
It would be a difficult task for any up-and-coming director to match Spielberg's visual panache, but Trevorrow fails to capture the power or wonder of these rampaging dinos.
The moral of Jurassic World is don't make Jurassic World. Obviously the filmmakers did not heed their own advice.
Fantastic fun and (dare I say it?) as good as the original movie.
Jurassic World is as much of a jumbled hybrid as its own featured dinosaur. It's an action-adventure blockbuster that feels very of its time: overstated, overstocked, overblown, and overdone.
One of the best Blockbusters in years!
Jurassic World can't tell whether it wants to be junk food or not, lovingly poking fun at some Hollywood tropes while shamelessly indulging others.
No spoilers here, but the finale delivers one of the most satisfying, punch-the-air-brilliant blockbuster pay-offs in recent memory.
Jurassic World accomplishes the task of being something of an original adventure within the confines of being a sequel.
Another theme park, another bunch of knuckleheaded scientists cloned from the same strand of foresight-impaired DNA. Jurassic World has absolutely no reason for being (except for the obvious one), but at least it chomps your time painlessly.
Even with its flaws, Jurassic World works, thanks to director Colin Trevorrow's great sense of pacing and flair for drama that transcends the idea of beasts chasing humans.

@highlight

Jurassic World can't match the original for sheer inventiveness and impact, but it works in its own right as an entertaining -- and visually dazzling -- popcorn thriller.