Prisoner of Azkaban baffled me and completely floored me...it shows that Harry Potter ages with people.
Cuarón's Prisoner of Azkaban, while a touch less faithful to the details of Rowling's oeuvre, captures far better its mood, the constant sense of wondrous discovery and lurking danger.
This Potter is terse, swift, sad -- and welcome.
demonstrates how wishy-washy Columbus was in many of his decisions
Cuarón brought to the Potter franchise a quality curiously missing from the two previous films: magic.
OK, so the narrative may be a tad shaky, but what lends Azkaban its edge is the unabashedly creepy tone that Cuaron conjures.
Turning 13 suits our intrepid Hogwarts students just fine in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It's the most moving and inventive live action children's film in years (and therefore, just as magical for adults, if not more).
You could call this one Harry Potter Grows Up. At the very least, the transition from Chris Columbus to Alfonso Cuaron has helped propel J.K. Rowling's hero from childhood into the difficult teen years.
It's arguably the most fun Harry Potter film to watch: inventive, quick-moving, playful, beautiful.
What makes Prisoner of Azkaban so successful is that, like the earlier films in the franchise, it actually adapts the book from which it takes its name.
Prisoner of Azkaban lacks the depth that those of us old enough to drive may have enjoyed in the earlier Potter installments.
The right word for Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is wondersful -- as in full of wonders, great and small.
Cuaron delivers a genuinely spooky and emotionally involving adventure which gives the world of Potter much-needed character and atmosphere.
Alfonso Cuarón brings a darker, edgier, scarier feel to this installment.
Given arguably the best book of the series to work from, new director Alfonso Cuarón has turned out the best film to date, too.
For the first time, the non-converted may actually see what all the fuss is about.
This is easily the best Harry Potter film yet, though a few qualifiers need to be added to that endorsement.
Just like the books that the films are based on, this franchise gets better with each installment.
The best of the franchise so far...
Fantastic, but kids are older, themes are darker.
Cuarón filigrees his film with brilliantly outsized projections of Harry's fears and underlying realities. [Blu-ray]
Potter's third year is his most inventive yet.
Like the first two movies, this is loaded with computer-generated imagery, but for the first time there's a sense of dramatic proportion balancing the spectacle and the story line.
Ultimately the success of the film lies in the characters, and the emotions that they trigger in us.
Regardless of its cinematic shortcomings, the Harry Potter film series still has a ton of life in it.
Rather than a brand new sense of adventure, there's a sense in this sequel of a rerun, a tendency that even Harry's extreme magic can't seem to overcome.
A menagerie of menacing and morphing computer-generated special effects make the movie worthwhile.
Cuarón has produced the most terrifying and darkly humorous movie adaptation of Rowling's stories to date, giving it a visual flair sorely missing in the previous installments.
[Director] Cuarón's imagery delights again and again
Compared to its predecessors, this is a more wintry, thoughtful and rewarding movie.
What we're treated to is less a story than a series of vignettes.
Two and a half hours of neck-cramping semi-entertainment.
The childlike whimsy of the previous Potters is dead, replaced by an encroaching loss of innocence and a foreboding sense of darkness. A new punch of life for the series.
Consistently glorious to the eye.
This is a luminous movie -- luminous, imaginative and affecting. For Harry Potter, at least, the third time is the charm.
Growing up is hard enough for us Muggles; it certainly can't be any easier for wizards and witches. This is the first Potter movie that examines this.
Despite generic constraints and audience expectations, Cuaron has succeeded in making a personal film
Visually marvelous.
One of the best films so far this year and a big step up from two previous solid efforts.
Cuaron has imbued a touch of the night into Harry and rendered the series a good deal more intriguing.
The ordinariness of the magical world is a theme that runs throughout the film. Where Columbus went to great lengths to highlight every fantastical thing about this universe, Cuaron treats it matter-of-factly.
Entertaining, but it drains any kind of suspense from Harry's adventures by giving the magicians every variety of spell that they need just when they need it.
I'm really happy with how this installment turned out. I can easily recommend that you grab the kids and catch it on the big screen.
...a good, atmospheric stepping stone in the Potter chronology, with yet something missing to make it an entirely satisfying movie on its own. (Ultimate Edition, Blu-ray)
The overall look is purposely grim and downbeat.
This is the best of the Harry Potter films. It's not that there's more magic, it's just more magical.
Just like Hagrid when he's faced with the certain death of his faithful pet Buckbeak, the audience falls into the emotional trap that Cuarón creates.
A picture that's not only a franchise peak but a high point of the whole summer. For the first time in four years of half-trying, I'm gathering what all the fuss is about.
A refreshing change of pace. Sophisticated and distinctive.
More thoughtful, but still entertaining.
The most powerfully entrancing children's film in years.
Comes very close to soaring.
'Est llena de magia, diversin y personajes que Cuarn ha vuelto ms que entraables. Felicidades, Alfonso! Enhorabuena.'
Brilliantly conceived, Harry Potter & The Prisoner of Azkaban is a fantastic step up from the first films.
Where Cuaron really succeeds is with the actors.
This time out the spell that's cast is actually a potent one. Cuaron's talent is the magical ingredient in this concoction.
This is the best Harry Potter film to date.
... the most emotionally effective film in the HP series ...
Azkaban is a great adventure, a work that's marvelous as part of the franchise and on its own.
(...) Esta tercera entrega de Harry Potter luce mucho más fresca y atractiva, casi como una renovación.
The third time is less charming and more serious, yet Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban easily meets our requirements for a bewitching adventure.
A new filmmaker provides his take on the third book by author and creator J. K. Rowling, providing a darker tone that meets the book halfway for its... wiser student wizard.
Though Harry's now a teenager, Daniel Radcliffe hasn't grown an inch as an actor. No charmer, Radcliffe is barely the British version of Macaulay Culkin.
Moves with a new confidence. It's less scrubbed and disinfected and throbs with a more nightmarish excitement.
Cuaron replaces the glossy sheen and rote mechanics director Christopher Columbus brought to the first two films with a dark, rich intensity.
Hogwarts never felt so real. Stunning and delicious.
A shining improvement over the first two Potter installments and, in a comment I never thought I'd say, I would actually love to see Azkaban again.
[It] has moments that come alive, but is confined by an attitude that fantasy needn't pertain to anything beyond itself.
Alfonso Cuarón imprime (ao filme) um aspecto sombrio, sem, com isto, perder a característica mais fascinante da série: o invencionismo de J.K. Rowling.
So much time is spent on including juicy little inventions from author Rowlands' pages that the story tension dissipates and the audience's mind travels to other regions.
I'm bewildered and frightened to find myself reporting that it's a very good movie, and it might have been a wonderful one.
It's Lupin, with his shabby dignity and tender concern for Harry, who's the emotional counterweight to the teenager's sadness and anger, and Thewlis brings great warmth to his father-figure role.
The Prisoner of Azkaban is basically a routine vehicle that plods its way through details without giving much incentive to feel engaged by the specifics.
In Azkaban, Cuarón has made a character-driven film almost completely devoid of a big, senses-shattering, Hollywood climax. Even more amazing, you never miss it.
It's not a stretch to see Emma Watson as her generation's Jodie Foster - she's that good.
The story was a little harder to follow for novices like me
Bring on the geek hate-mail, but Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban mops the floor with Lord of the Rings
...feels at once more magically childlike and grimly grown-up...
Even though Azkaban in many ways is a far more accomplished film than its predecessors, it comes dangerously close to shutting out the nonreader.
The Potter movies have an endearing and light-hearted spirit of whimsy from which a certain other, recent fantasy trilogy -- more overwrought, overlong, and overrated -- could have greatly benefited.
Cuarón has imbued this film with his own style and dramatically changed the look and feel of the Potter universe...which I see as a marked improvement.
Let's peek inside Harry Potter's inbox, to see what day-to-day life is like for the protagonist of the edgy new Prisoner of Azkaban.
...no matter what I say you're still probably going to see it anyway.
Cuarón ... uses his enchanting vision to send Rowling's third installment down its dark, wondrous, often captivating road in grand style and with a generally steady pace.
A Harry Potter picture that flirts with -- and possibly even achieves -- greatness.
Harry is confronted by the Dementors, ghastly prison guards who feed on every good feeling, every happy memory, and every repeat showing of The Shawshank Redemption on TNT.
The most magical thing is how much older and bigger our young movie stars are
The visual imagination on display in this film is head and shoulders above the first two films.
Now that the groundwork has been laid, the series is free to really explore some compelling themes.
Rowling's prose unwittingly resembles the monster books that try to eat the students.
Cuaron leaves Peter Jackson and his bloody Hobbits choking on his dust.
Despite a stronger appreciation for the characters' psyches, Prisoner of Azkaban gets messy when Cuarón feels rushed.
Cuarón's involvement should have made this the best of the series, but "'Prisoner'" once again falls prey to author Rowling's tendency towards a lack of sophistication.
Le meilleur, ou le plus mature au minimum, des films de la série.
The adults may like it as much as any of the children in the audience. But the series is reaching a point of diminishing returns.
[a] whimsically solid entry. Cuaron creates a Harry Potter universe that is visually more stunning and sardonic in content...a viably entertaining creepy coming-of-age saga
"While still riveting and wonderful in its mythology, is somewhat clunky and confounding in execution."
[E]ven if you're never read a word of the Potter books and you haven't seen the first two films, Azkaban stands alone as a creative triumph.
As in "Princess" and "Mama," Cuaron explores the secret lives of young people forging identities in an adult world that alternately wants to ignore and to control them.
All hail Harry Potter!
The third edition of this classic tale brings thrills, chills and a new direction.
The darkest, most heavily plotted and handsomely crafted film of the three, but what's missing without Chris Columbus in the director's chair is the gee-whiz sense of wonder.
Un renacimiento de la saga, el brinco inevitable a la pubertad y el puente sin regreso del mundo de la magia inocua, a la fantástica esfera del horror y lo desconocido.
It just chugs along briskly, riding a wave of wonder and enthusiasm.
Did we mention Chris Columbus didn't direct this film?
The third time's the charm with this visual confection.
...has exactly what the earlier ones lacked - a sense of magic of its own.
It helps that I'm a huge fan of Rowling's Harry Potter books, and love the core story so much (especially Azkaban) that I'm apt to overlook some minor quibbles.
The first true Harry Potter movie -- the first to capture not only the books' sense of longing, but their understanding of the way magic underlies the mundane, instead of just prancing fancifully at a far remove from it.
This is a true adaptation, giving the impression of filming the whole book while carefully choosing what to include and leave out -- and thus it feels more complete and satisfying.
The other films felt like nothing more than companion pieces to the novels, illustrations to go along with the words; this one stands on its own.
Harry Potter is 13 now, an awkward age for anyone -- even a boy wizard armed with magical powers. But Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, the third film in the series, couldn't be more self-assured.
Darker, edgier and more artful than its predecessors. What's even more surprising is that it's actually very good!
This isn't the Grade Three incarnation of Harry Potter anymore.
A spell whose effect - though effectively and expertly cast - will not likely last much longer than the time it takes to watch it.
Despite a meandering middle and an anti-climatic ending, this installment is better than its predecessors in nearly every way.
With Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, director Alfonso Cuaron has wrought a wondrous fantasy that's light on its feet and full of heart. This movie targets the funny bone and tingles the spine.
There hasn't been a truly great Harry Potter movie yet, but this is a step in the right direction.
The third installment in the Harry Potter series, is everything the first two films were not: complex, frightening, nuanced.
This is one long sit, made all the more so by a turgid story, a dour visual palette and uninspiring action.
Thanks to director Alfonso Cuaron, a dazzling storyteller with a keen eye for whimsical detail, the third film in the Potter franchise is a visual delight.
While I confess to being almost utterly lost within the narrative within about 20 minutes, I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.
This chapter leaves me little enthused for the future.
A marvelous adventure.
Fast, fluid and absorbing.
A different kind of Harry Potter movie, a better kind.
A big, marvelous entertainment we can feel proud to love.
Until an even more impressive chapter comes along, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban looms as the apex of the phenomenal new film franchise based on J.K. Rowling's celebrated series of novels.
As magical and adventurous as ever, but perhaps just a smidgen darker than its predecessors, and deliciously foreboding.
The series' child actors are now teen actors, and the franchise is growing with them.
It's hard to imagine that any Harry Potter movie will ever top the enchanted achievement of Prisoner of Azkaban.
At long last, here is a film where the computer-generated imagery actually serves the magic rather than being the magic.
The other films had magic brooms, but this is the first picture that flies.
As good a movie as anyone will ever make out of J.K. Rowling's revered novels about the boy wizard.
Scarier, funnier, filmed with real style.
A whole lot of fun, even for those of us who haven't read the books.
The effects are a wonder to behold.
A fast-paced, suspense-filled adventure that takes viewers on a wild, mesmerizing, magical ride regardless of their age.
the most atmospheric, heartfelt and elegantly eerie installment so far... 'mischief managed' -- marvelously.
Artful, fast-moving and engrossing.
Easily the most clever, emotionally affecting and involving of the adaptations so far.
The best of the films to date.
Cuaron has done what few sequel caretakers ever manage, refreshing the characters and stories for a long potential run.
An utter delight.
[Alfonso Cuaron] has never made a special-effects movie before, and he's careful to balance the ooh-ahh moments with human interaction.
Cuaron tries to touch on a couple dozen of the subplots that so delightfully and leisurely unfold in the book, but here come off like a fast-forwarded highlight reel.
It's far less self-conscious about how to please an audience and isn't as slavishly interactive with its source material.
A masterpiece.
The third time's the charm. Or maybe it's the second director. Either way, "Azkaban" proves the boy wizard's most bewitching big-screen adventure yet.
He's great, , the dementors are great , everyone else is great and the film is great.
A great continuation of the series and immediately available for viewing in IMAX! See it that way if you can!
The first [of the series] that really accomplishes what Rowling's books do so well -- respect the intelligence and imagination of Harry's young audience.
Cuaron achieves what the first two films failed at: creating an empathetic, human dimension for both Harry Potter and the entire world of witchcraft and wizardry.
[Cuaron's] dark touch gives the latest chapter a fresh bolt of energy and - at last! - a rush of inspiration.
'Something Wicked This Way Comes!' promises the tagline -- and it delivers!
Pardon the pun, but when it comes to Harry Potter films, the third time's a charm.
A tremendous achievement in production design.
Prisoner may not be perfect, but when it's good, it's very good indeed.
A well-paced tween movie that feels modern, timeless, funny and frightening all at once.
Here, at last, Harry Potter And The Movie Adventure hauls itself up to the standards set by the brilliant books.
What's interesting about Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is that it is both darker and funnier at the same time than the earlier films.
In a series that's episodic by definition, too many of these episodes lack any climax or payoff.
Here, finally, is a Harry Potter movie I'd happily see again.
An adaptation worthy of Rowling's marvelous creation-a chapter that spins the story to ever more thrillingly dark, treacherous heights.
The best Harry Potter adaptation so far... more emotional, scarier, and demands more from the actors portraying the young wizards, but they all deliver.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the best entry, yet, in the series
Those who feared the franchise might grow as stale as Batman or Alien need not worry, as Cuarón proves there is still a little magic left up Potter's sleeve.
While voluptuously bringing to luscious life the kid-lit world of witchcraft, wizardry and bizarre creatures, has script and plotting as bland as the Hardy Boys.
The best book in the series is now the best film in the series. We all have a better movie in our heads, but I had a blast seeing what lurked inside Curon's.
...the most multifaceted and intriguing Harry Potter film yet.
More adult, and seeing this series become gradually more sophisticated, along with its three stars, is a real treat.
Cuarón is... having fun with the neverwhere between childhood and adolescence in a deliciously metaphoric way that Chris Columbus wouldn't or couldn't venture near...
If the first two films could easily have been tightened up by a half-hour or so, this one left me wishing that there were an 'extended edition' DVD coming.
This film tells the exact same story more effectively than J.K. Rowling.
Cuarón brings a greater sensibility to his topic than did his predecessor Chris Columbus in the two previous Harry Potter movies.
A change in directors brings the third installment of the boy-wizard saga even closer to greatness.
(Director Alfonso) Cuaron has created a darker, more sinister world for Harry, while also opening up more of the grounds around Hogwarts.
A highly entertaining epic - arguably the best of the films to date - and one that will entrance fans of the books as well as newcomers.
At some point you have to start asking with all the mystical potions and gifts of foresight, how do these wizards keep fingering the wrong people for these crimes?
Less a proper story in itself than a reminder to enjoy the wonders [J.K. Rowling] has conjured.
The literal sensibility that director Chris Columbus gave to the first two Potter films has been replaced by Cuaron's richly cinematic one.
This time, Harry Potter is in a movie, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban," not just a translation of a novel.
The boys look considerably less interesting whenever Hermione's on screen, she being, again, the creature most in-between.
The film's disarming blend of freshness and darkness should please the Potter faithful and win new followers.
[Cuaron] leaves his mark without betraying the source material.
Just about everything plays better this time.
Everything they screwed up in the first two Harry Potter movies they fix in the new one.
Almost everything about this movie looks and feels right.
In Cuaron's hands, the world of Harry Potter doesn't feel like a synthetic movie theme park anymore. It's almost real, Hogwarts and all.
It's much darker in mood and look than its predecessors, and it moves much faster, refusing to coddle or spoon-feed those who haven't seen the first two movies or read the books. This is both asset and detriment.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban proves that a new director with a different perspective can freshen a series that could otherwise resort to stale repetition.
Harry Potter and The Prisoner of Azkaban offers what neither of its predecessors, for all their wand-waving and witch-brooms, had: real magic.
Prisoner of Azkaban sustains the good vibe of Harry Potter's previous screen appearances, while also being blessed with a wand's worth of Cuaron's movie magic.
It is perfect evidence for the obvious truth Potter fans must face. The only great Harry Potter movies will be those we create in our minds as readers.
Harry Potter and the Wizard of Azkaban is precisely the kind of invention the franchise needed.
The silliest, as well as the most contrived -- and confusing -- of them all.
An entrancing experience for Potter fans.
Younger children might be put off by the darker tone of this movie, but the franchise's new direction holds promise.
For the final hour of the two-hour- and-21-minute Azkaban is the closest any of the films has gotten to capturing the enormously pleasing essence of the Potter books.
Stretching the PG rating to its breaking point, Mr. Cuaron has directed the creepiest and scariest Potter picture yet -- and to my mind, the best.
Until now Harry Potter has been a great book character and a functional movie hero. With Cuaron leading the way, Harry has burst from the printed page to soar on-screen.
an influx of terrific British actors, the oncoming adulthood of the film's three young stars and the fabulous effect that is the Hippogriff sock this one over
The world of Harry Potter remains delightful, amusing and sophisticated.
Cuaron finds the perfect balance of individual style and faithful representation, darkness and light, and delivers the strongest installment in the Potter series so far.
More magical than its cinematic predecessors.
How ironic that a story dealing with an escaped prisoner actually manages to set this franchise free.
Showing more depth and range than in the first two Harry Potter movies, Radcliffe, Grint and Watson have all come into their own.
"Prisoner" ironically feels much more unrestrained by the pressure of translating J.K. Rowlings' novels into films and is easier to just enjoy as a movie.
Audiences won't be wild about this "Harry" with its dark, humorless approach
Everything a Harry Potter movie should be, an awesome visual world housing the volatile heart of a teenager.
It's a dazzling, magical cinematic experience.
The Potter movies come of age.
...there is very little about this bloated package that delivered anything of great impact, particularly its story-line...
Best just to sit back and marinate in the richness of the movie's texture and ignore the sloppy screenplay.
This latest film is a lot darker in tone, and thanks to the new director Alfonso Cuaron, it's also a great deal scarier.
A marvel of special effects seamlessly hitched to a powerful coming-of-age story.
A convincing exploration of adolescence when one is tossed and turned by doubts about self and others and exhilarated by fantastic energy and derring do.
The third Harry Potter movie is the first one that actually looks and feels like a movie, rather than a staged reading with special effects.
Cuarón has also taken more narrative liberties than Columbus did, and all of them are good, restructuring the film's chronology for increased dramatic impact
Cuaron's resume all but guarantees he'll be given the free ride that Columbus never enjoyed. Yet the truth is that, while far from a dud, this is the weakest of the films.
The first movie in the series with fear and wonder in its bones, and genuine fun, too.
nothing much happens to enhance any of the characters aside from the tenuous hand-holding of Ron and Hermione - and Azkaban generates very little energy along the way
Darker than the first two installments though not too scary for the youngest in the audience.
Troubling and turbulent as any coming-of-age saga worth its agony must be. It feels absolutely true, and absolutely magical.
It isn't worth sitting through almost two-and-a-half hours of a movie without enough for anyone other than a certified Potter fan.
Alfonso Cuarón has fashioned J.K. Rowling's imaginative text into a visually and emotionally satisfying stunner.
A mild upkick in pacing and texture can be credited to director Alfonso Cuarón ... who avoids Chris Columbus's mastodon-like setups and knows a bit more about whipping up atmospherics.
A visually ravishing, narratively crisp treatment that represents a major advance on the earlier installments...not just a good Harry Potter movie; it's a good movie, period.
The third Harry Potter movie is the best yet, seemingly less dependent than its predecessors on cinematic gadgetry, and stronger in conveying its characters and story.
The sets are spectacular and the effects largely seamless.
There are some pretty nifty scenes and special effects.
Our wee little wizard is growing up so fast! ... Much like the child actors in the Harry Potter movies have grown up ... this film and story have grown with them.
Depth of character, cunning humor and hair-raising chills come shining through the visual blitzkrieg of special effects....Far and away the best Harry Potter movie yet.
A great film -- not just a fun treat or a solid adaptation, but a wonderful movie.
Cuaron has more than done it justice, delivering an enjoyable, beautifully directed film that is comfortably superior to its two predecessors.
The Potter universe is finally imaged with magical perfection. Any chance Cuarón could re-do HP1 and HP2?
Not only is this dazzler by far the best and most thrilling of the three Harry Potter movies to date, it's a film that can stand on its own even if you never heard of author J.K. Rowling and her young wizard hero.
A darker, scarier, more mature film than either of its predecessors, in my book, better, too.
It's all rattling good fun.
Alfonso Cuarón has successfully brought a Harry Potter book to the silver screen without losing the magic that made the series an international phenomenon.
Much like a child going through puberty, the maturation of the Harry Potter franchise has yielded awkward growing pains for the third film in the series.
A deeper, darker, visually arresting and more emotionally satisfying adaptation of the J.K. Rowling literary phenomenon.
In Cuarón's hands this fantasy has gone from the wildly absurd into the delightfully real.
A dark and sombre film that is spookier but less amusing than the first two.
Assured, visually triumphant filmmaking that isn't simply a joy to look at, but also bewitches with its tightly conceived plotting.
Cuarón's appointment to this franchise is quite simply the most inspired Hollywood gamble of the year.
Harry Potter fans, stand up and cheer for Alfonso Cuarón, who in taking the reins for the third film in the series, has finally infused energy and vitality into the franchise.
Not only is this the best Harry Potter movie, it is the first Harry Potter movie that actually qualifies as cinema.
suitably imaginative visuals and a knack for hitting the high points of the plot without missing a beat. . . a fabulously wild ride
Pace, acting, composition, cinematography, moody lighting & score create a magical cinematic experience with greater depth, grit and maturity than the previous two.
Anxiously paced and happily embellished, The Prisoner of Azkaban trades in conflict of the internal variety. It's also the first Harry Potter film worth a damn.
This isn't a radical departure from the previous films. Solid entertainment for fans.


@highlight

Under the assured direction of Alfonso Cuaron, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban triumphantly strikes a delicate balance between technical wizardry and complex storytelling.