Montiel's honey coated Queens of the mid-'80s is rich with the violence and carnality of teenagers, and the performances of LaBeouf (as the young Dito) and Channing Tatum (as his Stanley Kowalski-like grunt friend, Antonio) are raw pleasures.
Dito Montiel adapts his autobiographical 2001 novel into a vivid slice-of-life drama from the Jim Carroll school of disaffected coming-of-age New York journalism.
It is its very autobiographical roots that make Saints an emotional wallop, a raw, authentic work that is, at its defiant core, violently and unrestrainedly alive.
Superb performances and a gripping retrospective plotline make this tough cookie an entertaining one, even if its adult story strand is weighed down with vagaries.
Given all the filmed memory pieces about screaming, violent Italian-American families in New York boroughs, I'm not especially thrilled by even a well-made example.
I love the scenes with young people in the middle of a hot New York summer, talking to one another like panthers circling.
It positively crackles with energy, featuring startlingly raw performances from a cast that also includes Shia LaBeouf as the young Dito. And if it looks ragged around the edges, that's as it should be.
the adult scenes, though providing the film with structural ballast, also weigh it down.
...ultimately undone by Montiel's relentlessly ostentatious sense of style...
The real star is Channing Tatum as the alpha-chimp leader of Dito's pack. The camera doesn't just love him, it wants to marry him, settle down, and have his babies.
Itâ(TM)s a movie about the nature of time, about getting older and struggling to connect with who we once were. And above all, itâ(TM)s a story about taking a breather from the marathon of life to find our way home.
Over-indulgent but often interesting and ambitious in its attempt to recreate the free-wheeling, jazz-improvisational feel of classic independent 70s cinema.
Well acted and never less than watchable but it's not particularly engaging and you'll definitely feel like you've seen it all before.
Montiel's first effort remains episodic and inward, failing to build a bridge to the viewer.
The plot itself might not break much new ground, but the telling, by both cast and crew, makes this a memoir to remember.
A deserved hit at Sundance, Guide plays like Stand By Me crossed with Kids. It's as promising, beautiful and gritty as its onscreen 'saints'.
A decent enough calling-card picture that swaggers even as it stumbles.
Tough streets, tough Love.
Ambitious coming-of-age drama, this may hit a false note here or there but the performances are magnetic.
%u03B1%u03C0' %u03C4%u03B1 %u03B1%u03BE%u03B9%u03BF%u03BB%u03BF%u03B3%u03CC%u03C4%u03B5%u03C1%u03B1 %u03BD%u03C4%u03B5%u03BC%u03C0%u03BF%u03CD%u03C4%u03B1 %u03C4%u03B7%u03C2 %u03C7%u03C1%u03BF%u03BD%u03B9%u03AC%u03C2, %u03B2%u03C1%u03B1%u03B2%u03B5%u03C5%
Montiel constantly inserts the kind of "look at me, I'm a director!" touches that only remind viewers that he's an amateur.
It's a poignant look at some boys who could use some saints preserving them.
It takes a while to recognize these saints, but the effort is worth it.
This is the sort of film that packs a wallop, emotionally.
The movie never answers the question of why, exactly, the audience should care about these characters.
Martin Scorsese made his ode to Little Italy, Mean Streets, back in 1973, which seems like an long time ago. But it hasn't been so long that it's acceptable for another film to cop its vibe.
The strong cast... is hamstrung by Montiel's insistence that all dialogue be delivered at shouting level.
Dito Montiel's autobiographical film is full of raw emotional power and infused with painful observation %u2026 in which he unflinchingly lays it all bare. He doesn't even change his name for the central character
I think we can agree there's a problem with a movie that pretends to be gritty realism but also asks us to believe Rosario Dawson and Robert Downey Jr. are the same age, even though she's 27 and he's 41.
If you enjoy films that are superbly acted, with incredible realism, and don't mind foul language, then this should be on your must-see list.
The film is gritty and tense, and explodes with ferocity.
A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints is inchoate, but it demonstrates that instincts and brio can compensate for a lot.
Has rather too much attitude for a simple tale about making peace with your past.
Though A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints is not a great movie, I prefer its street-grit version of adolescent desperation to the arch, mannered tone of Running With Scissors.
Like an O'Neill play, its virtues are not in well-constructed ideas but in the emotional catharses it wrings out of its audience.
A misfire.
The story of Dito escaping and then facing his demons is meaningful. But that story is so buried in actorly noise that it feels false.
By splitting up the story, Montiel does not spend enough time on either one. Both versions of Dito remain too much of a mystery.
You don't watch "A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints." You get mugged by it.
After the first 20 minutes, Saints smoothes out the kinks and starts to resemble the open wound collection of memories it was intended to be.
The memoirist turned screenwriter turned director has hit it out of the park with his first feature, crafting an unflinching, often brutal retrospective of his formative years in Astoria, Queens.
Has a clarity of vision that can only come from a filmmaker telling his own story, blessed with perceptive hindsight and riveting performances all around.
...makes every other movie "escape" from a rough upbringing no longer seem so clean-cut.
A picture of some generalized power that's nonetheless unfocused and awfully high-pitched...too florid and messy to succeed as a whole.
A sincere examination of the moment, on the cusp of adulthood, when children must decide whether to get out of the only life they've known or honor it by staying home.
It's not the whole, rough-edged film that appeals most, but the individual moments that feel exactly right, accumulating to form a lasting impression.
The results, although a bit uneven, are never less than compelling to watch and won a couple of awards at Sundance last year, including a directing prize.
Montiel brings enough of his own emotional confusion and life experience to the party to make the cuts feel real, to make one more tale of mistakes and mangled youth worth following.
Guide gets the details right, recalling the minutiae of Dito's teen years -- from clothes to conversations -- with near-psychoanalytical clarity.
The first-time filmmaker aspires to show us what caused him to leave his neighborhood and stay gone for 20 years. All I can really glean is that the place was too loud.
It's a complex web of characters... but Montiel handles them all, flashbacks and flash-forwards included, like a pro.
Pulses with the honesty and spontaneity of early films by Martin Scorsese and Spike Lee.
Touching but somewhat undernourished.
The fractured narrative, with its era shifts, its talking-head soliloquies, and screenplay-style subtitles, gives an edgy, artsy pulse to what is essentially a well-honed exercise in nostalgia.
Whenever we're in flashback, this is a lovely, haunting movie, beautifully acted by a vivid, fresh ensemble of talents.
Feels less like an honest memoir and more like a jacked-up memory of cool movies past. Now that [Montiel's] written what he knows, let's go ahead and see what he's got.
Populated with actors who know their characters so intimately they seem to spring to life from the screen.
a lyrical evocation of a time quickly fading, and all that it implies.
Why is this a movie, when it almost certainly works better as a novel with more time for all of its characters and atmosphere?
Awkward, but compelling and worth checking out.
When director Montiel gets out of his own way, the movie shines.
Scenemaker Dito Montiel's rough, grating memoir of growing up in a poor, violent section of Astoria, Queens, in the mid-1980s features a few too many arty flourishes, but also packs a raw power that's hard to shake.
This is a gifted director who actually has something to say and knows how to say it. We'll be hearing from him again.
'Stick to the book' isn't always the best advice for a screenwriter adapting a best- seller, but when it's his own memoir, it would lend a more certain authenticity.
There's a quality of daring in Montiel's approach, trusting that the intensity of his feeling for his characters can become contagious.
All in all, Saints is a good, tough memory piece and an above-average directing debut.
Chaos, grit, and bravado run rampant through the streets of 1986 Queens in writer/director Dito Montiel's well-acted ... adaptation of his own memoir.
Every performance works; every actor is at the top of his or her game.
Montiel attempts to interweave past and present, but he yields so much time to his teenage years that the present-day material comes perilously close to looking like a framing story.
The story could use a little tightening in places where the pace slackens, but overall this is a lovely debut. It's an homage to Montiel's family and old friends, and to the ghost of his old self.
Former hard-core punk rocker Dito Montiel's directorial debut, based on his memoir of the same name, has a raw street authenticity to it, but frequently runs into trouble when real life fails to follow a good story arc.
Saints is so personal and site-specific a work that it's hard to imagine what Dito Montiel will pull out of his hat for an encore. But even if this is the only movie he has in him, the Queens kid hasn't done so badly for himself after all.
Dito Montiel's autobiographical tale is so full of life and feeling that the screen can hardly contain it.
The flow of flashbacks isn't as seamless as it could be. But, as noted, coping with one's past is never as neat as most other movies make it out to be.
For just about every bit that throbs convincingly with the pain of an open wound or the thrill of a newfound love, there's some arty or self-serving flourish that doesn't achieve Montiel's desired effect.
It's forceful and alive and spilling over with crazy poetry.
Guide is rich in nostalgia but it goes nowhere.
A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints illustrates that it's still possible to do something interesting with a familiar premise.
The praise heaped upon A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints is way too much, way too soon.
The gods of cool appear to have kissed Dito Montiel's fingertips.
A truly powerful, moving and insightful look at the confusing cusp of adulthood and the scars it leaves you with.
Blessed enough to have drawn Gautier and Downey away from better-paying gigs, the kid hasn't likely failed to recognize his saints.
Montiel's debut packs a visceral punch that most coming-of-age tales do not.
The evocation of mood and of a turning point in adolescence are nicely managed here by the young cast and the production as a whole.
A brash and bold coming-of-age movie about a wild band of youth in Astoria, Queens, during the summer of 1986.
Mama, don't let your babies grow up to be Eric Roberts.
Though not as good, thematically, Montiel's coming-of-age saga, based on his published memoir of growing up in Queens circa 1986, is in the vein of hang-out neighborhood movies like Mean Streets, Diner, and more recently Manito and Raising Victor Vargas.
The flavor of the film is exactly right, with the humor, innocence, drama and anxiety of youth all just the way you remember them.
A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints is a great film. It's the truthfulness to the time and the characters that elevate the film to something far above a cliche.
If John Cassavetes had made coming-of-age stories, they might have turned out a lot like first-time writer/director Dito Montiel's A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints.
The effect is one of a fabulous acting showcase more than a wholly finished work.
After a while, the crudeness and venality of the central characters proves as stifling as the incessant Queens summer heat does to our dubious protagonists.



@highlight

A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints is a lively, powerful coming-of-age tale with winning performances and sharp direction from first-timer Dito Montiel.