engaging
I do think the movie loses focus at times, but nevertheless, this is a pretty interesting story into madness.
The details just get stranger and stranger.
Knowing in advance how it all turned out cannot rob this remarkable movie of any of its drama, although ignorance of the events probably adds to the kick.
As a portrait of obsession, competition and, finally, delusion, Deep Water is haunting and engrossing, and one of the best nonfiction movies of the year.
As directed by Louise Osmond and Jerry Rothwell, the movie breezes along at a highly watchable clip, thanks to fluid, affecting intercutting of archival, black-and-white footage and present-day interviews.
This is fascinating stuff... that would be better served by a magazine article or book.
The film evokes a visceral understanding of solitude at sea.
Deeply researched and compellingly presented, Deep Water is as much about one man's misadventures on the ocean as it is about loneliness, desperation and the danger of dreams.
Not merely a documentary portrait, but an engrossing drama with more twists and turns than your average thriller.
This is pretty heady stuff, and it's constantly enthralling, particularly for something that has to use so much second-hand information.
This well crafted and engaging documentary is a ripping yarn of a man's mansize adventure going horribly wrong.
...the less said about this film the better. It's that good.
This was a story that made front pages in its day but has been largely lost to history, and now is brought bracingly and compellingly back to life.
Some beautiful shots give unexpected texture to the film, such as an underwater capture of a boat from below, with prisms of light surrounding it. And its final image is a quiet heartbreaker.
With the discovery of films and audiotape from the first solo, non-stop nautical race around the globe, Deep Water promises to take us where we have never been.
This isn't primarily an adventure story, though it's very suspenseful; it's first and foremost a profoundly sad tale of human frailty.
But more startling are the original tape recordings and 16mm films made by the solitary competitors as they spent more than ten months alone trying to sail around the globe.
For this gripping and amazing documentary, such truth emerges not just from the facts, but also the poetry of men who redefine themselves in a risky race on small sailboats.
It is a sad, finely crafted documentary that must not be missed, if you call yourself a real film buff.
...a compelling portrait of a man who is terminally befuddled and ends up abandoning his wife and children because he can't face the music.
A tangle of turbulent seas and emotions.
Deep Water is a stunning documentary that not only beautifully elucidates a nearly forgotten incident but touches on crucial themes involving isolation, sanity, self-worth, impossible dreams, the nature of heroism and limits of human endurance.
One of the year's best documentaries.
One of this year's better studies of the human soul.
Osmond and Rothwell do a commendable job of mining a rich archive of material.
Osmond and Rothwell's depiction of his unraveling is an exquisitely structured drama.
To reveal Crowhurst's decision would be to spoil a stunning tale. Deep Water is not itself comparably stunning.
Despite the flaws in the structure and story of Deep Water, Osmond and Rothwell display great skill at keeping their audience informed.
Remarkable.
The documentary effectively blends contemporary and recent interviews with film and tape recordings made by Crowhurst aboard the Electron.
A fascinating documentary about the first single-handed around-the-world sailing race, begins like a Boy's Own adventure tale but ends up more akin to tragedy.
Deep Water is a documentary, but it's also one part adventure film, one part Greek tragedy, and one part meditation on the role of the 'hero' in modern society.
An enthralling documentary about an Englishman named Donald Crowhurst who, in 1968, set off on a solitary, nonstop circumnavigation of the globe.
Deep Water's account of a modern Icarus is frighteningly clear in its perceptions and aftershocks.
A spooky, moving doc that chronicles the first solo attempt to circle the world by boat.
Nearly 40 years after he attempted to transcend his everyday life of limited horizons and money troubles, Osmond and Rothwell offer a fitting tribute to Crowhurst and his impossible dream.
Not only is this an incredible saga of Jack London proportions, it's also a great detective tale.
Echoes the dark poetry of Coleridge's Ancient Mariner and Poe's Arthur Gordon Pym, men who sailed to sea in search of fortune only to encounter the abyss within themselves.
His story is a footnote in sailing history, to be sure, but a fascinating one.
Humane and haunting.
Deep Water successfully combines the pressure of the competition with an intriguing character study of the increasingly desperate Crowhurst.
In a sense, the subject of this film contributed a good deal of material to his cinematic biography, material that is gut-wrenchingly intimate and revelatory.
It is the point -- and the power -- of Deep Water that the vast, unknowable fathoms of the sea are rivaled only by those of the human psyche.
A true-life tale of inadvertent self-destruction, Deep Water's generic title belies its haunting incisiveness.
Given that the tedium of months on the open seas could and did drive a man insane, co-directors Louise Osmond and Jerry Rothwell have done a commendable job of making Deep Water... well, not boring.
Deep Water confirms all the mythical terrors that lurk in our dreams of the sea, and the best person to watch it with would be Melville.
[An] expertly assembled and engrossing documentary.
Charting the thin line between courage and foolhardiness, it's a poignant portrayal of the excruciating emotional odyssey of all involved.
A sad story, but well told, with respect for its subject and an eye for the Shakespearian tragedy in the tale.
Stories celebrating heroic journeys are commonplace, but this is a sobering, anti-heroic tale of an ordinary man who set out to attempt the extraordinary... and failed through a cruel combination of bad luck and bad judgement.
The pic should suck even landlubbers into a whirlpool of gripping adventure, overblown ambitions and sheer human folly.




@highlight

Equal parts mystery and biography, Deep Water is both an engrossing documentary and an affecting treatise on human folly and obsession.