An inane and unpleasant trashy B-movie sci-fi abduction-torture thriller.
Rupture is the kind of ill-conceived film that gives Michael Chiklis the campy role while keeping Peter Stormare on background duty.
To get it as wrong as Rupture takes quite some skill.
It's been 15 years since Shainberg's wonderful "Secretary" and 11 since his lesser, yet still interesting "Fur," but this film replaces his facility with gentle, peculiar inquisitions into fetishism with something much more generic.
It's not involving; it's not scary; it's just kind of miserable.
Rupture falls into the very worst category a fim out of the horror genre can be found it: boring. It's wasted potential with a hint of creative bankruptcy, a sour martini that's flatter than week-old beer.
... more pretentious than suspenseful, filled with derivative contrivances that compromise much of the intrigue and originality in the unsettling concept.
Given an entire facility in a secluded location, Shainberg and Nelson don't come up with that many interesting things to do there.
What we get, essentially, is a plot that exists to prevent itself from actually telling a story.
Dreary, derivative and flat-out dopey, this dragged-out torture tale will disappoint even those whose hearts race whenever they see a female character strapped to a bed.
Not at all satisfying, and as the feature begins to unravel while pursuing impossible visual and storytelling goals, one begins to wonder if the basic atmosphere of suffering isn't feeding Shainberg's personal appetites.
Noomi Rapace delivers a solid performance in this allegorical, torture-heavy horror movie.
Everything I liked about Rupture is half-cooked and rushed to conclusion.
Redundant, slim storyline.
A diluted interpretation of Aughts torture-porn with a film-student appreciation for Gaspar Noé's color palette, Rupture is a sci-fi abduction thriller that leaves little to be thrilled about.
It attempts to dress up torture-porn tropes with a late-inning switch to science fiction that spectacularly backfires.
What sinks the film is Shainberg's insipid direction.
They're coming to take me away, ha-ha!
A harrowing hostage thriller whose filmmakers outsmart themselves with their clumsy attempt to meld it to sci-fi.
Rupture may not have the cleverest title of the year or be particularly original, but with Rapace at its centre in stark raving terrified mode, it's a committed stab of strangeness that'll keep you guessing through to an admirably dark conclusion.
Things get off to a slightly uneven start with a clumsy revelation... but Rupture is worth persevering with as it turns into a tense, claustrophobic and strange experience.
A slim and derivative exploitation horror.
Nobody's heart or soul is invested too heavily in it.
Rupture makes for an immersive cinematic experience, for the viewer is placed in exactly the same shoes as the protagonist, as we know absolutely nothing.
Intriguing and different enough to earn its stripes in the transformation genre.
Despite a cast that includes Noomi Rapace, Michael Chiklis and Lesley Manville, Rupture is a pretty feeble slice of science-fiction horror.
The silliness and nastiness outweigh the possible interest.
Too much time is spent sneaking aimlessly around the building. And when the B-movie reveal finally comes into focus, it feels like a waste of a good set-up.
Despite an intriguing premise, an impossible-to-buy plot contrivance and a deeply unsatisfying ending put paid to this sci-fi psycho-thriller.
While flirting with the tropes of 'torture porn', Rupture in fact sees Shainberg altering and adapting the SM genes of his earlier film Secretary (2002) to SF.

@highlight

Derivative and clumsily assembled, Rupture manages the tricky feat of making arachnophobia seem dull.