[A] moving, observant documentary about the relationship between the ailing 93-year-old legend and master trumpeter Clark Terry and Justin Kauflin, a blind pianist Terry successfully mentored.
Terry's enveloping warmth, wisdom and good nature give the Oscar-shortlisted documentary much of its energy.
This infectious jazz doco will leave you feeling a little more content than Whiplash.
One of the year's most affecting documentaries
[an]ongoing conversation between these two remarkable artists whose superficial differences are dissolved by a genuinely encouraging love.
There's no need to be a jazz aficionado to enjoy this story, as the film is not just a description of music icon but a rare chance at seeing, in reality, both the beginning and the end of a highly unlikely dream.
Two jazz musicians, one Hall of Fame legend Terry Clark, the other his struggling protege, are handed all kinds of physical obstacles, but both live life with great joy...
"Keep on Keepin' On" might document the passing of a musical torch from one century to the next, but for one sticking point: The first torch plain refuses to go out.
You don't have to be a jazz-head to be drawn in and empathize with the documentary "Keep on Keepin' On."
What really makes Keep On Keepin' On such a heart-tugging, three-handkerchief crowd pleaser is that at heart, it's a buddy movie.
The only danger with a movie like this is the inevitably disappointing return to more humdrum reality once it ends.
Terry produced some of the happiest sounds in the history of jazz; Keep on Keepin' On keeps the smiles coming.
As joyful as a jumping jazz riff, Keep on Keepin' On is an inspiring story of devotion, dedication and multi-generational friendship.
'Your mind is a powerful asset,' Terry tells Kauflin early in the film, and we realize this is a man who creates the 'happiest sound in jazz' even without his trumpet
Steadily a portrait emerges of a man who is an inspiration as much for his character as for his talent.
A celebration of music, perseverance and human connection, "Keep on Keepin' On" is for both jazz lovers and lovers of life.
One need not be a jazz aficionado to enjoy this film. All that's required is a smile.
If the film introduces more people to Terry's music, it will have more than served its purpose.
This is a movie that one need not be a jazz fan at all to enjoy.
Like too many films on athletes and artists, Keep on Keepin' On seems afraid of going over our heads by examining the technique of its two musicians.
As Terry's health declines, the documentary takes on a rather ghoulish aspect; at one point both his legs have to be amputated, and Jones, himself pushing 80, shows up for an emotional reunion that one assumes will be the men's last.
What's most memorable, outside of the optimism Terry and Kauflin share in the face of adversity, is some of the trumpet player's one-liners.
The stories unfold in parallel, occasionally intertwining, and as one narrative examines a glorious past, the other focuses on an uncertain future.
Slowly, the powerful message of heart and soul winning out over an impaired body and over-thinking mind develops into the core drama of this otherwise modest doc.
Terry seems happy just about all the time.
This music doc is an absolute delight, and moving and inspirational to boot.
It's genuinely nice to see a man of Terry's stature put his faith in an artist of a younger generation, their bond strengthened by a shared love of music.
Alan Hicks's affectionate and moving look at the relationship between the great trumpeter Clark Terry and Justin Kauflin, a talented young pianist.
The movie hits a beautiful, celebratory note.
Quietly stirring ...
Intimately catches what is rarely seen on film: how a dedicated mentor can patiently pass on a lifetime of insights to a protégé and how the teacher benefits from the student
Seeing a living legend laid up in an oxygen tent shouldn't be fun. But in Alan Hicks's doc Keep On Keepin' On, it somehow is.
Two remarkable men -- one young, one old -- fuel each other's spirits in the beautiful documentary Keep On Keepin' On.
[A] lovingly made first-hand account.
"Keep On Keepin' On" is the kind of film that should push those who have achieved master status to pass it on to another generation, and encourage those in need of guidance to find the men or women they want to be and ask them how they got there.
Intimate and affectionate ...
The relationship between Terry and his mentee, Justin Kauflin, gives the movie a strong narrative spine and, more importantly, an emotional throughline unlike most other biographical docs I've seen.
Keep On Keepin' On opts for a feeling of loose bebop jazz, keeping things fresh, unpredictable, and occasionally sublime.
A dig through [Clark] Terry's 2011 autobiography would be more instructive, but this still does the trick.

@highlight

Offering keen observations and infectious warmth, Keep On Keepin' On is a joy for jazz buffs and novices alike.