Bad Neighbours is... a thumping, screaming, appallingly moronic comedy that will make anyone with a working pair of ears and eyes never want to see a film again.
If puerile and sometimes just plain stupid entertainment is what you're after you'll get it here; you'll also get plenty of laughs and have little time to think about how predictably it plays out.
The majority of the 96-minute film is the increasingly bawdy, cruel and sometimes illegal hijinks between the parents and the brothers, leading the story further away from reality.
Neighbors has little interest in much beyond jokes that seemed dated by the time Hangover 3 was over. It's as stale as 10-week-old pizza.
Neighbors is a surprise and a delight.
Byrne walks away with the film by making Kelly a well-rounded, conflicted person, rather than the film's fun cop who has to tell everyone the boring truth.
Rose Byrne, sporting her natural Australian accent, delights as Kelly. Between this and Bridesmaids, she has shown that she's as funny as any actress working today.
Once the feud starts, things quickly escalate and this is where the comedy hits its stride and rarely relents.
It may seem counterintuitive to praise the emotional maturity of a movie whose climax includes a dildo fight, but there you have it.
Nicholas Stoller's "Neighbors" is nothing short of furious in its jabs, hooks, and uppercuts at the funny bone.
The ferocity [Byrne] brings is almost enough to compensate for the limp approach the film takes to its own premise.
Believable, individualized people and playful filmmaking.
"Neighbors" may not be an all-out disaster, but it is an unfunny comedy that just can't find any jokes that really hit the mark. As a result, it's a rather dull film that wastes a potentially hilarious premise.
At least this comedy goes well beyond the bunch of creative revenge ploys that these next-door nemeses wreak on each other. Neighbors isn't straight-As, bring-down-the-house smart-funny, but it's no drop-out, sprawling, lame block party of a flick either.
It operates as a genuinely funny, but not obnoxiously course, mediation on the bumpy and uncertain transition to adulthood.
Even if the story meanders in a predictable direction, it features several inspired comic moments.
You either agree to partake in the beer pong of a plot before laying down your money or stay home.
Though Nicholas Stoller's shortest movie to date, Neighbors is as unfocused and undisciplined as anything within the director's seriously erratic filmography...
I'd love to see a movie with these two paired up again, one that doesn't rely on cruelty to garner laughs.
Tries to be a cross between "Animal House" and "Old School" but, sadly, is more like a second-rate "Van Wilder" sequel.
Bad Neighbours makes the occasional comedic stumble but thankfully, it has more than enough energy to make it to the finish line.
It's Byrne who's Rogen's partner in crime, and she's the brains behind the operation ... a refreshing change of pace in a genre that usually relegates ladies to the nag role.
Even the snobbiest snobs in Neighbors turn out to be closeted slobs, and it's much funnier as a result.
The good news is that with Neighbors, you get the movie you're promised, and it's funny; the better news is that Neighbors is also so much smarter than that ; its high points far outshine the low ones,
[Rose Byrne] turns in the kind of film-stealing work here that absolutely just *has to* set her on the road to persistent stardom.
A grossout comedy that parties hard
Like a series of bad Saturday Night Live sketches, you keep hoping that the next bit will find the comedic mojo. Instead, one's funny bone remains unmoved.
The kind of movie where one is frequently told to park one's brain at the door. I have no doubt this would help, but even at the door, my brain would have raised objections.
Most of the non-leads are underdrawn but laughs keep coming, only just bouncing this up from three stars to four.
Neighbors, the latest of several movies to use that same title, attempts, yet again, to cash in on culture-clash of ordinary folks vs. wild folks.
Banal riffs on pop culture themes vie for laughs with depressing jokes about tits, balls and dicks. The low-point has Byrne (who I hope was well paid) being "milked" by Rogen. Whatever happened to comedy?
Actually, while the script is strong -- the episodic structure means everyone can improv away without derailing the overall plot, which is just about the two sides going nuts anyway -- it's the four lead performances that lift this up and over.
The brothers of Delta Psi might be projections of the Rogen character's stress and anxiety, like the killer children in Cronenberg's 'The Brood,' a difference being that the frat bros wield bongs and dildos instead of lethal meat mallets.
While I was disappointed this film wasn't as funny as I hoped it would be, the unexpected depth and growth of these vulgar characters elevates this film to a slightly higher level of sophistication than one might expect.
As a leave-your-brain-at-home flick, Neighbors throws enough nonsense about to cook up an adequate stew of laughs and groans within its infantile framework...
There's little to recommend about this ugly descent into depravity.
It's an embodiment of immaturity and an exploration of it, and if it weren't as funny or as sharp as it is, that might have been a problem.
A kind of raunchy coming-of-age movie about grownups, 'Neighbors' touches upon responsibility and the very definition of being an adult.
Rogen continues to toke bongs and crack jokes about dongs, all in an increasingly desperate attempt to extend immaturity into infinity. Maybe it's just me, but having initially been a fan I've grown weary of his pot fueled antics.
Like the beer at a college kegger, Neighbors flows smoothly for much of the time, only spurting and gasping in those moments when it's been tapped dry.
It's basically an episodic off-campus "Hangover" mixed with a generous helping of "Animal House." And it has no reason to work as well as it does, yet you can't stop watching.
A comedy about a fraternity that doesn't underestimate its audience. Sign me up.
The young married couple does something cruel, and then the idiot frat guys next door respond, and back and forth it goes. I laughed, but not uproariously and not often enough.
So there's some welcome self-awareness among the copious weed smoking and dildo fights (Sentences I Never Thought I'd Write, #752 in a series).
The big jokes are hilarious, and there are a lot of them. But the movie's throwaway bits are just as hysterical, sometimes even more so.
Energetic and engagingly stupid, exemplifing outrageous, intergenerational warfare.
More vulgar than funny.
There seemed to be two separate movies running in parallel, and I couldn't shake the feeling that these two halves just didn't fit together properly.
Bloody hilarious...a loud-mouthed, foul-mouthed, low-brow, bong-sucking, shrill frat house comedy that basically exploits the comic potential of what happens when Animal House lands with a thud in suburbia.
The fearlessly energetic Byrne is ready to have a breakout comic starring vehicle to call her own.
It's Apatow without the Apatow, all ornaments and no tree.
Director Nicholas Stoller's first feature, "Forgetting Sarah Marshall," created a deft balance of characters and laughs, but in "Neighbors," that balance is off.
Often laugh-out-loud funny, and from time to time genuinely touching without losing its edge, it's a gross-out film without the grossness, and an excursion into the absurd that makes a salient point.
Forget the presence of Zac Efron. Piercing blue eyes, rock hard abs and inguinal crease aside, Seth Rogen is the draw and Efron is just window dressing.
"When the film does work, which it does with the more comic aspects, it's uproariously funny."
Animal House is considered a classic for a dozen or so routines, but there's more vigor and force here-Neighbors may be the ultimate frat-house comedy.
Some will be underwhelmed by Neighbors' reliance on laughs over substance but most viewers will find plenty to enjoy in its outrageous comedy setups and likable characters.
Laugh-aloud raunchy humor masks messages about adulthood.
Not exactly grand cinema, but there are some good belly laughs.
As as tensions escalate, Teddy and Peter's partnership proves just as central and perhaps more vulnerable than Mac and Kelly's. Score one for growing up.
Would love to have Seth Rogen as a neighbor. He'd be a blast and probably more fun than his movies.
Rogen's always a dominating presence, but [Byrne], who showed her comic chops in Bridesmaids, comes close to stealing the movie here, in an uncorked performance full of volatile, liberating mischief.
In the end, Neighbors is one of those disappointing comedies that was probably more fun to make than it is to watch.
Neighbors contains some hilarious sight gags. But other moments get lost in director Nicholas Stoller's inundation of retaliatory scenes punctuated by shaky camera work and frat-house strobe lights.
One of the great surprises of Neighbors is both the gentle way with which it handles a nimrod party animal like Teddy and how good Efron is at playing him.
Mac and Kelly and their cluelessness about caring for Stella could and should be a major source of humor -- but it's mostly overlooked. Instead, the film treats us to their incessant whining about the responsibilities that come with parenthood.
One of the funniest films of the year,
Perhaps only Seth Rogen could grow up on camera with his most immature comedy to date.
The real innovation here is that the most compelling character in the film isn't a guy at all.
It's gross, all right, but rarely funny -- unless jokes about alcohol-laced breast milk is your thing.
Like KNOCKED UP meets ANIMAL HOUSE, but not in any good way. No more naked Rogen, please.
Neighbors is funny, dangit. And it has something to say as well. Bully on it.
This irresponsible, unfunny film uses cheap sex jokes and foul language as a substitute for humor, aimed at a high school intellect.
"Neighbors" - or more aptly 'get off my lawn: the movie' - is suburbia's worst nightmare: a quiet young family versus the horde of an unruly, perverse and destructive frat house. Equal parts heart and raunch, this latest Seth Rogen gem is all laughs.
Whenever things threaten to veer close to the genuinely twisted instead of the merely R-rated, the movie chickens out, and the script reiterates its themes with the subtlety of a homecoming kegger in a wince-worthy denouement.
We don't ask much of films like Neighbors. If we laugh between a dozen and 20 times, it's a success.
There's a difference between a loose plot that you can have fun with and a loose plot that the actors entertain themselves by constantly jumping out of. Sometimes for a scene as a whole to be funny, you need a cop, not a "funny cop."
There's a blast of raucous energy to this lively comedy that sets it apart from the pack; aside from a willingness to get deeply rude and incorrect, the movie is actually very funny.
This frat comedy is just as profane and fluid-filled as the great popped-collar romps of yore; the absence of queasiness about affection between men makes it decidedly modern.
I miss the days when comedy scripts were lovingly honed, with dialogue that sang not stuttered. But at least Stoller manages to avoid many of the clichés of the raunchy bromance genre.
Neighbors knows the difference between clever and merely tasteless, and brings some solid notions to bear that lend the humor some surprising weight.
Mac and Kelly may still smoke the occasional joint, but their full-tilt 'shroom years are quickly receding, and at the end, they realize they're okay with that.
It's not great - but it is funny. That excuses a lot.
As long as you don't mind the decidedly adult material, 'Neighbors' provides for some spurts of stupid, but big belly laughs as well as occasional bouts of clever and amusing material. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Rogen and his talented co-stars deliver a raunchy but entertaining comic diversion, one that is equally good-natured and bad-behaving.
Neighbors is the funniest film of 2014 to this point.
Maybe if it would have embraced the dark side of parenting, and really let Mac and Kelly go off the deep end like most parents sometimes wish they could, it would have been a more striking movie - and one with something to say.
Its demographic double play aside, "Neighbors" is very good at blending its two kinds of comedy - frathouse raunch and new-parent angst - together into a tight and consistently funny package.
The performances are solid. Rogen does his usual, husky-boy geek thing while Efron seems more comfortable as a dreamboat than as a doctor in last year's Parkland. It's the script that lets them down.
Has some funny moments, but it's not a great movie.
Fortunately, Rogen and Byrne make for an appealingly frazzled and conflicted couple.
It's the most rollicking frat comedy since Revenge of the Nerds II. (Miss you, Booger.)
You laugh a lot. And you don't feel guilty for a second.
The film's structure may be piecemeal ... but the desperate absurdity and absurd desperation of these characters carry it.
All about the riff... larky and goofy, and if you can meet Neighbors in that place (and assuming you have a tolerance for raunchy, R-rated comedy), you can get a nice buzz off of it.
Sometimes a relatively mindless slapstick comedy hits home. With such talent involved here, though, it's fair to expect something more.
I'm not quite sure where the film lost me exactly, but I'm thinking it was somewhere around the latex penis mold-making and the lactating mother scene.
Anyone can throw a stream of broad, raunchy jokes onto the screen and hope they stick, but if there is a real story, identifiable characters, and a beating heart behind them it can smooth over the occasional slack gag and rambling pacing.
Some funny moments, especially a Robert DeNiro-themed frat party, get lost in a tidal wave of stupid humor assuming way too much inherent humor in being a man-boy.
It's Byrne who steals the movie. She is one funny actor, bringing fresh stylings to every film she does.
...a moronic comedy pitched to the lowest possible denominator. No thought was given to anything beyond the initial premise. After that it's all sex, drugs, and people acting like idiots.
It's funny, and often very funny. But "Neighbors" is also, like, way dumb, stretching its running time even at just over 90 minutes, and cruising past some of the tough truths that it initially tries to examine.
Unfortunately, concise comedy gives way to desperation less that halfway through, and we're left with the spectacle of adults embracing extreme immaturity just because they can.
There's no doubt the filmmakers want to make us laugh but, in doing so, they also touch upon a theme that many older viewers will find familiar: the rite of passage from a college party animal to the responsible role of a father or mother.
It lacks some of the left-field comic surprise of last year's This Is The End, but if you're the kind of person who's happy to watch Rogen do his thing, he fits into fatherhood surprisingly well.
What could have been a smart comedy about the battle of the ages too often finds itself in such a loss for anything funny that it resorts to an endless string of jokes about male sex organs.
The humour comes and goes, but what you can't deny is the energy with which everyone involved has abandoned all notions of taste.
Hit or Miss "Neighbors" Only Sporadically Funny
Neighbors is exactly what you'd expect from Seth Rogen; a stoner comedy that makes your lungs ache and your cheeks sore from laughing so much.
This raunchy unrooting of a settled suburban idyll exposes the considerable angst of emerging adulthood with a kind of scatological fervor designed to elicit oodles of inappropriate laughs.
Neighbors is the Animal House for an era in which food fights seem quaint.
The most shocking thing about the hard-R comedy "Neighbors" is that - surprise - it's actually rather endearing.
As a simple story of escalating sabotage, the piece can afford to be meandering and disjointed as long as there's a belly laugh every couple of minutes.
Sure, this could have been a more precise, clockwork script, but I laughed so much that I didn't mind its shagginess.
The calcification and laziness of the all-dude comedy, as well as the need on the part of studios to reproduce The Hangover franchise at any cost, gets a sneaky kick to the balls here.
crazy and often quite clever
Whatever the cause, within the context of Neighbors, a raucous comedy with a sharp edge, Efron's newfound darkness works pretty well.
It may not be on the same street as frat comedies like "Animal House" or "Old School", but it's in the neighborhood.
The most impressive thing about this film is Efron; he has once and for broken free of the Disney, "High School Musical" stigma with this role as a hard-partying frat boy.
[Brings its] raunchy scenario to a payoff that upholds the very middle-class values the movie gleefully profanes.
Though not as comedically energetic or culturally incisive as it could be, the movie squeaks by thanks to the camaraderie of an unlikely duo: Seth Rogen and Zac Efron.
You expect hardcore hilarity from Neighbors, and you get it. It's the nuance that sneaks up on you.
"Neighbors" represents something of a watershed: the moment when all those Judd Apatow bad boys tremble on the edge of maturity, look back, and see the soulless face of a younger generation gaining on them.
Nicholas Stoller was the man who unleashed the unexpected funny in Rose Byrne in "Get Him to the Greek" and pairing her with Seth Rogen as a couple of young marrieds not quite ready to give up on their college years proves her comic abilities once again.
Neighbors just misses making the frat flick honor roll, an exclusive list considering how few great comedies are made about high, horny college kids. Actually, there's National Lampoon's Animal House and that's about it. Short list; tough to crack.
Neighbors is rude, brazen and merrily offensive, and the movie mines the homoerotic undertones of fraternities to fine (if lowbrow) comic effect. But Efron, of all people, gives the film a curious edge.
Everything about Neighbors screams bro... and then a funny thing happens: Rose Byrne comes along and wipes the floor with every man in the cast.
A movie about the unexamined and excruciating phenomenon of "neighbor noise" turns out to be mostly about party envy (and, yes, the other kind of envy, too).
An energetic, hit-or-miss affair.
Neighbors works best when you approach it like those sort of self-important "we're gonna rage!" frat parties you went to in college: occasionally diverting, largely incomprehensible, sometimes kind of vile and far less interesting than it thinks it is.
Amusing enough, but weirdly joyless.
[Rogen] eeks out one more successful variation of his stock immature protagonist. Byrne is an unexpected delight as a fiercely committed, foul-mouthed mother who spits swear words with the force of bullets.
Bros, if you're reading this, you are gonna love this movie.
"Neighbors" is not the classic raunchy comedy it wants to be, but it certainly isn't for lack of trying.
What actually resonates is the relationship between Rogen and Byrne. They completely nail the love/hate dynamic of new parents who view their 30s as both a fresh chapter and a death sentence.
There's a lot of stupid stuff here, but I have to admit, some of that stupid stuff made me laugh hard.
"Neighbors" is a showcase for Rogen and a coming-out party for Byrne. It's a party where we want to stay, until we're dragged out kicking and screaming.
When Rogen and Efron face off against each other, you feel that you're looking at two characters with everything on the line. It's funnier because it's more real.
One part smart, one part stupid and three parts jokes about body parts, the extremely raunchy "Neighbors" is a strange success story.
Frat-boy humor in every sense...a coarse and sloppy gross-out comedy made all the worse by the occasional moments that suggest it could have been something more.
"Neighbors" will no doubt reward audiences who demand little more than a few broad, easy laughs to be entertained, which, after all, describes most filmgoers these days.
For a movie that gets as much mileage as it does out of sex and vomit jokes, "Neighbors" is surprisingly smart about how people behave in uncomfortable situations.
The laughs are pretty thin, and the war between the grown-ups and the frat boys doesn't so much build to a climax as dissipate indifferently.
Many scenes in "Neighbors" are genuinely funny; others are really gross. Many are both. But in the end, the movie's tone and humor are pretty uneven.
Quite possibly the most conventional and conservative comedy featuring two straight dudes engaged in a dildo swordfight you'll see all year.
This is a funny movie in places, but it'll be a whole lot funnier in the YouTube remix that runs 11 or 12 minutes.
A madcap comic extravaganza revolving around a feud between a suburban couple and the fraternity next door.
A high-concept comedy that transcends its gimmick thanks to a witty script, some inventive humor and strong, multi-layered comedic performances.
Hopefully this will be the film that finally earns Rose Byrne the attention she has so long deserved.
If you're looking for "Neighbors" to join "Animal House" in the annals of great frat house comedies, expect to be disappointed. "Neighbors" isn't even on par with "Revenge of the Nerds."
Zac Efron isn't the best or even the most surprising thing about Neighbors, but he is perhaps the most exciting.
"Neighbors" seems to have originated in a butcher shop: It stars a slab of beef and features a whole lot of sausage jokes. To me it looks like a turkey, but it seems poised to bring home the bacon.
Neighbors is a blunt instrument, which will be appealing to some, but when one steps back and considers the possibilities of the premise, the disappointment is crushing.
This is a funny-ass movie. And yes, the use of the term 'funny-ass' is completely justified here.
A status report on mainstream American movie comedy, operating in a sweet spot between the friendly and the nasty, and not straining to be daring, obnoxious or even especially original. It knows how to have fun. How very grown-up.
Do you know who is really funny in Nicholas Stoller's Neighbors? Like, "steal the show" funny? Zac Efron.
Neighbors is a bit of a mess, neither outrageous nor thoughtful enough to compensate for its lack of narrative imagination. But the film is also not without its modest pleasures.
The promo materials implore viewers to vote either #TeamFrat or #TeamFamily on Twitter, though the audience is way more likely to be split between #TeamPecEfron and #TeamByrneBoobsplosion.
Funny, forgettable froth.
Byrne is the movie's MVP, thanks to a script that does what few comedies allow: let the wife earn some laughs.
Nicholas Stoller's raucous comedy is a surprisingly smart tale of people doing dumb things, managing to underpin the revenge antics between two disparate households with a sense of the real world that's waiting for the smoke to clear.
At a certain point, the movie starts to feel like an extended "Saturday Night Live" skit, with not much concern for narrative progression. But few people will complain.
It's a frat-house flick with more on its mind than beer, bongs, and beer bongs. It's also a razor-sharp commentary on desperately trying to remain carefree after the burdens of adulthood have taken over.
This is a very silly movie. And it isn't.
Rogen tries so hard to up the funny, riffing a million miles a minute, you worry that he's headed for a heart attack.
An "Animal House" for the "Hangover" era that doesn't give you quite the same buzz
In terms of fun, it ranks somewhere between a friendly game of beer pong and a raucous toga party.
...a delightfully dirty frat flick which manages to inject a ton of sweetness perfectly into the mix.
You'll laugh if you're young, you'll laugh if you're old.
...behind its filth is this refreshing comedy that plays like gangbusters to both the bro crowd and the married crowd
Neighbors does its duty in out-debauching its predecessors, but does so through a framework that undercuts the nobility of youthful hedonism. It's one of the most adult college comedies ever[...]
Believe it or not, underneath this raucous, riotous squares-vs.-slobs comedy lies a thoughtful character study.
It's a promising setup, but it gets frittered away-partly by narrative laziness (the involvement of other neighbors is dismissed out of hand) but mainly by a flaccid belief in the power of the gross-out.
Consistently, sometimes epically, funny.
Accelerates from one over-the-top set-piece to the next. It's ridiculous, juvenile and very, very funny.
A man and woman get to be best friends in Bad Neighbours, making it the most revolutionary comedy of the post-Apatow age.
Lacks the discipline necessary to make it anything more than a war of improv attrition.
The comedy of attrition is about contrasts. The greater the difference between adversaries, the larger the comedic potential, but Bad Neighbours either doesn't understand this or never knew it.
It's puerile, smutty and packed with huge laughs. But it's the well-drawn and very believable characters who make this so much more entertaining than your usual frat house comedy.
Gags involving plaster-cast penises, obscene topiary and alcohol-laced breast milk won't be to all tastes, but at its slapstick best the film is hilarious.
The premise of a 'nightmare on baby street' is all that keeps the screenplay going, with some late additions of 'this is what it's like to become a parent' and feeling 'older'
There's a whole lot of shaking going on - and I'm not referring only to penis and dildo gags - but the insanity of ideas in what is an outrageous, crude party that broadly explores the divide between youth-inspired excess and adulthood
A mess not by accident but by design. It's meant to be a ton of stuff thrown against the wall in the hope that some of it will momentarily distract you into involuntary laughter.
Sharply directed and with effective comic performances from Seth Rogen and Zac Efron, it has a wit and even an occasional tenderness that belie its near-constant crudity.
It has that tiny glimmer of everyday life beneath its tasteless antics and desire to offend.
A few big laughs but weakly drawn characters mean a film that is enjoyable enough in the moment but then quickly forgotten.
Not since Knocked Up have the horrible and the hilarious made for such winning bedfellows.
The friction between Rogen and Efron is bitterly amusing, especially because Efron remains a likeable guy, and Byrne is amusingly crazy, too.
The film exploits Efron's hairless six-pack. It also exposes his gift for comedy. Still, this is Rogen's show.
Rogen and Byrne spark well together and Efron is an amusingly primped doofus while director Nicholas Stoller keeps the energy going despite scattershot plotting.
Not since Bridesmaids has an American comedy channelled the chortles like what transpires here.
Rogen and Efron are enjoyably yin-yang - one playing a reformed slob who's paranoid that he's sold out, the other a frequently shirtless party boy who gets mean when he runs out of better ideas.
Stupid, irresponsible, sweary, puerile, overloaded with pop culture references, and shamefully funny: Friday night just found its perfect partner.
There is greater truth and insight concerning the human condition here than you might reasonably expect from a foul-mouthed mainstream comedy.
Once or twice the film coaxes a laugh.
"There's never any shortage of chuckles, guffaws and laughing LOLs out loud. I think, at one point, I even chortled. And I don't chortle lightly."
Contains just the right amount of insight into the ways that people of all ages try to deny the inevitable changes that come with getting older.
Efron may have finally found his calling as a sociopathic frat-boy and Rogen and Byrne make for an appealing couple, sharing ample comic chemistry.
Overall, the film is a bit hit and miss and Stoller tends to cross the line, but the neighbours don't outstay their welcome.
After a shaky start, Bad Neighbours blossoms, with inspired visual gags in excellent poor taste.
Bad Neighbours is worth your time for Byrne's potty mouth, Rogen's hairy back and watching Franco and Efron profess their (brotherly) love for each other.
Rose Byrne not only keeps up with a seasoned comedic actor like Seth Rogen, but even steals scenes from him, proving once again that the girls are just as good as the boys when it comes to comedy of the R-rated variety.
An uproarious and hugely commercial vision of intergenerational warfare.
With Neighbors, we laughed until we ached. Then we laughed some more.
It's a disgusting, rowdy comedy with an amazing amount of heart, and if it can make me feel bad for a fraternity, it can truly do anything.
Tight and lean and eminently watchable, like Zac Efron's torso.
Neighbors succeeds at being more than your typical frat house movie, even if it's a strange mix of humor that might lose some along the way.
Not only is it uproariously funny and almost breathtakingly dirty, it is better written than it needs to be on a character level, delivering completely on its premise.
In its current state, Neighbors is filthy, nasty and a bit too sloppy. But it'll scrub up lovely.
Zac Efron gives one of his most credible and intriguing performances in this winningly stupid frat comedy.
Come for the beer pong, stay for the blacklight dance party, and enjoy every minute of this ridiculous fraternity comedy featuring hilariously "broish" performances that embrace every enjoyable stereotype.

@highlight

With plenty of bawdy humor evenly spread between its well-matched stars, Neighbors earns its R rating -- and filmgoers' laughs.