It is all so glorious, and all so frustrating... Resnais fully finds here what he has sought since at least Life is a Bed of Roses in 1983: an unbearable lightness of being.
A glorious mix of comedy and fantasy, Resnais is improving with age, creating characters that probably are a reflection of his view on the world, with his experience and charm.
Although Wild Grass doesn't reach the heights of Resnais' earliest works, it provides ample evidence that the director can still produce vibrant and thrilling work and hopefully will continue to do so through his 90s as well.
A confounding psychodrama that made me laugh in the scenes that were meant to be serious and remain mute in the scenes that were meant to be amusing.
Resnais is having fun here, possibly at the expense of audiences who demand tradition.
... a delightful reminder of the romantic streak and cinematic whimsy still in this 88-year-old cinema elder.
Director Alain Resnais? roundabout romance about missed connections and misplaced intentions is gorgeous to watch but difficult to track.
I recognize the Resnais I love in this movie, poking through here and there, a fumble-fingered god experimenting with his creation: a wobbly, lopsided world warmed by its maker's affection.
Wild Grass is about the randomness of life, and how the meaning behind arbitrary events is incomprehensible and opaque. This also describes what the experience of watching the film is like.
Alain Resnais keeps sprouting marvelous artistic herbage at an age when most of his contemporaries are pushing up grass from a different perspective.
Wild Grass is the vision of Alain Resnais. He suggests that anything can happen in movies. Or in our imaginations.
Resnais' funky, frothy bonbon of a film is nevertheless a breathtaking sight to see.
Wild Grass is nearly the same movie as Amelie, only minus the charm and the appeal.
Wild Grass is a mess, and not in a particularly compelling way.
Camera movements, graphic matches, and strange tonal balances carry a lot of expressive weight in this story about chance encounters, creepy follow-ups, and abrupt changes of heart.
Required viewing only for anybody writing a doctoral thesis on Resnais...
At age 88, Resnais hasn't lost his capacity to confound.
A fanciful exercise in aesthetic and intellectual masturbation?
These are not likable characters, or even ones who seem to have regular contact with Planet Earth.
What can you say: The French sure know how to make pretty pictures.
Resnais is as restlessly, impishly experimental as ever.
Wild Grass might be the strangest film I've seen all year. Maybe all millennium. Is it any good? Quite frankly, I have no idea.
Resnais gives us the occasional delightful dose of whimsy -- yet since so many events are sheer nonsense, the initial delight devolves into a slog.
When a director of his pedigree and years brings so much life to the screen, inconsistency hardly seems to matter.
Every image is an artistic gem, and like a great expressionistic painter Resnais leaves nothing on the table as his vivid imagination runs gloriously wild.
Along with such fantasy elements as rich, primary colors and an ending that suggests we've jumped to some other cinematic dimension, Wild Grass, like compulsive filmmaking, embraces the intensity of subjective experience...
Parts of it are befuddling, but it's a privilege to be befuddled by a film that has been put together with this much insight and precision
In new-wave icon Alain Resnais' chin-scratcher "Wild Grass," the grass is wild all right and apparently smokable.
Wild Grass wants to give us a lot of options and force us to figure things out for ourselves.
At 88, the legendary French director Alain Resnais has earned the right to make whatever movie he wants, even a smug deconstructionist parlor game like Wild Grass. Thankfully, this doesn't require you to watch it.
Logic-huggers won't like it, but I found Wild Grass a prankish, lyrical and captivating experience.
The most infuriating movie I've seen this year, and I saw Marmaduke.
Wild Grass is carefree and anarchic, takes bold risks, spins in unexpected directions.
Smug, self-satisfied narration, a deliberately retro score and dated-looking postmodern touches that have no purpose except to delight people who mistake films featuring self-serving celebrations of cinema with actual great cinema.
We like whimsy as much as the next person, but 100 minutes of idle fancy may be more than most can take.
Technically facile grope at dark romance.
Revered French director Alain Resnais, now nearing 90, proves he still has spring in his step with the irrationally provocative romantic comedy Wild Grass.
It's a fascinating, and baffling movie.
It exhausts its welcome after 10 minutes and keeps exhausting it for 90 more.
"After the cinema, nothing surprises us," the narrator intones, and this is perhaps the only idea that Resnais wishes to gently leave with us.
At first it isn't clear whether the film that unfolds is a thriller, romance, or mystery. As it happens, it is all of the above.
The whole film is very congenial and will no doubt make you want to buy your grandfather a digital movie camera.
I guess we're supposed to think these two are made for each other but ultimately Georges and Marguerite are filmic conceits.
A playful and often infuriating comedy about the impulsive things people do in reaction to something unexpected
I found its high comedy very potent.
Too oblique, too arch.
...while this whimsical film does not seem like the work of a man nearing ninety, it also lacks focus. Or at least Resnais isn't making it easy to be let in on his joke.
Many will be transported by its gorgeous construction and breathless emotion. Others will find it patently ridiculous.
A tiresome whimsy.
Doesn't advance film language, but it does confirm its director as one of the giants of the art.
Wild Grass is a French movie for people afraid of French movies.
Not since the masterful Punch-Drunk Love has a love story been this willfully loopy and beguiling.
A work of playful vigor and youthful wit.
If the film centers on the desire for desire (as Resnais has described it), Wild Grass is also a mash note to filmmaking.
It's no surprise that Resnais's story has a decreasingly strong grip on the real world as it goes
What initially seemed like charming character eccentricities become more obviously random as the plot begins to zig and zag, as though Resnais were spinning a wheel to determine each scene's direction.
Veteran French director Alain Resnais, now 88, certainly keeps us guessing. Who knew he had this fiercely odd yarn of competing obsessions still in him?
Perhaps this is no more than a diversion from the man who made Hiroshima Mon Amour, Muriel and Last Year in Marienbad. But Wild Grass does show us a director as adventurous as ever as he nears 90.
Octogenarian filmmaker Alain Resnais (Last Year at Marienbad) explores notions of chance, routine, the presentation of self, and the odd stuff that can occur when a man meets a woman, at any age.
A playful but minor addition to Resnais's storied resume.
Wild Grass isn't for all tastes, an isolating impact helped along by the puzzling finale, which reward the patient viewer with a conclusion that's certainly interpretive, but mostly ridiculous.
Ever the pop-culture aesthete, Resnais makes wide-reaching references and allusions: He's acknowledged Curb Your Enthusiasm as a partial influence, and includes an onscreen quote from Gustave Flaubert...
It embarrasses just about every other piece of filmmaking around.
The 87-year-old filmmaker's latest is an insufferable exercise in cutie-pie modernism, painfully unfunny and precious to a fault.
A funny, soulful movie about love and other agonies and is among his finest movies in years.
Wild Grass is cute stuff...maybe too cute.
Wild Grass uses all the trickery of cinema to create a very enjoyable and oddly touching tale.
From venerable French filmmaker Alain Resnais comes a trippy, genre-bending meditation on the vagaries of passion that widens the boundaries of cinema, but engages the intellect more than the emotions.
Displays a fertile imagination but is only marginally entertaining.
A wonderfully eccentric offering from Resnais, with fine ensemble performances to match.
Wild Grass is a casual flexing of careworn but finely tuned creative muscles that playfully demands reverence.
It's cheeky and confident, maybe one of the director's finest, and its loopy final line is the cryptic cherry on this oddball gâteau.
Wild Grass is a bit of everything, possibly incorporating a lot of nothing. But it is lovely to see, and not at all like watching grass, even wild grass, grow.
A typically poignant lifestory illuminated by strong turns from Dussollier and Azéma, Alain Resnais' latest is one to stir the brain as well as the heart.
Alain Renais's condensing of Chrisitan Gailly's novel "L'Incident" functions more as a random cinematic lark than it does as a film.
By teasing out the mismatch between the ordinary and the cinematic, Resnais' eccentric farce is slight and profound in equal measure.
Colorful, smart and brought to vivid life via the rich performances.
click to read full review
A delightful French film by Alain Resnais which explores middle-age malaise, chance, limerence, and the impulsive risks some people are willing to take to explore their wildest desires.
Never congeal[s] into an emotionally coherent or compelling whole.
Resnais's film keeps you guessing even beyond the audacious ending.
From legendary French filmmaker Alain Resnais comes this oddball, increasingly unwatchable effort...
Resnais, the oldest (87) director in 2009 Cannes Film Fest, has made yet another amusing fable of morals and manners, populated by eccentric characters, though the film is a minor work in his impressive oeuvre.
Alain Resnais continues his career-long experiment in filmmaking with the playfully flamboyant melodrama Wild Grass.




@highlight

Precious to a fault, Wild Grass finds 88-year-old director Alain Resnais as joyously unconstrained as ever.