...reveals pockets of empathy existing in defiance of Iran's oppressive regime.
Posits an exhilarating, ephemeral sense of cultural inclusiveness
Another no-frills success from one of Iran's most accessible directors.
Engaging, insightful, and crowd-pleasing comedy sports drama.
A plea for cultural evolution that doesn't point fingers, instead only hoping that the next generations will wake up and take the sensible steps towards the future.
A phenomenal work... the sort of satire where reality is its own punchline.
A protest film that disarms the opposition with a feather, not a cudgel...
If you like to see an inspirational sports film, with an amusing spin on the genre, then Offside is well worth the watch.
From the Western perspective, the feisty protagonists' predicament might seem silly, until it gradually sinks in that this treatment is business as usual in a backward land that seems to have gotten stuck in the Middle Ages. Alley Oop lives!
Jafar Panahi's film is disarming because it presents a mostly good natured, at times humorous, approach to issues that are extremely serious.
Exhilarating, exuberant and drolly funny.
A film of masks . . . Droll comedy and wry ironies artfully disguise Panahi's poignant questioning of national pride, governing the public good, and even the sadness mixed in with past victories.
a gem that should not be missed.
The rare Iranian film that is not only thoughtful and thought-provoking but also a lot of fun.
Its ruminations on secular Iranian nationalism are effectively couched within the characters, and the film, which won the Berlin Film Festival's Silver Bear but is banned in Iran, has a refreshing slyness to it, as if it's getting away with something too.
Although the game is not seen, it provides a kinetic, real-time, documentary-like backdrop for a story structured like a game itself, albeit one where neither compassion nor logic apply, and at which everyone loses.
It's not exactly exciting material, but Panahi's gentle humor and sense of realism keep it from becoming dull.
Ultimately, satisfyingly joyous.
If you're seeking a movie that entertains while introducing you to uniquely different ways of life, Offside scores.
Offside is a slow slog through bloated scenes with little happening. Framed and shot like a crude documentary, it proceeds in long, clunky takes, as if an editor couldn't be bothered.
Humanizes the Iranians and shows that they're just as crazy about their sports as Westerners, if not more. If anything, it proves that soccer is truly an international language, providing an arena where anyone can communicate.
With gentle humor, Panahi exposes the camaraderie of these female soccer fans, who thrill to a game they are not allowed to watch.
The film laughs at the absurdity of banning women from stadiums and tells a slight, droll story in the process.
Offside is exactly the sort of movie that George W. Bush and his cohorts in crime wouldn't want you to see.
Panahi's films are the modern equivalent of messages in bottles, hurled out to sea in hopes that those in other, freer lands might see what he sees.
Panahi's films represent an evolution, and Offside is best understood in the context of his body of work.
As in his previous films, such as Crimson Gold, director Jafar Panahi does not embitter his story with acrimony, but lets the absurdity of its situations bear silent witness to the injustices portrayed.
Despite its tiny story, director Jafar Panahi gives Offside a suspenseful, you-are-there quality.
A sociopolitical parable about women's rights in Iran doesn't sound like a thigh-slapper, but Offside scores a lot of laughs while making its ideological points.
[Director] Panahi has perfected the art of realist filmmaking, here turning his camera on scenes that seem more improvised or captured on the fly than staged.
It's a spirited, feisty, bouncy film, with little feel of contrivance.
As funny as it is sharp.
A look at a supposed enemy that resonates with passions very much like our own.
Jafar Panahi of Iran is one of his country's great filmmakers, and Offside is his best movie to date.
The director shoots largely on location -- parts were filmed at Azadi Stadium during an actual match -- and mixes fiction and documentary so deftly we can't tell which is which.
Most of this winning drama shows [girls] bantering with their male keepers, boyish soldiers who don't want to miss the game themselves. Over the crowd's roar, they argue about Islamic prohibitions and the statistics of star players.
Although its message is deadly serious, Offside is almost lighthearted, filled with wit and winning characters.
Panahi has learned how to use natural space, both confined and open, as the foundation for the film. Thankfully, this cinematic process rolls right over any ideas of generic plot.
It's too bad that Hollywood, which is always interested in making another anti-American picture, couldn't make a few showing the consequences of Islamic oppression.
Offside is shocking in its revelation of the legal oppression of women in Iran. This film is also hugely funny.
What's most striking about Panahi's wonderful film is its celebration of the girls' resilience even in the face of such organized and daunting obstacles.
You will probably have a ball with Offside, as you get to know the characters, marvel at their get-ups, share in their boisterous defiance and at last watch them join the celebration.
As the political rhetoric between Washington and Tehran becomes dangerously overheated, Offside offers an intimate antidote: an affectionate glimpse into the cultural schisms that young Tehranis face every day.
This is thought provoking and lots and lots of fun.
Offside may be the ultimate Iranian film: It's both an advance for its director, moving away from his slight political didacticism, and a perfect metaphor for a population that's more liberated than its stone-age sexism would imply.
It's a sports film unlike any other, and a political film that makes the personal profound.
[Light] in tone and at times even funny, Panahi's drama about young women forbidden to attend a soccer match is nevertheless tough to shake.
Obviously there's more than soccer at stake here, with the field standing for the world of ideas itself. How do we dare keep any group from entering? How will we ever succeed at keeping them out? We don't, says this film, and we can't.
The story is good-natured, but Panahi's message is serious: That ludicrous rules turn Iranian women into third-class citizens. And what better way is there to get that point across than through sports and laughter?
Director Jafar Panahi has long been an eloquent and passionate representative for Iranian women. But judging by this deeply poignant comedy, they may not need a mouthpiece much longer.
The great virtue of Offside is that it never degenerates into an us-versus-them situation. [Director Pahani] understands that a repressive system victimizes the oppressors as much as the oppressed.
Greatness is a word often associated with Iranian cinema. But fun? Practically never. Jafar Panahi's exuberant and subversive Offside, however, scores on both points.
A beguiling, deceptively simple slice-of-life drama, shot cinéma vérité style, Offside reaffirms Jafar Panahi's preeminence as one of the most humanistic and socially progressive filmmakers in contemporary Iranian cinema.
The biggest challenge in Offside is not who wins the game, but which daring enough girls manage to sneak into the stadium.
The film's rich, pointed comedy arises from the sense that men and women alike are trapped in an absurd, insoluble predicament.
Offside confounds the viewer in its simplicity, but there's so much going on in its contained universe
The delicately subversive [director] Mr. Panahi makes his subjects perfectly clear -- the stupidity of authority, and the hypocrisy of discrimination. Offside is surprisingly entertaining, and edifying to boot.
The interaction between soldiers and captives becomes a microcosm for an entire culture. It's a wisp of a movie but it has stayed with me longer than much supposedly weightier fare.
For all its implicit politics, Offside is a pure joy; the young women are feisty and lovable. One can even imagine a few imams chuckling through their beards.
There's a commitment to half-improvised, ground-level realism that lends the picture news value and an obvious urgency.
Panahi is exceedingly clever at keeping things varied and deftly drawing characters.
[A] wonderfully funny, outspoken shaggy-dog story.
Panahi has things both ways -- his movie is critical and utopian, cinema verité and political allegory.
This light, personal satire of prejudice and sports, is all the more poignant since no ball is seen in the entire tale; it continues Panahi's exploration of the absurd restrictions imposed on women in contemporary Iran.
Its indictment of Iranian mores is no less incisive than that of The Circle.
Offside is rewarding because rather than telling us what to think about contemporary Iranian society, Panahi invites us to consider its many paradoxes and possibilities.
Tragedy spectacularly laced with hope.
Panahi builds small incidents into a bracing comedy that explores the ambiguity and inconsistencies of his country's laws controlling barriers between the sexes.
Cet effort parfois maladroit dans sa propre prudence n'inspirera sûrement pas le débat de société qu'il cherche à créer
Sweetly affecting... The girls' plucky rebellion and camaraderie escape in tiny episodes that subtly reflect upon the ridiculousness of Iranian law.
A powerful depiction of rebellion, as well as a portrait of communication as a force capable of eradicating personal and cultural barriers.
A funny, poignant, and jubilant Iranian film about some passionate female soccer fans that ends with a mystical moment of oneness.
The comically-tinged suspense and technical brilliance of certain moments never grow out of anything organic as in the great Panahi/Kiarostami collaboration Crimson Gold.
full review in Greek
It never has it in itself to move beyond or truly ignite its own highly expressive subject.
It's a very frank film about the daily frustrations for women who just want to enjoy their lives. It's a comedy, but of a fairly bitter sort.
Offside is comic and exuberant, bold and resilient.
A spirited rebuke of the political and social restrictions faced by women in Iran.
Jafar Panahi's wonderful Offside uses soccer to speak volumes about the gulf between Iran's religious rulers and its citizens -- especially the women.
A quietly intelligent and humorous alternative look at football, pop culture and the position of women.
The amateur ensemble cast and superb satire make this one of the best football films going.
Panahi's handheld cameras show both the hypocricy of the anti-feminism of old-school Iran and the new breed of young women ready to challenge that state as they rabidly cheer for their country's national team.
A bright and often bold comedy that presents a difficult subject matter -- that of the struggle for women's rights -- in a fresh and entertaining way.


@highlight

A spirited film that explores gender politics with comedy, intelligence, and a variety of interesting characters.