If Nine Inch Nails, Swans and Ministry ever loomed large in the landscape of your imagination, Anderson's gloomy aesthetic may exert a sour but lingering pull.
Until now Bale's screen persona has been defined by a graceful athleticism; here his physicality is repellent, yet he carries the occasionally creaky plot of Scott Kosar's unsettling screenplay to a resonant finish.
A brilliant, harrowing performance by Bale.
It's not necessarily a fun or loveable picture, but it is interesting and entertaining.
With time as a buffer, it's now easier to see The Machinist for what it is: a labyrinthine leap down the rabbit hole into a nightmarish wonderland.
A brilliant psychological horror story, and excellent direction...
Here, shorn of every ounce of body fat, Bale is laid open like an autopsy specimen, and he easily gives his best performance.
Bale is superb as Trevor, able to not only convey the wasted person within, but to avoid making his physical appearance the only thing we care about or notice.
Um angustiante pesadelo que, trazendo Bale numa performance corajosa e repleta de auto-sacrifício, funciona como um estudo poético sobre os extremos da culpa.
Christian Bale starves himself to near-death proportions in this trippy, creepy film about insomnia in the workplace.
full review in Greek
It's a somber, sometimes slow-slithering dark piece that's heavier on style than substance, but it all works.
An intelligent, well-crafted picture.
A few scenes into the gloom and you'll have a good idea what is generally up, if not the specifics, making the journey toward the eventual, inevitable twist fairly one-dimensional.
One can't deny the dubious appeal of the spectacle of the skin-and-bone Bale, quite possibly endangering his health for the sake of his art.
An absorbing and eerie study of paranoia and psychological torment.
Kosar has ... constructed an exercise in existentialism that is so literal it's a true feat that he was able to reign it all back in for the somewhat tidy ending of this film.
It's like a film the Coen Brothers would have made, back when they still made good movies.
replacing phrase "going De Niro" with the phrase "going Bale" in many vocabularies
A clever, taut thriller that will have everyone guessing right up to its avant-garde conclusion.
Anderson's use of lighting, editing, sound design, and score hit just the right nerve endings, creating a film that keeps turning over in your mental gears for days afterward.
Some people will pick up the clues early in The Machinist and some won't. I got some, not all, but I remained unengaged throughout, largely because of the film's deliberateness, which feels like lack of passion.
A chance for Bale to show off his new lean look for what the filmmaker mistakenly thinks is art.
A gimmick with no real payoff.
Christian Bale gives his best by giving less in this nightmare tale of a machinist who is one tool short of the full set.
The performances are nothing short of superb - Bale's skeletal form alone is likely to be the most haunting visual image of the year.
Director Anderson weaves a creepy little web of intrigue and misdirection and The Machinist is mostly entertaining and clever.
Mark Twain said that Wagner's music isn't as bad as it sounds. The Machinist isn't as good as it looks. But Bale's fever-dream performance is otherworldly great.
Bale's performance has the emotional weight to substantiate this body-art spectacle, ranging from prickly self-righteousness through panicked self-doubt to morbid self-pity...
The Machinist doesn't offer large rewards beyond Bale's presence and its vague atmosphere of dread, but those are enough.
This bleak exercise in paranoia is somewhat thin on 'entertainment value,' but it's heavy enough on mood to warrant spending a few hours inside Reznik's skin.
You'll join the dots in Anderson's thriller within the first five minutes - a real crying shame since Bale deserved much more for his pound -- or 63 -- of flesh.
You can't stop thinking about how awful Bale looks-partly because his transformation is so unnerving, but also because the film doesn't give you anything else to think about.
An unsettling psychological thriller despite being composed of old, familiar parts, the film has an atmosphere that's as scary and tense as anything else this year.
Watching The Machinist can be a chore, as it requires absolute attention from the viewer. But don't let that scare you away.
Too derivative to earn a strong recommendation
[Bale's] haunted, sunken-eyed look will stay with you for days.
[Bale's] is a great performance, full of commitment and sacrifice, and The Machinist is one of the year's best films.
The Machinist doesn't take us to a happy place. For those who appreciate true mind-bending grit, though, this is the bedeviled place to be
Bale's body-sacrificing performance is worth catching, even if the story is as thin as he is.
The film is admirably atmospheric but it ultimately loses its nerve and is revealed as just another comforting lesson in redemption.
The trouble with the movie is that its dramatic content is almost as thin as Reznik's extremities, and nearly as obvious as the ribs that poke through his skin.
A product of precision engineering, a compact model of bare-bones efficiency.
...more freak show than creep show.
A generic Twilight Zone-type thriller
It's one of those movies that you admire more than you enjoy, but Anderson and Kosar are clearly talents to watch.
It's well made and involving, and Bale is obviously committed to bringing this desperate character to life.
A stunt that didn't merit Bale's startling, and dangerous, transformation.
It begins dark and depressing, but ends up merely dull.
It is well worth enduring for the performance of Bale.
Bale's weight loss is no acting gimmick, but merely the most extreme aspect of what is truly an astonishing performance.
Bale is totally convincing, if not especially endearing, as the sleep-challenged title character. If it's true that Oscar can't resist a likable actor in a self-punishing role, this one is going to be hard to top come February.
The physical terror, at the very least, makes the intended impact. That's more than can be said for this well-crafted, but overall unremarkable psychological thriller.
Though Bale deserves all the credit that can be heaped at his feet ... there is far more to this sinister psychological thriller than just exhibiting Bale's emaciated form.
It would be easy to accuse Bale of a warped kind of egomania if his performance wasn't so mesmerizing.
Anderson definitely has a flair for creating a diffuse sense of fear, paranoia, and mental illness onscreen.
It is not for everyone -- it is difficult to watch, sad to contemplate and not altogether successful. Nonetheless, it is worth seeing for Bale's performance.
Low-budget, high-shiver horror film is anchored by Christian Bale's unsettling portrait of insomnia.
The problem with relying on a second viewing is that, the first time out, it's really tough to identify with Reznik in any way.
Trevor Reznik. Machinist. Insomniac. A man wracked with guilt who can only find redemption ... in the Twilight Zone.
The story, which should strip down scarily like Reznik, starts to bulge and wander pretentiously.
Mainly this is all Bale's show. He is strangely sympathetic, taking us right into Trevor's pain without any special pleading.
A superior exercise in mood and atmospherics, a drama that springs from a place of deep disturbance.
A powerful, accomplished movie that lingers.
A pretentious, sadistic film.
A foreboding, noir-bending film of visceral, internalized tension and confusion.
Wish it all added up to more than a stock morality play.
The secret to the appeal of The Machinist is director Brad Anderson's ability to sustain an off-balanced, discombobulated mood throughout the film.
If grimly atmospheric studies in alienation are your cup of tea, you should find director Brad Anderson's dark brew especially tasty.
It's an overly calculated, schematic graph of a script that eliminates the things we go to the movies to experience: interesting characters, a story we can relate to, an emotional release.
While it's hardly a great movie, thanks to Bale's remarkable performance it's a genuinely creepy and engrossing one.
A relentless and painful reminder of concentration camp terrors and famine relief operations.
Although the primary plot line turns out to be a letdown, there are aspects of The Machinist that redeem it. Bale's performance is one; another is the dull, metallic look of the picture.
The director Brad Anderson, working from a screenplay by Scott Kosar, wants to convey a state of mind, and he and Bale do that with disturbing effectiveness.
Interesting premise, terrific performance, shocking transformation - the image of Christian Bale's skeletal appearance will stay with you long after you leave the theatre.
If the intent of Anderson, Bale and Kosar is to create empathy for their tortured character and synesthesia with his madness, then they succeed many times over.
It's a carefully layered, tautly directed and superbly acted psychological thriller.
A moody psychological thriller with a stunning performance by Christian Bale at its core.
The thing we most dread is that this existential mystery will have an unsatisfying resolution, and in this case, our worst fears are realized.
Christian Bale delivers one of the most astounding performances of the year in this exceptionally written psychological thriller. **
Smacks of a movie made by people who've spent a lot more time watching movies than absorbing them.
Needless to say, Bale goes the extra mile for the role of title character Trevor Reznick.
Anderson's effort here isn't bad, but, as measured on the scary-intruder index, this is more of a front-porch flick. Movie over, it's not hard to shut the door on it.
Riveting not only for its visuals ... it's also riddled with amusing metaphors.
Anderson struggles to maintain an emotional connection, but he crafts a remarkably sure-handed little thriller.
There's no avoiding getting overwhelmingly hooked on this character, and ready to follow him into whatever nightmare realm.
Don't know about you, but I'm going out for some prime rib, a pitcher of beer and some kind of whipped cream desert. And, Mr. Bale, you're invited to join me!
Bale's complete immersion into Trevor's afflicted soul and Sharin's southern fried freak make the descent into paranoia worth the journey.
It's more of an idea, like the premise for a Twilight Zone episode or the skeleton of a 20-minute short film awkwardly stretched to feature length.
This is more than just a talented guy losing some (okay, a lot) of weight, it's a fully realized characterization full of depth and emotional complexity growing in both intensity and power as the movie progresses.
Anderson and Bale build something that only sounds like a chore: a character study as its own prison
Give Anderson credit for at least sustaining a mood.
The movie is ingeniously designed. It is also repulsive and I wish I hadn't seen it.
A stylish but fatally shallow puzzler that suggests a Twilight Zone episode filmed on the leftover sets of Seven.
Psychological suspense at its finest.
Not the most entertaining thriller you'll sidle up to, but its relentlessly grim tale has that timeless car crash quality.
There is more to Bale's performance than the stick figure physique. Trevor is a man literally being consumed with angst, eyes hollow, posture stooped and mouth agape.
Elegant and shatteringly creepy.
[A] powerful evocation of guilt, anxiety, and incipient insanity...
Next year, everyone will know him as Batman, but this year Christian Bale wants us to know he can act. Mission accomplished.
Stylishly grim and nervously intriguing for most of its running length, but concludes with an underwhelming, derivative whimper.
It is tortured and it's consistently fascinating.
Christian Bale delivers an expert performance...
Although a bit erratic, this creepy and distinctive thriller is held together by an amazing performance by an almost unrecognizable Christian Bale and the unique visual style and tone of director Brad Anderson.
Imagine if the twist in The Sixth Sense had turned out to be something as depressingly ordinary as, say, Bruce Willis' character never having been a licensed psychologist.
Bale is skeletal, magnetic, mesmerizing in this adult horror tale.
The film's persuasively doom-haunted atmosphere and star Christian Bale's astonishing transformation into an emaciated walking skeleton are hypnotic, in a roadkill, rubbernecking sort of way.
Christian Bale gives his all for his art in The Machinist.
Though the film starts slowly, it unfolds irresistibly, thanks mainly to Bale's full-bodied, soulful performance.
This is not a horror film, but it is horrifying.
A meticulously complex story of guilt and paranoia.
Anderson gives The Machinist a sickly noirish look that contributes to the creeping horror -- but it's the emaciated Bale's spectral presence that leaves the imprint.
Anderson does keep a fairly predictable, deeply depressing plot line engrossing for most of the way.
As flashbacks show Trevor at other moments, when his head is slightly less scrambled and his body less eaten away, the film is never not about process.
Watching it, I kept wondering: What, exactly, is the point? The movie sustains its ominous hum, but in the end, it doesn't really give you all that much to think about.
Bale's brilliance in the role lies not only in the fact that he starved himself for months but that he fully inhabits this wasted, paranoid man.
Bale, always a nervy, risk-taking actor, gives a haunting performance of fierce concentration that goes beyond his dramatic weight loss.
Christian Bale's 63-pound weight loss makes this bleak thriller one of the few movies to scale the barrier between chilly fantasy and authentic cinematic nightmare.
Effectively weirded-out chiller about a factory worker who may - or may not - be a cold-blooded killer. Bale is brilliant.
This ultimately disappointing picture is suitably dingy-looking, intermittently scary, and boasts a nice, creepy score complete with theremins and Bernard Hermann-esque bass accents.
The Machinist is a beautifly haunting - chillingly stark - film that places you knee-deep within an oblique nightmarescape a strange and troubled man is experiencing.
Bale provides us with images that we won't soon forget. The script, however, is never nearly as good as the film's indelible images.
The Machinist gave me a more thoughtful than usual walk to my car.
A grimy, excessively art-directed psychological horror flick.
Although The Machinist may at times seem to be derivative of those films, and is inferior to them, it is nevertheless a harrowing experience for those to whom this sort of story appeals.
Covers familiar ground with elegance, teasing out its twists and turns in a way that seems natural rather than contrived.
As its stricken hero's prominently posed copies of Kafka and Dostoyevsky suggest, the movie takes itself more seriously than it should.
A fairly standard issue psychological thriller, although Christian Bale's physical transformation for this film is truly astonishing.
Reduces tragedy to a mere punch line, and as such its lead character exists less for himself and more for the gratification of the Memento fan club.
Anderson tightens the screws of suspense, but it's Bale's gripping, beyond-the- call-of-duty performance that holds you in thrall.
Even in a time when weight gains and losses in the service of a role have become commonplace, Bale has accomplished an astonishing change.
Bale's performance, which is more than merely his physical transformation, keeps you in the story, even during its more surreal moments.
Pic's integrity is clinched by Bale, whose haunted, aggressive and finally wrenching performance gives The Machinist a strong anchor.
Director Brad Anderson is clearly going for more of a '70s character study vibe rather than that of a thriller, a decision which absolutely works.
Worth a look just to see the frighteningly thin Bale, and some nice washed-out photography from Xavi Giménez.
Anderson builds up suspense quite brilliantly, using a deliberate pace that draws the viewer into Trevor's strange world.
Nowhere near so frightening as it pretends to be.
...one of the better movies that I've seen so far this year.
A fractured puzzle of a film that continually toys with our expectations, yet never lets us see its entire hand until Anderson wants us to
The Machinist manages to forge something fresh and unique while clearly showcasing some affection for the film noirs and the twilight zones that came before.
In its very calibrations, from Scott Alan Kosar's edgy, spooky script to Anderson's provocative visualizations of Trevor's disintegrating mind-set, The Machinist is a gem.


@highlight

Brad Anderson's dark psychological thriller about a sleepless factory worker is elevated by Christian Bale astonishingly committed performance.