The bullet ballets are terrific, the mano-a-mano stuff almost as good as the Raid movies.
Keanu Reeves' best work since The Matrix... [Full review in Spanish]
... style makes man (and the murderer). [Full review in Spanish]
There are clear plans for a John Wick: Chapter 3, but unless they refocus on meaningful characters and dramatic conflict beyond slaughter, I will not be there to watch it.
Definitely not as good as John Wick one, but if you're a fan you will definitely love this movie.
In this cinematic space woven of pure genre, Reeves' Nietszchean hero is all at once entrapped victim, avenging angel and ruggedly individualistic rebel.
I look forward to the third part. [Full review in Spanish]
... action sequences as sublime and precise as hilarious and brutal... [Full review in Spanish]
Two hours of nihilistic, non-stop violence with barely a plot and one of the most annoying music scores of all time. It makes me weep for our future.
The best of John Wick 2, and the franchise in general, comes when everyone involved focuses on doing what they do best. [Full review in Spanish]
Rather than merely retreading the well-worn and bloody path of the first film, "Chapter 2" opens with a mythos, showcasing an international realm of intrigue.
Reeves as Wick isn't much in the dialogue department, but the actor excels here with complex fight choreography that is mesmerizing to watch.
[John Wick 2] is a clever extension into the world we were teased with in the first - filled with gold bullions, luxury hotels for assassins, and lots of insane fighting.
John Wick: Chapter 2 obliterates its predecessor and is one of the greatest American action films of the decade
John Wick 2 verges on perfection thanks to the choreography orchestrated by the filmmaker. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Chad Stahelski's highly anticipated sequel more than delivers on its promise to be not just a great action movie, but a great movie. Period.
It might not do much to your brain, but it'll certainly set your heart racing. If you're in the mood for blood, Wick is your pick.
In the same vein as the movie's excessive themes, John Wick: Chapter 2 should be called a modern action classic.
I rather like the noir-ish comic-book touches, but the killings are endless and the plot paper-thin.
Just as good if not better than its predecessor
In 2017, Chapter 2 is a triumphant return for cinema's coolest action anti-hero.
Add some pitch black humour, a great supporting cast, nods to 60s super spies and a psychedelic mirror-walled showdown, and it is all great.
It's beautiful, obsessed with surfaces, and drenched in blood, and the results couldn't be more striking.
We all know the movie is preposterous, so it doesn't have to wink at us.
John Wick: Chapter 2 delivers another full-throttle round of brutal, beautiful violence.
... despite its dependence on the original, "John Wick: Chapter Two" is top shelf revenge as stylish as the protagonist.
If you liked the first one, you'll positively love this next instalment in the straight-faced action franchise starring Keanu Reeves as a hitman who absolutely everybody wants to kill.
Powering it all is Reeves as Wick, a hitman who wants nothing more than to leave the life behind yet seems born to it, so at home on the hunt and under fire that it seems to give him purpose.
Everything from the choreography to the cinematography is a conscious, well-executed decision. It's the kind of control and dedication to the craft that make John Wick: Chapter 2 such a worthy successor to the first.
In the end it's a shallow sort of fun, a flimsy facsimile of the first film's frenetic genius. Perhaps this was an action movie that didn't need a sequel, after all.
Stahelski and his crew have drawn on their creative juices to craft action scenes that don't feel repetitive. There's something a little different about each one.
I wasn't a huge fan of the recently-released Free Fire, but having now sat through John Wick: Chapter 2, UK director Ben Wheatley's virtuosic 70s warehouse shootout feels like War and Peace.
Reeves' grim perseverance sometimes feels like it's in a different film to the vivid brightness splashed around him.
Roman catacombs, classic artworks, neon-lit nightclubs and a mesmerizing hall of mirrors are the stunning backdrops for a sublimely choreographed, sophisticated ballet of brutal killings in this John Wick sequel.
Once again stunt man-turned-auteur Stahelski orchestrates scene after scene of gracefully choreographed carnage.
It's too long and unfocused compared to the concentrated simplicity of the first film.
Although perhaps not for all audiences, John Wick: Chapter 2 is everything an action fan could wish for.
Turns sticking with what works into an action opera that knows when to dazzle with a symphony of shoot-outs, but also knows when enjoying Keanu's menacing presence is enough.
It's a more audacious, visually adventurous effort, matching expertly choreographed knife-to-the-balls Wickian ultraviolence with strikingly Baroque, even hallucinatory, mise-en-scène.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is a big, angry, joyous sequel that more than earns its place alongside its predecessor.
Basically this is a film about nothing, but you could also call it art for art's sake, with some of the most elegant action since the 1980s heyday of Walter Hill.
The return of a perfectly-cast Keanu Reeves as the title character -- a black-suited, blank-faced assassin with a peculiarly colourful code of ethics -- is nothing short of a trashy triumph.
A balletic murder-opera, John Wick Chapter 2 ups the ante and expands the universe of the original sleeper hit. Deliver us Chapter 3 immediately, Keanu.
The film has a cheeky aesthetic of comics. Impressive production design and overwhelming visual effects. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that reinforces a very realistic contempt and a certain 'slapstick' spirit in the comic substrate of many situations. [Full review in Spanish]
A run-on sentence of gun-fu prose.
Keanu Reeves is to back to shoot heads and glower in the inevitable follow-up to the 2014 surprise hit, John Wick.
... (a few) fight sequences go on a bit too long... expanded to feature how far the guild's reach actually goes... it's a treat of production design - can we call this Noir-Punk?
John Wick: Chapter 2 isn't perfect. Doesn't matter. It's fantastic.
A righteous follow-up that's bigger and maybe not better, but just as good as its predecessor.
It's bigger, better, funnier and even more stylishly violent. But it's still thematically concise: Vengeance. Reprisal. Retribution. Wrath. Consider the Old Testament righteously evoked.
The bounty on Wick's head that turns the hit man's life into a nonstop epic battle gives the story an expressionistic, existential underpinning: Isn't living under a death sentence an extreme metaphor for what all of us do?
Retains most of what was good about the original, while ramping up the action to a more exciting level (Splice Today)
Director Chad Stahelski and writer Derek Kolstad reteam with star Keanu Reeves for John Wick: Chapter 2, a surprisingly necessary sequel to their left-field 2014 action success.
A vast improvement over 2014's John Wick...
Unlike so many films of its type, this is one of the rare times when the idea of another sequel feels more like a promise than a threat.
In its genre and style has the requirements to fulfill as entertainment, even the end leaves an open possibility for a third delivery.[Full review in Spanish]
The plot may be banal or even if you're not a fan of action films, this one it's above many other movies of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
The original film... was adored by many, but it simply is not everyone's cup of celluloid. And this sequel is not going to broaden its appeal. It will however seriously satisfy fans of the first film.
As [he] cuts a swathe through his enemies, there isn't the zoomed-in quick-cutting that action movies so often deploy to whip up a sense of excitement. Instead, the camera simply hangs back to let us see Wick in full flow and admire his fatal handiwork.
An adrenaline-pumping blockbuster polished to near perfection, save its sequel-baiting conclusion.
Chapter 2 is this series' The Empire Strikes Back, if that movie had a running gag about murdering people with pencils.
Stylish and slick, it's a ballet of violence.
This wick is far from burnt out, as John Wick: Chapter 2 serves up another helping of brutal fun.
The real star of the film remains Reeves's face, which becomes bloodied and riddled with cuts and yet remains completely imperceptible. It suggests a rich inner life and aids the plot's philosophical pretensions.
The way the world is right now we need all the popcorn escapism we can get and this one is a slam-bam knockout.
As wonderfully crafted as they are (and for me the choreography knocks La La Land into a cocked hat), there's always a danger the violence could become a bit numbing. Thankfully, the film-makers know precisely when to puncture the killing with comedy.
John Wick was a surprise hit that might just be the best action movie of the decade. Its sequel could end up becoming a contender for second-best.
A pulp fiction flick of almost operatic grandeur, Chapter 2 yields one helluva good time at the matinee. Have a blast.
John Wick: Chapter 2 succeeds in building upon the foundations of the first film, being an enhanced version of the original in every way, giving us a more insightful look at both Wick and the world around him, while ratcheting up the action to 11.
It's jam-packed with comic-book conceits presented with the brisk drollness of Terry Gilliam.
I think it's more than fair to point out that fans may miss the emotionally driven and epic purity of its action-packed predecessor.
John Wick laid out the basics of its codified criminal community, but Chapter 2 builds from them an intricate world that has the claustrophobic quality of any professional industry.
Another superb mix of cool imagery and coherent action.
The effect is a little bit like a diet of cake and ice cream. You thought you wanted it. Yet you yearn for the broccoli of conversation and characterisation.
When it comes to choreography, the spunky dreamers of La La Land have nothing on the death dances Reeves leads. This movie's balletic brutality and relentless pacing are breathtaking. Or maybe that's just a No. 2 pencil shoved in my throat.
The funny thing about John Wick: Chapter 2 is that it's the exact same movie as John Wick: Chapter 1-- and yet somehow manages to work almost as well.
There's an art to this; at times, the 'John Wick' movies are less narratives than dance recitals.
This is John Wick we're talking about. It is said that he once killed three men in a bar with a pencil (a pencil!).
While it may not be quite as slick and polished as the first instalment and its occasionally over-the-top gags will not sit well with some, John Wick: Chapter 2 knows what fans want and it undoubtedly delivers.
It is such a hoot, watching him shoot everyone in the nightclub. He shoots them in the face, under the chin, through the temple. Blam! Blam! Blam! Screams! Gore! Death!
Overall, John Wick: Chapter 2 is a fantastically enjoyable follow-up to one of the best action films of recent years.
An action film that shows the genre at its gruesome, graceful best.
One fundamental problem is that John Wick is well-nigh indestructible. That means the element of threat simply isn't there.
If Neo reunited with Morpheus in a two-hour John Woo/Hugo Boss/Gillette advert floats your boat, this bloody, gruesome, dumb, daft and really good fun movie is ready and waiting.
Squeamish need not apply, but - as with the original - there's more on offer than just over-the-top, video game-style violence.
I wasn't a fan of John Wick which gave Keanu Reeves a new lease of life as an inscrutable, invincible action man. John Wick: Chapter 2 is even more ridiculous.
Chapter 2 will pass a Friday or Saturday night as mindlessly as its predecessor.
The movie's exceptional second half closes in on establishing its lead as the defining action antihero of the decade. "Chapter 3" just might get him there.
Even before the hour mark the film has become too predictable and while Reeves gives it socks, his mirror-in-the-attic magnetism and unique gift for making an eight-course meal out of every line can only go so far.
Stupidly enjoyable as all this is, by the time this Wick burns out, you might actually be wondering if there is such a thing as too much.
A sequel is entirely welcome, and Chapter 2 does its job entirely ably, without exactly doing much overtime.
Look at it like a dance movie and you'll find choreography that puts recent musicals to shame. La La Land can suck it.
An impressive film due to the spectacular nature of the images, but above all because of Stahelski's decision to accompany his protagonist from the back and prolong the scenes beyond the usual cut. [Full review in Spanish]
John Wick: Chapter 2 Raises The Bar On American Action.
This sequel doesn't show us anything new about John Wick. The plot provides excuses for a lot of gun fights, fist fights and knife fights that go on and on. It is ultra violent and ultra senseless.
The run-shoot-kick-stab schtick gets numbing, but it is impossible to fault Stahelski's attention to detail -- which was the last action movie you saw in which shooters had to reload their weapons?
John Wick: Chapter 2 will make any action film fan feel a sense of nostalgia for that 1990s action death cinema. Everything is balls-to-the-wall, in-your-face, non-stop action that will leave you begging for more.
One-ups the original in almost every way while retaining the original's scrappy spirit & surprising wit - a rare sequel that expands its universe while keeping its new thrills and twists in step with the themes that allowed so much fun the first time.
It's all relatively loopy and there isn't a bone of rationality to be found within, but there's plenty of action and, when done right, you don't really need much else, right?
Keanu Reeves is at his best when playing a mysterious man of few words. Plus the action scenes are almost believable as he is constantly reloading his weapons.
Compared to the massive scales of CGI'd blockbusters, John Wick and its sequel offer more cohesive doses of ferocious thrills.
Reeves, still fearsomely agile and adroitly deadpan at 52, is a perfect fit for the material: adorned in cleverness, yet ultimately basically very simple.
It works for the simple reason that the characters take the rules of their world seriously, even if we find them preposterous.
Part rehash of the first film, part expansion of its bizarro universe, it treats its plot like a trifle, serving little more than to thread together some indecently entertaining action.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is the apotheosis of a 3 a.m. cable wallow. And loving it doesn't corrupt you.
Despite the long takes and the wide angles, the traumatic violence looks like expertly realized C.G.I., combined with elaborately sampled stunt work.
The violence escalates: alongside the filmmakers' insistent world building, every splay of limb and brandish of weapon is acrobatic and emblematic, "gun-fu," as the makers jokingly dubbed their masterful centripetal urgency.
A fun, frenetic action picture.
John Wick is back! Bloodier, deadlier, and more awesome than ever! John Wick: Chapter 2 nearly doubles the kill count the first film had and its white knuckled, fast-paced action knows how to dropkick your adrenaline into overdrive.
The Raid movies make the John Wick films look like outtakes from Driving Miss Daisy by comparison. But NRA members are best advised not to leave the K-Y at home.
John Wick: Chapter 2 works well by letting the audience laugh at such excesses, reminding us that there is a fine line between a punch and a punchline.
If Kolstad and Stahelski repeat themselves on a couple of occasions, they make up for it by setting the mayhem in stylized environments.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is one righteous MOFO of a movie.
To give Stahelski due credit, he brings an undeniable artistic flair to the action movie, as co-director of the 2014 hit John Wick, and as the solo director of this stylish sequel, which picks up where the first one left off.
Director Stahelski cements his status as an audaciously talented newcomer worth keeping an eye on, and whatever he decides to do next rest assured I'll be first in line to give it a look.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is an enjoyable enough expansion on the first film. But its final-act setup for John Wick: Chapter 3 is more trying than promising.
The action scenes are as mesmerizing as ever, providing the same satisfaction as watching an expert chef or artist at work.
...will make even the most hardened action fan wince.
The John Wick movies capture, better than any other action movies, the peculiar feeling of being an American in the 21st century: blessed with immense power but always kinda bummed out about it.
The many long, exhausting fight scenes in "John Wick: Chapter 2" are captured in sustained takes and vivid backgrounds unique to the personality of each scene.
While I confess that I'd like to see Wick diversify his tactics beyond dropping opponents in armbars and shooting them in the ribcage or head repeatedly, I cannot deny that it's satisfying every time.
This is "more of the same" but, at least in this case, that's a good thing.
This outlandish and violent series is at its best when its fight scenes are both savage and inventive.
Was I the only critic to praise John Wick? JW2 is more of the same, different dog.
Assassin action sequel is thrilling but very bloody.
John Wick 2 may not be as wickedly fun as the first iteration, but what it lacks in freshness is made up for in an increase in scope, all without losing its moxie.
There is little in this film apart from Reeves graphically shooting one person after another in the head for 2 hours. It's disgraceful that Hollywood keeps foisting movies that have no other purpose than to desensitize people to bestial brutality.
Any pulp flick can make a man bleed. John Wick smartly keeps the focus on this universe's crazy culture.
This week's guilty pleasure.
John Wick: Chapter 2 delivers plenty more of what fans want, while fleshing out the property's mythology and lore in fascinating ways.
If the outline is more ordinary, the movie still scores big with its not-quite-real world.
Miss those brawny action movies of the '80s? Here's why John Wick: Chapter 2 would fit right in with films with Stallone, Schwarzenegger and co.
By the time the end credits roll, the toughest choice was wanting to see it again or start counting down for Chapter 3.
John Wick's world is dangerous and not one you'd really even want to visit, but it sure is fun to observe from the relative safety of a darkened theater.
There are some amazing action scenes...But by upping the mayhem, punches, kicks, gunshots and, ultimately, the body count, the film starts to lose some of its punch. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
There's more detail about Wick's secret world here, more pulp fun. Maybe more dead bodies, too, but who can keep track of that?
John Wick 2 is old money for a new generation. An explosive, well-organized action movie. We no longer need James Bond. Our new dressed to kill cinematic savior is John Wick.
It's hard to be subjective, but I rate it four snapped necks, three pencils in the head, two slashed forearm arteries in a big Roman thermae and one dagger to the aorta, if that helps.
A worthy sequel to the best American action film of the 2010s.
You would not expect a sequel to a Keanu Reeves shoot-em-up to be one of the more engrossing and beautiful films of the year, but hey, it's 2017 - there have been a lot of surprises.
revisits all those elements that were so very right in the first film, and ... amps up into another violent flight of fancy replete with exquisitely choreographed mayhem and a suitably black sense of humor.
The stunt settings are imaginative, including ancient Roman catacombs and an art installation that is like a super-sized funhouse mirror display.
John Wick 2 continues to prove that Stahelski's series is a superior big-screen killing machine. Bring on Chapter 3.
Here's the problem with avenging angels: after a while, their invincibility gets both boring and silly, and the viewer starts pining for something recognizably human.
In the wrong hands, this type of thing could be a drag, but "John Wick 2" is one of the most fun action pictures in recent memory.
A symphony of violence, a ballet even, and the visuals are abstracted to the surreal.
Dragged down only slightly by a lack of resolution and less of the original's aura of hushed mystery, John Wick: Chapter 2 nonetheless delivers everything most fans could want.
For better or worse -- though mostly for better -- it's a full-scale assault on the senses, constantly pushing itself to greater feats of excess.
Holding the torch passed from '80s and '90s John Woo classics, director Chad Stahelski delivers an epic ballet of arm-breaking and gun-kata that somehow manages to run for 122 minutes without ever overstaying its welcome. That's far easier said than done.
A twisted Wick continues to burn bright!
doesn't even work as a shallow distraction
The second chapter isn't quite as out-of-the-blue invigorating as the original, but I'm still primed for the next chapter.
Who would have guessed Keanu Reeves' stoic, black-clad, one-man killing machine would become THE go-to bad guy/action hero of the 2010s?
'John Wick: Chapter 2' is wickedly entertaining.
Even more entertaining the second time around.
You might think you're watching the face-shooting revenge flick Frederico Fellini never got to make.
Its protagonist and story may not have changed much, but [director Chad] Stahelski has more than a few new tricks up his sleeve.
For those who are in it for non-stop car chases, explosions, gunplay and jujutsu, it's an all-you-can-swallow buffet.
Stahelski has burst out as a vivid and creative action director with these two John Wick films. He has a true talent for making Reeves and everyone else - and everything - pop and look good.
The lightness and winking quality that softened the slaughter are less evident in "John Wick: Chapter 2," an altogether more solemn affair weighed down by the philosophy that more is always more.
Old fashioned values and New World nihilism makes John Wick: Chapter 2 such an irresistible adrenaline fix.
Your reaction to John Wick: Chapter 2 will depend on whether you find that sort of "why are you hitting yourself?" thing funny or not-and how many times in a row you find it funny.
By doubling down on its idiosyncrasies, Chapter 2 justifies the existence of more Wick without overstaying its welcome. It's a lesson most Hollywood sequels could stand to learn.
Both John Wick films are sendups of the tasteless excess of B-action pics and all-out celebrations of their vulgarity. Chapter 2 is the best one could hope for in an action sequel, and it doesn't even have the "killed the puppy" gimmick on its side.
This is pure entertainment that is entertaining because Reeves plays the character with never wavering sincerity.
A thoroughly brainless orgy of fights, shoot-outs, foot pursuits and car chases that should dazzle fans of such fare while leaving anyone who'd like a bit of steak to go with the sizzle cold.
Action junkies are going to love this...With Keanu Reeves judoing, jiu-jitsuing, car-fuing and pencil gouging his way through a 141 body count, "John Wick: Chapter Two" is 120 minutes of mayhem in a game gone global.
The fringe details save the project from degenerating into homicidal overkill.
There is so much beautiful, beautiful killing in "John Wick: Chapter 2," you can hardly blame the movie for refusing to look away.
The first "John Wick" was taut and nasty, a potent slug of B-movie. This one is so enamored of its own extravagance that, on more than one occasion, I was reminded of "Zoolander 2."
Not since the John Woo-inspired Lethal Weapon have fight segments so delightfully surprised us with their lyrical movement, raw force and explosive spontaneity, all supplemented by Oscar-grade sound editing and mixing.
The movie provides an adrenaline rush that will keep action junkies high for weeks. A few times, the feature does slow down to allow you to take a breath; then, it accelerates as Wick takes on hordes ... who expire as quickly as "Star Trek" red shirts.
John Wick: Chapter Two demonstrates what film as an art form is all about: it awes and delights, challenges and provokes.
John Wick: Chapter 2 does have its moments. But far too few of them. A little judicious pruning in the action scenes would make for a far more entertaining film that might appeal beyond the 15-year-old-boy demographic.
This is pathetic. What kind of person is this?
Chapter 2 is a hyper-violent piece of pulp action cinema through and through, but it's also an exemplar of how to make such a film with style and intelligence.
'John Wick: Chapter 2' shows there's a lot of life left for the character who deals out nothing but death.
Reeves is thoroughly persuasive as a killer who takes pride in his expertise. The role he began with 2014's "John Wick" is tailor-made for his laconic acting style.
It isn't easy to explain the appeal of the "John Wick" movies, and they are inarguably not for every taste, but there is a purity to them that transcends their barbarity and has something to do with the central character.
The pleasures of John Wick: Chapter 2 may be even greater than those of its predecessor-itself a symphonic achievement in scrappy, balls-out, action filmmaking ...
It's just as ridiculously entertaining, an orgy of balletic violence that isn't for everyone, but has its own twisted beauty.
John Wick: Chapter 2 doubles down on everything that made the first movie so enjoyable ... resulting in the rare sequel that's bigger and better as well.
"Chapter 2" maintains the delicious vibration of the original film.
John Wick: Chapter 2 will have you salivating to know what happens next to the world's most lethal killer.
Easily enjoyed as a film in which man-bunned mopes are mowed down - joyfully apolitical, free of social subtext. Yet it's tacky & distinguished, luxuriating in literary allusions & bodacious lacerations like someone chasing a 10-year scotch with PBR.
It might not be "Matrix" territory, exactly, but with "John Wick: Chapter 2," genre fans finally get the sort of expanded Keanuverse they were craving.
An entertaining, ultraviolent and occasionally witty thriller.
The semiretired superassassin killed 77 adversaries last time around. The numbers are similar here.
I'll say this for "John Wick: Chapter 2": It sure does deliver the bang for the moviegoer's bucks.
In addition to an ever-expanding lineup of guest stars, the movie builds a terrific running joke about the way New Yorkers will ignore literally anything that happens around them if it means getting to work on time.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is not the breath of fresh air the first film was, but it does offer up some fantastic action.
Wick has become an Orpheus figure, with killing as his art. He punches lit cigarettes straight into henchmen's mouths and pins assailants down with the barrel of his shotgun while he reloads for a point-blank shot to the chest.
The first film had its moments, but this action-packed follow-up is a major improvement. Wild, funny and thrilling.
The original and this sequel succeed in part for the way they give all of this mayhem an inventive context ...
Sometimes you just want to see someone else pay a horrible price. In which case, this is your movie.
Closer to an expansion of its predecessor than a true follow-up all its own, John Wick: Chapter 2 offers a fair share of what already worked while ironing out a few rough spots.
John Wick Chapter 2 gives action fans exactly what they want.
It's an exceedingly dumb film, with its high body count, shockingly bloody violence and comic-book carnage. Still, there are guilty pleasures to be had.
"Chapter 2" is state-of-the-art action that's sacrificed some of the charm and heart that were the first film's secret weapon. It's about the only armament not deployed in this sequel.
Makes the case for the Wick franchise as a kind of bizarro James Bond...This antihero may not be licensed to kill, but now he lives in a similarly slick universe of action fantasy and exotic settings.
With beauty to its brutality John Wick Chapter 2 is a stylish, visceral experience - bring on John Wick Chapter 3...!
Magnificent mayhem
The film remarkably balances its predecessor's spartan characterizations and plotting with a significant expansion of scale.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is a slick and kickass caper that never drags and does exactly what action movies should do.
A brutal, bruising bullet ballet of a sequel that builds upon the promise of the original. Characters keep asking if John Wick is back. Yeah, we're thinking he's back.
John Wick: Chapter 2 tempts fate with a 122-minute running time, but the "Gun Fu" is back and it's just as deathly awesome as it was in the first film.
A rousing, action-packed white-knuckle thriller full of visual poetry. It's a rush of pure adrenaline.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is a somewhat more distanced affair. But it's still an impressively dizzying symphony of carnage.
A near-perfect sequel... a movie that wonderfully accentuates everything that is excellent about its predecessor.
Chapter 2, with Keanu Reeves at his absolute best, is the real deal in action-movie fireworks - it's pure cinema, an adrenaline rocket of image and sound that explodes on contact.
A feast for the eyes and ears that entertains without asking for anything in return.
If any sequel deserved Reloaded as a subtitle, it's a movie that rolls out a succession of gun blasts to heads the way Fred Astaire handled pockets full of firecrackers in Holiday Inn.
Well-directed, dynamic and action-packed sequel that emphasizes the insanity of the John Wick universe.
In an age of increasingly tangled comic book movies that exist only to spawn more installments, this is the only current franchise worth a damn.
A bullet-riddled blast.
If you loved the original movie, you might not care so much about being given warmed-over seconds. Otherwise, this Wick has burned itself out.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is as close to pure cinema as an action movie can come.
Two full hours of John Wick goodness. This made me so happy. It's an epic that expands the world of John Wick and the ambitious action that made the original stand out in the first place.
The biggest compliment I can think to pay John Wick: Chapter 2 is that I lost track of the body count within the first 15 minutes.
Bigger isn't always better, but Chad Stahelski proves himself an action force to be reckoned with.
If you enjoy relentless bouts of gun-fu and Reeves at his taciturn best, then this is the follow-up for you.
Sit back and enjoy the stunts, the speed, the style.
Nitpicks aside, this is one stylish, gorgeous, well-acted, and creative action spectacular.
Once again, Reeves does not disappoint, fully inhabiting Wick by channeling his rage over life's injustices into an intensely focused performance.
The John Wick movies accomplish what Hong Kong action flicks did a quarter-century ago, seducing bloodthirsty (predominately male) audiences into appreciating an exquisitely choreographed modern ballet.

@highlight

John Wick: Chapter 2 does what a sequel should -- which in this case means doubling down on the non-stop, thrillingly choreographed action that made its predecessor so much fun.