...essential viewing for classic rock fans and anyone who loves a good rogue of questionable moral character, undeniable talent and a road case full of excellent stories.
What makes this an excellent music doc is the sadness that comes through the madness.
A cracking story, buzzily edited, this warts-and-warts portrait delivers an illuminating insight into recent rock history. Don't miss it.
An entertaining doc on the volatile but great jazz and rock drummer, the controversial London born Ginger Baker.
The constantly gripping film is adroitly assembled.
With no preconceptions, I found this to be one of the films of the year - an extraordinary story about an even more astonishing talent.
Bleakly entertaining, Beware of Mr Baker neither eulogises nor patronises its subject; one day (though possibly not soon), Baker may take it upon himself to say thanks.
It's a broadly forgiving portrait of an impossible, irascible talent, who seems to have treated life much like his instrument.
We are always being told that books and movies have to have "sympathetic" lead characters - well, here's a documentary that does very well without one.
An interesting character study interspersed with classic rock, jazz and Afrobeat clips. Nothing more, but certainly nothing less.
Entertaining documentary about the notoriously cantankerous drummer...
It's all insanely enjoyable.
Searingly honest and ultimately deeply moving, this is a fascinating portrait of notoriously antisocial former Cream drummer Ginger Baker, now 73 and still raging.
It's refreshing to watch a music doc, especially one with such intimate access to its subject, in which barely anyone is unreservedly polite about the person in question.
A juicy slice of rock history.
A fascinating rockumentary that pays tribute to its subject's impressive musical odyssey, while illustrating the enormous emotional costs he's incurred along the way.
By turns sad and darkly comedic, but never less than mesmerizing -- a moving and morally conflicted portrait of a true questing spirit.
Ginger Baker has been revealed as a major talent, an innovator and an unlikely survivor. And a not very nice guy.
Ginger Baker is, and was, a train wreck. Yet this film, like Baker's onstage playing, is always riveting, and something you can't look away from.
This straightforward yet insightful documentary pays tribute to its subject without resorting to hagiography.
I watched Beware of Mr. Baker and longed for the time when rock was good, musicians were gods, and good god, the parties and the playing were species of their own.
"Beware of Mr. Baker" is comprehensive, if somewhat overly glowing.
The takeaway: great musician, deficient family man, taxing friend and bandmate, excellent documentary subject.
This is warts and all, with the emphasis on the warts.
"Beware of Mr. Baker" argues that when an artist consistently delivers amazement, broken beaks and busted relationships are a fair price to pay.
Although it hits many of the same notes as other recent musical docs, Beware of Mr. Baker nevertheless does a satisfactory job of capturing a restless personality.
Even if you have no special interest in Baker's music, he's a compelling and witty subject.
Bulger tries, unconvincingly, to paint Baker as a difficult but admirable rebel. The lingering question in the documentary is whether his musical accomplishments were worth the trail of damage.
It gives Baker his musical props while at the same time demonstrating the film's title is no exaggeration.
The madman of rock drumming hasn't mellowed. Or croaked. That's two miracles attached to Ginger Baker's name.
Deftly presented, with appropriate respect for the past but a clear sense of intellectual curiosity mixed with editorial detachment, one need not fear from the warnings about Mr. Baker, as long as you duck from the swings of his cane.
Any movie that starts with the subject assaulting the director (Baker smacks plucky first-timer Jay Bulger squarely in the face with his cane) is already ahead of the game.
Lots of surprises and unusual brio. . . in sorting out decades of stories and confusing points of view [with] visual documentation. Very entertaining.
Ginger Baker's perpetual enigma makes for a documentary subject both beguiling and inaccessible, receding and aggressing.
The rock documentary to be seen by all those who swore they would never see another.
If Clapton was God, guess who was the devil?
This intense, imaginative and wild little film celebrates an unrepentant madman, one of rock'n'roll's surprise survivors, drummer Ginger Baker.
Miserable individuals do tend to make for interesting subject matter, and this would be far more of a dry biography without its willfully eccentric lead.
The hectic, wild life of the greatest rock 'n' roll drummer of them all is exposed in this absorbing documentary, which succeeds almost in spite of itself.
The life story of a man who's led one hell of a fascinating life.
The movie salutes the rhythms and the wreckage.
In spite of Bulger's errors of tone, the movie stands as an engaging tussle with the question of what is permissible with the excuse of art.
You'll love the idea that someone like this deserves a movie, but with the whole of heavy metal in his debt, the honor is merited and handled with honesty.
Mr. Bulger ... does not let "Behind the Music" sensationalism overwhelm the music itself, which is Mr. Baker's great passion and the only reason anyone should take an interest in him.
Jay Bulger's seemingly erratic doc formally channels Ginger Baker's almost defiant refusal to lead a life that adheres to a linear narrative.
When a documentary begins with its subject using his crutch to deliver a vicious blow to the director's nose, it's reasonably safe to expect less-than-smooth sailing ahead.
Exceptional. Jay Bulger's warts-and-all documentary about one of the world's most enigmatic drummers is as vibrant as its musically prodigious subject.
A bizarre and irreverent if slightly repetitive portrait of picaresque drum legend Ginger Baker.
Colorful, loud doc digs into the peculiar life of one of rock's most bombastic drummers.
Wild, funny and richly textured audio-visual treat of a film ... Appealing to some for the same reasons other foul-mouthed, curmudgeonly subjects make for entertaining docs
It's not easy to get past the shield of celebrity, and it's even harder to get past a persona as permanently entrenched as this one to see something genuine and unguarded, and that's what we get here.

@highlight

Free of the hagiographic overtones that dog many documentary profiles, Beware of Mr. Baker presents a clear-eyed, thoroughly gripping look at one of rock's greatest -- and most personally problematic -- musicians.