Confession #1: Despite all reasonable logic and preconceived expectations, I enjoyed Confessions of a Shopaholic.
Cinematic impulse buy that sparkles through its 100 minutes.
A disappointing comedy, out of synch with the zeitgeist
an exceedingly safe movie, which can serve as entertainment for the first date crowd or the couple who has been happily married for years
If you are willing to turn your brain off, Fisher makes the film very watchable, but it's core message over materialism and financial stupidity are confused and the film lacks just that few more laughs to tip it above mediocrity.
This is a film that couldn't buy a positive female character if there was a barrel full on clearance at Bloomies.
Charm can go a long way in making a film. Or, in the case of Confessions of a Shopaholic, the charm of Isla Fisher makes the film bearable.
Even without the bad timing %u2013 a paean to debt and excess released a few months after the world's biggest financial meltdown since the 1920s %u2013 it still would not have worked.
Hollywood likes nothing more than having its cake and eating it too, which explains the confusions of P.J. Hogan's Confessions of a Shopaholic. [Blu-ray]
Doesn't operate on a level of logic, being the fantasy that it is, but the enthusiasm of its star and the color dynamics of its lush parade of fashion makes it a solid must see for the teenage girl crowd.
...a typically dumbed-down mainstream romantic comedy...
Not only a comical view of a shopaholic, but an educational one too.
Click for full review
This sweet and endearing fashionista fairy tale is just what the doctor ordered to take our minds off the current economic crisis.
...a much better film than might be expected, even if it turns out to be as superficial as this season's scarf or handbag.
Has nowhere to go but to the bargain basement when not shopping for Gucci.
The film serves as a defense of beauty in the face of moralism, a theme that can never go stale.
Fisher is a good physical comedian, but gee, could anyone be this dumb?
Even if you enjoy rom-coms, you'll be struggling to find more than two mild chuckles in this waste of time and celluloid.
Fisher is wonderful for much of this movie, despite some of the irksome material shoved her way.
There is no denying Isla Fisher's charm on screen, even when faced with the direst of characters. And she puts a lot of effort into making Rebecca work, you have to grant her that.
What is John Salley doing in this movie?
Isla Fisher does her best with a shopworn, shopped out premise.
A mediocre result for a title with as much promise as a designer boutique crammed with items to die for, this girls-only adaptation of Sophie Kinsella's book has charm, but never lives up to expectations
...overextends its credibility.
I must sheepishly admit that I enjoyed the frothy fun of "Confessions of a Shopaholic," and I can only imagine that women will like it even more than this cranky male film critic.
Fisher is a likeable star with a knack for slapstick.
One of those so-labeled 'chick flicks' that shows why that term is so often used as a pejorative.
This is a film that wants to have its cake and eat it, or mock its frock and wear it.
The irrepressible Fisher sails through all the slapstick and shrillness and remains very likeable but the manic Confessions Of A Shopaholic does her no favours.
Shopaholic's biggest problem is that it wants to have it both ways. It wants to luxuriate in expensive clothes and shoes and other princess-fantasy accoutrements while at the same time posing as a heavy-handed brief against debt, shallowness and financial
It's hardly suspenseful stuff, but the sassy New-York-shopper angle should keep Sex And The City fans happy without patronising them quite so cynically.
It's by-the-numbers stuff, but all so silly and goofy you can't take offence.
A man's man would certainly emit quite a few low, heartfelt growls were he forced to sit through the entirety of Confessions Of A Shopaholic, a shrill, garish knock-off of Sex And The City.
If you are strapped for cash, wait until this one turns up in the DVD bargain bin.
This sickening ode to consumerist greed comes just in time for the recession.
Slick and polished, the rest is by-the-numbers schmaltz, offset only by the adorable presence of Ms Fisher.
A cheap'n'cheerless Legally Blonde meets The Devil Wears Prada knock-off, this raises the odd girlie giggle but mainly made me want to claw my own face off.
Isla is like an adorable puppy you can't fail to be charmed by. If there's a debt to be paid, the movie owes her big time.
The film hypocritically fetishises until it half-heartedly tells us that such rampant consumerism is bad.
Isla Fisher has appeal to spare, but this graceless, witless, unfunny so-called "comedy" does little more than reinforce the worst female stereotypes.
The problem nipping at the designer heels of Confessions is not the state of the economy but, rather, the film's predictability.
If you want gritty realism, see an arthouse movie. Or shop in a pound store. As journalist Rebecca, Isla Fisher is silly and adorable - just like this adaptation of Sophie Kinsella's novel.
It's a shame eBay didn't get their hand in here, but then that would have spoiled almost two hours of light-hearted anti-capitalist sentiment from the producer of Top Gun.
The tone of the film, directed by P. J. Hogan, is frothy and frivolous; the plot is glaringly predictable.
This excruciatingly bad attempt at a breezy romcom is an ill-conceived, dreadfully executed mess. Totally bereft of laughs, drama and chemistry between the leads, the movie is so nausea-inducing that it belongs in a sub genre of its own - the vomcom.
Shopaholic is a pleasingly addictive treat. Happily, it's one that won't max out your credit card.
The conclusion is almost as predictable as the Harrods sale...even if you feel you've not quite got your money's worth. Not so much top draw as bargain basement.
More Topshop than Top Gun, this Bruckheimer effort sees Fisher finally make good on her Wedding Crashers promise in a film that manages to be both a frothy romcom and a cautionary tale on the perils of plastic splurgery.
This rival to the other chick flick of the moment, He's Just Not That Into You, is a fabulously frothy and fun fashion film.
The whole thing is a piece of romantic codswallop that relies on the ordinary but feisty charm of Fisher.
Confessions of a Shopaholic is a disappointing romcom that fails to push any of the required emotional buttons, thanks to a sloppy, unfocussed script and a central character who's impossible to care about.
Cruising into cinemas with worse timing than a Taiwanese Rolex, this chick flick about one woman racking up five figures of credit card debt seems less like a comedy than an epic 104-minute finger-wagging session.
With streets flanked by monster fashion ads, and all the girls looking sublime, Shopaholic is a glam promo for big spenders. Which is a bit ironic.
A triumph of style over lack of substance -- one made human by Isla Fisher and made romantic by the pairing of Fisher and Hugh Dancy.
A silly and shallow movie that annoys instead of entertain
Here [Fisher] is giving it everything she's got and it's just not enough.
This is a movie that is warning us against the dangers of being slaves to labels while at the same time celebrating those same designer brands.
Isla Fisher is such a bundle of comic energy that watching her spin her wheels in the aggressively unfunny Confessions of a Shopaholic counts as cruel and unusual punishment -- for her as well as for us.
Yes, it's a movie about conspicuous consumption ---- that's what shopping your brains out means!
This is silly drivel.
Isla Fisher deserves better
Confessions of a Shopaholic is a day late and a dollar short. But the presence of Isla Fisher is no small change.
[T]his adaptation is really just about buying the 'brand,' and--like the retailers in the film--selling America something it already had.
Never as good as the movies it tries to imitate.
On this one the better choice is to window shop.
Silly story of a journalist whose shopping addiction catches up with her.
Confessions of a Shopaholic, will only appeal to love story addicts wanting to add a little more sugar to a Valentine's Day weekend date.
Isla Fisher is terrific, but the movie ultimately mirrors a shopping experience itself. It's a mixed bag of elements you either want to exchange or keep.
Rebecca's attempted ascent to Alette magazine is boring. Her addiction is boring. The romance with Brandon is boring. The mannequins that come to imaginary life is %u2026 OK, that's just creepy.
An often contrived, but breezy, occasionally witty and mildly amusing comedic satire with a delightful cast.
...a goofy, likeable enough chick flick
Confessions is more cautionary tale than comedy.
There may be a real credit crunch going on but this hilarious non-stop laughing spree is worth the price of a ticket.
We're pleasantly surprised by how good this movie makes us feel.
The production renders totally irrelevant all hopes for a well-made movie. It's one of those ragged, pandemonious studio comedies that hammers at plot points in every contrived scene.
Considering that the country is in deep financial turmoil, it's hard to sit through a movie so flippant about personal bankruptcy.
Not only is it an unfunny movie shrilly told, it probably is the most ill-timed and appallingly insulting movie in recent memory.
It's very hard to watch a wild-eyed woman engage in an orgy of avarice using a fan of maxed-out cards when so many have lost so much - even if there is a message within the madness, that fiscal responsibility is the true key to happiness.
This year's Valentine's Day movies aimed at women have turned out to be a good batch. But if you're seeing just one of 'em, this is it.
Could there be a worse time to revisit the indulgences of the '00s?
You don't have to see the movie to know what happens. But Fisher is such a nonstop comic delight that you might well want to see it anyway.
Note to would-be financial journalists: No one cares about your personal musings. Not even at Portfolio.
Here we are, only nine months after the Sex and the City movie, and an obsessive spender with an overstuffed closet -and credit card bills to match- no longer seems quite so cute.
Isla Fisher [is] as bright a comic talent as anything Hollywood has to offer these days.
The chance to watch a comic talent work it is one reason to see it.
There is so much wrong with Confessions of a Shopaholic -- timing, execution, resolution and moral stance, to name a few -- that it's hard to know where to begin.
It was hard to shake the worry that a fizzy comedy about debt would be about as wrong for our current woes as uncorking a bottle of champagne. Confessions is definitely slight.
Too bad. It could have been more, and its audience deserves better.
Put this one back on the shelf, and walk away.
In other words, bimbos rule, and if a girl wants to be anything more than that the only thing she can expect from life is to live it completely alone.
You never believe, even in a fantasy way, that Bloomwood could stumble into a job at a Manhattan-based financial magazine for a Conde Nast-like conglomerate.
Labels and products galore in frothy book-based romcom.
If there is a single bright spot in the financial crisis, it is the possibility that one day producer Jerry Bruckheimer will run out of money.
The flick might deliver some good laughs and decent performances, but the script had some of the more forced and unrealistic dialogue I have seen in a long time.
Yearning to be a frothy screwball comedy, this movie has a humor deficit that all the slapstick in Fort Knox couldn't offset.
It's even more disappointing because from the general plot of the film it is clear that had the film makers gone in a few different directions Shopaholic could have been a colorful dress from Betsey Johnson instead of just another little black noth
Parental Content Review
There are only so many times you can use the word "formulaic" before your voice becomes nothing more than white noise.
Strains far too hard for comedy that seldom erupts with full force and inevitably betrays a free-spending mindset that now feels gone with the wind.
Like the flailing American economy, Confessions of a Shopaholic wants to eat its cake and have its spiritual redemption too. (Talk about timing!)
Isla Fisher is carrying this often stylish comedy on her Prada-upholstered back.
At the Confessions of a Shopaholic advance screening I attended, there was a fashion show before the movie sponsored by a local boutique; to me, it was like watching someone do exhibition drinking games before a screening of Leaving Las Vegas.
Why wouldn't you want to see Isla Fisher stumble on a tray of fish? Why wouldn't you want to see Isla Fisher bumble through a fan dance? Why wouldn't you want to see Isla Fisher fumble through Finnish?
P.J. Hogan and his writing team really love Lucy because they attempt to put Fisher through more pratfalls, uncomfortable social situations and misconceived schemes than Lucy and Ethel combined.
When is the right time to release a hollow, one-dimensional, unfunny, illogical, mindless comedy with a poorly defined protagonist and a dumbly formulaic plot?
Not even a radiant star performance from Isla Fisher is enough to chip away the mold from a derivative plot that can't be believed for a second.
Confessions of a Shopaholic eventually steals your heart, though you feel incredibly guilty for buying into the pap
A schizophrenic apologia for its own existence, Confessions tries to poise itself as a cautionary film against overspending, even as it pans longingly over rows of sherbet colored shoes.
It is always a mistake for a movie to be more in love with its heroine than the audience is.
Shopaholic is a trifle with fangs; a brutally insincere, borderline sci-fi excursion into Prada-packed, "chick-lit" escapism, puffed with shameless abandon by the cast and crew.
Confusions of a Shopaholic" would be a more accurate title for this garish romantic comedy...
A loud, garish and very untimely romantic comedy.
Though you might wonder whether there's room in a movie marketplace that already feels overstocked with romantic comedies, Confessions of a Shopaholic arrives fashionably late and dressed to kill.
"Coraline" is more grounded in reality.
Confessions is no more than a painless time-waster. But the beguiling Fisher is well worth the investment.
With any luck Confessions will end up as a tipping point, signaling the moment that women finally stopped paying to see themselves look stupid on screen. That would be quite a bargain.
This outdated comedy recycles trendier (and better) flicks -- and maxes out our patience.
This material should at least hold our attention, if not yield some laughs. But director P.J. Hogan and three credited screenwriters manage to bungle this seemingly goof-proof premise.
If cheesy, feel-good riches-to-reason romantic comedies are yours, this is your fix. It's a harmless indulgence that, like shopping, may make you feel good for the short term, but later you'll need more.
Overall Shopaholic seems to be standing in an empty station, waving a futile hand at a train long gone.
Much more entertaining than I anticipated, due to the performances of Fisher, Dancy and the rest of the cast, especially Wendie Malick.
If you spin out the unintended analogy of Confessions of a Shopaholic to the current financial crisis, the film starts to mutate from a not-that-funny comedy into a tragic allegory.
I didn't much like Shopaholic, but, boy, did Fisher make me laugh.
Had Confessions been truer to its chick-lit novel inspiration, the movie could have been fizzily enjoyable instead of sickening.
Fantasy here usually comes at reality's expense.
This enjoyable, if sometimes uneven, denouncement of consumerism run amok is clearly Fisher's show.
Rebecca is the Lucy Ricardo of profligate spending.
The time for "Sex and the City" style extravagance has passed and "Confessions" looks like last season's shopworn goods. Fisher and Dancy cannot quite overcome a sloppy script and make the markdown look like a bargain.
Though in the end this garish, frantic, relentlessly cartoonish rom-com pretends to be a warning against mindless materialism, it spends most of its time celebrating it.
Fisher makes for a winning Cinderella, but by its third act, this hokey, old-fashioned vehicle turns back into a pumpkin.
What a delightful surprise! It's as wonderfully silly and charming as it is absolutely hilarious. If you loved Legally Blonde, then this is definitely the movie for you.
Isla gets bagged, in this big screen bid to have your designer duds and wear them too. While predatory airhead female mall stalkers with too much lipstick pretend finger wagging, as they fabulously flaunt shameless product placement pricey designer labels
The offenses of Confessions of a Shopaholic are legion, but worst is its portrayal of women as easily crazed, irrational dopes.
I did not know that mannequins in Manhattan store windows could actually talk. I did not find their performance in the least wooden.
A manic and not entirely convincing romantic comedy in which there is no discernible difference between its characters drunk or sober.
The plotting is on automatic pilot. It needs Chesley B. Sullenberger III.
Part shopping fantasy, part cautionary debt tale and all chick flick, Confessions of a Shopaholic is like Sex and the City with a lower IQ.
Audiences are expected to forget everything they know about the media, shopping, writing, the economy and human behavior in general for the plot to work.
Between her good looks, sunny demeanor, great thrifty family and apparent lack of trouble in the relationship department, what void is she trying to fill?
Takes the whole chick lit package, the candy colored dresses and the personal chauffeurs, to a ridiculous, intolerable new level.
The longer the movie goes on the more its breezy approach to financial ruin starts to seem a little insulting.
Vivacious Isla Fisher is appealing but the romance is predictable, editing hyperactive, the compulsiveness done with real wit in Percy Adlon's 'Rosalie Goes Shopping.'
If you gave Bernie Madoff custody of your life savings mere days before the FBI knocked on his door last December, your timing still wouldn't be as wretched as that of Confessions of a Shopaholic.
The packaging is appealing, but the previously owned contents are flimsy.
This exercise in capitalist wish fulfillment is not unlike a Depression Era Studio Fantasy.
Bad timing is merely one of this rom-com's lesser problems; the abundance of wasted talent on display is an even bigger concern.
Australian director P.J. Hogan is one of the most original contemporary comic filmmakers -- better than the chick-flick genre ever had.
There really is no appropriate moment for a shrill onslaught that perpetuates the worst stereotypes about female materialism.
From its talking storewindow mannequins to its sneaky debauched heroine, the movie is romantic-comedy fizz, but it's fizz that bubbles like champagne.
I can't really recommend this movie in these perilous times, except for viewers in search of a nostalgic chuckle or two.
A dizzy and chic chick picture for our times, this hit-or-miss comedy is about the perils of conspicuous consumption, the void that shopping fills in some souls.
Much is being made of the bad timing in releasing Confessions of a Shopaholic ... as if there's ever a good time to release a laugh-resistant, brain-dead comedy.
Confessions of a Shopaholic plays like both a supremely outmoded chick-lit adaptation and an outrageously obscene gesture as the economy continues to swallow up livelihoods, homes, and hope.
If the movie didn't pander so madly to the audience for Sex and the City and Legally Blonde, it might have been a comedy touchstone instead of a cringeworthy footnote.









@highlight

This middling romantic comedy underutilizes a talented cast and delivers muddled messages on materialism and conspicuous consumption.