It is a strange, empty and pointless exercise that lets down some talented actors and a witty script.
Heartwarming without being soppy, this film makes for a thoroughly enjoyable watch.
It's basically harmless fluff anchored by two great actors enjoying the hell out of one another.
... it follows the Disney modus operandi of ultimately exalting even the most unlikable characters in order to satisfy their traditional family audiences.
There is a lot of tricky narrative positioning in the script that works in building momentum, but it often feels so manipulated that it's tough to keep your eyes from rolling.
It may be the most self-congratulatory bit of hagiography Hollywood has ever produced, and that's saying something.
Although at times overly sweet and emotional, Saving Mr. Banks is for the most part warm, heartfelt and easy to like. It's hard not to appreciate the Disney magic once again on display here.
Viewers raised on "Mary Poppins" will be unable to resist the warm embrace of "Saving Mr. Banks."
With a few distorted facts, Saving Mr. Banks takes on a life of its own, and there's enough truth in it to make you swallow the rest . . . with or without a spoonful of sugar.
Saving Mr. Banks works well under the directorial style of John Lee Hancock, but its real mark will be left thanks to the multifaceted Thompson.
Travers hated what Disney did to her creation, and she would have hated what his studio has now done to her.
The picture is eventually about the therapeutic limitations of art even while celebrating the very real effect it can have on people who need it.
It's a wonderful film that deserves your attention, and that you deserve to experience.
Beautifully ambitious and eagerly constructed, the success of Walt Disney Studios' homage to its heritage is anchored magnificently by the crowning work of Emma Thompson's career.
A familiar and very satisfying collision of art versus commerce or lowbrow, mainstream taste...versus highbrow sophistication.
... would have been better suited as a Disney special or an extra on a Blu-ray release of Mary Poppins rather than a vehicle for awards season.
Emma Thompson's character comes off as the stodgy Fun Police, rather than an author trying to protect her work.
Genial, inconsequential, deeply odd but not quite "quirky."
This is Disney wielding its cultural influence as an emotional cattle prod.
Saving Mr Banks is an unexpected gem, a witty and warm-hearted celebration of two great storytellers that adroitly balances delicious culture-clash comedy with affecting biographical insights.
There's great care to preserve the Disney brand with this film, which at times goes overboard with its reverence but never stoops to the point of being cheesy.
Mostra-se tão determinado a santificar Walt que, para isso, demoniza P.L. Travers, unindo-se aos recentes Hitchcock e A Garota em um gênero que gosto de chamar de "cinema-tabloide".
It's a welcome surprise to find that Saving Mr. Banks is smart enough not to overdose on the sweet stuff.
This is an utterly captivating origin story on how the all singing, all dancing, iconic technicolour musical (with bells on) -- Mary Poppins came to be.
Saving Mr. Banks depicts cinema as a perverse nexus of capitalism and psychoanalysis.
This too is a Disney movie, of course, with little to say about artistic integrity but lots of commonsense encouragement to revisit Mary Poppins.
As with so many American films of late, the acting in Saving Mr Banks is superlative...Tom Hanks presents Walt Disney as a lovable extension of his TV persona while Emma Thompson is the stone-heart whose must inevitably soften.
Saving Mr Banks is perfectly gauged to suit its subject matter - the light touch of Disney and the toughness of Travers, the slickness of Hollywood and the roughness of the Aussie outback.
Forget super. This bighearted and intelligent drama is supercalifragili. . . .you get the idea
Many have already raved about how this it distorts the truth about the relationship between 'Uncle Walt' Disney and PL Travers (AKA Helen Lyndon Goff), and yet it is enjoyable - as long as you accept that it's sheer fantasy.
Advertising that audiences have to pay to see.
Saving Mr Banks is an enjoyable, likeable film.
Mary Poppins didn't just float in on the wind to make an appearance on the big screen. Hers was a 20-year struggle, and that challenge is depicted in 'Saving Mr. Banks,' the story of Walt Disney and author P.L. Travers.
To paraphrase Mary Poppins, "Just a spoonful of sugar helps revisionist history go down," and in a most delightful way!
While it hardly breaks new ground cinematically or truly challenges any prevailing notions about the cultural impact of Walt Disney, Saving Mr. Banks is nevertheless an entertaining portrait of conflicting artistic temperaments in action
The great irony underneath Hancock's handsomely produced vat of cinematic syrup is that it is precisely the kind of flapdoodle Travers would have frowned, moaned and tsk-tsked about.
... offers a fascinating perspective on the making of an influential film that remains beloved today, and the chance to revisit that experience is worth several spoonfuls of sugar along the way.
Charming and informative
Saving Mr. Banks could have been this years The King's Speech. Instead we have a "shoulda, woulda, coulda" situation, with just enough sugar in these wonderful performances to keep down the bitterness of Hancock's sloppy direction.
The most satisfying portions of Saving Mr. Banks occur when the movie adds pinches of salt to the spoonfuls of sugar making this medicine go down.
"Banks" Short on Key Details
An unexpectedly tender film about Walt Disney's 20-year effort to bring Mary Poppins to the big screen.
Heavy handed and repetitive but surprisingly moving as Hollywood saves the day yet again
Though about one of the most undeniably commercial movie companies in history, there's something enjoyably strange about Saving Mr. Banks, and its gallery of unusual characters.
As far as family entertainment goes, there's very little to fault with this rather delightful and moving picture.
The flashback scenes, of the author as a young girl in Australia and her alcoholic father (Colin Farrell), are too often just there to interject something familiar into the story.
A good movie about the making of the movie "Mary Poppins," but doesn't have the extra magic that you expect.
The whole thing leaves you with an appalling chill. It feels like a warning from Hollywood to the ambivalent creators of anything: Take the spoonful of sugar or we'll force-feed it to you.
Like Disney's 'Mary Poppins,' 'Saving Mr. Banks' is pure movie magic. It's the most captivating film of 2013 for me.
Thompson almost saves "Mr. Banks"
She (Travers) may have made Disney and his crew's lives a living hell, but that doesn't make her a bad person --- or "Saving Mr. Banks" a bad film.
Director John Lee Hancock manages to induce great performances from his cast.
After so many flashbacks it all comes together if you stay until after the end credits (don't leave early!), justifying Emma Thompson's award-quality performance as an extremely unreasonable, irritating woman.
It does not mind raw emotion as long as it is delivered beneath a shimmery smooth veneer. Any and all medicines are accompanied by spoonfuls of sugar.
A surprisingly apologetic celebration of Papa Walt and the herculean effort required to bring Mary Poppins to screen.
Charming and surprisingly non-saccharine; but it's still the Disney monolith protecting its own.
"...surprisingly digestible"
Reflects light from other sources but doesn't produce any of its own.
I thought it was quite sweet.
I actually found this film moving in a strange way.
The film is a little sluggish but Emma Thompson is a five-star treat as always.
Such is the world of Disneyfication.
Corporatist propaganda of the highest order, as the Disney juggernaut congratulates itself on the half-century anniversary of "Mary Poppins."
The most entertaining segments find the author contending with all the California dreamin'. ... But it's easier to believe Hanks saving Private Ryan than saving Mr. Banks.
The deck is stacked, and the disingenuousness is profound, but director John Lee Hancock is good at saving his big schmaltz cards to play at the end.
It's every bit the charming confection you expect it to be, but it's also uncommonly and unexpectedly thoughtful about the troubles of the creative mind and the travails of the creative process. It's spoonfuls of salt that make this medicine go down.
In many ways this is the ultimate Disney film and embodies everything the company sort of stands for, this is also its downfall. It is a brilliant piece of propaganda.
Hanks' Disney is a teddy bear; Thompson's Travers is a porcupine. They go together like apple pie and, oh, liver and onions. He lights up the charm...She refuses utterly to be charmed.
It's the chemistry between these two inner children that makes Saving Mr. Banks so special because Hanks and Thompson understand this is where the drama lies, in the hidden folds of adult fear, and they turn it into a cuddle toy of content.
No one with working eyes will be tricked into believing that Hanks is the spitting image of old Uncle Walt. But like the best actors, Hanks uses mannerisms and practiced vocal inflections to capture his subject's essence.
The viewer should expect to see long stretches of Travers being unpleasant.
The uplifting turn of the story likely is complete fiction, but it's heart-tugging, joyful fiction, lifted to the highest heights by a lovely song or two and Thompson's career-capping performance.
"Saving Mr. Banks" vividly shows how the spark that ignites artistic expression can be struck from heartache, loss or even death.
A smart, snappy, soulful look at how Mary Poppins got Disneyfied, and the redemptive power of story for both teller and listener.
What a predictable waste. Still, anything to sell those 50th anniversary Blu-rays, right?
It reminds us that every movie, book or song we every loved once belonged to just one person, who was bold enough to share it with the rest of the world. This movie made me grateful for all of them.
two films warring with each other and leaving the audience as its casualty.
The movie ironically but, perhaps, indirectly, points out that Walt Disney believed his own hype. In contrast to Travers stark view of the real world, Disney looked at the world through animated rose-colored glasses.
An oppressively sentimental picture marrying simplistic personality-clash comedy to a thin Psych 101 character arc.
Pencil Thompson in now for an Oscar nomination, and maybe a win, and prepare to leave the theater humming the iconic songs.
The sap doesn't run too thick, although it does run, and the movie certainly has a patented Disney upbeat feel much of the time. It's more a spoonful of sugar than medicine for aging baby boomer's souls.
Smart, delightful.
Hanks doesn't have to work too hard to capture the man we want Walt Disney to have been. But it's Thompson who ties it all together.
It's a crowd-pleaser of a film that features an iconic performance from Emma Thompson. This is a perfect film to see over the holidays. Bring the whole family!
Saving Mr. Banks is a whimsical and charming film that seizes hold of your childhood. The historical comedic drama tightly clutches on to the magic of what you grew up with and never lets it go. It's the cinematic equivalent of a heart of gold.
Saving Mr Banks is a merciless film. It hits you with every sentimental low blow it can think of. Then it pounds you again. And when you're down, it jumps on you.
Emma Thompson glows so brightly in Saving Mr. Banks, even when her face darkens in another scowl, that she eclipses the other elements of this agreeable but unambitious film.
If you can enjoy this as a fictional gloss on the real story, it is quite entertaining.
Travers' legitimate concerns are presented as the killjoy grinching of a dried-up prig who just needs a good you-know-what, with Uncle Walt -- or rather, Walt Disney Inc. -- as just the one to give it to her, metaphorically speaking.
"Saving Mr. Banks" is a shameless wad of corporate PR, a feel-good, self-serving Disney film about the making of a Disney film.
What this movie makes clear is that "Mary Poppins" wouldn't be the enduring classic it is without both of these people fighting loudly for what they believed in.
The movie avoids commonplace traps; it never becomes maudlin and it doesn't transform Travers into a likeable elderly lady whose heart of gold is camouflaged by crotchetiness.
Disney is second banana to Thompson's strong-willed and defensive Travers.
Though it embraces a host of cliches and tugs all too insistently at the heartstrings...viewers should respond with affection to this slickly manipulative crowd-pleaser.
Beneath Banks' crass self-aggrandizement lies a pretty charming portrait of two overly proud people butting creative heads. Yes, charming. That's what Disney does, and it does it well enough to turn even this condescending pap into something palatable.
The project is well-cast and sharply assembled. But like a lot of recent Disney projects, it's more professional than inspiring.
It's a hogwash justification for the Disney philosophy of filmmaking, but as delivered by the consummate pro Hanks, you find yourself halfway believing it.
At its best, Saving Mr. Banks is classic Disney, if not quite a Disney classic.
Most people will come away from Saving Mr. Banks feeling like they just sat through a feature-length ad for the magic of Walt Disney, with P.L. Travers' life tacked on as an afterthought.
Practically perfect in every way.
Blatant pro-Disney corporate propaganda, but on some level I fell for it.
At least when Disney butchered Travers' book, he created a classic film in the process; Saving Mr. Banks just makes his company look like sore winners.
The view is blocked by repetitive pathos and overlength, missing the true electricity generated by the actors and the headstrong characters they're beautifully portraying.
... addresses themes of redemption and the importance of imagination that perhaps didn't save the real Mrs. P.L. Travers, but the millions who will watch Emma Thompson embody her can come away ready to forgive themselves
A good movie, buoyed by good performances from Emma Thompson, Tom Hanks and, almost as an afterthought, an especially affecting Colin Farrell.
By neatly assembling an uplifting weepie out of a few choice lies, it’s almost as pleasant a fantasy as Mary Poppins itself.
The screenplay, by Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith, seamlessly captures two different eras with overlapping story lines that never intrude or confuse.
Saving Mr. Banks is a confection and should be viewed as such. In that regard, it works admirably, which is all you can reasonably ask.
The sweetest and most magical film of the year.
One can certainly object to the neat, three-act structure that this screen story shoehorns reality into, while pointing out that if the thing hooks you emotionally, it simply doesn't matter.
Oscar-bait, through and through.
Saving Mr. Banks will warm your heart faster than you can say Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
This brew of story elements as cooked up by screenwriters Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith teaches us something about the obstacles between literature and movie making.
This film works as its own lovingly rendered story.
Sweet peek behind Poppins story, with very dark moments.
A story behind a story behind a story that will strike a sentimental chord with anyone who remembers Disney's 1964 hit about a certain singing, flying British nanny.
I can't think of a better holiday film that you'll be able to enjoy with your families.
Just as Mary rescued the wilting Banks family, so Thompson saves the film. A spoonful of her medicine makes the sugar go down.
The movie wrenches much too many artificial emotions, leaving an ooey-gooey, sappy aftertaste that isn't everyone's cup of tea.
An audience-pleasing, if incomplete look behind the Walt Disney empire's curtain.
Most likely, [P. L.] Travers would find this screen version of her life to be obvious and heavy handed.
Take a tissue and be prepared for a heartfelt experience
Thompson gives one of the best performances of the year, showing us the insecurity and humanity and wit of a woman who is far more complex than she wishes to appear.
Whether or not Saving Mr. Banks hews closely to the facts (which it only does to a point), it certainly provides a satisfying story arc that reinforces the idea that personal works of art resonate most highly with audiences.
Oh, I get it, haha, this is some kind of joke, right?
For a movie that's all about what a swell idea it was to adapt Mary Poppins for the screen, Saving Mr. Banks seems remarkably uninterested in what made the movie special.
An engaging film that sugarcoats Disney history as only Disney itself can. Once you get past the historical fallacies, you can enjoy the artisanship on display.
A charming and heartwarming piece of entertainment, highlighted by a handful of superior performances.
It's not supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, but it sure is fun.
Saving Mr. Banks manages to deconstruct, and then reconstruct, an iconic character and film in a way that is at once truthful and mature but also moving and reverent.
Saving Mr. Banks is a resonant but hugely problematic film - a prestigious look at the embattled history of the production written by those who prevailed, while incredulously suggesting that everybody involved won.
The delight here is the performance of Emma Thompson, who portrays the a taskmaster on the page with pursed lips in perpetual scowl, yes, but also on the verge of melting into what passes, for her, for warmth.
Thompson is very good at playing imperious, and she even manages an unexpected trace of flirtiness in a few offhanded moments with Hanks.
As much as the script strains to connect Travers' past with her present, Saving Mr. Banks instead resembles two very different movies shoved together.
I found it interminable.
Created by Disney, lauding Walt Disney, about the creation of a Disney classic, it has much the same effect as a trip to Disneyland: It's a heartwarming, sweet, kind, and fantastical ride that works best if you never wonder what's behind the curtain.
It's surprising, given the description of this movie -- negotiations over book rights, a script conference, etc. -- how involving and emotionally moving it really is.
It's Thompson who shines the brightest as the cantankerous control freak author. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
A profoundly confused bit of corporate propaganda.
It may have "heartwarming holiday fare" all but engraved above its title, but it's entertainingly crafted holiday fare, and should warm the hearts of all but the grimmest cynics.
Sadly, audiences have to swallow more than a spoonful of sugar to digest this blatantly phony movie.
The picture finally succeeds as the kind of fantasy that its two main characters consorted in, individually and, on one project, together.
Saving Mr. Banks makes you want to go back and revisit Mary Poppins, and that in itself is the highest compliment one can pay the film.
A desperately Oscar-hungry contrivance whose only hope lies with the terrific Thompson.
A magical experience, this well-written comedy will delight and entertain audiences everywhere.
An intoxicating kiddie cocktail for young-at-heart adults ...
Get ready for a movie about the magic, heartbreak and frustration of making a movie, along with some of the best acting performances of the year.
...an appealing premise that's employed to erratic yet often engrossing effect by filmmaker Hancock...
There's plenty in the film that is worthy of mistrust, but Saving Mr. Banks ... offers a valuable look inside the difficulties of the collaborative creative process.
"Saving Mr. Banks" is a positively charming film filled with heart and a few good laughs along the way. We all know how this venture eventually turned out, but it's fascinating to see just how difficult it was to get there.
A respectful glimpse into the complicated but virtuous person P.L. Travers was, as a woman and an artist. She may have been hard to please, but she likely would have approved of this warmly felt biopic.
It does skew far darker than I ever could have hoped for, and in that way ends up becoming something halfway profound.
The trailer for Saving Mr. Banks resembles the film only slightly more than The Shining resembles that fake trailer for the film that made the rounds 10 or so years ago.
"Saving Mr. Banks" wraps a seduction inside a seduction with enjoyable results. It's a Disney film in every sense of the term.
Nobody plays huffy like Thompson, who seems to sniff with her entire body; she's wonderfully funny against Hanks' effusive Disney.
Travers would have despised it. For the rest of us it's an entertaining, affecting, deftly acted saga, interspersed with illustrative flashbacks from Travers' childhood.
Emma Thompson, all frown lines and tight perm, is terrific as Travers, cutting and brusque on the outside, vulnerable to those who make the effort to look deeper.
Like the Mary Poppins film Disney would eventually serve up, Saving Mr. Banks is an affable, enjoyable spoonful of sugar that sweetens into palatability the sinus-clearing bite of the books - and the implacable iron lady who wrote them.
Saving Mr. Banks is hard to beat as holiday entertainment. Endure the dull melodrama, and give thanks that the sugar in the rest of the film is doled out by the spoonful, not the shovelful.
Thanks to Thompson and Hanks, this movie about the making of a movie hits the sweet spot. There's magic in it.
Even with Thompson's delectably dyspeptic portrayal of Travers, she'd be a difficult protagonist to root for, were it not for the back story of "Mary Poppins" that "Saving Mr. Banks" is really about.
"Saving Mr. Banks" is extremely canny and often great fun, primarily in the scenes in which Travers locks horns with the Disney-ites.
There's something a little incestuous about a studio making a movie about one of its greatest box office triumphs. But Disney's backstage drama about how its whimsical 1964 kids' classic Mary Poppins came to be is a delight.
What makes "Saving Mr. Banks" work is Thompson in a wonderful, nuanced performance that walks a fine line between villain and heroine.
It's enthralling fun to watch Walt Disney (Tom Hanks) focus his charm and instinct on flinty British novelist P.L. Travers (Emma Thompson) as he campaigns to film her Mary Poppins.
Rest assured that, by the end, a little pixie dust will solve everything.
[A] crowd-pleasing comic drama.
If "Saving Mr. Banks" were 100 percent false and yet felt true, that would be fine. But this has the self-conscious whiff, if not of mendacity, then of public relations.
The slick but moving "Saving Mr. Banks" transcends its corporate pedigree to become a great Disney movie about making a Disney movie.
The sharper edges of the Disney/Travers relationship, well-documented by various sources, have been rounded off, but the actors suggest what they can, where they can.
While Saving Mr. Banks may be must-see viewing for Mary Poppins fans, others won't find anything magical about it.
The best parts of "Saving Mr. Banks" offer an embellished, tidied-up but nonetheless reasonably authentic glimpse of the Disney entertainment machine at work.
Gets a lot of mileage from Thompson's full commitment to Travers' testiness.
Emma Thompson's brilliant performance, a story that captures the joy and heartache of creation, the nostalgia of the Sherman brothers' classic songs, combined with Thomas Newman's bittersweet original score, make this a sweetheart of a picture.
P.L. Travers would have hated this charming revisionist tearjerker, but then she didn't think her Mary Poppins should have been a musical.
The irony of Saving Mr. Banks is that it takes this true story of Hollywood conflict, of artistic integrity pitted against studio moxie, and gives it the same warm-and-fuzzy treatment the company gave Poppins.
A sneakily effective work of manipulation that should charm family audiences through the holiday season and beyond.
In a Hollywood where men still pen 85% of all films, there's something sour in a movie that roots against a woman who asserted her artistic control by asking to be a co-screenwriter.
Fetchingly produced, highly diverting inside look at the making of Mary Poppins nonetheless suffers from paucity in the script department.
Even if this comes off like an ad for Disney, it's convincing and contains some of Disney's patented magic -- especially with a predictable, yet effective, emotional ending.
The tagline reads, 'Where her book ended, the real story began.' The condescension only gets worse when you watch the actual film.
Basically, if you were hoping this docudrama would give a thorough insight into the creation of the movie musical Mary Poppins, you will be sorely disappointed.
Saving Mr. Banks uses a spoonful of sugar to force down this new history of Disney and 'Mary Poppins', but a better film would have needed just a pinch.
It would all seem horribly manipulative and distasteful if Saving Mr. Banks weren't buoyed by a strong sense of nostalgia and, yes, a good bit of Disney Magic(TM).
Even if this occasionally clunky "making of" picture does soften a lot of ragged edges, the trademark Disney charm's gonna getcha.
Entertaining story of the tenderizing of a critical and persnickety writer.
One of the best pictures of the year
Saving Mr. Banks turns Travers's tense collaboration with Walt and his team of Imagineers into -- naturally -- a schmaltzy journey of closure, climaxing in a teary screening of the finished musical.
Just as Travers is eventually won over by her Hollywood adversaries, the strong sentimental pull of ''Saving Mr. Banks'' overwhelms, too.
Intriguing behind-the-scenes drama of how in 1961 "Mary Poppins" was filmed by Walt Disney and released in 1964.
Will leave you wet-eyed and appreciative for it. It's a personal story that proves to be more than a little universal.
Saving Mr. Banks is a joyful tale made all the better by a winning cast especially the fantastic supporting performance from Colin Farrell.
"Saving Mr. Banks'' is ultimately much less about magic than making the sale, in more ways than one.
Despite its likable sheen, breezy style and occasional emotional wallop, "Saving Mr. Banks" makes the mistake of minimizing, as opposed to illuminating, the creative process.
A definite must-see for long-time Disney fans.
Irresistibly enchanting, high-spirited fun....
The efforts of Walt Disney to get the author of "Mary Poppins" to sign movie rights are almost as intriguing as the books themselves.
It's not the narrative of how something good and pure was turned into pap. It's a reminder that art means something to its makers... a delightful, magical, sometimes splendiferous celebration of imagination
An affecting if somewhat soft-soaped comedy drama, elevated by excellent performances.
'Saving Mr. Banks' is an awful film, perhaps an evil one. But it will make a great grad school paper.
Thompson is so delightfully acerbic and convincing that she makes Saving Mr. Banks safe for people who find Disney films too saccharine. Not adventurous, but entertaining.
This is a good looking film with strong performances and a rich musical score by Thomas Newman ('Skyfall'). but there are certain narrative and structural problems that hold it back.
A tale of memory and redemption that does little to linger in the mind and even less to decry P.L. Travers's claim that Disney turns everything it touches into schmaltz.
A fun and often poignant film but how much do you trust this story?
The end result, though well-mounted and featuring knock-the-soot-out-of-your-chimney performances from Emma Thompson as Travers and Tom Hanks as the movie mogul, feels more like a Disney theme park version of events than the real story.
A lovely, sentimental and quietly insightful account of the making of Mary Poppins that traces the roots of PL Travers's most famous creation to the author's personal paternal past.
One might say the ultimate irony in the clash of cultures and approaches to storytelling exemplified by P.L Travers and Walt Disney's tussle over Mary Poppins, is the Disneyification of the dispute: Uncle Walt's empire enjoying the last word.
Emma Thompson's barbs sprinkle the underlying pathos with great humour, while Hanks ( ... ) again shows his wide-ranging brilliance despite carrying Hollywood's greatest mogul on his shoulders.
In the end Saving Mr Banks, pitched at the family market for the festive season, is nothing but a big corporation boasting about its own marvellousness.
It's a slow-moving but lightly charming story that brings back memories of the delightful Julie Andrews classic movie.
Saving Mr Banks might not be entirely accurate, but it is wholly engaging.
Hanks and Thompson are a delight, Farrell gives one of his best performances, and there are some lovely moments as we observe the creation of the musical, especially when we hear the tunes.
An enjoyable, occasionally laughable, and sometimes moving drama, with Emma Thompson on fine brittle form as the quintessentially English Australian who gave the world its most famous nanny.
One of the big shocks of 2013: the Mary Poppins origin story is unspeakably lovely.
Warm, heartening and often rather splendid, there's only one word for it. Even though the sound of it is something quite atrocious...
The film is such unashamed propaganda, it may as well have been titled Triumph of the Walt.
The sugar-to-medicine ratio is fixed at around 15 parts to one, but there's nothing wrong with true sweetness.
It proves what we always suspected. Art and entertainment were born to be at loggerheads. But sometimes the best art and best entertainment come from the battles fought first, with each other, to survive.
Emma Thompson is terrific as the no-nonsense raspish writer who tongue-lashes the great and good. It is easy to forget that as well as actor, writer and all round good egg, Thompson is also a very accomplished comedienne.
Utterly charming, frequently funny and powerfully emotional comedy-drama with a most delightful script, spit-spot-on production design work and wondrous, award-worthy performances from Emma Thompson and Tom Hanks.
The whole thing goes down with a few bucketloads of sugar. What keeps it from becoming sticky schmaltz is Emma Thompson, who plays Travers with wit and warmth.
This sweet, funny and superbly-acted drama really goes down in a most delightful way.
While you could scoff at the gaps in historical truthfulness and excessively string-tugging score, the picture eventually overcomes its own manipulativeness and sentiment with a great collective cast and sheer cumulative effect.
This is not a simple story of an uptight English woman induced to loosen up by those freedom-lovin' Yanks, but a delicate and brilliantly acted story of overcoming the past to embrace an uncertain future.
A tailor-made Hollywood crowd-pleaser, "Saving Mr. Banks" is as much fantasy as fact in the telling of Walt Disney's tenacious efforts to transform "Mary Poppins" into a movie, with necessary approval from the popular children's book author.
Hanks takes to Walt like a pair of cosy slippers, but it's Thompson who adds layers to a classy but predictable slice of Disney schmaltz.
In the best tradition of Disney, it is a film to make you laugh and cry.
Peerless performances stayed with solid cinematography, a stirring score, and especially dishy dialogue, make Saving Mr. Banks is a solid biopic.
The engaging performances and story mean that you'd have to have a heart of stone not to be swept up in it.
When the big emotional breakthrough happens at freaking Disneyland I have to get off the ride.
Earmarked as a masterpiece, but it doesn't fully deliver on its promise.
Featuring a stellar cast led by Emma Thompson and Tom Hanks, Saving Mr. Banks is a heartfelt ode to the pain of creation.
Disney's own Entourage
What could have merely been a studio's love letter to itself winds up being a meditation on the power that art has for artists as a way to exorcise the past.
One senses that Disney would have liked it more than Travers would, but given how Mary Poppins turned out, that's perhaps the most appropriate outcome you could ask for.
Smart, witty entertainment. Job done. Spit spot.
Somewhere, Uncle Walt is smiling.
The film brims with thoughtful and engaging performances and is punctuated with smart dashes of music guaranteed to make any audience want to track down the original film.
An enormous spoonful of sugar and the tiniest bit of medicine: it all goes down, just about.
Lee Hancock has provided a worthy homage to Mary Poppins, in a picture that, though somewhat fluffy, is exactly what'd you hope such a film to be.
It's easy to imagine the real Helen Lyndon Goff balking at the sentimental touches, but you know what they say about a spoonful of sugar...

@highlight

Aggressively likable and sentimental to a fault, Saving Mr. Banks pays tribute to the Disney legacy with excellent performances and sweet, high-spirited charm.