The four main characters are all odd, sad and lonely. No wonder they don't call each other on their cells to straighten things out -- they're all too depressed to dial.
Wicker Park is one of those maddening movies in which the characters do incredibly stupid things simply for the sake of plot contrivance, and everyone's problems would be solved if they simply picked up their cell phones.
A quite extraordinarily boring psychological drama of obsession, impersonation and mistaken identity.
Wicker Park then doubles back on itself, layering flashback upon flashback, but instead of building toward a grand romantic climax, it just gets sillier before exploding into a torrent of unintended laughs.
Both bland and slightly daft.
Tortuously twisting in on itself, Wicker Park keeps you guessing as it keeps its central pair apart. But it's scuppered by a plodding obviousness that's underlined by a sledgehammer soundtrack.
Convoluted though this plot may seem, at least the inventive visuals from Gangster No 1 director Paul McGuigan keep you engrossed.
These four characters bounce off each other, slowly revealing motivations and desires and deceptions, providing a mildly entertaining, but ultimately shallow, experience.
Wicker Park is built on such a goofy premise that your average soap-opera scriptwriter would laugh it out of a story meeting.
There are some striking visuals and Hartnett is a magnetic presence.
This dopey thriller isn't worth your time.
A convoluted structure makes this story hard work, but like the French original, it engages with its dazzling zig zag of time frames and varied perspective.
Director Paul McGuigan keeps the story racing along, but it smacks of contrived manipulation rather than credibility.
The filmmakers cannot decide what sort of story they want to tell, and as a result, the story they tell isn't really worth the telling.
McGuigan imbues Wicker Park with a disorienting atmosphere and visual style, using available window panes and deep focus techniques like a split-screen effect to show simultaneous actions and emotions upon which the narrative twists and turns.
Sadly, we never really get the sense that these individuals are at the mercy of their capricious desires, and the absence of that engagement leaves us rather too much time to ponder the plot holes.
Wicker Park frustrates to no end when a smidgen of common sense on anyone's behalf would clear up everything.
A nice example of what happens to a Hitchcock shrine when it's filtered through a slick punk sensibility.
That Wicker Park becomes as engrossing as it does is particularly shocking, given the almost interminable opening hour...
Feel free to take a leisurely stroll out to the lobby for Swedish fish in the middle of Wicker Park. Missing 10 minutes won't affect your ability to follow this babel in the least.
Weightless, dim-witted treacle.
Take a pretty good script, a pretty good Director, and a horrible cast, and what you get is Wicker Park.
High style masks rather than updates what's essentially conventional in the material, and the plot unfolds on a seeming need-to-know basis. It's aggravating.
Something, Je ne sais quoi, was lost in translation when the French thriller L'Appartement was remade into this obtuse romantic mystery.
Deep down, it's a very bad joke.
This is all hugely unconvincing, especially since the hero already has a fiancée who seems a more alluring prospect than either of her replacements.
I usually prefer a film that stays in a logical sequence but Josh Hartnett is a captivating kind of guy who holds your attention throughout the flashback sequences.
A dull melodrama marked by plot coincidences of staggering stupidity.
Aside from Rose Byrne's complex performance, there's nothing here that improves upon the original.
Matthew always seems worth caring about, thanks to the unfailingly nice and sincere vibe Hartnett gives off.
Not a patch on the original, this is basically the same story but completely stripped of atmosphere, style and tension -- rent the French version instead.
This process raises an array of questions, some relevant to the central plot and some just irritating.
A shapeless mess.
I am giving it thumbs up because of a very attractive cast and they do a wonderful job with what they got.
Being nonlinear means never having to make sense. Without its digressions and flash-forwards, Wicker Park's plot would barely fill two minutes of screen time.
Doesn't lead to much beyond weepy melodrama.
Makes your brain spin in surprising and pleasurable ways.
[A] melancholy, lightweight, less-than-thrilling stalker tale.
It's a sad day indeed when a movie's most memorable performance belongs to Scooby Doo's Matthew Lillard.
This is a great date movie. Handholding can get quite serious during the film's many intense scenes.
The story had no guts and cheated the audience with such insanely coincidental plot twists that made me to fight to stay in my seat.
What begins as a pleasantly utilitarian thriller gradually decays into a mediocre suspense drama and ends as an irritatingly feeble love story called Wicker Park...
...a shallow, inept story of romantic miscues, with enough loose ends to make you wonder if anyone was even paying attention during the filming.
They have translated a foreign film to an American friendly version in a way that neither diminishes nor excessively departs from the original.
This film is genuinely interested in getting us inside the heads of its three leads (Matthew, Alex, and Lisa). It wants us to understand, although not necessarily sympathize with, all three of them.
Josh Hartnett wanders around Wicker Park like he's been doped up with a low-dose horse tranquilizer, looking mildly bewildered...
Falls apart because of the trivial narrative.
a melancholy mess of a movie where attractive people act like idiots for a few hours, all the while performing as if they were in a murder mystery or a ghost story.
Hartnett dodged bombs in "Pearl Harbor", now he stars in the biggest bomb of his career.
A powerfully compelling film that gains most of its intrigue via the artifice of purposefully withholding information from the moviegoer.
This American version can't hold a candle to its French counterpart, which was deeply, eerily resonant where this is only frustrating, a Rubik's Cube, minus its colorful signage.
It's no coincidence that Wicker Park doesn't work.
...a romantic thriller devoid of romance, but it does thrill with the anticipation of how over the top the filmmakers' next move will be.
Takes plenty of twists and turns, each so implausible and silly that you have no interest whatsoever in finding out what the next one will be.
It seems to take a confused eternity to get started, but once director Paul McGuigan's m.o. finally becomes apparent, the thing takes on a dogged kind of interest.
Oh dear readers run to another theater and don't look back...
While the cast is beautiful to look at, by the time the movie reveals what's really going on, you'll be struck with more boredom than shock.
Wicker Park is an otherworldly dream, and as it progressed I couldn't help but inch more and more up in my seat to take it all in.
Not the customary disposable cinematic fare released on the always-slow Labor Day weekend, but an intriguing, original film of ideas and human feeling.
What could have been a high-art thriller ends up to be a low-brow movie of the week.
Relies on too many coincidences and confusing flashbacks.
An interesting formal exercise: exceedingly hard to swallow, but quietly engrossing...deserves style points for sticking to an unconventional narrative.
Wicker Park's nifty jigsaw puzzle of a story is done in by unfortunate casting choices.
A return to the bad old days when American studios made lame versions of European hits.
McGuigan seems to have invested more in the youth and glamour of his cast than in a plausible and exacting script.
It's a movie consisting of two radically different halves, at least in terms of tone. And while the second half doesn't entirely atone for all the liberties taken in the first, it does a better job than might be expected.
A limp and exceedingly uninvolving melodrama about -- gasp! -- a series of unfortunate miscommunications.
This is a smart movie, full of astonishing reverses and switchbacks, and it adroitly walks the thin line between too clever by half and not clever enough by three-quarters.
All of this was more enjoyable when Bellucci, Cassel and Bohringer were the stars.
McGuigan's callow actors (it bears noting that the original French cast has an average of 10 years on the young Americans) have nothing to bring to their one-attribute characters ... and the agonies of cartoons don't amount to much.
The result is a mess, but it's fun to watch it explode.
Five minutes into this eye-crossingly dull drama, you wonder not just what is going on, but why on earth you should care. (The short answer: You should not.)
Features a story so convoluted, audience members should be given a bag of breadcrumbs upon entry, so as to leave a trail through the logic.
Dumb, suspense- free and undersexed stalker drama.
Like a stream of vapor trails trying to be a cloud, a floating 'thriller' of posed moods and inane jolts that make viewers laugh.
A story of romantic obsession that becomes progressively sillier and more implausible as it limps to a sappy conclusion.
A romance that isn't romantic and a thriller lacking thrills.
One too many scenes with Hartnett's genuinely unpleasant doofus drain away any investment in a film that's suddenly become an elaborate farce without jokes.
A piece of entertainment as tired and throwaway as a discount Harlequin paperback, but it comes sheathed in the flashiest of book covers.
One of the silliest, most sieve-like screenplays of the year.
The whole incoherent mess is sort of like a downbeat Gap ad, only longer and a lot more boring.
While it's refreshing to see a thriller that doesn't fit the usual mold, a couple of actual thrills would have been nice.
A fairly engrossing look at the havoc obsession can wreak on people's lives.
The plot contains a few nice surprises, but the movie works most spectacularly as a compendium of idiotic movie behavior.
Like eating beans before the opera, you may suffer the embarrassment of unfortunate outbursts at inappropriate moments -- in short, be prepared to laugh in all the wrong places.
There are no thrills, psychological or otherwise; the plot twist comes halfway through and then gets beaten to death; and none of the characters take on any depth or texture beyond their obsessions.
Not a movie that inspires you to turn the puzzle over in your head after it's done. More likely, you'll wish you had amnesia.
Grows increasingly ludicrous over the course of its nearly two-hour running time, to the point where it almost appears to become a comedy.
Once we understand the principle (if not the details) of the plot, Wicker Park works because the actors invest their scenes with what is, under the circumstances, astonishing emotional realism.
Depends on coincidences so remote and behavior so improbable that they couldn't take place once in a millennium.
The preview audience I saw it with hooted in disbelief at the outrageous bits, then happily dug in to see what would happen next.
...goes about telling its story in the most complicated manner possible, all while mistaking its unnecessary complications for cleverness.
There's no way we could possibly miss Wicker Park's essential emptiness. Not with the underpowered cast straining to strike sparks that just aren't there.
Wicker Park, a deeply psychological story about love and obsession, is really a hard film to pin down--but refreshingly enough, that's a good thing
Snicker Park is more like it
Ambitious script, slick director, strong supporting cast ... wrong lead actors.
A cheesy romance novel with some artsy editing.
It's a softer portrait of mental instability, and a revenge picture mixed with Splenda instead of Jack Daniels.
For some, this will be an enjoyable mystery to sort out; for others it's a headache waiting to happen.
Paul McGuigan has such an engaging way of telling stories that it's a shame to see his skills put toward a movie with such a silly third act.
'Wicker Park' is so forgettable that I needed to dig up the press kit in order to remember the names of most of the characters less than two hours after seeing it.
Wicker Park feels like an import stripping film sprockets as it struggles to fit the American mold. Advice from this aisle seat: Bring along a pad and pencil.
Wicker Park's story and execution are exercises in obfuscation, but sadly, in both cases, all the smoke and mirrors are working hard to obscure nothing of interest.
None of this is interesting in the least, nor is it remotely thrilling or mysterious -- just convoluted, monotonous and riddled with inconsistencies.
Josh Hartnett sleepwalks.
Directorial touches can't do much to salvage a project as poorly conceived as this one.
There are a lot more coincidences -- in fact, there's a multiple- coincidence pileup -- and each one wears your patience a little thinner.
A very straight translation, with its complex, non-linear structure intact and none of the goofy comedy or lurid embellishments that have found their way into previous Hollywood clones of the genre.
McGuigan has a superb sense of wild romanticism, sometimes blending it with thriller-style tension and other times just reveling in it.
A mess structurally, and any attempt to make sense of its non-linear narrative is guaranteed to bring on an instant migraine.
An elegant tale of romantic obsession weighed down by a needlessly convoluted plot that yields far more confusion than psychological suspense.
A film with more unbelievable coincidences than a Henry Fielding novel, more plot holes than a Swiss cheese and populated with the stock characters of that Hollywood world, that cinematic parallel universe.
A stilted, episodic tale of obsession that grows more ridiculous by the second.
Its mood swings jump from erotic thriller to wistful romance, and its final explanatory moments play like a weak comic farce.
Nothing in the movie is what it appears to be, which is unfortunate since, at the outset at least, what it appears to be is interesting.
Thirty years after Brian De Palma riffed on Hitchcock's Vertigo with Obsession, MGM and Lakeshore Productions decide to add insult to injury.
Like a perpetual motion machine that careens crazily along until it collapses under its own weight; its cleverness outruns itself, and its intricacy trails off into absurdity.
Hartnett is far too stolid to convey the frazzled desperation required by McGuigan's soporific romantic mystery Wicker Park.
A classy psychological thriller that challenges the audience to keep up with it.
To work, it has to make us feel crazy with love, like Vertigo did. Instead, it often just makes us feel crazy for believing any of it.
This poorly acted romantic thriller is an abysmal mess.
Wicker Park isn't very good, but it is fixable. The biggest problems are caused when director Paul McGuigan is trying to do too much.
McGuigan could have done better with a more energetic lead than Hartnett, who seems to have studied at the Keanu Reeves School of Emotional Expression.
Visually interesting enough to make up for several weak plot points.
Three of the four leads are terrible (but) keen and cunning storytelling makes it possible to see Wicker Park for its strengths despite its tremendous weaknesses.
...impressed me enough to want to recommend the film to anyone who...
It stars Josh Hartnett and Diane Kruger, two excruciatingly lightweight actors with zero chemistry.
there's a je ne sais quoi about the film that transcends what might otherwise be mere art for art's sake and makes it pleasantly enjoyable
tricks the audience into deceiving itself before unraveling another set of assumptions by deftly shifting the point of view
Weak acting, silly story, and totally incomprehensible.
Wooden performances, bad musical choices and one too many twists kill the good times.
Dippy romantic thriller.
Sums up everything that's wrong with American remakes of foreign films: it's dumbed down so far, it's just plain dumb.
A slick movie with a nice-looking cast and a script that strips away everything that made the original so elusive and involving.


@highlight

Implausible coincidences and an overly convoluted structure make the movie hard to follow or believe.