Endearingly funny.
The good news is Efron can carry a movie on his own; he just needs to be more picky about what he chooses ... despite some good scenes, the script is too lazy for anyone to really save.
It knows it has one thing going for it: teen idol Zac Efron. So it shows off that boy from beginning to end: shaggy hair, dreamy eyes, etc. ... '17 Again' is a virtual Efronathon, and I can't imagine his fans complaining.
Efron's adequate but completely anonymous work keep this from achieving true liftoff.
17 Again is a reasonably entertaining time at the theater, offering something both for youngsters ... and for their parents.
While it's not in the same classic league, the movie has a nice Back to the Future vibe to it.
...ultimately fits comfortably within the pantheon of above-average body-switching comedies.
Efron, whose biggest onscreen drawback is his ever-changing '60s mod hairdo, owns almost every moment, milking the minimal laughs available while playing up the material's maudlin strengths.
It's cute and sweet and generally inoffensive.
Zac Efron couldn't ask for a more flattering breakout vehicle than the charming 17 Again
I'd never be 17 again.
17 Again manages to squeeze more than a little life from the old "switch-movie" trope, along the way transforming itself into a sweet and amusing comedy.
17 Again manages to be very sweet and romantic for the most part, and despite the fetishizing of living in the past, it really more about being responsible for one's choices and grateful for what one has.
perhaps the movie should be called, "The Film You've Seen 17 Times Before, Again."
Mesa mesa sto syrfeto ton klise, an ton antekseis, ehei stigmes aprosdokita (kai abola) komikes, haritomena (kai sygkratimena) paihnidia me MILFs kai cougars kai ermineies kalodehoymena aksioprepeis
Efron's presence can't disguise a movie patched together by people who apparently didn't read beyond the pitch.
Finally admit to yourself Zac Efron may just have the stuff to make it big. Do it. Do it NOW.
'17 Again' demonstrates that Effron has rightfully earned some of the rampant adulation that has come his way.
Derivative to be sure, but smarter and funnier than expected with some good life lessons along the way.
You won't see much new, but you'll enjoy every moment of it.
Efron makes th emost of the stale script, but there's not that much to be made of it.
Thomas Lennon, best known as the short-shorted Lt. Dangle on Reno 911!, steals every scene as Mike's dorky best friend.
Despite the predictable body-shifting premise and a heavy dose of sentimentality, this teen comedy is extremely enjoyable
Nothing new here.
It relies primarily on charm and unabashed sweetness that perfectly suits Efron's easy grace.
Efron's appealing within the confines of his limited range, but like the film itself, a severe case of blandness puts a lid on any breakout potential.
Look, if you go for the whole Zac Efron thing, all is well. Me, I found his blandness to be a crippling flaw from which the movie had no prayer of recovering.
The premise may have been done and overdone but Zac Efron makes it somehow fresh.
It must have taken the powers-that-be a brief 20-minute lunch session over a stale roast beef sandwich to conceive this woefully derivative teen comedy
Innocuous eighties like high school fantasy sitcom with no cutting edge.
There was nothing here that was particularly funny, new, or inventive.
I was disappointed.
Just funny enough to recommend, although other than some incestuous father-daughter sexual tension, there's nothing particularly novel or memorable about this cliché-ridden variation on the time-travel comedy theme.
If you ever wondered what the HSM series would have been like without Zac Efron's bad singing you have your answer in 17 Again
Then there's [Matthew] Perry. He is a full foot taller than [Zac] Efron, heavier, much different face %u2014 need I continue?
Very little creative energy was expended in making this film.
As much fun as 17 Again has with its young-again reverie, the conclusions Mike reaches are not fantastic, but, more accurately, adult.
This isn't the first "body swap" movie ever made.
It's a strange movie indeed that is all about a 37-year-old heterosexual male and yet isn't likely to appeal to any 37-year-old heterosexual males.
Efron seems to be on autopilot just going through the motions. His charismatic good looks will mesmerize the audience into believing he can act. Besides a priceless smile and a few nifty dance steps, he excels at dribbling and twirling a basketball.
So-so comedy will amuse young Efron fans more than parents.
If you've seen any of the "body swap" movies that were made in previous years, then there's no need whatsoever to see 17 Again.
Yeah, if only he hadn't taken care of the high school girl he knocked up, everything would have worked out better for him. That's so wrong I can't believe it got through script development.
It's as if they had the idea and wanted to rush it out before Efron got too old or too edgy to put in a film like this.
The film is an intoxicating blend of comedy and fantasy that's really difficult to dislike.
Highly derivative but still moderately enjoyable comedy...mostly because of Efron, who's easily the best reason to see the picture.
It's an entertaining showcase for its star, and that's all it really needs to be.
Efron, frankly, lacks the comic agility required for a role this nimble; he's as elastic as hard plastic.
Wholesome just isn't as wholesome as it used to be.
17 Again makes the '80s comedies on which it's modeled seem positively cutting-edge by comparison.
Despite occasional misfires, this Zac Efron comedy earns its laughs and delivers its life lessons.
I found him a sympathetic, and strangely believable, middle-aged dad.
Can't we just watch Freaky Friday again? Really, I'd take either version at this point.
Follows the same tired, well-worn path as other comedies in the same genre, but gets a boost from Zac Efron and Leslie Mann.
It could be better, it could be worse.
17 Again takes a while to get cooking, and at times it just feels like a pale imitation of 13 Going on 30. Still, it's often breezily entertaining, partly thanks to Efron, who certainly knows how to be cute.
If you're looking for the performance that might one day be characterized as Efron's embarrassing breakout role, this is a good bet.
17 Again isn't a sophisticated work of art, nor was it intended to be. It's often silly, sometimes fun silly, sometimes too silly.
Not only avoids shooting itself in the foot, but occasionally makes the dodging look like dancing -- and Thomas Lennon steals the film.
Zac Efron, a man in need of a slightly better movie.
It's as if 17 Again were conceived as a batch of three-minutes sketches. Some of them are fine, many are awful, and they don't hang together at all because the movie is so plastic and phony and willing to sell out its characters for the sake of a laugh.
You've seen it done better.
Zac Efron shoots and scores in 17 Again which puts its own hilarious and heartwarming spin on a familiar premise and makes it work effortlessly.
The movie manages to glide along engagingly and swiftly.
17 Again makes Xeroxes look original.
Many have wondered how they might live certain parts of their lives over again. 17 Again offers its own fantasy%u2014that you wouldn't want to change a thing, even if you could.
Zac Efron, looking cool, is movie enough for the makers of 17 Again, a halfhearted fantasy that stars Efron in a role cryogenically frozen around the time of C. Thomas Howell's '80s heyday.
When 17 Again isn't pilfering from its betters, it's engaging in the most Pavlovian button-pushing.
Parental Content Review
A decent time-passer for adults, and essential for any girl under 12.
If most of the summer fare is popcorn, consider 17 Again the cotton candy desert.
17 Again is meant to be a comedy but remains mostly mirth-free.
17 Again is yet another teenage flick that is completely out of my demo and completely unoriginal but delivers great laughs and an overall fun experience.
Keeps people and things moving fast enough so that you don't have time to worry about the details, like the inanity of the story.
The filmmakers don't give their viewers credit for a minimum level of observation and, as a result, have produced a sloppy, lazy motion picture.
This timelessly universal wish-fulfillment tale unfolds with endearing tenderness and a light touch.
It's silly, but the generational love matches it entrains.
The situation is cleverly exploited for light laughs and the kind of sunny, undemanding entertainment that is easy to consume.
17 Again is good-humoured, pacy and exactly the right kind of entertainment for its target audience.
I suppose I should be impressed that 17 Again turned out to be bad in a way I did not anticipate: it is awkward and creepy.
Efron is brilliant here, bursting with personality and showing a mastery of comic timing.
A delightful, crowd-pleasing comedy radiating with a charismatic performance by Zac Efron. It's pure, undiluted fun.
It's not going to blow your mind or change your world, but 17 Again has a heart, a brain and a funny bone.
If you can't figure out what happens, you've never seen a movie. And if you haven't, please, God, don't start with this one.
The result is lumpy and irritating, but 17 Again regroups whenever Efron is back on screen.
Though not as clever as 13 Going on 30 or Freaky Friday, it's also not as hokey as Hannah. For a swoon-fest aimed at tweens, 17 Again has a lot going for it.
Efron has no edge. And although that edgelessness might prolong his career, it keeps 17 Again from having anything surprising to say about teenage life in 2009.
17 Again is product, loaded with high fructose corn syrup so the girls will like it, and as meaningful as an afternoon at the mall.
For me, 17 Again is mildly diverting. For the tweens who are its target audience, Efron's outside shot is a three-pointer.
You know those movies that look like they're going to be really insipid and then completely surprise you? 17 Again isn't one of those.
Though Mann and Perry are game, it's Efron who carries the movie.
You needn't be a Zac Efron fan to enjoy the appealing 17 Again.
Has enough fresh charm to make up for the lack of originality.
Afraid that pubescent shrieking and swooning will drown out critical plot points of this zany body-swap flick? No worries! 17 Again is essentially a flipbook of Zac Efron pictures with some sound thrown over it.
Among others, this comic fantasy borrows from 13 Going on 30, Big and even It's a Wonderful Life. But it also has some charm to it as well.
With plenty of help from a fine supporting cast, Efron deftly handles the fish-out-of-water hijinks and slips through more icky May-September romantic entanglements than an average season of Friday Night Lights.
Zac Efron is a good looking kid who exudes a sweetness and a talent for comic timing. This film rests squarely on his shoulders and he proves capable of carrying it.
It's easy to dismiss 17 Again as well-worn teenybopper fluff, but there's a shocking level of maturity here
Grafting together pieces of Big, Freaky Friday and Peggy Sue Got Married, among many others, "17 Again" hits the usual plot beats. If only any of this were funny.
It's more entertaining than it has any right to be, and I don't think I'm just saying that because I was mesmerized by Zac Efron's abs.
A high school fantasy where few classes are taken, tests are a figment of one's imagination, and the students, all of them stock exaggerations, roam the hallways without a thought in their puny minds.
The movie manages a few good jokes about inappropriate flirtations, but it never addresses the bigger questions of why the marriage went wrong or what Mike is supposed to be doing about it.
17 Again puts Disney commodity Zac Efron into a recycled Freaky Friday plot and ends up with a surprisingly un-awful 'tween comedy.
Funny and lively, with a healthy dollop of sentimentality, it reassures us that all is not lost, except maybe our six-pack abs, as we descend into schlubby, dissatisfied middle age.
The ancient body-switching premise is animated by a breezy script that briefly addresses some of its darker implications before returning to a celebration of adolescence.
17 Again is pleasant, harmless PG-13 entertainment, with a plot a little more surprising and acting a little better than I expected.
Efron, as a teen with the brain of a father, ably carries this featherweight movie.
The picture charms easily and makes a decent pass at a heart. Considering the director and the iffy premise, I think the idea of 17 Again being anything other than migraine-inducing is worth a few minutes of applause and smiley reflection.
Forget being too old--Zac Efron is just too good for this.
There's evidence that the young heartthrob might make a decent leading man if only he'd apply himself.
A zany comedy about the unpredictable and tricky nature of love.
A slack do-over fantasy in which Zac Efron, as a basketball star, looks baffled as to why he hasn't been asked to sing and dance.
Turns out there's more to Zac Efron than the grinning, vacant marionette from the High School Musical series.
17 Again is a comically responsible way for Efron to leave his teen roles behind and make his teen audience think about the adult decisions they now face.
The kid may not be the next Sean Penn, but he is definitely a movie star.
Efron dominates the screen with his charm and his effortless comic timing...
Tween audiences may be susceptible to Zac Efron's smile and basketball skills but I'm sure their adult guardians will wonder what all the fuss is about.
Zac Efron is charming, Sterling Knight is a great young find, and second-chance comedies of grownups in teen bodies are timeless, so to speak. So why is this movie so creepy and pervy-seeming?
A stinker of a comedy ... Writer Jason Filardi wouldn't know a joke if it jumped up and bit him in the behind ... guaranteed 100% laugh-free.
If you had any doubts about whether Zac Efron is major star material, just watch the first few minutes of Burr Steers' 17 Again.
If this is one small step for the actor toward becoming a leading man, it is, for Hollywood movies, one more giant leap into infantilism.
The idea of going back to high school is so overdone, there was even an entire episode of Family Guy that parodied it.
The surprise factor is that the film has just enough charm and good humour in its own right to broaden that demographic to a wider, recession-hit audience in search of undemanding, feel-good fun.
A film most teenage girls will swoon over, and I guess I found myself being 17 Again in doing so too.
Even with actors who echoed each other's mannerisms, 17 Again would still be lame.
Though there are mistaken identity moments of mirth, the cheese factor unfortunately lets it down...
An energetic but earthbound comic fantasy that borrows a few moves, if little inspiration, from Big and It's a Wonderful Life.
Though sweet and occasionally charming, the comedy is innocuous, formulaic and predictable, borrowing elements from Big, Peggy Sue, Back to the Future.
The leads are charming, the comedy well judged and the script, however predictable, sure-footed, playing on notions of midlife nostalgia with grace and integrity.
Amusing, wholesome fun for young teenage swooners who will squirm with horror at the adults who ought to know better.
Three stars for its undemanding fun and occasional wry barb about lost youth. But, add one or even two more stars depending on how much bedroom wall space Zac currently commands.
Zac has star quality and it starts to shine here. He's got an exciting future ahead of him - and it's not just amongst the tween audience.
17 Again is a triumph of casting genius to rival the Davis/Crawford pairing in Baby Jane.
Check out 17 Again, an age-swap comedy co-starring Matthew Perry, only if you have daughters who will kill for a sight of heartthrob Zac Efron.
Boasting good comic delivery and a surprising ability to jerk the tears, Efron proves he's more than a pretty face, though the fact he's already topless in scene one shows the studio knows which way its bread is buttered.
Here's the shocker: 17 Again is actually pretty good.
Enjoyable, frequently funny body swap comedy with likeable characters, a decent script and a superb central performance from Zac Efron.
A very enjoyable, and often fantastically funny, teen movie.
Being 17 has never been so enticing! Guaranteed to lift your spirits, make you laugh and charm your socks off, this body switch comedy is wild, wacky and wonderful. If the crazy situations and characters don't suck you in, charismatic Zac Efron will.







@highlight

Though it uses a well-worn formula, 17 Again has just enough Zac Efron charm to result in a harmless, pleasurable teen comedy.