After robots, aliens, sharks and Nazis, it appears Spielberg has finally found a subject even he cannot sentimentalise -- insurance lawyers. But that doesn't mean he won't try.
Several things save Bridge of Spies from becoming too ideologically tacky, such as the skillful mainstream filmmaking. But the movie's biggest saving grace is the relationship that forms between Donovan and Abel.
Relevant political subtext is undoubtedly the most interesting aspect the film has going for it next to the unexpected deadpan comedy
The film doesn't quite do its real-life hero justice, but there are a few remarkable things to come out of it.
In anyone else's hands these laboured heroics might be tough-going, but Hanks, with a distant echo of James Stewart, more than gets away with it.
Bridge of Spies is a crisp, slow-burning thriller that holds a lot of winks. It's suspenseful, sure, but so confident in the way it forges a delicate balance between international intrigue and brevity.
I would simply be remiss if I failed to point out the lowered stakes. The closest the film comes to acknowledging that anyone's life might truly be on the line is in the blankly understated face of Rylance's Abel.
On paper, this based-on-true-events drama reads like a bore. But under the skilful hands of director-producer Steven Spielberg working on a script by Matt Charman and the Coen brothers, this is one intriguing thriller.
Bridge of Spies is, as an example of mainstream entertainment, a beautiful achievement. For those of us who want a bit more authenticity, though, it's clear that even while portraying dark events, Steven Spielberg only rarely strays away from the light.
Director Steven Spielberg gives audiences a meticulously composed espionage thriller, which establishes a tense atmosphere from the start and keeps the viewer engaged throughout. [Full review in Japanese]
Bridge of Spies may be devoid of spectacle, but it is still full of wonder and well worth a watch.
Bridge of Spies is never less than brilliantly made, tense and with a satisfyingly twisty plot but Spielberg's recurring late period theme of honest men doing their best in a wicked world is just a little over-baked.
Bridge of Spies is a bit overstuffed and full of itself, but it is competently made, a little exciting and a little funny and a little, well, little.
For all its limitations, it's one of the few genuinely brainy Oscarbait films of the year.
Though there's little action, the heart races and fists clench.
There is plenty of striking work on view, including that of Mr. Dreamworks himself, who still has eerily keen instincts for maximizing the emotional impacts of his shots.
This is a filmmaker with a lifetime of skill and experience, crafting his vintage pictures with style and grace, and we're all better off for it.
Bridge of Spies is an incredibly well-made film that should be applauded for its craft and controlled tone, and will appeal to those looking for something more mature than a Bond film.
Mark Rylance [gives] a masterclass on understatement.
It's rare to see a protagonist who's so gently human, so righteously patriotic, and so believable, making "Bridge Of Spies" one of the most striking spy movies ever made.
It's a mellow film which, much like Lincoln, aims for believability rather than excitement.
The importance - and the horrors - sitting behind its Cold War backdrop is illustrated in a rather lazy and stage-like manner, contrasting Spielberg's typically spot-on detail.
Any doubt that Steven Spielberg is a latter-day Frank Capra can be put to rest: Bridge of Spies is a celebration of an Everyman empowered by America's can-do spirit of justice and decency, in this case doing nothing less than saving the world.
It's reminiscent of a Clint Eastwood film; solemn, with no provocative scenes, filled with images that remind us of what America was built on. [Full Review in Spanish]
Bridge of Spies is an inspiring drama about a man, like any of us, who struggled to do the right thing. [Full Review in Spanish]
Locates the sweet spot for so much (superficially) disparate recent Spielberg: morally engaged and reflective, yet playful and funny and loose -- and with the formal beauty [of] one of American cinema's greatest mainstream artists.
Bridge of Spies is a quality film featuring loads of commendable work, but Spielberg's glossy and exceedingly upbeat take on the material might make it more of a crowdpleaser than an Oscar contender.
With an overriding penchant for nobility above all, Bridge of Spies has a welcome straightforward charm despite its ultimately understated impact.
The master of multiplexes certainly found a fantastic tale for his 31st feature.
A lesson in how to direct movies and proves why Spielberg is matchless in his ability to place the camera as a narrator who tells a story through images. [Full review in Spanish]
Steven Spielberg goes into Stanley Kramer mode for Bridge of Spies, a socially conscious tale of touch-and-go diplomacy at home, at the office, and on the global stage. [Blu-ray]
With a mostly-compelling story and a particularly excellent performance from Oscar nominee Mark Rylance, Bridge of Spies is an enjoyable Cold War tale that manages to bring enough tension to its narrative to make it a worthwhile journey.
The strength of the film lies in the bond developed between two men. A bond built on mutual respect and common understanding in a time when trusting the enemy could get you killed.
Simply the best film Spielberg has made in decades. Avoids the sentimentality of most--perhaps because of the inclusion of the Coen brothers in the screenwriting team. Their best work in a decade as well for that matter.
With Hanks on superb form, Spielberg delivering a visually stunning and surprisingly feel-good thriller, Bridge of Spies absolutely satisfies.
A fascinating story where the interactions between smart and unpredictable characters is the main focus. [Full review in Spanish]
Bridge of Spies is a warm portrait of a friendship, an excitingly intricate story of realistically scaled suspense, and a visually ravishing and lovingly crafted rendering of mid-century America, where how you look matters much less than what you do.
Steven Spielberg takes on the Cold War with a stately, sentimental thriller that gurgles along with quiet intensity, only occasionally finding a real spark of energy.
For the most part, "Bridge of Spies" is a sober reflection on America actually living its values and living up to its promise.
As gripping and as smart a piece of entertainment as you'll find this year.
An impeccable proposal with a nostalgic tone that almost touches ingenuity. Almost. Highly recommendable. [Full review in Spanish]
highly-polished garbage from almost the beginning, with no relief from its elderly ministrations all the way through to the end.
The second collaboration between Steven Spielberg and Joel and Ethan Coen, who co-wrote the script with Matt Charman, "Bridge of Spies" jumps to the top of my "Best Film of the Year" list.
A movie that bets the house on the interplay between an all-American archetype and a reserved, fragile looking traitor who walks and sounds like a bank clerk. That's not enough in a film built on legal conversation.
Steven Spielberg uncovers another important chapter in American [and world] history with spy drama Bridge of Spies, which grips by virtue of its continued relevance today and thanks to two riveting performances from Tom Hanks and Mark Rylance.
A mixture of thriller, courtroom drama and history lesson, Bridge Of Spies makes for a satisfying, entertaining movie. Jimmy Stewart and Gary Cooper would be proud.
Bridge of Spies really is the spy game as just that: a game whose horrors Spielberg has thrillingly sanitised.
The genius of the casting is in the contrast: Hanks, the richly sympathetic screen actor, and Rylance, no less colossal a talent but one comparatively untried in cinema.
In their fourth film together, Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg prove once again that they are a film-making force to be reckoned with.
[A] solidly entertaining Cold War thriller.
An elegant, intelligent slice of popular entertainment that peppers its gripping intrigue with winning wit and humour.
Hanks's Donovan simultaneously projecting moral integrity and wily guile, while Rylance's Abel is watchful, wary and inscrutably intelligent.
Master storytellers have been revered since the dawn of formal communication.
Presents American hypocrisy in defense of America with the snorting derision it warrants, while also being a gripping and intense Cold War thriller.
It's one of Spielberg's best - anchored by solid work from Hanks but given grace and wit by Rylance.
Ultimately, the film manages to find the wit and humanity in any situation. As one would only hope from the writing, directing and acting superpowers involved.
Spielberg should be applauded for coherently imparting a convoluted, international story and for skilfully showing how ideals can be compromised by the grip of paranoia.
Steven Spielberg teams up with Tom Hanks for an engaging spy-swap espionage thriller that, while set in the 1950s, has plenty of resonance today.
Bridge of Spies has some hold-ups and blockages. But in the best scenes the traffic flows fluently over the purling, perilous currents of cold war history.
Cold War paranoia takes you in its icy grip in Bridge of Spies, but you know you're ultimately in safe hands with Steven Spielberg at the helm and Tom Hanks up front.
Richly rewarding and thoroughly entertaining Cold War drama with Spielberg and Hanks both at the very top of their game.
As a Cold War film, it's strong. As a window into Spielberg's mind, it's essential.
Easily one of Spielberg's most cynical offerings, thanks to the Coen brothers' humanistic, whip-smart script which evokes a futile, high-stakes game of cat and mouse.
Boasting a script that's been polished by the Coens, the end product is taut and engaging. Hanks is as dependable as ever but it's Rylance who shines.
Political intrigue abounds as Spielberg grippingly recreates a famous real-life spy-swap case of the Cold War, with both Hanks and Rylance on top form.
So godlike is Spielberg's status that we often take his talents for granted. The strange, riveting mix of Bridge Of Spies is another sterling reminder that we shouldn't.
How Steven Spielberg went from the king of summer thrills to the most boring director in Hollywood is a problem that's perplexed me since I pried my eyes open through Lincoln.
as much as it lionizes Donovan, Bridge of Spies is quite ambivalent about the morality of the spy game in which he is a pawn, as Spielberg often contrasts the images of "us" and "them" in ways that both separate and collapse the two sides.
Bridge Of Spies holds the audience's hand a little too much but it's still a gripping true story with relevance today.
Bridge of Spies is a heart-on-its-sleeve affirmation of American values -- not in the loaded contemporary sense of the term, but in the way the country was founded on values we have to work and fight to abide by.
Even though it's an entertaining film, Spielberg and Hanks don't risk much and go for a safe bet. [Full review in Spanish]
Authentic re-creations of the period, including duck-and-cover clips about a nuclear holocaust that frightened young students, serve as a reminder of a time, not unlike our own, when the threat of terror kept a steady and disturbing beat.
But even with the Hollywood license to embellish, and the clever Coen brothers involved, Bridge of Spies is more of an argument for upholding American values and the Constitution than it is a spy thriller. It's far too respectable to thrill.
An interesting movie - impecably acted, impressive technical levels and entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
Bridge of Spies is far from being the best Spielberg movie, but it's entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
Motivated by trust in America's essential decency, the movie's inherent critique of the current conservative political climate (it references illegal immigration, domestic surveillance and more) is presented from the viewpoint of a patriot, not a cynic.
Just as Bridge of Spies poster will tell you, it's "directed by Steven Spielberg," and that will always make it worthwhile viewing.
A political thriller with a lot of heart, like a mix between the patriotic sentimentalism of Frank Capra and the cold world of spies of John le Carré. [Full review in Spanish]
Spielberg and Hanks brings the romance of classic cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
A riveting tale spun around a relationship between a spy and a lawyer. Hanks and Rylance produce a chemistry that makes history boil with intrigue.
Somehow Steven Spielberg - once the most enthralling, populist and cinematic of all mainstream directors - has turned an exciting page in Cold War intrigue into a dry, turgid history lesson...largely boring.
An excellent Cold War thriller, very human but also maybe too stylish. [Full review in Spanish]
A perfectly told story and the relevance of it can be scary. [Full review in Spanish]
Bridge of Spies is the real story of a great negotatior and one of the best films of the year. Don't miss it. [Full review in Spanish]
With Oscar winners Spielberg and Hanks, Bridge Of Spies is on the run for being one of the favorites in the awards season. [Full review in Spanish]
...yet another late-career misfire from Spielberg...
This is naturally sober and careful but nevertheless most enjoyable, with Hanks (allowing himself to look his age) offering a wonderfully restrained performance in his fourth film for Spielberg.
Bridge of Spies is as much of a love note from Spielberg to Donovan and the freedoms he rightly defended, as it is a expertly constructed political thriller that although light in tension, is never the less palpable in its stakes.
The black humor, the contained violence, the institutions satire and the surreal touches of the Coen brothers (authors of the story), will become apparent with the absurdity of the famous Cold War. [Full review in Spanish]
An effective reconstruction of historic events that portray the work and commitment of a man that's not well known in American History. [Full review in Spanish]
A subtle and elegant piece of cinematography that proves again the humanistic side of Spielberg. [Full review in Spanish]
If you're the type of person who likes films about human interaction and the thrills of politics, this will be an experience you can't miss. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not a movie about saving the world, even though the world needs saving, but rather the small, personal actions that can build bridges.
Spielberg and Charman frame Donovan as a thin bulwark against the American government's attempts to work around its own supposed ideals at the height of the Cold War.
Heaven in the dark, an extraordinarily well-calibrated historical drama from storytellers par excellence ... Every craft element on display here is superb ... not a lot of suspense or tension ... but enormously entertaining and ultimately very moving.
Bridge of Spies connects Cold War paranoia to today's terror. That's a bridge worth building.
Bridge of Spies is a remarkably good, solidly old-fashioned movie that sends us away with renewed hope.
This made me sleepy. So did "Lincoln." I want less historical drama from Spielberg and more sharks and dinosaurs.
Bridge Of Spies is a clear example of a politically correct film with impecable production values that takes no risks. [Full review in Spanish]
From Janusz Kaminski's cinematography... to the expert performances, to the typically rumbling action scenes -- the U2 crash is mind-blowing -- this is Spielberg getting absorbed in material he clearly relishes.
Spielberg nicely captures the aura of frosty suspicion at the heart of the Cold War.
Bridge of Spies gives you quite a bit to admire, but as a Cold War spy thriller, it has only slightly more impact than The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Graceful when it's not being a 'Spielberg film'.
If Spielberg and Hanks' filmographies were social structures, Bridge Of Spies would be satisfyingly upper-middle class.
Steven Spielberg is still big. It's his pictures that got small.
Handsomely mounted (the muted '50s technicolour aesthetic is particularly appealing) and populated by subtle performances...
No one can match Spielberg when it comes to simplifying complex moments in history without diminishing their significance in any way.
Bridge of Spies is one of the most dexterous and pleasurable films of the year; a fine example of Spielberg's unique late style, which shows a grasp of viewer psychology any marketing guru might envy.
The atomic spirit of "duck and cover" haunts the gentlemanly Bridge of Spies, which finds Steven Spielberg moving smoothly into John le Carré territory, minus the cynical resignation.
The compromises and hypocrisies are perfectly hinted at in Hanks' and especially Rylance's superb performances, but they're also hammered home in edited sequences that lurch from one storyline to another.
Spielberg's latest is like a double agent: Coded into this tale of Cold War intrigue is a stinging indictment of U.S. policy during our wars in the Middle East. Just exactly where, the film urges viewers to ask, are the James Donovans of today?
Hanks, as always, is enjoyable, as is the rest of the cast (particularly Rylance), but Donovan isn't shown as a deep character, just a moralistic one.
Solid old-fashioned moviemaking with everything that implies. Sure, it's well-made and it does what it sets out to do, but there's an inescapable sense of ossification.
The master of popular entertainment once again shows himself to be an accomplished portrayer of subtle human behavior against a large period canvas.
...mostly effective because of what it keeps in check.
Expect Academy Award nominations all-around, including a big one for Mark Rylance, whose extremely human performance will continue to clog the season's strongest Oscar category, Best Supporting Actor.
Spielberg navigates the grey areas between laws, principles and truth. These are tight places, and people get caught in them.
[The Coen Brothers'] token irreverence might be misplaced with Spielberg who veers into a Capraesque sanctimony that stops just short of jingoism.
Its thrills come not from the barrel of a gun or master martial artists jumping from building to building. Instead it is about a plain lawyer doing his job and somewhat more than his job.
When all the international parties finally meet up at the shadowy titular bridge, we get to witness humanity - and classic filmmaking - at its finest.
Tom Hanks is the modern persona of decency.
When a film is as enjoyable as this one, its timing so sweet, and its atmosphere conjured with such skill, do you really wish to register a complaint? Would it help?
Artful portrait of an era pays homage to its cinematic forebears, but reverberates powerfully on modern screens. Great performances by Hanks and Rylance, a sharp, witty script and an energised Spielberg make Bridge of Spies one of his best in years
A remarkably well crafted and engaging film from the fine screenplay, superbly cast and beautifully executed
Tom Hanks' innate sense of decency shines through in Steven Spielberg's espionage thriller in which a war of principles takes place
Another winning collaboration between Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg.
Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg have teamed up again for another great film to go along with their past memorable collaborations, 'Saving Private Ryan' and 'Catch Me If You Can.'
Spielberg turns Cold War drama into popular entertainment.
Spielberg, never quit making movies, you continue to remind me why I love them.
Top-notch feel-good conventional spy thriller.
Steven Spielberg's cinematic fanfare for a common man who's uncommonly good.
It's a great story, brimming with Cold War intrigue and historical context. In other words, a fastball right down the middle for Steven Spielberg, the Ken Burns of theatrical history lessons.
Traz diversas sequências memoráveis que acabam sendo sabotadas por outras nas quais o cineasta se entrega ao impulso de berrar sentimentos e lições de moral.
Bridge of Spies is a fine movie, but there's little fire in its belly... It's a measured, tasteful, respectful film, the sort to which you take your grandparents when a scary Sicario or a messy Black Mass simply won't do.
Spielberg misrepresents Donovan as a novice even though he participated in the Nuremberg Trials. Worse, he creates a moral equivalence between our spies and the spies of our enemies. Even if you like his POV, you will need some NoDoz.
A terrific Spielberg portrait of an American hero whose zeal for justice is awesome.
Spielberg pushes the right buttons to maximize the crowd-pleasing potential of the material without the need for cheap manipulation or shameless sentimentality.
There's a meaty philosophical underpinning to what superficially is a straightforward cold war romp, and when it's at its best the film really does feel like the work of a true master.
A gripping thriller, this one is bold, audacious and shocking.
The film is an interesting parable of what happens when patriotism and integrity collide. The questions are as relevant today as they were half a century ago.
Bridge of Spies isn't a great movie but it's an awfully good and meticulously made one that sends the audience out feeling proud, reassured, and satisfied.
In Bridge Of Spies, Steven Spielberg finds the perfect use for Tom Hanks' squinty dignity.
Rylance's performance is particularly interesting as he infuses Abel's dry understatements on his predicament with just the right dose of quiet irony.
In a world filled with distrust, 'Bridge of Spies' portrays the virtue of principle in a masterful film from Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks.
A vigorously patriotic film, touting the American justice system and constitutionally protected human rights, without demonizing the other side.
As far as espionage thrillers go, it's a fine watch, elevated greatly by class acts by Hanks and Rylance.
Spielberg shifts tones seamlessly, from the taut, nearly wordless opening sequence, to Coen brothers comedy, and all the way through to the kind of white-knuckle ending you'd expect.
Bridge of Spies is a bit of dull historical theater propped up by the talents of Spielberg, Tom Hanks and the Coen Bros.
As an entire piece, the film lands on the upper end of the Superior Scale, but it's Hanks' performance that makes it the reason to go to the movies.
Bridge of Spies is solid and uplifting, but it doesn't extend Spielberg's range.
Spies too heavily (and slackly) relies on the grand backdrop of the Cold War and the pandemic anxiety of the time.
[Spielberg] strikes a seasoned balance of tension, action and wit that keeps the film moving at just the right pace.
There is enough cat-and-mouse play between nations to keep things lively, even in a second hour in which the narrative oomph lessens ahead of a rousing and thoroughly satisfying finish to this excellent Cold War thriller.
Rather than focusing on the thrilling espionage of the era, director Steven Spielberg and screenwriters Joel and Ethan Coen... uncover the humanity behind a critical moment in history in this dense, well-crafted drama.
It's the engaging acting and expert direction that manages to rise well above any of the script's deficiencies.
Bridge of Spies feels like two movies laid end-to-end, but both are so deftly handled that the divide hardly matters.
It's because of Hanks' performance that we understand that, whether it's hard or easy, doing the right thing is still doing the right thing.
If you can allow yourself the pleasure of seeing masters of their craft simply show up and go to work, then "Bridge of Spies" becomes a deeply satisfying movie.
Who doesn't like to cozy up to an old-school spy thriller that knows how to build tension and tighten it?
Apart from Hanks, and an understated, scene-stealing turn by Mark Rylance as the Soviet spy Abel, Bridge of Spies mostly settles for being solidly told and atmospheric.
While well acted, directed, and written, it doesn't have the emotional charge that makes many of Spielberg's classics so impactful.
Full of chess game suspense. The movie offers a tense look at the hazards of mediating between enemies.
Rare are the filmmakers such as Spielberg with the knowledge and capability to wed thought-provoking artistry with thoroughly entertaining cinematic appeal.
Clad, metaphorically, in a shining armor of truth, and wielding an equally luminous sword of righteousness, Tom Hanks as attorney James Donovan is the embodiment of American virtue, right down to the meat loaf he has for dinner
There are moments throughout the film, like the one where Donovan argues against the death penalty for Abel, where the brilliance of Hanks's casting becomes clear.
Cold War thriller focuses on tension, not action.
... A shrewd piece of classical, big-screen entertainment.
This is a film that, though its story (inspired by true events) begins in 1957 and spans a period of about five years, uses that era to hold a mirror to our own.
This is Spielberg's best movie since Saving Private Ryan. The Coen Brothers may have something to do with that. And hand Mark Rylance the best supporting actor Oscar.
"Bridge of Spies" takes a while to get rolling, but eventually this true story turns into a chilling tale of intrigue, power and a true sense of right and wrong.
John le Carré fans might hear naptime calling as long stretches of this 141-minute movie play out.
"Bridge of Spies" is another in a long line of films, based on actual events, where the outcome is either well known or easily predicted. Yet it still manages to hold us firmly in its grasp.
Both a careful history lesson and gripping spy thriller, "Bridge of Spies" is fascinating entertainment.
Hanks is in his full Tom Hanks Mode
Undeniably polished, well-acted and a solid piece of cold war era based entertainment. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
The movie functions as a subtle rebuke of shortcuts our country has taken on its latest global conflict, the war on terror.
An espionage thriller it is not, but a crisp, crackling examination of the machinations of espionage it certainly is.
What superb, must-see storytelling 'Bridge of Spies' certainly is.
'Bridge of Spies' is rich in historical perspective. The anger and paranoia in the U.S. about the Soviets and their intentions are at a fever pitch.
It must be noted that few American directors, and virtually none in the studio system, are tackling the kinds of difficult questions that [Spielberg] routinely addresses head-on.
'Spies' certainly embodies a strong Oscar contender and its star and director's vision raise it to the level of one of 2015's best films.
In terms of the director's oeuvre, this will likely be remembered as one of his "minor" productions. (Think Always, The Terminal, and War Horse.)
Spielberg and Hanks are an unbeatable combination, and their work here, with an unironic and sincerely gripping screenplay by the Coen brothers, is as good as it gets.
Spielberg & Co. probably didn't have to reach back 60 years to find a story that would allow them to portray [America this way]. But there's nothing like the passage of time to help us condemn what we might accept in the present.
A film that is so old-fashioned and comforting that, for much of the time, watching it feels like cuddling up under a soft good-movie blanket.
It's always a pleasant surprise to be reminded that Spielberg can also display the light, comic touch that dominates the second half.
The Cold War. East Berlin, mortar still drying in the Wall. A U-2 spy plane, knocked from its perch in the stratosphere. KGB informants... Ethan and Joel Coen, pens poised. Steven Spielberg at the helm. How did such an explosive mix fizzle?
Bridge of Spies, which waxes poetic -- and occasionally cynically -- on patriotism, honor, and duty, echoes in your mind long after the credits roll and begs for a second viewing.
There are no extraneous elements in this carefully structured docudrama, which juxtaposes East and West with parallel scenes and emulates vintage Hollywood fare as painstakingly as it reconstructs 1957 Brooklyn and 1962 Berlin.
"Bridge of Spies" is a moral drama driven by an insurance lawyer. That it works at all is a miracle - or would be, if anyone other than St. Steven were involved.
Using a screenplay polished and honed by the Coen Brothers, Spielberg dips into John le Carré territory ...
"Bridge of Spies" isn't conventionally exciting, and isn't intended to be. Instead, it's satisfying-thoroughly and pleasurably so.
It's a salute to nostalgic, idealistic patriotism that Norman Rockwell, Frank Capra and Jimmy Stewart would applaud. With Franz Kafka.
Like too much of the movie, that naïve touch, and the feel-good choreography of Donovan's subsequent homecoming, presents viewers with an insurmountable span to cross: the suspension bridge of disbelief.
Tom Hanks lends his considerable Honest John appeal to this fascinating cold war drama.
The details of the story in Bridge of Spies are specific to their time, but the broader conflicts from which they stem remain pertinent.
This intriguing story of a high-level swap of spies is virtually unknown today -- but the film is inspirational enough that viewers might do their own out-of-theatre research and learn a lot more.
No question, there is a certain jingoistic edge to this espionage thriller. But, no question, this one will also keep viewers on the edge of their seats.
While not one of his best, Bridge of Spies is a good Spielberg film.
It's an amazing story, touching and laced with subtle comedy.
Steven Spielberg's period drama works as glossy entertainment but also draws subtle parallels to the present.
"Bridge of Spies" sets the high water mark for the rest of the contenders that will be vying for our attention in the coming months.
Authentically captures a retro look and feel while dropping the viewer into an unsettled environment where Communist threats and nuclear fears were a part of the American consciousness.
What's encouraging here is dramatic fluidity, with Spielberg ditching the mummification of his previous efforts to concentrate on a tone of uncertainty that helps to keep the film moving along with intriguing conflicts and interesting personalities.
it's not just the story but in its telling and Spielberg does it every kind of justice...This may be [his] best film since "Schindler's List."
"Bridge of Spies" is a consummate professional's tribute to a gifted amateur, a smooth entertainment with a strong but subtle political subtext that's both potent and unexpected.
Despite its genre constraints, "Bridge of Spies" is among Spielberg's finest achievements - and a reminder that the past is much more than just a repository for nostalgia.
There are these subtle, effective and surprisingly funny moments that are clearly the Coens' work, and then Spielberg steps in and drowns everything else in syrup.
Hanks and Rylance deliver golden performances as natural combatants who find common cause in seeking honest justice, even if only they realize it.
For the most part, Spielberg appears content to allow the story (admittedly, a tad bit long) to do the talking, though he goes badly off-track in the sappy ending reminiscent of a Fifties sitcom's notions of hierarchy within the American family.
It's classic Spielberg with the help of master editor Michael Kahn turning up the heat in a Cold War thriller that intrigues and entertains while reminding us that more than 50 years later the Doomsday Clock is ticking louder than ever.
Bridge of Spies reminds us of... the narrow distance between us and our enemies. It's smart, nuanced storytelling from a director still proving he's one of the best in the business.
Handsomely designed, gorgeously photographed, but distinctly lacking in movie magic
Spielberg can't help but make the kind of inspiring, classically constructed drama that we keep being told Hollywood doesn't produce anymore. Thank goodness he still does.
Like everything about Spielberg's "Bridge of Spies," Hanks' performance makes relaxed professionalism and genial decency look easy.
I liked the movie a lot - it's one of Spielberg's most measured and most adult films in years, with production values every bit as good as you'd expect.
In his fourth pairing with Hanks, Spielberg again examines the furtive face of justice and issues another masterful ruling.
"Bridge of Spies" is half of a great movie.
Deliberately not reinventing the wheel, Spielberg and esteemed company have delivered an absorbing, feel good historical drama.
An ode to holding fast to moral principles, geopolitics be damned, becomes a hurrah for old-fashioned big-screen storytelling.
It's the very definition of meat and potatoes: While not phenomenal, especially compared to the rest of the Spielberg oeuvre, Spies still hits the spot.
Bridge of Spies has been described as a minor work from a major filmmaker, but the film is too personal to dismiss as a curiosity, and its overall theme blends right in with many of Spielberg's previous pictures.
Spielberg and Hanks made a great movie about retrieving someone serving his country (Saving Private Ryan). And that tally still stands at one.
"Bridge of Spies" is, like most of Mr. Spielberg's films, a consummate entertainment that sweeps you up with pure cinema.
For all Spielberg, his star-packed cast, led by Tom Hanks, and his on-screen and off-screen team (Joel and Ethan Coen co-wrote the screenplay) bring to the table, Bridge of Spies is remarkable only for how stuffy and surprisingly inert the film becomes.
A mature drama that demands rapt attention and prefers studied execution over frenetic pacing.
The skill with which Hanks navigates the intricacies of the plot amount to some of the best work of his career.
"Bridge of Spies" is a smart thriller anchored by two actors whose different backgrounds and styles fit together as firmly as pieces in a puzzle.
Tom Hanks... shines even in mediocre films, and when he gets a plum role that allows him to be an "everyman" who rises to the occasion, he's outstanding.
Though fastidiously made, in terms of both its evocative period setting and its skillful emotional manipulation, in the end the picture comes across as little more than a solid piece of middlebrow uplift, respectable but not outstanding.
Someone will inevitably call Bridge Of Spies "old-fashioned," but don't buy it. The values are vintage, sure, but the storytelling is state of the art.
When the titles of the five-plus films nominated for best picture are announced, it will be a surprise if Bridge of Spies doesn't make the cut.
Steven Spielberg is so smooth, so good at what he does, that his best movies have a way of seeming inevitable, when they're the furthest thing from it.
There's also simmering tension and a tremendous Spielberg payoff, with beautiful visuals -- lots of diffused light glowing through frosted windows and impressively recreated sections of Cold War Berlin -- adding to the heft of the project.
Bridge of Spies is a crackling little thriller, but it's also a safe, conventional one. It feels like an acceptance that he's not a filmmaker for kids, anymore, but rather for their grandparents.
Steven Spielberg's story sense is uncanny and his narrative instincts in 'Bridge' are never better.
A deliberately old-fashioned hybrid of courtroom drama and Cold War skullduggery that's so expertly put together that you may not realize the beauty of its construction until after the fact.
It's a riveting film and I understood every word.
Bridge Of Spies is a historical retelling flavored like murky potato stew, but it's still a Spielberg production, and for that, we leave enlightened by the Hollywoodized wonders of wartime espionage.
Complexity and subtlety is not what "Bridge of Spies" is ever going for, but if you leave the theater feeling incredibly patriotic then its job is done.
Steven Spielberg's latest is a solid, quietly made drama carefully wrapped around a civics lesson.
[A] fact-based but ungainly moralistic spy saga.
An enthralling espionage thriller with contemporary relevance.
More Cold War nuts-and-bolts than cloak-and-dagger, it's an old-fashioned entertainment that benefits greatly from the warmth of Tom Hanks.
A daring, studied, mannered true story that is at once remarkably genuine and deeply cinematic at the same time. It's one of the best films of the year.
A grave history lesson that manages to find wit and a sense of the absurd in the middle of the Golden Age of Espionage -- The Cold War
With Steven Spielberg's direction, the Coen Brothers' writing, the performances of Tom Hanks and Mark Ryland--two of their generations' leading actors-- and a phenomenal production design, how could this not be one of the best movies of 2015?
A terrific example, like 'Lincoln,' of the perennially underrated darker and conflicted side of Spielberg.
Folks will go to Bridge of Spies for [Tom] Hanks, but will stumble out stunned by [Mark] Rylance.
Steven Spielberg reteaming with Tom Hanks and with help from the Coen Brothers and a great team has made a masterful film that ranks high on the list of anything he has ever done.
Steven Spielberg's casual excellence has reached a point where we take it for granted. The overwhelming success of a film like Bridge of Spies shows why we do so to our detriment.
Hanks does this sort of thing so well that it's mostly a pleasure to go along for the ride.
Entertaining and thought provoking, Bridge Of Spies gives real historical events a human face, and rates as a surprising crowd pleaser in the process.
Its earnestness and wry, folksy humor seem to come moseying in from the past, from the film days of old, when politics didn't have to be so dang murky or pointed.
A crackling Cold War espionage thriller that thrums with suspense and fleet precision.
Spielberg's best since 'Saving Private Ryan' stars a flawless Tom Hanks in an engrossing old-school thriller.
This is a handsome and mature entertainment, rich with novelistic intrigue.
Co-scripted by the Coen brothers and British writer Matt Charman, it is a consummately crafted, richly layered affair, with fine performances from Tom Hanks and Mark Rylance. The one hitch is that it is just too wholesome.
In its unexpected way, Bridge of Spies is quite the patient and special piece of work.
When Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks get together the results can be harrowing and epochal like in Saving Private Ryan or they can be desultory and dull like in The Terminal. Bridge of Spies sits at an unsatisfying spot in between;
There are moments of pure genius, and scenes that miss their mark. The end result is a fine film, but not a major achievement.
In every single moment you feel like you're in the hands of an absolute master of the cinematic form.
Re-invoking his 1990s reputation as the Baby Boomers' James Stewart, Hanks gives good value as the increasingly furrow-browed Brooklyn insurance claims lawyer James B. Donovan.
An absorbing true-life espionage tale very smoothly handled by old pros who know what they're doing.
Bridge of Spies has a brassy and justified confidence in its own narrative flair.
A riveting, feel-good time for the whole family ...
Doesn't manipulate us nearly as well as its hero manipulates Russia and East Germany.
Hanks has never seemed more like a modern Jimmy Stewart, drink in hand, just looking to get home to his bed, as the script leans into its cavalcade of slightly bizarre negotiations with Eastern European goons.
A quaint and a romanticized look at largely unsung American heroes.
If you can overlook the three or four endings, each more overdone than the last, there's a lot to like here.
"Bridge of Spies" is a neat encapsulation of America's great commercial director pushing for sophistication while sticking to familiar beats.
Bridge Of Spies is good, just not "Steven Spielberg good."
Confirms that when it comes to historic dramas, Steven Spielberg is still the best.
The film has a streamlined efficiency, but it feels like the work of a master who wants to please rather than probe.
What really manages to standout is the impeccable and sensational performance of Emmy Award nominee Mark Rylance, who steals and owns every scene he's present.
Sober but stirring ...

@highlight

Bridge of Spies finds new life in Hollywood's classic Cold War espionage thriller formula, thanks to reliably outstanding work from Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks.