In the end, Home Sweet Hell is neither an adequate black comedy nor a good slasher film. It's just hellish. There's nothing sweet about it.
[A] noxious piece of crud.
Insipid black comedy about suburban materialism and murder.
[Home Sweet Hell is] nothing more or less than a toothless satire of suburban conformity that might have felt a little more dangerous six decades ago.
Questions start arising immediately: Is it satire? Is it black comedy? What is this?
... best viewed in the comfort of your own home on late night cable.
If Katherine Heigl thought the unappetizing dark comedy "Home Sweet Hell" might somehow help her flagging film career, she was greatly mistaken.
While the oafish men come off poorly, the treatment of women as nothing more than schemers and monstrous Martha Stewart clones seems woefully past its expiration date.
Home Sweet Hell doesn't deserve a hearty recommendation, but watching Heigl almost makes the movie worth watching on her own.
Home Sweet Hell musters too little wit and too few laughs to sustain this humorous autopsy of suburban life.
Although the film appears to be aiming for pitch-black humor, it's all so mirthless that the result is genuinely ugly.
Some scenes march fearlessly into the darkest of dark comedy recesses, while others are played quite broadly, to let us know that we shouldn't take all this nastiness too seriously. The latter half of that equation is deadly for dark comedies.
It's high time Katherine Heigl sent up her image as a controlling bitch in heels; too bad her dark comic turn takes place in an otherwise dreadful, misogynistic slog of a film.
Wilson is an engaging actor, but he's stuck treading water in a movie with little action. Heigl, on the other hand, seems bored and aloof. She's playing against type, but she's stiff and doesn't make a fun villain here.
A rancid comedy fueled by male entitlement and uxoricidal rage... "Home Sweet Hell" is the cinematic equivalent of the guy who's so busy ranting and raving about how untrustworthy women are that he hasn't noticed everyone's backed away from him.
Home Sweet Hell is a pleasantly unpleasant dark comedy, one that gives new meaning to "detached and subdivided" in the mass production zone.
A bit on the nose, but Heigl hits the mark in a role that seems tailor made for her.
This dismal stab at a darkly comic thriller is hardly the vehicle to resuscitate its lead actress's bigscreen career, but it's unlikely to do much for anyone else's, either.
The kind of blithely confident, creatively impoverished dud that leaves you slightly stunned someone greenlit it, the movie has the distinction of feeling like a bad idea from its very first frames ...
Heigl and Wilson do their best to salvage a sinking ship, putting in fine performances that embrace ghoulishness director Anthony Burns eventually turns away from.

@highlight

Home Sweet Hell mistakes misogyny for subversive wit, aiming for black comedy but ending up with a grueling test of viewer endurance that wastes game efforts from its likable leads.