Were it not for one inconvenient fact, The Purge could easily have passed into movie history as a rather decent slasher-thriller. Unfortunately, The Hunger Games got there first and got there better.
... though the film struggles to flesh out this rather Dystopian concept (something nearly every futuristic film has these days), it succeeds in its gripping suspense and romantic eye for violence.
An entertaining and deeply unsettling premonition of the state the US's obsession with guns may leave it in.
The interesting thing about The Purge series is how readily and easily the central premise develops into something with a little more bite.
The Purge offers mediocre thrills wrapped in absurd rhetoric.
There are some jump scares, one highly predictable twist, and a fair amount of violence, but "The Purge" pretty much begins and ends with its concept.
Nauseating.
Standard "stalk, attack, revenge" home invasion material, but it's also laced with an appreciable sense of pointed social commentary.
There might be true satire here, but it would take a far less bored reviewer than me to pick away at the flab surrounding the satire.
An effective balance of mood and style, not overburdened by grotesque displays of violence but suggestive enough to create a space of believable bleakness that warrants our continued interest until the very last frame.
...a rather ludicrous premise that's employed to persistently underwhelming effect by writer/director James DeMonaco...
One gigantic missed opportunity.
A fascinating commentary on class warfare is blended into this fun quasi-futuristic horror thriller.
A brute, icy little shocker, "The Purge" is a thriller willing to engage blood as well as tension, with just a little politics.
It starts off strong but is ultimately neither scary nor smart enough to kick off the kind of thought-provoking conversations it so clearly wants to be part of.
What should be a taut thriller stretches into an overextended slog with periodic scolding lectures.
A workable blueprint for a movie that falls apart in its shoddy construction. Hammers home its concept, then smashes down the doors of horror-movie clichés. Its beaten-to-a-pulp idea leaves the 'hood and sublets to some weakly shot home-invasion B-horror.
You won't believe that any part of it is even remotely plausible, but you'll go along with it enough to get a few thrills.
It's a rather ludicrous premise that's employed to persistently underwhelming effect by writer/director James DeMonaco...
Honestly, this is not a high-quality movie. The script has gaping plot holes, and you need to suspend your disbelief. But it does encourage people to talk about violence. While 'The Purge' may not be entertainment, I can say it's thought-provoking.
...quickly forgets its fake concern because there's too much awesome stalking, stabbing and shrieking demanding camera time, too many luxury objects that cry out to be righteously smashed by bad guy skulls.
Contrary to the home-invasion emphasis of its trailer, it never loses touch with its ingenious premise.
...a big, dumb home invasion horror movie.
DeMonaco makes his point, but it's one that only resonates in the improbable scenario he's concocted.
The premise is intriguing but the movie is pretty disgusting. If it really had something to say about violence in our society okay, but it's just there for entertainment so beware.
Writer-director James DeMonaco's The Purge fritters away its promise in lurid, frenzied violence.
The execution is lackluster in this subversive examination of contemporary suburban violence, which gradually drains the credibility from its intriguing if cynical futuristic idea.
Have you seen worse? Sure. I suppose you could call this efficient, but that stops short of being a recommendation.
Lacks the Strength of its Flimsy Convictions
It really oughtn't be quite this easy to screw up something as bog-standard as a home invasion thriller quite this thoroughly.
"The Purge" plays like a weak "Twilight Zone" episode whose message gets horribly muddled by its over-the-top violence.
DeMonaco clearly hopes to make a significant moral statement on the level of Shirley Jackson's literary masterpiece The Lottery. Alas, his aim at political conservatives who support the gun lobby falls flat before he can pull the trigger.
doesn't spend enough time with the characters to give us much insight beyond the bare necessities, so their eventual devolution into primordial self-protection feels more like genre machinations than psychological intrigue
True to its title, "The Purge" is an unpleasant experience with no one to care about or root for. What you expect to happen happens. Like most home-invasion thrillers, it's more nauseating than frightening.
If The Purge is as far-sighted as Network proved to be, we are in for very ugly times.
'The Purge' purges every trite home invasion scenario. That said, audiences will enjoy 'The Purge' more than critics. We're suckers for screeching villains, big explosions and victims getting their gory revenge.
A cerebral screamfest certain to give you goosebumps!
...the plot strains credulity to the breaking point, but it holds up, even through the violent, bloody ending.
there's an interesting 'what if' scenario that makes for good conversation and speculation by the audience. However, the execution borderlines on silly
A mediocre home invasion film whose implausible central plot device undercuts whatever point it was trying to make.
Go primal or go home.
Despite some cliched horror characters and tropes, The Purge is recommendable to those who like the short, sweet, and cathartic violent enjoyment of a solid thriller.
Feels like the speculative offspring from a shotgun marriage between real-life, tenuous policies and discordant bluster. From a political point of view, it invites you to the wedding, lets you decide on which side to sit and avoids any sermonizing.
The movie repeatedly chickens out when it should be, well, purging.
Its ominous tone is consistent throughout its 85-minute duration, and you wish the film were a bit longer with more exposition of the events that shaped this dystopian future.
Interesting, if improbable idea: execrable execution
DeMonaco strikes a nice balance between the message and the mayhem as he bounces between the philosophical demons inside the Sandin home and the sadistic demons waiting outside.
That old horror-movie standard, a homestead besieged by psychos, gets remixed with a bit of Occupy-era class-conflict satire in the disappointing future-set thriller The Purge.
James DeMonaco's thriller does get you thinking. What would you do if any crime were, well, a real free-for-all?
Gimmicky chiller lacks the robustness and distinction needed to support its social-commentary ambitions.
The rest of the film is a checklist of predictable home-invasion antics rolled out in the name of heavy-handed socio-political commentary.
The blunt instrument plot allows for a few sneaky moments of satire and social commentary lite.
It would like to be high concept, maybe even darkly philosophical, but it mistakes recognizing questions with trying to understand them, and then it clubs you in the face with that recognition with twice the zeal of any of its purging characters.
A home-invasion fantasy exploiting such hot-button topics as racism and right-wing paranoia for shock value. Release this beast, indeed.
The premise is the only interesting thing about The Purge, which very quickly devolves into a poorly-staged, narratively-challenged home invasion picture.
Whom do we root for, when both the family under assault from murderous hooligans and the hooligans themselves behave like idiots?
When critics bemoan the dumbing down of movies, they're talking about stuff like The Purge.
Renders fictional class warfare and fictional misguided government policy as a shocking jolt of entertainment.
As it stands now it is merely a movie that desperately wants to say something important and profound, but the best it can come up with is "Boo!"
The promising premise of "The Purge" quickly turns into "Straw Dogs" meets "Panic Room". It's never tense, is quite predictable, and features a silly ending.
The Purge is satire done so broadly that the audience might forget that it is trying to comment on something with weight and meaning.
The dumbest premise in the history of Earth.
The Bloody Stranger represents one thing to the clueless folks in his world and something else entirely to you, who know better.
"The Purge" works as an exercise in suspense. Writer-Director James DeMonaco knows how to generate the chills.
By reconfiguring its old formula, Blumhouse Productions has crafted its best film in years, erasing memories of the terminally declining PARANORMAL ACTIVITY sequels and spin-offs.
Writer/director James DeMonaco isn't too far from his comfort zone as he previously scripted the 2005 remake of John Carpenter's 'Assault on Precinct 13.' (Complete Content Details for Parents are also available)
Instead of being a creepy B-movie about the necessity of suppressing one's animalistic urges, "The Purge" is just a product of uninspired filmmaking.
A despicable, ugly and valueless exercise in hate, that purges all potential out of its interesting, original concept.
In its own clumsy, exaggerated way, The Purge takes a strong stand against our cultural obsession with violence and our tendency to conflate justice with vengeance.
Fans, gear up for rock-em-sock-em action, yet don't be disappointed if much of the goonery seems a bit tepid and, dare I say, staged.
A nutty if bloody lark, with a strange artificiality to the behaviors it portrays. That blunts the sharpness of any cultural critique it might aspire to.
There's nothing you'd want to see again, particularly served up with all these shaky closeups and off-kilter angles and a cast mostly waiting - like us - for it to be over.
[I]t becomes obvious that the concept for this dystopian future is only an excuse for a series of standoffs, shootouts, and fights.
An effective little thrill ride that dares to ask some really interesting questions.
Finds varying degrees of success as a genre film, but fortunately makes up for its downfalls as a compelling conversation starter.
All the duct tape in the world couldn't pull this poorly put together snorefest into something resembling an entertaining film.
Just a routine home invasion tale with heavy-handed pretensions to social commentary.
The message just gets louder and louder, cruder and cruder, which is too bad because Mr. DeMonaco knows how to set a stage.
Its despair for the human condition lingers long after the action-thriller clichés are (quickly) forgotten.
For a suspense thriller, The Purge whips up the prerequisite gory violence, but comes up remarkably short on suspense.
"The Purge" is nothing more than a vigilante revenge fantasy -- one group of unpleasant people shooting at another group of unpleasant people.
The Purge is not subtle. But why should it be? It's not a movie about class or morality, but about the need for violence -- our own. We are the audience, after all, and we must be purged, too.
Sadly, thanks to a ridiculous premise, ugly cinematography, one-dimensional characters, and indecipherable editing, it fails on both counts.
Audiences will feel the need for a good cleansing after experiencing The Purge.
It's the morality play beneath it all that makes us care about the Sandins -- and about The Purge -- because in the darkest corners of this survival story, we can see the monster. And it looks like us.
It's cultural commentary as blunt instrument - and as blunt instruments are wont to do, it achieves an end while making a bloody mess.
The great premise in "The Purge" - and it is a great premise, while being no "Hunger Games" - is squandered on a few levels.
The vague posters for "The Purge" won't prepare you for how sharp and shockingly subversive this home-invasion flick can be.
Its premise requires more sophisticated layering for the audience to really get on board with the notion that people leading very comfortable lives will suddenly go on a murder bender just because they can.
The Purge is mostly a genre picture trying to layer on some prestige by way of social commentary. The latter falls flat; the film is actually stronger when it just goes for our baser instincts.
Somewhere between Shirley Jackson's "The Lottery" and the "Family Guy" episode in which Peter Griffin joins the Tea Party lies "The Purge." Unfortunately, it's as funny as the former and as thoughtful as the latter.
A bloody parable about the dangers of watering the seeds of violence.
Filmmaker James DeMonaco has crafted a solid B-picture that works as a bloody, locked-house siege movie. Yet his script is wilier than it seems at first blush.
a dumb, dopey excuse for something that could have been both entertaining and insightful.
a provocative idea about America's growing economic divide, but [DeMonaco] guts his own premise by both showing his hand too early and obviously, by howling lapses of logic and with weak direction of his actors.
A sheep in Straw Dogs' clothing.
As the second act grinds on, the story spins wildly and stupidly out of control.
The film has some vague things to say about class and racial differences, but they are drowned out by the sounds of blasting shotguns and huge knives being plunged into chests.
Too bad the film devolves into a series of home-invasion clichés. The Purge was almost on to something.
The movie offers an allegory for how real-world problems inevitably make their way to everyone's block, no matter how they are shielded against or ignored.
After establishing this interesting premise, writer/director James DeMonaco only scratches the surface of its implications before devolving into a creepy roundelay of murders and deaths averted.
The satirical social observations about class warfare and the elimination of poverty by killing the poor are really just an excuse to get the motley crew of sociopaths into the house.
"The Purge" is one of those unimaginative horror flicks that depend on skreeky music and sudden appearances to startle, but never actually frighten, the audience.
You hope for a purge to wipe away bad movies like this.
After a wickedly promising start, this pointed political satire quickly deteriorates into a fairly routine, if sporadically quite effective, home-invasion thriller.
... lapses in logic that are hard to overcome. Even a kid knows to turn a flashlight off when hiding, and a filmmaker should know audience members could react with derision if characters act thoughtlessly.
A routine home invasion movie more interested in B-horror tropes and bloodletting than a thought-provoking look at "Hunger Games"-ish class warfare.
Just enough goofy thematic exploration to throw ideas at you without asking you to take a single damn one of them as serious subject matter - it's tense, crazy, and gloriously stupid. And I mean that as a compliment.
It's intriguing and disturbing to consider what people might do with deadly permission.
The Purge suffers from BioShock Syndrome: Its survive-at-all-costs plot and anti-libertarian slant are incompatible.
No real answers are provided by writer-director James DeMonaco. He simply presents this bizarre dystopian future, and the audience is left to take it or leave it.
The Purge offers a unique take on the home invasion sub-genre which makes for an entertaining watch thanks to a strong finish, despite sporting poor horror logic.
Has one good idea and little notion of what to do with it. Unfortunately, that's enough for most audiences.
A very clever thriller and a thought-provoking social commentary rolled into one - an increasingly rare example of what passes for entertainment these days fully armed with a sense of purpose.
...maybe the most invigorating aspect of The Purge is how it might be the launch of the next great horror franchise, one in which subversive ideas are much more important than bottomless buckets of blood.
If The Purge ever becomes a thing, you can save yourself by killing the kids. Lesson learned.
Government officials take a calendar year to agree on the proper temperature of a Hot Pocket, I'm not sure they could legalize murder in just under a decade.
The Purge clearly has a lot on its mind, but it never really manages to express it.
...a smartly crafted movie that will leave you not only glad you don't live in that world, but wondering who you could trust among your friends and neighbors if you did.
A rote home-invasion thriller afraid to be seen as just another rote home-invasion thriller, the film turgidly grasps for profundity by framing bloodlust as patriotic duty.
A blunt takedown of 1%-er politics masquerading as a home invasion picture.
Heavy handed satire of a violent, haves vs. have-nots America remade in the NRA and Tea Party's image.
A dark allegory that never justifies its central conceit, dooming all that follows.
The film morphs into a dull version of Straw Dogs ...
The set-up is arresting, the domestic scenes well observed and acted, and the payoffs involving that Roomba toy excellent. Also, a late-film twist isn't a surprise, exactly, but it is delicious.
DeMonaco's movie lacks the courage to explore the possibilities suggested by its stoner argument conceit.
The tension is well sustained and the film is an effective, predictable cross between Assault on Precinct 13 (the remake of which DeMonaco scripted) and Funny Games ...
Truly original dystopian high concepts don't come along that often. We should, thus, savour a good one when we encounter it.
The flip into action mode for the final act is slightly incongruous but mirrors the audiences own desire for release, revenge and bloodshed.
For all its silliness, The Purge is a pretty decent suspenser, effectively shot in semi-darkness in a confined setting.
A slice of low-budget, high-concept sci-fi, a passionate, if somewhat pulpy, homage to paranoid classics such as The Stepford Wives.
In American suburbia you are never safe, least of all when you think you are. Keep your friends close and your fellow 'burb-dwellers closer.
it is not long before the film's high concept is beleaguered by an aggressive incursion of standard genre plotting
It's clever in the way it takes some disagreeable elements from our own time - fear of racial minorities, envy of wealth, needless aggression and gun crime - slightly exaggerates them and projects them into the near future.
The film doesn't develop its one good idea so much as stumble around in the dark with it for 85 minutes, crashing noisily into the furniture.
James DeMonaco's blood-splattered thriller begins well before expiring slowly from multiple improbabilities.
Asks us to look anew - and askance - at conventions of cinematic horror while also engaging in startling satire of America's culture of violence.
The film has a strong whiff of Twilight Zone moralising to it, but it's also genuinely unsettling and often downright terrifying.
The desire to Say Something through the megaphone of a suspense flick may be laudable on paper, but The Purge deafens us with too much ugly static to make any audible point.
Engaging, nail-bitingly tense thriller with an intriguing premise, a strong script and terrific performances from a superb cast ...
The film's would-be subversive ideas about the kneejerk appeal of social violence get lost in the mix.
DeMonaco's script begins to run out of steam ... but there's a deliciously nasty sting in the tail, just when it seems the film is poised to draw breath.
In the end, 'The Purge' has a plethora of brilliant ideas that are all underdeveloped. And with that comes an insanely unfocused, diluted and generic thriller that carries zero impact.
Snicker all you want at this dopey picture, but instead of being another pointless slasher, it at least makes an attempt at some interesting discourse.
Logic and drama are what get purged here.

@highlight

Half social allegory, half home-invasion thriller, The Purge attempts to make an intelligent point, but ultimately devolves into numbing violence and tired clichés.