This is a tale of danger and desires and extremely gay sportswear: possibly the Frenchest film I have ever seen.
the stuff of porn flicks and of classical Greek sculpture, and it is to Alain Guiraudie's credit that he evokes the spirit of both as well as a dandy, ahem, Hitchcockian thriller
While I found the characters interesting, the story was not very compelling and it was slow-moving as well. I learned a lot more about homosexual sex techniques than I wanted to know, and less about the characters than I wanted to know.
Perfect, in that it achieves exactly what it meant to... portrays the world of casual sex and cruising with almost journalistic proficiency.
Franck, so akin to Philip in Somerset Maugham's Of Human Bondage, knows in his heart that he is making a potentially deadly mistake, but his insatiable lust won't hear a word of it.
The sexuality that builds tension early ends up being ultimately a distraction.
While its pace meanders, Stranger by the Lake proves to be an engrossing and darkly humorous watch.
Classically constructed, as rigid in its construction of suspense as any recent thriller, Alain Guiraudie's "Stranger by the Lake" is a masterful work, uncluttered yet lush, formally mechanistic, yet always surprising.
Understands desire as something ravenous, terrifying and ridiculous.
See past all the fumblings in the bushes, and writer-director Alain Guarardie's film reveals itself as a chilling psychological drama about the limits of desire, and the attractiveness of self-destruction.
An extraordinarily atmospheric, unsettling film that raises mysteries that, in the end, remain insoluble.
A stunning minimalist erotic thriller that explores with arresting photography and economical use of dialogue how human identity is defined, and sometimes imprisoned, by our desires, drives, and passions.
Alain Guiraudie allows the chosen genre styles and structures to freely blend and merge. The transitions between thriller, comedy and romance are sometimes almost indiscernible.
Gratuitousness (some scenes are simply porn) overshadows the crux of the tale, namely Franck's libido taking precedence over his conscience and the risk that he may become an accomplice.
Sex, murder, and tension in a tranquil setting
Unsettling, suspenseful and sad, it's a movie that sticks with you long after it's over.
Carefully and often brilliantly creates its own Eden-like universe.
There's too much metaphysical packaging material in the story; it's half Styrofoam peanuts. But its ideas are intriguing and its murky suspense is undeniable.
What sets the engrossing "Stranger by the Lake" apart is that its excesses seem to point to a moral purpose beyond shock or entertainment value.
Claire Mathon's brilliant cinematography finds an appositely sinister glare in the shimmering water and sunny skies.
However you read it, the film is compelling and audaciously candid in its erotic charge, while an ending that literally leaves us in the dark is one of the most haunting sign-offs in recent cinema.
This death trip homoerotic thriller, influenced by Hitchcock, is powerful, weird, and intoxicating - until its final scenes.
It shimmers with that intoxicating sun-on-the-water allure that might make someone not quite themselves.
Alain Guiraudie's thriller is characterised both by its formal ingenuity and its surprisingly graphic gay sex. The plotting rekindles memories both of Patricia Highsmith novels and of Hitchcock films.
As an exercise in style, this minimalist noir erotic thriller is pretty cool. But it loses its way somewhere around the midpoint and never quite finds it again.
Like a wry scientist, wading through the jungle, Guiraudie notes every tiny, unwritten law. It's infectious stuff.
Even though this dramatic thriller is set in a place most viewers will be unable to identify with, filmmaker Alain Guiraudie and his cast draw us in completely.
When was the last time you saw an erotic thriller that worked simultaneously on both levels?
A simple and ruthlessly effective exercise in minimal narrative and style, Alain Guiraudie's moral tale is so restrained and atmospheric that the nudity and graphic sex don't upstage the creepy mood of seductive, inescapable doom.
I thought the film silly if endearing. Fluff noir. Others, peering into the crystal, see and prophesy a cult future for filmmaker Alain Guiraudie.
Guiraudie's film is acutely brilliant on the funny, scary machinery of desire, and how easily humans can get caught up in its cogwheels.
Alain Guiraudie - remember that name.
A gripping and superbly directed picture with something to say about the nature of infatuation and obsession.
The motivations may be questionable, but desire has a way of clouding even the clearest heads.
Desire, danger and death - Guiraudie uses the water's edge as a playground for hedonistic predators and willing prey.
Beautifully crafted, sinister, frightening, erotic and thought-provoking, Alain Guiraudie's multi-faceted Cannes triumph is already one of the most provocative, intriguing films of the year.
Sun, sex, psychosis, skinny-dipping: it sounds like genre tat, but Guiraudie's dark, droll study of a risky attraction upends expectations. It plays by stealth, but its sly grip is sure.
Notable already for its depiction of real sex, it's explicit in other ways too: a depiction of amoral attraction that deserves a wider audience than mere fans of elegant congress.
A sophisticated, unpredictable and original modern noir.
Oddly for such a suspenseful film, Stranger by the Lake is rather encouraging in its insistence on the different shapes that human connection can take.
Hitchcock by way of Cruising.
Guiraudie's telling is fairly cold-blooded, but the choreographed dance of desire and disappointment still manages to intrigue.
Will reward film fans who have admired Claude Chabrol and the screen adaptations of Patricia Highsmith.
This lake is a sexual refuge, about to be stained by sin and blood.
Movies must go somewhere, plots must always kick in, and when this one does, that's where "Stranger by the Lake" begins to contract into something less creative than its odd setting and compelling compositions would suggest.
Guiraudie questions the limits of heedless sexual indulgence at the expense of all other considerations.
So studiously controlled that it's not an easy picture to watch, but you won't forget it.
French filmmaker Alain Guiraudie's tantalizingly erotic fable of love, passion and death.
Writer-director Alain Guiraudie has an imagistic talent for suspense and erotic byplay.
The film submits a magnificent escalation of concern and characterization that supports the entire effort. The long road to a climatic payoff is well worth the wait.
The film is a Hitchcockian murder story in which the Hitchcockian elements-style as well as content-are stood on their heads in order to realize a philosophical vision that's no less sophisticated than Hitchcock's own.
The kind of taut, low-key thriller that Roman Polanski and Alfred Hitchcock would very much admire.
Everything, from the sex to the relationships to the genre elements, is in a bothersome but no less captivating state of flux.
Though it'll be confined to the art house circuit, Stranger By the Lake actually has all the ingredients of a mainstream, page-turning summer beach read.
So much of this beguiling film's beauty is in how it sneaks up on you, the way genre elements quietly insinuate their way into the story.
A cautionary tale about finding love with an improper stranger.
"Stranger by the Lake" is the sexiest and most elegant thriller in years, and it's a damn shame it stands so little chance of traveling beyond the niche of a "gay film" it will probably get squeezed into.
"Stranger by the Lake" is seductive and fascinating, but it is also a bit trapped in its own conceit, and in its carefully maintained emotional detachment.
A psychosexually intriguing blend of Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window and William Friedkin's Cruising ...
Like his characters, [director Alain] Guiraudie is walking a tightrope, finding the point where sex and death exude a similar allure. You won't be able to look away.
The existential loneliness...and the evanescent nature of deeper human interaction in a world where sexual compulsion takes top priority are evoked with a powerfully dry yet keen observation that is heartbreaking.
[Guiraudie] has given Stranger by the Lake a grandeur that goes beyond the anecdotal. You see it both in the expansiveness of the setting and in the faithfulness of a born filmmaker to the materials of cinema.
The film's circumscribed scope is simultaneously its most intriguing and most limiting factor.
From a single setting, a lakeside gay cruising spot, and an old theme - the link between sex and death - Alain Guiraudie constructs an intricate film.
A murderous love story whose serene setting hides a darker purpose.
An absorbing and intelligent exploration of queer desire spiced up with thriller elements after one of the studly nudists goes missing.
Stranger By The Lake is by turns a commentary on risk-taking, sex, death and the gay community wrapped up in an art-house thriller with comic notes.
The writer-director's attention to the anarchic pull of lust, simultaneously celebrated and reproved here, is sharper than ever.
The proximity between sex and death has rarely seemed as intimate as in Stranger by the Lake, the accomplished new film by gifted French director Alain Guiraudie.
Writer/director Alain Guiraudie weaves a dark and intriguing tale of desire and menace in a moralistically ambiguous setting, a gay cruising ground.
The movie is voyeuristic, sure, but in a way that evokes Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window more than William Friedkin's Cruising.
This "different" and "original" minimalist drama (no music soundtrack, only one scene exhibited) is a meditation on passionate love and violent death among a small group of French homosexuals.
Never leaving the isolated location and with uneasy detail that doesn't distract from the main plot, Guiraudie's film eventually turns scary when a body washes up and a detective (Jérôme Chappatte) starts snooping around and asking probing questions.
There are things to be said about how director Alain Guiraudie creates something of a universe with these basic elements, and expertly builds up a fog of fear-induced erotic attraction/confusion.
With its casual camera, simple story, unshaded areas of explaining desire, "Stranger By the Lake" is "Knife in the Water" without the woman. It doesn't dance about the dangling manhood, though. It shows it. Engorged, enraptured, enraged.
Writer-director Alain Guiraudie gives the proceedings an almost clinical detachment, and consequently "Stranger by the Lake" has an air of Hitchcock to it.
Darkly comic and ironic in true French style yet sexier and surprisingly compassionate. I was disappointed by the film's unresolved ending but it is well worthwhile until then. Prudish viewers, however should steer clear.
A career-best effort by French writer-director Alain Guiraudie.
You'll leave the cinema breathless, but sated.
A captivating, and enticing watch.
Guiraudie's sheer frankness about sex is refreshing when so many supposedly grownup films are content to hint coyly and timidly.
The film portrays cruising as a danger-seeking and astoundingly repetitive affair, intimately linked to death itself.
An erotic-drama-cum-murder-mystery - where the operative word is unquestionably 'cum'.
A slow-building, meticulously crafted, engrossing thriller as provocative for its ideas about desire, transgression and narcissism as for its scenes of man-on-man coupling.
Stranger By The Lake is a small, highly polished film detailing how easily morality can become unmoored, Lord of the Flies-style, in an enclosed society that refers only to itself.
Hot and cold and provocative in more than just the expected ways, Stranger by the Lake presents even the most dishonest sex as an honest thrill.
There are very real, very potent emotions underlying every action, be it an explicit sex act, a lingering embrace, or a horrible realization that meting out death does not necessarily preclude love.
Hitchcockian in the most lurid sense of the word.

@highlight

Sexy, smart, and darkly humorous, Stranger by the Lake offers rewarding viewing for adult filmgoers in search of thought-provoking drama.