Impeccable performances in small but powerful roles... [Full review in Spanish]
There's just not enough here to justify paying for the full-price theater experience.
Emotionally manipulative, this film will probably reduce you to tears but in a jolly, uplifting kind of way.
It just wants to make you leave the theater in a good mood. It certainly accomplishes that.
Dolphin Tale, an inspirational tale about a Little Dolphin Who Could, will swim into your heart despite some melodrama and predictability.
Middle-of-the-road milquetoast.
It's an earnest, sweet film that relies on the extraordinary true story of Winter, the rescued dolphin, and little on manipulative Hollywood tricks.
When I write the "Cookie Awards" in my annual Oscar-season column for the Quad-City Times, I always include this category: Most Embarrassing Crying Spell. There is no question which movie will 'win' the award. I bawled when I watched 'Dolphin Tale.'
In the hands of actor-turned-director Charles Martin Smith, this kid-centric drama provides a welcome family option with positive values and a minimum of frantic, noisy CGI. It's a tale told on a human (and animal) scale.
One wonders why the filmmakers felt the need to turn a fascinating true story into a cliche-ridden, formulaic family film.
While some adults may get impatient with it, kids will undoubtedly find it appealing.
Inspired by a wonderfully inspiring true story, Dolphin Tale has all the right ingredients for a family movie with adorable dolphins ..and the plucky youngster who plays a major role in the feel-good plot
You would have to have a heart of stone not to be moved by this uplifting, heart-warming tale, about a dolphin that learns to swim with a prosthetic tail
Sawyer's interactions with Winter make the movie fun for kids especially - an intelligent animal connects with a boy in need of attention and affection.
Those looking to leave the cinema with a warm glow should seek this one out.
Sometimes drifts into the emotional shallows rather than letting its 'inspired by a true story' soar on its own.
An endearing tale of family, friendship and fighting for what you believe in.
The emotive aspect of the film is so tangible it's the equivalent of having someone grab hold of your heart on the inside of your rib cage ready to give it an occasional squeeze.
While it plays hard and loose with the facts, this tale of a boy and a bottlenose dolphin is guaranteed to create a tidal wave's worth of tears.
Don't expect miracles but this is about a kind of miracle and doesn't sentimentalise it to death.
Two hours of redemptive hugs, triumphant whoops and tearful smiles later we learn that pinning a tail on a dolphin is, on the scale of human achievement, not far behind winning the Nobel Peace Prize and discovering a cure for cancer.
The true story of a lonely, underachieving young lad's special bond with a disabled dolphin seems guaranteed to make you teary-eyed.
Engagingly directed and superbly written, this is a heart-warming feel-good drama with likeable characters and some impressive dolphin wrangling, though the 3D is entirely unnecessary.
It's easy to roll one's eyes at Dolphin Tale, which is heavy on swelling music and how children - aw, shucks! - can teach adults a thing or two about holding on to hope.
Animal lovers, be prepared to tear up several times as this heartwarming family film hits all the heartstrings inherent in the genre.
You would have to be made of a very hard heart not to be moved by the underwater scenes of Sawyer swimming with the dolphin, and of the real-life footage at the end of amputees meeting Winter.
This is an old-fashioned cockle-warmer that connects through flesh and blood, not pixels.
As slick, charming and eager-to-please as a SeaWorld cetacean.
As much as it grates, it still manages to warm the cockles.
A good shout if your kids like this sort of thing, otherwise best head to your local aquarium.
An eminently fine inspiring true-ish story of beating the odds and being the best you you can be, and if that's your poison, great.
... though sugary and overlong, ... pleasant enough.
A stellar supporting cast lends credibility to this true-life adventure from director Charles Martin Smith.
Relentlessly heartwarming, this film can't help but move us to tears.
Could be accused of mawkishness, but I have no problem recommending a movie that encourages children to love and respect wildlife.
Manages to hit every mildly comedic and heartstring-tugging bit in the boy-and-his-animal movie playbook.
The story is predictable and follows a well-worn formula, but it does it pretty well.
Move over Flipper, Winter is the new dolphin star.
There is heart here, but that's only during the closing credits when we see a glimpse of the true story.
A movie for the whole family! I don't even know Hollywood was still making those anymore.
It may not be a perfect film, but it is an ideal family film.
Stilted acting, shoddy filming and CGI effects look as legitimate as a sand dollar.
Dolphin Tale gets bogged down with the family drama. These and other elements raise the level of cheese to that of a white trash Velveeta casserole.
Plenty of ambition. But the dialogue can be tin-eared, and the comedy has a cater- to-kids quality that sells youngsters short.
Most children's entertainment feels as sugar-addled as their target audience. But Dolphin Tale avoids being either anxious or obnoxious, keeping young moviegoers amused and enthralled the old-school way: with its story and star.
It's easy to be cynical ... but then that darn tailless dolphin starts joyfully splashing around and all the corny trappings of the movie simply fade into the background.
Karen Janszen and Noam Dromi have built a screenplay around a true story that draws on familiar Hollywood-movie tropes, but plays well just the same...
Instead of steering toward deep and troubled waters, "Dolphin Tale" jumps through hoops to engage a young audience.
Dolphin Tale has its heart in the right place and tells its story well enough for its core audience. Moralistic and sweet, there's plenty here for kids and parents to enjoy.
Heartwarming tale is sweet, inspiring for kids and tweens.
DOLPHIN TALE is the perfect end of summer event for the whole family.
A Disney-esque amalgam of sweetness, humor and a general heartwarming vibe.
Director Charles Martin Smith overcomes the dialogue limitations and schmaltz, and using a pesky pelican for comic relief, crafts a film that appeals to kids and families.
There really aren't many films that you can take the whole family to these days, but this is one of them. (Parental Movie Review also available)
The overall story is better than the actual film. You can tell where Hollywood stepped in and fictionalized aspects of the story. It's still very inspirational and fun!
That it manages to be not insufferable while still being so predictable is a small tribute to its cast and crew.
It's very sweet and earnest. That's the good news. The bad news is that it's also kind of dull and packed too full of superfluous stuff.
Dolphin Tale works best when it's not actively trying to manipulate your tear ducts.
Here's a movie so earnest and unassuming that it's hard to work up the motivation to be snarky about it.
A potentially appealing story about a rescued disabled dolphin gets smothered with inspirational family values guff.
[Dolphin Tale] tugs at the heartstrings in a couple of obvious ways. But its messages about ingenuity, perseverance, family and resilience are timeless and timely.
Most of the family films churned out today are so junky it's almost a shock to find one in which the animals never spout sassy one-liners, or show off their hilarious hip-hop moves.
Effective as the movie is, it nevertheless left me slightly put off.
A genuinely moving story that is given oomph by a better-than-you'd-expect cast.
A heartwarmingly hokey and accessible production.
Dolphin Tale is a reasonably well-made and likable story about the courageous efforts of a small, determined band of people who come to the rescue of a badly injured sea creature.
Director Charles Martin Smith saves Dolphin Tale from becoming a maudlin affair with more sappiness than a Vermont forest during maple syrup season.
A heart-warming story that is one of the best family movies of the year.
Curmudgeons could probably pick it apart 'til the cows come home, but "Dolphin Tale" is exceedingly hard to dislike.
...a smart, funny film that packs a solid message.
This is not only kid-friendly fare, but a lovely family movie.
Gamble's rapport with his finned costar is so touching that the movie works anyway.
It gives young audiences credit for having patience and imagination, and rewards them with an engaging narrative.
Accompanying grown-ups or older siblings will have to choke down a sizable dose of schmaltz with their fish milkshakes.
The cast is delightful, the story corny without being cloyingly high-fructose, the direction first-rate.
A lively, winning family movie starring the very sea mammal at the center of a true story that inspired this film.
a staggering compilation of various cinematic cliches so transparent a kid could see through them
It may not be a great movie, but it is an exceptionally touching one.
As marine biologist Dr. Clay Haskett, Harry Connick Jr. brings a common sense level-headedness that helps keeps the film grounded.
The result is an excellent family film - maybe not up to 1996's "Fly Away Home'' in the kid-helps-wildlife genre but eye-opening and heartwarming and sensibility-expanding all the same.
It's a mild shame that "Dolphin Tale" director Charles Martin Smith and his screenwriters have chosen to lard the true-life saga up with a bunch of easily digested imaginary detail straight out of the bland Hollywood feel-good recipe mix.
The movie has a variety of flaws, but all seem to flow from an excess of wholesome sentiment, and as the movie is pitched to kids, and its preteen characters are the strongest, it never seems to overstay its welcome.
Even if Dolphin Tale hits every note square on the nose - or maybe because it does - watching it is surprisingly pleasurable.
With "Dolphin Tale," Hollywood dares to do the almost unimaginable: Create a really heartwarming family movie.
Inspirational in the very best sense, Dolphin Tale honors the values of commitment, perseverance, and full inclusion for all life's damaged mammals.
The youngsters and the dolphin show that there's life left in the old 'Flipper' formula yet...[a] well-made, gently comforting modern version of a 1950s live-action Disney movie.
It's rudimentary and even a little clumsy in its filmmaking technique (not a small matter), but there's some narrative ambition, at least...
Kids are going to eat this up. Given what a dismal year it's been for the family film, it's likely their parents will, too.
Freeman is clearly enjoying himself, but his mega-watt presence and some unnecessary 3D are just about the only things separating Dolphin Tale from an Animal Planet original movie.
A pleasant family film with an improbable true story at its heart.
Inspiring, feel-good, family-friendly adventure with a special appeal to youngsters who love animals.
The power behind including footage of real people interacting with Winter reiterates how much better Dolphin Tale would have worked as a documentary or, say, a 'Dateline' special.
Kids will love it and their parents might shed a tear or two of joy.
While the plot occasionally feels like Free Willy without the drama, it's a cute story if you don't mind temporarily trading in your cynicism for a bag of popcorn.
Winter may be a moving symbol of resiliency, but Smith's film unfortunately sticks to shallow waters.
Attacking a film like this for being a tad cloying seems to be missing the point. It's an intrinsic part of what "Dolphin Tale" is. It's like getting mad at a dog for barking.
A heart-affecting drama about the loving relationship between a lonely and alienated boy and a badly injured dolphin and the community that supports them.
Dolphin Tale is flattering, polished, and local chambers of commerce will milk it for years. Even if produced anywhere else, Dolphin Tale is a nice piece of work... the kind of movie that gives squeaky-clean a good name.
Adorable...
...if it doesn't bring a tear or two to your eye, you might need a visit to the cardiologist to see what you've got in there in place of a heart.
It's disappointing to find the movie using the dolphin to fuel tepid stories of domestic strife when the star of the show is clearly Winter and her incredible journey of medical treatment.
As squishy as the ocean is deep, yet as far as feel-good family films go, this inspired-by-true-events saga exhibits a general refusal to unduly manipulate.
Winter is friendly, loving, emotional, playful, brave and intelligent. Before her Dolphin Tale is over, I dare even the most jaded cynic not to shed a tear of admiration and joy.
You'd have to have a heart of stone to not be moved by the nonfiction footage of disabled children and war vets finding inspiration in Winter.
By the end of the movie, Winter has become a mascot for human disability, especially for children, and Dolphin Tale has enough depth and sensitivity to tap into emotion without feeling manipulative.
Call it Prosthetic Flipper, but the truly inspiring Dolphin Tale is perfect family entertainment (although why it needs to be in 3D is a mystery).
The sheer goodness of it all might be too much to bear.
Though garnished with some heavy dollops of cheese, Dolphin Tale is a surprisingly solid, earnest family pic.
"Dolphin Tale" is a sweet children's movie. There are no big explosions, rude humor, or green-eyed monsters -- just a heartwarming true story about people who care for one very special dolphin.
Despite few moments of cornball and some gratuitous 3D, Dolphin Tale is irresistibly cute and undeniably touching--an enjoyable film for all members of the family.


@highlight

Wisely dialing down the schmaltz, Dolphin Tale is earnest, sweet, and well-told, a rare family film that both kids and parents can enjoy.