Black comedy and shockingly disturbing violence come together with some underlying political subtext to make The Green Inferno Eli Roth's most accomplished film to date
The Green Inferno is a movie that you'll likely never feel the need to revisit, though it must be seen to be experienced -- and that experience will linger with you.
The ravenous locals don't speak volumes for Roth's cultural sensitivity, but little here speaks much for his abilities.
It's unfortunate that the entire thing is kind of tedious, while its frequent gore is disappointingly unimaginative.
It's mostly just sad - not because Roth takes such a sharp scalpel to the social justice movement, but because he swings a baseball bat, and misses by a mile.
It's not provoking, not exciting, and not even fun. [Full review in Spanish]
This weak splatter movie ... isn't half scary enough. Even fans of cinematic gore will be disappointed by the hammy attempts at blood and guts.
If classic cannibal films were about the horrors of colonizing, Roth's take on the subjects takes on a more Eco-friendly message. [Full review in Spanish]
What should be a gruelling exercise in horror is a turgid, poorly-acted and feeble excuse to show on-screen mutilations and dismemberment.
If there is a target for the pitiless cynicism of this brutal exercise in cannibalistic gore, I can't figure out what it is. Inhumane in multiple directions.
This one will leave a bad taste in the mouth.
Flat-pack acting, frat-boy screenwriting (the portrayal of activists is spitefully dumb) and retro gore combine with smug throwback neocolonialist racism and unfunny jokes about diarrhoea, dope and Scooby-Doo.
es, Roth's film has its expected moments of high transgression, but you can never get away from the fact that all these references have been attached to the most hackneyed teen slasher narrative imaginable.
Overall, a partial success.
Roth's beautifully photographed, man's-inhumanity-to-man tract offers brutal thrills, grisly gore and bleak, thought-provoking horror, served up with the signature aplomb that his fans appreciate.
Eli Roth's cannibal horror movie has its full quota of gore, but this is much more than an exploitation pic.
We see certain films so you never, ever have to, and The Green Inferno is one such atrocity.
The sheer chutzpah of Eli Roth escalates in this breathtakingly crass, ultra-violent satire targeting the liberal PC classes - a twist on Ruggero Deodato's cult shocker Cannibal Holocaust.
The film's failure is thumpingly basic: Roth just lacks the chops to turn everyone into chops, in any way which scores as either potent horror or lip-smacking satire.
Whilst this is perhaps Roth's most mature film to date, and looks frankly gorgeous, if you're not already on board with the provocative style of filmmaking (Cabin Fever, Hostel), you're going to find The Green Inferno hard to digest.
Too much time is spent preaching against social activism and not enough time is spent on the actual consumption of humans. It's a cannibal movie, for crying out loud.
nothing if not cynical about human nature, although it does allow at the end for some level of human decency to emerge from all the carnage, both physical and political
'South Park' took a bite out of social justice warriors last year. Eli Roth's The Green Inferno embraced that spirit ... literally.
The result is a film that will delight Roth's fan base of gore fanatics, but will be quickly forgotten by everyone else.
It's the same xenophobic, sophomoric, silly slop that [director] Roth's been feeding audiences since "Hostel"...
Eli Roth's new movie may be the scariest film you will ever see...if you're a food critic.
Any sense that the kids die because they never bothered to research the tribe they were trying to save is undermined by the movie's treatment of the natives as just as abstract.
The story echoes that of Roth's 2005 success, 'Hostel,' but it represents a descent into cynicism: The Americans butchered in a foreign land in the earlier film were sexual predators, but most of the kids here are guilty only of cluelessness.
Trying to win over the viewers with the strongest stomach for such things as devilish dismemberment is too depraved for me.
I once denounced a Nicolas Cage movie as a 'moose fellation party.' This is more like a moose fellation orgy -- but with entrails.
An indication of how far out of touch horror films have become from their more simplistic origins, when everything was about thrills instead of misery.
Green Inferno's scenes of gore and repulsion make up for its lackadaisical plot and lackluster characters, who you will ultimately actually enjoy seeing ripped to shreds.
"The Green Inferno" is a breezy college comedy. Until it's not. Then it's really, really not.
"A bracing slice of throwback nastiness."
This movie is a total mess, although the eating scenes are actually quite well done. The movie is a sloppy slog excepting for when people are getting torn apart and devoured. So that's strange.
I don't know if my laughter was a result of Roth crafting an effective black comedy, or if it was a psychological defense mechanism.
A project that boasts all the appeal (and aroma) of a carcass rotting in the rainforest.
"The Green Inferno" is not exactly a feel-good film, but it gets a very particular job done.
A flop of a horror film that overestimates gore for actual scares.
Gross, stomach-churning horror flick, proving, once again, that no good deed goes unpunished...
Minor beefs aside, "The Green Inferno" is both a furious, full-stop cannibal horror show and a way for Eli Roth to ferociously gnaw at meat on the bone he has to pick with today's social-media milieu.
It's a total shame that this time around the celebrated fearmonger was more concerned with bodily functions and corny jokes than with generating any worthy scares.
Director Eli Roth returns to the director's chair with this vile, abhorrent, incompetent, dumb, hateful cannibal torture film. The movie goes wrong in so many ways, it's hard to know where to start.
It is simply content to stand next to its ilk, doing exactly what they already did, unwilling to defend its existence past indulging one of filmmaking's most indulgent filmmakers.
The stops and starts doom this film, and all we're left with is a freak show that is only sporadically effective. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents available)
The Green Inferno is less a riff on spaghetti splatter flicks like Cannibal Holocaust than a desperate-to-shock pastiche of guts and gore served with a wink to audiences with strong stomachs. You know who you are.
The point is to feel something visceral, extreme. Eli Roth is extremely extreme. My head is off to him.
When directed away from the pain and admittedly effective use of violence, The Green Inferno turns into an unintentional laugh riot. U.S. policy and Eli Roth do not mix.
...if you like the "classics," Eli Roth made this for you. If you've never seen one, it may be the only one you need to. And if you think it might offend you, it will - I'm not sure he'd have it any other way.
I have zero stars for it, but I do have one finger to offer in response to the one Roth flips us with this movie.
Whatever criticism you want to throw at Roth, at least the director stays true to his singular, repulsive vision: His cannibals-gone-wild tale is a work of unrelenting and squishy terror.
Female genital mutilation may be the final frontier in gore movies, and Eli Roth has now crossed it.
With "The Green Inferno," Roth has missed the mark by a long shot, crafting an insulting, eyeball-munching, misanthropic piece of work. The only thing scary about it is its punishing cynicism.
The Green Inferno successfully captures the essence of the Italian cannibal shock-fests of yesteryear -- that essence being exploitative, amateurish and numbingly one-dimensional.
The film is measured and executed effectively to satiate horror fans' bloodlust, yet its underlying messages are just so repugnant.
The movie is a revisiting of what is often called the cannibal subgenre, a vile strain of films in which Westerners encounter tribes in the jungle.
A nasty treat for those with strong stomachs.
The Green Inferno can easily be dismissed as juvenilia, both in its sneering rebuke of political correctness and in its zeal for unearthing a horror tradition that should have been laid to rest.
a hurry up and wait experience that barely delivers when the intended freak show begins.
The Green Inferno fancies itself a gory skewering of what Roth has repeatedly referred to as "slacktivism." But do his heroes/victims, who at one point put themselves directly in the line of fire, really qualify?
Finish your popcorn early if you're going to "The Green Inferno," and save the bucket to barf in.
Ultimately, it's only marginally more disturbing than finding a fingernail in your bloody red burger.
No one could accuse Roth of lacking guts - even if he hasn't found the perfect recipe for them.
Eli Roth's faux-smart, long-shelved, and exploitative-as-hell cannibal tale "The Green Inferno" is a remarkably perfect example of horror's unexamined white privilege.
Holds its own in a sometimes dubious genre, even as it quietly avoids some of its inherent, queasy problems.
The more brutal this becomes, the less anything other than blood and guts seems to matter. Just because watching every gory detail of a man getting torn limb from limb turns the stomach doesn't mean it quickens the pulse.
Roth has a knack for injecting the right note of humor amid the horror. Not just the moment when one of those affluent college kids encounters a tarantula ... and takes it out with a revolver.
The Green Inferno is the gruesome cannibalistic spectacle that Roth promises, in the basest, most palatable (pun not intended) form.
If you are looking for a well shot horror movie about a tribe of cannibals, Roth did a pretty damn good job with his directorial return.
The Green Inferno is like the R-rated cut of a porn film - you can see where it's going, but all the good bits are missing.
The savagery here is rooted in retrograde myths that might have been easier to stomach had the cannibalism been positioned as a fantastical unleashing of retribution.
Works as both a gut-punch horror film and a distressingly downbeat adventure story.
Roth's limp, one-note adventure plays more like a half-baked piss-take than the work of someone with any knowledge of, let alone respect for, the anthropophagus genre.
A tongue in cheek movie only occasionally prepared to go all the way and have that tongue cut out.
thematically of a piece with the director's influential Hostel (2005) in its focus on the experience of clueless, meddling Americans abroad. Unfortunately it also shares with Hostel Roth's inability to settle on a consistent or compelling tone.
It never lets up: it barrels ahead, exuberant and relentless in its brutality, never giving the audience a second to unclench. It's a feast for gorehounds, one with an unsubtle message about the way that uninformed activism harms more than it helps.
Really quite fun. Up to a point.
The plot may sound fairly simplistic but underneath the blood and guts there's a biting satire about rich cosseted students signing up to causes they hardly understand.
The Green Inferno receives a palpable shot in the arm from the characters' initial arrival into the tribe's primitive camp...
A generally bad time at the movies, and the only significant payoff is a reinforced feeling that Eli Roth is terrified of anyone who isn't an upper-middle-class millennial.
A blood-soaked ride into the jaws of Hell, but Inferno is too frivolous to score as nightmare material, finding Roth displaying habitual timidity when it comes to truly shocking encounters.
A serviceable reintroduction to Roth's idiosyncratic brand of horror, but it fails to either offend or exhilarate, instead chronicling the misadventures of a group of student activists with more technical acuity than singularity.
Boy, Roth sure knows how to kill people. I mean, we knew that but it's been four movies now and he's coming up with innovative ways.
It seems, ironically, much more amateurish than any of Roth's previous features, to the point where you start to wonder why he chose this as his comeback vehicle.
A fun and interesting twist on the travelogue sub-genre of horror ... far better than many horror movies with twice the budget.
if you want an absolutely brutal experience that's tough to endure, just like CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST, this is probably the movie for you.

@highlight

The Green Inferno may not win writer-director Eli Roth many new converts, but fans of his flair for gory spectacle should find it a suitably gruesome diversion.