To its credit, The Dilemma treats the complicated tensions and sadnesses and joys of relationships with far more nuance than most modern comedies.
Lacking any great surprises, this story meanders along trying to prolong the dilemma for as long as possible.
Unsettling and so off tone that we wonder if we are supposed to be laughing at this at all.
The Dilemma is quite enjoyable until its characters stop behaving like rational adults and start acting like they've just realised they've got a film to finish.
It deals with a serious issue of problems in a marriage, but it does so in such an ignorant, clumsy, sophomoric way with a sexist point of view that it loses any value, either morally or in terms of entertainment.
The man who grew up on sitcoms and then made agreeable diversions like Splash and Parenthood seems to have lost his comedic touch.
Shockingly dark, the focus of "The Dilemma" is less about cheap laughs and more about the absurd humor of existential loneliness.
Director Ron Howard, usually a surer touch behind the camera, seems out of his element here, unable to bring anything into clear comedic focus.
The story may wander, and bears none of Howard's usual hallmarks, but the talent involved ensures The Dilemma offers more than just your average date movie.
This film is familiar territory to director Howard ("Parenthood") but, as always, he finds a way to get the right performances from his actors...
Even for an experienced director like Howard, there are just too many problems to get around.
In spite of the talent, The Dilemma misfires
Feels like a throwaway effort by everyone involved.
An intriguing marital dramedy that rides the line between great and awful, often undone by lazy editing.
...far too sedate and uneven to make a wholeheartedly positive impact on the viewer.
Do you trust this movie to tackle the issue with fairness and brains?
The Dilemma requires a director willing to indulge the dark comedy to its fullest. One name that style doesn't bring to mind for the job is Ron Howard.
Surely this balancing act involving both heartbreak and humor will polarize those who would prefer that the film stick to one or the other.
Some great chemistry between the central duo is undone by a plot that is so frustrating you will want to chew off your arm. It's so frustrating that the ending is a palpable relief.
The Dilemma is built upon an inherently false premise. In its heart it knows this, so it expends all sorts of energy trying to throw sand in the eyes of viewers, obscuring this fact for the sake of 'zaniness.'
The male leads look comfortable in roles that approximate to their usual comic personas and each deliver chuckle-worthy moments.
There are some laughs and pleasures to be found here.
Finding humor in this humorless situation is The Dilemma.
Hollywood gloss will paper over a few of The Dilemma's problems but you'll leave the cinema more feeling indifferent than anything else.
This cinematic collision between Vince Vaughn's celebrated funny-surly persona and Ron Howard's earnest pedigree is a bore -- and a serious miscalculation.
As cumbersome and drawn out as a slowly deflating tire, this cinematic collision between Vaughn's celebrated funny-surly persona and Howard's earnest pedigree is a bore -- and a serious miscalculation.
A Titanic wreck that makes you wonder if anyone was at the helm. The plot's lost in a Bermuda triangle of exhausted-formula, genre-muddle and hackneyed storytelling. Bromance, dark drama, slapstick, and rambling, wanna-be-funny speeches get mixed up.
Rather less fun than a badly executed coronary bypass.
Howard Tries to Have Fun with a Touchy Subject But the Good Drama Gets in the Way of his Lame Jokes.
The film isn't without its flaws - it's inconsistent, and characters seem to drop in and out - but its serious treatment of its characters and their problems makes it much better than it probably has any right to be.
Conversations about relationships and business are couched in the language of American sport: game seven; playoffs; red zones; end zones; sports stars; ice hockey. Is this the only way men can talk to each other?
A sour and tiresome comedy...
A humourless mess.
Who ever thought that Ron Howard could make a cult film? This movie is a mess, but it's an intelligent and affecting mess.
Is it too soon to pronounce something 'the worst film of the year?'
But it's just way too uneven, too masochistically sexist and startlingly homophobic for the good to outweigh the bad. It is a movie I can appreciate for the attempt but roast over the coals thanks to its execution.
A not so bad bromance.
Vaughan's behaviour is so crass and silly as to lack credibility.
A comedy without laughs, and a drama without tension.
Clearly director Ron Howard (Cocoon, Frost/ Nixon) was striving to make a black comedy drama, but instead has created a film that's merely cynical and depressing.
Yes, there are a handful of interesting insights into friendship but when the film aims for funny it falls flat and the faltering romance between Vaughn and Connelly is never developed nearly enough to make us care.
This collapses into comic mayhem, falling-out-of-trees slapstick, snore-bore misunderstandings and a sizeable distance between laughs.
One would not think that an issue of infidelity, a main character struggling with addiction and a flailing business proposition would be the recipe for a laugh riot.
The pejorative use of the word "gay" that got The Dilemma in hot water is still in the movie, and stands as one of its funnier lines. Not that there's anything right about that.
Despite flashes of insight and humour, The Dilemma's ham-fisted mishmash of bromantic set pieces and warts-and-all relationship drama makes for uneasy viewing.
A suspenseless marathon of misguided male loyalty. Nothing's funny. Nothing's real.
It's just a failure, full stop.
Pious, intense and often hectoringly implausible, the movie runs on empty while making loud "vroom-vroom" sounds.
Junk-food cinema in its most elementary form. If you're lucky you'll have forgotten everything about this film by the time you leave the building.
Even with veteran director Ron Howard behind the camera, proceedings too often veer off in the wrong direction.
This is the sort of set-up that would have been perfectly nailed in a single episode of Friends.
A film with an identity crisis: an awkward hybrid of comedy and drama that's never sure of which avenue to pursue.
A Dilemma in more ways than one.
A lack of focus leaves this film neither funny enough to be a comedy nor astute enough to be a drama. Although it's clearly trying to be both, there's nothing about the story or characters that grabs our attention.
Such defining efforts as Cocoon and Apollo 13 seem light years away for Ron Howard...
Badly written, poorly directed and painfully low on laughs, The Dilemma struggles to find the right tone and ultimately fails to convince on an emotional level...
If it had been a complete drama or a complete comedy it would have been a better film. The schizoid approach just didn't work.
The tone flits, sometimes uncomfortably, from Vaughn-fuelled laugh-fest to relationship drama, but it's a winner compared to many of the clunkly comedies out there.
It lacks faith in its story, characters and audience.
Perhaps the late Blake Edwards could have found a balance between slapstick and psychodrama, but Ron Howard can't get the pacing right, and Allan Loeb's script is even wordier than the one he wrote for Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.
It waits around for the chatty Vaughn to decide what he's going to do, ping-ponging between mean humor and bland sentimentality. The one bright spot? The performance of Channing Tatum.
There are lackluster movies Vince Vaughn can charm into being better. There are mediocre scripts Ron Howard can will some life into. The Dilemma just isn't one of them
Cack-22.
Allan Loeb's sharp script throws up enough complications and smartly rounds out the characters... to ensure the tension is sustained without upsetting the juggling act of laughs and life lessons.
There are more laughs in SCHINDLER'S LIST
...clumsy, unfunny, disgracefully sexist.
Ends with 20 minutes of apologies, a round robin of regret that downshifts the film's sputtering energy into park.
It's safe and boring
Ron Howard delivers an unconventional romantic comedy that's actually about something.
A surprisingly honest take on relationships with terrific performances by the four leads. A shame it has been mis-advertised as a wacky comedy, because it is much better than that.
It's about as crappy as the trailers make it seem- and if you found them as painful to sit through as I did, you should avoid this like the plague.
The only thing missing from this slight comedy of misunderstandings is Mr. Furley - and a scene set in the Regal Beagle.
Catch your best friend's significant other cheating do you confront them? Ignore it? Or like Ron Howard, make your dilemma into a two-hour comedy and name it The Dilemma.
The filmmakers just don't know what to do about the ladies.
If you're in the mood for some Vince Vaughn fast talking that's better than average, The Dilemma will work for you.
I realize it's only January, but The Dilemma is already in the running for worst movie of the year. It will be a hard one to top. Or bottom.
A movie that struggled to find a name never chooses a tone.
The Dilemma marks the latest step in Ron Howard's attempt to recapture his past glory as a populist filmmaker, and apparently that involves making a terrible Vince Vaughn comedy.
The Dilemma for audiences is whether they would appreciate this slight, threadbare film but for the indefatigable energy of Vince Vaughn?
Howard tries desperately to balance the comedy against the screenplay's tense domestic melodrama ... and mostly fails.
Meant to bridge the gap between chick flick and frat house fare, it is bound to annoy both intended audiences...
A morality play about friendship and telling the truth that fizzles into a sour and tedious comedy.
A risky failure: a Ron Howard-directed so-called buddy comedy with Vince Vaughn and Kevin James that evolves into a weird, clumsy psychodrama about adultery, addiction and dishonesty.
This isn't a date movie... unless it's a blind date that you realized you didn't like during dinner and want to ensure there will be no second date.
There is some good drama in the resolution, but this ain't the drama version. They had their chance to make a drama and they made the wrong choice.
The Dilemma is directed by Ron Howard, a man who can be relied on never to miss an obvious move. Yet, the film just keeps getting darker and darker, and Vaughn keeps pushing it that way.
The film is hardly a disaster. It has some effective comedy and a sense of reality but it's not the kind of engrossing package that Ron Howard usually delivers.
There may have been a very good comedy in this scenario, or even a serious drama, but all we end up in here is no man's -- and no laughs -- land.
Oh, there's a dilemma all right -- your choices are clunky comedy or fumbled drama in this new Vince Vaughn vehicle.
Bromances being what they are, Vince's sharp pang of disappointment might have been worth pursuing but, Ron Howard being who he is, not a chance.
This excruciating exercise in indecision sometimes feels like a glum comedy, sometimes like a silly drama. But it never, ever achieves anything like a coherent, consistent tone.
Let's have a toast for Vince Vaughn, shall we?
Can we ever truly know someone? Can we even answer the question? Probably not, but The Dilemma gets credit for trying.
Torn between establishing itself as a bromantic comedy or a relationship potboiler, the movie meets the requirements of neither. It is unsatisfying in general.
How did Ron Howard get attached to this train wreck of a movie? Howard's track record as a director has been hit or miss... but never this deeply, disturbingly miss.
The script by Allan Loeb careens all over the place without ever coming to rest on anything interesting.
A very poor effort from a talented group of people, this is a terrible movie wrapped in a glossy package.
This dilemma -- and its resolution -- feels real and true, even when it's playing things for laughs.
The January movie burial ground claims another victim. RIP.
Friendship comedy veers into serious territory.
The Dilemma is steadfast in its blockheaded moral code, one optimized for maximum pratfalls and foolishness.
...so aggravating, that is so stupid in its set-up and narrative execution that it makes you want to throw things.
There's no "Dilemma" here at all - just a simple disappointment.
Though The Dilemma refers to a singular predicament, the film miscalculates its total number of problems ... particularly with regard to its grab-bag of styles running throughout.
As painful as the scenes are in which these four people try to figure out how to move forward, there's also plenty of humor because the characters' reactions feel like the way real people might behave in embarrassing situations.
There is much to say about the love that, except in comedies, dare not speak its name - the kind between straight men. "The Dilemma" says enough of it to be interesting.
While Vaughn proves he's still got the fast-talking bravado that makes him so bewilderingly watchable, neither his quick wit nor his chemistry with Kevin James can transform "The Dilemma" into the gold standard of buddy comedies.
Where's the comedy that has been promised to us for months and months? The Dilemma is meaner and more dramatic than I was anticipating, and more than it should be.
If you must see "The Dilemma," see it on a plane.
You'd think there'd be room in a 118-minute semi-comedy for more comedy, but apparently not.
Mediocrity hangs thick around The Dilemma, like a fog hugging a beach.
The Dilemma is a disappointing misfire.
Universal Pictures is pushing Ron Howard's new film as an all-star comedy. For me it's about a 2-starrer.
Those expecting a trademark Vince Vaughn Wedding Crashers-style laughfest will be disappointed-and those who hate Vince Vaughn Wedding Crashers-style laughfests will be surprisingly impressed.
A dismal dramedy in which the comic bits aren't funny, the more serious parts heavy-handed and contrived, and the scenes that try to mix the two tonally muddled.
Kristen Wiig plays a character on Saturday Night Live that can't keep a secret. Man, could this movie have used her.
It's clear when a film is being tonally dishonest with itself, and this is what overpowers the positive traits that the film has to offer.
As it is, The Dilemma just feels like a big bowl full of ingredients that never makes the jump to a finished recipe.
...stretches patience, common sense, and anyone's ability to stomach Vince Vaughn rambling his way through an eternally long two hours.
The Dilemma never stops being a movie, and never starts being a good one.
Dilemma rests on the same structural foundation as episodes of Three's Company, when Mr. Roper thought he heard shenanigans through the kitchen door. A simple conversation would clear things up.
What "The Dilemma" ultimately does best is create a platform for Vaughn to drag that iconic character of his into full-blown adulthood.
Likely to please no one, neither the comedy seekers drawn in by James and Vaughn's mugs on the poster or the more sophisticated grown-ups who hear the movie is darker than you expect.
The Dilemma never quite finds the right tonal balance, although its dramatic moments are certainly more potent than its comedic ones.
While it feels a bit unbalanced at times, The Dilemma still proves to be a sincerely clever comedy.
A few months back, director Ron Howard started catching flack with GLAAD when trailers for his newest film included Vince Vaughn calling a car 'gay.' He better be prepared for heavy artillery fire when people actually see the whole movie.
Ron Howard has made some great films. "The Dilemma" is not one of them.
...this is quite a bit more engaging and emotionally challenging than one had much reason to expect.
There is a dark but funny, likable but truthful movie that could be made from this material, maybe even with the same cast. But best efforts or not, The Dilemma isn't quite it.
The real dilemma in the sadly unfunny "The Dilemma" is that several different movies are going on in director Ron Howard's first nondrama in 11 years.
Amusing romantic comedy about how the titular dilemma nearly torpedoes the relationships that bond two upwardly mobile Chicago couples.
A comedy that seems terrified to acknowledge its darker, more sinister self, it's like an overmedicated patient or an addict in dread of relapse.
What distinguishes The Dilemma ... is its resounding unfunnyness, its emotional dishonesty, and the general unlikability of its cast of characters.
"The Dilemma" doesn't have the nerve to explore the movie's downbeat soul, and settles for cheese and slapstick.
It's rare for a director as reliably down-the-middle as Ron Howard to let his movies go too far out on a limb, but The Dilemma is a wild ride, thrilling when it isn't a calamity.
The movie is not all that deep, but it does go further than many of its kind in acknowledging the hurt and difficulty that are the deep wellsprings of any comedy worthy of the name.
Good performances in an interesting attempt that ultimately fails. Wrong fit for director Ron Howard.
Unfortunately, Ronny and Nick's bromance takes over, and James has neither the comedy chops or wildness to keep up with Vaughn.
The film spends too long dancing around the problem's possibilities, but barely addresses the potential of the solution.
The failure to establish which world these characters live in becomes more problematic as the film goes on.
The film retreats from its troubling message about the mystery of human nature and turns into a conventional celebration of male friendship. Vaughn is clearly prepared to push himself further, but Howard can be relied upon to play it safe
The ugly emotional mess is so respectfully handled that the story resonates far beyond its comic designs.
How are the mighty fallen...unavoidably second-rate...a likable guy goes completely bonkers, and it isn't funny...Tatum charmingly steals his scenes with Vaughn, revealing how limited the actor is...Definitely aimed at males, the movie is quite misogynistic.
At the very least, I can now say that I know what "lady wood" is.
[Vince] Vaughn and [Kevin] James usually headline comedies that aim low and achieve little, but The Dilemma aims high and somehow achieves even less.
Ron Howard movies inspire that rare kind of allergic reaction: They're so unremarkable they're actually frustrating.
The introspective themes aren't fleshed out to their fullest potential, but it's interesting to watch Howard depict bothered people with a semi-lighthearted tone, instilling the film with a promising, if unfulfilled gravitas.
Ostensibly a comedy, this movie can't quite decide what it wants to be when it grows up.
The jokes, when and where they can be found, are puerile, and continually give Vaughn the movie-star catbird seat.
Heads toward easy jokes and easier sentiment, with a side of painful product placement.
Director Ron Howard and the gifted actors are defeated by a misguided film, which suffers from identity crisis, disappointing as a male buddy comedy and/or more serious account of the nature and limitations of friendhsip.
Among Howard's infrequent misfires, this is one of the most disappointing.
Even though The Dilemma fails as a whole, there's enough ethical brain teasing and character-based conflict to warrant an unenthusiastic recommendation.
"The Dilemma" is never dull, but it's also a mess.
Howard slowly escalates the tension to an unexpected but deeply satisfying pay-off, and the film's final scenes demonstrate yet again that he is one of the few mainstream directors who can make dramatic symbolism work on a big canvas.
The true dilemma of this misguided seriocomedy lies in the filmmakers' confusion as to whether they're making a side-splitting bromance (nope) or an unsparing, warts-and-all look at screwed-up relationships (sort of).
The problem is that, like its primary characters, the film itself is emotionally damaged, trying too hard to be likeable and coming across too serious and dysfunctional for its own good.
A dark spirit pervades this Vince Vaughn/Kevin James buddy movie that stifles laughter.
Suffers from the mistaken impression that it's a comedy. Instead, it's merely a template for comedy, handed to a group of people who obviously had no idea what to do with it.
The latest comedy to explore the ethics of male friendships, The Dilemma relies on the enthusiastic performances of its unique cast to see it through.


@highlight

It boasts a likable cast and an interesting premise, but The Dilemma can't decide what to do with them; the result is an uneven blend of cheesy slapstick and surprisingly dark comedy.