A lot of thought and effort has been put into City of Ember but the whole is never more than the sum of its parts. It wants to be an adventure story and a fable and a mystery all at the same time and never quite decides what it is.
One of the best family films of the year...if you like your kid movies with a little more bruising than normal.
Built upon a bedrock of dazzling and richly constructed sets -- think Dr. Seuss meets Jules Verne meets Mad Max -- and complemented by rock-solid storytelling, it's an enormously enjoyable family film.
Ultimately, this journey to rekindle the fire of humanity fails to burn bright enough, leaving only the unpleasant taste of ashes.
A shaky platform of sense but the visual genius is so great, the film must be seen.
In addition to being fascinating and exciting, City of Ember invites its young viewers to constantly ask questions and never give up.
Tween audiences should be awestruck, and the message of audacity in the face of orthodoxy feels genuinely heroic.
Murray playing the glutton doesn't exactly fit the bill and for all the architectural care that's gone into Ember's creation, the secret at its heart is no mystery to us, the audience.
Murray is always good to have around, and so are Tim Robbins, who plays Doon's defeated father, and Martin Landau as one of the drones who tries to keep the city in working order. The young actors are excellent.
An extraordinary children's adventure...
Although it starts slowly, there are plenty of rewards in this well crafted family fantasy adventure, as it explores a world in which light bulbs form the sky and a powerful generator acts as its heartbeat.
This well-designed and executed piece of entertainment is actually very satisfying.
Pure escapism fun, with plenty of stark visuals and inventiveness to go around.
It's an unfortunate end to a promising movie.
Ultimately, it didn't move me in any way.
The best family movie you never heard of is waiting for you to discover it.
This is a movie with a very specific target audience %u2013 young people who've read the book %u2013 and it will play solely to that demographic.
Richly detailed setting does not overcome haphazard, amusement-park ride plotting.
Visually accomplished but dramatically mundane.
Enjoyable fantasy adventure, enlivened by interesting characters, strong performances and an engaging premise.
The Builders have done a fine job here, if only audiences will show up to appreciate it.
Darned good family viewing.
I found City of Ember to be one of the most pleasant moviegoing surprises of the year. Imaginative, exciting, dramatic, and even fun.
...an arresting atmosphere of oddball whimsy...
It's smart and could be a heck of a wake-up call if it bothered to sound its alarm earlier and louder. There are magical, thrilling moments and a gem of a role for Martin Landau, but the film can feel sluggish and doesn't let Bill Murray cut loose.
Thematically, this is pretty heady material. It's too bad that the movie itself isn't up to the depth of its themes.
Saoirse Ronan brings a preternatural maturity to this starring role, but, most importantly, a sense of urgency, which is largely missing from much of the big-name cast.
the film's set design is amazing; creating a totally believable ramshackle future world for our young heroes to play in, but the film ultimately fails because of weak characters and some tepid action sequences.
Since when did post-apocalyptic themes become family fare? While 'WALL-E' was charming, this is downright grim.
If you've ever dreamed of seeing Brazil, Dark City, City of Lost Children, or the Quay Brothers animated, Kafkaesque classic Street of Crocodiles reimagined for kids now you have your chance.
I like the ideas this movie presents, and it's certainly interesting to watch. But the characters are too shallow to care about anyone.
The marvelously detailed world of Ember was created through a combination of sets built on a brownfield in Belfast and CGI effects which blend in almost seamlessly...
A post-apocalyptic children's fable that recalls the pre-Amelie work of Jean-Pierre Jeunet, Fritz Lang's Metropolis and Pixar's Wall-E, City of Ember is a production designer's movie that retains some of the fairy-tale darkness of the Grimm
Even if it occasionally goes off course, City of Ember provides audiences with a thought-provoking and family-friendly adventure.
A thrilling adventure tale and teen fantasy that is grounded in real concerns about who is managing the planet.
Imaginative, heartfelt and exciting.
Though City of Ember is a bit hurried in execution, this first live-action film by director Gil Kenan has the subterranean feel of a dream being described.
A first-rate, no-nonsense adventure saga that plays nicely off the timely idea that energy is finite and precious.
The story, based on Jeanne Duprau's novel of the same name, is beautifully constructed. It builds until it reaches the point that it's one edge-of-your-seat moment after another.
City of Ember starts out promising and ends up ho-hum.
Except for watching Bill Murray get attacked by a giant mole (something unique in Billy boy's career so far) this sci-fi fantasy aimed at kids feels wan and warmed over.
City of Ember has almost anything one could want from a science fiction-based family adventure film: likeable characters, an imaginative setting, and a fast pace.
I never read the books that led to this film, but I would imagine that some elements of the story work better on the page than on the screen.
There's been far too much attention paid to physical and narrative detail, not enough to the dimensions of the characters.
This Walden Media production has less in common with 'The Chronicles of Narnia' than with 'Z.P.G.' and 'THX-1138' and other environmentally conscious science-fiction films that end with inspiring images of the Earth's giver of life, the sun.
Both light entertainment and smart, subversive literature, urging the young to think for themselves, question authority and make their own destiny.
Entertainment-wise, City of Ember is a good family deal: exciting and simple enough for anyone over 8 to follow yet mature and mildly satirical enough for parents.
Ember is seldom riveting, but it's consistently compelling, and its uncompromising literal and metaphorical darkness renders its climax enormously satisfying.
It does have two likable teen actors as role models for the audience at which it takes aim. Anybody over 15, though, should look elsewhere.
And though the film ultimately falls short of its considerable promise, there's more than enough here to keep thoughtful moviegoers - of any age - intrigued.
Splendidly cast, intelligent, graphically inventive romp.
Visually striking from start to finish.
The movie brings DuPrau's visionary world of wonder alive with fervor and energy. The story moves quickly: hitting plot points at a sprint and creating great tension.
There's shockingly little plot in this tale of the denizens of the titular city.
A grim fantasy about a cloistered subterranean metropolis that wants to be both a kids' adventure and a dystopian finger-wag. That director Gil Kenan's second feature never quite succeeds as either is a shame for all the dazzling craftsmanship.
Caroline Thompson's screenplay is dour in the extreme ... a bit of humor would have made this dystopian tale go down easier.
The mood of the movie is flat, without highs or lows, and the special effects are only mildly exciting. Even kids will notice that.
City of Ember is one of those sparkling and smart family fantasy films that breed respect for the writers of young adult novels and serve as reminder that good things do come out of Hollywood.
The brightest star is the soundstage that stands in for endangered Ember. It's a beguiling, belching, labyrinthine example of movie magic.
[The filmmakers] create a sharply realized and fantastically rich underground city.
A murky, directionless plot sinks this big-budget fantasy.
The film adapts Jeanne Duprau's novel with visual flair and vague, clumsy storytelling.
No, this is a family-friendly epic designed to send viewers out on a safely euphoric high and nothing more, and to say it does so with almost smoothly confident ease would be more than a bit of an understatement.
The story's powered by the sense of discovery that moves classic quest tales -- the idea that there's something much, much bigger out there if only you can find it. It's a modest movie that understands the sky's the limit.
It's lumpy, odd and tonally all over the place, but its vision gets to you, and its payoff delivers a tough kid's catharsis.
Digs deep but ends up feeling surprisingly cobbled-together from cinematic odds and ends.
Nothing here for mature adults. Whether kids will go it is anybody's guess.
While producers Fox Walden continue in their efforts to bring interesting books for youngsters to the big screen, moviegoers are advised to read the novel and skip the flick.
With a little luck and nurturing City Of Ember will find its way into the light of the multiplex, where word of mouth could give it an extended stay.
I sat there bored out of my skull, rooting for the generator to explode to put us all out of our misery.
[Bill] Murray is an actor who could wilt a building with his rheumy gaze, and his presence here is so insurmountably satirical that he throws the movie out of whack...
City of Ember simply doesn't work as entertainment, ending up a cluttered mess and another example for writers to use when they pull the "Sophomore Slump" feature out for publication again.
With the help of Bill Murray, Tim Robbins, Martin Landau and Tom Hanks (as producer), this film is a true treat for the whole family, especially when compared to a talking dog.
A film that doesn't fulfil the promise of its source material but still offers a novel setting and reasonably gripping - if rushed - story.
A simple and lovely tale, perfect for a family outing.
What made the book version interesting has, in the film version, been beaten down to an entropic standstill
Ember is a superbly crafted environment, recalling not only the dreamlike nocturnal landscape of City of Lost Children but also the self-contained, sub-aquatic art-deco setting of last year's superlative videogame Bioshock.
...dismal, dramatically inert...the film plays like Bee Movie in a bomb shelter.
For all the rich production values and well-known cast, City of Ember falters because of both a very ordinary screenplay and dramatic detail that turns around as if there was no tomorrow. You admire the way it looks but it is a penance to get through.
One of those rare movies that should have been longer
And though 14-year-old Saoirse Ronan (Oscar-nominated for Atonement) shines as the city's saviour, even she can't light a path through a suspenseless plot seemingly attacked by hungry moths.
Admire it, at least, as a kids' film trying to be different, but even at 90 minutes, it drags.
Director Gil Kenan, who made the brilliant animation feature Monster House, does his best. With a better script and bigger budget he will be back with something better.
But it is woefully short of two vital ones - action and adventure. Only near the end do the thrills get stoked up as our heroes go on a hair-raising boat ride.
Anyone over the age of 12 will need ProPlus to avoid the same fate.
The only reason to see City Of Ember is to enjoy the sight of Bill Murray trying to look scared as he is attacked by a giant, man-eating mole.
City Of Ember is a fun adventure flick that drags a little in the beginning but picks up and turns into a fun ride.
Middling family fare, Ember too often smoulders when it needs to fire.
After the nifty Monster House, it's a disappointingly sluggish film from Gil Kenan.
City of Ember would have functioned better as a five-minute theme-park ride than as a 94-minute family film.
While director Gil Kenan and writer Caroline Thompson's work leans heavily toward children's fantasy, their film leaves gaping science-fiction holes.
At moments City of Ember suggests a mild satire of end-of-days ideology.
City of Ember suffers from being as under-plotted as it is overdecorated.
More often, all the running, the hiding, the escaping (from giant moles, from giant Murray) are decidedly less exciting, and compelling, than City of Ember wants to be.
Seems more concerned with hurtling through the story to get to the mystery waiting at the end; it has no concept of admiring the view or savoring the journey.
City of Ember is an obsessively creative and wondrous film, proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that Hollywood need not dumb down its fare to appeal to kids of all ages.
Despite a classy cast - Toby Jones, Tim Robbins, Martin Landau - this is fantasy which runs low on a crucial ingredient: imagination.
The story is too sour for young children, and too moth-eaten for teenagers.
This seriously entertaining film celebrates the idea that, despite their elders' complacency, the young will find the strength to imagine a better future for themselves.
A loud, depressing and confusing would-be franchise-starter that is just as murky, corrupt and exhausted as the post-apocalyptic world that it depicts.
A gorgeously imagined and visually sumptuous but still bleak and dystopic vision.
For youngsters used to more exciting fare even on the small screen, City of Ember is likely to be more like City of Slumber.
Who authorized such a wonderfully rich yet exceedingly grim adventure? And who exactly will show up on opening day?
City of Ember is a useful reminder about the power of the human spirit to triumph where our own hopelessly broken systems have failed.
It's not an entirely convincing trip, but it is the sort of satisfying movie you wished they would make more often.
Begins where Dr. Strangelove ended: what if the world ended and humanity was forced to live underground? (Minus Strangelove's promise of an army of fertile vixens.)
If you're in need of a good nap, you might want to stop through this city of blinded lights, but otherwise, it's not worth a visit.
Stagnant, lugubrious and very, very slow. Besides being plodding, the fatal error of City of Ember is its lack of heart.
It's a bit too heady for its own good. And it doesn't help that the film is aloof and cold; it isn't exactly what you'd call enthralling.
Yes, it's a shame no one is making movies like Goonies anymore, but this pale imitation is just as disappointing.
An entertaining kids' film with more imagination than most.
Will almost certainly bore both you and the child/kid brother/nephew/court-appointed protege you brought along--unless they truly love learning about pipes and power sources.
To be fair, City of Ember would probably entertain younger viewers, if they haven't already been hopelessly corrupted by high-powered sci-fi on TV and video.
Whether by coincidence or intention, City of Ember hits home, leaving you hoping that we'll find our own Doon and Lina to get to the bottom of things before it's too late.
It's an engaging story with strong characters that keep our interest even with the slightly too-fantastical design and under-explained script.
This heart-thumping, edge-of-your seat adventure boasts an impressive cast and crew of acclaimed, award-winning talent.
In style it's a hark back to those old Doug McClure fantasy pics, and in theme rather similar to Logan's Run (but with lots of rust flakes).
Fast-paced fantasy has lots of tense moments.
Kenan's palpable affection for his central creation is so strong that once we're gasping fresh air, we want to dive back in, get to know Ember's intriguing denizens better and properly explore its claustrophobic hinterland. Something we're sadly denied.








@highlight

City of Ember is visually arresting, and boasts a superb cast, but is sadly lacking in both action and adventure.