A remarkable story with tremendous human interest, about people we think we've figured out, but about whom we actually know next to nothing.
Faked compassion, bland visuals, metaphors dropped like anvils
...a good but not classic movie of a good but not classic novel.
Entirely too epic for its own good.
Forster na synehizei na psahnei ti Hora toy Pote stin paramythenia Kampoyl toy protoy meroys, prin perasei sto deytero kommati tis istorias, opoy i prospatheia toy Afganoy metanasti na brei thesi sto Neo Kosmo kai bima na pei tis istories toy, ginetai syn
Es un poco inevitable sentir que la película transcurre casi como un trámite, sin permitirle al espectador una aproximación mucho más sensible a la historia.
A skilfully made and subtly powerful film, with a disarmingly human protagonist whose efforts seem all the more real, given his weaknesses and the movie's authentic feel.
The Kite Runner will no doubt warm the hearts of its intended audience, but its nature is one of dubious flattery.
The two young boys are definitely the highlight of the film. Their friendship is truly felt, which makes the tragedy that befalls Hassan all the more powerful.
The Kite Runner is solid and competently made, but then those are words one always uses when a piece of art falls short of greatness.
Moments feel disappointingly scripted, so it's especially good news that many of its characters do not.
Hosseini's over-done melodrama that doesn't so much open our eyes to Afghanistan as reinforce everything negative we've already suspected.
Friendship, loyalty, tragedy, and politics are themes sensitively and sometimes terrifyingly examined. But the film's hopeful spirit hits home despite the differences in our culture and language.
A heart-wrenching tale of lost friendship and redemption, "The Kite Runner" is as memorable as a movie as it is a novel.
Uma admirável montanha-russa emocional.
The Kite Runner is a film that both soars like its kite metaphor on the air currents of good storytelling, and falls to earth when its credibility is cut out from under it.
Alternately chilling and thrilling, The Kite Runner tugs at some emotional strings not often yanked with such frankness.
The narrative is a tapestry entwined from personal and political threads; the result is emotionally overwhelming
The Kite Runner is a curiosity in that it is a film driven almost entirely by its story, to the point that all the actors - save the fiercely patriarchal Homayoun Ershadi as Amir's father- seem purely functional, if not negligible.
...the film is entertaining with superb acting, But a far cry from making the impact that the book did. Why it minimizes the brutality of the Taliban is mystifying.
The Kite Runner is dramatically and visually sumptuous
Forster's self-important direction submarines a film that begins well, but slips into melodrama and plods towards anti-climax.
It's a brutal second act, really.
Perhaps he might have been tougher but that might have rendered the film less digestible.
Based on Khaled Hosseini's highly regarded novel, this story of exile, ambition and betrayal has an emotional power that outstrips its occasional implausibilities.
The measured mise-en-scène is fine for the boyhood scenes. Character-building alternates with brief bursts of image music, such as the kite-flying contest that fills the Kabul sky with darting, colourful fabric-birds.
There's something timid and tasteful about the filmmaking which struck me as pretty mendacious, in a story about a blood bond severed by rape and mended, a generation on, by a rather too tidy act of atonement.
A cracking final 20 minutes leave you realising what an evil bunch of idiots the Taliban really are.
A workmanlike, if decaffeinated version of Khaled Hosseini's bestselling novel.
The third of the film given to the boys' childhood adventures is excellent, both kids fully convincing as pals who'll never part.
An enthralling piece of cinema.
Showcasing a welcome lack of big-budget attitude, The Kite Runner makes up for its small flaws with an engaging, thought-provoking story and a willingness to tackle some very dark issues.
It would take a viewer with the aesthetic skills of an Olympian to overcome the horrendous hurdles placed in entertainment's way by this well-meaning but misguided adaptation of the famed bestseller.
The film deftly spans the cruelty of Afghan history, from the Soviet invasion to Taliban desolation.
Forster takes few liberties with Hosseini's novel: it's a straightforward, anadorned adaptation with the much of the dialogue in Persian and a capable non-starry cast.
The film's belief in the power of redemption and its subtle assertion of the need for moral courage in personal (or political) conflict, is never allowed to get in the way of its boldly told, intelligent, informed and affecting story.
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a moving emotional drama with strong performances from its two young leads.
An engaging melodrama whose less convincing plot points are superseded by some astonishingly affecting performances from the mostly unknown cast.
[The filmmakers] sensitively handle the breakdown of Amir and Hassan's friendship [and] grasp the tension between the hardship of those who remained in Afghanistan and the guilt of those who fled.
The part of the film set in Kabul (actually filmed in China) is fascinating, breathtaking and exciting.
'The Kite Runner' is certainly one of the better films in a year of very good ones.
This is no experimental tale, but a gripping yarn, and the issues it confronts are complicated ones, with many sides.
Both tender and brutal, the sweeping story touches upon such lofty themes as religious fundamentalism, the ravages of war and the overwhelmingly desolate nature of regret.
Afghanistan is a nation tortured by history, but the core feeling in The Kite Runner is heartburning love of the place, its proud people and dusty, rugged beauty.
Director Marc Forster and screenwriter David Benioff fail to capture the full impact of Khaled Hosseini's mega-best seller The Kite Runner.
A respectful adaptation of Khaled Hosseini's 2003 novel.
The Kite Runner is actually a lyrical and understated portrait of life's journey come full circle, within the context of the immigrant experience.
Some plot turns in The Kite Runner feel predictable and contrived, but there's nothing false about the film's overall redemptive flight.
The Kite Runner is earnest and sentimental and formulaic and obvious. Watching it, I could understand the fuss over Khaled Hosseini's bestselling novel, but the film didn't make me want to read it.
If The Kite Runner flies only to flutter and fall a bit, at least it flies for a while.
The filmmakers go by the book in The Kite Runner, a literate, if occasionally listless adaptation of Khaled Hosseini's best-selling novel.
Director Forster always works wonders with children. It's what made Finding Neverland a near-classic. It's what redeems the intermittent obviousness and flatness of this film about escaping an unforgiving fatherland.
A glossy and admirable condensation of the immensely popular novel...
An example of how good intentions don't necessarily make for a good movie.
A completely captivating and powerful moviegoing experience, a heartwrenching but redemptive story that deftly intertwines the personal and the political.
At times it flies, but it never comes close to soaring.
Everything good about the book has been removed from the film, and everything trite and unconvincing in the book has been left as the core of the drama.
The movie version of The Kite Runner succeeds in at least one respect: It does make you want to check out the source material to see what has been glossed over.
This is one of those stories that, on some primal level, goes straight to the heart.
Director Marc Forster and writer David Benioff might seem odd choices to adapt a book about such a place. But they have respectfully transformed Hosseini's novel.
By the time it arrives at its final kite-flying scene back in the Bay Area, The Kite Runner has soared occasionally, but remains too grounded for its own good in the book from which it was supposed to spring.
[It] boasts one of the best performances by a child actor, ever.
Visually arresting, politically controversial, perhaps its greatest virtue is its simple message of making wrong right.
A dark tale of gnawing lament and an all-consuming yearning to atone for lifelong shortcomings.
There have been exemplary movies imported out of the Middle East and the surrounding region for well over a decade now, which is perhaps why this U.S.-born-and-bred adaptation ... never exudes the raw, authentic power that such a story demands.
Doesn't rank quite up there with Marc Forster's best work, but it still shows him as one of the best filmmakers at work today.
Tepid at best.
Afghani newcomer Ahmad Khan Mahmidzada's portrayal of the doting servant Hassan is an absolute revelation
Whilst some of the vivid detail in Khalid Hosseini's best-selling novel does get lost in translation, director Marc Forster hits all the emotional high notes.
How often does a single movie seem to capture the very essence of what it means to be alive and aware and imperfect in so simple a story? This is one of the very best films of 2007...
...an affecting, downright riveting piece of work.
A good, sprawling yarn that covers a lot of miles and a lot of years.
It's a haunting story.
The screen throws the story's weaknesses into sharper relief than the printed page did, and despite the obvious dedication and craftsmanship, the film finishes as a near-miss.
A film of deadly serious conviction but undeniable convention...
The film has the same weaknesses and strengths as the novel. And its greatest weakness is that the main character is the least interesting and just about the least sympathetic.
You've got to appreciate getting to live in a city or suburb. Things are totally run down in the good areas. The things that make these people happy would make the Super Sweet 16 kids kill themselves.
I wonder what a different director and screenwriter would have done with the source material.
Manipulative filmmaking, to be sure, but director Marc Forster manipulates us so well, we overlook the fact in the viewing and forgive it in the memory.
Dolefully faithful to its source in the broad strokes, almost none of the book's cultural engagement sneaks through.
Compelling story, well rendered.
...comes off as the simplistic Oprah-approved gush it always was...
Kite Runner remains an effective, deeply felt meditation on forgiveness, and when it stays near the characters, it's some of the best filmmaking Marc Forster has ever accomplished.
In a movie about a storyteller (Amir as an adult in America is played by Khalid Abdalla) the storytelling pace moves between deliberate and sluggish.
Like the source novel, Marc Forster's film is frequently contrived and melodramatic.
The Kite Runner doesn't just make us watch the battling kites in the skies over Kabul; it makes us truly see the people below, in many ways for the first time; that's the film's greatest achievement, and ultimately the best reason to see it.
The Kite Runner is a compelling and uplifting tale that exposes the viewer to an unfamiliar, fascinating culture and a family dynamic that is recognizable and nuanced.
The Kite Runner has become that most unfortunate of awards-season Hollywood casualties: a worthy bore.
It's the childhood scenes, and the truthfulness of the boys' performances, that you remember.
There's a lethargy and a reverence about this film that seem misplaced, as though Forster and screenwriter David Benioff thought they were adapting a sacred text and forgot they were making drama.
The young actors are quite good, as is Homayoun Ershadi as Amir's intellectual father.
This movie never gets started.
This is more an entertaining than a profound film.
The movie has two extraordinary characters and performances. Non-pro Ahmad Khan Mahmidzada breaks your heart as the innocent, wide-eyed child Hassan, and Homayoun Ershadi makes Amir's father a model of intuitive decency.
The Marc Forster-directed version of the Khaled Hosseini novel does one part of the story so well that its success underlines what's lacking in what remains.
The actors, and the many cultural specifics the movie imparts, overcome the script's deficiencies.
The movie never connects emotionally. There's something false about the storytelling; much seems black and white, morally, and there's a hole where the heart of this thing should be.
This Kite soars to rare heights.
The Kite Runner will be loved by many moviegoers for its taste and humanity, but for all the places Forster takes us he doesn't show us anything we haven't seen.
Faithful to the bestselling novel on which it's based, The Kite Runner is a thoughtful, often heart-wrenching story about betrayal and redemption.
There is a compelling movie in this somewhere, but the film as made lacks a certain momentum.
A sweet and masterful story of survival, transcendence, loyalty and friendship told with striking cinematography. A spiritual piece of work.
I wanted to see more of young Amir and Hassan, their friendship as moving and as timeless as any I could possibly imagine. As long is it focuses on them, The Kite Runner soars. If only the rest of it could fly near as high.
Fans of the book are unlikely to be disappointed and people new to the material may find a small film that lingers in their memory much longer than the hyped big ones.
It may not pack the emotional punch that it could, but it's an interesting story that's worth a look.
What happened to the Marc Foster who made the compelling indie Everything Put Together?...a bland, Hollywood production that tells the story the novel's author outlined without giving it any but the most obvious themes...
Sure, the movie doesn't have the heart of the book, but it does have a solid mechanical pump, strong enough at least to keep a robust story on two-hour life support.
A humane and enriching motion picture experience that soars and takes flight as a first class piece of filmmaking.
The movie's robotic execution doesn't match its ambition to tell an adult story for an adult audience.
Calls into question why Hosseini's novel was such a chart-climber in the first place other than being one of the first published pieces of fiction to use the Taliban as a subplot after 9/11.
a dramatic, moving and touching story fraught with danger
The movie slides downhill after its fine portrayal of childhood bonds and cowardice in Afghanistan twenty-six years in the past.
Yet another coming-of-age story, with complex emotions and developments distilled into simplistic cliches; it's as middle-of-the-road as they come.
relies heavily on gimmicky turns in the action leading toward teary crescendos
Hampered by a dull leading performance, Marc Foster and screenwriter David Benioff's adaptation of Khaled Hosseini's hugely popular novel skimps on the book's real value in favor of bland melodrama and absurd dramatics.
The power of the film's key scenes can make you forget the long, long, long trip it takes to get to them.
Mr. Forster has been soundly defeated by The Kite Runner. Despite the film's far-flung locations, there is remarkably little of visual interest here; the setups are banal, and the scenes lack tension, which no amount of editing can provide.
It's the kind of film whose major accomplishment is to make you think, 'Wow, the book is probably really good. I should have stayed home and read it.'
A positive and uplifting story about the kind of interpersonal loyalty that not even a terrorist organization can destroy.
A qualified success.
The film version of Khaled Hosseini's novel is so portentously sincere that you may feel like a cretin for embracing it with anything less than a full heart.
A heartfelt saga of cruelty redeemed by belated love.
An absorbing story in a setting that is both exotic and universal.
The decidedly small-scale finished product doesn't quite measure up to the epic scope of its story. Fortunately, the film's heart remains very much intact.
A film of exhilarating, redemptive humanity, conveying an enduring sense of hope.
The film has its moments of purity and at times they are exquisite (they almost seem accidental in their innocence), but it is the story and its ultimate disingenuousness that overturns the cart.
A memorable and moving drama about the pain of lost friendship, the yearning for forgiveness, and the freedom that comes from making amends.
The silly recurrence of an early-movie villain at the end may make you say, 'Hell to the no!' for the first time, and the same goes for the awkward emotional coda.
Maudlin, implausible and dull.
Armed with a capably hands-off screenplay by David Benioff, [Forster] made a drama as bland and beige as its tasteful palette, whose pacing wouldn't look out of place in the Sunday-night slot on PBS.
...the most cinematic elements of the novel are the weakest parts of the movie.
Gently moving adaptation by Marc Forster takes off but never quite soars.
At times brutal, at times touching, the movie stands out as one of the better 'prestige' productions offered for cinematic consumption during the waning weeks of 2007.
It is a big, important work.
It's at times poetic, but ultimately the film is yet another draining examination of just how much the whole Afghanistan situation really sucks.
It's okay to be manipulated so long as you don't feel the strings being pulled. Here the tug is constant, and constantly distracting.
[A] pretty good adaptation of Khaled Hosseini's pretty good 2003 best-seller.
The pacing is lugubrious, the performances unremarkable, and the movie itself mostly disposable.
If nothing else, though, The Kite Runner does succeed in providing a vibrant window into a region of the world we might not have known and might have felt daunted to seek out.
The powerful themes of loyalty, shame, and redemption tend to be muted by the same glass-table treatment Forster brought to Finding Neverland.
Read the novel. Or better yet, go fly a kite!
Adapted for the screen with sensitivity by Benioff and Forster, drawing raw performances from the cast.
Exceptional and enthralling - with its universal themes of honor and redemption
The movie's heart is certainly in the right place -- it's a quietly outraged work -- but I wish there were more excitement in it from moment to moment.
Forster's solid, unpretentious movie hits its marks squarely, and isn't afraid to wear its heart on its sleeve.
Genuine if not exactly inspiring.
The Afghan boys' kite-flying contests are the emotional core of the film, and Forster and his crew bring the camera into the sky and make it dip and soar along with the kites.
Brings Khaled Hosseini's epic vision to gorgeous life [and] leaves an equally lasting impression on viewers as the novel did with readers.
Fights a losing battle to reconcile authenticity with performances that vary widely in quality.
Stories of unethical treatment of its child actors by the filmmakers has tarnished The Kite Runner as a film made of the same brand of hubris that its lead character carries for most of the story.
Although you'll likely see more artistically daring movies this fall, few will be as satisfying as The Kite Runner.
Fascinating character study and not about kids flying kites.
I won't deny that the film is sometimes rushed, oversimplified and skimpy on the details of Afghan culture that informed the book. But the tale still takes hold.
Well-intentioned but hardly convincing depiction of the haunting Afghanistan landscape.
The type of film one would expect from Marc Forster -- banal, trite and apt to ramrod simplistic symbolism down viewers' throats.
Forster transforms a presumably brutal and nuanced account of class difference and innocence lost into Disney-style kitsch.
Stellar acting by two youths makes believable the theme that you can go home again both geographically and morally.
Forster's mix of topicality and sensationalism makes The Kite Runner sentimental, not profound.
An absorbing generational story whose lack of a religious agenda in a Middle East context is a noteworthy commitment to the unburdened language of art.
The film retains the novel's universal elements, but some of the political specifics get lost in translation
... fails to rise above a Dickens-like tale of betrayal and redemption
The film feels totally convincing in all its technical aspects, including its use of Chinese locations to double for the story's Afghan setting.
Epic yet intimate, Forster's faithful rendition of the beloved novel is a touching morality tale of fathers and sons, friendship, betrayal and redemption; if the film becomes a conventional and sentimental fable, so does the book.
Nuanced perfs and standout production design convey story in cinematic terms, preserving the narrative's emotional power and historical sweep as it spans continents and decades.
How long has it been since you saw a movie that succeeds as pure story? That doesn't depend on stars, effects or genres, but simply fascinates you with how it will turn out?
The Kite Runner feels authentic in its ethnic tensions, even when the narrative itself, with its handily reappearing and easily avenged villain, undermines that authenticity.







@highlight

Despite some fine performances, The Kite Runner is just shy of rendering the magic of the novel on to the big screen.