Stop-Loss-the first feature directed by Kimberly Peirce since Boys Don't Cry (1999)-is the best of the bunch. It's aims to be a Coming Home for our time, and it's the first film about the Iraq war that attempts to be entertaining.
Mature, violent war drama tackles heavy issues.
Feverish yet bizarrely apolitical, the movie tries to have it both ways and fumbles its outraged and reconciliatory impulses equally
Peirce's sincerity and smarts cannot quite defuse the overall didactic nature of the piece.
Following the harrowing and superbly made opening sequences of hand to hand combat in Iraq, we can feel the frustrations and the anger through the film, and we sympathise. But the film has a confused message ...
Stop-Loss is a tough film to watch and one that raises issues of concern that travel far beyond the war-torn regions. But whether its message is accurately targeted is for the viewer to decide
...once it makes its point, it tends to pile on, never making an entirely convincing drama nor an entirely convincing argument.
The film gets pretty heavy handed in the last third and is weighed down by an inadequate performance.
The reason "Stop Loss" works, unlike its 2007 predecessors, is that it cares more about its characters than it does about making a political point.
[Peirce's] film looks at the fallout of war in lives lost and lives ruined, pain that has a trickle-up effect on our nation's image of itself.
It strokes every personal ideal, whatever it is, rather than aligning itself with its characters and letting the conclusions arise out of who they are.
Though it is very message oriented and a little sloppy at times, I found the subject to be really interesting and the opening war scene will blow you away.
The war in Iraq has itself become the realization of the shameful "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy (it's not just gays and lesbians that are being told to look the other way). Stop-Loss reveals just one ugly aspect of such insidiousness.
An honest vocalization of the inchoate discomfort so many Americans on either side of the political divide are feeling.
But whatever you think about the Iraq war and the people who are fighting in it, you'll be shaken up and moved by Stop-Loss.
Distancing Stop-Loss from other Iraq films by highlighting an American military tactic that has been little talked about, Peirce has crafted a credible but hardly outstanding effort that may disappoint those expecting another Boys Don't Cry.
Stop Loss takes some time out from the argument over the validity of the war to ask a question closer to home - whether the emotional battlefield America subjects its young soldiers to is actually worth it.
It's the film equivalent of a weary shrug - capturing the national mood at a moment when we'd all prefer some mood enhancers.
Strong performances from the young cast make a compelling case that the US govt is failing its soldiers, but the film's a little too much of a blunt instrument.
Kimberly Peirce's long-awaited follow-up to Boys Don't Cry is a thought-provoking, emotionally engaging drama that packs a surprisingly powerful punch.
Telling antiwar film as seen through the eyes of those patriotic volunteers who fought in Iraq and are now disillusioned.
A powerful film that doesn't pull punches, "Stop-Loss" is the first important film of 2008.
Peirce ... dramatizes the problems of the Iraqi War vet with more subtlety than we've seen from other filmmakers.
The Worst Years of Our Lives
A flawed movie, made with sympathy and integrity...
While the film is far from perfect, Stop-Loss is one of the better narrative features to be made about the Iraq War.
... if Pierce is going to create a character who has the deep desire ... to resist the military- then she owes it to Brandon to let him be true to himself.
Ranks with Full Metal Jacket and Saving Private Ryan as one of the best wartime dramas.
Contains a passionate desire to confront the injustices of the current political scene, something we could do with a lot more of.
A one sided look at the Iraq War and its affect on our soldiers
...road-picture inertia with flashes of overwrought melodrama.
Often plays like a softer version of The Deer Hunter.
[A] populist anti-war polemic.
The movie's ending will not satisfy everyone, but it does avoid typical Hollywood conventions. Whether it is the correct finale is something you will have to search your own heart to answer.
Stop-Loss misses emotional beats and hammers home its frustration; yet in a week where we've lost our 4,000th soldier, its impatience is a virtue.
Much of Stop-Loss' first act feels like the cast of Hee-Haw auditioning for a Best Years of Our Lives remake.
Stop-Loss is not a great movie, but it's forceful, effective, and alive, with the raw, mixed-up emotions produced by an endless war -- a time when the patriotism of military families is in danger of being exploited beyond endurance.
The power of Stop-Loss -- and this is no dumb joke -- is that it shows its hero between Iraq and a hard place.
[A] very worthy film.
[T]here's a serious movie struggling to emerge from behind all the chiseled features and overwrought dialogue.
Stop-Loss is an eye opening experience, with a look into the Iraq war and the consequences our troops our paying.
Stop-Loss isn't much as a narrative, but it does herald the return of a singular voice that's been silent for far too long.
Whether designed with a pacifist agenda or simply intended to make the case for a return of the draft, this compelling saga compassionately establishes that Iraq War veterans shouldn't have to be wounded physically to be considered damaged goods.
Despite flaws, it raises the question of conducting a long war with a politically necessitated all-volunteer force, something future leaders may look back on as a bitter lesson learned.
Problem is: 'Stop-Loss' isn't really about that legal loophole. Instead, it's about soldiers' post-traumatic stress, a subject covered far more effectively before.
It is an ambitious film, trying, as it does to tackle all the problems of war at once, but it is emotionally powerful nonetheless.
Whether you consider "Stop-Loss" to be pro- or anti-war, one thing is for sure: it's definitely pro-soldier.
Comprised of bitter, beautifully observed truths butting up uncomfortably against loads of hoary Hollywood hooey...the movie's real war is with itself.
A good movie for people who groan at the idea of watching a war movie. It's more entertaining and engrossing than its peers. But what's the message? Send more troops to Iraq? Send all the troops home from Iraq?
This movie could have addressed a real issue, but instead turns into Home of the Brave: Part II without 50 Cent.
Despite having appeared in Clint Eastwood's melodramatic World War II drama Flags of Our Fathers, (Ryan) Phillippe doesn't quite muster the leading-man depth to deliver the killer performance this haunting drama requires.
One of the few movies that understands the complexity of choosing military service and doesn't stereotype soldiers (as some movies have) as violence-prone brutes or flag-waving chumps.
In Stop-Loss filmmaker Kimberly Peirce once again excels at storytelling.
The film manages to walk a line that is not antiwar in the main, but is distinctly pro-soldier, and thus takes pains to speak to the plight of the American serviceperson.
Swamped by clichés, continuity problems, stock characters and very good intentions.
Stop-Loss can't quite decide whether to focus on making a powerful statement on a controversial and unfamiliar military policy or on a more predictable drama about the traumatic effect of war on young people's lives.
It's a richly textured, psychologically acute film that takes an unblinking look at the tattered life of the returning soldier, and it's boosted by two powerful performances from Phillippe and the increasingly impressive Tatum.
The movie is a gripping but very limited view of their lives.
As a nation, we owe them more than they owe us -- as this painfully necessary and heartfelt movie makes abundantly clear.
Graceful, intelligent and respectful of the complex feelings generated by war.
Though it's no Boys Don't Cry, there's something about Stop-Loss that haunts you: Peirce has an uncanny way of catching the fierce light in her actors' eyes.
Clearly, Peirce's motives are pure. She's not using the 'stop-loss' issue as a wedge to make the government or the administration look bad. She's using it to dramatize an injustice and to advocate on behalf of the soldiers.
The Holllywood-Goes-to-Iraq movie has turned into something of a box office ghetto, but Stop-Loss may be able to break out.
While it would be premature to decorate it as the Best Years of Our Lives or Coming Home of the Surge, Stop-Loss carries the emotional force and propulsive drama of the quintessential soldier's story.
Alternates moments of real power with confused and lifeless sequences.
There are good and confident choices here, particularly in the direction, and the way it integrates the soldiers' own war movies.
After five years of news footage and documentaries coming from the war in Iraq, Stop-Loss is as phony as a re-enactment with finger pup pets.
Viewers of any age are bound to be moved by [director Peirce's] primary theme: that there is no easy cure for these damaged young veterans, whether they return to war or fight their demons at home.
The story steers away from clichés and political polemics, maintaining a tone of unflinching emotional realism.
While its slick battlefield-and-barracks footage is YouTube- and cell phone video-contemporary, its dramatization of events feels well-worn.
Stop-Loss is a film that does it right.
This is an OK tale about guys who don't have that much going on in their civilian lives, but it's not the movie it ought to be.
Movies have rarely depicted brothers in arms with as much accuracy and compassion as Stop-Loss.
After 20 minutes, you're welded to the characters emotionally. Their loss is your loss.
It's more a sweaty assemblage of dramatic high-points than a coherent, persuasive story of wounded warriors trying to make it.
Writer/director Kimberly Peirce has clearly done her homework. What she hasn't done, at least not here, is develop any strong point of view about the war.
About as unpopular as the war in Iraq are movies about the war in Iraq, but no matter: Director Kimberly Peirce emerges victorious with a brave, probing look at the inner lives of soldiers.
There's a keen and ugly sense of anguish to Stop-Loss, a caged sense of powerlessness beyond political outrage that makes this film far and away the most effective effort yet at capturing the frustration of the war in Iraq.
Anchored by deft performances from a sturdy ensemble, Stop-Loss provides proof of Peirce's sensitivity with actors as well as her interest in stories of American folk who don't often get the close-ups they should.
Stop-Loss tries to be about so many things that it addresses none of them adequately.
Though its intentions are noble, it's hampered by a stock romantic subplot, a familiar structure, and a lack of symmetry.
[Director] Peirce wants to leave us with something heavy to ponder, but I'll be damned if I can figure out what that is.
Stop-Loss, a harrowing, emotional indictment of a war that has divided this country like no conflict since Vietnam, delves into what happens when the country doesn't do as well by its soldiers as they do by it.
Just like real life but not a damn thing like G.I. Joe.
Stop-Loss should have been a thought-provoking drama; instead, the crucial subject of PTSD is lost amidst melodrama and mediocrity.
...more of an artillery based Abercrombie and Fitch road trip than a concise character study.
An incredibly frustrating drama that starts off promisingly, featuring a talented ensemble, but devolves into too much repetitive rhetoric and a predictable non-conclusion.
Well-meaning attempt to call attention to the wildly unfair practice of sending troops back to war after their tour of duty is over is told with broad, obvious brushstrokes. Still, it's good that it was told at all.
In Rico especially, and in Brandon's confrontations with his own delusions, the movie focuses on the unhealthy rituals of manhood and male community encouraged by the military
If Gordon-Levitt (who's delivered stellar performances in Mysterious Skin and The Lookout) had been moved up from his supporting role to the lead, the film would improve considerably.
Rather than dwell with a bunch of debating politicians, Peirce explores the serious psychological issues that many soldiers have upon return from any war.
[I]t's pro-the-troops -- as if anyone could honestly be against the health and well-being of our troops -- but anti-the-bullsh*t that they're being put through...
Told entirely from the point of view of the servicemen, it avoids the pitfalls that less-subtle, sloganeering Iraq war movies like "Lions for Lambs" fell into last year.
The film teeters on the balance until arriving at its genuinely moving and depressingly honest final act.
If the details of the story are a tad melodramatic, the overall circumstances are all too painfully real.
The war isn't the issue here, the people are, and anyone who has been affected by this conflict can't help but be moved by the gross indignity of this horrific military policy.
"Stop-Loss" isn't so much a bad film as it is an annoyingly uneven one.
Loses sight of its most compelling story and gets weighed down by an anti-war theme, no matter how much you agree or disagree with that theme, and no matter how well the cast performs.
Stop-Loss' inability to find any coherent statement to make about what's happening to our soldiers is only a source of greater frustration.
occasionally seems like an MTV/Varsity Blues pop variation of In the Valley of Elah
Despite the sincerity of its aspirations, it's hampered by awkward construction...and Hollywood gloss that cannot come close to the real-life soldiers telling their stories.
Director Peirce appears to view both rah-rah patriotism and a keen sense of cynicism at the same time.
Sheds light on a shabby military policy that treats vets of the Iraq war disgracefully.
Stop-Loss features cartoonish lessons on disillusionment and irksome actors trying to blue-steel the crap out of each other.
While Stop-Loss is more ambitious and well-crafted than the paint-by-numbers Varsity Blues, these two coming-of-age stories still belong in a similar film category: melodrama
The Iraq war drama has its share of very effective, subtle moments but then follows them up with some crushingly heavy-handed commentary.
While there are good things about it, Stop-Loss is nothing spectacular.
..."Stop Loss" not only has something new to say, it is in many ways a smaller, modern day "Deer Hunter."
As in her superlative debut feature Boys Don't Cry, [director] Peirce explores politically incendiary subject matter with empathy, sensitivity, and a particularly sharp sense of place, in this case, a lovingly depicted Texas.
That Stop-Loss wears its generally good intentions on its camo sleeve doesn't keep it from being consigned to the missed-opportunity file.
In some ways, there is a grim, accidental timeliness in the release of Stop-Loss, which focuses on the ordeal of American soldiers in and out of combat.
Acted with aplomb and occasionally compelling, Stop-Loss nevertheless fails to impress.
Plays like a homage to '70s and '80s-era Vietnam films, which only underlines how depressing it is that the same kind of human tragedy is still being explored today.
It's a remarkably entertaining movie, thanks in part to a first-rate cast and a director who knows you can't make a point without calling everyone to attention.
Peirce's obvious respect for the returned soldiers should prevent Stop-Loss from being dismissed as a Hollywood anti-war screed. It's more accurately described as an anti-war movie with a resolutely pro-troop message.
It's one long, angry howl with nary a pause for breath.
Someone watching Stop-Loss with younger eyes might feel the heat of the main soldier's dilemma more than I did, but I couldn't help thinking director Kimberly Peirce was presenting us with abstract ideas in the forms of half-realized characters.
Stop-loss is a policy dripping with controversy that deserves a complete examination, but Stop-Loss just provides a one-sided account covered with an MTV-style coating.
Stop-Loss builds a cumulative power and sense of urgency that can't be denied.
Peirce (with co-writer Mark Richard) also vacillates between earnestness and superficiality, making Stop-Loss too often feel like eye candy with a message.
Sincere without being especially memorable.
Makes you see the humanity and vulnerability of quick-fisted, gun-loving, jingoistic guys[...]a testament to the filmmakers' own expansive sense of humanity.
Adds to the ranks of films on the Iraq war that very few people will volunteer to see, not merely because the topic is difficult but because...it's so terribly uneven.
Stop-Loss goes in too many directions at once, and most of those directions are predictable.
If the war effort is bent on alienating the core of troop morale while frightening potential recruits from joining up, mission accomplished.
Strangely, it has come out at once too soon and - for those who have already been stop-lossed - too late.
While Phillippe does a creditable job and Cornish is suitably torn by her divided loyalties to two men, Tatum and especially Gordon-Levitt are utterly wasted, used like extras when either of their stories seems interesting enough for a film of its own.
Despite structural deficiencies, 'Stop-Loss' is a riveting assault on the Pentagon's abuse of power during the Iraq war.
Strewn story parts pile up in Stop-Loss, a painfully polite Iraq war drama pitched at the MTV generation.
Brilliantly observed and vividly shot, built on a career-making performance by Ryan Phillippe, its an Iraq War movie for Americans whove been avoiding Iraq movies, even the good ones such as In the Valley of Elah.
Being better than In the Valley of Elah's lazy view of returning vets as damaged and mentally depraved isn't good enough.
Stop-Loss has painted itself into a dramatic corner, which might be the most honest expression of the filmmaker's empathy for the men and women serving in Iraq.
A protest movie about the war that -- follow me closely here -- doesn't actually protest the war.
Stop-Loss is far less about the Iraq War than a study of the soldiers and what makes them tick. Through her superlative script, Kimberly Peirce captures the heart of what makes soldiers do what they do even in light of the story's betrayal.
deserves praise for dealing honestly with a thorny issue where most other filmmakers would simply resort to propaganda.
Might never be viewed as light entertainment, but the strong performances and ideas make it a satisfying film, one that you can ponder and discuss, as well as a powerful tribute to our troops.
Boys Don't Cry director Kimberly Pearce attempts to anchor the Iraq War debate in the lives of a specific subset of soldiers and nearly pulls it off. But her promising premise runs into a rut of incompatible accents and melodramatic excess.
Maddening, upsetting, and articulate, it's a film that dares to address a malicious tentacle of Government expediency connected to a much larger monster.
Even when the script slips into sentiment, [director] Peirce sticks with her troubled, questing soldiers, and through this raw and riveting movie, they stick with us.
A wildly uneven drama, by turns sincere and synthetic.
Stop Loss was just a big hot mess of a film, that I'm sure will sell well with teenage girls.
Sharply uneven, Peirce's film is structurally flawed in the first reels, but it improves considerably in the second half, which documents the dramatic effects of a controversial, little known government policy on a cligue of friends.

@highlight

Stop-Loss is sincere and complex, and features strong performances, even if it tries to cover too much ground.