Very well directed, nothing unseemly, Just My Luck is a film moms can take their daughters to. They'll both love it. And... it's dry.
even if it offers Lohan her first role as a grown-up, places her in a corporate New York, and contrives a scene in which she gets to wear a dress owned by Sarah Jessica Parker, the sex in this city never seems to get beyond first base.
The film can barely breathe beneath the non-stop barrage of low-comedy shtick.
One day Lohan will make movies for grown-ups, but this movie certainly isn't one of them.
Is this movie actively hoping people will hate it for being so stupid?
OMG! It's The Passion of the Lohan!
Entretenida parábola de que la vida puede ser tan blanca o negra como nosotros mismos queramos hacerla. Si no se ve con esta idea en mente, mejor evítela.
It's very difficult not to get on board with this quirky comedy.
The real rot is in the script.
Make your own luck and skip this twaddle.
Despite the Manhattan dating scene stuff, the PG certificate means there's not much sex in this city, but more than enough raunchy undertones to keep teenage girls happy.
Occasional funny moments but this is very very thin.
Fans of Lindsay Lohan's previous films will be pleased to learn that she's lost none of her comic timing and self-deprecating charm - she's extremely appealing here, even if she does need to rediscover the joys of food.
Yet another trite, gimmicky rom-com.
A totally predictable and competently made feelgood fantasy flick for females under 30. If you want an escape and rest your brain, try your luck
Conta com a distinção de ter sido produzido por ninguém menos do que Bruce Willis, o que me leva a crer que ele tenha batido a cabeça durante as filmagens de Sin City.
No amount of rabbit foot rubbing, four-leaf clovers or upturned horseshoes can save this often excruciating mess.
Just My Luck takes an intriguing idea and goes nowhere with it.
... a variation on Freaky Friday buffed with a bit of 13 Going on 30's yuppie-career-princess gloss.
When I sat down to watch Donald Petrie's "Just My Luck," I was in the mood for a light comedy that would add sunshine to my lousy day. Instead, I was subjected to such mindless fluff that my mood just got worse.
[The scripters] apparently thought they were penning a romantic comedy when they were actually writing an ode to materialism.
An amazingly unfunny 'comedy' vehicle for Lindsay Lohan to do her Freaky Friday thing again.
The shallowness of female pop culture that Holofcener courageously tears down is just the thing Just My Luck successfully re-perpetuate.
Lohan can be good in characters endowed with a glimmer of intelligence. But too often she shoehorns herself into vehicles operating under the fallacy that stupidity is cute.
Take Just My Luck for what it is -- a moderately successful attempt to move Lohan away from teenage roles and into an adult one.
A lazy spitballing session of karmic humor, hinged on the sort of generic rom-com contrivances that keep movies like these from ending at a reasonable time.
... a real piece of junk.
Just My Luck is the cinematic equivalent of stepping on a crack and breaking your mama's back.
t's not like Lindsay Lohan is down on her luck. But she'd be more fortunate -- at least if she wants to be considered as a serious actress -- if she'd appear in movies of a higher quality than "Just My Luck," a by-the-numbers teen-type romantic comedy.
Slight, pointless and convincingly witless. Lohan's cinematic Luck runs out instantaneously...[this] convoluted comical piece is as lucky as a mutilated 2-leaf clover
Lindsay Lohan's a loser this time round with this forgettable, featherweight, cliche-filled contrivance.
Just My Luck is the kind of film that's too romantic for younger viewers and too redundant for young teens.
"I'm like the rest of the rabbit after they cut off the lucky foot," moans Ashley (Lindsay Lohan). Poor girl: her sense of self wasn't always so dire.
just another reason for moviegoers to (perhaps unfairly) deride Lindsay Lohan
It's safe, competent and bland.
From my perspective, it's watchable, but barely, and nothing I would go out of my way to locate, even if going 'out of my way' represents using a remote control to change TV channels.
Filmmakers were lucky to pick the perfect co-stars for 'Just My Luck.'
Lindsay Lohan will draw the femme fan crowd that, in turn, will bring their boyfriends. Don't worry guys, it's not just another teen chick flick.
The stars work overtime but it's all for naught, the movie as completely forgettable as the lackluster trailers have hinted for months.
Director Donald Petrie's niche seems to be lighthearted, instantly forgettable romantic fantasies like Miss Congeniality and How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days, and this sweet-natured bit of fluff fits right in.
Word on the street -- we're not sure which street -- has it that Just My Luck is Lindsay Lohan's final teen comedy. If so, the timing couldn't be better.
If Just My Luck was intended to showcase a more grown-up Lohan (she'll soon be 20), it fails -- but it gives hints of the fine screwball comedian she's already becoming.
Lohan shows signs that she might really be an actress. Maybe a good one. But to say the least, Just My Luck is not a flattering showcase.
Judging by her first grown-up romantic comedy, Lindsay Lohan won't usurp Julia Roberts or Reese Witherspoon's place in Hollywood any time soon. Just My Luck is just OK, when it isn't labored.
Lohan has expressed the hope that Just My Luck will display her aptitude for adult roles. But the adolescent energy and all-round over-acting belie that hope.
To call it fluff is being charitable. It's cotton candy: overly sweet and full of empty calories, except instead of causing tooth decay, it rots the brain.
I liked the film's idea that luck is like love -- something that diminishes when you hoard it and multiplies when you share it.
A romantic gimmick comedy that stands out as hackneyed even in this tired genre.
Just My Luck runs out of luck long before it runs out of film.
Lindsay Lohan may be all grown up in the tabloids, but her latest movie doesn't reflect any newfound maturity.
An appallingly unfunny and unromantic romantic comedy starring tabloid bait Lindsay Lohan.
The new Lindsay Lohan romantic comedy, Just My Luck, needs more than just luck to overcome an achingly stupid script. It needs a miracle.
It turns out Lohan isn't the one with the bad luck; the audience is.
A romantic comedy even more idiotic than its embarrassing (and somewhat creepy) poster would indicate.
Good as Lohan is, she's better with interesting material.
Lindsay Lohan's new romantic comedy, Just My Luck, is strictly for tweens.
Just My Luck is a cute idea with nowhere to go after the first hour.
Just My Luck is a vehicle for Lohan, and not much more.
Just my luck that the movie is directed by Donald Petrie, who made the a similar Manhattan-set How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, though this time it's vaguely crossed with the magic plot of 13 Going on 30.
In the end, Just My Luck is light, fluffy and as quickly forgettable as a tossed-aside horoscope.
The screenplay for Just My Luck is credited to five writers, all of whom relied on their DVD collections for inspiration.
With any luck, Just My Luck will disappear quickly, before it can do any real damage to Lindsay Lohan's movie career.
The movie tries to adopt a breezy attitude toward life in New York. But you have to be in a bubble-gum frame of mind to buy into anything that's being sold here.
Just My Luck is a safe teen movie that teens will actually like, and there are far worse things than that.
You'd think a movie set in New York could at least boast some grit and panache, but Just My Luck is over-sanitized and cutesy. There's nothing serendipitous about this inauspicious concoction.
Why [Lindsay Lohan] agreed to front a movie tailor-made for Hilary Duff or the Olsens is a mystery.
A flat, lackadaisical take on the supernatural love-story formula, lacking the storytelling magic or the intense romantic chemistry that might have helped it take flight.
sheer bubblegummy fantasy, designed to appeal to young women who daydream about starring in their own versions of 'Sex and the City.' ...It's also the sort of film that Lohan has now outgrown.
Does anyone really consider the result of running water on a crackling blow-dryer to be 'bad luck'?
Wanna get Lucky? Pick a different movie.
It's difficult to say whether [Lohan's character] is more grating when she's cursed and whiny or when she's blessed and oblivious.
The definition of dumb Luck has been captured on celluloid.
A big step backwards for Lohan.
Everything that might have made it a quality romantic comedy has been tainted by ridiculous teen marketing.
Great premise: luck as an STD.
Just look at little Lindsay Lohan, all grows up, doing romantic comedy like a big girl. It's just a shame Just My Luck is just too inane for words.
As much as I wanted to hate this movie, I have to admit it had quite a bit of charm.
... this movie takes place in a bizarro world Manhattan where logic is irrelevant and real human behavior takes a back seat to shtick.
Lohan reads more like oak than Marilyn Monroe on her most inebriated day.
I can't think of a movie that matters less than Just My Luck. It's just negligible.
Takes the vaguely supernatural conceit of films like Intacto and The Cooler and drains it of all fascination, putting it in service of one of the more dim-witted romantic comedies I've had to sit through in recent months.
Every single scene is an abominable assemblage of mind-boggling stupidity, completely unmotivated behavior, and unfunny slapstick.
Lohan doesn't have the spark or charm she or the casting director thinks she might.
I have no problem with Lohan desiring to be Lucy, but she's got to find a better director than the torturous Donald Petrie to help get her to that level.
Could have been the Final Destination of comedies...Instead, they settle for generic slapstick.
Why does the new Lindsay Lohan picture have such a poo fixation?....Could it be that director Donald Petrie is Freudian slipping on his s**tty material?
A romantic comedy neither romantic nor particularly funny.
...never quite recovers from the way Lohan bops around with an air of celebrity entitlement.
Just My Luck is a fortune cookie of a movie, without the fortune: The outside looks sweet and tasty, the inside is hollow and dry.
Just My Luck is a deserted wasteland when it comes to funny. It's also boring, plain and simple.
The assumption must be that those who see this PG-13 movie have been raised on a diet of bathroom-humor comedies and are not quite ready to let that go.
Just My Luck is a bit of lukewarm cappuccino froth confected to float Lindsay Lohan to the next stage of her career.
Just My Luck offers up few laughs and even fewer surprises.
As disposable as a broken mirror, Just My Luck plays like a focus-group compilation of everything a 12-year-old girl could want in a Lindsay Lohan movie.
Lindsay Lohan and Chris Pine make a charming star-crossed couple, and tweens and teens will find enough plot reversals to keep them hooked.
Throw in a hot new British bubblegum band, McFly, a bit of magic, romance, humor and a happy ending, and you've got a good, old-fashioned escapist popcorn flick.
Looking tired and sallow and drained of her customary glow, Lindsay Lohan marches grimly through this mechanical tween comedy as if it were a particularly tedious homework assignment.
Lindsay Lohan plays a parody of the once promising Lindsay Lohan.
Just My Luck is an old-fashioned comedy about two nice people who would fall in love if they could just get in synch.
Both a goofy little sugar-high of a comedy and a canny bit of image rehabilitation for the tabloid-tarnished starlet.
It's a thin premise stretched paper thin into a feature-length romantic comedy.
A dispiriting piece of consumerist comedy in which it's not the jokes that are priceless, but having the right credit card, the right outfit and the right boyfriend. It's a lose-lose.
Her every faux pas comes across as rank humiliation and it can only be entertaining for sadistic mall rats who get their jollies seeing Miss Budding Superstar wallow in grime and slip on soap.
Presumably, this movie was designed to be a fun romp, and in that it fails.
Just My Luck is the worst kind of comedy -- one that assumes the audience can't think for itself, and therefore feels the need to punctuate each sight gag with obnoxiously jaunty music.
You're breaking my heart, Lindsay!
Features Li.Lo doing what Li.Lo does best: Pretending to be one kind of person (lucky/unpopular/a teenager/one twin/not a race car driver) and then pretending to be the exact opposite (unlucky/popular/a mom/the other twin/a race car driver).





@highlight

Just My Luck is a screwball rom-com that fails to take advantage of Lindsay Lohan's considerable charm. The film (along with Robert Altman's A Prairie Home Companion ) marks the end of Lohan's teen queen phase as she begins playing characters that are older, but not necessarily wiser. Lohan's character is supposedly cursed with bad luck, though the movie confuses misfortune with plain stupidity, leading Lohan into a long series of silly and senseless physical gags.