A refreshingly arch sense of humor coupled with some non-standardization, genre-wise, elevate this gloppy creature feature.
A satisfying roll in the horror sack, and I flipped for it...
amidst all the gleeful profanity, gross character stereotyping, outrageous interspecies rape and gory grotesquery, an apparent lack of originality is the one thing that should not cause undue offence here.
Feast is too knowing and in its own way, too high profile to be born as cult cinema. But it's a reasonable facsimile and as such deserves a look from the genre connoisseur.
The uncut version is a rip-roaring, blood-spattered blast of high-octane entertainment that is thoroughly enjoyable, exuberant fun.
A slight, forgettable film, not without energy or humor, with an inexhaustible taste for sending up B-movie trash.
Feast does a good job of sending up the genre while maintaining its horror cred.
That Feast can so carefully balance well-played horror and comedy throughout its entire running time is a sure indicator that it is bound to become a cult classic.
...more exhausting than frightening or funny, it is more likely to induce earache than laughs or shivers.
It works as a funny and slicker-than-expected parody of the genre.
The sepia-toned freeze frames that introduce each character with their names, occupations and life expectancy are a lot of fun, but ultimately the action is cut too fast and too close to be able to tell what's going on.
The first two "Project Greenlight" films got only brief local runs. Feast isn't likely to do much better.
Feast suffers from spastic camera syndrome, along with a debilitating bout of hyper-editing disorder.
It hits hard and fast, letting up only to inject some black humor and amp up the tension again before coming back for more.
By any objective standard, Feast isn't a good movie, but by those of its low-rent genre it's kind of fun.
What has ended up on screen is a pretty good horror flick that is marred only by obvious budgetary restraints
When monsters attack, the camera gets all jerky, creating the horror effect known as motion sickness.
Who knows what might have happened if he had the time and the leverage to smooth out the rough edges, but material this junky can only be salvaged for so much scrap.
Repetitive and edited in a stuttering, lightning-fast style that makes it impossible to see who or what is doing what to what or whom, John Gulager's directing debut is horror at its most reductive and least resonant.
While the reality television series that chronicled the making of this low-budget horror film last year was extremely entertaining, the piece of cinema that resulted is kind of a bore.
Although Feast will never be mistaken for a masterpiece of the horror genre, on its own 'grindhouse cinema' terms, it mostly delivers the gory goods.
[Director John Gulager] shows a little flair for the genre, though the editing is so frenetic you really can't see what's going on (a blessing, considering how cheesy the monsters look and move).
This no-budget Project Greenlight production (the third and last) is a fountain of wit as well as gore.
The action is manic, the monsters are ghastly and the situations, dialog and casting are on-purpose laughable.
The movie happens to be terrific.
Gulager and screenwriters Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton have come up with some wittily nasty moments.
Cheap-looking, gore-drenched and so postmodern and self-consciously above it all that it's hard to care about anyone's fate, Feast is sort of a mean-spirited variation on the vastly superior Tremors.
It's not the lack of originality that sinks the film, however. It's the rank amateurishness of the story construction and performances.
Should you see the two midnight screenings before it comes out on DVD? Of course!
Fast, cheap and out-of-control - and those are its good qualities.
It's not good, not be a long shot, but it certainly isn't so awful its studio should be treating it like a disease-ridden humming bird only good for a few shots of pellet gun target practice.
Everything that's supposed to happen in this formula doesn't, even when they promise it will. Feast does all the things other movies are afraid to, even Scream.
Anyone who has ever followed the Project Greenlight television show probably will agree that... the movies all suck... Feast does not turn this around.
This is 88 minutes of pure snark-fueled adrenaline rush, a nonstop disgusting grossout of meaty, liquid carnality that is both hilarious and uncomfortable...
proceeds to happily shred many of the pages in the monster-movie operation manual as it kills off a few people you might have thought would be potential heroes and permits other less-likable folks to stick around.
Feast is a genuinely fun splatter movie that almost never lets up and definitely never takes itself too seriously, going into Evil Dead territory.
And the 3rd season of Project Greenlight proves the charm with the slick, sick but funny bit of Grand Guignol directed by Hollywood son John Gulager.
Take Dead Alive, Evil Dead and From Dusk Till Dawn, toss 'em in a blender and hit 'mutilate'.
disgustingly fun
FEAST is no classic, but it's a fun night out.
With some amusing performances (Jason Mewes and Henry Rollins, in particular) and an appealingly random sense of humor, Feast hits more often than it misses.
John Gulager delivers with a horror-comedy reminiscent of the debuts by Sam Raimi and Peter Jackson.
The word 'unwatchable' is overused when it comes to bad movies, but this is a case when its employment does not represent hyperbole.
[Injects] an unusual ferocity into the moments of random bloodshed, but fails to do much with the long, arid stretches between beheadings and eyeball pluckings.
Basically throwing together familiar horror ideas without focusing on any in particular, Feast hopes its wild tone will compensate for the lack of distinctive characters or ideas.
Feast isn't quite demented enough to reach Raimi-an heights, but Gulager uses parts of the monster-movie buffalo even the buffalo didn't know existed.
Rather than catching Feast during its limited midnight-movie theatrical release, one can enjoy comparable B-movie goofiness via any Saturday-night Sci-Fi Channel offering.
Gulager and team have piled on the bloodletting to dam-breaking effect ogling that line between extreme horror & giddy glee that masters Sam Raimi & Peter Jackson perfected.





@highlight

Director Gulager makes the most of what he's given; the resulting Feast offers up some surprisingly tasty -- if far from nourishing -- morsels.