Sadly, a smattering of heart-warming moments fails to redeem what is ultimately a disastrous offside shot at a rom-com.
Someone maybe should've told this guy if you want to rekindle a romance with a woman, you probably shouldn't start by sleeping with all her friends.
a celluloid own goal.
No matter what kind of drab, derivative fluff you prefer, this exceptionally toothless comedy has something to offer.
All the characters and their motivations are banal at best and half drawn at worst, leading to the question: why didn't this end up on The Hallmark Channel starring TV's hot-tail of the moment?
... a half-hearted comedy about the perils of former professional athletes that unsuccessfully tries to force together elements of domestic melodrama and romantic farce.
An own-goal shambles of bland characterization, comic shtick, exes-still-in-love clichés and lazy implausibilities, Playing For Keeps plays down to the ugliest American stereotype of soccer-dull to the point of brain-death.
Did Gerard really leave the UK and a guaranteed pundit spot on Match of the Day for an automatous son and callous wife? Playing for Keeps asks difficult questions like these but provides no satisfying answers.
If this was a biscuit, it would be an own-label digestive, full of sugar and trans fats - but suited and booted in a glistening wrapper.
The comedy has its moments but they are few, and a high-powered cast, which also includes Judy Greer and Dennis Quaid, give mostly low-powered performances.
Even the usually reliable Dennis Quaid flounders as a fellow parent in a film that is at least slickly put together but is ultimately a sheer waste of talent.
In the long, ignoble tradition of naff romcoms starring Butler, this stands alongside The Ugly Truth and The Bounty Hunter as the worst of its kind.
Sadly wastes its star-studded cast and has very little to offer in the way of laughs and touching moments.
Even an actor as capable as Dennis Quaid is incapable of wading in to save it.
Everyone involved deserves a script with more wit, originality and sense of purpose.
Hitting our screens on New Year's Day, let's cross our fingers and hope that Playing for Keeps isn't an indication as to how the rest of 2013 will be for cinema. Best to get it out of the way early, I suppose!
Not quite as bad as it sounds, despite the corny game plan.
Rigidly formulaic and shamelessly sentimental.
Dennis Quaid hammers away at a nothing role as Thurman's husband, an adulterous alpha dog; it's nearly identical to the one he played earlier this year in What to Expect When You're Expecting, but who's counting?
A father-son heart-tugger wrapped around a mushy reconciliation rom-com sprinkled with tinsel of shiny Hollywood supporting stars acting like they're in another movie entirely.
Garbage.
Fox hasn't penned a script since 1993's So I Married an Axe Murderer, and he apparently hasn't left his home, either ...
Another "almost there" film for Gerard Butler. Amazing that he is still coasting on his "300" fame.
These are actors due a break. Unfortunately, this comedy-drama about a kids' soccer coach boinking a bunch of desperate housewives doesn't appear to be it.
A star-studded cast and a good concept add up to less than nothing in Playing for Keeps, an attempt at a warm, family romantic comedy that, like the main character, succumbs to its vices.
There's a lot of poorly-conceived plot crammed into this film, and it never actually decides what it wants to be, emerging as a disjointed story suffering from severe ADHD.
Unfortunately for Butler it is another romantic comedy that misses the mark and does not score.
a slow drip of a movie that refuses to make up its mind about what it wants to be as it circles the drain
What could have been a more complicated and contemporary suburban spin on Alfie feels like a lazy and anonymous daydream postcard of discord and resolution.
Director Gabriele Muccino can't decide whether Robbie Fox's script should be played as sex farce or heart-tugging romance - and splitting the difference is a loser both ways.
George is desperate, a point hammered home when, as he's recording a sportscasting demo, his concentration is broken by a phone call from a debt collector.
Like undercooked leftovers, it makes you wish they had spent a little more time getting some heat into it.
It won't be up for any Oscars, nor will it score points for originality, but it's harmless enough fare for its target audience.
Playing For Keeps unfolds like a metaphorical deconstruction of his charms: a meandering, formulaic look at a former sports star confronted by an uncertain future as he continues to exploit the superficial things the world still seems to want from him.
Smarmy. Dopey. Sloppy. Lazy. Creepy. Tone-deaf. Predictable. Embarrassing. Lousy.
It could be just the kind of pleasant surprise that leaves your inner cynic at a momentary loss for words.
I'll long be haunted by Dennis Quaid's manic performance as a palm-greasing dad who seems to be under the influence of bath salts ...
Another day at the Romantic Comedy Factory: '...Pull me down a Gerard Butler and a Jessica Biel, will ya?'
Ho-hum sports romcom lacks both laughs and chemistry.
Playing for Keeps takes place in a tonally incoherent universe, constantly shifting between rom-com farce and mawkish family drama.
As the old saying goes, 'Well, that's two hours of my life I'll never get back.' Time is precious. Don't waste yours on a film like this. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
At this point, I'm positive Gerard Butler selects his scripts by blindfolded dart throw.
At least 'Playing for Keeps' does a service for the late Rodney Dangerfield. His 'Ladybugs' is no longer the worst movie about a youth soccer coach.
Soccer moms will find eye candy Gerard Butler good to look at if they can stay awake through his movie.
The only thing Playing for Keeps teaches us is: Guys, forget the bars and nightclubs. Soccer moms are where the action is.
Bland romantic comedy is the cinematic equivalent of processed food.
A film that's pretty much from the assembly line.
Another exercise in here's-the-woman-you-belong-with-and-we'll-just-delay-the-inevitable-for-90-minutes-before-you-stop-her-from-getting-on-that-plane.
An undistinguished, impact-free watch-checker that will soon be vaguely distracting transatlantic travelers who forgot to carry on their iPads.
Butler beware: In acting as in soccer, if you keep taking dives, sooner or later you pay the penalty.
It appears to be an empty-headed piffle of a film about a dashing former professional soccer star coaching his son's team and having affairs with an assortment of randy soccer moms. And that's precisely what it is.
One of those movies that comes "straight from the heart" - the heart of the hack screenwriter's manual that pushes formulaic structure to cover up a lack of compelling characters, genuine emotion or actual humor.
About the best thing to be said for this movie...is that it doesn't costar Katherine Heigl.
This is simply a groan-inducing comedy of errors about an accidental lothario mixed with a transparently predictable look at an irresponsible man forced to become [better].
There's absolutely no reason to waste time playing around with Playing for Keeps.
For a trifle - one that probably looked like one on the printed page, too - "Playing for Keeps" somehow attracted a strong cast.
As boldly original as its title, "Playing For Keeps" is an unconscionable waste of time and talent--the kind of film seemingly designed to appear on a cable channel that you just had deleted from your package.
An acceptable but very slim romantic comedy.
How can you stick Gerard Butler, Jessica Biel, Uma Thurman, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Dennis Quaid and Judy Greer in a comedy and come up so empty?
At some point you hope [Butler] will find a movie that will give him the right material to make hearts truly beat faster.
If Gerard Butler exudes rakish charm and Jessica Biel a charming flintiness, then why is Playing for Keeps so utterly charmless?
"Playing for Keeps" plods along pretty much as you'd expect. Its small pleasures come from the relaxed cast.
None of it is especially credible or engaging.
A bedroom farce without the farce, a fish-out-of-water comedy on sun-cracked lake-bed, a story of fatherly redemption that barely gets past the hair-mussing stage.
This is modern movie stardom, and it's depressing: the romantic lead who could also be selling us body spray.
Playing for Keeps doesn't play with a full deck.
Awkwardly blends family comedy and sex farce and winds up with squat.
Is it a heartwarming romantic drama? Or a cynical sex and sports comedy? There is no wrong answer, dear ticket buyer.
Playing for Keeps is a throwaway movie if ever there was one.
This rock-stupid combination of family schmaltz and horny-MILF male fantasy does this charismatic leading man (and everyone else involved) no favors.
"Playing for Keeps" is a perfectly pleasant romantic comedy completely lacking in novelty. This will leave many viewers unengaged, but may not be a disadvantage for its core audience.
Perhaps, if this movie fails, studios will finally accept that we all deserve better.
It's comforting to know that American culture has progressed to where soccer routinely joins baseball, football and basketball as a backdrop for forgettable romantic comedies.
Playing For Keeps isn't that bad; Muccino simply doesn't know how to fix the script or manage his actors, and the whole thing just sort of sputters out.
[Playing for Keeps is] a mushy-headed vehicle for what are supposed to be a lot of high-voltage star turns. Nothing much makes sense, but look at all the celebrities. This would be better if they had anything interesting, or appropriate, to do.
It is perplexing as to how such an unambitious, paint-by-numbers work got made.
Not only is it not funny and not particularly romantic, it treats women like idiots.
Contrived and phony from beginning to end, "Playing for Keeps" never does make sense of its characters, who flip and flop from scene to scene.
Half the actors realize they're in a bit of Hollywood fluff, but others deliver emotional performances worthy of a serious drama. As for Butler, well, it's hard to say exactly what he's doing.
A sloppy, poorly focused comedy that wants to be about the relationship between a father and his 9-year old son but ends up being about nearly everything else.
'Playing for Keeps' wants to run and kick feel-good moments through the goalposts, but it limps and wheezes from the opening faceoff until its final whistle, with a lot of effort expended to earn, and make, very few points.
Wasting the talents of seveal charming actresses, this misogynistic romantic ccomedy is one of the silliest films of the year.
Gerard Butler, what went wrong?
It is truly baffling that all the talented, acclaimed actors involved actually read this script and then agreed to devote their time to this movie, especially given its uncomfortably flagrant misogynistic streak.
Attractive actors can't redeem a sodden script.
A modestly affecting reconciliation drama wrapped in a so-so sports movie by way of a misogynistic romantic comedy, Playing for Keeps can't stop tripping all over itself.
Gabriele Muccino's film is knee-deep in "don't hate the player, hate the game" territory.

@highlight

Witless, unfocused, and arguably misogynistic, Playing for Keeps is a dispiriting, lowest-common-denominator Hollywood rom-com.