Will Ferrell is superb as Ron Burgundy, an egocentric legend of TV's nightly news who could only have existed in the 1970s.
The uneven comedy is sometimes amusing but too often it's a bad joke prolonged.
Incredibly silly yet often hilarious...
[A] very funny, silly, and well acted comedy that must be watched for the great laugh out loud performances, and gut busting gags.
Silly comedy that's definitely not for kids
It's nearly perfect.
By no means ... a great movie. But I not only understand why some people love it, I think I'm even beginning to love it a little myself.
Laughs galore follow the well-paced humor as cameo performances by Jack Black, Tim Robbins, and Luke Wilson spice up the buffoonery ingeniously smacked at by the rest of movie's talented ensemble.
Relentlessly silly but not quite funny parody of 70s network news never quite lives up to its promise.
Some of the material works, some doesn't.
This goofy, energetic comedy flattens out at times but milks its 1970s setting and characters for numerous huge laughs.
will ferell makes it big
...like a 'Saturday Night Live' skit that got out of hand, a good idea that kept going and going but never quite jelled into a story.
A crude, funny satire that tackles local television anchors and their newscasts. Those are easy targets to skewer, but the movie mines more truth from its subject than some in the biz will want to admit.
Some of Anchorman is the kind of giddy, nonsensical stuff that can only emerge from a genuinely deranged comic brain.
Ostensibly modeled on the egomaniacal Ted Baxter of the old Mary Tyler Moore TV series, this adventure's protagonist is less comical, less endearing, and generally grates on the nerves.
Takes a joke and runs with it -- sometimes too far, but usually long enough to wear you down and force you to submit to its craziness.
Word is Ferrell got the idea for the film one night while watching a documentary on the male dominated world of 70s television news. His fans should thank their lucky stars the comedian happened to catch it.
There hasn't been a movie this silly or funny since Austin Powers.
...somehow Will Farrell manages to hold the whole mess together.
Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy shows that the past has bright future in Hollywood comedies.
Ferrell's manic energy takes it beyond parody and into a brilliant dance of buffoonery.
So funny that you won't care that it has no real plot but boasts more bad wigs than The Lord of the Rings...
Fans of the Todd Phillips school of comedy are going to be divided on this one -- there's real potential here and a great premise but had it been a little cleverer it could've been so much more.
Overall, I put Anchorman on about the same level as Dodgeball. Both movies are pretty stupid and don't generate as many laughs as you wish they would.
Nothing in Anchorman will be mistaken for the work of Preston Sturges, but the occasional chuckle and even a loud guffaw is unavoidable.
Misses a golden opportunity by crossing the line that separates parody from stupidity.
A straight shot of that good stuff.
If we want to judge Anchorman by its own standards, we can observe that nothing in the movie lives up to, say, Toonces the driving cat.
Avoid Anchorman like the plague, you'll thank me later.
Ferrell wrenches every drop of ingenuity from a lackluster screenplay and amplifies it through his face, his voice, his gut - even his underwear.
Certainly the silliest comedy of the year, but mainly in a good way.
Doesn't quite live up to the promise of its admittedly funny trailer, though it does have several good laugh-out-loud gags.
This is ideal Friday night fodder if you're in the right mood.
Generally, the film makes good on its humorous potential.
The period vibe is basically the whole point to this charming and often very funny film.
The good news is - the film is fresh, imaginative and full of laughs.
balances its social satire with some outlandish visual gags and moments of surreal hilarity
Ferrell is at the top of his game, giving us a character who is utterly shallow, silly, and vainglorious, yet completely likable.
If you don't like Will Ferrell, I don't understand you. I mean, this movie might just change your mind.
Rent it if you must, but don't say I didn't warn you.
Surprise surprise, the movie outplays its trailer. Picks up big well-deserved laughs in between ever decreasing non-funny moments.
All those comedy smarts boils down to one indisputable fact: Anchorman is the single funniest thing Will Ferrell has done yet.
Anchorman has a good-natured attitude to go along with its hit-or-miss jokes, and Ferrell's willingness to humiliate himself for a laugh should count for something.
Resembling Bill Murray's early career, Ron Burgundy is a Peter Venkman/Carl Spackler type performance which will be remember fondly during Will Ferrell's 2020 Oscar run.
Half of Anchorman had me laughing on cue; the other half made me want to switch channels.
Aimed squarely at the open-mouth-breathers who turned Dumb and Dumber and Big Daddy into hits.
Generally funny, but for the first half hour it's hilarious.
But it isn't, and instead all we get is a tiredly over-the-top, overly improvised farce that relies more on the popularity of its star than it does on little things like character, story or continuity.
Ferrell's written himself a perfect vehicle for his shameless overacting.
To praise Anchorman for perceptive social commentary would be giving the movie more credit than it deserves, but it isn't just pratfalls and sexual humour.
A strange, funny movie about a strange, funny guy.
O diretor já revelou que um segundo filme, produzido apenas com as cenas deletadas deste, será incluído no DVD. Será que a pré-venda já começou?
The period detail is hilarious, abetted fantastically by Alex Wurman's score. But there's so much talent on hand that you couldn't blame anyone for wanting more.
Watching Ferrell and crew put the uproar in uproarious makes you forget, if only for a while, today's worst news.
...about as entertaining as a TV test pattern.
Consistently funny, more often than not of the cheap variety.
Pathetic.
Slaps a goofy smile on your face.
The weirder Anchorman gets, the stronger its comedy.
At best fitfully amusing for all but hardcore Ferrell fans.
I could have used more smarm and crisply delineated battle-of-sexes confrontation, but Ferrell's overwrought mania and wholesale comedic devotion again sell the laffs.
Anchorman is packed with genuine laughs and a plethora of pleasant cameos
Will said on a recent talk show that he got the idea from watching a documentary on news and was captivated by the 70's anchors.
Ron Burgundy is a boob on the boob tune whose antics get stale before the movie ends.
Perfectly captures the hilarious desperation of the local news personality.
...consistently ridiculous and hysterical, despite its messy mid-movie abandonment of the subject it sets out to parody.
There are a ton of jokes launched, and most of them work.
It sinks like an anchor, man.
In the end, it really hinges on Ferrell's burgeoning star power and the contributions of his scene-stealing supporting cast.
...we all get one of the funniest movies of the year...
What we get is more of the same from Ferrell -- funny faces, goofy accents, pratfalls aplenty -- and that ain't bad. It just could have been a lot better.
Not since last year's Old School have I actually laughed afterward at a film's gags, remembering each one as if seeing it for the first time.
This one's crazy, silly, funny and whole lotta loony, but as a cohesive movie movie...it's also kind of a mess.
A hoot that comes to an unfortunate halt every time the newsteams go over the top.
It has a pleasing, noodly elasticity about it -- the picture knows what its limits are and proceeds to boogie unself-consciously far outside them.
Screenwriters Will Ferrell and Adam McKay have brought us a twisted tribute to sexual harassment...
Even if many of the film's individual characters aren't worth remembering an hour after you see the movie, Anchorman is almost always hilarious.
All hail Will Ferrell, King of the man-children!
This wildly uneven comedy goes from the heights of zaniness to the depths of bad-sketch humor, sometimes in the same scene.
You go ... hoping for good, dumb fun. Well, one out of three ain't bad. But that doesn't exactly make Anchorman good, either.
It's not a comedy.
Ron Burgundy takes his place among the multitude of amusing characters portrayed by one of today's most talented comics.
A surreally dopey comedy that is refreshingly ribald without resorting to gross-out humor, and its '70s-savvy soundtrack may be worth the price of admission.
At its best it plays like modern-day Marx Brothers in which every single thing that happens makes no sense and serves no purpose and nothing happens for any reason at all.
Wonderfully silly all the time.
You will laugh. Then you will laugh some more. Then you will laugh still again.
May cause hysterical fits of laughter -- stay tuned for further details.
Like most of these sofa-spud comedies, Anchorman bears its attention-deficit disorder proudly, as it shifts tone and abruptly sidetracks.
Occasionally, it entertains us for three minutes or so, but it lurches from one skitlike scene to another, charting out like this: funny, not funny, not funny, funny, not, not, not, funny, not, funny, not, not.
While the film is sporadically funny, it was done much better on the small screen, decades ago.
A comic idea that never finds the comic wellspring or anything resembling a sure source for laughs.
The laughs arrive on stale crackers of the easy, breezy and familiar.
There isn't a second that goes by without Ferrell filling it with some form of comic shtick - a well-turned punch line, a goofy facial expression, a pratfall or some other kind of physical comedy business.
A mighty silly send-up of a mighty silly era.
The SNL veteran's willingness to do anything for a laugh, no matter how humiliating or juvenile, keeps the laughs flowing pretty steadily in this fast paced send up of seventies era news anchors in all their blown dry, polyester glory.
Add it all up, and you get something that often meets the standard of being funny. Whether it meets the standard of being a movie is another question.
Most of it isn't even as funny as those supposedly humorous features that local news broadcasts sometimes end with.
Nothing more than an extended skit, and a lame one at that.
The celluloid equivalent of a throwaway summer pop anthem, the sort of catchy-yet-agitating tune that has you humming in spite of yourself.
Ferrell is funny spouting his weird stream-of-consciousness rants, but too often the plot leaves him hanging and he resorts to just Yelling Really Loud.
As much credit as Ferrell deserves for keeping this nonsense from slipping off the screen, Applegate deserves as well.
The desperate and frantic slapstick of Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy is closer to hysteria than hysterical.
What takes the whole thing pleasurably over the top, turning a goof into a total gas, is the film's pitch-perfect absurdist comedy and warmth.
You're just left wishing that Tina Fey had lent a helping hand -- or that they'd wheeled in some old hands from the real '70s newsroom gender comedy, The Mary Tyler Moore Show.
Ferrell makes this a movie worth your money, and you'll leave the theater laughing.
It's one of those movies where every good joke is in the trailer, which was a hilarious two-minute spot that promised so much more than this sloppy, lazy effort manages to deliver.
With the ability to throw all caution -- and sometimes all clothes -- to the wind, Ferrell has that unique ability to be both funny and vulnerable at the same time, a quality that makes him hard not to like.
Anchorman would qualify as great popcorn entertainment, except that the popcorn will become a choking hazard because you'll be guffawing so much.
Overly broad humor with little on its mind.
Ferrell has an absolutely magical way of making complete morons lovable.
There are more misfires and dead spots than we'd prefer, but they're outweighed by many more moments that are riotously laugh-out-loud funny.
No need to make room for Anchorman in any cultural time capsule, but there are enough laughs to keep the movie from being canceled.
Always affectionate toward its people, especially when they are at their most ridiculous, Anchorman meticulously builds America's dimmest news team. And we root for them.
It's 'Jane, you ignorant slut' all over again, but with less bite, a backstory, a romance and a host of celebrity cameos that promise more than they deliver.
A lot of the time it's very funny.
Sloppy, crude, pursuing the most far-flung tangents in hopes of a laugh, Anchorman still gave me more stupid giggles than I'd care to admit if I weren't paid to.
Although it has even less depth than its proudly one-dimensional hero, 'Anchorman' is frequently hilarious and full of delightful cameos by some familiar faces.
You finally got me, Will Ferrell. I surrender.
Half inspired and half a moronic exercise in brain stagnation.
Nearly as offensive as it is funny.
News Flash - it's not that funny!
Anchorman works so well because Ferrell's persona fits flawlessly into this world of overgrown boys working men's jobs.
No plot, no so-called redeeming social value and no desire to pluck the hearstrings, which is why it's superior to 'Elf.'
Anchorman establishes Ferrell as a formidable comic force reminiscent of Steve Martin when he was The Jerk or Chevy Chase when he was Fletch.
Anchorman is an absurd, stupid comedy that's a lot of fun and well worth checking out at the theater with friends.
Knights of Columbus! Wouldn't it be great if TV-based comedians weren't afraid of making movies that were funnier than they are?
Ferrell at the top of his craft...
These are obviously just stitched-together bits that these improv masters worked through until they got funny. Their dedication pays off more often than not, especially when the cast strives for outrageousness.
We really can't call this a sophomore slump. Does sophomoric slump work?
You'll be more likely to scratch your head in puzzlement than to pull your mouth into a smile
Although great in small doses, Anchorman struggles to sustain its concept through feature length.
I hoped for far more laughs, a sharper edge to the humor and a comedy that would attain the rank of other SNL alum works such as Caddyshack.
Anchorman may be uneven, but Will Ferrell's Ron Burgundy is a character worth revisiting
An enthusiastic, harmlessly silly celebration of the empancipation of the TV newsroom.
This is a masterpiece of comedy, ready to be watched, re-watched, quoted and imitated for years to come.
Ferrell totally gets the anchorman of the 70s vibe and pulls off even the lamest lines without breaking a sweat
[N]inety endless minutes of some of the most stunningly incompetent filmmaking I've ever seen...
Will Ferrell headlines a great comedy cast in a story that is as ridiculous as it is hysterical.
It's hardly breaking news to tell you Will Ferrell's funny, but Anchorman's flights of lunacy need a little more story to keep us engaged.
Gags aren't allowed to develop; the characters are shuffled from location to location and from conflict to conflict without building momentum.
Captures the mood of a group of friends riffing, trying to make each other laugh with the most ridiculous nonsense they can think of
Isn't as strong as Dodgeball or Starsky and Hutch primarily because the satire inherent in these flicks isn't paid as much attention to this time around.
The humor of Anchorman is planted deep within a surreal 70s landscape where the jokes zing by so fast, you have zero time to ponder how out there they really are.
While malapropisms and anachronisms do have their places in cinematic comedy, it's very tough to make them the foundation for a story.
A 'Stupid Comedy' that gleefully celebrates the absurd and actually trusts its audience to be smart.
The whole exercise has the smug feeling of a Kevin Smith film-- a cameo dumpster that doesn't even have the wit to kill Danny Trejo.
This is a wobbly comedy rooted too deeply in three- or four-minute TV-style set pieces, which misfire more often than not.
Remember the "Spanky and Our Gang" episodes where the boys wouldn't let Darla into the treehouse? Imagine that plot in the all-white-guys world of 1970's television news.
It is not as maniacally uninhibited as Old School or as dementedly lovable as Elf, but its cheerful dumbness is hard to resist.
It's a flat, dull picture marked by sporadic flashes of ridiculous brilliance.
Little more than an extended Saturday Night Live skit with better wigs, real locations and a script that sputters as soon as its one-joke premise is exhausted.
Hammers away at the same comedic notes like an 8-year-old pounding out 'Chopsticks' on a parlor piano.
Keeps re-establishing Ron's egomania with diminishing returns of cleverness. The film goes nowhere.
For every gag that works, there's one that doesn't, and the story is too thin to keep us engaged otherwise.
Partway through the uneven string of skits that comprises Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, the film loses its mind completely.
There is enough goofy humor to satisfy the guy in me but "Anchorman" has too many problems to propel it to the heights of Ferrell's recent vehicles.
That he can make his anchorman chauvinistic, deluded and ridiculous but still manage to give him some humanity is testimony to Ferrell's comic talents.
Even if it's not exactly dripping with substance, it's still one of the most distinct comedies to come out this year -- distinctly stupid at times, yes, but also with a fresh and funny voice of its own.
You're not laughing at anchormen. You're laughing at formula movie rituals blown sky-high.
It's essentially a one-joke situation carried to a tedious length and Ferrell hardly runs away with his cliched part.
Burgundy is dim, vain and unrepentantly horny, but there is something so limited about him that he seems more pitiable than funny.
The barrage of very funny jokes makes up for any missteps, and by the end of the film you'll likely only remember the good parts.
An engagingly knuckleheaded comic vehicle for former Saturday Night Live trouper Will Ferrell.
essentially ninety minutes of name-calling and surprise cameos masquerading as comedy
I think Anchorman has the potential to achieve Austin Powers-like status as a highly quotable movie.
Ron may be an idiot, but Anchorman is no dope.
Funny in a roly-poly, shapeless way. Sort of like Ferrell's gut.
It's a long string of heavy-footed sight and sound gags that must have seemed a stitch at the drawing board, but made me squirm in my seat.
Dumb, dumber, dumberest!
It's a cute, silly, likable movie without much weight or intensity, but it's also pretty funny.
It solidifies Ferrell's place alongside Jim Carrey, Jack Black and, when called on, Johnny Depp, as our best comic actors.
it seems like Ferrell can take just about any idea, however threadbare, and make it funny.
Even though it feels the need to lapse into juvenile clowning around every once in awhile, Anchorman is still gonna make you laugh--hard.
Instantly quotable and destined for classic comedic status.
...Burgundy barely qualifies as a character. Better to think of him as a living one-liner, albeit a very funny one.
so many ways to go with something witty, sharp, or just plain fun . . .the filmmakers instead went with pointless, dull, obvious, and sophomoric
It's the kind of movie that makes you laugh despite yourself, its inconsistent dummheit redeemed by a try-anything approach that somewhat transcends the usual aura of a TV sketch stretched to feature length.
Good dumb fun can be lowbrow without being lazy, but bite-sized episodes of creative lunacy are not enough to qualify Anchorman as the kind of dumb worth paying to see.
The results may not be coherent, or even consistent, but they are often hilarious.
"Anchorman" is so deft and suave at selling us on its preposterousness that we give in, and laugh at the sheer gall of it all.
the movie succeeds because there are so many goofy little moments that rise up out of nowhere and catch you off guard.
Will Ferrell shows that even he is not immune to looking bad when faced with bad material, even if it's his own. Possibly one of the worst directed films of the year.
For a comedy set during the formative era of happy-talk news, Anchorman doesn't do enough to tweak the on-camera phoniness of dum-dum local journalism.
This is one of the funniest movies of the year...
Whether he's fighting Kodiak bears or throwing burritos at bikers, Ron Burgundy is the perfect outlet for Will's unique brand of sincere witticism.
Anchorman is equally hilarious, appalling and intelligent, but couldn't the movie have a little more of the intelligent and hilarious?
Most of the comic sequences and satirical barbs in this comedy seem to have been recycled from the long ago past.
A marginal entertainment with some greatly funny scenes definitely worth seeing, but is the rest of the movie worth wading through to get to them? Probably not.
Will Ferrell's commitment to sophomoric comedy is encroaching on religious zeal: "Anchorman" is Ferrell at his best.
A coarse, one-joke affair; Ron Burgundy might not have actually been an SNL skit, but 'Anchorman' sure feels like a movie based on one.
As parody, it's toothless and often smug, but as random Ferrellspeak generator, it has its delights.
Farrell carries the movie on his broad shoulders, nailing the character perfectly.
Ferrell has seized on a clever concept rife with possibilities -- namely, women breaking the glass ceiling in male-dominated TV news during the '70s -- and smartly surrounded himself with a topnotch cast.
Proving that even infantile humor can be funny, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy does make you laugh even if you hate yourself for doing so.
... the laugh ratio is about 50 percent, but that's still pretty good.
It's difficult to resist a hero who believes that the name San Diego, derived from German, means "whale's vagina."



@highlight

Filled with inspired silliness and quotable lines, Anchorman isn't the most consistent comedy in the world, but Will Ferrell's buffoonish central performance helps keep this portrait of a clueless newsman from going off the rails.