Be Cool isn't the biting satire that Get Shorty was. It's lighter, hipper, and, yes, more fun.
Be Cool sounds like it should be good, or at least entertaining, but it's neither. It does have some genuinely fun moments, but lacks a strong narrative to hang them off of. The result is empty, full of contrivances, and ultimately unsatisfying.
Watered-down sequel isn't meant for kids.
I was really glad when it was over.
Self-mocking jokes prevail in F. Gary Gray's feisty cinematic version of Elmore Leonard's irreverent Los Angeles based novel.
click to read review [Greek]
The characters are still engaging, but the story is a mess this time around.
Nothing here feels authentic--not the occasionally funny thugs or the supposed 'street cred' vibe that hits like a thud.
Less like a story than an assemblage of moments and top-notch character acting, but as far as cinematic trifles go, it's guilt-free.
There's some fun to be had here, but measured against Get Shorty, the movie doesn't fare so well.
Chili remains Travolta's greatest creation, the quintessence of black-clad hipster nonchalance, imperturbable even when the bullets are flying.
The whole film is a great piece of eye candy with many LA sites and a lot of music and action.
...attempts to look effortless in seeming hip, but the wink-wink, nudge-nudge jokes about sequels, Hollywood, and the music world come off as familiar and self-congratulatory.
A half-hearted, loosey-goosey sequel so floppy and laid-back that it just sort of lounges on a sun chair and soaks up the audience's good intentions.
Funny and smart, nicely crafted without being overly artsy, and quirky but approachable. If only every sequel were this much fun.
Entretenida, obligada a quienes gustaron de las primeras aventuras de Chili Palmer, y con un soundtrack que sacará a más de uno a la pista de baile.
Get "'Shorty" out of your head for a couple of goofy, irreverent hours and there's a good chance you'll enjoy this inferior yet amiable sequel.
Thurman looks desperately uncomfortable throughout the entire film, Keitel fails to make any real impact and the less said about Vince Vaughn's desperate mugging as a wannabe gangsta, the better.
too amiably daft to be truly biting.
Here's hoping the cast of Be Cool can pick up their careers after the release of this film.
Despite some dead spots, it's still a fun, and very funny, ride.
It's a big mess, but it's a fun mess.
...Be Cool is a paper-thin copy that traces the outline of the original without bringing anything new to the drawing board.
The fastest way to turn cool into drool.
...there doesn't seem to be any reason for the film to even exist...
As average as its predecessor was entertaining, "Be Cool" is a spoof of itself.
the antithesis of its title, as it is clearly trying too hard from start to finish
For all the smug insiderness that makes Chili's world go round, it is the Rock who distracts from the formula most effectively.
This Hollywood-set tale of music business corruption never finds it feet.
...joyless.
A fun reunion of sorts and a new spin on the senseless sequel.
The only really interesting thing about this boneheaded film version of Elmore Leonard's [novel] is how flagrantly it trashes the book, and its ... flamboyant incoherence.
Pathetic.
Sequels rarely emerge as anything interesting, much less compelling. This one does. ... Warmed-over Chili is a gas.
A desperate, wheezing mess.
Director F. Gary Gray (The Italian Job) has none of the facility with story and characters that Barry Sonnenfeld displayed on the original picture.
A movie that never provides a compelling argument for its own existence.
I spent the bulk of Be Cool thinking that I'd never seen a more badly structured film, nor one so completely -- with little reason -- convinced of its own coolness.
There weren't any plot threads left dangling at the end of Get Shorty that justified a sequel.
With nary a role in the film that isn't occupied by a recognizable star, it's a slightly more humble version of the celebrity get-togethers of Ocean's 11 and 12.
'Chappelle's Show' has thrown away wittier music spoofs in their half-smoked roaches.
Almost scandalous in the sheer volume of talent it squanders ...
A laugh every five minutes or so is not cool... it's not worth the vig owed on a matinee ticket.
The Rock gives what I predict might be the Best Supporting performance of the year.
Travolta is the epitome of cool
One of the cuddliest, cutest movies you'll ever see about mobsters and murderers.
Transgressions can be overlooked thanks to cast members so cool they make the title feel like a mantra.
Au cours des 2 premières minutes de Be Cool, Chili Palmer (John Travolta) affirme qu'il déteste les suites. Ha-ha. Comme si cela excusait le reste du désastre qu'est le film.
Just as there's nothing lamer than people who think they're cool, watching a movie that thinks it's cool is tedious.
Director F. Gary Gray fails to provide the same confidence and snap as Sonnenfeld, but with everyone trying very hard to make this thing work, the rewards are there, if light and short-lived.
You know a sequel isn't working when, ten minutes into the movie, a voice inside your head starts screaming, 'Please make it stop!'
...a film that could only have been excusable had Trey Parker and Matt Stone made it using puppets.
A messy, overlong film, but it's impossible to take seriously and therefore more than a little entertaining.
a two-hour in-joke that is rarely dull but only occasionally as funny as it thinks it is.
"Be Cool" should follow its own advice and doesn't.
Further proof of Elmore Leonard's desperate, sell-out status.
An Elmore Leonard story is almost always more interesting than most of the pictures playing at the multiplex.
Be Cool lacks both a focus and an edge, making it an amorphous mess.
The movie feels more like a cavalcade of personalities than anything resembling a story.
We've been waiting years for Travolta to get his schedule in order for this.
It's a step down, a big one, on both fronts and neither does the kind of job here that could be construed as anything remotely their best.
No, Be Cool is not as good as Get Shorty, but it is funny and fun to watch.
As slick and flippant as Be Cool thinks it is in content, Gray merely provides an atmospheric three ring circus where the caustic clowns aimlessly run the ragged show
Admitting you're an Aerosmith groupie is like saying you're a huge believer in stirrup pants.
[T]he Rock, the pro wrestler-turned-actor (The Scorpion King, The Rundown), turns out to have great comic flair...
Probably the crummiest movie I've enjoyed in quite some time...
A note-for-note, beat-for-beat redo of its predecessor, only with all the entertaining stuff left out.
I have a Man Crush on John Travolta, so it could feature performances from Ben Affleck, the Olsen Twins, Tara Reid AND Jamie Kennedy, and I would still like it.
This bumbling exercise in redundant replication is as disagreeably lukewarm as a heavily trafficked municipal baby pool.
The end-credits montage, which gives each cast member a chance to bust-a-move, is as much fun ... and substantial ... as anything that precedes it.
Like The Lost World sequel to Jurassic Park, Be Cool is a stellar example of forcing a sequel. There's no inspiration, no creativity.
It's kind of -- hmmmm, less than good, a little better than not bad, almost all right, mediocre without being grating, sort of in the C-minus-to-C-minus-minus range.
Twinkle, Twinkle, Baby! The Rock and Vince Vaughn's performance is worth the price of a matinee admission alone.
May not be the swiftest piece of cinema out there, but when it has its moments with The Rock, they absolutely kill.
If you're looking for a primer on the worst ways to adapt an Elmore Leonard novel, look no further.
The moment you formally anoint something as cool, you kill the qualities that made it cool to begin with, because coolness has no greater enemy than self-awareness.
You can't help noticing that most of Palmer's adversaries in Be Cool are essentially witless, and so there's no real kick in seeing the unflappable Chili outwit them -- contributing to a critical lack of narrative drive.
Contains a cornucopia of cliched comic characters.
Chock-full of the kind of power moments that are extremely useful in assembling a trailer. But the filmmakers forgot something: a good story to hold the celebrity bric-a- brac and shtick together.
It can't decide if it's a comedy or a musical -- rocking ballads by Milian and a duet with Aerosmith's Steven Tyler are sweet interludes but ruinous to any sense of paced humor.
The cast is like having comic EMTs on hand to revive things. They rescue Gray and, by and large, the picture.
It's unchallenging but amusing enough.
Be Cool hopes to be an equal-opportunity insult package, but where there might be edge or wit or fresh observation, there's just dumb shock value.
Feels forced and graceless. It's like a clumsy dancer who can't keep up with the sprightly beat being set by the band.
This lazy, loosey-goosey sequel entertains, almost in spite of itself.
Like being spritzed by a bottle of stale seltzer.
There's really no need to pay much attention to the plot.
You have to be concerned when the funniest guy in a large-cast ensemble comedy is The Rock. ... But it all works, if just barely.
It's instantly forgettable, but smooth fun most of the way.
Travolta's best film in years -- as well as a one-man summation (with occasional sidebars) of what it means to be an icon.
A real chore to sit through.
Keeps wandering off on tangents, and after a while its audience does, too.
The book's various thugs, pistol-waving gangstas and Russian mafia are so cartoonishly portrayed they're about as scary as members of the Wile E. Coyote Fan Club.
Utterly forgettable -- and, yes, utterly uncool.
The movie lacks anything approaching a rhythm -- which, as everyone knows, is the record business' deadliest sin.
The film's one redeeming quality may be its eventual use as a thesis subject for some would-be Phd ('Be Cool: Deconstructing Hollywood at its Worst'). But that will be little consolation for anyone who wastes nine bucks on a ticket for this movie.
Nothing is more uncool than trying too hard.
Has its tongue lodged so firmly in its cheek that it practically chokes on it.
Pretty tepid entertainment.
Enervated sequels full of witless in-jokes shouldn't lob stones at enervated sequels full of witless in-jokes.
The music industry is already such a parody of itself that the movie's caricatures are only about an inch away from the real thing. You could get almost as many laughs watching the Grammys or the MTV Awards.
Writer Peter Steinfeld and director F. Gary Gray have created a pale, blurry copy of the first picture, peopled with supporting characters who amount to nothing and a choppy scenario that drags on 20 minutes too long.
What was keenly ridiculous in print seems clueless and uncouth onscreen now. Gray embraces the inanities Leonard seemed to be lampooning.
One character after another, one scene after another, one cute line of dialogue after another, refers to another movie, a similar character, a contrasting image, or whatever. The movie is like a bureaucrat who keeps sending you to another office.
Be Cool could use some time management editing...still Vince Vaughn and The Rock alone are worth the price of admission - immediately!
...the overcooked Be Cool's most disturbing flaw is how the hip-hop motif unfurls some of the most ridiculously honky-white moments.
The plot is a bunch of nonsense, an excuse to parade the actors in front of the camera ...
Be Cool exudes a cool, breezy charm, to be sure, but the movie isn't as facile as its predecessor.
Director F. Gary Gray makes good on the characters... but he misses the lilt and attitude of the original film and never really finds his own rhythm.
Cleverness is abandoned for stereotypical burlesque. It just isn't cool.
The Rock is the main reason to see "Be Cool"
There's a Nobel Prize to be had in the exploration of this kind of pop-culture quantum physics...
Just like Ocean's Twelve, Be Cool is an abysmal sequel that makes you want to angrily boo the screen when it's over.
an uneven tale... nearly everyone attempts to upstage everyone else. (Director) Gray, the ostensible ringmaster, is trampled by his own circus clowns.
Lethargic Get Shorty sequel has a slow-poke script, sleepwalking leads and more thought put into the product placement than the plot.
Really shouldn't work, but it's smarter than it looks, handles itself assuredly, and does manage to be funny.
'The Rock, who has already made a smooth transition from the wrestling ring to the big screen, almost steals the film.'
Save your money, rent Get Shorty, and don't buy into the idea this movie's in any way cool.
A squalid piece of nonsense that trivializes murder and violence. The color is good and Travolta is a master of the dance floor, but this is nothing more than glitzy trash.
A silly fantasy that goes for broad strokes where a more finely tuned satire might have actually hit a nerve.
Be Cool is a solid, funny, groovy return to the screen for Chili and his wacky west coast adventures, while also not embarrassing the original film.
Uma without charisma.
It's canned Chili for people who hate spicy food.
I can only recommend you 'be cool' and avoid this vanity project dreck.
Travolta as an ex-loan shark and self-styled record manager is so cool he's going to freeze his miscreant enemies to death before they fire a shot.
The picture is a bust, a grimly unfunny comedy with no connection to reality, and worst of all, running on and on for two dismal hours.
Follows the form of the original, but always to diminishing effect.
Instead of getting us to laugh, it only shows how desperate they are to please.
The movie is so interested in shilling Milian that it shuttles poor Chili to the background; Travolta phones in his performance, as does Thurman.
The Rock steals the show in an otherwise lame sequel.
As loosely adapted from Elmore Leonard's Get Shorty sequel novel, the sequel movie Be Cool tastes like a watered-down drink.
Hip, zippy, and oh-so-cool.
The bits with Cedric the Entertainer and his gun-toting posse struck me as a flaming racist outrage, and casting The Rock as a flamboyantly gay actor/singer must have looked funnier on paper.
Perfect testament to what Hollywood does best: turn entertaining originals into dull sausage meat.
Represents the mind-numbing antithesis of cool.
John Travolta returns as the reformed mobster he played in Get Shorty. But while Get Shorty rode the Pulp Fiction craze with finesse, Be Cool is running on empty.
Even Travolta seems disinterested in this bloated sequel, which revisits all the old gags but doesn't possess a tenth of the energy found in the original.
Chili's assessment of a character's movie pitch is a suitable review for this one: 'You've got a premise and a setting but you don't have character arcs or a plot.'
[A] very marginal misfire.
There's an excess of corn, confusion and chaos in Be Cool, but not much of anything you could call comedy.
The overlong comedy has few laughs and flirts far too much with racist, homophobic humor. A waste of a fine cast.
Manages to re-write both Los Angeles County smoking laws and the history of Liv Tyler's parentage without batting an eye.
Tepid entertainment.
It's still jolly, goofy fun.
The only worse thing than starring in a bad movie is using it to call up memories of a time when you were terrific. That's not cool at all.
Be Cool is not cool (in fact, Aerosmith is so jurassically uncool, it's about due for an album-of-the-year Grammy), and it's not original.
Be cool, be lukewarm -- just be somewhere else.
This stunningly inept movie is an early contender for worst film of 2005.
F. Gary Gray seems a clueless bystander, watching the new machine attempt to clone the earlier model's rhythms, gestures, and confidence, but never knowing which switches to flip.
A bright, colorful misfire.
...don't expect it to be as good as GET SHORTY and you should be okay.
Be Cool ... should leave you in stitches. Unless, of course, you're one of those anti-discriminatory humour kind of people. You know who you are.
Irony? If you say so.
They'll look look longingly at the screen, silently willing the movie to Be cool! Be funny! At least be somewhat interesting! And the hopes will go unfulfilled.
Painful to sit through. Except for Travolta & Thurman's dance, this is awful. Product placement everywhere and only Aerosmith's Joe Perry & The Rock keep their dignity.
has been manufactured to the hilt to appeal to all demographics yet entertains none
doesn't capture much of what's really cool in Elmore Leonard's novel, but there's no denying that "Be Cool" provides some very funny, very entertaining moments.
The laughs come often and the massive cast has brought its best.
It should be a rule of filmmaking that when the plot fizzles out, the film should end
A lazy, rhythmless, and redundant piece of moviemaking.
The kind of sequel that gives sequels a bad name - a bland, lifeless, uninspired cash-in with an assembly-line script and a sleepwalking star.
Ultra-smooth ex-gangster Chili Palmer returns to the screen after a decade's absence and the audience gets whacked...an unmitigated disaster.
Be Cool is not really cool as Get Shorty was, but it's entertaining, a frivolous cocktail rather than a vintage wine.
Be Cool is anything but. A follow-up to the charming comedy Get Shorty, it's one of the weakest sequels in recent memory.








@highlight

Be Cool is tepid, square, and lukewarm; as a parody of the music business, it has two left feet.