The Terminal manages to amuse, entertain, and inspire.
Spielberg was able to make a post-9/11 film about a foreigner in an American airport without getting on a soap box about terrorism or airport anxiety
Lovely and well worth sharing with your family.
A crowd-pleasing and entertaining film about humanity and heart with excellent performances and competent directing from Spielberg.
Amiable if rather toothless fable.
A great filmmaker doing minor work.
The Terminal's conclusion was as awkward and aloof as O'Hare Airport in December.
It's the type of movie that would easily entertain any viewer.
Hanks is excellent and I applaud Spielberg for delving into some new territory.
There are story threads that play out enjoyably, and other threads end up going nowhere. Enjoy the film from scene to scene, since there are definite pleasures along the way.
Hanks' overdone slapstick antics and awful accent ... keep this featherweight farce from taking flight.
The film loses its hushed sense of 'lost-in-the-system' hopelessness and becomes a silly, 'let's all put on a show!' feel-gooder that misses more often not.
What's shocking here is the inanity of it all.
It seems he's happy to continue viewing the world in black and white.
The film concludes with a ten-car pile-up of sentimental resolutions.
To Read review visit www.EmanuelLevy.com
The politically connotative mechanics of the plot are utterly superfluous--a good 3/4th of the plot is of a throwaway nature.
Una fábula actual de la capacidad de encontrarnos, de no perdernos, o de todo al mismo tiempo.
So satisfied with its feel-good status, it seems oblivious to the bad casting decisions
Something of a disappointment, despite solid work from Hanks and Tucci -- it's as if Spielberg assembled all the ingredients for a great film and then decided to experiment and threw away the recipe.
Far less cuddly than expected, this unusual and elegant movie may have failed to connect with US audiences but it proves Spielberg is currently the most unpredictable director in Hollywood.
Hanks is a likeable actor but rarely a subtle one. Viktor is another cutesy emotional heart-tugger in the Forrest Gump mould, all galumphing slapstick.
...it's impossible to shake the feeling that [The Terminal] belongs on the small screen.
Showcases a fine performance from Hanks but one that gets lost while attempting to transcend a higher purpose.
A sweet, little contemporary allegory that celebrates the immigrant spirit and the triumph of the little man over heartless bureaucracy.
It's an odd fable: Viktor is the mysterious visitor who shows us what the American Dream is all about-in the movie's terms, compassion for others -- without ever wanting to become an American himself.
A rather enjoyable piece of complete and utter fluff
A frothy ditty about survival in unlikely circumstances.
Even in the desolation of an airport lounge at midnight, Viktor is too pure, we realize, to entertain the ghost of a dirty thought.
É uma pena que, gradualmente, deixe de ser um interessante estudo de personagem e se transforme em um drama tipicamente hollywoodiano.
The Terminal is a surefooted fable about what connects us as humans.
'Spielberg logra una fantasía sentimental, romántica y sumamente divertida que deja una amplia sonrisa en la boca y la idea de que la vida puede ser mucho menos complicada.'
So cute and sweet that any insightful observations will be lost to real-world audiences.
What will this studio think of next? A remake of The Red Balloon set in Tikrit? How about Sunday in the Park with George relocated to Guantánamo?
Tom Hanks cashes in every last chip of his audience lovability and still doesn't save the movie.
Annoying out of the gates, then cute, at times Hollywood romantic, with Zeta-Jones acting as Meg Ryan. Product placement bogs.
This is a film that could only come from a cast and crew at the top of their game.
A vacant slog--audiences should be rewarded with free travel miles just for sitting through it.
It proves that Spielberg has not lost a single ounce of showmanship and yet he continues to grow, take chances and, yes, even at his age, mature.
What he has here might be flawed, but it's reassuring to see the director return to his roots of character exploration in a fanciful location.
... truly heartwarming, humorous and touching film...
...un divertissement de première classe... ni plus, ni moins.
...a fairytale triumph about the immigrant experience in America...
Attention, Academy voters: This film needs to win for Production Design. Also, Tom Hanks is God.
Spielberg and Hank turn this 'delay' into a delight.
Alex McDowell's set is so impressive, it outshines everything else in the movie, including Hanks. But as far as the lackluster story goes, it barely gets off the ground.
A disappointment.
The Terminal isn't a belly laugh or a knee-slapper; rather it enthralls viewers with gentle humor and warmth and holds your attention with the mystery of Viktor's visit.
A feel-good film of such originality and sweetness in a summer of otherwise derivative sequels and remakes that it practically qualifies for miracle status.
The concept was there; the production abilities were there. It's the execution that fell apart.
Those who feel a twinge of something other than warm fuzziness when being as shamelessly manipulated as one of Mr. Pavlov's dogs may want to think twice.
Viktor is amiable; he's not going to make anyone nervous, as he might if he was, for instance, "Middle Eastern."
Fans of old fashioned filmmaking, in the grand tradition of Frank Capra and Billy Wilder, will find much to enjoy here.
The story is engaging and funny, but it does fall apart somewhat in the final act.
I think I'll go watch Saving Private Ryan.
Dinner and a DreamWork
While very funny and very whimsical in that New Wave sort of way, Spielberg squanders grand opportunity with the premise.
... a winning Capraesque fable unfortunately undone by the realities of the time in which it's set -- now.
There are worse movies out there than The Terminal, but few that feel quite so... unnecessary.
[W]hat does Spielberg expect us to take from all this? Should we be amused? Touched? Inspired? It certainly doesn't require us to think.
Tom Hanks was back to his good, old self.
A loungeful of comedic payloads and ironies but so stretched beyond capacity that the overbooking gave me an itch to take off on the next flight out.
Director Steven Spielberg and actor Tom Hanks combine to work their movie magic one more time.
This is the first time in my life I wanted to spend more time in an airport terminal, and Spielberg is just such a brilliant filmmaker; the things he does with light and with motion and some amazing tracking shots.
Tom Hanks pulls off another brilliant piece of acting that is touching and very funny.
A handful of scenes are effective in isolation, but 'The Terminal' doesn't hold together overall.
Suggests that America remains the generous land of opportunity that immigrants have dreamed of for decades, despite terrorism and Homeland Security...
It may not be Saving Private Ryan II, but it's still the best adult film playing right now.
The Terminal is a movie that asks you to suspend yourself from belief for a couple of hours and head into kind of a movie schnookie woo-woo world...
Seeing The Terminal is like experiencing an uneventful flight: The trip was pleasant but not delightful, and you're happy to deplane at the other end.
Much like the fictional Krakozhia, real-life logic and believable people don't exist.
...very smooth and on course...has the appropriate touch of sentimentality and reflection to make this spirited vehicle the suitable one for takeoff
Probably the worst-directed film Spielberg has ever made.
A tedious schmaltz-fest that feels more like the work of the cinematically challenged Ephron than the supremely gifted Spielberg.
The movie goes trippingly along it's merry way and is actually quite delightful.
Much of the action is in fact predictable but in a satisfying, old-fashioned way.
That Spielberg refuses to go after bigger game keeps the film a banal exercise in sentimentality.
Speilberg and Hanks make "The Terminal" an enjoyable flight, and not an interminable bore.
One thing has remained constant... Spielberg's stubborn determination to take true stories -- World War II, slavery, a counterfeiting wiz, a stranded immigrant -- and turn them into feel-good mush.
Spielberg's most optimistic film since 1989.
Delicately funny and inventive.
Discordant, unsatisfying, sometimes emotionally incoherent.
There's a thin line between fable and twaddle, and this feel-good trifle veers dangerously close to the latter.
The small joys it has to offer are wholly dependent on the willingness of the audience to indulge in the proverbial suspension of disbelief. And believe me, much indulging is necessary.
The Terminal is quintessential Spielberg: perfectly cast, technically breathtaking, sentimental to the point of being one sugar cube away from gooey and extremely pleasurable to watch.
I'm not in love with The Terminal, but I liked every minute in it.
The word on this one is simple: Enjoy.
An enjoyable ensemble movie anchored by Hanks' incredible -- and incredibly generous -- performance.
The implicit message is not subtle, but it's heartfelt.
It's not bad so much as empty, self-satisfied and cute.
Hanks' perfectly rendered Navorski offsets the hogwash and makes the film's shortcomings bearable.
...a delicate, delightful piece of filmmaking that works best as an allegorical comedy, even if allegorical comedy requires a tone that Spielberg can't always maintain.
The dramatic part of this ensemble drama doesn't work very well.
A gentle alternative to noisy kid-oriented action flicks, raucous comedies and the agitprop of Fahrenheit 9/11.
Feels disingenuous and dogmatic.
The Terminal is so beautifully directed, so pleasurable to watch and so thoughtfully put together, it's a disappointment when you realize, halfway through, that the movie is going to fall way short of a masterpiece.
Steven Spielberg wants to make you smile ... which should be all the warning you need to avoid this troubled film in the same way you might avoid the airport on Thanksgiving weekend.
A satisfying feel-good comedy.
A film as delightful and entertaining as it is insightful.
Overwrought and self-indulgent.
This may not be a great movie, but it may prove a great feel-good balm to many.
The trip still feels oddly unnecessary.
Quite enjoyable.
Isn't nearly as daring as it could have been.
In Viktor, Hanks finds a character worthy of his gifts.
This skillfully constructed saga of sentimentality is the falsest movie of the year.
An occasionally inspired, somewhat confused, utterly watchable film featuring some of the biggest stars in Hollywood.
A sweet and delicate comedy.
A funny, lovely story that seems true in nearly every particular.
Tedious, insincere malarkey that wants badly to play on emotions it's not capable of generating itself.
Like so many of Spielberg's films, it's the dream of a brilliant child, and a lovely place to tarry before returning to adulthood.
With a big assist from Hanks, Spielberg takes nothing and turns it into a charming something.
Tom Hanks woos Catherine Zeta-Jones and Kumar Pallana spins plates...good times.
Hanks ... is the perfect actor for this role, balancing the absurdist humor and heartbreak of Viktor's predicament and adding his own considerable good nature.
Holds several small treasures and one crown jewel of a performance by Tom Hanks.
There are so many little details that give the movie its humor, its warmth, and its charm. It's full of unexpected surprises - every sentimental moment is perfectly placed.
To watch The Terminal is to be in one -- your plane delayed, your future on hold, your pass in hand and nothing to board.
This terminally bumpy mishmash of every bad contrivance ever made on film never takes flight.
What's less interesting than spending time in an airport?
The intriguing premise soon becomes a labored and contrived layover for the viewer.
As they land this fish-out-of-water story, Spielberg and Hanks have created a modern Catch-22 that moves you to laughter and then tugs your heart moments later.
Wobbles between plotlines and characters that make emotional sense and ones that don't remains passably entertaining, but doesn't bear much thinking about afterwards.
leaving you feeling like Viktor, stranded in nowheresville, able to make do while you have to, but looking forward to your ticket out.
The draw for The Terminal lay solely on the shoulders of its star.
Once again Tom Hanks shows the depths of his talent.
Unavoidably funny and touching enough that we can ignore its weaknesses.
This film is the very definition of 'light' entertainment.
Within ten minutes, I was hooked; within thirty, I was rapt; by the last act, I knew that the hands of a master had played me like a piano. It's beautiful.
It's a recommendable movie if only for the flurry of solid laughs that come early and often, but that's about it.
Hanks' Navorsky character is compelling, we care about him, and we become interested in a situation most of us would stop at nothing to avoid.
What...makes it all worthwhile, is Hanks' performance, which consists of one part Chaplin.., one part Sid Caesar.., and one part Hanks' own personal warmth.
'The Terminal' is like a private jet that has had too much baggage...it looks sleek and beautiful on the outside but it is simply too loaded down to ever quite take off.
Airport-purgatory story from Spielberg and Hanks is a minor work from two master craftsmen.
Spielberg seems to be letting the audience know that he's not trying to be terribly serious this time, so just sit back and enjoy the show.
In 50 years people will remember, talk about and admire The Terminal as they do both It's a Wonderful Life and Mr. Smith Goes To Washington.
Nathanson's rich mix of wit and sentiment culminates in a moment so moving that it blooms within you as you watch.
Steven Spielberg's most Spielberg-y film in years.
Takes you on such a funny, good-natured ride that you forgive its destination being so ordinary and disappointing.
If moviegoers suspend their disbelief -- easy enough thanks to the diverse and talented cast, as well as Spielberg's capable direction -- they're bound to enjoy this cinematic fantasy.
A bad film. Several bad films, actually.
Bland and semidelusional Hollywood sentimentality.
It never gets any big laughs or major lumps in the throat, but it sparks throughout.
An uneven mix of comedy and pathos.
Sweet but disjointed film.
An engaging, consistently amusing diversion.
One of Spielberg's worst movies.
makes its audience suffer one too many layovers, but Hanks and Spielberg's technical crew keep it aloft
Everything about this movie feels forced.
Rarely have I been so acutely aware of a movie's softness and sentimentality, and rarely have I minded less.
A joyous movie.
Spielberg's love letter to America.
A heart-tugging, crowd-pleasing yet light-hearted human drama with refreshing comic undertones.
Even the best of talents misfire. Here's Exhibit A.
Hopeful but not sappy.
Effective but overlong.
Cloying and contrived.
The film is so flaccid and pedestrian one can hardly believe it comes from the director whom a majority of Americans would presume is the best this country has.
A fairly small, surprisingly intimate movie.
The Terminal is a light-hearted and thoroughly entertaining film about the joys that can be ours when we slow down, practice deep listening, and cultivate the art of patience.
An inspired piece of chutzpah.
Spielberg has crafted the film with a proficiency as seamless, and impersonal, as the setting, and you may feel, after a while, that you're longing for your departure time.
The first 45 minutes or so are interesting, as we learn about Hanks' character and his unusual situation. Then the whole thing takes a nose dive and never recovers.
An unabashed romantic comedy and Capraesque fable that takes Spielberg into realms he's rarely traveled before.
The Terminal isn't terminal, but it comes close to flat-lining a few times too many.
Fortunately, it doesn't aimlessly amble for more than a few minutes after it should. But this ending separates a great film from a very good one with a ridiculous coda.
The Terminal works best when it sticks to its loosely knit comic episodes, such as a poker game with stakes lifted from the airport's lost-and-found room.
Thanks to Spielberg's vivid storytelling and Hanks' matchless gift for bringing the common man to life, this is a relentlessly charming movie.
Misses the mark when it incorporates an ill-conceived love story between Tom Hanks and Catherine Zeta-Jones into the plot.
the slickest sort of escapism, designed to amuse . . . but not challenge, [sending] its viewers out into the world with the sense that they have seen something profound
Spielberg applies his so-called 'magic touch' to the picture and produces something genuinely charming and sweet.
Interminable.
Plays like the first few episodes of an expensive, gimmicky sitcom about a guy forced to live in an airport.
Not unlike experience of talking to a foreigner who barely speaks English: Strangely intriguing, but kind of sad and deeply frustrating
Takes off in spectacular fashion, but too much narrative turbulence prevents its flights of fancy from ever achieving maximum altitude.
Chicken soup for the narcoleptic and the easily distracted.
The subtle implications of Viktor Navorski's inimitable status are pregnant with charm.
It's sad that Spielberg seems content to engage in crude slapstick-the mischievous diversions of a crowd-pleaser.
A movie so confused that it might have been directed by a jet-lagged world traveler.
...so visually sophisticated you could enjoy it just as much with the sound turned off.
The Terminal is one of those films that is so warm and fuzzy you want to cuddle up on the couch with it.
Summer is for more than monsters and mayhem ... a picture like The Terminal is worth as much consideration as vampire hunters, ancient warriors and boy wizards.
Spielberg does not appear to take himself or the material too seriously, and his steadfast refusal to see the proverbial glass as less than half-full is more inspiring than cloying.
The Terminal emerges as a political commentary that pulls no punches.
Relentlessly behaviorist, the filmmaker seldom fails to pat the puppy and, applying John Williams's melodic treacle, woo the viewer with cheap sentiment.
The Terminal is the anti-summer movie ... I'll wager that there will be few films released this year that will be this pleasant a surprise or engaging a movie.
...as pleasantly adrift as its hero, a modestly enjoyable sojourn that has no idea where it should be going.
By favoring cuteness over credibility, The Terminal ends up being far too fantastical--even for Steven Spielberg.
Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks serve up a heaping helping of Capracorn...and in their hands it's a reasonably palatable, though hardly gourmet, dish.
Only on a concourse can a Sbarro franchise boast: 'When it's got to be good enough to be between Gates 16 and 17.'
A fine, enjoyable, uplifting fantasy that's suitable for viewing by all members of the family.
An odd film for Steven Spielberg, which is perhaps why it works so well.
Starts off with a quirkily original premise before completely derailing in shallow subplots that go nowhere and a loathsome conclusion that wants, but fails, to be uplifting.
The movie for the most part scores, in spite of muddied premise and a singularly bad casting choice.
The key to this is not bigger, faster or more intense. It is the simple clarity that is at the core of all great storytelling.










@highlight

The Terminal transcends its flaws through the sheer virtue of its crowd-pleasing message and a typically solid star turn from Tom Hanks.