Wild though the film often is, a truly revelatory history of the studio and its legacy remains untold.
It is, as per usual for Hartley, a giddy, lightning-paced celebration of cheerfully terrible movies.
Directed with tremendous energy for much of its first half, as Cannon starts to wear out is welcome, so does this documentary.
Clip shows like this are always fun for die-hard movie buffs (including critics), especially in a case like this, when the clips are much more potent than the completed films.
[Mark] Hartley may be irreverent in his approach, but it's clear that he loves this stuff. Electric Boogaloo (which gets its name from one of Cannon's own films) shares that love with the rest of us.
As he did with his previous documentary Not Quite Hollywood: The Wild, Untold Story of Ozploitation! (which made my 10 Best list for 2009), director Mark Hartley compiles ample film clips to help tell the saga.
The documentary assembles a riveting barrage of anecdotes from assorted colleagues to convey the glory, chaos and legacy of Cannon Films.
[Director Mark Hartley] has assembled a lively collection of clips and interviews that gives the Cannon story definition and shape, without stinting on the gratuitous anecdotes.
Offers a cornucopia of spectacularly trashy clips that will leave you laughing, screaming and squirming - sometimes all at once.
It's a hilarious, couldn't-make-it-up journey into one of film's strangest chapters.
[A] riotous, flavourful documentary.
A must-see for cinephiles.
What it does offer are some wildly colourful, jaw-dropping anecdotes from their friends and collaborators about their working methods.
Fortunately, in the hands of the documentary film-maker Mark Hartley, the result is a romp through the insalubrious depths of the straight-to-video bin of your local 1980s video rental establishment.
Well, there's a bizarre fascination to it all.
Kudos has to be given to Hartley for lifting the lid on a host of bad practices and making an honest documentary that could so easily have been turned into a juvenile exercise in macho backslapping.
There's no denying, however, that, like Cannon's films themselves, the end product is a wonderful, if perhaps slightly trashy, piece of fun.
Cannon's body will continue to be autopsied for years to come, but this film gives a wonderful once over and analysis of their most important works and personalities. For the cinephile, this is a must watch doc.
Electric Boogaloo is basically a celebration of chutzpah.
This is one documentary that's a must-see for anyone interested in film history, or seeing hope and enthusiasm triumph critical and financial success.
Entertaining (more so than most Cannon films), but also insightful about bizarre strands of 1980s film history.
Electric Boogaloo is required viewing for connoisseurs of trash cinema, even if none of the films included are anywhere near as good as it is.
This promising doc fails to capture the Cannon spirit
Electric Boogaloo is never dull, but it rarely feels like more than a lengthy clip reel, lacking Not Quite Hollywood's less broad contextual analysis.
Cannily approximates a channel-surfing quality with its propulsive alternation of clips and interviews.
their dogged pursuit of the bottom line & the lowest common denominator, combined with genuine cinephilia, artistic ambitions & a staggering lack of good taste, would engender delirious genre mashups alongside the odd, unexpected masterpiece.
An absolute must-see for trash cinema aficionados, although anyone with even a passing interest in film will enjoy what's on offer here.
Electric Boogaloo hits a sweet spot of film appreciation that makes it a must-see for cinephiles.
...an interesting yet supremely overstuffed little documentary.
It's impossible to watch Hartley's retrospective and not feel just a modicum of envy when presented with two blunderbuss chancers from Tel Aviv who wanted to make a movie featuring erotica in the trenches, or a blockbuster about arm wrestling, and did.
Yes, this documentary argues, they were crooks and hustlers, but they made amazing cheese and the occasional masterpiece...and you know you miss them.
at its most interesting not as a whistle-stop tour of Cannon's mostly lowest-common-denominator output, but rather as an examination of an industry in flux whose current marketing and methodology Cannon itself helped create, for better or for worse.
An enjoyable (if rather one-note) ride through one of Hollywood's more bizarre eras.
If such an award at [Toronto] existed, the one for the film with the goofiest moments would handily go to Mark Hartley's tell-all, anecdote-a-minute Electric Boogaloo.
Hartley's film is consistently entertaining, if somewhat one-note.
Electric Boogaloo is a superficial examination of the Cannon story, but a hugely entertaining one.
'Electric Boogaloo' is often a deeply entertaining and amusing romp through the annals of trash cinema history. At least initially. Even at a fairly routine 105 minutes, the doc begins to wear out its welcome with its repetitive style and narrative.
The tone of Electric Boogaloo seemed rather condescending towards Cannon... Is there nobody who actually loved Cannon films?
An incredibly entertaining, affectionate look at Cannon Films. Very rewarding for anyone who grew up watching the Chuck Norris-fueled studio output.
"Electric Boogaloo" doesn't tell its story from A to Z, but rather in a digressive, choral fashion that privileges outrageous personal anecdotes over dry historical chronologies.
If you're one of those people who still use the phrase, "It's so bad, it's good," then you'll love this.
(The) Australian director's latest reveals a rich vein of excess and chutzpah that paints a picture of old-school operators steeped in shameless B-movie showmanship.

@highlight

Electric Boogaloo: The Wild, Untold Story of Cannon Films pays tribute to the titular studio with an affectionate look back that's arguably more entertaining than much of Cannon's own B-movie product.