Shaun of the Dead is a cute, successful zombie spoof built on a central joke: if the undead actually came to London, supposedly turned-on town of nattering youth, no one would really notice.
It's nice to see a film where the writing is so immediately brilliant that a certain part of you relaxes.
It may only be April, but what we have here is pretty likely to be the British comedy of the year, its knockout final punchline planting a silly grin on your face that takes some while to fade.
Despite the emphasis on humour, Shaun shows its zombie movie credentials with some impressively gory special effects makeup and a willingness to despatch cast members in an exceptionally gruesome fashion.
Some scenes are too talky, too much like a sitcom, but whenever that threatens to sink the film, the zombies appear and save the day (if you see what I mean).
For everyone who likes good acting and great writing, it's a bloody fun time and a wonderful display of how parody should be done.
If you like Pegg and director Edgar Wright's cult Channel 4 series Spaced, you'll enjoy this deadpan blend of undergraduate humour and hardcore horror, which ransacks George A Romero's Dead saga and virtually every Italian zombie flick for inspiration.
Pegg, who cowrote Shaun with director Edgar Wright, shows off expert timing, whacking punchlines and zombies with equal panache.
Mixing horror and humor is no mean feat, but Shaun Of The Dead tightens throats in fear without making the laughs stick there in the process.
The pasty, scruffy Pegg shows a surprising amount of range for the unlikely hero of a zombie flick.
The movie bogs down and the humor seems to dry up, though the blood continues to well, spurt and spew.
Enough of a pointed study of character that it's more than just a collection of some of the best and most ridiculous jokes in a generation.
Like Romero's best efforts, the movie is motored by a keen observational reality, cleverly twisting the characters' mundane world inch by inch until the real nightmare dawns on them.
Some funny moments, but for adults only.
Pedestrian direction and script sap what anarchic fun this movie could've been
Shaun of the Dead is not only one of the single best zombie movies ever made, but it's also as close to perfect as a film can get.
A modern masterpiece, this is probably altogether the funniest and scariest film I've seen in years...
Comedy and horror are real life partners, of course, and who better to bring all this to life in a zombie movie than the Brits?
Extremely well made but only sporadically engaging...
I think the movie is one of the most hilarious I've ever seen ... But the symbolism and depth of the movie make me appreciate it as a masterpiece.
In this most apocalyptic of genres, Shaun of the Dead is not unlike a ray of unexpected sunshine - even if it has a little red on it.
...not only a loving, teasing homage to the Romero Dead films. It's also a superb zombie film in its own right...
A romantic zombie comedy that tips its hat to George Romero and mines one very funny spoof that doesn't ignore the rules of the zombie horror genre--though it does tamper with them.
Shaun is able to balance the comedy and the gore in a way that will satisfy both zombie genre fans and less bloodthirsty viewers.
The cast make a cosy fit, the patter is still sitcom snappy, but Wright also has the visual snap to carry this saga of backyard apocalypse.
Even when in danger of self-destructing, it cadges laughs with smart lines, silly observations or blokish inside jokes about zombie movies, video games and pub nibbles.
The Office meets Annie Hall meets Night of the Living Dead.
Silly drop-dead sight gags that don't seem to work as well as intended but, nevertheless, offer some humor.
Co-written by director Edgar Wright and star Simon Pegg, this gory zombie satire is filled to the brim with charming English wit.
Writer-director Edgar Wright and co-writer and star Simon Pegg have terrific fun riffing on zombie lore.
What a sheer delight that we now have a romantic comedy that puts false hope where it belongs: in the face of the annihilation of the entire human race.
This is played for laughs, but director Edgar Wright also builds up suspense and dread better than a lot of straight horror flicks
For a comedy, the material is awfully bloody. But it's good, silly fun nonetheless.
A more complex film with a lot more plot and character depth than you would expect of a lowly horror genre film.
The film has gruesome effects that won't disappoint zombie lovers.
Delightfully silly, slathered with gore and yes, even touching at times, Shaun Of The Dead should at the very least highlight Wright and Pegg as the British comedic force to watch for the future.
... who better to trust with your life than someone you wouldn't trust with anything else?
A well executed one-joke movie. But, even it's a good joke, it's only one joke.
A singularity among the clones it so deftly and ingeniously parodies.
a terrific horror movie send-up... even filmgoers who normally shy away from shockers will probably have a good time...
Shaun Of The Dead is quite simply a film you should not miss. A deserved hit in the UK, this hopefully marks a return to form for British cinema.
works hard to find a delicate balancing act between generating tension and humorously subverting it, often in the blink of an eye
It's a funny take on zombie movies that's also an enjoyable social commentary.
It's like The Office except with flesh-eating zombies.
If ever a movie screamed "wait for the video" this is it!
surprisingly endearing...
Shaun of the Dead is either a zombie flick masking as a comedy, or a comedy masking as a zombie flick, or Beautiful Girls masking as a zombie comedy.
The zombie-movie genre already has some wink-wink funny entries, but this U.K. smash hit, written by Pegg and Wright, takes the prize. It's a bloody hoot.
It's more enjoyable than most zombie movies or romantic comedies are in their own rights.
The most original comedy from either side of the pond in years.
It works best when it treats [the zombies] more as an impediment to be overcome by the sheer Britishness of the characters.
It's a comedy. It's a horror film. It's a head-crackin' good time.
The whole outlandish situation is treated with typical English stoicism, leading to some wonderfully funny moments.
Watching this slacker store clerk turn into a master zombie hunter to win the woman he loves is a refreshing way to approach the genre.
[T]the inevitable switch to romance taints the irony that came before like backwash.
... The best comedy and the best horror movie of the first nine months of 2004.
Proves that uplifting romance doesn't have to take a back-seat to gory disembowelments but rather they can happily co-exist.
For those who don't mind a little laughter with their zombies (or perhaps it should be the other way around), this is an unusual source of entertainment.
The success has much to do with director Edgar Wright, who co-wrote the film with comic Pegg, but Pegg is who brings the film to life -- along with Nick Frost as Ed, the dimmest best friend a guy can have.
Successfully blends comedy, horror, suspense, a killer soundtrack, and social commentary into ninety-nine minutes of cinematic sweetness.
Dr. Strangelove, Evil Dead 2, Shaun of the Dead
Much of the film is very funny as it explores the eccentricities and daily routines of these Londoners.
By going over the top on horror and below the belt on humor, this clever British import hits an uproarious cinematic chord.
The comedy quotient makes this more accessible to general audiences than most movies centering on the undead.
A colorful British genre mash-up that crossbreeds the zombified existence of late twentysomething interpersonal ennui with a literal attack of the undead.
Au-delà de la qualité de jeu des acteurs et des textes, les nombreuses références et les divers hommages présents dans le film en font un incontournable.
Shaun of the Dead aims for the head and the funny bone, and scores a major hit with both.
Ineffective as satire, comedy, and horror.
For the satirically inclined, many chuckles are found in the run-up to the survivors' late-in-the-film, unfunny desperation.
This film is like a crossbreeding of George Romero and Mike Leigh. This satire laughs at the tropes of the zombie movie, but even more at the foibles of English life today.
The scares are played with efficiency and sincerity, eliciting laughs because of how far director Edgar Wright is willing to take them.
[Who] said you couldn't have a zombie romantic comedy? Why can't the male lead express his undying devotion for his ladylove by bashing dead people in the head...?
...the second half of the film is just a standard horror movie showdown with a few mildly amusing gags.
Shaun of the Dead isn't as funny as it's purporting to be.
At last a Zombie film hits the big screen with humor and romance.
Un classique du film d'horreur moderne.
Shows not only respect for the zombie genre but respect for the audience...
a fun and exuberant tribute to our favorite zombie movies, and one that deserves to be ranked alongside of them on its own merits.
There's nothing like the end of civilization as we know it to rouse a rudderless slacker into action.
Shaun of the Dead stands up as a horror movie as well as a comedy.
Amid all the blood and gore -- and laughs -- Shaun also has something to say.
As a zombie flick, Shaun is more entertaining than most, with chills, a certain quota of the usual gnawed entrails, and a band of survivors fighting off wave after wave of assault from the undead.
Although genuine frights are in short supply, there's plenty of gory goodness to compensate.
The best male bonding film since Last Orders and the best romantic comedy since Love Actually. Oh, and it's a great zombie flick, too.
We faithful of the Church of Blood and Ultra-gore have been waiting a long, long time for a movie like Shaun of the Dead, at the very least since 1993.
...[a] devilishly dandy flesh-eating farce...uniquely hilarious and horrifying...Shaun and his cannibalistic cohorts will truly get under your skin.
If you like your romance with a few entrails on the side, this was made for you! More emotion and more laughs than you get from most horror movies - best use of zombies ever.
Not only the best zombie film since Romero's earlier work, but also one of the funniest comedies in a long time.
Good-natured enough to recommend it to fans of the genre.
Bill Nighy adds a spark as the detested stepdad, the ghoul make-up is George Romero-worthy, and the final zinger makes it all worthwhile.
Gleefully funny -- and gruesomely gory.
With zombie movies suddenly all the rage, it is refreshing to see at least one of them not drown in earnestness, throwing the entire genre on its head in ways I haven't seen since Jackson did it with Dead Alive over a decade ago.
isn't the sure-fire smash cult flick its advance buzz suggested, but in its own way, it may be a first - a 'cute' zombie flick which employs subtlety in its humor
It's being billed as a zombie romantic comedy, but it's not Rotting Hill - it's definitely a zombie adventure movie first. And it's a hoot and a half!
This is that rare, lucky film that gets to have its brains and eat them, too.
The main problem is that Shaun feels like a high-budget, season-ending, extended-length TV episode. Once the situation itself is milked for laughs, the film falls flat.
'Shaun of the Dead' has that most vital ingredient of any good zombie film, an underlying layer of social commentary that gives the script a brain.
George Romero's zombie trilogy has generated an endless parade of remakes and rip-offs, but this clever British spoof comes closer than many to the bitter satire that makes his movies so distinctive.
It's a knowing look at a perennial pop-movie genre and an ingenious variation on the romantic-comedy theme featuring an appealing and talented cast.
Shaun of the Dead offers a welcome riff on a well-worn horror standard.
Wonderfully original, fast-moving and funny.
If the zombie genre steadfastly refuses to die, we can be grateful to Shaun of the Dead for breathing fresh, diverting life into the form, with subtle visual humor and a smart, impish sense of fun.
Both genuinely funny and authentically horrifying, it puts the average horror comedy to shame.
Plays brilliantly with our familiarity with zombie genre (yes, I actually said that) convention.
A wonderfully funny spoof of zombie movies ... and of the kind of life that can turn a man into the walking dead.
Transforms the unintentional camp of the zombie subgenre into full-on, hilarious comedy.
Enough originality, clever set-ups and witty humor to keep anyone entertained.
A very loving, intelligent addition to the zombie genre.
It's exuberantly, consistently funny.
Zombies or no zombies, this is the funniest film of the year.
Enjoys the weird distinction of being one of the year's funniest comedies and one of the best zombie movies ever made.
It's a dead man's party driven by inspired sight gags, witty repartee and likable, dare we say, cuddly characters.
A drop-dead-funny comedy.
The movie's great joke never wears out its welcome: Many of the living are virtually indistinguishable from the undead.
It's a grisly but sweet ode to friendship, love and the George Romero zombie trilogy.
It's intelligent, funny and utterly disgusting all at once.
Cheeky and unexpectedly charming.
The fact that Shaun of the Dead, a cross between 28 Days Later and Wayne's World, succeeds at all is probably the result of a special alchemy accessible only by its co-writers, Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright (who also directed).
Has its pleasures, which are mild but real.
A British zombie flick that works not because of the crowds of undead, but because the guy trying to exterminate them was himself running out of reasons to live.
...so endlessly clever and bloody hilarious (make that bloody and hilarious)...that it sets a frighteningly high bar for any zombie flicks that lie in its wake.
A zombie movie with a heart and a funny bone - as well as a good many other internal organs.
Right from the clever title... your expectations are up for something different. You won't be disappointed.
Never has the 'silent-but-deadly' [or SBD] been used with such care.
Finally, a good zombie movie with some decent fart jokes.
a bizarre mix of genuine romance, flagrant gore, riotous comedy, and somber drama, opens this weekend as one of the most startlingly successful and odd movies all year
It may want to be, as the British might say, a bloody riot, but in fact it seems to suffer from a case of comedic anemia.
Those witty Brits. They may have lost the overseas colony that became the U.S. of A., but they sure know how to spice up a zombie flick with bloody humor.
Shaun's dry wit, and humor is why it succeeds where most Zombie film's fail. It's the funniest movie of the year.
Who knew pint-glass realism and splatter satire could make for such frighteningly smart fun?
Don't be surprised if this clever entry finds favor with a crossover crowd that couldn't care less about a guilty-pleasure genre but appreciates the cheeky humor on display here.
A diverting little horror romp worth catching.
A cool, savvy zombie romance, replete with witty, dryly sarcastic dialogue under fire.
Witty, energetic and appropriately self-mocking, cheesy fun.
It's frequently laugh-out-loud funny and surprisingly scary.
Spiced with a healthy supply of jokes and enough gross-out gags to keep youthful audiences gagging happily.
'Shaun of the Dead' is that rarest of birds-a film that not only lives up to its considerable hype, it actually exceeds it.
Finally, a great zombie movie! Disguised as a romantic comedy!
It's Dude, Where's My Car? meets 28 Days Later... Perhaps Dude, Where's My Zombie? would be more appropriate.
Ridiculous and heartfelt, it's both the funniest zombie movie and the scariest romantic comedy you're likely to ever see.
British-import "Rom-Zom-Com" has a little undead life to it, but it's definitely a zombie-come-lately.
Like all self-respecting zombie flicks, the oft-funny Shaun of the Dead deals as much with wicked social commentary as it does with gruesome murder and maniacal mayhem.
It not only functions as a parody of the genre, it works as a straight-up entry, and ends up being a loving homage.
The most entertaining horror movie set in the British Isles since An American Werewolf in London.
There's something delicious about seeing a bunch of post-Thatcher North Londoners slowly learn to distinguish between their customarily low-yield environment and an epidemic of grave-defying cannibalism.
with the exception of Romero's trilogy -- the Godfather of zombie movies -- this is the best zombie movie ever made.
You're aware the filmmakers have paid attention over the years and even if you haven't, Shaun of the Dead is still a bloody blast.
While there are laughs and inspired moments, the comedic aspect almost disappears at the height of the movie, in favour of the goriest events I can remember in recent cinema.
Casting Bill Nighy as a zombie -- or more accurately, a zombie to be -- may not be precisely innovative, but it's clever and wholly enjoyable.
By treating the genre as a joke, this satire, whose title plays off George A. Romero's 1979 golden oldie, Dawn of the Dead, yields ironic dramatic dividends.
Arguably the most intelligent, hilarious sendup of the horror genre seen in decades.
This movie is destined for cult greatness. See it now and you can say -- honestly, for once -- that you were there in the beginning.
Zombie movies have been spoofed before, but this one lurches to the top of the list on the strength of its twisted British wit and oh-so-clever mix of laughs and horror.
I love George Romero's zombie pictures, and I love deadpan English humor, but I had no idea that the two would mesh as happily as they (mostly) do in Shaun of the Dead.
An exuberant, fresh and funny romantic comedy that just kind of happens to feature the living dead.
Sure, there are rotting, gory corpses in Shaun of the Dead, but they are the wittiest rotting, gory corpses you'll ever see.
Its secret is the same one that keeps us interested in the better examples of the movies it pillories: The writers, director and actors make us care about Shaun and his friends.
Members of the cast, most of whom hail from British TV sitcoms, have crackerjack comedic timing, and their characters have been written so well you'd watch them with or without zombies.
Screamingly funny.
There is gore aplenty for those who like to look at it, and a bounty of winking jokes for those who would prefer to laugh at it.
Makes the best use of zombies since Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' video.
The filmmakers, clearly fans of the genre, have got the zom and the com parts down cold.
Playing the stereotypical twentysomething everyman, Pegg has a disarming fragility that evokes a bit of empathy from anyone ever stuck in a rut.
...at once a splatterfest and a satiric generational statement.
Shaun of the Dead is good, goofy fun, but given the attendant hype...there may be a danger of excessively high expectations from horror fans.
Pegg e Frost formam uma dupla cômica brilhante e o roteiro oferece inúmeras piadas que, apesar de não exatamente brilhantes, são inspiradas o bastante para provocar o riso.
the film is brilliantly subversive and funny with great reactions from Pegg and Frost as they portray the two most idiotic zombie fighters ever seen on film.
The biggest surprise (and asset) here is Pegg, who imbues the slightly daft Shaun with a good nature and bigger heart, providing the film with a central figure you actually care about.
A traditional zombie film introduced as a romantic-comedy and infected with a sly British-cum-"The Simpsons" intelligence and sensibility.
Laudable inventiveness and satirical daggers that stick it to the aimless, video game addicted slacker generation.
...a film in which all the sad compromises of adulthood are symbolized by a pressing need to lop off your undead neighbor's rotting head with a cricket bat. Nicely done.
A film geek's dream come true... Shaun is a delightful romp through bloody entrails and pints of beer.
A guaranteed gut-buster for anyone even vaguely familiar with the fundamentals of zombiedom.
A fun outing that somehow never really quite takes off . . .
A smart, cultish, semi-disgusting homage to the fine British art of not bothering.
rife with finely observed lunacy as our dim-witted hero attempts to save the day armed with little more than a cricket bat and . . . the body language of an agitated gerbil
Taken on its own shaky legs it's a wittier genre coda than Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein.
Impeccable performances...crack timing...Horror plaudits aside, Shaun of the Dead is out in front as the funniest comedy of the year.
Shaun of the Dead is by far one of the most entertaining horror movies (and comedies!) I've seen all year!
This is a zombie movie with brains. Or, as the zombies themselves would put it, with braainnnnssss.
Shaun of the Dead's splattering of scatological jokes and goofy gruesomeness never fully congeals.
Though I prefer the hard-core zombie scares of Danny Boyle's 28 Days Later, Pegg and Wright -- who are rumored to resemble a real-life Shaun and Ed -- keep the blood and the laughs gushing.
Shaun of the Dead is an unexpected double joy: an unmissable English movie about the undead which is far from braindead and, simultaneously, a beautifully observed, very funny comedy.
One of the funniest movies of the year!
The amusing but inconsistent Shaun of the Dead is a marriage made in hell.
Not only is Shaun of the Dead one of the funniest movies you'll see all year, but, as the ads helpfully point out, it's also a terrific romantic comedy... with zombies.
Intelligently wicked and bloodily appealing in an agile sort of way.
Shaun of the Dead will appeal to audiences of all ages and tastes, and is a fine example of British comedy done well.
One of the best romantic zombie comedies ever!
A clever spoof film that's actually well-written, witty, dynamically shot and edited, thankfully lacking the mentality of expelled phlegm.
There are certainly touches that only the homegrown crowd will get, but there's sufficient energy and scattershot horror movie references that it should please fans of gross-out humor everywhere.
It is, in terms of pacing, comic references and home furnishings, an undeniably British production, and hugely enjoyable for it.
Desperate, dull and enough to have Romero's zombies spinning in their graves. Well, more than usual, anyway.
What separates Shaun of the Dead from the likes of Scary Movie and makes it twice as effective is the fact that it never resorts to cheap parody.
A tale of terror set in leafy London suburbs, Shaun Of The Dead is not only the funniest zombie movie for years but also, without a doubt, the best.
Highly recommended.
'a raging success at pretty much everything it does.'
The film offers homage to zombie films with a Pythonesque lilt.
Nightmarish for all the right reasons.
British comedy that is actually funny. Not only that, but it's clever, funny, anarchic, funny and refreshing. And it's funny too.
A side-splitting, head-smashing, gloriously gory horror comedy.
Pegg and Wright brilliantly send up both the zombie genre and British society by showing how mindless everyday life is--there are zombies all around us!
Co-scripters Pegg and Wright structure it as a classic three-acter (set-up, journey, finale) with enough twists, character development and small set pieces to keep the comedy boiling.
Idiosyncratic and strangely sweet.

@highlight

Shaun of the Dead cleverly balances scares and witty satire, making for a bloody good zombie movie with loads of wit.