The ending has some plotting issues-much of this perfect execution seems to rest on coincidence and/or the intelligence level of the law types dealing with it-but everything up to it is well-made and entertaining. A fine summer rental.
It doesn't seem to play to his strengths yet it's a perfect crucible for Spike to explore his pet themes of race and class in the lumpy melting pot of New York City and a great set-up for what he does best...
The lack of characterization of the robbers, while true to the structure of the story, makes it seem a bit flat. At the end of the day, it's not really about anything; it's just a bunch of stuff that happens. But it's a bunch of stuff that's fun to watch.
An intelligent, invigoratingly airtight caper and a love letter to New York on crumpled, coffee-stained paper, "Inside Man" is the best kind of Spike Lee joint - one where he doesn't stumble over his sledgehammer before swinging it.
A limp ride that, for all the shove of the camera and the grabby intimations of buried corruption, is no different from a John McTiernan Joint
... remains consistently watchable as a mechanical exercise.
With great performances by Washington, Ejiofor, and Owen, this is a bank robbery thriller that will keep you in your seat.
Since bankrupting his film production company with dreadful movies like "Bamboozled" and "He Hate Me" Spike Lee now works as a Hollywood gun-for-hire creating a blasé and muddy suspense police drama.
Inside Man is the Spike Lee film for people who don't go to see Spike Lee films, and it's also a fun treat for people who see everything the man does.
An enjoyable, polished thriller, ideal for Friday night entertainment.
[A] wily thriller, which revitalizes a familiar premise by turning it inside out.
As unexpected as some of its plot twists is the fact that this unapologetic genre movie was directed by Spike Lee, who has never sold himself as Mr. Entertainment. But here it is, a Spike Lee joint that's downright fun.
[Lee] nails the irritable yet alive soul of New York -- particularly, now, New York post-9/11 -- better than anyone else.
With a few notable exceptions, there's little of Mr. Lee's trademark style anywhere to be seen. And he is sorely missed.
the apotheosis of its genre, honing the heist siege flick to the perfection of a diamond. See it, and be dazzled.
Supremely annoying and nonsensical.
It's okay, if you like investing two hours in a whodunit only to discover that a butler who was barely in the picture did it.
This is the fourth time that Lee has directed Washington, and they have become as great a team as Robert DeNiro and Martin Scorsese.
Yes, Lee did a contract job -- but that doesn't mean he slapped his coat of paint onto someone else's house.
The movie bristles with life with the meeting of people from different races. It's a Spike Lee joint after all, and it's at its most entertaining when reflecting these tensions.
Un policial interesante y algo original, con comentario socio-político incluido. Al final le sobran facilismos y algunos cabos sueltos, pero las buenas actuaciones y la mano del director lo compensan.
A hugely entertaining heist film, with a refreshingly straightforward plot, excellent characters, and just the right amount of Spike's snarky class/racial digs.
Bankers gone wild ...
A heist movie that feels more real than many that have come before it yet feels as much like a movie as anything.
A great example of smart high-concept escapism. Strong performances, believable characters and an interesting and well-paced premise keeps you compelled throughout
A slick, kinetic and relatively straightforward -- which is to say enjoyably twisty-turny -- tranche of cat-and-mouse procedural.
...a clever, stylish and highly entertaining concoction of plot twists and character quirks that elevates itself above similar fare.
Inside Man is smart and funny and a movie for grown folks. You know what I mean?
It tried so hard to be a smart flick that it outsmarted itself.
[Screenwriter Russel] Gewirtz and Lee cleverly build suspense with flash-forwards to police interviews after the incident, and Lee gets sharp performances from his high-pedigree cast.
Well-acted, occasionally tense, and intriguing at times but mostly pat and predictable NYPD Blue screen stuff.
I enjoyed this film from beginning to end and was never really bored at any point.
This isn't the kind of story that can really occupy the full length of a feature film, unless of course you're fooled into believing something more actually happened.
The Spike Lee touches carry some of the weight, but sometimes they're merely distracting. They're just barely enough to overcome the film's problematic plot.
With Inside Man director Spike Lee takes a break from social commentaries to put forward a highly entertaining and unexpectedly funny genre film.
Not even viewers will understand the scope of the robbery until the final minutes of the film, which is a tribute to [director Spike] Lee and first-time screenwriter Russell Gewirtz.
Pretty Good if you Can Put Up with Spike's Broad Strokes.
Spike Lee's auteur stamp of keeping-it-real dialogue and cross-racial, cross-class themes lets Inside Man pretend it's about more than a clever caper.
Solid genre effort.
...a straight-forward (yet undeniably overlong) piece of work.
For a film built on surprises, perhaps the biggest, and best one of all is just how good Inside Man is.
Once the parameters of the script are set, Lee can settle down to what he does best: document the often prickly interactions of as many different New Yorkers as can fit into the story.
I gloried in the sheer spectacle of Jodie Foster as Madeline White, an exquisitely groomed, fearlessly feline fixer striding on her high heels and her high horse into one supposedly perilous situation after another.
Everyone is acting in a different film, and not one of them is in a Spike Lee Joint. But it's such a consistent oddity that it's never fighting to hold our attention.
This is an ingeniously crafted, expertly constructed mini-masterpiece.
Supremely annoying and nonsensical.
Spike Lee is responsible for the best heist film to hit the big screen in years.
Thrillers are rarely so well conceived; Inside Man is a must-see.
Not nearly as tricky as it thinks it is.
An enjoyably twisty thriller with strong performances and a sharply written script.
...the sort of commercial thriller that Hollywood thrives on...and a damned good one at that. Lee changes gears with barely a hitch.
Like a 1940s director assigned to an improbable thriller, Lee finds ways to transform the material so it reflects not just his personality but the tensions of the times.
New York is everywhere in Spike Lee's sharp, new, genre-bending movie. Not just in the sweeping-through-the-streets or the creeping-along-the-sidewalks shots, but also inside the Manhattan bank where the film is mostly set.
We've come to expect more from a Lee-Washington joint than by-the-book cat-and-mouse charades.
Like everything [Lee] does, it resonates with the buzz and hum of New Yorkers getting on one another's nerves.
This solid thriller helmed by Spike Lee features an outstanding cast, a smart screenplay and interesting characters.
Inside Inside Man, you'll find a lineup of the usual suspects in a bank caper, from a cool mastermind to a dogged detective. Now if only Lee could have stolen a third act to go along with all the attitude.
Spike Lee has taken a heist movie plot and infused it with racial tensions and political edginess
The ultimate cleverness of it isn't revealed until the very last maraschino of information is dropped on the top. Delicious!
A slow-burning, old school thriller about executing the perfect crime (and enjoying every minute of it).
The flaw that can't be gotten around is the utter mismatch of such potboiler material with Lee's plodding, self-important directorial style.
An almost absurdly pleasurable and well-crafted entertainment...
May not be the incendiary filmmaker's best, but it just might be his most purely enjoyable and sophisticated.
While delivering the goods with a thriller premise, Lee is once again more interested in making astute observations about contemporary society, especially as it relates to a post-9/11 mind-set.
I still want Spike Lee to make the challenging independent features for which he has become well known. However, as a detour into more mainstream filmmaking, Inside Man is genuinely satisfying.
It's very satisfying.
Entertains, but the plot is holey, holey, holey!
Great direction, acceptable amount of implausibilities. Grabs the viewer from the outset, strongly engages, but slips in intensity nearer to the end.
The dog-eat-dog hustle is an interesting backbone for Lee, but the movie is too understated for its own complexity.
Hallelujah! Spike Lee is back to his old tricks with Inside Man, his own quirky vision of a classic heist movie, complete with that certain Big Apple flair.
Lee is less interested with the machinations of the heist than he is with making Inside Man both an indictment of the old money that built his beloved city and a love letter to the melting pot's residents.
Inside Man is not only one of Spike Lee's best films to date but also his most sure-fire attempt at catching that elusive mainstream audience.
Inside Man offers an intriguing yarn that explores power and ethnicity with snappy humor.
The pacing is a bit slow, but the mystery pulls you through it.
Straightforward, solid bank heist thriller that's filled with stylish patter and moral ambiguity.
Undistinguished but entertaining.
The filmmaker seems to be patting himself on the back for being so smart to put this heist pic over without playing by the rules of the genre.
A police drama on the surface, Inside Man exudes wit and sophistication and challenges an audience to guess at the
Above all, the aural soundscape of this film is outstanding, from the sound recording and editing to the inspired score by Terence Blanchard.
It has real tension and yet finds places to interject a little humor... it's not your average heist movie or cop flick.
Um filme tenso e intrigante que, além de contar com personagens interessantes, confere cores novas ao surrado subgênero "assalto a banco".
Even past the midway point, it's all working -- it's taut, it's funny, it's trenchant, it's stylish. And then it isn't.
The most entertaining thriller to come out of Hollywood in a long while.
Lee lends tremendous energy to this tale of criminals who take over a New York City bank.
As a Spike Lee joint, this heist-and-hostage yarn blows some vivid rings but it lacks kick.
Inside Man has an abundance of riches.
Inside Man is a potboiler, but an intriguing one; perhaps Lee should go Hollywood more often.
Inside Man is an exercise in showy, cynical hollowness.
It's a winning contrast of styles as Lee orchestrates one scene after another to contrast Owen's steely resolve, Washington's trained swagger and Foster's venomous insinuation.
Hugely entertaining, the film strikes a near-flawless balance between sly pop-culture allusions and the details of how business gets done under pressure.
Exceptionally well written with clever twists and witty dialogue by first-time screenwriter Russell Gewirtz, Inside Man is adroitly executed by director Spike Lee.
There's a hidden agenda at play in Inside Man, the thrilling new heist film that is Spike Lee's most accessible and exciting mainstream film in at least a decade.
Don't be misled by the hyped-up trailers for Inside Man: This is not your average nail-biter of a heist flick, but a clever and witty throwback to the character-driven crime dramas of the 1970s.
Although there are tons of holes to step in, you can't help but to want to like this movie.
Intercutting post-robbery interrogation scenes with the action at hand, makes Inside Man a substantial and satisfying affair.
...if `Inside Man' benefits more from Lee than he does from it, at least moviegoers come out ahead in the bargain.
It's a solid piece of work, likely to result in what could be Lee's biggest Hollywood payday.
It's a leisurely stroll through the caper genre, with twists aplenty.
It's time to rethink Spike. After several films that felt like wheel-spinning, he pops up at a big studio with Inside Man, his most broadly effective film since 1995's Clockers.
Lee seems less interested in scoring easy sociological points than ratcheting up the stakes of Gewirtz's cunning heist scenario, which offers little in the way of wiggle room for latecomers.
Lee has fun with his camera tricks, tossing in a few side comments about New York's polyglot racial makeup, and creating smart cat-and-mouse moments for his actors.
Inside Man is the sort of movie that makes you think. The big star heist thriller is coiled in tricky turns of plot.
Inside Man, a crackling, twisty thriller about a bank heist that shows he [Spike Lee] can make an expensive, mainstream movie that's every bit as well-crafted as the personal, arty films to which he has devoted most of his career.
Lee takes the usual potshots at this stewpot of race, power and politics. Only here it's effective as part of the story, as opposed to when it's wielded like a tire iron in the context of a polemic.
There is a first time for everything, and Inside Man is the first best film of this year.
Unexpectedly funny, leisurely paced and oblivious to the demands of its genre, Inside Man has a loose, playful vibe that's at odds with its grave life-and-death scenario.
Inside Man crackles with intelligence while never insulting yours, serving up a how'd-they-do-it caper you'll love trying to figure out.
As caper movies go, Inside Man is a botched job. But it's almost always interesting until the end and that counts for something.
A throwback to the classic heist flicks of the '70s but with a 21st-century sensibility, Inside Man is the kind of twisty, cerebral thriller that they don't make any more.
Inside Man may be a genre flick, but its direction is certifiably Lee -- sprinkled with trademark themes and visual cues, including his specialty, the strapped-to-a-factory-belt dolly shot.
Inside Man brings Lee back into the mainstream while still letting him have some fun, and he passes that fun on to the audience.
Inside Man gives us back the stuff that once made Lee's movies entertaining: the snappy, sassy dialogue, the hip attitude, the obvious insight into the racial divide.
As much a mystery as it is a suspense-thriller, this bank-heist film combines elements from both Dog Day Afternoon and The Usual Suspects. And as odd as that may sound, the experiment works most of the time.
Lee has directed Inside Man, a thriller with a big-league cast, a New York mind-set and some of the best storytelling the director has done to date.
The gritty/chic style makes it a fun ride, from the beginning to the pseudo-surprising end.
At just over two hours, Inside Man earns every minute of our tense curiosity.
In a way this film does for Lee what Match Point did for Woody Allen: It shows that the creative fire still burns in the belly of its maker.
Go with the flow, and it remains a taut and well-engineered thriller. Poke at plot incongruities, as I was doing literally on the way to the parking lot, and it starts to unravel.
The core of Inside Man is a sharp caper/thriller that's well-crafted by director Spike Lee and his group of collaborators.
This is a gentler [Spike] Lee here, leading us through an involved thriller carried by a top notch cast.
The basic story is elemental, but because Lee and Gewirtz invest it with grit, comedy, and a ton of New York ethnic personality, it's fresh anyway.
Cat-and-mouse thriller meets shaggy dog tale in Inside Man, an all-star heist drama with more -- and less -- on its mind than meets the eye.
By the time everything is resolved, we've been through one heck of a roller coaster ride.
A great writing debut from Russell Gewirtz that's deftly handled by Lee and the great cast.
I never wanna have to say something like this, particularly about a movie featuring such delicious specimens of manliness as both Clive Owen and Denzel Washington, but Inside Man is a lousy lay.
It is an old-fashioned tell-me-a-good-story-and-let-me-be-entertained thrill ride, and while no one would ever confuse Lee's latest with one of his best it is still an effort worthy of exuberant praise.
Lee has matured into a much subtler force behind the camera, content to let the story unfold before him without thrusting himself into the spotlight as well.
...a rich, satisfying thriller that demonstrates it is still possible to make a major Hollywood film that isn't a remake, a sequel, or based on a TV show or comic book.
Inside Man tries to be more - more socially relevant, more racially sensitive, more politically saturated - than it really should.
Lee's direction and masterful handling of an intricate plot are impressive on their own, but what's most refreshing about Man is its sense of humor.
An extraordinary movie about power, amorality, ethics, and urban living, by director Spike Lee at the height of his talent.
In this tricky suspense story, nothing is exactly what it seems to be; Lee delights in finding the unexpected complexities in what might have been a standard heist movie.
Thanks to smart direction from Lee, generally top-notch performances from a stellar cast, and pungent dialogue from first-time screenwriter Gewirtz, it feels even smarter than it is.
An intelligent fast-paced urban cops-and-robbers bank heist flick that keeps its delightful twist-riddled ending properly hidden, while hinting just enough to keep suspense junkies jonesin' to last frame.
Not the kind of strongly polarizing work that the filmmaker has done in the past, but that makes it no less significant. It's a subtle tour de force.
With juicy supporting roles for Chiwetel Ejiofor and Willem Dafoe as Washington's fellow officers, the film works best when the characters are just sitting back and shooting the breeze.
You go home satisfied -- but not blown away -- and the movie never crosses your mind again.
An assured work that hits most of the right notes, Inside Man updates a genre piece with post 9/11 urgency.
Retains all the elements of a solid caper film, basked in the smarts of a decades old police procedural and leaves us with something greater than forced twists and shoot-outs.
Inside Man is the smart, challenging, exciting movie many have been waiting for.
If it's not a great thriller, then at least it's a different thriller... and "different" carries pleasures all its own.
The film is tremendous entertainment, and it's an utter joy to see Spike back in action, but the filmmaker can't control himself completely, and he exits Inside Man on an infuriating whimper.
With Inside Man -- an ostensibly straightforward, old-fashioned heist movie -- Spike Lee brings together the old New York and the new.
A film that swaggers.
This is the best big studio effort so far this year.
Spike Lee's brilliant direction and a clever and surprising script from first-timer Russell Gewirtz provide an ideal setting for four of the most watchable actors in the business in a heist film that transcends and tweaks its genre.
Lee is a bona fide cinematic genius, and his lively and inventive take on tired material proves that thriller corn needn't be mindless in its machinations.
It's intense fun that never slows down or takes the easy way out, making it one of the coolest films of the year so far.
A witty, cat-and-mouse thriller loaded with charisma and nuance.
Inside Man is a deft and satisfying entertainment, an elegant, expertly acted puzzler that is just off-base and out-of-the-ordinary enough to keep us consistently involved.
If the idea of Denzel Washington playing such a weirdo isn't in itself enough to convince you to see this film, then frankly I don't want to know you.
Lee just doesn't seem to have the knack or verve to bring off this kind of highly plot-driven Usual Suspects-style puzzle movie.
The film grabs you from the beginning and never lets go.
Inside Man marries some ingenious caper ideas to Lee's superb feel for ethnic politics.
Inside Man is adult, contemporary, and completely relaxed.
Inside Man, directed by Spike Lee, works because it takes a familiar setup a Wall Street bank heist that mutates into a hostage crisis and twists it ever so slightly.
A star-powered heist flick with a number of good surprises up its sleeve, Inside Man is more concerned with entertaining the audience than lecturing at them.
Here is a thriller that's curiously reluctant to get to the payoff, and when it does, we see why: We can't accept the motive and method of the bank robbery, we can't believe in one character and can't understand another.
It's certainly a Spike Lee film, but no Spike Lee Joint. Still, he's delivered a pacy, vigorous and frequently masterful take on a well-worn genre.
Lee has created a truly original film from various shopworn genre cliché, chief among them, the New York City bank heist/hostage standoff gone awry.
This one's a Spike-for-hire affair, a case of a flashy director juicing up a first-time screenwriter's efforts.
Inside Man, which was scripted by Russell Gewirtz, is not a model of storytelling, even though it is somewhat redeemed by its fresh take and trick ending.
The normally subversive Spike Lee takes a rare genial tack.
If any old director-for-hire had made Inside Man it would have been a pretty good thriller. But Spike Lee makes it into something extraordinary.
A deft, tense, pure thriller, the movie has great star turns and is brilliantly directed, but it began as an extremely well-crated screenplay by Russell Gewirtz.
The geometric precision with which this clever puzzle is laid out produces a picture whose sum exceeds its sometimes wayward parts.
As Inside Man works its way toward its satisfying finale, Lee trusts that we're smart enough to work some things out for ourselves.
This is a filmmaker who has something to say, and knows how to say it. As creative rebirths go, it's a lot more fun than you might expect.
Viewers may be surprised at the smoothness with which the frequently bombastic Spike Lee navigates the mainstream.
Nobody's on automatic here, least of all the director, who's probably delivered the most impersonal -- but smoothly Hollywood-style professional -- movie of his career.
If Inside Man isn't the best movie Lee has done, it's probably the most purely exciting and enjoyable.
The climax doesn't just spell out every surprise plot turn, but italicizes and underlines them too, and then puts to use a yellow highlighter for solid measure.
[Lee's] most complete picture in over a decade.
Sharp-witted screenplay, terrific performances, and a very smart plot.
Spike Lee gets downright entertaining in a buddy suspense thriller you won't figure out until the lights come up in the multiplex.
Not terribly deep as insights go, but when Spike connects on one of his roundhouses, it feels like the gospel.
Isn't much more than a conventional cat-and-mouse tale...but so handsomely mounted, well cast and expertly crafted that it's far more enjoyable than it has any right to be.
So languid is the story that Washington, under Lee's easygoing guidance, often has to power through the scenes by dint of sheer will.
Spike Lee's latest joint is a workmanlike thriller that provides solid performances; a mixture of comedy, tension, and drama; and an engaging storyline.
One of the better heist films of the last decade.
Perhaps not Lee's dullest "joint," it's nonetheless one of his most sloppily rolled.
An over-clever, underwhelming caper that's largely undeserving of its director and cast.
Spike Lee knows how to coax novelty out of conventional drama.
Although it never quite reaches the level of Dog Day Afternoon or The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, it exhibits a lot more personality and wit than most commercial movies these days.
In the age of low-budget independent grab-a-flicks, this high-powered waste of time proves what superior talents have to do now to collect an occasional big-studio Hollywood paycheck.
Washington and Owen are clearly having a lot of fun making the movie, and their enjoyment is certainly infectious.
Inside Man is a hybrid of studio action pic and Spike Lee joint. Or else it's a cross between a 2006 Spike Lee joint and a 1970s-style movie indictment of urban unease.
Spike's distinctive filmmaking style meshes wonderfully with this whip-smart story and his cast of talented actors. The result is one of the best crime thrillers in years.
Technically excellent, performed to perfection, the film delivers as an above average thriller, with not only a satisfactory big picture, but full of rewarding cinematic details.
The cop gets a lesson he never expected and we get a many layered, out-of-genre experience.
This enjoyable exercise in popcorn pyrotechnics demonstrates that Lee can be relied on to attack the clichés set before him with gusto.
Washington has the kind of star quality other actors would die for: unfakeable cool.
Until Inside Man, it didn't seem possible Spike Lee could make a dull film.
The more it sags as a thriller, the more it jabs and jangles as a study of racial abrasion.
A flashy cast, clever script and vibrant showcasing of New York City as the ultimate melting pot are strong plusses for Spike Lee's most mainstream studio venture.
This is the mother lode all action/suspense directors search for and Lee, who usually doesn't work in that genre, has hit it.
Lee, like Croneberg (History of Violence), has taken a familiar genre-the heist/perfect crime-and injected into it new elements and his authorial vision, resulting his best film in a decade.






@highlight

Spike Lee's energetic and clever bank-heist thriller is a smart genre film that is not only rewarding on its own terms, but manages to subvert its pulpy trappings with wit and skill.