Miike coolly combines a lavish historical epic with a cheeky romp, undermining over-serious action machismo with vividly knotty characters.
... 140 minutes have rarely added up to this much insanely wacked-out fun.
Boasting stunning action sequences, along with gorgeous direction, cinematography, production design, and costumes, Blade of the Immortal is a thrilling samurai adventure that will delight fans of Miike's work, as well as fans of the genre in general.
Blade of the Immortal is Miike's hyper-violent self at its finest and it proves that he is just as capable now as he has ever been.
... a classic story of revenge where a girl tries to eliminate those who killed their father with the help of an "immortal" warrior. [Full review in Spanish]
So if you're here for lots of sword work, acrobatic fighting and gruesome amputations, leavened by some wry humor and fantastic costumes, you're at the right place.
This Japanese samurai fantasy film with buckets of blood and coffins full of severed limbs, as well as some humor and a lot of sword fighting action, is brought to you by those who made '13 Assassins.'
An imaginative, gory, frenetic samurai carve-em-up, there's an irresistible energy about the project from the get-go.
I've a high tolerance for samurai films, but Blade of the Immortal did not charm me.
In its own way, it's a movie with plenty of imagination, but the gory progress from fight to fight to fight is monotonous, and the running time is quite demanding for those of us stuck with finite lifespans.
It's a stylish slash fest, which delivers visceral thrills along with quietly striking moments of beauty.
This is gory, violent, often extremely witty and completely relentless.
Overlong but stylish and arresting.
Striding vigorously through 141 minutes of Miike's largesse, Blade is arguably too much of a good thing. But hey, that's immortality for you.
It's lots of fun and ridiculously violent, but the running time means it eventually becomes wearisome.
Even at a patience-stretching two-hour-plus running time, the mayhem Miike unleashes is deliriously inventive.
The point of it all? Nothing more than a flash of steel in the darkness, it seems.
[An] expansive and surreally violent supernatural action movie; you could almost call it an undead samurai picaresque.
Truly epic.
Stylish, soaked in gore, and unconventional, it's another winner from Miike. Here's to the next hundred. At his current rate, that should be in 2025.
Stylistically, save for a few acrobatic leaps and jumps, the swordplay is more akin to that found in traditional samurai films than those in the 'wire-fu' films that saw a rise in prominence in western cinemas at the turn of the century.
Takashi has lost none of his eye-popping style, blood-soaked energy and madcap wit. This is a groaning sashimi board of slice'n'dice carnage that's decidedly not for the faint of stomach.
This slice-and-dice epic has soul.
One of the few directors who can play a multi-sword evisceration for laughs, Miike has served up another frenetic joy.
It's not for the easily offended. However the unlikely combination of ultra-violence and compassion may just slash its way to your heart.
The 100th film by Takashi Miike is a stylish, bloody action epic in the same vein as his 13 Assassins.
Blade of the Immortal's best element proves to be its main character, whose deadpan, long-suffering demeanor gives the film its final touch of welcome absurdity.
A spectacular refinement of the prolific auteur's finest strengths.
There's philosophy under the surface.
The 100th film by Takashi Miike is, by his own account, something of a "mash-up" of previous work. Given that his work is largely about mashing things up, the 56-year-old director is right in his wheelhouse.
Swords are drawn, guts are spilled, and so forth, but it feels as if the man who made the all-timers Ichi the Killer and Dead or Alive 2: Birds is merely going through the motions.
Even at his most casual, Miike's blade is way sharper than most.
Based on the manga by Hiroaki Samura, it's a spectacular, energetic and almost exhausting samurai actioner that splatters itself across the screen with Miike's signature enthusiasm.
Takashi Miike, who, in adapting Hiroaki Samura's manga, knows this kind of material and this genre from front to back, blindfolded and, no doubt, even if one hand were cut off-but doesn't prevent him from having great fun making it.
A bloated and messy supernatural action pic.
it delivers for Miike devotees, although the film itself needs to be sliced.
It's thrilling and touching and absurd, sprawling and intimate and severe, and never less than uninhibited. In short: it's a mad Miike film through and through.
Blade of the Immortal lacks depth as a quest for redemption narrative, but makes for good (and very bloody) pulpy fun in Miike's skillful hands.
The fantastical elements are suitably cartoonish, but they're set in a world that's down to earth and grimy, and contains violence that's very bloody.
This results in an adaptation that should be an exciting film of revenge and redemption, but feels like a quirky slog of a chambara film that we've seen before, but with extra blood.
If you like your violence cartoonish, your action expertly choreographed, your fight scenes to be old-fashioned limb-chopping orgies of blood and gore... I reckon you'll come out of Blade of the Immortal more than happy. I did
It is being touted as "Miike's 100th film" and, while one could argue whether the numbering is strictly correct, it's close enough to be reasonable. Here's to another 100.
...a wild ride. Miike's visuals have to be appreciated as Manji does battle with constantly inventive weaponry against an array of increasingly ridiculous, but entertaining foes.
It's a redemption tale, but one where forgiveness and vengeance and understanding alike are achieved via the edges of so many sharpened swords.
A terrific samurai thriller with depth of character, and even deeper pools of blood.
If you're in the mood for a couple hours' worth of absolutely off-the-wall immortal samurai action, you could do far worse than this.
A faithful adaptation of a classic manga that drags at times but offers enough exciting moments at others to make it worthwhile.
It's that balance of Miike's experience with his retained childlike energy in making a kick-ass samurai movie that keeps this journey engaging.
The director's 100th feature, Blade of the Immortal shows Miike to have lost none of the madcap energy and wit that characterize his best work. And while this is not that, it's still got more style to burn than almost any recent Hollywood actioner.
Beneath scars and a weary expression, Kimura's quite convincing in the lead, with each new confrontation seeming to confirm his darkest view of humanity.
Miike retains his twisted sense of humor, with mangling and disemboweling deployed for comic effect. And after 99 movies, he certainly knows how to make action memorable.
Marvel Studios probably won't be hiring Takashi Miike to direct his take on any of its properties any time soon. But Blade Of The Immortal makes that seem like an exciting idea.
If splattering blood in film is an art form, the Japanese director Takashi Miike is Jackson Pollock -- and his 100th movie as director, the samurai movie Blade of the Immortal, is one of the most viscerally energetic action flicks around.
"Blade" goes for the carotid while offering a classic look and a comic-book story. It's part Kurosawa, part "X-Men," part "Ichi the Killer."
Not often do you encounter a movie about slicing, dicing samurai vivisecting each other into gory chunks that is also a thing of beauty.
Not a significant creative departure for Miike, but it does utilize his gifts for blunt aggression and screen style well.
Though not nearly as mindful or meaty as Mr. Miike's 2011 triumph, "13 Assassins," "Blade" is creatively gory fun.
How does a good director like Takashi misfire so badly?
Come for the gory swordplay, stay for the half-serious melodrama.
Blade of the Immortal is flat-out gorgeous.
Miike has a flair for depicting cruelty and violence, and such talent is usually rewarded, especially in the service of tales of strife-filled ancient Japan.
...a gruesome, 2 1/2 hour slash 'n burn thrill that is like Wolverine if he were born in ancient Japan.
Why would legendary Japanese director Takashi Miike want to adapt the big-screen version of Hiroaki Samura's mega-selling manga Blade of the Immortal? Because he's Takashi Miike, and that's reason enough.
Blade of the Immortal is Takashi Miike's 100th film. Perhaps he, too, feels like an ageless warrior who can't possibly be harmed each time he gets behind the camera. And while this new effort may lack for originality, it certainly has its share of pluck.
Blade of the Immortal is a work of robust genre craftsmanship that's informed with a sly sense of self-interrogation.
What I daresay is the most violent samurai epic ever struck off by the hand of man.
[A]n interminable samurai gorefest... [Never] deviate[s] from its one emotional and tonal note, a sort of gray resignation that takes no fun in over-the-top vengeance.
A typically mind-boggling tour de force from Miike that echoes both "True Grit" and "The Wolfman".
Miike has his own wicked sense of humour and while there is plenty of stunning fight choreography; the real draw is Manji's relationship with the little girl.
It's gruelling, yet strangely refreshing.
This epic is a case of too too much, in the bad way.
[Blade of the Immortal] is chaotic, utterly insane and ultimately a blast, even if it is a bit of a meaningless mess.
Even as it gets a good thing going, there's just too much of it, turning something that should be a total slam dunk into an often frustrating slog.
Blade Of The Immortal is as charming as it is violent.
A colossal histrionic carnage that will present a twist in the vengeful dilemma about good, evil and justification of violence. [Full review in Spanish]
Everything leaves the bittersweet feeling that the story and the director could gave much more. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite the high body count, Blade of the Immortal is both extremely funny and very warm.
The 100th feature by genre master Takashi Miike transcends conventions of Japanese swordplay films with both fantasy and graphic violence.
One of Takashi Miike's most lethal works.
Further proof that of all the genres he dabbles in, samurai cinema is the one that brings out the grandest entertainer in Miike. Here's to 100 more.
Miike is on fine form, never losing his sense of humour, or sense of character, even as yet another axe is embedded in yet another skull.
The film suffers from the elephantiasis endemic to big-budget manga adaptations. Fans want to see their favorite characters and stories, producers oblige, and the result is a two-hour-plus running time packed with self-indulgent bloat.

@highlight

Blade of the Immortal highlights Takashi Miike's flair for balletic violence, making up what it lacks in strict originality with rich characterizations and kinetic thrills.