Despite the low vs. high dialectic, Passion is saying nothing of substance about cultural relativism or commodification.
As much as [De Palma] beautifies this mess-the movie's so sleek, you'll worry that the cast is gonna slip off the damn screen-it's still a mess.
There isn't a lot of passion in Brian De Palma's Passion but there is a love of kinkiness, flirtation, sensation, and the thrill of playing big business games and an odd intimacy that we don't always get in De Palma...
'Passion' is, outside of its cinephile-pleasing gestures, a pretty bad movie. If it bore any other filmmaker's name, would we cut it the same slack?
This trashy agenda could have a certain appeal if it were executed with wry humour or nightmarish obsessiveness -- as in, say, De Palma's Dressed To Kill -- but this time around the whole thing feels so vapid, so dated.
Delirious, exquisite trash.
This film is an old-fashioned glove that still fits De Palma pretty comfortably.
Like late-period Hitchcock, you hang in there because there's enough zing left on the screen to let you know you're watching a real filmmaker at work-but the payoffs never really come and certainly the movie never lives up to its title.
Brian De Palma has enough great movies in his filmography that he can always count on remaining one of my all-time favorite directors. But, man, it sure would be nice if he made at least one wholly successful film in the 21st century.
The plot is secondary to the delightfully strange and impeccably soapy vibes; the marriage of camp and cheap Euro-eroticism masquerading as serious art.
De Palma wallows in the excesses of his cutthroat corporate connivers ... Virtually actor proof, his movie withstands performances that aren't as wild and liberated as his direction.
The movie's main redeeming quality is De Palma's typically dazzling visual style.
idiotic
Passion is bright, shiny and lurid. It's just that it feels, well, passionless.
What we have here is a tale of lust, deception, manipulation and murder. Quintessential De Palma, in other words.
One's ultimate reaction is likely to one of indifference, bemusement or outright disdain considering the pedigree of the filmmaker helming the project: Brian De Palma.
Though you can't logically buy into the movie in the slightest, at least you can enjoy it for the lurid trash that it is.
It feels like a reunion with a weird old friend, the kind who's obsessed with the kinkier side of Alfred Hitchcock, Emmanuelle movies, sensual body lotions and smooth jazz sax solos.
Less mysterious than confusing.
A throwaway by a gifted filmmaker who has run out of ideas.
Passion is a Brian De Palma greatest hits package, the filmmaker showing off, more than anything else.
generates suspense and tension the old-fashioned way while simultaneously heightening everything to the point of near absurdity
Despite De Palma's lavish proof of what he can accomplish with classical technique, the movie comes off as too much for too little, a collection of mechanisms that decorate mechanisms.
Although both lead actresses deserve praise for their stunning performances in 'Passion,' the film itself doesn't do them justice.
... doesn't improve on its predecessor, and ultimately experiences some of the same pitfalls.
After the clinically dull first half, it's more desperate pantry raid than feast.
Entrancing and narcotizing in about equal measure.
De Palma twists his noir into a Gordian knot
A lukewarm serving of Passion, a sometimes silly thriller
I have no objection to DePalma laughing at himself. But his heart's not in it. Neither is his libido. Passion lacks the promise of its title. It's dead inside.
The corporate machinations suggest something closer to a dark comedy than to a thriller. You don't walk away chilled, as you do from "Vertigo," but tickled by the coldness and lifted by the beauty of the style.
Murder, deceit, treacherous lesbians -- yes, Brian De Palma is back.
Trashy remake of the brilliant French black comedy strips out the satire and slathers what's left in ridiculous lesbian-erotic-thriller sauce.
"Passion" is often sleek and enjoyable, dispensing titillation, suspense and a few laughs without taking itself too seriously.
"Passion" is one of those films that could almost act as a guilty pleasure if there weren't so many silly things holding it back.
Mostly it's another opportunity for this most self-referential of directors to dip once again into his well-worn bag of tricks.
In a film that isn't so good ... excess becomes a lot less enjoyable. And "Passion" isn't so good.
Struggling with warts and all, "Passion" is a loopy but fun late-night thriller brimming with style and vitality from one of America's most exciting film makers.
With no heat at all and a woefully disjointed cast, De Palma's danse macabre never catches fire.
One of [De Palma's] sillier and trashier pictures, with nothing much to recommend it apart from those long-delayed bravura sequences.
A rinky-dink, kinky sexploiter unworthy of Brian De Palma, who thoroughly trampled this tired territory decades ago and now returns looking much like a man trying to recapture his youth-and missing it to the point of self-parody.
Passion turns into vintage De Palma - which is to say, the film seems almost engineered to get you giggling at the extravagance of its absurdity.
Those who submit to the movie's spell may well find themselves giddy at how viscerally and confidently an old master can deploy the tools of his trade.
Passion is pretty good. If you cared enough to make a list, it might be your fifth or sixth favorite De Palma.
...at once a classy suspense movie and an unquestionably silly affair. Regardless of its glaring flaws, "Passion" is reassuringly old school.
A misfire from start to finish. Track down Love Crimes to see what all the fuss is about.
This tarted-up English-language remake affords some modestly campy pleasures, but lacks the delirious trash-horror verve of De Palma's best work.
De Palma loyalists are defending this movie; I assume it's just out of habit.
On the cusp of being vintage DePalma, but missing the titular you-know-what that would have made it work
With a bafflingly awful performance from McAdams and insulting, manipulative twists, Passion never capitalizes on its style and instead wallows in unintentional camp.
This is half a good De Palma film, which means it's still superior to most movies.
Doesn't really break any new ground for the director, and yet as a technical exercise it's nice to see De Palma back in his element.
This slant is as melodramatic and obvious as the original was meticulous and surprising ... De Palma being De Palma, the remake is awash in self-referential tropes, including the false endings a la 'Carrie.'
The movie is one long game of misdirection, playing tricks on viewers from scene to scene, and showing how easy it is to steer a crowd into missing something important.
Passion smacks of self-parody; by the time De Palma makes his way to some intended-to-be-jolting final shots, I found myself laughing out loud at his shamelessness.
All the problems that I have with Passion narratively are overshadowed by the fact that De Palma the visual master has shown signs of life for the first time in a decade.
Brian De Palma is one of the great seducers of the cinema, and he proves it with "Passion," a spellbinding thriller.
Undeniable energy to the work, and its screwball execution cements the effort as a guilty pleasure. After the dreary, amateurish antics of Redacted, to have De Palma back in the thick of mental illness is something to celebrate.
Passion is the work of a director falling back on what he has done well for four decades and plays tired and desperate.He should have called his film something else.
It's not De Palma's over-the-top direction that undoes Passion; rather, the terminal miscasting of its two leads.
Precise in its aesthetics, it's an excellent late-period work that shows, without being over-bearing, how the ascent of the corporate ladder can sometimes be a descent into a deeper circle of hell.
Passion is a serpentine, gorgeously orchestrated gathering of all of De Palma's pet themes and conceits.
It's tacky, and garishly overblown.
The film picks up a little when the murder mystery kicks in, but it's only a brief respite.
Where Corneau flirted with erotic tension, De Palma flaunts it. Where Corneau went for nightmarish reality, De Palma does noirish dreams.
In the end, Passion feels like a bit of a private joke -- one where the set-up is a little bit funnier than the punchline.
...a partially-successful throwback to the type of thrillers that De Palma used to specialize in.
it will no doubt find its boosters
Remaking Alain Corneau's 2010 French noir Love Crime proves less a comeback for De Palma and more what economists call a 'dead cat bounce.'

@highlight

For better as well as worse, Passion is vintage De Palma sexploitation -- although with a storyline sillier than most, it fails to generate as much heat as his steamiest work.