Towelhead isn't a movie, it's a loaded gun.
The discomfort zones of a young girl cry for sympathetic toughness, not Ball's snickering at pubic hair and clammy suburbanites
A philosophy of the appeal of innocence and perversion in a repressed world...
Few may have paid attention during its theatrical run, but DVD should offer a whole new life to a smart, engaging film that genuinely has something worthwhile to say.
Towelhead makes "American Beauty" look like a quaint suburban drama.
As a director [Ball] amplifies the flaws in his own writing; his supporting characters are too broadly pitched to take seriously, and he tends to smack you in the face with the point of every scene.
There is hardly a scene that does not produce exquisite discomfort and a strong desire to be somewhere else.
Deftly sidesteps the muckraking and instead serves up an affecting drama about a lovely child who can't seem to catch a break from most of the adults surrounding her.
Ball drops the poisonous little voodoo dolls he mistakes for characters into a ... realistic environment, as though that will somehow render his story more "serious."
It wasn't enjoyable at any level.
This movie will challenge you on a number of levels, including some beliefs you'd never thought you'd question.
An empty provocation that's about as classy and subtle as its title.
It is a multicultural Lolita that searches for, but still manages to miss, any redemptive core its source material may boast.
It is certainly possible to make a transgressive movie about children in sexual jeopardy, and to do so in ways that realistically and intelligently depict the abuse while not revelling in it.
Ball knows how to fit his themes in seamlessly, weaving a charming, dark, funny, thoroughly entertaining parody of Americana.
It's impossible to look away.
Give Bishil props for a truly brave performance. Eckhart and Macdissi do what they can, as does Toni Collette as a concerned neighbor who tries to save Jasira from Eckhart. But the script isn't up to the actors.
Summer Bishil turns in a gutsy, quietly riveting performance as Jasira.
It makes sense that the scenes are pitched between icky and titillating, but the lack of delicacy reduces everything to stock sordidness.
Brings up some interesting points, but it's also too eager to shock and too eager to condemn.
A gutsy, sometimes tragic, sometimes comic film about racist and sexist attitudes in middle America which have to be negotiated by a young teenage girl.
At times, the film feels like it will collapse under the weight of its twists and excesses, but somehow it manages to hang together.
As uncomfortable to watch as it is compelling, this film adaptation of Alicia Erian's novel is saved from mere ordeal status by a hopeful and uncliched ending.
[Ball] succeeds admirably and with dramatic force, blending themes of racism, liberalism, emotional betrayal, abuse, hate speech and pedophilia into a confronting adult drama peppered with shocks and black humour.
There seems to be a lot going on in this film, but somehow it's all rather unpalatable and unsatisfactory. The one thing you can say about it is that Aaron Eckhardt is very brave.
As confronting as the movie is, I saw it as hopeful and a caution, but I admit I'm biased towards freedom of expression. There are no questions of consent here, only one's preparedness to be confronted.
If you love brave films that aren't afraid to step over the line, you might appreciate this.
As a story, Jasira's deflowering and surrounding socialisation issues perhaps make for top reading, but as the film turns a mental image into concrete visuals, it requires much greater finesse to make it cinema
Ball falls prey to his own inadequacies and makes a movie audiences are going to feel awfully uncomfortable watching.
...this loathsome movie sullies actors and audience alike...
While it's onscreen, the film moves, incites, and jabs, all while reminding us how difficult it is to grow up female and sane in this world.
It's Ball's complex and frank approach to subject matter normally depicted in black-and-white terms that distinguishes Towelhead from so many coming-of-age dramas before it.
The coming-of-age molestation drama Towelhead is beautifully acted and accomplishes exactly what writer/director Alan Ball set out to accomplish.
The performances make the material more human and accessible, mainly from the film's brave young star, Summer Bishil.
Alan Ball's flair for ironic drama is not the answer for Towelhead.
It turns out that 'Towelhead' is not a slur, it's a directive. Putting towels over our heads, large enough to cover our faces, may be the preferred mode in which to view this film.
The movie takes as its subject grown-ups' incomprehension of adolescent sexuality, but tells us nothing really new about it %u2014 the picture seems rather uncomprehending itself.
The film is pretty unfocused and rambling. Some good performances can't overcome those flaws or the film's sudden, jarring changes in the tone.
While such a delicate theme can be made artistically defensible, it demands to be swaddled in subtlety and sensitivity.
It's too much, too heavy-handed. Disturbing is one thing. Prurient is another.
The most deeply disturbing, downright discomfiting movie about teen sexuality since Thirteen.
Towelhead is too eager to shock us, and it's therefore only stupidly offensive instead of cutting and insightful.
Apparently, characters are supposed to be so racist, controlling, and narrow-minded, it's funny.
Shocking, then powerful.
...[A] shocking and subversive coming-of-age melodrama. Perceptively blunt and incendiary, Towelhead is one of the most challenging cinematic efforts of the year.
A tiresome and fairly hateful mess that wants to raise hackles but only succeeds in coming across like a Todd Solondz film sans the wit, whimsy and empathy.
Towelhead needs more breathing room in order to allow the central relationships to grow, but it's a movie that sticks with you.
It is so disturbing it makes you uncomfortable watching it. For the price of admission, you become an unwilling voyeur.
Gripping, disturbing, powerful and likely outright offensive to many people, Towelhead is an often brutal study of clashing cultures, adolescent abandonment and sexual confusion.
[Director] Ball's trying to be honest about adolescent coming of age, but since he's dishonest about everything else, the movie collapses in on itself, ending with a laughably pat resolution that renders Towelhead a Bizarro World After School Special.
It is a movie that risks everything, including alienating its audience, all in the name of staying true to the characters inhabiting its milieu.
Towelhead is one of the more disturbing films to come out in years and to this day, a month after seeing it, there is one particular scene that still shakes me up.
For a film that presents itself as a broadside against prejudice, Towelhead spends an awful lot of time flattering the prejudices of its audience.
I understand what the film is trying to do, but not why it does it with such crude melodrama.
How is it that Alan Ball wrote some of the most nuanced, layered, dynamic characters on TV in
Towelhead is a mess, and it's based on material that demanded precision.
It's clever and original with an excellent cast. Ball's script catches a lot of the novel's pop, often word for word.
Towelhead is a curious, sometimes messy mixture of tensions that arise from racial, sexual situations.
Not since Splendor in the Grass has there been such a candid and sympathetic account of the mixed messages, double-standards, giddy highs and hormonal free falls experienced by teenage girls.
Alan Ball's obsession with the sexuality of teenage girls continues with Towelhead, and you don't have to be a prude to be alarmed by it
A strong, forthright motion picture that accurately offers few cut-and-dry answers and blessedly doesn't shy away from its socially demanding subject matter.
An episodic, muddled movie that never quite finds its way.
Towelhead tries hard to be incendiary and gutsy, and it sometimes succeeds. But to what gain?
The movie belongs to the fifth-billed Bishil, a truly gutsy young actress who captures the essence of young female desire in all its adolescent confusion.
A movie that, for all its good intentions, feels thoroughly phony and mildly embarrassing, like an extended PSA about inappropriate touching.
This third-act redemption raises Towelhead several notches, but it still ends up feeling like a well-acted and well-intentioned after-school special, a long way from the vividness and texture of Ball's television work.
Towelhead is definitely not for all tastes, but it shows a bravery that's increasingly rare in American movies.
Towelhead is tough stuff. It's also brilliant stuff. Proceed, with caution, accordingly.
Too much of Towelhead is pitched on a hysterical, one-dimensional note, with Jasira being consistently mistreated in one way or another by pretty much everyone she encounters -- a reverse Candide for our cynical times.
As a first-time feature director, [Ball] seldom lets the material speak for itself.
Ball has found an insinuating, perversely smooth tone in his script, but his less-adept direction inadvertently adds dissonance.
If you're willing to take a chance on a daring film that's likely to make you laugh one moment and cringe the next, you may find it as haunting as it is uncomfortable to watch.
Although there's a plethora of iniquity on display in 'Towelhead,' no one comes off as completely evil or unsympathetic
A crude but scathing portrait of suburban life.
Screenwriter Alan Ball is no stranger to daring stories, but in his awkward film directorial debut he seems unable to capture the soul of Alicia Erian's novel — and with a story like this, that's disastrous.
amidst the campy twists and unbelievable outbursts there can also be felt an indefinable honesty; something in far shorter supply these days than mere outrage.
Towelhead spreads itself thin trying to tackle too many issues, but the nuanced characters, and an absolutely stellar cast, make this an uncommonly complex and compelling drama.
A story that tries and often succeeds in transcending its particulars for a story about the personal and political struggle to come of age.
Ball knows one trick, and it's sure over.
Screenwriter Alan Ball ("American Beauty," HBO's "Six Feet Under") makes his directorial debut adapting Alicia Erian's novel from a particularly repellant male perspective.
Towelhead is like a great melting pot of writerly self-importance.
Towelhead is a familiar playground for Ball and his obsession with suburban decay, but remains sharply realized by the cast, who turn pure ugliness into an exhaustive psychological obstacle course.
Will give you lots to discuss without necessarily contributing much to the conversation.
One of the most original and daring films of the year that puts us in the skin of a pretty 13-year-old Arab-American and the challenges and dangers brought into her life by her budding sexuality.
[Director] Ball throws out so many provocations in Towelhead that it's no surprise a few land with a thud. But there's no questioning his talent for filmmaking. He's got the gift.
Racism and abuse sabotage teen's sexual awakening.
Indeed, Towelhead's biggest crime remains the blasé belief that audiences want to see a 13 year old engage in well defined adult behaviors.
Ball, who can't conceive of human motives beyond the hypertrophic, smutty sexuality that's his stock in trade, primly divides his characters into avatars of Sick Repression or Healthy Liberation.
As it becomes clear that Ball, in essence, has just restaged American Beauty with a socially conscious paint job, the sensationalism of Towelhead looks more and more like a dramatic tic.
Towelhead is the worst movie of its kind since Little Children. It's another adaptation of a trendy novel's contrived cynicism ('smartness' in mediaspeak).
Nearly a decade after the triumph of American Beauty, Ball has stumbled to the level of American Booty.
First and foremost a grotesquerie.
Gutsy and big-hearted.
The film is superbly acted, but it's hard to know what to feel except, 'How can any girl navigate this oversexualized culture?'
A kissing cousin of Todd Field and Todd Solondz, Ball suffocates audiences with a guttersniping view or suburban life, a Haggassian act of exploitation that misrepresents even the most fundamental modes of human interaction.
"Towelhead" is the most disgusting, ethically reprehensible, and irresponsible film to come out of the 21st century's first decade.
In a movie that was once more aptly titled, Nothing Is Private, Towelhead kicks open the suburban bedroom door and exposes often silent personal terrors that are both rudely shocking and uncomfortably familiar.
The ending may be too pat, but the journey to get there -- bitter, spicy, and poignant -- more than compensates for any last-minute fumbles.
Adapted and directed by Oscar-winning scribe Alan Ball (American Beauty), Towlehead plays like a kinkier, less-focused riff on theme explored with greater rigor and verve in his 1999 scenario.
Boasting ten-dimensional characters and the sophisticated juggling of difficult themes, Ball's powerful, complex movie is a must-see.
A clumsy, witless, tedious trudge.
Racism, teen sex, and war are all hot button issues. In Alan Ball's genius Towelhead, all of those above mentioned subjects go hand-in-hand in a truly wonderful cinematic experience.
Bad things happen in this film, but Ball is not interested in being shocking just for the sake of being shocking.
An exceedingly promising first effort from a novice filmmaker.
If there's a message, I didn't get it. But that doesn't mean I didn't dig the flick, especially the performance from Macidissi.
It is kept on track, however, by a courageous central performance from Bishil.
An engrossing, unforgettable film, if more than a little incendiary.
Makes the provocative [American] Beauty look like a comparative tea party.
The long-awaited directorial debut of Alan Ball does not disappoint.
Nothing Is Private is transgressive without being effectively subversive, gutsy to no particular end. It simply lacks style, which counts for so much in this sort of thing.





@highlight

This story of politics, race and, sexual awakening has moments that pack a punch, but overall, Towelhead never quite achieves the nuance of helmer Alan Ball's television work.