Even at his worst Al Pacino can charm the birds from the trees, but in "Two For The Money" pigeons are the only species visiting.
While there are parts of Two for the Money worth watching, it's ultimately not one worth putting your money on.
Por trás de uma trama aparentemente convencional, esconde-se um inteligente estudo de personagem beneficiado pela estupenda atuação de Pacino (que conta também com o belo desempenho de seu companheiro de elenco, McConaughey).
The initial set-up is interesting enough but the film rapidly loses its way in the middle and ends up a horribly confused mess, with sub-plots and entire characters simply disappearing into thin air.
Pacino's performance is only a few degrees shy of full-bore scenery-chewing, but the veteran actor stomps through this movie like a small Italian Godzilla.
Pacino rants and McConaughey flashes his pearlies in this craptacular mess.
...claims to be 'inspired' by a true story, which is probably the case, but any genuine drama has been diluted in favor of lazy predictability and a silly feel-good ending.
Heavy on style and atmosphere and light on virtually everything else.
Call it My Fair Lady with a gender switch, a betting line and an over/under.
Because I couldn't understand how the betting advisory business depicted in 'Two for the Money" operates, the movie didn't always work for me.
It still seems like there should be more tension in Two for the Money than simply watching grown men bite their lips as they watch pro games on TV monitors.
Two For The Money is as insincere as the phony football played in the film.
Maybe Al Pacino is losing his satanic touch.
Who could have figured such a long-shot pairing would parlay into such a tasty payoff?
The film is an exercise in indecision -- what happens when a writer develops an idea, but not a story.
What do blackjack tables and Al Pacino movies have in common? They each encourage you to gamble with your money.
I don't know what this film should have been called, but I think that the title "Two for the Money" is misleading.
Apart from the three lead performances, the movie is bad in the train-wreck sense. And that's also what makes it fascinating.
Why did this dull, banal, boring movie get made? Rene Russo's husband wrote the script and Morgan Creek must have called in favors.
Original screenwriting gives way to clichés, and the resolution, while offering closure, seems false -- too much a case of the filmmakers wanting to have their cake and eat it, too.
Pacino's irritating hyperbolic delivery is just one of the problems in "Two for the Money," the biggest being the convoluted and unconvincing script.
The hour spent on Brandon's downfall comes off as an unrevealing procedure.
Ends up as a push.
It really works as a study of gambling.
A hatefully cynical and unsympathetic look at gambling addiction.
Two For The Money has its rollicking moments and snappy lines but even Pacino can't elevate them into more than a fleetingly juicy treat.
A morality play about the pervasiveness of sports gambling in America.
...[a] stylish yet anemic gambling drama. In short, Money is about as bankable as a defective slot machine in search for its own payoff.
Pacino's too hyper, Russo's too thin, but McConaughey is smooth as silk.
In the end, I found that I simply didn't care.
This is a fun film
Critics are likely to interpret Pacino's work as intentional self-parody, because he's smart enough to know that he's played this kind of unhinged father figure too many times
Gilroy loads up his script with more junk than a portly teenager at a TCBY toppings station
Gives Al Pacino more scenes to brilliantly chew on then he's had since Scent of a Woman.
Two for the Money lets Pacino be Pacino, only one of the film's weak links
At least when Pacino does one for the money, he doesn't look nearly as miserable as De Niro does in similar cinematic circumstances.
The movie has a lot of built-in flash and is thus mildly entertaining, though the running time grinds it down.
Pacino is a one-man three-ring circus, blustering, capering, cursing, raging and weaseling his way through this predictable morality play like a trickster Satan on speed.
Pacino is having a blast, and so might the viewer, at least until our scenery muncher finally gobbles all the foliage mid-way through the picture.
If Two for the Money maintained the same backbone as its alluring stars, it could have done much more than just break even.
Big, loud, glossy and entertaining.
Sports gambling! Big money, big games, big romance, big stars. Double down, all in. Problem is, the game's crooked.
In its second half, Two for the Money drags like an extra-innings game between teams with no chance of reaching the playoffs.
Perhaps everyone involved in making this movie can form a new kind of 'anonymous' chapter -- Hackaholics Anonymous, dedicated to conquering that urge to make mediocre films one day at a time.
Two for the Money could be Exhibit A in a power-point presentation of When Good Movies Go Bad.
The movie makes a bet that the filmmakers can't cover.
The movie works as a smart B film.
The plot is predictable and Pacino is cast in a role he can play on autopilot.
Even Al Pacino can't bellow loud enough to drown out the raging stupidity that courses through Two for the Money, the latest in a lamentable line of movies in which Screaming Al mentors a protege with predictable results.
Why make a movie about the sports-betting industry -- a potentially rich subject for a film -- and spend so little time showing us what goes on behind the scenes?
If you're looking for a movie for a boys' night out, it's a winner.
Like any winning streak, it can't last. And neither did my interest, mostly because the movie kept telling me something I already knew: Gambling addiction is sad.
As any real gambler knows, when you start losing, it's best to cut and run.
Its rhythms belong to a sports film: game, game, hurdles, big game, biggest. And that, at least, you can bet on.
Falls somewhere on that aesthetic scale between mediocre and flat-out bad.
I'm not a gambling man, but I bet I haven't fidgeted this much in a theater all year.
You can see why Pacino takes such roles: They're so Al, so tragic, so lowdown, so easy for him. He invented guys like this. But he must have other inventions left in him.
The one thing the film does have going for it is Pacino. But only his most die-hard fans will want to stick it out.
Two for the Money seldom feels as if director D.J. Caruso has taken us deeply into the gambling world or given us an entirely realistic look at the people who live there.
The film rides on the believable chemistry of its trio. If it doesn't go all the way, it certainly sprints toward a climax that feels like a gripping 2-minute drill.
The fate of the world always seems to rest on the outcome of the big game. And after the umpteenth big game, we're long past caring.
Aside from Pacino's snappy contribution, the acting isn't very impressive -- even Armand Assante and Jeremy Piven are misused.
After an entertaining two hours, the ending is a pair of brown loafers in a world of tuxedos.
A lightweight copy of better films that explore the destructive compulsion of wagering.
Not the best bet on the block.
Overheated but undercooked.
Completely forgettable except for Pacino, whose performance can be admired for being 'interesting,' if not actually 'good.'
a wobbly vehicle for Al Pacino that offers him numerous opportunities for showboating and histrionics, and nary a single credible scene.
Does earn its place amongst the list of films that understand what gambling is and how the downs of it may just be the up.
It's a good hour into the movie before you realize you're not watching anything. But seriously, that hour was something else.
lacks something all good movies need - A FREAKING PLOT!
Like the insurance policies they are, McConaughey, Pacino, and Russo save Two for the Money from swallowing itself in cliché and misplaced passion.
Pacino ain't Satan this time around, he's just Pacino doing his Al Pacino imitation...
The fun of this movie is seeing Pacino dive into the part and hang on for dear life, though the storyline zigzags from inconsistent to makes-no-sense-ville.
A better-than-expected parable -- inspired by actual events -- about the power and reach of corruption.
Two for the Money takes its cues from classic rise/demise stories of fresh-faced young men and their amoral mentors, but it stops short of making a point.
Hedges on its lurid promise.
The movie offers no handholds for the audience, leaving us behind in a flurry of important-sounding but meaningless exchanges between two-dimensional characters.
It's engaging enough while it's going on, but has little visceral impact or resonance.
Even in the film's early, relatively enjoyable moments, you'll hear a small voice reminding you that there's a difference between a genuinely good movie and a merely watchable one. That pesky voice grows louder and louder with each scene.
A sincere and sincerely turgid male weepie about sports betting, Two for the Money lurches from upbeat to downbeat without ever settling into a coherent groove.
You know the filmmakers are manipulating the viewer when they intercut game footage with big dramatic scenes, but the acting (especially Pacino as the boss and Russo as his wife) is good enough that you don't mind too much.
Two for the Money is "inspired by a true story." Problem is, it's just not that inspired.
You can see Al Pacino doing something he's done a lot lately: Having a terrific time being an actor.
Pacino's bark is ultimately better than Two For the Money's bite.
There's no disguising the fact there isn't a likable character in the whole movie, or even a bearable one.
The stop-start rhythm is bad on the movie's gearbox and before long we realize that we're looking at a highly polished lemon.
Dan Gilroy's script can't find a thematic thread to make the rags-to-riches-to-rags plot feel relevant.
The story, like Wile E. Coyote, runs off a cliff, hangs in mid-air and drops, section by section, into a deep canyon.
Dicey.
For the first hour or so generates some heat, but at about the halfway point it fumbles badly and never recovers. Neither wins, places nor shows.
Mere words cannot convey the unparalleled excitement of watching a grown man get trained to answer the phone, which is basically what this movie has in store for us in place of honest-to-goodness activity or a proper story arc.
...a decent yarn, but we've seen it all before and done much better and more interesting at that. In other words, been there...done that.
Pacino's performance feels like an amalgam of other, better Pacino performances just as the film itself seems like an amalgam of other, better gambling and con-artist movies.
A slick trifecta on sports, gambling and blown up character issues.
Don't bet against these two fine actors. Although they shamelessly ham it up, the movie's biggest surprise is that we have almost as much fun as they do.
Short on the number-crunching nitty-gritty.
One minute [Pacino] is a hyper-excitable Muppet in desperate need of swatting, the next he's Michael Corleone redux, also in desperate need of swatting.
Worth seeing for Pacino's braggadocio performance. Yeah, can he poop on the carpet and chew the scenery.
Turns from ludicrous to incoherent.
Like Barry Sanders rushing for 200 yards in a losing effort, an overacting Pacino saves the sluggish film from being unwatchable.
Unofficial remake of Devil's Advocate, with Pacino in a role he can do in his sleep, part Svengali part Pygmalion, seducing an innocent with the allure of consumer capitalism
Two for the Money is a losing proposition.








@highlight

Despite its sportsmanlike swagger, Two for the Money's aimless plot isn't worth betting on.