The original film was far superior and will be remembered in years to come while the current remake will soon be forgotten.
Hauling their luxurious backstories like matching trailers, hero and villain face off with what seems like contractual symmetry.
Clearly, this isn't about crime and it isn't about terror; it isn't even about the heist...it's about being fed up with the quintessential American city.
Overall a good movie, good performances, got your adrenaline going.
It's funny how Scott's trademark blurry quick-cutting - once considered so cutting edge - feels so dated now.
A professionally mounted genre exercise which tries to please both thriller and social drama crowds, and suffers mightily as a result.
You're so busy enjoying the sound and picture quality that you're inclined to forgive the film's missteps.
Thunderous, metallic, ominous, screeching sound effects add to the sensory perception that you're watching a megaton monster barreling toward a dramatic showdown.
Veteran directorial fireball-hurler Tony Scott (Deja Vu, Top Gun) messes it up, as usual.
This sort of thing by design devolves into two guys talking on a phone, which if it's got any chance of working requires strong actors to bring their characters to life. Which is probably where Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 succeeds best.
A valiant effort, but ultimately Pelham feels like little more than Washington's latest star vehicle, bound for Netflix after a short summer run.
The fourth (and least effective) collaboration between Denzel Washington and Tony Scott...
In the post 9-11 New York City, it's a patently ludicrous suggestion that four machine-gun toting, sinister looking individuals can walk freely about the most heavily-guarded subway system in the world.
When logic subsides, as alas it does, it is the sheer force of Washington's intensity and Travolta's élan that keeps the film on, ahem, track
All restless shots and relentless cuts, ticking clocks and roving maps, a stream of shouting and shooting and speed-ramping and slow-motion and little real excitement.
This is either bad writing, bad direction, bad acting or a combination of the three.
If the trademark Scott gloss serves as a superficial hook, his also-adept manner of building tension and suspense then keeps one interested.
It would be impossible to make a completely dull film of Godey's story, but Scott has succeeded in reducing it to an empty, mechanical spectacle.
Solid performances can't lift this picture above its own mediocrity, however. The plot is formulaic ... and the ending obvious.
If you're not feeling too cerebral Tony Scott's action movie set pieces are pretty good -- also silly sometimes -- but they're more than enough to fill in time between the lines of clichéd dialogue.
In yet another blander-than-bland remake of a classic film, flash-over-substance specialist Tony Scott takes Joseph Sargent's taut, 1974 action-thriller and processes it through the multiplex mulching machine.
There was a reality to [the original film] that I think is missing from this.
If you've never seen the original, the new Taking of Pelham 123 will probably come across as an okay thriller, but if you have seen the original it's clear evidence as to why the movies aren't as good as they used to be.
Mechanical and unspirited, this is just another goddam remake, as they might say in the Big Apple.
When all is said and done, The Taking of Pelham 123 is a reliable, if unremarkable thriller that delivers what it must, and doesn't waste a moment doing so.
Packed with enough rap music, nauseating camera jerks, speed shifts and freeze frames to almost, so nearly, convince us something interesting is occurring on screen.
Pelham would've been better served by a handful of Ritalin, or perhaps a director who wouldn't dare sacrifice rollicking suspense to feed his meaningless camera fetishes. Stick with the 1974 version.
Ultimately, this is not a great train-robbery film -- but hey, in the whole scheme of things, it's not a bad one, either.
"Bland, overweight, and overpaid actors enact their dumbshow against a backdrop of urban efficiency prettied up for consumer delight."
Stays on track as an entertaining-enough suspense thriller featuring fine performances by Denzel Washington, John Travolta and James Gandolfini.
Made with all the sinewy economy and storytelling clarity honed by making lots of high end TV commercials, Tony Scott pumps contempo energy and visual style into this classic good story
It is all about star power and screen charisma with Washington and Travolta making formidable adversaries, whether on screen together or at opposing ends of the microphone.
[It's]a popcorn movie, nothing more and nothing less.
I won't lie and say The Taking of Pelham 123 is destined to be a classic, nor does it make a whole lot of sense, but it is goofy fun and does no damage to the original.
Unlike Sargent, who trusted his story to provide the fireworks, Scott resorts to gimmicks: choppy editing, speeded-up footage that segues inexplicably into slo-mo, and pointless explosions of noise. Sometimes, less really is more.
All sound and fury, devoid of any relevance or resonance.
Scott, a sensationalist who cut his teeth in advertising and still looks upon every minute of a feature film as a TV commercial, hits us from the opening shot with speeded-up film, rapid cutting, flash pans, and rap music.
This is a post-9/11 city: terrorism is suspected, the cops are over-armed and trigger happy. Why they don't shoot Ryder when they could is unexplained.
Where the movie can't quite deliver is in... some third act choices... that seem to be motivated by the servicing of movie star egos instead of story sense or character reality.
Scott's style, all staccato edits and blurry panic, pays off in a few minor scenes, though it's a pity a sub-plot traffic accident has more impact than the main event.
'The Taking of Pelham 123' is not a bad film: it's ponderous and shallow, but always watchable. But what it crucially fails to do, especially in the light of its illustrious predecessor, is justify its own existence.
Featuring good work from the dependable Denzel, The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is hampered by hyper-kinetic visuals from Scott, an over-zealous turn from Travolta and a thoughtless script from Brian Helgeland.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is not a disaster by any means. For most of its running time, it's a slick, well-crafted piece of entertainment. But you can't help wondering just how good it might have been in the hands of a less self-advertising director.
Head-bangingly hyperactive as ever, action maestro Tony Scott appears to have upped his caffeine intake for this unexpectedly entertaining remake.
The 2009 version, perhaps like New York itself, is flashier and far less gritty. The camerawork is busier, the effects are expensive, the colours louder. The soundtrack, a bastard mix of rocky techno and crude drum 'n' bass, recalls a car ad from 1996.
Juvenile, hyperactive, obstreperous and obnoxious.
Scott does like his bells and whistles, substituting those for real atmosphere and sense of place. Fortunately that's not enough to completely wreck a serviceable thriller.
Now that all the summer's blockbusters have shot their load, there could be room in the market for this solidly entertaining thriller remake. But your life would hardly be impoverished if you skipped it.
The year's most surprisingly enjoyable pulse-racer.
For a good hour, Scott delivers a tense cat-and-mouser. Goes off track when Denzel turns action hero, but his riffing with a sinister Trav is what propels this Pelham.
The film thrills like a super-saturated fairground ride, but Scott ducks the question of post -9/11 terror, and fails to deliver on a metaphorical level.
It moves along at a decent pace but I'd have liked something more - but what exactly, I can't quite put my finger on.
The Taking Of Pelham 123 may not be up there with his best, but it's professional, fast-moving and holds the interest. It will pay a few bills, which is the only reason it exists.
Tony Scott has made a film that, for sheer fun and breathless tension, leaves the summer's other actioners parked in the sidings.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is a classy updating of the original, strong on pace and atmosphere, with Travolta and Washington making a great doubleact.
Tony Scott's remake of the semi-classic of 1974 begins and ends badly.
Despite extensive updates, the plot feels a bit predictable.
If you like Scott you can argue that too much is better than too little. This movie has a vision and sticks to it.
Compare him with the gang-leader in the 1974 film, played by Robert Shaw as a tight-lipped, ice-cool killer, and Travolta starts to look like a joke.
The stage is set for a cat and mouse duel that only becomes increasingly conventional before a finale that just isn't a patch on the clever and inspired ending of the original.
Director Scott is, as usual, way more into blowing stuff up than a moral cat-and-mouse game. Any hint of depth sends him zooming into yet another flashily pointless 'woo woo' motorbike chase, destroying the masterful two-hander tension.
A typical Tony Scott all-style-no-substance production, this combines flashy direction and good performances from its two stars, but it's never a patch on the original film.
Tony Scott indulges in his usual flashy pyrotechnics, which almost cover up the gaping craters in the plot.
The Taking Of Pelham 123 delivers the kind of barefaced popcorn thrills we're often embarrassed to admit are a good thing.
A big dumb lug of an action movie and possibly the best of the summer. It is certainly the best that doesn't involve a spaceship or a wizard. Enjoy the ride.
The fact that A-list film-makers such as Scott and Helgeland can't even be bothered to come up with a dumb movie explanation to justify the moronic nature of their work feels symptomatic of the contempt Hollywood increasingly has for its audience.
Scott has updated the setting, but, more significantly, he's refashioned things in tone, style and theme, deftly recasting it to fit the standard template of the contemporary Hollywood action film.
Director Tony Scott pushes all the right buttons, crafting a worthy -- and in many ways, a superior -- update.
At its best when it's not trying too hard to show how gritty it is.
In the moment, it all feels very dangerous and urgent and important, but in retrospect it seems almost silly. What is The Taking of Pelham 123 meant to be? Drama? Spoof? It succeeds and fails at both at the same time.
A good movie, but don't expect the best thriller of the summer in a flick that's sometimes as eventful as getting stuck between 34th and 42nd Streets on the A train in NYC.
Because of Scott's reliably indiscriminant overdirection, the film only works in fits and starts
Ultimately, the film reminds us that human life is precious and worth preserving%u2014and all in a smart summer blockbuster.
Nothing if not self-aware, this update of Joseph Sargent's 1974 thriller begins by rearranging the class dynamics.
With his goatee and fake tattoos, it's safe to say you've never seen Travolta quite like this before. He's hardcore, and it works. As for Washington, he infuses this fine thriller with the kind of humanity it needs to ground it.
There's a serviceable thriller somewhere in this remake of the 1974 drama.
It entertains the way it wants, as shiny, shallow popcorn fun.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 begins in disarray.... But as undependable as director Tony Scott is, his two leading actors are not going to lose their way.
Filled with speeded-up camera work, which makes the movie pratically unwatchable for migraine sufferers like me.
Scott has ratcheted back on nearly all of his bad habits.
Apparently, the movie needed remaking with Arabic numerals, which is probably as good a reason as any.
Like swimming laps in bowl of room-temperature oatmeal.
It's Hollywood at its best in deflecting the audience with gloss so they don't notice the thriller's emptiness.
Dark humor, great interaction between the characters, and cinematic comments on racism, gender bias and a changing world - it's a great crime picture. I'm talking, of course, about the 1974 version.
Travolta as the crazy man and Denzel as the every man make this movie a summer treat.
Stout performances and Helgeland's screenplay keep "Pelham" grounded.
Can a director be arrested for the attempted hijack of our emotions?
Washington demonstrates his really remarkable ability to make us forget he's a movie star and completely believe he's a flawed but noble civil servant.
I was really disappointed by this.
Despite implausible contrivances left and right, the film moves quickly and is entertaining.
The interminable final act of Tony Scott's heretofore modestly entertaining thriller turns the modulated cool of a Michael Mann film into a brash, loud Viagra ad. This is the great disappointment of the summer so far.
To watch the original Pelham and then to watch the new remake is to witness, irrefutably, the decline of mainstream Hollywood filmmaking.
(Director Tony) Scott ... uses the camera like a little boy shouting, "Look at me, look at me," instead of simply telling the story.
Good movie ruined by some amazingly bad moments.
The commandeered plot is like the film's train. When you first get on board it just sits on the track. Once the story begins moving, you can predict each stop along the route.
Under all the layers of MTV circa 2003 there's a tight, good story that's been barely changed from the original, and there are some good performances trying to poke their way through the ADD editing.
Not your average bombs-away summer blockbuster, The Taking of Pelham 123 is goofy but enjoyable, with its stars, notably Travolta's wired performance providing most of the fireworks.
Washington and Travolta are both still at the top of their games in this high-octane, attention-deficit adventure as riveting as it is ridiculous.
The actors bring such dramatic heft to their archetypal parts that they keep things riveting, even as the movie progresses through very familiar territory.
Even the city of New York, the true principal player in this tale, fails to come to life, meaning this film might as well have been set in Chicago or London or any other metropolis with a sprawling subway system.
I'm probably not the first to say it's a train wreck. Starts out good enough, shows ability to the 1/2way mark, but the last 30 mins are just a scripting mess.
the main question that you need to ask yourself in determining whether you'll like The Taking of Pelham 123 is whether you believe that John Travolta can be a badass
It's not the most exciting movie I've ever seen, but it is a solid thriller with good performances and a workman-like construction from Tony Scott.
your typical middle of the road, summer action/thriller
Whereas the original, directed by Joseph Sargent, was essentially a well-oiled B movie, the new incarnation, directed by Tony Scott, is bristling with high-tech gimcrackery and over-the-top camera flourishes.
Director Tony Scott is smart enough to focus most of the movie where it should be, on Travolta and Washington.
Surprisingly, in a summer full of action-packed blockbusters, this cracking remake may be the movie to beat for sheer popcorn-chomping thrills.
Set in a nightmare New York City, the subway hostage thriller batters our nerves like a tom-tom.
The film does what a good hostage negotiator does: It distracts us from what's going wrong and pulls us into the story.
While the original film offers superior thrills, Scott's Pelham functions just fine as diverting entertainment.
The new Pelham, although no classic, is a lot of fun if you're in the right mood.
We've been waiting too long for a sharp little urban thriller with a couple of tense scenes and one fine, bold performance. Given the time, we'll grab this express train, happily.
A moderately admired, moderately durable thriller-with-comedy about the hijacking of a New York City subway train.
Pelham 1 2 3 ultimately plays as too old-school and low- tech to compete with the summer's other big action films.
You don't go to a movie by Tony Scott looking for subtlety and subtext. But give him a good story and Scott delivers.
Enough of a pressure cooker -- with sufficient psychological crackle -- to recommend.
Pelham simply runs out of track, devolving into a series of bad action movie clichés and meaningless skyscraper footage.
Helgeland's story is so formulaic and the characters so stock that we're just sitting there waiting for these guys to perform like circus animals.
Most disappointing is the new film's reluctance to even attempt to match the ingenuity of the original movie's celebrated one-two punch ending.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 has all the usual virtues of a good action suspense drama.
Pelham is not merely a film that may induce seizures in those who are susceptible; it is a film that seems engineered to approximate the experience of a seizure for those who are not.
The film's leading men exceed the action genre's usual requirements, if only briefly.
It ticks along as efficiently as a new clock. The performances are smooth, the car-crash effects remarkable, the pace never flagging.
Is this some statement on what happens to white collar criminals in prison? They come out and interject sodomy jokes when they're trying to be taken seriously? Is this how we should expect Gordon Gekko to be in the Wall Street sequel?
Travolta as the bad guy unfortunately did not work. I think if Washington & Travolta's roles had been reversed perhaps we would have had fireworks.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is a near-perfect summer entertainment thriller that shows good story, good director and good actors trump gaudy special effects any day.
Kinetic director Tony Scott balances his need for speed and flash with fleshed-out drama, making Pelham the best of his recent outings.
There are few things in life more pleasant than watching John Travolta enjoy himself on-screen.
Neither are masterpieces, but both are entertaining, Scott's upping the ante (if only just minutely) and having a gravitas the Walter Matthau/Robert Shaw flick never was able to manufacture.
It feels like Pelham is close to something interesting but never gets there because Scott doesn't give a rip.
At first it's exciting, but as the film progresses, that quick-cut, never-stop pacing seems increasingly desperate.
Against all odds and better advice, director Tony Scott, screenwriter Brian Helgeland and main protagonists Denzel Washington and John Travolta take a much-loved genre classic and arguably make it better.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3, an energetic updating of the 1974 mass transit thriller, takes account of how much the character of New York has changed.
Star chemistry, not director Tony Scott's overheated style, saves The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 from being yet another tired remake.
Most of the film's energy is generated by flamboyant cinematography and music-video cutting, and much of that energy is false.
You can always count on a Scott, in this case Ridley's little bro Tony, to jangle your nerves.
Crisp supporting turns by John Turturro (as a hostage negotiator) and James Gandolfini (as the mayor) combine with plenty of vehicular mayhem to make this a superior diversion.
The new players can't generate the grimy elan of the old film.
...would probably have been even better if the two stars had switched roles...
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3, is how its predecessor would have turned out had Tim "The Tool Man" Taylor gotten his hands on it and injected it with "more power." (Grunt it with me, Ah-ah-ahh)
'A remake and a hostage picture! Can both the good guys and the bad guys use Sony laptops?' Yes, they can.
Like most of Scott's recent films, this one ends in self-indulgent silliness. You end up asking yourself, how do the few fun bits of the film manage to survive in the midst of so much lousy filmmaking?
Overly stylized and not-so-thrilling train ride is ultimately merely average at best and will disappoint fans looking for anything more.
I'm giving it a mild recommendation for its good stretches and appealing characters.
Remake of '70s thriller is riveting but violent and intense.
There's plenty of action, but little to get excited about.
Travolta may steal the subway car, but it is Washington who steals the movie.
It's one helluva thrill ride--more NYC than Six Flags!
If it never feels quite as clever as it thinks it is, so what? It's going to look like freaking Antonioni when Transformers lands in a couple of weeks.
At best, Tony Scott has directed a mediocre thriller that delivers some decent action sequences.
The laughable climax is punctuated with a military-style salute from a police hostage negotiater that is so silly it causes one to wonder whether 'Pelham' is supposed to be a dry-as-sand comedy -- a 'Beat the Devil' for the 'Transformers' era.
The middle is cliché and the ending somewhat predictable, but the capable lead cast make it somewhat enjoyable.
Sometimes it's refreshing to see a movie that is okay with just being okay. With The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3, you get a C-student shoe salesman that rarely dazzles but doesn't disappoint.
Parental Content Review
Instead of Helgeland pumping energy into the story, it's the external elements that benefit from a modern sensibility, leaving the plot and dialogue to languish on a gummy subway car floor.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is the ultimate exercise in redundancy, a bullying, almost completely artless film, a superfluous venture in every possible way.
The old-school The Taking of Pelham One Two Three takes you by the throat; this new one, well-made as it is, just takes you for granted.
A solidly crafted suspense thriller set on a subway train proves the perfect vehicle for two stars at the top of their game.
Hire Denzel Washington. He is bound to make any mediocre film better than it should, which is precisely what he does in The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3.
...a film that keeps you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end.
... a focused and refreshingly straightforward thriller that forgoes the usual high tech confusion and contrived high-concept twists so often laid in to surprise audiences.
Like a child with ADD, Tony Scott's too anxious and fidgety to rely on Brian Helgeland's witty and unnerving screenplay for thrills. Nor will he keep faith in the exciting chemistry between his prize mule Denzel Washington and the playful John Travolta.
Not a bad way to pass a couple hours, as long as you don't sit too close to the screen and are inured to a steady barrage of loud dialogue that doesn't bother to be clever.
If you're a fan of Travolta and Denzel you'll probably like The Taking of Pelham 123.
If you are lucky enough to have seen the earlier classic, it is more than likely that you will find this version is something to be sneezed at after all.
...a run of the mill remake with nothing extraordinary except for good performances by Turturo, Gandolfini, Rispoli, Washington, and Travolta.
A complete bastardization of everything that was so taut, substantive and memorable in the classic 1974 original.
If I had only one word to describe The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3, that word would be - slick.
After a brisk start, Pelham jumps the tracks.
The new Pelham takes the chilling original premise and modifies it for an era steeped in technology, making for an energetic and engrossing adaptation.
This version of the hijacking thriller tale is pretty messy and has all-over-the-map performances and a too-showy directorial style.
the worst kind of dreck
[Tony] Scott, to his credit, mostly lets the actors do their thing and stays out of their way.
As Ryder's motives begin to reveal themselves, The Taking of Pelham 123 loses its aura of post-9/11 dread, replaced by a muddled commentary on Wall Street greed in these days of raging financial crises.
Hiring Tony Scott to direct The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is like hiring Michael Bay to direct My Dinner With Andre: A colossal mismatch of director and material.
It is remarkable how, with all of the advances in technology over the years, a story like this can remain largely unchanged despite a 35 year gap between tellings. By allowing the movie to unfold in real time, Scott enhances the level of suspense.
This movie hits you like 600 volts from a sparking third rail. Damn straight it's electrifying.
There's precious little that's memorable or even exciting about this new, annoying Pelham, which goes off the rails early on and never recovers.
Like the subway itself, things move by connections, craziness and clockwork in The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3, a fast and relentless hostage thriller that never stops.
Denzel Washington is that valuable paradox, the relatable supernova. [But] it's too bad the movie around him isn't better -- the '74 edition, propelled by David Shire's incredibly badass theme music, kicks the remake's behind all the way to Coney Island.
This sturdy example of straightforward action filmmaking wouldn't merit much interest if not for the acting match-up at its center.
It's easy to imagine why Pelham's producers wouldn't want Scott's professional but dull picture to be compared with the 1974 classic.
The new Pelham is a solid, suspenseful tale all over again, so long as it stays in the subway tunnels and airless offices of the transit department.
John Travolta's wildly successful post-comeback crusade to become synonymous with crap continues with The Taking Of Pelham 1 2 3, Tony Scott's bracingly awful remake/desecration of the classic '70s thriller.
A reasonably interesting but curiously routine heist movie that will be appreciated more by new riders than those familiar with the superior 1974 incarnation.
It's entertaining enough to make it worth checking out but ultimately forgettable, unlike Scott and Washington's previous collaborations.
Scott keeps things tense while allowing for the occasional blast of humor.
The only surprise in the new Pelham is that there's nothing to replace the narrative ingenuity of the original. In fact, there's almost no ending at all.
Although diehard fans of the original should stay far, far away from it, the new Pelham provides a level of engagement that puts it a notch or two above today's standard action-movie fare.
Updated for 2009, this enthralling subway heist thriller grabs you and never lets go. It's all about greed and money.
Director Tony Scott may not suffer from attention-deficit disorder, but he is convinced you do.
There's not much wrong with Tony Scott's The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3, except that there's not much really right about it.
Travolta barks and giggles and screams, as if creating a memorable nemesis was simply a matter of calling more attention to yourself than anyone else.
I can think of worse ways to while away a hot, sticky summer afternoon than ducking into the air-conditioned comfort of the multiplex for a couple of hours worth of jacked-up, seat-rattling, subway-heisting action.
all meaningless movie mechanics, nothing more.
[A] rollicking tale that unspools in urgent real time... and is jam-packed with literally breathtaking action.
The movie might leave audiences feeling a lot like hostages themselves, at the hands of the director. Who seems to have a bit of a contact high with all the grating noise, grit and funk of runaway trains. Somebody needed to put the brakes on this guy too.
Pelham would've been better served by a handful of Ritalin, or perhaps a director who wouldn't dare sacrifice rollicking suspense to feed his meaningless camera fetishes.
A compact thriller inflated into a big-budget showpiece that casually throws away its own best attributes to pander to an audience with an impaired attention span.
Scott does his best to turn this back-and-forth into an action movie, but it does more to distract from the simple, economical story than enhance it.
Easily, the best non-animated studio movie of the summer so far, starting with a nearly perfect script by Brian Helgeland.
It's a movie that gives you little to ponder and one that's more easily quoted than felt.
Director Tony Scott has built a career out of crafting films that have been unabashedly geared toward the testosterone set. It's hard not to admire the R-rated gusto with which Scott has infused this film. It's actually refreshing, in this sanitized, hope
There's fun to be had in Pelham, at least for a while, but nothing more than that.
An open-hydrant whoooosh of an action thriller about a hijacked NYC subway train with passengers held as hostages -- a caffeinated update of a 1974 city-on-fire cult classic that cracked wise with a cynical, now nostalgia-inducing, graffiti-era veracity.
The essential intelligence of the screenplay and two masterful performances at the film's center engage us with the thrill of a magnetic psychological contest.
Pelham 123 exploits urban anxiety without relief or understanding. Using exacerbation as entertainment, it is simply an I HATE NY ad.
Scott's redo comes up short in almost every regard against the '74 model.
Resistance is futile. Even though Tony Scott's hyper kinetic thriller is nowhere near as smart as it thinks, it's sure effective all the same.
Foolishly attempts to update the 1974 classic by cranking the volume and inflating the Noo Yawk attitude to a cartoonish level of macho posturing.
Scott seems not to trust the cat-and-mouse maneuverings of Washington and Travolta to carry the film, instead sucking away the claustrophobic intensity with car chases and other superfluous frills.
The prevalence of technology also makes the crime itself seem rather archaic. This is the way a criminal mastermind steals millions of dollars today, by hijacking a subway train?
May not be as exciting as some may hope for what is essentially a summer popcorn flick. What keeps it from being a complete loss is the strong character work from Washington and Gandolfini.
Are Tony Scott's films actually directed by Google Earth?
Tony Scott's loose remake of Sargent's 1974 film is mixed blessing: Helgeland's characterizations are deeper and sharper, but the film suffers from excessive stylistic flourishes and preposterous last reel.
Travolta is terrific in this sharper, wittier, thoroughly contemporary revisit to the New York subway train derailed by a intelligent but psychotic criminal.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is an efficiently reworked version of a tense, ticking-clock suspense story.
A professionally mounted genre exercise which tries to please both the thriller and social drama crowds and suffers as a result.
Travolta's high-tech 21st-century scheme turns out to be not just preposterous but superfluous, demented.
Despite the ever-energetic Tony Scott at the throttle, the sleek new edition isn't as transporting as it should have been.





@highlight

Despite a strong cast, The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 suffers under the excesses of Tony Scott's frantic direction, and fails to measure up to the 1974 original.