The terrific location shots of master cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezkic kept me from tuning out this artsy-fartsy love story musical before I got into it.
If you're on the film's wavelength, plenty of its beats and rhythms will strike a chord.
I could have sat in the cinema foyer for two hours, watched a mix of people walk past, and actually learned more about life.
...129 minutes worth of rich, idle, pretty drama queens warbling on about how hard their lives are and the burden of their messed-up relationships is simply too much to bear.
Is time moving forward or back here? It's hard to tell but, despite some nice moments it's definitely going on too long.
I cannot help but imagine that a version of the film which fully embraced its nature as an experimental film would be more satisfying and powerful.
[Terrance Malick] prefers to create a visual representation of love, which is fine in theory and juvenile in execution.
Remember when Terrence Malick movies happened once in a geological age? God be with the days.
"Nothing felt real," Mara laments at the start of Song To Song. That, sadly, is an observation that can just as well be aimed at the movie as a whole.
At best, the Malick method is a cinematic sacrament. At worst, it's a moronic, cringeworthy perfume commercial. Malick's new film, Song to Song, is his worst yet. An absolute shocker.
Austin is Malick's adopted home town, but if he really wanted to boost its profile, he would have been better off making a nice, simple documentary about it.
Song to Song might be nice to look at, but it is a chore to sit through.
It all adds up to a beautiful nothing.
While scattered sequences are powerful, especially when paired with a diverse array of musical selections, the cumulative impact is muddled.
Frame to frame, yawn to yawn . . .
An insufferably pretentious affair that feels like a selection of improvised rehearsals rather than the finished article.
Haters be damed - this is one of the year's best.
It's just full of extremely hot people whispering and kissing each other's stomachs and walking on beaches and staring at each other while a voiceover says couplets better suited to aftershave adverts.
It won't convert the unconvinced, but it is beautiful, melancholic, audacious and well-played, a refinement rather than reinvention of a singular filmmaker.
We're left with gorgeous photography (Emmanuel Lubezki), a plotless plot and a sense that some transcendentalist Nashville may lurk here waiting to be discovered, though not - thanks - by me.
There are some inspired visual flourishes and it is a film with its own weird stamina and momentum: sometimes exasperating, sometimes mesmeric.
No Badlands, but the best of the recent minor Malicks. And it features Val Kilmer with a chainsaw.
Much like a profound homily that can be a bit too long for its own good, Song to Song has much spiritual and emotional substance in its unique style once you tap into its stride.
Often feeling closer to a long perfume advert than a drama, Song to Song is indisputably stylish but lacking in both impact and soul.
The failure of Song to Song lies in the chasm that continues to widen between Terrence Malick's directing style and the scope of the narrative he wishes to take on.
The lack of a strong storyline and strong narrative did not make Song To Song as enjoyable of an experience as I had hoped.
After three films, the auteur's habit of employing the most attractive of movie stars as leads while 'real' people and members of ethnic groups are used as exotic props has seriously diluted the impact of the work's promise of transcendence and salvation.
Less a movie than a year's subscription to Architectural Digest crammed into a 130-minute montage.
The scenery is more interesting than the movie stars moving through it -- until we're blessed by this Malick movie's version of a priest: punk rock high priestess Patti Smith.
Everyone wants to get inside the other, live inside the other's warm soul for a brief moment of connection and comfort. But they're all such airy characters, they breeze through the spaces like so many familiar, almost stereotypical spectres.
The haughtily unenlightened can joke and snipe and snore all the want. As evinced by Song to Song, Malick is operating in top form. If only we'd be bothered to do the work of making sense of it.
Malick has been accused of ever-increasing navel-gazing in his movies, and this one does nothing to rebut that charge.
Terrence Malick's latest film isn't so much a movie as it is a freeform collection of whispers and beseeching looks.
The music-industry backdrop makes Song To Song feel less isolated and self-absorbed, especially when the characters interact with actual musicians... But there's still a lot of spinning and twirling to get through.
Song to Song is not only the most narratively sound and most naturally acted film from Malick's recent oeuvre, it also becomes a contact high. And for a film about navigating the potential pleasures of a bustling music scene, that's the proper feeling.
Pro Tip: If you have Emmanuel Lubezki shooting your belly button lint, it's gonna look like pretty great belly button lint.
Though my low expectations were essentially met, I'm tired of Terrence Malick coasting on mediocrity and it being considered "experimental"
Malick's head is so far up his bum these days that he's lucky he doesn't see polyps.
In Song to Song, Malick's concerns have clarified into a clearly expressed conservatism.
Another empty, heavily voice-overed perfume commercial.
The man behind me literally stated -- as we rounded the two-hour mark -- "Please God, let it be over." I felt the same way. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
Terrence Malick fans will be pleased, and detractors will be annoyed; this drama is filled with Malick's usual trademarks: beautiful wanderings, poetic thoughts, an existential portrait of longing.
Malick hasn't had much interest in plot for years now, and of his last three movies, this one is the most obviously script-less, with scene after scene that feels like he brought his actors to a location and told them to do whatever they wanted.
What happened here?
Malick seems to be straining to make grand statements about love and life and creation -- but the results are a maddening, disappointing assembly of disjointed moments and ponderous voice-overs.
With an A-list cast set against the Austin music scene, Malick has finally found a palatable balance between his visual and narrative poeticism.
I'm sure Malick and his editors had a focused intent when sequencing the imagery, but nothing so specific registers on the big screen. What it amounts to is an empty exercise in free association that becomes unbearably dull as the film wears on.
Our heroes spend most of the time wandering around a comically underpopulated Austin, voice-overs letting us know their thoughts, bits of dialogue advancing what little plot there is.
If there is a silver lining to Song to Song, it is the simple fact that even though it is ultimately a failure as a film, it is indeed a Terrence Malick through and through that he has made without any hint of compromise.
the subdued, controlled chaos works
This is the one with Ryan Gosling, and like Terrence Malick's two previous dramas it's a gauzy, improvised affair that looks like a photo essay out of Architectural Digest and regards its gorgeous, murmuring actors as if they were statuary.
It's a haunting, doleful meditation on sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll, the type of movie that can deeply move you and leave you wondering why.
"Song to Song" is Terrence Malick's first truly awful film.
It's hard to say if the film's opaqueness is a distraction, or a saving grace; certainly, this kind of Euro arty ethos is easier to swallow in another language.
"Song to Song" isn't the sleepy disappointment Malick's last two films were, but it's hard not to wish he'd wake up.
If "Song to Song" is a punctuation point in Malick's search for a new visual language, let it be an instructive one.
Some moviegoers will find the experience frustrating; others will be exhilarated by a film that's far afield from the usual formulas.
Song to Song is slightly less pretentious than Malick's last film, the 2015 sigh of ennui Knight of Cups, though it features just as many miniature actresses.
"Song to Song" tests its dreamers and wanderers and leaves them a little wiser, maybe, for the experience. And maybe that's the best way to express how I felt watching it ...
"Song to Song" reminds a viewer of what latter-day Malick does best ... place pretty Caucasian chalk outlines within a filmic world of such paralyzing beauty that we're prompted to appreciate the reality into which we stagger once the film is over.
The investigation into Terrence Malick's fall from grace continues with his latest, Song to Song, a film very much like Malick's previous one, Knight of Cups.
Song to Song is quintessential Terrence Malick movie; it's a collection of ecstatic images designed to invoke the divine, to affirm the presence of God. Watching it, as usual, requires the patience of Job.
The major quest in Song to Song is Malick's search for a story. He may be one of the last Hollywood believers, but this time his filmmaking amounts to nothingness.
For 129 minutes, we're treated to Oscar winning cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki's ("Gravity") camera swirling around characters breaking into little dances, Mara and Portman's belly buttons and birds taking flight.
The distinguished director has been making the same movie out of the same B-roll footage for years now, and it reaches an unfortunate climax with Song to Song.
Another lethal boring and relentlessly inert load of self-indulgent twaddle cut from the same maddening bolt of existential cloth as the Texas-based writer-director's other pseudo box-office bombs ...
It is with heartening exhilaration to announce, then, the Malick of old has finally returned. Confidently sprawling and startlingly clear-eyed, "Song to Song" is of a whole with itself, always lyrical and often breathtaking to watch take shape.
Of course you don't have to conform to traditional filmmaking norms. But you have to replace them with something, anything, and what began as bold formal experimentation has quickly collapsed into monotony.
A long, strange, unexpected trip that's visually beautiful and unsettling in a way that lingers.
Malick ... displays a conspicuously painterly boldness, a sort of cinematic Impressionism that locates an indelible force of light and detail in the stuff of daily life.
Even at his most indulgent, Malick brings something to the movies that no one else ever has, a way of looking at the world that is easily imitated but has never been equaled.
Song to Song seems destined to be remembered only by Malick's most die-hard fans, who can pore over its semiotic details for years to come.
There is a certain tune trapped inside of Terrence Malick's head, and it is infecting his work.
Only for the most hardcore Terrence Malick fans... and even they may not dig this particular tune.
The great achievement of Malick's latest film is that he validates that sentiment through the sheer power of his visceral, sensual, and above all temporally and spiritually searching filmmaking, making it feel like wisdom resounding throughout the ages.
The actors make these characters vivid, within a structure that is recognisably Malick's.
Malick's film is not a crowd-pleaser. It provides not escapism, but a critique of the escapist fantasies that populate our mediated lives. It's a jolting jeremiad masquerading as poetry.
Though Song to Song can get repetitive and directionless, it's also dynamic and satisfying by its conclusion.
Legendary filmmaker Terrence Malick hits all the wrong notes with this rambling, incoherent love-triangle story set against the Austin, Texas music scene.
The greatest artistic provocation of all is that of surprising, strange, and innovative art that dares the ridiculous in the pursuit of beauty.
It's a brainy concept album made up of B-sides and filler. The musicianship is superb but the songs needed work.
The passion! The anguish! "Can't you see I hurt?" Malick cries out from the darkness. It's hard not to reply, "Can't you see you suck?"
"Song to Song" continually flits - like the butterfly seen in one fleeting shot - from theme to theme, from love (always love) to fidelity, betrayal, identity, art, freedom, captivity, forgiveness and mercy.
The famous, finely chiseled faces that drift before the camera both fulfill and complicate one of the director's aims, which is to critique the fleeting temptations and soul-crushing consequences of fame, beauty, power and decadence.
Malick's just doing his own thing. Everyone's still running to catch up with what he did in the '70s. He's already on another planet.
If there's a sense of diminishing returns to Song to Song, no one makes movies like Malick.
As close to experimental-film parody as a major filmmaker's predilections can get -- woozy shots of slender gods and goddesses in open spaces -- without incurring open laughter.
Terrence Malick's Song to Song is about floating along on currents of uncertain desire and excitement.
When endured at a 129 minutes, Song to Song totally lack the lyricism intended. In actuality, it has all the poetry of a greeting card
Reports of Terrence Malick's irrelevance have been greatly exaggerated.
It's easily the best of his films since The Tree of Life, a deceptively simple and affecting look at regret, forgiveness and the human condition, told in a way only Malick could.
Song To Song simultaneously wants to capture every little thing in its sight, and as few big things as possible; it's a strategy as foolhardy as it is stunningly beautiful.
Malick's story is simple, for once, and his themes clearer than ever.
Song to Song is like watching a gorgeous home video of a family you don't know, and don't want to.
Song to Song affected me more than any film I've seen in the past few years, not just staying with me for days but making me feel differently about what is right and what is good looking forward, and that is surely something to be cherished.
It's unfortunate that Malick seems to prefer the rockier approach.
You could build a first-world economy using the critics and viewers Malick has estranged over the years. But connect with the kineticism of Song to Song, and it might just leave you breathless.
There is only the barest frame of plot in Song to Song, the particulars of which are often incoherent or vague; even character names seem to be superfluous, prosaic details that can only interfere with the director's lofty vision.
Best appreciated as a sensory experience whose deeper meanings aren't nearly as profound as the filmmaker and cast believe, "Song to Song" demonstrates that Malick remains a singular artist -- albeit one in a palpable rut.
A beautiful, melancholic rush of imagery, dizzying the senses at every turn.
Song to Song unfolds in and around the rock scene in Malick's adopted home town of Austin, but you sense it wouldn't be noticeably different if it had been set at a bacon factory or an ice rink.
Malick's now familiar themes and experimentations are beginning to suggest that, like all of us humans, he is stuck in a rut he can't see or escape.
Malick's camera was once drawn to the sky, as the light from above plays on the leaves. With Song to Song, he's simply seeking a backstage pass to hang with the cool kids.
Whatever Malick's been exploring over the past few years pays off here. Song to Song is far from his strongest film, but it's his best work since The Tree of Life.
In some ways Song to Song is a more straightforward narrative than the intensely personal Knight of Cups, but just as blindingly beautiful and formally distinctive.
Song To Song is one of the more accessible Malick films as of late, succeeding largely in part thanks to a cast who plays their dramatic beats like poetry in motion.
One of his most emotionally dense films, and perhaps the most outright restless.
The result is disheartening and may even leave you resentful, with the knowledge that a true poet is painting with the same splendorous canvas, and yet still offering diminishing returns.
Suffice to say that Song to Song is not designed to win back onetime admirers who felt Malick's To the Wonder and Knight of Cups drowned in their own navels.
It pains me to say it, but Malick might want to consider another lengthy hiatus.
In terms of content and meaningfulness, Terrence Malick's Song to Song is the cinematic equivalent of a Trump press conference.

@highlight

As visually sumptuous as it is narratively spartan, Terrence Malick's Song to Song echoes elements of the writer-director's recent work -- for better and for worse.