It's worth hanging on for where Greco goes with this.
Movies don't come more personal than Canvas, writer/director/co-producer Joseph Greco's serious-minded exploration of the devastating effects unleashed by mental illness upon an otherwise tightly knit American family.
Though Canvas may not deviate much from the formula followed by so many other movies about families imperiled by health crises, it's unusually perceptive about the ways that loved ones process (or fail to process) the resulting stress.
There is something to be said for a filmmaker like Greco who takes the truth -- no matter how tough it is -- and turns it into a compelling drama about people we might know in life.
It's like a public service announcement with dialogue.
[A] strong first feature.
If it weren't for the terrific performances, Canvas would be a dull and lifeless film; Marcia Gay Harden explores the schizophrenic character of Mary with a judicial technique that is both compassionate and credible.
Writer-director Joseph Greco makes a nice feature-film debut telling a true, disturbing story about a 10-year-old boy struggling to cope with a schizophrenic mother.
Canvas just doesn't sketch a sufficiently vivid portrait.
Canvas is worth seeing for the acting, but the disease-of-the-week conventions and hackneyed visuals pretty well knock the wind out of its sails.
Greco succeeds where many others have failed in giving a real sense of what it is to grow up with a parent who's hobbled by mental illness.
Greco takes his biggest risk, perhaps, when he puts that boat in water with father and son manning the sails. It could be a mawkish scene that sinks everything that came before it, but like the watercraft that symbolizes so much, the movie remains afloat.
I can see why it was a hit at film festivals. I only hope it now gets its due in theaters.
First-time filmmaker Joseph Greco draws on personal experience for this devastating yet honest portrait of an ordinary Florida family.
Though Harden has the showier role, a subdued Pantoliano is the movie's real star. Sometimes, the quietest performances are the most powerful.
Canvas is a serious film about mental illness and a sentimental heartwarmer, and succeeds in both ways.
Canvas is a movie that rings emotionally true, despite structural contrivances and dim, washed-out color.
Small and slow-moving, and not in a way that means finely detailed and pensive.
Despite its admirable qualities, Canvas fizzles and falls into cliche.
An absence of detail means that Canvas teaches little about what it's like to be mentally ill or to know someone who is.
Greco's sincerity is so palpable that the frequent uplift feels deserved, but with just-passable filmmaking and the demeaning score, Canvas falls somewhere between powerful indie and made-for-TV diversion.
Writer-director Joseph Greco's refusal to explain the roots of Mary's madness gives John's desperate desire to summon happier days a bewitching poignancy.
The director happens to know the often maligned subject of mental illness well from his own childhood as the son of a psychotic mother, and he embraces it with genuine feeling, emotional spontaneity and absence of consciously formulated dramatic pretense.
An unusually sensitive take on schizophrenia.
Auds will experience the joy of discovery in Greco's fact-based drama -- not just in its perspective on schizophrenia and the effect of the disease on one Florida family, but in Joe Pantoliano's cliche-demolishing performance.



@highlight

Canvas is a faithful portrayal of mental illness highlighted by terrific performances.