We share a palace insider's perspective as Marie-Antoinette lives her last days at Versailles, prior to her arrest and eventual appointment with "Madame Guillotine." It's. like Upstairs Downstairs at Versailles.
Go see period historical drama at its best and live within the walls of a time of extraordinary luxury and danger.
Farewell, My Queen is a knife-edge drama that steadily builds tension that at times becomes as unbearably tense as the relationship between the three leading ladies.
Sidonie is a character who literally eavesdrops on history, becoming the audience's first-person yet second-hand source for such significant events as the storming of the Bastille...
His portrait loses some of its eerie power through the ugly twist at the film's conclusion, but she remains a fascinating enigma, and touchingly human.
Like the Americans, the French are infatuated with their history. They also love long close-ups of beautiful women in period costume. These elements combine in this painfully pretty period chamber piece.
It is the life of Versailles that Jacquot captures: all the petty politics, positioning and preening. And that is simply a glorious sight to see.
While it does not hang together as a whole, Farewell, My Queen is still an interesting and engaging film that should be overall commended for what it does achieve.
It's kind of the Rosencrantz and Gulidenstern Are Dead approach to history, observing it from the perspective of a "minor character", and it works ... it's a fascinating glimpse of a moment in history from, essentially, a safe bystander.
A strangely mixed film, sliding from intimate scenes of royal indolence to muted panic in candlelit corridors, a distinct undercurrent of detached uncertainty always present in both story and style.
A mood of melancholy and the film is beautifully lit and shot. But there's something missing in the telling and its often disjointed structure mitigates against the emotional satisfaction we are seeking
Visually sumptuous, this French Spanish co-production about the last days of Marie Antoinette is a far cry from Sofia Coppola's 2006 lollypop version
It should be retitled; 'Sidonie, Marie Antoinette's just not that into you.'
The complex triangle at the dark heart of his film, set against the surging social change of a nation, makes for both a superb historical epic and a compelling human drama.
The film shows both sides of the social spectrum within the court akin to "Upstairs, Downstairs" and "Downton Abbey," but with bloodthirsty rabble at the door.
Jacquot masterfully gets across the politics, jealousies and jockeying of court life...and Romain Winding has achieved the beautiful look of natural lighting in lush interiors and shadowy corridors with the director's first foray into digital filmmaking.
By the time Seydoux realizes what's in store for her and her queen, we're almost as surprised as she is.
History doesn't let us feel much sympathy for Marie Antoinette. But "Farewell, My Queen" almost has us rooting for her and those who love her by its finale.
An urgent look at the fall of Versailles
It was a very pleasant surprise to find that this was far from your average Marie Antoinette biopic.
As a portrait of a world ending, it's frequently compelling stuff.
Jacquot has chosen wisely in casting Léa Seydoux in the key role of Sidonie, whose luminous but watchful eyes suggest a soul wise beyond her years.
At 99 minutes, "Farewell My Queen" provides a glimpse into the early stages of the French Revolution, told from the perspective of those who mostly lost their heads because they were too blind to see beyond their own wants and needs.
Beniot Jacquot [...] compliments immersive storytelling with a cast full of painstakingly authentic performances.
The period detail is exquisite, and the motivations and emotions of the characters need no translation for the modern viewer.
"Farewell, My Queen" is a layer cake of royal pleasures, rote protocols and revolutionary politics. For skeptics who thought this story had grown stale, let them eat their words.
The details of the plot are unimportant: that is the main point made by the skillful director, Benoît Jacquot. It is the slowness with which they realize what is happening that fascinates.
The movie ultimately has something potent to say about the ways ordinary people, caught up in history's waves, can either drown or surf.
Filmmaker Jacquot has always had a knack for directing actresses, and both Seydoux and Kruger luxuriate in the end-of-an-era-ness.
Although it was shot at Versailles, and its actors are dressed to the 18th-century nines, Farewell, My Queen has a loose, reportorial intimacy about it.
Psychologically knotty and bracingly immediate... Léa Seydoux is riveting.
As we follow her through the monarchy's abrupt collapse, "Farewell, My Queen" gives us intimate, unflaggingly energetic history as seen from the servants' quarters.
As drama it offers a fascinating portrait of the Ancien Regime decaying in the face of new 'Enlightened' thinking.
The film boasts Vermeer-like interiors lit by candle or firelight glowingly reflected in gilt-adorned paneling and screens, and in one memorable shot, the gleaming skin of a nude sleeping Gabrielle.
The foreboding and chaos contrast neatly with the lavish costumes and sets.
We know what will happen, of course, but Jacquot still manages to create tension, as well as a semi-soap opera, among the let-them-cake-eaters of post-Enlightenment France.
"Farewell, My Queen" is worth a look simply for its look.
The guillotine's blade is, as yet, nowhere to be heard. But you can feel Jacquot's pleasure is slicing and dicing this material in novel ways.
If you have a thing for French royalty, this is an intriguing new take.
Jacquot subtly shifts the movie's force and moral inquiry towards Seydoux, and her alert performance provides a melancholy humanity.
With attractively costumed actors and a no-expenses-spared approach, the movie is the closest we'll get to experiencing Versailles alongside the queen.
Jacquot takes a refreshingly understated approach to costume drama, avoiding historical generalizations to focus on the particulars of palace life and the psychological states of individual characters.
Notions of sexual politics, social ambition and ordinary folks transformed by attire and a title remains relevant in any era.
Benoit Jacquot's engrossing film tells a story we know well, seen from a point of view we may not have considered.
An opulent imagining of Marie Antoinette's last days.
Sexy, refreshing, well-acted and consistently compelling. It offers much more to offer than just beautiful set and costume design.
The performances from all three leads are dynamic, and the visual re-creation of the period is stylish.
Unfolds with urgency. Its intense focus is on events of given moments, rather than events of history.
This movie blows away the dust of history to present a vivid, richly detailed account of life in the cocoon of the royal palace of the ancient régime before the Revolution.
Gripping, mature account of Marie Antoinette.
It's a strangely unsatisfying combination of bloodless observations and unresolved sexuality. But Diane Kruger's queen, a mature beauty mourning the loss of her youth, is a vivid portrait of willfulness, childishness and genuine neediness.
Just in time for Bastille Day! -- this is a nice corrective to the new-wave madness of Sofia Coppola's "Marie Antoinette."
Jacquot's lavish décor and costumes are like the perfume the women use instead of bathing: They may cover up the willful carelessness at the center of the project, but it's still there.
... a moody, elegant and perceptive film that presents a three-dimensional King and Queen mired in a tornado of their own creation.
Matching the strength of these actresses and their personal drama is the film's masterful sense of time and place - the way it makes us feel that this was how it was during four pivotal days in July 1789 as the wheels came off the French monarchy.
Deftly captures the sense of impending revolution from within the mirrored halls of Versailles.
There is indeed debauchery, betrayal, power-plays and tragedy as befitting the historical events, but the movie unfurls in a quiet, low-key manner.
Benoît Jacquot's tense, absorbing, pleasurably original look at three days in the life and lies of a doomed monarch ...
The experience of watching it is something like lounging on a satin divan, being fanned lazily with a bouquet of ostrich plumes.
Farewell, My Queen has some routine period-drama moments, but at its boldest it foretells a time when a single girl can be a free woman.
Think of it as eating a rather rich piece of cake - even if the real Marie Antoinette never actually did suggest anything of the kind.
An impossibly lavish historical tapestry comes to breathtakingly vivid life in Benoît Jacquot's ultra-intimate account of the most famous French queen of them all.
It stays on the surface, but at least that surface is gorgeous.
Farewell, My Queen was shot in Versailles, but its flat schematism only highlights that the backdrops had a better story to tell.
Jacquot ... turns his audience into Peeping Toms, limiting our views of Her Majesty and her entourage in accordance with where Sidonie happens to be at a given moment.
The pleasure of Jacquot's film is in watching various strains of discreet, heated, and deluded passionate attachment performed.
A well-observed but emotionally muted costume drama.
Control is the operative element in Benoît Jacquot's work, with the main caveat being that when someone has it, someone else does not.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Marie Antoinette takes on the façade of lesbian-rebel-savant in Benoit Jacquot's nuanced cinematic rendition of Chantal Thomas's novel.
Jacquot gazes avidly at this closed-in world of women; if his camera pressed any closer to them, it would be subcutaneous.
A costume drama well acted but marred by hazy film quality.
Jacquot injects a welcome shot of immediacy into the costume drama proceedings with an off-center vantage point and dynamic camerawork.
An exquisite French costume drama about the early days of the French revolution and a servant girl at Versailles who sees it all.
What's really magical about Farewell, My Queen is that it gives the audience something to do other than stare at the scenery. It's thrilling. A rare example of something antique feeling genuinely brand new.
This is a solid, sometimes provocative piece, although substantially more old school than the knowingly hip revisionism of Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette.
Historical drama set in the early days of the French revolution is intelligent Euro eye candy at its most lavish.



@highlight

Farewell, My Queen transcends its gaudy period trappings to offer an affecting historical drama built on timeless - and timely - themes.