Chloe reminded me of Fatal Attraction, which was a believable and captivating film. This knockoff is not.
Intense at times, intriguing at others, Chloe will have her audience in those who want to see, peeking as in a peep show the intimacies of a woman, her husband and her lover. [Full review in Spanish]
Are meaty female roles so hard to come by in the US these days that even actresses as formidable as Moore choose such compromises?
Becomes more a turnoff than a turn-on.
Chloe starts off as an intriguing psychological drama - and then veers off into B-movie territory. Yet Moore and Neeson are such classy actors that they can't help but elevate the pulpy material.
The film goes shockingly flat when the more conventional thriller elements--what should be the film's bread and butter--kick in.
Egoyan's lyrical, ethereal style is present, but Catherine's motivation and masochistic tendencies seem to emerge out of nowhere.
I'm not often a fan of remakes but this intriguing tale has been beautifully told by Oscar nominated director Atom Egoyan.
An erotically charged arthouse thriller that will make you squirm in your seat and curse yourself for bringing a date.
The liberally featured architecture of Toronto, where Chloe was shot, is outstanding. The film is another matter.
Amanda Seyfried is a sweetly vulnerable Chloe; Julianne Moore is cold, brittle and, well, Julianne Moore, as Catherine. Fascinating.
Pity Egoyan didn't expend that degree of attention on sculpting a more memorable film, especially when you've got the powerhouse potential of Liam Neeson and Julianne Moore at your disposal.
That this film takes so long to go off the rails -- when really, it could have been an instant train wreck -- is all down to Moore's poised portrayal.
As the film's tone moves from psychological drama to erotic arthouse thriller, slickness and absurdity overpower the playful, treacherous ambiguities it has established.
It's doubly disappointing because before everyone turns into clichés this seemed poised to actually say something moderately interesting about love and relationships.
While the film begins as an intriguing and tense thriller, the latter half veers into ridiculous melodrama.
The premise doesn?t really hold water and our credulity is stretched, just as it was in Anne Fontaine?s 2003 original, Nathalie
A tantalising thriller with explicit sexual content, the film is also a love story, made not so simple by the florid set up and narrative
This isn't a particularly deep story but it does a good job at making what would be obvious in a Skinemax movie much more ambiguous.
Moore and Seyfried provide the film with an intense breath of authenticity guaranteeing you feel the pain inflicted upon their characters by the plot's extreme circumstances.
Given all of its mind games and sex games and seductions through storytelling, it's surprisingly conventional, but... a compelling psychodrama with an elegantly sexy surface.
Even with all the sexual prerequisites met, Chloe feels more like a damp domestic drama than a steamy erotic thriller.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Prurience, justified.
Quiet desperation has power. A look, a gesture and what isn't said often says more than reams of dialogue. Ordinary actors can't pull it off. Neither can ordinary directors.
Chloe, a shallow, formulaic thriller that feels rushed and somewhat routinely slapped together, registers as a surprising disappointment.
Amanda Seyfried's performance is gripping and seductive, as is Julianne Moore's. Egoyan achieves great tension through methodical character development and unflinching style.
This remake is a tantalizing, salacious melodrama with good performances by Moore and Seyfried, even though Neeson's role is little more than a cameo.
Many intriguing psychological crosscurrents roil this scenario, but Egoyan too often lapses into a soft-core dreamland. The film somehow manages to be both a turn-on and a turnoff.
Chloe follows a well-worn narrative path, the marital strife triangle, with disappointing but vividly lurid results.
... there's a feeling of life behind and beneath the screen, of still waters running deep and dark.
It is a movie that, while on the surface intriguing, left me more than a little bit cold, its final images more perplexing than haunting and all I could do when exiting the theatre was shake my head in quiet dissatisfaction.
Overall, the strong characters and Egoyan's patient, thoughtful mood and pacing make it an above average effort.
"Chloe" is a taut, adult thriller that succeeds so well in its set-up that when the third act rolls around, you're left expecting more.
Tediously slow and sordid, it's the seedy story of a woman scorned.
The story is the problem here, devolving into a ridiculous situation that produces far more groans than chills or thrills.
A serious misstep...treating what is actually a lurid story as though it were a piece of high art.
If Chloe only worked as a performance showcase [for Moore and Seyfried], that would still be reason enough to justify its existence.
The entire ensemble plays it with a straight face, even the lesbian antics, and hey, why wouldn't they? These are Oscar nominees after all.
I enjoyed because the actors don't camp it.
Egoyan is an expert at isolating people, but he's less sure of himself when it comes to how they connect. So what happens to the character of Chloe is the worst kind of surprise, the "Huh?" that throws you fatally out of the movie.
The script's feminine perspective helps elevate the film from Egoyan's usual sexy (but satisfying) thriller into something a tad more insightful.
A seamy and delicious melodramatic wallow centered by another fearless performance from Julianne Moore.
An intriguing erotic thriller undone by a silly, generic ending.
A tame affair compared to its counterparts over on the Continent, but at least it's neither juvenile nor prudish, two qualities that taint the majority of homegrown flicks ... It's a shame, then, that the film utterly collapses as it rounds third base.
The movie is entertaining and undeniably sexy, filled with an atmosphere charged by lust and desire.
This sleazy and cheap imitation of the original takes a silly and ridiculous turn in the third act. It becomes a kinky lesbian imitation of "Fatal Attraction." The tawdry sexploitation will be titillating for dirty old men.
A mature, adult experience.
Chloe's aesthetic is both distancing and, largely on the strength of Moore's translucent performance and Seyfried's boldness, forcibly intimate.
A seductive and mostly intriguing erotic thriller that eventually loses steam and veers toward silliness while failing to trust the audience's intelligence. Amanda Seyfried sizzles.
The only Verhoeven element that's missing is deliberate camp, a healthy ladling of which might have made Chloe worth watching for some reason other than the prospect of glimpsing Seyfried's and Moore's admirably formed torsos.
Nearly too stupid to be considered misogynistic (although not quite), Chloe would be straight-to-video if it starred lesser actors and bore the name of a director considered trashier like Paul Verhoeven or Adrian Lyne.
There are certainly moments in the film where you won't want to make eye contact with anybody else in the theater. But that may be because your eyes are glued to the screen, kept there by a film so seductive and profound.
This is a high-toned erotic thriller, handled with style and some emotionally raw scenes, aiming for an effect that's pleasingly unnerving, if not outright arousing.
Yeah, it's kinda kinky. But given that Moore and Seyfried are terribly attractive women, watching their little dance of desire has its pleasures.
As it slides wearily into worn-out sex thriller conventions, Chloe becomes tedious and mechanical. When it's over, you're left feeling kind of cheap.
Atom Egoyan gets the erotic stuff right but pretty much drops the thriller part on its head.
I wish that if Egoyan wanted to make a sexy softcore movie, he had made one that fully embraced its sexiness. I wish that the bits in which it is actually sexy were a little less... mean and depressing.
...cruel and prurient, a calculated and heartless movie that barely succeeds on its cool, if barely engaged, intelligence.
Evokes Hitchcock during its compelling first two acts before collapsing at the less stealthy feet of Adrian Lyne...
Director Egoyan has lost his mojo and no matter what he does, he can't seem to reclaim it.
A sleek erotic mystery spiked with unexpected twists. Its plot switches are triggered with a smooth calculation that might have won the Hitchcock seal of approval.
If the tawdry indie flick Chloe had one more gratuitous hotel tryst and starred Shannon Tweed instead of Julianne Moore, it would have been a throwback Skinemax movie.
Between the strong acting, camera work, the subtle yet powerful score and a compelling story that lures us immediately, Chloe is one more bow to the continued artistry of Atom Egoyan.
Predictable but enjoyable mystery thriller with great psycho performances by Julianne Moore and Amanda Seyfried.
It's a "Fatal Attraction" wannabe with some admittedly erotic scenes--but the script is from the "Basic Instinct 2" playbook.
Creepy and sleazy, the film gets most of its power from Julianne Moore, Liam Neeson and Amanda Seyfried's overachievement.
It's neither a good movie nor a bad movie. It's just a movie.
Julianne Moore saves a limp sex thriller
Seyfried surprised me with her ability to be innocently intoxicating and erotic all at the same time
Chloe is a bit of a mess when it comes to the story-telling but Moore and Seyfried deliver enough hot chemistry to keep an audience's interest until the final moments.
Eroticism may begin in the eyes, but it takes up residence in the mind. Chloe never makes that short, synaptic journey and as such, remains undeniably titillating, but never genuinely arousing.
Chloe descends into a preposterous third act that, by any measure, qualifies as a disaster. But it's proof of Egoyan's skill that the film works for as long as it does.
Chloe may be otherwise forgettable, but it offers one of the steamier sex scenes you're likely to see at the movies this year.
Back when Brian De Palma was trying his best to emulate Alfred Hitchcock, he made movies like "Chloe."
The film finds real sensual heat whenever Moore and Seyfried are together, and Egoyan and cinematographer Paul Sarossy turn up the thermostat by making Toronto locales seem exotic and vaguely sinister.
If you've been waiting desperately for a lesbian Fatal Attraction that manages to be simultaneously slick and tawdry, your wish has finally been granted.
Director Atom Egoyan uses an elegant, gliding camera to trap his characters against enormous windows and mirrors, and the effect is disorienting.
Thanks to its stars, it may be a while before you realize how truly artificial its premise is.
So histrionic that they might have escaped from the id of Joe Eszterhas, the events of the climactic reel shred any remaining vestige of dramatic credulity.
It looks pretty, the actors try their best, and we may have found a burgeoning star in Amanda Seyfried. Everything else presented here is worth nothing more than a few well-timed eye rolls.
Cinephile cynics may dismiss this as Atom Egoyan's "paycheck" picture, but I suspect those who follow him in the future may end up reexamining it a decade or so down the road and perhaps find it to be as valid as his strictly art house work.
A highly evocative psychological drama.
The kind of epic disaster that will leave cineastes wondering how a once-great filmmaker could take leave of his senses, artistic and otherwise, as completely as Egoyan does here.
Chloe leaves you longing for more, yes, but that's better than the alternative—praying for less.
Egoyan, essentially, takes a trashy Wild Things-esque film and puts it in a gorgeous glass frame.
Envisioned as a psychosexual thriller about a woman scorned, director Atom Egoyan's latest puzzle is just puzzling, little more than a messy affair with mood lighting, sexy lingerie, heavy breathing and swelling, um, music.
A remake that's an improvement over the original, and an English-speaking women's film that, for once, beats the French at the genre they do best.
The best of Egoyan's films (The Sweet Hereafter, Exotica) deserve serious attention. Not this time.
The first hour or so of Atom Egoyan's film is the sort of engaging, intellectual stuff we've come to expect from the Canadian art house auteur, despite the unusual presence of big-name Hollywood stars.
Things escalate slightly ludicrously...which may be the point - it feels like Egoyan is rather deliberately going over the top in most respects.
Merely elegant schlock, but it does get a consistent charge from [Julianne] Moore's top-notch star turn.
Chloe is an astute character study in the form of an erotic suspense story.
Sure it's a bit much. But just try tearing your eyes away from the screen.
Egoyan keeps you wondering where fantasy starts and ends -- or if there's a fantasy at all.
It can't be recommended even to people who mostly just want to see Amanda Seyfried naked.
Moore, Seyfried and Neeson each boast sufficient sexuality to power a single movie on his or her own. Collectively, they are the erotic dream team.
Even veteran Moore seems flummoxed by the ending, which should tell you something.
Chloe's Hitchcockian overtones and apt pacing mark a welcome return to form for Egoyan.
Its twisty plot ultimately turns into Fatal Attraction with the husbandly guilt ingeniously removed.
Watching Seyfried come into her own as an actress going toe-to-toe with a powerhouse like Julianne Moore is thoroughly satisfying.
It all goes awry in the end, but for a good stretch, Chloe neatly fixes Egoyan's career-long obsessions with identity and communication to the familiar framework of the erotic thriller.
This is one of the few movies you'll ever see where a title character has no back story at all.
Chemistry is an elusive thing in movies. And Chloe, for all of its pretensions, does get something going with Moore and Seyfried.
Alternately silly, stupid and implausible, Chloe is also an entertaining hoot brimming with seduction and deception.
Egoyan's trademark quirkiness definitely makes its presence felt.
Brittle Toronto gynecologist Julianne Moore suspects her hubby Liam Neeson is cheating. So %u2013 dee-dee-dee -- she hires voluptuous call girl Chloe (Amanda Seyfried) to test him. The erotic flick doesn't work for many reasons, but mainly because it's mo
Egoyan never makes a story with one level. He never reveals all of the motives, especially to his characters. He invites us to be voyeurs of surfaces that may not conceal what they seem.
Moore and Seyfried forge such an effective connection that the B-movie turns rarely feel cheap.
A torrent of sensuality, gifted to a pair of female leads more than capable of selling the bejesus out of leg-rubbing, hunched-over desire.
A sleek, erotic drama that uses the familiar and often tawdrily presented plot points of sexual addiction, infidelity and betrayal to dig into the nuance and reasons surrounding the distance between men and women.
Chloe is enjoyable, but it starts out by promising to be considerably more.
Most of Chloe is plodding and drab. We're a step ahead of Egoyan's tricks, and that's because we've seen them -- all of them -- before.
An elegant and thought-provoking drama about sexual yearning.
His recent slump notwithstanding, Egoyan remains an interesting director - one whose near-misses and outright failures retain a compulsive quality. Such is the case with Chloe.
The grotesque finale aside, it's all too soigné to be truly risible, but, thanks to Egoyan's trademark mix of detachment and prurience, the fun is more cheesy than queasy.
With a different cast and director, this movie would be just another fuzzily lit made-for-TV movie. But because of the performances and the rather gorgeous cinematography, one is left wishing that it just could have been something more.
Although offering plenty of material for Freudian and postmodern delectation, Chloe succumbs to its conventions and devolves into a rehash of Fatal Attraction and Basic Instinct.
Taking a cue from its eponymous character, Chloe skillfully seduces you, then leaves you feeling hollow and a little used.
Don't let the wayward Oscar nominees fool you; this sex thriller is trapped in a tepid zone between quality trash and pretentious psychodrama.
The cleverly constructed film manages the neat feat of containing all ingredients of a potential hit while remaining true to Egoyan's body of work.
Sexual suspicion and game-playing spiral down from the exotically intriguing to outright silliness in Chloe.
Atom Egoyan's sex thriller Chloe is a pure guilty pleasure, if you take away that part about pleasure.
...while Egoyan's given his titular character her own band and interesting clothes, he's given Seyfried absolutely nothing to build a character from. She's a blank psycho and Egoyan's film is late night Cinemax fare given a high gloss.
Chloe is an atrocious movie. It's about bratty, self-absorbed people. And it makes the 96 minutes seem like 96 hours. It's a guilty displeasure.
Sexy, erotic tale about how very rich people deal with infidelity.
You couldn't hope for a higher caliber sexploitation movie than "Chloe," even if the sex thriller falls flatter than a day-old quiche.
A sexy but largely unilluminating narrative that finally devolves into a fairly conventional thriller.
Builds to a climax you may or may not buy. But go along for the ride; it's one that's alternately hot and chilling.
What seemed like standard practice for Parisians comes across here as unsmiling porno-farce.
The Girlfriend Experience meets Fatal Attraction in this steamy same sex triangle touching on a lapsed libido, incidental fetishism involving designer stiletto heels that might make Imelda Marcos envious, and the ordeal of stifling your inner lesbian.
The general hamminess implies a low estimation of our intelligence.
Walking a fine line between a serious art film about intimacy and a trashy sexual thriller, Egoyan's Chloe begins well but then turns into a formulaic, explopitative sleazy Hollywood-like suspenser.
Hiring a hooker to entrap your husband makes for good entertainment.
Strong turns from its female leads and Amanda Seyfried elicits more sexual tension from proceedings than Jennifer's Body ever managed.
More slick, less subtle but still enjoyably barmy remake.
Slick-looking and initially engaging film fails to live up to its premise and becomes deeply silly in the final third.
Atom Egoyan's latest picture, Chloe, feels like the kind of sweatily erotic art-house exploitation flick that Bernardo Bertolucci would make on an off-day.
Egoyan is fascinated by the narrowing gap between history and reality, between myth and truth, but this is a by-the-numbers drama, with no believable tension.
You feel the fight go out of Atom Egoyan in Chloe, even before it becomes a straight-up Sapphic Fatal Attraction.
While its European arthouse chic glosses over a less than commanding script, Chloe is nonetheless a mature, composed crisis piece that perhaps just doesn't push its audience as far as its characters.
OK, it's pulpy... but it's also guiltily enjoyable once you appreciate it's little more than a B-movie with an A-list cast.
Remaking the French hit Natalie, Atom Egoyan uses A-list trappings to fashion a B-movie romp that's sleek, slick - and not a bit silly. Seyfried gives Chloe the vital boost it needs.
It has a starry cast, a twisty plot that clearly takes its inspiration from Alfred Hitchcock and is always fun to watch, even if it does ultimately stretch credibility beyond breaking point.
It looks like a cerebral director and hard-working cast trying to treat a piece of trash much more seriously than it deserves.
Rather than recalling the master of suspense, it brings to mind a straight-to-video cheapie you'd find in Blockbuster circa 1992.
It's fairly obvious how it's all going to play out and it's all made worse by the snail's pace it goes at - you'll know the next twist but have to wait 15 minutes for the film to get round to it.
Kinky, captivating, even downright Continental: a Godard or Bertolucci plot given European-standard subtlety from Moore.
Chloe is beautifully shot and worth seeing for the terrific performances by Moore and Seyfried.
This lush, insinuating remake ... benefits from a much more emotionally charged script and lively, layered performances.
It's one of those films that keeps sinking lower than you ever thought possible.
While the performances are top notch, the film itself balances uncomfortably between being a quasi-European arthouse affair about repressed sexuality and a fairly boring and formulaic Hollywood thriller.
Once - and if - you accept that this is a B-movie plot, it is possible to find a level of enjoyment from its undeniably A-movie trappings.
It's not until Egoyan begins to emphasize elements of an unapologetically salacious nature that Chloe becomes more than just an actors showcase...
All three central performances are among what is right with Chloe. It is just too bad they are not supported by a better script.


@highlight

Despite its promising pedigree and a titillating premise, Chloe ultimately fails to deliver the heat -- or the thrills -- expected of a sexual thriller.