... loses steam when the catfighting abruptly gives way to grim realpolitik.
There was no time to be bored in this breathless period piece about royal misbehavior, although I was often bewildered and confused.
This well-crafted historical drama is a treat for Tudor history fans and everyone else who appreciates a lusty tale.
Irresistibly salacious soap opera, teeming with lust, scheming, backstabbing, and some outrageously overheated plot twists.
Apart from the close ups of the lead actresses in 16th century garb, this movie is recommended only to soap opera aficionados and lovers of corsets.
Dreary
A run-of-the-mill costume drama that made me think more about running home and Wikipedia-ing the characters than investing in the story before me.
A very entertaining and involving story of family and sacrifice.
The history may have been narratively scrunched, but it's all the true lives of some powerful and unfortunate people. Very lush.
Portman confere peso dramático à Ana Bolena, mas Johansson e Bana parecem seguir no piloto automático. Além disso, as liberdades históricas tomadas pelo roteiro são absurdas demais para poderem ser ignoradas.
The falling blade is the only element not missing the mark in this film. I wanted to call for the beheading after Act One, and spare the audience instead.
The film gets a full 'This is a work of fiction' disclaimer, even noting that any resemblance to any person living or dead is unintentional. That tells you something about how much trust to put in these historical CliffsNotes.
An all in the dysfunctional family royal romp with incestuous tendencies, this richly textured, dramatically disciplined, erotically laced and emotionally taut creation makes for weirdly kinky historical analysis, but pretty steamy pre-tabloid melodrama.
If only there was some nobility among these royals.
In an earlier era this would have starred Bette Davis and Miriam Hopkins and in its way, The Other Boleyn Girl is just as trashy and enjoyable.
If the late Aaron Spelling had lived long enough to produce Showtime's The Tudors, the result might have been something like The Other Boleyn Girl...
With plenty of betrayal, attempted incest and beheadings crammed into this period episode of The Young and the Restless, The Other Boleyn Sister has appeal in an otherwise stiff genre.
There are moments when you can see how terrific this film could have been
Such unwieldy mechanisms only draw attention to the movie's narrative contrivances.
A rather titillating take on a racy historical novel, this is perhaps too ambitious in intent. More time, or more pruning (perhaps they should just have focused on The Boleyn girl), would have produced a richer and more enjoyable film.
It's a fairly uninspired screenplay. And the same can be said for both the Boleyn girls. They are both extremely fetching in their tight bodices but unengaging as characters.
Hey, wait a minute, is the movie supposed to be this funny?
Feels like an Oscar-bait title that somehow got its DNA mixed up with a daytime soap opera.
A depressing soap opera of a film, "The Other Boleyn Girl" makes early English history, at least for women, look like Hades itself. And maybe it was. After all, a woman's reputation and worth did not depend on so much on her education, personality and goo
Screenwriter Peter Morgan (The Queen) gives the bodice-ripping action of Philippa Gregory's novel a high-tone gloss by stressing the political machinations at work behind the bed-hopping.
It is absurd yet enjoyable, and playing fast and loose with English history is a refreshing alternative to slow and tight solemnity; the effect is genial, even mildly subversive.
Ultimately we are meant to eat chocolates, admire their trembling lower lips, and choose sides.
With only one member of its love triangle really delivering, this packs less of an emotional punch than it ought. And who'd be a courtier, eh?
Ravishing frocks and heaving bosoms are the main constituents of The Other Boleyn Girl, an entertaining bodice ripper lightly disguised as historical fiction.
Why in the name of ermine boleros would anyone make such a dull, coy and, worst of all, pretty film about Anne Boleyn?
Worthy of thine attention? Corset is.
A rather titillating take on a racy historical novel, this is perhaps too ambitious in intent. More time, or more pruning (perhaps they should just have focused on The Boleyn girl), would have produced a richer and more enjoyable film.
The worst thing? It's all hysterical and histrionic, and yet completely dull. I'm not certain how one manages that.
There are a few flaws including historical inaccuracies, but the spirited jousting of Natalie Portman and Scarlett Johansson as the Boleyn Sisters tantalises and tempts us royally
A disappointing costume drama.
The filmmakers have taken a trashy, overheated story of court intrigue and sexual duplicity and sucked the life out of it.
There isn't an enjoyable character in the bunch of this tragedy that constantly spirals downward.
Clumsy and clunky, totally lacking in passion and cohesion, this dull mediocrity is an insult to Philippa Gregory's historical concept of the two rival sisters.
All the lush sets and elaborate costumes cannot disguise the fact that Portman is terribly cast.
I think the performances are really good.
A cautionary tale of what unchecked ambition and lust can do to a person, a family, a nation.
The women in the cast are exceptional. ... The men are miscast.
As sorority party filler or a double bill with the likes of Cruel Intentions, this movie can't be beat.
The Other Boleyn Girl turns British history into a chick flick soaper with high production values and A-list actors.
Set your bosoms to heave and prepare to have your bodices ripped: "The Other Boleyn Girl" is in the house with a pair of 16th century foxes.
When filmmakers re-imagine history, as they did with Becoming Jane and now with The Other Boleyn Girl, affairs of the heart can get dicey. At least Jane Austen kept her head in the process.
I've read reviews calling this a campy bodice-ripper. If only! It desperately needs a dose of the "b$&*%es on heat" sass of the novel. Instead, we have a milk and honey picture.
There will always be adults who want to catch up on the history lessons they slept or passed notes through during their younger years.
Only in a movie this poorly made could a decapitation be dull.
...has the aura of a penny-dreadful bodice-ripper.
Rather than being a boring, humdrum historical drama, this movie turns into a Jerry Springer episode from the 16th century.
The corrupting effect of absolute power and the disruptive effect of fine cleavage.
[An] oversimplified, overheated mediocre melodrama.
Portman and Johansson are phenomenal alone and together.
[A] vulgarized portrayal of the Tudor court.
What Boleyn Girl lacks in character development, it makes up in vigor, immediacy and intelligence.
After covering much of its ground at a stylish canter, The Other Boleyn Girl finishes at a plod.
The Other Boleyn Girl is an agreeable piece of filmmaking, carefully and sometimes artfully balancing solemnity with fluff.
Chadwick and Morgan have cooked up a potboiler, the sort of thing that might have been fun to watch with Bette Davis and Joan Crawford as the Boleyn sisters, while Charles Laughton lasciviously eyed the backs of their necks as Henry.
However embarrassed you might feel in the morning, this in an enjoyable movie with an entertaining angle on a hard-to-resist period of history.
A genteel soap opera in which the sex and intrigue are so muted, so tasteful, that they practically blow off the screen in a scattering of dust.
Most of us know where this story is headed (ba-da-bum), and in order for the moment in question to have impact (ba-da-thump), Anne should engender at least a modicum of sympathy.
An entertainingly sudsy trip through early 16th century English history.
It might help if more effort had been made to make Henry an interesting character (history indicated that he was), but Bana is all costume.
A mild disaster.
Unsexy and not particularly good-looking.
If Russ Meyer had made The Other Boleyn Girl, Anne and Mary Boleyn would have yanked some hair, scratched some eyeballs, walloped each other in their respective kissers, and the movie would have been all the better for it.
As the girls' mother, Kristin Scott Thomas is basically reduced to shaking her head, sighing and wondering how things turned out so badly. Indeed.
More slog than romp, The Other Boleyn Girl tells the salacious story of two hot blue bloods who ran amok and partly unclothed in the court of Henry VIII.
On-location exteriors throughout the English countryside, elaborate costumes, and colorful sets overrun with tapestries, mounds of food and large sporting hounds make this one of the most authentic-looking period films in recent years.
OK as far as it goes, which is not far enough.
This streamlined adaptation of Philippa Gregory's fanciful historical novel is fine fun.
The Other Boleyn Girl is almost too indescribable for words. It's one of the most visually boring films I've seen in some time.
The movie makes history downright thrilling, and it may very well prompt viewers to pick up a book and learn more.
The film's seduction is all too obvious to ravish anyone.
What might have been delicious trash lacks the courage of its trashy convictions, and the result is high-born melodrama with the juice boiled out, so much dry cabbage on fine-china plate.
Not only lacks clarity but also any spark of real verve.
Wow! Hot dueling sisters. Beheadings. Untold wealth and power. Lush costumes. Decisions that change the course of history. And, again -- hot dueling sisters! So how come The Other Boleyn Girl is such a snooze?
With The Other Boleyn Girl, the sheen and shine of the clothing and sets can't quite blind us to the fact there's very little drama under all the drapery, and you'll recall the textures of the fabrics long after you've forgotten the threads of the plot.
This overstuffed bit of fluff can't muster much in the way of excitement. It offers a yawn-inducing, sketchy and fairly questionable version of historical events.
Neither Johansson nor Portman convince.
Ms. Johansson fills the screen in her usually quiet but piercing manner.
A richly appointed period piece, it features kingly tantrums, mistresses, bodices, roaring fireplaces, incest, and mutton. It also features sharply enunciated, period-perfect dialogue in which nary a contraction can be heard.
Despite a certain amount of moral outrage and good performances from the lead actresses, it's neither sexy enough to qualify as good trash nor serious enough to pass for history.
If you're indifferent to silly revisions of history and bad acting, you may enjoy The Other Boleyn Girl. I'm not, and I didn't.
The Other Boleyn Girl is the kind of potted historical drama that's not good enough to take seriously and, sadly, not bad enough to be any fun.
This rendering of the turbulent second marriage of England's King Henry VIII ( Eric Bana) proves too heavy-footed for the old movie two-step of setting up a morality tale, then exploiting it for heat and titillation.
Director Justin Chadwick... seems to have suddenly woken up behind the camera, with no idea of how he got there or what kind of film this is.
...a slightly steamy, highly romanticized period melodrama with real movie stars and a commensurate costume budget.
There are enough of these films now that you can stitch them all together and come away with a complete (if completely inaccurate) history of jolly old England.
...a mix of history, lurid melodrama, sex, politics, and two top-notch actresses, making for a most entertaining brew.
If you thought Elizabeth: The Golden Age was over the top, just wait until you get a load of how her mother is portrayed in this risible soap opera.
When the executioner finally makes his appearance at the end, it will probably inspire the kind of delirious relief and good cheer from audiences that is usually only experienced when Christopher Walken makes an unexpected cameo
The Other Boleyn Girl pretends to be a serious historical romance, but it's really just a bodice-ripper, a cheap Harlequin paperback dressed up in frilly clothes.
It's history, British people, royal family, they need sons%u2026 Yeah.
The Other Boleyn Girl is the Tudors as a romantic, sexy soap opera. With its beautiful young cast, this adaptation of Philippa Gregory's best-selling potboiler is delicious fun.
Like Anne, it is as if the pair's ambition has gotten the better of them, and for all their strengths as filmmakers it's the hurriedly chaotic storytelling which ultimately slices this film's jugular to bloodily exasperated smithereens.
Fascinating in its depiction of a troubled relationship between sisters that is anything but black and white. This emotionally ripe angle to a tragic story that could have been told any number of ways is where the film gets its potency.
You have to rely on more than fancy costumes to make a period piece interesting.
This soap opera with some really silly scenes is not even close to Phillipa Gregory's spellbinding book.
Take away the sumptuous settings and Hollywood glamour and what you have here is like Henry VIII for Dummies enacted by the cast of the OC.
superficial and staged
Chest-heaving displays of humiliation and social positioning...Other Boleyn Girl isn't high art, but it's juicy; 2008's first guilty pleasure.
Not much of a visual epic maybe, but an absorbing, exciting costume drama that works as a historical romance, a family tragedy and a showcase for its young stars.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a fitting prequel to the Elizabeth movies: It's pretty, passionate, and full of historical poppycock.
Feminist subtext aside, the movie is primarily an excuse for ogling some blue-chip actor-flesh.
The film moves in frustrating herks and jerks. What works is the combustible teaming of Natalie Portman and Scarlett Johansson, who give the Boleyn hotties a tough core of intelligence and wit.
Lush historical drama is engrossing but mature.
The talented cast is largely wasted.
Given the zing and zip of [screenwriter] Morgan's prior work, it's fair to guess that the film's want of rhythm and sweep is due to Justin Chadwick's pedestrian direction.
Beneath the thundering horse hoofs and happy wedding fiddles is a viper's nest of sexual intrigue that would be at home on Desperate Housewives.
It's a straightforward, unpretentious joy, and one of the most purely enjoyable films I've seen in some time.
Sticklers for historical accuracy are forewarned: This glossy production plays fast and loose with the facts, abbreviating, altering and excising entire character arcs and plot lines.
A classy romantic cocktail distinguished by its tart yet breezy bite.
Even by its own standards, the movie becomes increasingly macabre and ludicrous as Anne's machinations get the better of her, and everyone, including the audience, is left feeling shattered, shaken and vaguely unclean for having participated in all this.
Everyone will wonder why these girls continue to trust a king who constantly betrays them and wears such pimp-tastic fur.
Dialogue focuses only on how characters relate to each other. A game of love, lust, power, manipulation. Nothing more aside from their rather single-minded aims.
The filmmakers deserve credit for being serious-minded, but they might have hinted at the top of the film that all would not be well in the end.
The Other Boleyn Girl works both as an engagingly sordid meditation on protofeminism and contemporized sisterhood set in a time and a place where either/or were grounds for, at the very least, defenestration.
[A] ridiculously delicious soap opera...
It probably shouldn't be the way in which high-school kids learn about Henry VIII and his court, but it's a fun movie.
The umpteenth film incarnation of Henry VIII's marriage to Anne Boleyn, The Other Boleyn Girl races through the events at the Tudor court like a triple-time miniseries.
A highly absorbing rendition of an endlessly fascinating tale.
Shares a trait with Henry: It's relentlessly powerful and makes up for its lack of well thought-out plotting with deftly effective execution.
Flamboyantly puts across the idea, Be careful what you wish for. Ambition, power and wealth are not what they are cracked up to be.
Well done and beautifully produced. Satisfactorily explains the incest charge against Anne Boleyn.
Eric Bana is absolutely Fabio-lous ... ready to burst from the cover of a romance novel at any moment.
It's just another pointlessly dressed-up take on a story that's already plenty overdressed.
Your eyes will probably roll before anyone's head does.
Portman, Johansson and Bana may be hot, but they can't light a match next to the emotional fireworks of Richard Burton, Genevieve Bujold, Paul Scofield, Vanessa Redgrave and Robert Shaw.
Whatever its virtues, this is entirely too much melodrama to cram into a feature film. Characters are lost, too much happens off camera, and the whole compacted thing feels like Reader's Digest history.
A sexy Tudor soap opera about the beautiful, sensual and tragic second wife of Henry VIII.
Plays like a bad period soap opera, burying the fascinating complexity of the events of the 1530s in crude historical oversimplification and melodramatic cliche.
In the hands of a more competent director, Peter Morgan's strong script might have been turned into something more memorable.
It's trapped between being a tense political procedural and a sensual sex drama and it doesn't have the guts to be either.
And what of these young American actresses' putting on British accents to vie for the king? They seem, at first, like coeds in a college production of The Importance of Being Earnest, but once the dislocation fades, their commitment wins you over.
Adapted from Philippa Gregory's 2002 novel, the potentially captivating subject of two sisters put before a womanizing king by their power-hungry father and uncle, is alas much less than the sum of its parts.
Shot in high definition and filmed at many historic locations, the film somehow still lacks the splendor of an epic.
A sexy, good-looking political bodice-ripper with an almost flawless cast at the top of its game.
A hybrid of trashy period piece and stately Masterpiece Theater episode, this kitschy melodrama can't decide how much to exploit its juicy text about lusty King Henry VIII and his relationships with the Boleyn sisters.




@highlight

Though it features some extravagant and entertaining moments, The Other Boleyn Girl feels more like a soap opera than historical drama.