The dialogue and suspense created by director Polanski are first rate. You will enjoy this film.
In the total context of Polanski's hard life and grim ordeals ... The Ghost Writer constitutes a miracle of artistic and psychological resilience.
It's a slow build that hints at something big from the beginning but unravels nicely throughout.
The Ghost Writer is tense, unsettling and deeply thrilling because of the way a master filmmaker looks at the world.
Polanski's a master of carefully drawing you in that cold gray place where everything is wrong, no one sleeps well and secrets are hidden from the hapless main character until it's too late for anyone to make it out with their lives or souls intact.
For all of it's mirroring of real life circumstances, The Ghost Writer's shrouded revelations are ever transitory.
The great thing about Brosnan's performance is that his character's shadow looms over the entire film, yet Brosnan never resorts to chewing the scenery or becoming a Blair charicature.
Polanski's skills are obvious in his compositions and patience, and a nervous energy hovers over much of the picture...yet I consistently felt disengaged, like the pacing was mismanaged.
I would not put the narrative conceit The Ghost Writer perpetrates in its final moments past a doped up high school sophomore in a screenwriting elective.
An often-tense affair that comes with just the right amount of cynicism, a great cast, and one that treats the audience with a modicum of intelligence.
Polanski at near the top of his form
Polanski does an excellent job evoking an increasing sense of paranoia and danger.
The Greyscale Adventures Of Tony Blair: SuperSpy (as I call it) is a deliberately directed, well acted and classy treatment of a plot that is so balls-out ridiculous I firmly believe the writer wears a tin-foil hat.
Polanski grinds the gears to entertaining effect, never losing pace from beginning to end, while not necessarily offering anything new.
We're all entitled to our own opinions regarding his past but Polanski deserves credit as a filmmaker. The Ghost Writer proves that he's as good as ever at the age of 77.
Polanski's master touch, his attention to framing, lighting, to every detail, and his wicked visual witticisms make it a joy for any film lover. Welcome back, Roman.
This effort joins the director's Frantic in the "jet-lag" category where mind and body can never quite catch up with a new, deeply problematic -- and probably dangerous -- environment.
[E]legant, gripping... gorgeously simple to look at yet deeply involving in its story...
In every respect, this is an exemplar of the art of the thriller. Directors like Polanski are a dying breed. We need more of them.
Stylish and gripping, The Ghost Writer features a master filmmaker at his very best and a story writhing in personal vendetta.
Though Polanski might be a shadow of the filmmaker he once was, he still knows how to push, prod and deceive an audience every which way.
It is good to see Polanski exercising his gift for the sinister. It's a spooky world he evokes here but its architecture doesn't hang together, which is a great pity.
While an intriguing political thriller, it disappointingly lacks the atmosphere of Roman Polanski's previous masterpieces.
The director's shrewd and witty approach to the material demonstrates his finely tuned sense of the absurd. [Blu-ray]
A stylish and capable thriller, but one that somehow ends up being disappointingly less than the sum of its parts.
Part detective story part political thriller, The Ghost Writer is built on recent world events in an imaginary scenario that is not so fanciful as to be incredible
Filled with intrigue and tension. Roman Polanski uses all his skills to bring together the elements for a hit of suspense
This lazily plotted and performed political snoozer has to be one of the most disappointing films I've seen all year.
With The Ghost Writer, Roman Polanksi not only does his most assured thriller filmmaking since the mid-1990s, he also does some of his wittiest work in years.
An aggressive extreme seductress who is on the brink of nearly raping the gullible Ghost, when cornering him in his tub with an offer of towels to dry his tush, doesn't do the trick in this possibly covert bio.
Gostemos ou não do cidadão Polanski, seus filmes continuam a ser obrigatórios para qualquer um que ame o bom Cinema.
A slow-burning and elegant thriller firmly in the Hitchcock mode but with shards of cynicism that are uniquely Polanski's.
Wily and wise, The Ghost Writer is in a way Polanski's A King in New York
But for fans of the auteur able to separate his personal life from his cinematic one, and for others open to old-school suspense where no one gets away clean and failure truly is an option, this political whirligig delivers the goods.
The film will probably be better remembered as a faithful screen adaptation of the Robert Harris political thriller.
Polanski's fiendishly clever and extremely subtle touch is in every frame.
A perfectly passable political suspenser with enough Romanesque flair to satiate admirers. It's a cut above his patchy previous effort Oliver Twist, but never troubles the heights reached by his finest...
[Contains] a series of fundamentally dispiriting moments that are seemingly insulated from criticism by the Polanski brand.
It loses direction as Harris' rage is channelled through some clunky plot developments.
With all the problems in Polanski's life (perhaps not undeserved) he can still turn out a gripping film.
The brilliance of the ensemble acting here is perhaps Polanski's finest achievement
The film is polished and deliberately paced with Polanski's professionalism and a strong cast compensating for a plot that doesn't stand up to close scrutiny.
Polanski polishes the lacklustre material and his impeccable style creates the illusion of suspense where our steady pulse tells us there is none.
Hitchcock would approve.
A supple, amusing, lightweight entertainment graced with likeable performances and an effective, unobtrusive score.
Whether or not Polanski fully grasps the moral of his own excellent film remains to be seen.
It relies on an unusual premise, intriguing characters and expertly generated tension to involve us; and that's just what it does.
The result is certainly Polanski's best film in years and one can only hope his current legal woes - facing extradition to the US over his 1977 conviction in an underage sex case - don't detract from a thriller that oozes intrigue and Hitchcockian menace.
A routine thriller elevated by Polanski's direction and an A-list cast, who are never stretched.
A little long at over two hours, it's still a tense and sinister journey through the dark side of politics.
Polanski's most enjoyable film for a very long time.
Though it will likely be overshadowed by the on-rushing summer blockbusters, The Ghost Writer offers something different and a welcome getaway from feather-lite narratives we're all too used to in modern cinema.
As when Coppola made The Rainmaker, perfectly adequate as it was, there's a sense that Polanski is comfortable plying his expertise: a decent professional job, untroubled by the virtues of art.
The thread of black humour that runs throughout the film compensates for its occasional moments of madness. It's a film just silly enough to be taken deadly seriously.
The Ghost isn't Polanski's best work, but it's a more worthwhile project than the 2005 Oliver Twist remake, his only other movie since winning a best director Oscar for The Pianist in 2003.
Polanski reminds us he's an old hand at building suspense and, even though the plot spirals out of control at the end, The Ghost remains deliciously unnerving.
The script shows butterfingers habits when it comes to narrative detail, and the final revelation holds little interest. But Polanski's approach is always magical. Even when diluted, it casts a potent spell.
The best thing I've seen so far this year.
Directed ably by Polanski, The Ghost is a cogent and chilling conspiracy thriller.
Polanski never lets things get too self-regarding, liberally sprinkling the script - co-written with Harris - with some nice touches of humour from the novel and the change to the ending actually ties things up more neatly.
An entertaining, gripping and well made thriller.
Beautifully directed and superbly written, this is a thoroughly gripping thriller with terrific performances from Ewan McGregor, Pierce Brosnan and Olivia Williams.
What a well-told mystery. Hitchcock must have been watching from above and smiling when 'The Ghost Writer' was filmed.
[Polanski's] delivered yet another well-paced thriller anchored by a great lead performance that could easily serve as the brilliant finale to an equally brilliant career.
There are number of loose ends that are not tied up and some character motivations don't add up. Nevertheless, Polanski polishes everything until it gleams. This is a very slick, good-looking production.
...a smart political thriller ... oozing Polanski's trademark paranoia and claustrophobia which also manages to be topical as well as often wickedly funny.
It's a mood piece that moves. The film clocks in at just over two hours, but it's so enticing in its cold, rain-swept way, the sponge absorbing it is you.
Shows off the director's fine filmmaking craftsmanship and even though it lacks depth it is still one of his better films in recent years.
Polanski delivers his message about power and corruption in a subtle, engaging way, and delivers his message with a wry, humorous edge.
click to read full review
The film plays slightly flat with little in the way of style that distinguishes it as the work of an auteur.
Suspicion and insinuation seep from nearly every frame.
Polanski does a good job at keeping things tense, but comparisons with Hitchcock are overly flattering...
Polanski's film is nothing short of a masterpiece by a filmmaker who has returned to the top of his game.
taut and suspenseful in interweaving the fundamental pleasures of a good mystery with an astute critique of the current sociopolitical climate
...an uneven yet refreshingly grown-up thriller that should satisfy Polanski's fans.
Polanski's movie does a slow, methodical disintegration. More movies should do it that well. Cliche is rarely done with such style.
Harris and Polanski dole out the revelations carefully, and the dialogue crackles with both sophisticated wit and bare-knuckle energy.
...even as we begin to see around the sides of this expertly executed paranoia play we can glimpse Polanski's genuinely dark view, a hard sad kernel of pessimism for the chances of the virtuous nameless against the entrenched brand names of power.
It's the kind of enjoyable, junky melodramatic mystery/roman-a-clef that any script doctor would be proud to admit having written.
The masterful Roman Polanski builds tension with grace and elegance
Polanski is expert at keeping the audience guessing and turning the screws for maximum tension.
Welcome once again to the Ministry of Fear.
May be, at its core, just a standard issue thriller. But as directed by old master Roman Polanski, it turns into cinema of the highest order.
A methodical, intelligent, adult mystery...
The Ghost Writer is equal parts pulp and political thriller, and Polanski follows both threads.
The movie's masterful control -- from its elegantly foreboding opening to the mordant glee of a striking final shot -- is pure Polanski.
As the ghostwriter makes his evaluation at the start of The Ghostwriter, you realize, unhappily, that this is the movie over-explaining itself.
A subtle visual stunner awash in creeping paranoia and anxiety.
Polanski is a master of mood and pacing. The Ghost Writer moves forward at an assured pace and sprinkles in an acerbic sense of humor.
The Ghost Writer could be a disappointing career capper should the wheels of justice finally start rolling.
Sleek and sophisticated, evoking memories of Hitchcock. It's an elegant remainder of what a great director Roman Polanski was - and is.
Oscar-winning director Roman Polanski places the emphasis on mood, atmosphere and dialogue in this creepy political conspiracy thriller.
(I)n a world where the genre has been overdone to death, nothing Polanski brings to the mix is new, novel - or entertaining.
It's refreshing to see that Polanski can still make thrillers that never take a viewer's intelligence for granted.
Smart and atmospheric, with a delicious undercurrent of brutality, this is a political thriller executed with the panache of Hitchcock in his prime.
Trust Roman Polanski to take a plot of global, geopolitical malfeasance and turn it into a paranoid set-piece.
The result is a political thriller refreshingly long on grown-up dialogue yet lamentably shy on, well, thrills. This chatty thing does go on.
The swirl of visual poetry, political intrigue and personal zeal that Polanski creates gets under your skin and brings an icy hand up your back. This is moviemaking.
Sometimes it's a Chinatown. Sometimes not so much. When it comes to celebrating Mr. Polanski's finest works -- maybe we can ascribe this one to The Ghost.
Tthe actors were so intimidated by Polanski's reputation or so baffled by the listless script that almost none of them makes any impression at all.
Polanski is in total command of his medium, something that hasn't been a sure thing since the 1970s, The Pianist notwithstanding.
Ghost Writer is not a delicate and clean weaving of film fabric. This is more like a patchwork quilt.
The Ghost Writer is terrific fun and rousing proof that there's still vital life in an aging master filmmaker.
So elegant, so deliciously scary, so masterfully controlled that you feel tingles of bliss even as your skin crawls.
"The Ghost Writer," Polanski's stylish, ridiculously topical film noir about publishing and political cloak-and-dagger, is a velvety descent into a maelstrom of unease.
The Ghost Writer is a decent little mystery-thriller with some smarts and a good cast.
Another director would almost certainly have bobbled this devilish mixture of paperback suspense, political chicanery, and jet-black comedy. In Polanski's hands, it's an unholy pleasure: a diversion that stings.
As an exercise in craft, it's surprisingly successful, thanks to the strong cast and the vivid depiction of a modern leader's security apparatus.
In The Ghost Writer one can imagine that Polanski is channeling some of his present day dilemmas and demons. It is a stylistic thriller -- worthy of the 1970s -- by a very personal fugitive.
A crisply made, well-written mystery with terrific performances from Pierce Brosnan, Ewan McGregor, and Olivia Williams.
Verbose but lovingly toxic, The Ghost Writer nails a perfect pitch of paranoia with a distinctly retro flair, restoring some needed maturity to the bustling business of thriller cinema.
It might not be the right time for a Polanski film to play in a theater near you, but those unwilling to forgive the sinner will be missing the first great film of 2010, a Manchurian Candidate for the post-9/11 world.
How odd that the two latest films by two of the world's greatest living filmmakers should be adaptations of bestsellers set on islands off the coast of Massachusetts. And that both should be disappointing.
Polanski and co-writer Robert Harris mix political allegory and standard thriller conventions effectively, executing all the twists with style.
A smart, tight picture that looks just nifty and goes down as smooth as a glass of the nicely aged whisky enjoyed at intervals by the film's protagonist.
Polanski draws in his viewers with this well paced, suspense-drama that grows increasingly darker, both in tone and texture.
It's not one of Polanski's masterpieces, but The Ghost Writer doesn't dilute his reputation as a master of suspense.
... although the film's locations are suspect, the overall production, capped by an Alexander Desplat score that recalls "North by Northwest," has Hitchcockian pleasures.
I am consistently amazed at Roman Polanski's seemingly effortless mastery of cinematic craft. There is no wasted energy and no indulgence.
Clever, taut, drenched in Hitchcockian dread, and very well done.
This multi-layered thriller is a tightening knot of noir fascination involving mysterious bodyguards, car chases, top-secret documents, the CIA and end even hidden codes.
The best thing Polanski has done since the seventies, when he brought out the incomparable Chinatown and the very fine Tess.
Seems pale, weightless and--compared to the best paranoid thrillers--surprisingly ephemeral.
The setup is the stuff of fantastic political exploration, which makes the generic payoff all the more disappointing.
The Ghost Writer leaves you with a positive and intriguing feeling but suffered from odd character development which lessened the impact of the film's powerful ending
Not only is "The Ghost Writer" an uncommonly smart and efficient political thriller, it is also a Roman Polanski film through and through and, with the exception of "The Pianist," easily the best and most consistent thing he has done since "Bitter Moon"
creates a wondrous sense of tension with things half seen, half heard, making even the most pedestrian of settings take on the most sinister of aspects.
Like the Swiss clocks that must have watched over his editing suite, Polanski's flick ticks away relentlessly -- at 128 minutes, the film doesn't make us impatient for a second.
This isn't a movie to compare to Chinatown or Rosemary's Baby, but it's entertaining, clever, very funny and largely unpredictable all the way to the end.
The Ghost Writer is minor Polanski but it's one of the rare thrillers these days that plays up to you instead of down.
Brosnan and Williams are the real highlights, both such dynamos that you feel their absence and yearn for their return during the long stretches when McGregor is mucking about on his own.
You're likely to be drawn in by the film's sleek elegance alone and forget about its mysterious underpinnings.
The story involves intricately crafted misdirection and political intrigue in a style reminiscent of David Mamet's Spartan. The omnipresent machinations beckon a second viewing for a deeper read.
Brosnan, long past his James Bond days, has ripened as an actor; he's outstanding.
The element of paranoia Polanski wove so well through movies like Chinatown and Rosemary's Baby is on full display here.
If The Ghost Writer has a fatal flaw, it resides not with the cast but with the truly hideous ending. ... It's laugh-out-loud, groan-worthy bad.
Polanski infuses the action with the quality of a waking nightmare. He has the capacity to take a simple shot of a ship coming into harbor and give it a feeling of foreboding.
From the chic austerity of the Langs' undisclosed location to the gradually revealed nexus between academia, politics and corporate influence, The Ghost Writer offers an unusually astute glimpse of power at its most alluring and corrosive.
One of the first truly Oscar-worthy films of 2010.
Considering that it's been more than a decade since The Ninth Gate, you'd think Polanski would have had more in store.
Parental Content Review
The Ghost Writer, if not among Roman Polanski's greatest works, is certainly among his most pleasurable.
A shrewd, intoxicating slow-burn thriller. Director Roman Polanski fashions a disquieting mood that hangs portentously over the proceedings like an inevitable tragedy foretold.
Doesn't demand much from the viewer, but its smart dialogue, nimble syncopations, and tricky suspense are - while you're there in the theater, in the dark - thoroughly satisfying.
The mystery is unraveled a bit too conveniently, and the fatalistic Chinatown ending feels more rehearsed than revelatory.
Polanski at 76 provides a reminder of directors of the past who were raised on craft, not gimmicks, and depended on a deliberate rhythm of editing rather than mindless quick cutting.
With cheeky nods to old school Faustian mysteries like Sunset Blvd. and The Third Man, The Ghost Writer is full of nail-biting suspense, dark humor, sexual tension and revelations hiding around every corner.
Too many scenes here are a bit perfunctory, but they're balanced out well enough by the occasional directorial flourish or long moment of nicely sustained tension.
Despite the POV and the reprehensible character of the director, this is an entertaining movie, reminiscent of the best of Hitchcock in the '50s.
...a smart and satisfying mystery that relies just as much on substance as it does style.
This is a nice, stripped down, spare, modest little thriller.
This is a real triumph in tone.
a creepy, captivating thriller and the year's first great movie.
It's a film about the dangers of human curiosity more than some political thriller with a morally-driven hero. And few moments will prove this more than the film's shocking closing scene.
It's a totally credible, briskly paced, suspenseful and particularly well-cast political thriller.
McGregor turns in his best work in recent memory, and Polanski's an expert at building the sort of intense atmosphere that leaves his audience in a state of edgy paranoia.
Polanski's eminently suave town-car thriller relaxes willing viewers right into the director's velvet grip.
The intrigues, suspense, and reversals that follow this setup are best left to unfold at their own stately clip.
From the second it begins, The Ghost Writer signals directorial authority and precision, subtly codifying the film's existential style and substance.
Mr. Polanski's work with his performers is consistently subtle even when the performances seem anything but, which is true of this very fine film from welcome start to finish.
Intense, masterful political thriller OK for older teens.
"The Ghost Writer" isn't Polanski's worst movie (that would be "The Ninth Gate"), but it's sluggish and conventional and a long way from his great ones.
A top-drawer political thriller that is timely, sophisticated, and well-acted.
A thriller unfolding in an isolated bunker on a deserted island (well, a posh beach house on Martha's Vineyard) might seem a perfect vehicle for Roman Polanski, but it's too geopolitical for a director of his predilections.
Mr. Polanski is a magician, his movie a synthesis of Mr. Harris's sturdy narrative, a Mamet-like appreciation for the shadows that lurk between words, and a drollery that most directors wouldn't even think about attaching to a thriller.
Roman Polanski, you are the mayor of Chutzpahtown.
There's no shortage of wit and intelligence in the dialogue, but 'The Ghost Writer' is just too elementary and conventional.
It's a brilliantly made, paranoid, leftish political thriller. And it's also the first great film of the year.
[Polanski has a] knack for taking pulp and transforming it into tense, paranoid drama.
The Ghost Writer is the work of a skilled storyteller who can deliver commercial entertainment in a way that's smarter and more polished than most commercial entertainment.
'The Ghost Writer' is a crisp and intelligent thriller, carried off with silky panache by its smooth, skillful director.
Smart and thrilling and funny and wonderfully told.
Similarly plotted recent movies, like, say, Edge of Darkness, can only dream of being this good.
A tight, taut, witty and highly theatrical entertainment, shot in shades of wintry gray, that will keep you guessing right through its final fadeout.
This is the 76-year-old Polanski's first contemporary thriller in two decades and his first film in four years. It's an intelligent and deftly honed return to the genre, blending a contemporary plot and classic structure.
A dark pearl of a movie whose great flair and precision make it Polanski's best work in quite a while.
The Ghost Writer is a smartly written poke at the notion that we miss the big stories that are right out in the open because, ultimately, we care about the wrong things.
As tension and paranoia mount, one clearly sees how much of Polanski's personal life is on the screen.
The Ghost Writer may not go down as one of Polanski's masterpieces, but if it does end up being his swan song, it's the ideal denouement to a life and career of unsettling resonance.
A squandered opportunity both to take on the real-life crimes of the Iraq War and create genuine tension and suspense.
Neither bore nor wild travesty, The Ghost Writer idles in tentative horror for most of its 130 minutes and often feels as if its production team, Polanski included, can't fully comprehend what they are putting to screen
Respectable adult entertainment with enough paranoia and off-kilter touches to satisfy longtime [Roman Polanski] fans.
An intelligent person's political thriller anchored by Ewan McGregor's strong performance in the title role.
A well-made, sleekly retaliatory, pleasurably paranoid tale...
Overall feels uneven, sprawling and strangely incomplete.
The Ghost Writer is a reminder that, regardless of his real-life problems, Roman Polanski can still craft compelling thrillers.
Shows Polanski in brilliant command of a political thriller that ties you up in knots of tension while zinging politics and showbiz like two sides of the same toxic coin.
A stylish, precise salute to Hitchcock's thrillers but still bearing all the hallmarks of Roman Polanski's distinctive style.
What actually happens is less important than the barest glimmers of that old Polanski magic.
McGregor hits all the right notes as a man with a conscience and sense of professional pride who is in way over his head.
Polanski simply transfers Harris' undistinguished prose direct to the screen and, though the pace picks up marginally in the second half, there's little wow factor in the revelations as they appear.
A political drama of ideas, rather than an action-driven narrative punctuated by carefully measured doses of violence.
Timely, engaging, and well-acted, Polanski's new political thriller is his most accomplished film since The Pianist and far better than his last thriller, Frantic in 1988.
When it all becomes clear, all the jagged edges go away and the film comes into focus as the well-honed thriller it has been all along.
...an enjoyable if not satisfying experience.
Ghost Writer suggests a game of chess played delicately and with great precision.



@highlight

While it may lack the revelatory punch of Polanski's finest films, Ghost Writer benefits from stylish direction, a tense screenplay, and a strong central performance from Ewan McGregor.