Together the performances mark the perfect recipe in a beautifully written story is both funny in the most surprising parts and touching when it needs to be.
A certain smugness creeps into the corners of The Kids Are All Right. Morality doesn't have to mean Puritanism, but there is something of that here.
A great story for our time.
I want to high five the person who cast Benning and Moore as a couple. They're scenes are the most delicious parts of the film.
We're shown real life problems in a fictional story that gives us real life solutions. Bravo Lisa, your film is more than all right.
Bening hoists this heavy-handed dramedy high with a burst of superhuman strength. And all you can do is sit in awe.
A twist on the traditional family drama, where every character has depth and deserves redemption.
The dialog seems like it was pulled from a magazine full of bad liberal clichés. It feels as if people who used to be progressives, but want people to think they still are wrote this movie.
This is very tricky material to parse, mainly because the movie is telling us one thing in dialogue and showing us quite another visually.
What it lacks in grandstanding and pandering to the 'issues', this film more than makes up for with its great story, rounded characters and genuine sense of fun.
The Kids Are All Right is witty, touching and humane - and decidedly up to the minute.
Its emotional pull remains consistent to the end.
More of a breezy drama, as opposed to a weighty comedy... the ace up its sleeve, aside from its "modern family" plot device, is its characters, brought to life with welcome layers and depth by the cast.
How, despite such a talented, femme-centric cast, does Ruffalo's loveable idiot manage to walk off with the film?
Regardless of the orientations, 'The Kids Are All Right' is an all-American film.
The Kids Are All Right would have been a highly regarded, stinging family drama in the tradition of American Beauty and Ordinary People even if the subject family was not so proudly unorthodox.
A bittersweet family dramedy that challenges the perceptions of the perfect family...
The combined troupe do a good enough job to make the movie get by, but not enough to mask the huge gears running the story, nor the accidental and ironic anti-progressiveness the movie has the potential to convey.
A long-form sitcom overly pleased with its own progressiveness.
...All the pieces are in place--I just wish Cholodenko had been a little more precious about the execution.
Without any humor in the story, this would be a very sad story about a destructive mix of personalities causing havoc in a family. But the film does have a lot of humor in it.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Una sensible comedia dramática sobre la falta de certezas (o la eterna búsqueda de ellas) que implica formar una familia, más allá de definiciones y preferencias sexuales. Excelente elenco en el que brilla especialmente Annette Bening.
if it wasn't for the distractingly wall-to-wall indie soundtrack... and mildly cop-out ending, I'd be pushing this straight to the top end of our Best of 2010 list.
The Kids Are All Right is warmly recommended to anyone in search of smart, grown-up entertainment.
A sleek, smart, enormously entertaining film, (....) it has the feel of a classic Hollywood comedy at its snappiest.
A light, lovingly handled tale about the difficulties of staying in love.
The film joyfully allows us to embrace, rather than escape, the wonderful, awkward embarrassment of familial love.
The film taps into the neuroses of middle-class America without exploiting its premise for egregious quirk value or for dry, tub-thumping agenda-setting.
Only those without a funnybone will fail to be seduced by its sheer verve, wit and charm.
This is a much better made, more persuasive film than The Switch or The Back-Up Plan but just as much about wish fulfilment, and no more honest about conflicts that can leave the kids far from all right.
Piercingly funny, subtle and moving.
Funny, aching, rueful -- often at the same time -- The Kids Are All Right makes most mainstream releases this year seem decadent by comparison.
An intelligent, well observed movie about adult relationships. The kids are alright but this is a film for grown ups.
Films about the stresses and strains of marriage don't come any better -- or more entertaining -- than this.
The film gets better and better, powered by a sharp, wise script and superlative acting.
Family-centric comedy has never felt so fresh.
A witty portrait of postmodern family life in which script, casting, direction and location all just float together without any apparent effort at all.
Best of all is Bening, capping even her performance in American Beauty, as a woman forced to face her partner's betrayal.
Smart, funny, slyly satirical and wonderfully warm, this deft 'dramedy' is bitter-sweet film-making at its best.
A witty, warm exploration of family life that's conventional and unconventional in equal measure.
There are good performances and a smart and occasionally funny script, plus some good observations about relationships, but you do wonder what the point is to it all.
So much tension doesn't quite translate into a gutsy finale, still, this film is never less than heartfelt.
it is a miracle of mainstreaming - but in making her film just like any other family drama, Cholodenko also risks bringing a certain generic blandness to her 'unconventional family'. Perhaps that is the acceptable price of equality...
Hugely entertaining, frequently funny and genuinely moving, this is a sharply written comedy-drama with refreshingly original characters and terrific performances from all five leads.
The Critics Are All Wrong.
Five of this year's best screen characters appear in this comedy-drama about a relatively ordinary family facing some unusual challenges. And while the premise seems extremely offbeat, it's actually beside the point.
There are few films as soulful and human as Lisa Cholodenko's The Kids Are All Right. That a film can set itself apart from the pack by merely being human is somewhat depressing, but there you have it.
A smart, funny, insightful take on the dynamics of Modern Families. It taps into both the universal and specific dynamics of the family unit. Bening gives a career best performance.
The Kids are All Right is funny, touching and honest, all the elements that make independent cinema so much more rewarding, most of the time, than the mainstream.
The Kids Are All Right is a film about marriage, family and parenthood and it explores these themes with far more integrity, insight and humour than many other films.
This is a witty and insightful film. Lisa Cholodenko has a talent for observational comedy; comedies which capture the zeitgeist, usually achieved by throwing together people with two different sets of expectations.
Common to all Cholodenko's films is a fascination with the mayhem that can result when the chronically stitched-up come up against the amoral and fancy-free.
The Kids Are All Right gets at basic, underlying truths, and opens them up with both sly humour and brittle neediness. Lisa Cholodenko has found her home.
A shrewd, well-observed modern comedy about achieving acceptance with no exceptions, The Kids Are All Right is the freshest feelgood film to drop in quite some time.
Excellent performances, notably Ruffalo, fuel a fine family affair.
What makes this film, by Lisa Cholodenko, who co-wrote it with Stuart Blumberg, work, are the performances. Annette Bening is sublime.
I didn't take a lot away from the film but there are some wonderfully uncomfortable scenes that make it worth seeing.
A near masterpiece; part sex-comedy, part radiant and wry portrait of contemporary relationships.
This intelligent, non-confronting film doesn't set out to change the world. Rather, it presents a compassionate view of family life today, without judgement or undue comment.
One of the most compelling cinematic depictions of family life to come along for some time.
Sure, the kids are all right, but poor dad has been beaten to a pulp!
The screenplay is beautifully honest and well observed; not only is it truthful about human nature, it finds the humanity as well as the flaws in all the characters
Outrageously funny situations and two sterling performances make this smartly written film about an unconventional family a sure-fire winner.
Rich and funny, a film that doesn't condescend or strike a single false note, and one whose structure and detail work together in lockstep.
Doesn't offer much beyond the rather depressing realization that, in today's screens, progressive sexual politics boil down to making a gay family's dysfunction as hackneyed as a straight family's
The leads in this beautifully told drama are more than just all right - they're Oscar worthy.
In a world where pop culture shields us from the truth, this movie is something of a novelty. It isn't afraid to tell it.
Cholodenko... nicely grounds herself here in the mechanics of day-to-day relationship maintenance.
Kids more than just all right.
An ultra-contemporary, intelligent drama sprinkled with humor.
It's no less than a classic portrait of an American family.
Packed with humble family principles. Immensely enjoyable the whole way through and one that delivers values and that warm fuzzy feeling inside to hold on to afterward.
Some of the year's best performances.
While Certainly Not its Intent, this Film is So Vapid in its Plot and Empty in Character It Ends Up Being Anti-Gay in Message.
Cholodenko has not delivered a pro-gay marriage treatise, but a funny, touching and relatable story about the colossal effort and love it takes to create and maintain a family.
Cholodenko's film is about building a family that will come back when you call it, even when you didn't know you wanted to.
It's a happy, horny movie that loves its characters and their messy human imperfections. You will, too.
...a wonderful thing, intelligent in the ways of human foible, and generous with sinners.
Leaves a lot on the table for those to ponder who might still be unsure if same sex marriages can work.
never preachy, but instead relies on the characters to ground the issues and make them feel real, rather than manufactured
I really enjoyed being dropped into this family's world for two hours. The Kids Are All Right is one of my favorite movies so far in 2010.
The drama and comedy, conflict and reconciliation are fairly conventional, despite the unconventional context; what elevates the material are the marvelous performances and the agreeably loose vibe established by Cholodenko.
What starts as a comedy about unconventional family relationships turns into a drama with ironically more conventional relationships.
Problems like betrayal, disappointment, anger, regret and reconciliation are universal themes that ring true no matter what sexual orientation is featured.
A warm, funny, entertaining, slyly subversive little movie built around five very solid performances.
Could easily have been of a straight, infertile marriage thrown off balance by their biological donor, but then we would have been deprived of the singular pleasure of getting to watch Bening and Moore play such a wonderful married couple.
...is at its best in its early scenes...
During the Summer of 3D glasses, "The Kids are All Right" proves that what you really need to create an immersive, real-life film experience is a sharp pencil and some interesting friends.
Armed with a handful of deftly drawn characters and an occasionally wicked sense of humor, Cholodenko has created a thoroughly and unmistakably modern film.
'The Kids Are All Right' is a warm film about flawed people.
Buoyant and engaging.
Heartfelt and funny, The Kids Are All Right is like a cool shower on an oppressively hot day-refreshing and invigorating, the sort of unexpected surprise that catches you off guard and sticks with you for days.
Sophisticated and funny, but once you get past the unusual premise and the fact that the main couple is realistically portrayed, there's nothing surprising about it.
A comedy that perfectly balances natural hilarity with genuine drama while exploring a whole slew of issues.
A slight but bittersweet tale about a neurotic lesbian couple whose formerly anonymous sperm donor becomes their potential home wrecker.
"A great drama that is sure to be remembered at Oscar time (note to the Academy – the last name is spelled B-E-N-I-N-G)..."
No matter what its plot particulars, The Kids Are All Right ultimately takes place within the human heart.
The Kids Are All Right is written with such perception, directed with such sensitivity and acted with such brio that the result is not only a path paved with good intentions but also one lined with loving detail.
It's a terrific film.
A solid family drama filled with authentic characters and some great performances from its amazing ensemble cast.
Definitions of family, love and friendship all get put to the test with wit and warmth in The Kids Are All Right, one of the year's most honest and endearing films.
Cholodenko gets moods right, and her five leading actors have been either perfectly cast or well-handled.
It's about the slow, inevitable grind of marriage. It's about the eternally unknowable curveballs life throws at you and how you either step up to the plate toward triumph or turn away in tears or terror or both. It's about love.
Operates within a calculated, hipster environment ... (though) we eventually stop noticing because Cholodenko's ensemble is so powerful.
If you give the film a chance, it might just entertain and/or enlighten to one degree or another thanks to the solid performances, writing and the filmmaker deftly balancing all of that. (Parental Review also Available)
The characters in the film feel real, even a bit lived-in, and it's because of the efforts of the cast; particularly those veteran actors who play the adults.
Funny and warm, The Kids Are All Right feels lived in and acutely observed, and is as steeped in joy as in regret.
Here are five gifted actors at the top of their games as five characters in search of what makes a family.
It's [Ruffalo's] best work since You Can Count On Me, and he's at his most likable here...
Few long-term relationships have been portrayed with such a palpable feeling of shared history.
Moore and Bening have showcase scenes that will make fine awards show clips, and Ruffalo's scruffy sexiness makes Jules' infidelity somewhat understandable. The affair also risks giving opponents of same-sex marriage a chance to crow, "See, I told you so.
The family dynamic feasibly develops and deteriorates as it might when someone who's both a critical component, and yet a complete stranger, is introduced.
A nontraditional couple lives the hurts, regrets and joys of any loving family
I love that this is a film about a family where being gay isn't the controversy.
[It] embraces its formulaic premise, but then resists developing in formulaic directions, resulting in one of the most refreshing and honest screen comedies of recent memory.
The Kids Are All Right is a sudsy soap opera. It's a concoction of lilac water and spermatozoa -- with lots of wine and whine.
Inoffensively amusing, and occasionally touching, but also a little bland.
Cholodenko understands that the family, any family, remains a primal source for drama that is both mirthful and maddening.
Cholodenko and cowriter Stuart Blumberg have crafted a loving work about family that will resonate as true for those who find their experience reflected on the big screen and will be revelatory to others.
A comedy of modern manners with the texture of a great short story.
While firmly set in a privileged, locavorian California milieu, "The Kids Are All Right" is downright Chaucerian in its warts-and-all, roll-in-the-hay view of human behavior.
The subtle intelligence of this film is reflective in the title itself. By employing the words 'all right,' we are alerted to the fact that this film, however unique, addresses a sense of normalcy.
A perfect combination of fantastic writing, strong storytelling and an All-Star acting ensemble.
Just about everyone who has been a parent, child or partner will find resonance in its bittersweet depiction of the joys and trials of lifelong intimacy.
You can tell Cholodenko loves people, and that's why, in The Kids Are All Right, she wanted to show how funny and weird and foolish we often are.
Generous and warm-hearted to a fault, though as faults go, that's one of the best to have.
Emotionally raw, emotionally riveting. No Lesbian Bed Death here.
Cholodenko's film stands as one of the best American films of the year precisely because it's willing to look at what love truly gives, and what it truly takes.
If the goings-on occasionally become slim or perfunctory, the film is rescued repeatedly by an absolutely top-drawer cast.
The dynamic of affection, distraction, familiarity, and frustration is deftly portrayed.
Movies like The Kids Are All Right -- beautifully written, impeccably played, funny and randy and true -- don't come along very often.
The acting in this film is so good, across the board, that it doesn't feel like acting; we're simply watching a family going through some drama (and comedy) over a summer before its eldest child leaves for college.
Could very well be the pilot for a new Comedy Central series about the antics of a pair of zany lesbian mothers trying to raise their teenagers. Well, yes and no.
As a slice-of-life alternately affectionate and biting, the film is nothing if not naturalistic and consistently watchable.
The Kids Are All Right is a smart, cheerful, character-driven relationship comedy. In other words, it's a miracle.
Directing from the tart, laugh-out-loud script she cowrote, Lisa Cholodenko (Laurel Canyon) has crafted an honest, generous portrait of the challenges of American family life -- gay or straight.
Cholodenko's film is about family, traditional or otherwise. And you don't have to have two moms to relate.
[A] charming, uplifting, and very funny subversion of the traditional patriarchal family.
The last act makes up for a lot of the movie's earlier flaws, as Cholodenko nudges the material beyond the somewhat generic comedy of the first half into rawer, more compelling emotional territory.
The acting is close to flawless.
An authentic sense of soul to the couple, who struggle, fail, and love with a realism that takes Kids somewhere amazing, beyond the dull routine of broken hearts and clichéd dysfunction.
It would be criminal if , come Oscar time, Annette Bening and Julianne Moore are not competing for a Best Actress award.
A captivating, honest, unpretentious and intelligent portrait of an American family that's genuinely poignant, warm and funny. It brims with well-nuanced, brave and resonating performances.
...with its femme leads, [this] may be seen as a lady flick, but this is far from the case. This is for adults, male and female, who are up for a solid, family-bound story.
One of those small cinematic miracles that movie audiences hope and pray for. That it makes a powerful social argument in favor of LGBT families without breaking a sweat in the process is a wonderful bonus.
Up to the challenge, and clearly relishing roles of unusual substance, are Moore, Ruffalo and Bening -- who could well nab an Oscar nomination for her work as an iron-willed smother-mother for the ages.
Writing and directing a movie about family and relationships is always challenging, but Cholodenko seems to have found the right balance.
The bottom line is that I didn't find "The Kids Are All Right" to be particularly intriguing on any level. It seems too calculated to be taken as serious entertainment.
[Filled with] funny, gripping and very precise scenes played to perfection by superior actors.
If you liked The Cosby Show and don't reflexively hate gay people then you're pretty much going to dig this movie because it's that show's R-rated lesbian equivalent.
The Kids Are All Right is the movie we've been waiting for all year: a comedy that doesn't take cheap shots, a drama that doesn't manipulate, a movie of ideas that doesn't preach.
Somewhere around the halfway mark, the realization arrives with a dull thud: Turns out that unconventional families can be just as tedious in their melodramatic dysfunctions as any traditional clan.
The director realizes she has a great actress at her disposal and gives Bening her due ... Cholodenko knows when, for greater impact, her characters should remain silent.
It's a great piece of filmmaking because of its characters, all of whom feel genuine and three-dimensional in ways that typical screenwriting fails to pull off.
The performances are all close to perfect, which is to say that the imperfections of each character are precisely measured and honestly presented.
A deft and engaging social comedy that's shaping up to be the summer movie season's savviest piece of counter-programming.
Mature, witty family dramedy explores love, parenthood.
It's a new kind of family film, smarter than most and funnier than many.
The Kids Are All Right might not be as edgy as Cholodenko's past work, but this more mainstream effort has lots of smarts, lots of heart and an open mind.
The specifics of the story only underlie its general, and universal theme: Marriages and families can be hard work -- and kind of worth it.
It's a brilliant screenplay, but happily, this is also Cholodenko's most visually satisfying movie.
It treats both its characters and its audience with respect, everything building with a delightful effortlessness that's both enchanting and deeply moving.
The film, like its central family, succeeds as best it can under the circumstances in which it finds itself.
An all-American tale with award-level performances that is at its best when going for laughs rather than dramatic depths, where it comes disturbingly close to shifting the gears on its casual principles.
It's a movie about basic things, about the meaning of family and the vulnerability of families, with the suggestion that the ones most subject to bombardment are the families least protected by custom and tradition.
The basic joke here, and it's a rich one, is that the dynamics of gay marriages differ little from those of straight marriages. But that joke also serves as a catalyst for some startlingly beautiful considerations...
Kids may sound like typically quirky arthouse fare. But this is a movie for everyone -- and, in one way or another, about everyone, too.
This gem features five topnotch, multidimensional performances in one of this summer's most engaging films.
Expect a human comedy about relationships that haven't been fully explored on film before, told in a fashion that ensures tenderness trumps self-importance at every turn.
The best thing about the film is its bigheartedness. It's not out to mock these people, but rather to show how any person of any orientation can become unraveled when high-minded principles meet with base human instincts.
Cholodenko examines human behavior with insight and wit and has been blessed with one of the best ensemble casts of the year.
[F]unny and smart and poignant and real and universal. It's one of the best movies about family I've ever seen...
An intimate, funny, occasionally upsetting depiction of a loving family that is, like so many families, often only just functional.
Such a low-key feat of filmmaking that the scope of its offhanded generosity -- toward its characters, its story, its actors and its audience -- may not hit you until days after you've seen it.
Sideways, it is not, but The Kids Are All Right is, in a particularly dull summer at the movies, a friendly reminder that there are...alternatives.
Witty, urbane and thoroughly entertaining.
Plenty of movies strive for topicality, but occasionally something like The Kids Are All Right slaps you in the face with the world you're actually living in.
This isn't a movie about gay marriage; it's a movie about marriage, period, and the way complacency and resentment can undermine a relationship.
The movie's overrated, the performances aren't.
"All right" doesn't begin to describe it ... the easiest movie to love I've seen all year.
It's a film about marriage itself, an institution with challenges that are universal.
A remarkable family drama with five endearing characters whose struggles and foibles are both genuine and touching.
All right, but not great: that phrase not only describes the kids (of all ages) in this likeable family drama, but the film, as a whole, too.
Kids makes its own special magic. It's irresistible.
Cholodenko and her cast turn what could have been an utterly artificial story into a warm, funny, sharp-tongued and broiling examination of the volatility underlying even the happiest of families.
Cholodenko's films always falter through their obvious, self-congratulatory point-making.
The director alternates incident-laden storytelling with penetrating character moments that her terrific cast acts to the fullest.
Touching and funny in their upheaval, the people in The Kids Are All Right open the door to a brand new examination of family values that leaves you charged and cheering.
The Kids Are All Right is an incredibly clear-eyed look at who we are right now, and how the definition of "family" is changing, featuring a great cast, a wise and witty screenplay, and pitch-perfect direction.
A poignant human story deeply rooted in feelings we all can relate to even if we come from a more conventional family than this one.
The film's main strength is the screenplay, co-written by Cholodenko and Stuart Blumberg. It's perceptive and mercurial, perfectly in tune with the churning tensions within every family.
The actresses are loose and funny, trading off big scenes and clearly enjoying themselves throughout.
Whatever the facts of your own family life, you're likely to see some of it reflected in this wonderful movie, which you should see as soon as you can.
No film has left me with a fuller sense of satisfaction this year so far.
Annette Bening, Julianne Moore and Mark Ruffalo give award-caliber performances in this funny and poignant comedy about a lesbian couple whose teenage children seek out their biological father.
There are not only glancing moments but whole sequences in this movie when the agony of social embarrassment makes you want to haul the characters to their feet and slap them in the chops.
The title, like Nicole Holofcener's Please Give, is one that trails you out of the theater and gives you something to brood on.
Lisa Cholodenko is one of the more radical visionaries working in American indie cinema today.
Cholodenko's third feature is not great (it's too broad), but the film is enjoyable, well-acted, timely and relevant in ways that most American comedies are not: It says something about the new family structures and values.
Guided by an outstanding script, everyone is able to go deep into her or his character. Particular huzzahs are due Bening for the precision she brings to the brusque yet emotionally expressive Nic.
Touchingly and amusingly treats the last summer home before college as just as fraught for families who have two moms and a sperm donor as any other, just more complicated.
The mid-life parenting crisis of a lesbian couple (awesomely played by Julianne Moore and Annette Bening) is the narrative cornerstone for a memorable comedic family drama from writer/director Lisa Cholodenko.
Despite its script's considerable shortcomings, (the film) is a timely, engaging story that provides the sublime pleasure of watching two lovely, exceptional actresses in great form.
There's considerable originality in a story centering on a sperm donor whose identity and visits upend a household.
A glibly intelligent yet unconventional feel-good film, it grapples with commitment issues inherent in long-term relationships.
What we have is an amiable character portrait that is enjoyable at times, but for me, difficult to get emotionally invested in.
Cholodenko challenges our most basic assumptions, whether they fall to the right or left of the political spectrum, and at the heart of her film are the most powerful themes.
A sweet film that plays relatively fast and loose with sexuality, but never loses focus on it's core story.
a delightful and timely comedy
A crowd-pleasing, feel-good comedy for an era in which the very definition of "family" is fluid and in flux.
It's so real, so sexy, so sad, so honest and so truly, heartbreakingly funny.
This love letter to gay-marriage supporters is respectably entertaining filmmaking.
Sparked by wonderfully lived-in performances from Julianne Moore and Mark Ruffalo, "The Kids Are All Right" is alright, if not up to the level of writer-director Lisa Cholodenko's earlier pair of new bohemian dramas.
Cleverly peppered with laughs in its examination of the modern "untraditional" family.

@highlight

Worthwhile as both a well-acted ensemble piece and as a smart, warm statement on family values, The Kids Are All Right is remarkable.