Edgerton is Wish You Were Here's connective tissue that ties together the disparate emotional compartments of the narrative.
...the film's arms-length vibe is compounded by an overlong running time and a seriously deliberate sense of pacing...
A disturbing mystery thriller that also explores the delicate balance of honesty and lies within a successful relationship.
It's too easily satisfying, too traditionally well-made to be an honest portrait of dissatisfaction.
[As] a more contemplative look at the ways unexplained tragedy plays with the emotions of people who supposedly have it all, it works.
An Australian mystery-thriller dominated by Joel Edgerton's fearless performance as a compromised married man.
Kieran Darcy-Smiths first feature mixes past and present, some few of such shifts adding to our understanding or familiarity with the returnees and deepening the mystery.
Joel Edgerton gives one of the year's strongest performances.
A film that rewards patience and attention. The filmmaking will draw you in and the acting and story will keep you rooted to your seat.
There are secrets kept and secrets told and Darcy-Smith and company do a marvelous job weaving this tapestry of ambiguity and confrontation.
An old-fashioned, intricate mystery that keeps you in perpetual suspense, developing its plot and characters through the smart incorporation of basic cinematic tools.
Whatever sentiments the title 'Wish You Were Here' evokes in you, flush them. Here is no lighthearted vacation comedy but, instead, a well-acted "psychological thriller" with few thrills but much angst.
Wish You Were Here is best enjoyed by fans of the actors involved or "strangers in a strange land" flicks; it'll be less satisfying to those looking for drama/mystery.
Wish You Were Here is an excellent idea for a State Department video, to remind travelers the obvious things not to do when visiting an unfamiliar country. As a drama, it feels a little empty.
It's an engrossing, dramatic mystery that's filled with terrific performances and raw filmmaking.
The mysteries unravel at a steady pace and the dialogue and acting feel naturalistic, adding up to a taut and progressively tangled portrait of familial relations.
A dull drama about domestic squabbling that hopes to be mistaken for a thriller.
Even at its slowest, the insinuating "Wish You Were Here" keeps its grip, like a dream you just can't shake.
The time you spend trying to piece together a mystery that is presented as a teasing puzzle inevitably diverts you from deeper identification with characters who are not particularly sympathetic to begin with.
I found myself longing for it to reach its destination.
Even a drug-sniffing police dog gives a vivid performance.
Hypnotically watchable but badly flawed by a shrug of an ending.
If you do decide to travel abroad, this film offers some tips on how to stay safe and sane - that is, if you can extract them from the teasingly elliptical, flashback-addled, nerve-racking narrative.
...a twisty psychological thriller rooted in family drama that respects its audience. Little hints are dropped along the way, some suggested by cinematographer Jules O'Loughlin's framing and cutaways, but the film never feels contrived for a moment.
Though much of the film is overcooked and overwrought, it's well-played, and writer-director Kieran Darcy-Smith keeps us guessing, and watching.
A pervasive mood of paranoia and unease overwhelms any immediate understanding of what's going on. It's fun to feel lost, at least for a spell.
Joel Edgerton's emergence as a bona-fide international star should give this smart, slick Australian-produced thriller a reasonably high profile and potentially attract a bigger audience than Oz fare usually attracts in the US
Not dishonest or cheap or simple-minded.
Tightly constructed and honest with character relationships, Wish You Were Here is a riveting study of guilt and moral corruption, wisely using disorientation to sustain interest in the bleak proceedings.
The structural fireworks of Darcy-Smith's first feature may ultimately provide more light than heat, but they don't distract unduly from its strong performances.
It's a vacation in which the guide book has been purposefully reordered and organized to disguise what would have been much more interesting told straightforward.
From the opening montage alone, it's clear that Australian director Kieran Darcy-Smith plans to play his cards close to the vest in this maddeningly underwritten thriller/domestic-drama hybrid.
Joel Edgerton nurses the hangover from Hell in this superbly acted, impressively edited and consistently engaging Aussie thriller.
For the most part this extremely well-acted Australian missing-person drama hits all the right buttons.
Examines the toll that guilt has on well-meaning thirtysomethings to mostly intriguing effect.
For a long time the nonlinear structure dilutes the impact of a bunch excellent performances, led by Edgerton's seasick glare.
Stories built around a mystery can have a difficult time creating a satisfying answer, and this picture is no exception ...
It confidently embraces a fractured narrative that ranges across time and between two countries without ever being confusing or obfuscating... Wish You Were Here is deeply excellent on every level it chooses to operate.
Australian thriller Wish You Were Here works as a cautionary tale about burying dark secrets, yet its distractive structure weakens its overall impact.
A brilliant Australian film that examines Australians abroad, relationships and the consequences of having a bulletproof attitude when travelling.
The performances are raw, real and beautiful by the three leads Edgerton, Price and Palmer. And it's a fantastic debut from director Kieran Darcy-Smith whose poetic compositions compliment the thematic contrasts of the unfolding story.
This is an impressive debut from Darcy-Smith and for producer Angie Fielder.
The underdone ending is what prevents a good film being a great one.
Wish You Were Here may misjudge how to tell its story, but it remains a fascinating and highly relevant film.
It is tightly plotted with a scary denouement that nails its point about the deadliness of rogue circumstance in a very satisfying way.
Australian films rarely have difficultly looking good, and this one makes both Sydney and Cambodia look gorgeous and yet slightly menacing.
For the most part, this is consistently strong and intriguing stuff, let down only by a seemingly rushed (or possibly ill-conceived?) final act.
Announcing its debut director Kieran Darcy-Smith as a talent to watch, this superbly crafted tale always roots its thrills in rich characterisation.
Wish You Were Here is further indication (after Animal Kingdom and The Square) that the Australian film industry is capable of telling thrilling contemporary stories with world-class dexterity.
A slickly made but unfortunately distracted debut.
The filmmakers have got everything right for a genre film that sets out to keep us on the edge of our seats
In his feature film directing debut, multi-talented writer director Kieran Darcy-Smith has conceived and structured a powerful screenplay in collaboration with actress wife Felicity Price, whose performance in the leading role of Alice is stunning
Wish You Were Here is a slick, solid, and unsettling drama that plays right into Australians' joint love and fear of travelling abroad... At least, until it falls apart in the end.
The type of heavy drama that might not necessarily play for mass audiences but the skill of filmmaking and talented cast should bring the film some critical prestige.
The filmmakers keep the film at a low simmer throughout, subtly ratcheting up the tension as it circles back and forth from the fateful night of the disappearance to the messy and painful aftermath.
The acting is unwaveringly excellent, but there's a sense of the film developing a 'holding pattern' of broodiness to keep us occupied until the denoument.
Kieran Darcy-Smith's film inspires a deluge of possibilities and provocative thoughts in its audiences' heads, but languid pacing undermines the too-simple and ultimately too-conventional revelations that wrap up its simmering mysteries.
This is one of those puzzle movies that's frustrating in pieces, and underwhelming once it's all fit together.
I walked away liking the general aesthetic of the movie and elements of it, dissatisfied with it as a whole but still impressed enough to give it a gentle recommend.
Despite its dubious inhabitants, the film consistently entertains by throwing the kinds of curves one should see coming but doesn't.
Doesn't lack for furrowed-brow seriousness, but ultimately the depths being explored aren't nearly as incisive or startling as its makers think.
Kieran Darcy-Smith's debut feature maintains a vice-like grip that reaches maximum intensity as the mystery is solved.


@highlight

Smart, slick, and thrilling, Wish You Were Here benefits from a compelling mystery at the center of its tightly wound plot, as well as strong performances from a cast that includes Joel Edgerton.