Scorsese's direction isn't showy but he keeps his camera fluid, giving scenes a sense of movement even when the characters are static.
A typically underwhelming early effort from Martin Scorsese...
Alice doesn't exist as a real person - she is more of a series of nonstop acting exercises for Ellen Burstyn.
Pulsing with nervous energy, Scorsese's camera is in a state of continuous discovery
Despite the early stylistic flourishes, Alice is a mostly naturalistic venture from Scorsese, and not that indicative of what would follow in his career. But it's a fantastic combination of these two seemingly divisive styles.
Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore is a touching and poignant movie which speaks to both sexes about the power of equality and the struggle for independence.
Burstyn won a well-deserved Oscar for her performance, and she is matched in expertise by Ladd and Tayback, but the acting cannot conceal the storyline's shortcomings.
Alternating between gritty realism and red-hued fantasy, this is one of those 70s films that has worn well, managing to be universal in its heart while picking out specifics that now look exactly of their time.
As a whole it's a distended bore.
Ellyn Burstyn's strong performance is highlight of this fine Scorsese film.
Scorsese shows his range as a filmmaker and proves what makes him so good: he's a director with an eye for fancy camera work but a heart for his characters and the journeys they take.
Scorsese's warm and witty blending of the road movie with the conventions of the women's weepie is a delight.
A point of departure, this is Scorsese's tribute to the classic woman's film, offering Ellen Burstyn a solid role for which she won her only Oscar Award
The movie's filled with brilliantly done individual scenes.
Coming just after Mean Streets and before Taxi Driver, it's as good as either of them.
the question isn't will this be adapted for television? so much as how soon?
Its intelligence is cinematic, feminist: it doesn't leave you thinking about women (although the subject was welcome) so much as about its own energy and wit.
Scorsese's female-centered dramas are rare enough things, but Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore is a bona fide classic.
This is perhaps Scorsese's most conventional film about the everyday, yet one that is memorable and poignant, due in part to a terrific performance by Ellen Burstyn.
Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore is an American comedy of the sort of vitality that dazzles European film critics and we take for granted.
Not always successful, but packed with energy and a lively Oscar-winning performance by Burstyn.





@highlight

Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore finds Martin Scorsese wielding a somewhat gentler palette than usual, with generally absorbing results.