The anticlimactic scenes all lead up to an inevitable CGI-heavy showdown: Good vs. Evil, featuring a clan of grotesque zombie monks and a winged demon as realistic as the one Eddie Murphy jacks up in The Golden Child.
Cage merely stands around looking glum, letting his hair extensions do the acting for him.
The filmmakers try to use special effects to cover up the weaknesses of the story, but even on that point they fail pretty badly.
Not the stinker that everyone says it is, but you do have to ignore its flaws in order to be entertained.
After a while, the movie tires of the witch business and trots out a plot twist that permits the effects department to spend money.
Another forgettable trifle from Cage.
It's an Uwe Boll kind of film that's been directed with a certain degree of competency by previous Cage collaborator Dominic Sena.
Have low expectations for this movie and you might just be surprised.
I may be in the minority of critics to think so, but Season Of The Witch is an enjoyable medieval thriller that's well-made in spite of some moments of silliness.
Although I will likely be disemboweled from my toes to my nose (metaphorically speaking only, I hope) for this proclamation, I didn't think Season of the Witch was all that bad!*
Cage's disappointingly subdued performance stands as the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back...
God's teeth!
Guns are fun in movies, but bashing about with broadswords speaks to the 12-year-old in all of us.
For long, long stretches, [it's] too leaden and dour to be any fun at all.
Director Dominic Sena sets a quick pace; the dull moments are brightened by the unexpectedly likable team of Cage and Perlman.
It's amazing how little entertainment value there is in watching Nicolas Cage and Ron Perlman play world-weary Crusaders in a movie called Season Of The Witch. Come on! It's Ghost Rider and Hellboy!
Seriously, don't you always think that the powerful demon or witch or whatever could really just zap the humans immediately and go have lunch?
Anti-Oscar-movie people, this one is for you.
Just how big was that IRS bill, anyway?
It's a bit cheesy but there is action and tension and strong graphic effects - and even a deadpan moment
Avoid it -- wait for it -- like the Black Plague.
Watching it you can't escape the feeling that Hollywood executives were constantly hovering telling Sena to add more CGI here, less character development there and all-in-all doing their best to royally screw things up.
Spellbinding it's not.
Witch's Spell only Partially Effective
From script to editing, this Witch doesn't float.
Nicolas Cage=Modern Day Bela Lugosi in Declining Years
Begins with a bang (a hanged witch rises from a watery grave to dispatch her tormenter) but ends with a thud (a bungled exorcism releases a silly-looking computer-animated demon).
This painfully earnest and overblown medieval swords-and-sorcery road movie is unlikely to warm the cockles of any but the most die-hard fans of Cage's stentorian growl and arch overacting.
Director Dominic Sena is more like a less amusing Uwe Boll than Ingmar Bergman.
Dominic Sena directs all this stuff and nonsense with a paucity of fun unbecoming a loopy tale of medieval witches starring Nicolas Cage and Ron Perlman.
Cage is effective as a falling down drunk in Las Vegas or a treasure hunter navigating goofy road trips but not as a disillusioned champion of the Church going one-on-one with a demon. Steven Seagal would have been more believable.
Poor plot twists and CGI-heavy action further muddle what might have been an intriguing story of fanaticism and superstition.
It's Centurion Deux without the second-coming-of-Carpenter pretense, though you still wish the trashiness were more distinctive.
Season of the Witch suffers from a general laziness.
How many mediocre movies can Nicolas Cage make and still have a career? I guess we will wait and see.
A cursed abomination...as a priest observes, 'We're going to need more holy water!'
The only time I was even modestly entertained was when the 10-year-old boy sitting behind me (obviously taken out of school to see the film by his model parents) started belching unrelentingly at the screen.
Makes The Last Airbender look like Avatar.
Did they really say "I've saved your ass" in medieval Europe?
While certainly no Witchfinder General, it doesn't deserve to be burned at the stake.
'Season of the Witch' entertains, but don't get me wrong, it's a bad movie.
This is the puffy-faced Nic Cage. The one who fights for Christ and Little Debbies and not necessarily in that order.
[VIDEO] This movie sucks so awfully that you'd think it was a vicious prank.
It will probably be the worst reviewed movie of the year, it may break up couples mid-date night, and fraternities are sure to use it in tandem with contraband beverage Four Loko for Hell Week hazing. But come on, it's not that bad.
Authenticity takes a back seat. Swordfights, wolf-punching and zombie monks clamber into the front seat and smash a hole through the windscreen.
You've seen more convincing medieval performances from guys at Ye Olde Pancake House after a LARP scrimmage. With all the dead birds and fish, this might seem like a timely piece of apocalyptic fiction. But such pestilence is annual par for Nicolas Cage.
We need a serious suspension of disbelief to accept these two aging actors as faultless warriors in tip-top shape.
Disregards characters, emotions and even dramatic tension in favour of an endless parade of 'cool shit' to impress its perceived audience of 13 year olds.
It's The Seventh Seal meets Get Him to the Greek meets Lord of the Rings as if filtered through Uwe Boll's hack-tastic brain.
Even an actor like Nicolas Cage cannot elevate such a disappointingly anachronistic and incoherent religious epos.
You'll want to spend lots of time checking out those costumes, because, Perlman and Lee aside, there's not much to watch in the acting department.
If it's January, it must be time for another Nicolas Cage film
Because this is the first release of 2011, it would too be easy to crown "Season of the Witch" the worst film of the year, but I'm sure it will live up to that title for weeks to come.
I couldn't shake the feeling that it might have been conceived and filmed as a comedy, then edited so that it plays like a thriller.
more like a troubled nap than a compelling flick
Dull: the last thing a freakin' period-piece action-adventure occult thriller should be.
Cage alternates between leaden line readings and thunderous outbursts, making his accomplished costars Ulrich Thomsen and Stephen Campbell Moore look even better. But the movie's worst aspect is the CGI, which packs no scares whatsoever.
As the stakes rise, time for buddy-comedy drops; the jolts are too minor to register, the action mostly unimpressive.
Even the most dedicated of Nicolas Cage's fans will find little to enjoy about the historical-fantasy-action romp Season of the Witch.
Another movie is turned into a turkey.
The film is not altogether dreadful, although it's far from good. And that's not good. Classic stinkeroos are rarer than masterpieces, and we all need a laugh now and then, even if the laughs are inadvertent.
Just wait for the viral video highlights, coming soon to a computer screen near you.
The screenplay is like a transcription of a Dungeons and Dragons session... The 'performances' are like clueless imitations of Monty Python by actors who don't understand comedy.
Season of the Witch is as bloodless as a starved vampire. Instead of a review, it deserves a stake in the heart.
It'll come as little surprise to anyone who follows Cage's career that he's picked yet another dud. Yes, after Knowing, Bangkok Dangerous, G-Force and Next, the follically-challenged actor has done it again.
Not a good film by any stretch of the imagination, but far from Cage's worst.
Is "Felson" not a moniker more appropriate to a sitcom second banana than a fierce warrior?
This isn't a documentary about Christine O'Donnell's recent Senate campaign in Delaware. That would be a lot more entertaining...It may remind you of the movies of Uwe Boll.
Audiences considering "Season of the Witch" should heed the timeless advice of its ancestor "Holy Grail" -- run away!
Good production values almost rescue this overwrought medieval tale.
Rather than elevating this wanna-be Hammer horror flick, Cage somehow lowers its quality.
A mishmash of horror and history genres that's not as bad as its trailers but ultimately is dragged down by, of all things, its star.
A middle-of-the-road bore, with only occasional flashes of the fun that could have been had the whole way through.
Really, at its worst, the whole thing's a little bit like "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" - minus the jokes.
The scariest thing about Season of the Witch is the movie itself, an abomination of bad filmmaking and terrible acting.
Ever since Bergman's "The Virgin Spring" was remade as "Last House on the Left," his work has suggested a rich mine for homage.
It's got videogame-from-hell F/X, plus jousting, plus Cage in tangled long hair he seems to have mistakenly put in the washing machine.
Cage's old pal Dominic Sena is a decade removed from their "Gone in 60 Seconds" directing glory, and he gets nothing out of this script that isn't pure hokum.
It is a hopeless mish-mash that feels like they were making it up as they went along. It's also dull.
Unchallenged and over-wigged, Cage is merely biding his time with this serving of horror hooey, obviously more interested in hearing the sweet sound of "cut!" than trying to make a tepid screenplay shuffle.
P.T. Barnum and H.L. Mencken remain inarguably correct in their assessment of the public's gullibility and appetite.
Worst. D&D session. Ever.
Not only bad in predictable ways, it's obscenely lazy.
A cheerfully terrible January time-waster.
This is how 'Monty Python and the Holy Grail' would have turned out if it had been funny unintentionally instead of intentionally.
A 14th-century road movie with 21st-century cuss words.
Great song. Bad movie.
Stop me if you've heard this one. A priest, an altar boy, two Crusaders, and a con artist walk toward an abbey with a suspected witch in tow.
The first reveal of Nicolas Cage sporting a blond wig with ringlets that makes him look like a Shirley Temple drag queen impersonator after a post-medieval-party-themed blackout is the sort of fright probably not intended by its makers.
Season of the Witch isn't quite Jonah Hex or Little Fockers bad, but it's one helluva shoddy way to start off the year in movies and yet another crummy entry in Nicolas Cage's woeful post-Oscar filmography.
A CGI freakout at the finale can't save this mundane medieval thriller about witches, devils and disillusioned knights.
Season of the Witch is a fine example of a film that would've been great fun if only its creators had a sense of humor about the wild brew of absurdity they had percolating.
While 'Witch' might not be the worst thing I see this year, it's apparently been riddled with its own case of the Black Plague since day one. Every inch of the movie is infected with bad decisions that spread throughout each and every frame.
Welcome to the January dead zone.
Directed by the perennially hollow Dominic Sena from a script by Bragi Schut, "Season of the Witch" is all seams. It never balances out its competing desires...
A mediocre knights-and-witchcraft B-movie that's somewhat cheesy, somewhat intriguing, and ultimately just not all that involving.
The stench of plague is all around, unless that's an aroma emanating from the script.
It's entertaining in a cheerfully ridiculous way, though Cage fans will be disappointed that he does not really lose his rag, despite some serious provocation from the Lord of Darkness.
It's part fairy tale-gone-wrong, part recycled legend, part panto horror. Think The Wolfman, or Van Helsing, only worse.
Think of it as a modern Iranian adultery trial as imagined in 14th Century Europe by a terminally silly dreamer.
Lacking any sort of energy and the weak premise at its core means there's very little anyone or anything could have been done to salvage it.
Not nearly funny or weird enough to see with friends after a few drinks, and despite impressive locations doesn't have enough visual appeal to simply watch on mute.
Cage plods through the story with a stiffly restrained, exaggeratedly earnest performance that makes him look like the most awkward amateur in the local Society For Creative Anachronism troupe.
If you can sit through an Uwe Boll movie, and be genuinely entertained; then run, don't walk, to see Season of the Witch.
Did either Cage or Sena even bother reading Bragi F. Schut's patchwork script, before adjusting the wig, flicking on the camera and cashing the pay cheques?
There are almost no laughs to be had in Season of the Witch. That's unfortunate, because the only chance that this overproduced yet still shoddy piece of early-January multiplex fodder had of being entertaining was as an unintentional comedy classic.
Season of the Witch begins in a Crusade taking place after the Crusades, in a 14th Century for Dummies about as immersive and real as the Ohio State Renaissance Festival.
It takes place during the 14th century, but everyone speaks in contemporary language, which might have been acceptable if the dialogue were clever or intelligent or funny or, you know, good.
It's The Crucible, except with real magic creatures, copious Cage bon mots, and the incomparably ridiculous sight of Perlman head-butting Beelzebub.
Does to the medieval era what Cage's Wicker Man did to Anthony Shaffer.
You've probably never heard of first time screenwriter Bragi F Schut. And, after wading through this 14th century swords-and-witches hokum you'll probably never want to see his name again.
Despite some terrific locations in Hungary and the Austrian Alps, this ho-hum 14th-century history lesson remains routine and unconvincing right up to its all-hell-breaks-loose CGI-heavy finale.
Disappointing, sluggishly directed medieval thriller with poor special effects, a plot that manages to be both dull and nonsensical and not even a bonkers performance from Cage to liven things up.
Off the top of my head, I'm guessing that "Season of the Witch" claims a place in the top five all-time bizarre and pointless homages to art cinema.
It's creaky, predictable and frequently idiotic. But for a tipsy Saturday night, this should tick all the right boxes.
It's not quite nutty enough to be a guilty pleasure.



@highlight

Slow, cheap-looking, and dull, Season of the Witch fails even as unintentional comedy.