Tom Hardy gives a bravura performance.
... despite its uncertain themes, Hardy's consuming performance is too fascinating to miss.
The film adeptly raises many questions, smartly refuses to give easy answers, but leaves too many things open-ended.
Together, Knight and Hardy take us on an extraordinary journey.
It's an audacious picture, perhaps a bit gimmicky-but undeniably quite good, and possibly even great.
Knight's picture falls somewhere between experiment and triumph, but it ends up being as engrossing as it is because of the terrific work of Hardy as Ivan Locke.
It's a mesmerisingly watchable movie that will leave you both exhilarated and wrung out.
Writer-director Steven Knight's Locke is literally a one-man show that rests on the able shoulders of actor Tom Hardy.
Tom Hardy's visceral performance in this one-man meltdown packs more drama than a half-dozen multi-character stories.
[Hardy's performance is] the reason you'd see Locke, and the reason you may remember it fondly, long after the ride ends.
The fact that Locke delivers, then, is splendid news, especially for fans of onscreen minimalism and alternative approaches to familiar stories.
Yes, it sounds like a gimmick. But Tom Hardy is so compelling, multilayered and terrific in the title role, this one-man show is never dull.
As you'd expect from a story that never leaves the confines of a car, Locke is intense and claustrophobic.
You don't want this movie to end.
The thriller feel is aided and abetted by the fact that Knight traps us inside the world of a guy who is himself trapped.
The feature's greatest achievement may stem from eliciting interest from its story, style and structure; however, it is its lead that sears its exploration of the inescapable inexplicably into memory.
Though Locke can't be seen as anything but a clever stunt, Hardy, soon to be starring as Mad Max, is mesmerizing company.
One of the strengths of Locke is the way it explores masculinity, both in its classic and contemporary forms.
Locke surely won't be for everyone, but those looking to challenge their perceptions about what filmmaking can be, should surely check it out. You'll be appreciative.
At the heart of it there is Hardy, whose performance is both deeply humane and oddly robotic: a man with a single purpose -- get to that destination -- pursued relentlessly.
The spare scenario may not sound inspiring, but Locke's attempts to keep his life from unraveling during a series of telephone calls make for a suspenseful and impressive experience.
Locke is nearly the very definition of ingenuity. And, in the end, you learn a little about concrete and a lot about what it takes to be a man.
This is a remarkable cinematic experiment.
Locke is a great looking and sounding tale of a man's (misguided?) quest to do the right thing.
Besides a compelling script and restrained directorial hand, it takes a marvelously talented actor to pull off that kind of high-wire act, and Hardy once again proves why he's one of the best of his generation.
Every once in a great, long while a movie comes along that doubly astonishes you -- first that anybody would even think to try it, and second that they managed to pull it off. Writer-director Steven Knight's Locke is one of those movies.
Hardy makes for a compelling psychological tour guide, utilizing much more than his right foot to add forward momentum.
Hardy gives Locke a calm, steady self-assessment, a kind of lucid despair. He's a guy forced to realize in one night that his life has no foundation.
You'd think that the one actor-many voices thing would come across as a gimmick, and it sort of does for the first 10 minutes or so. But because this is written and crafted so well, you soon forget about that.
Locke is different, but it's an art-film experiment that works.
This is a perfect vehicle for Hardy's talents, and despite the absence of anybody but the jagged-toothed Brit, Locke manages a strange level of tension.
It's Hardy's performance that finally makes more than a neat gimmick of Locke.
Hardy does sterling work in evoking the shifting balance of self-loathing [and] pride in doing the right thing... As an exercise in pure character building, it's a great one.
The film makes quite a lot out of not very much, and features a strong performance from Tom Hardy, whose versatility continues to impress - and for that it's worth checking out.
This is pure storytelling and acting and it is magnificent, compelling and wonderful.
Locke is an original and impressive experience, an unusual film of considerable quality.
Knight's structural experiment, its willingness to embrace chaos, and its ultimate emotional impact make it one of the most outstanding movies of the year so far.
In this car ... an entire story is richly told, whole characters are indelibly portrayed with nuance, ambiguity, precision, foibles, heroics and devastations, and we are thoroughly engaged, carried along as by the superior mechanisms of Locke's Mercedes.
"Locke" is NOT a thrill ride. But, it is compelling.
Fabulous, mesmerising one-man movie, Tom Hardy puts in a tour de force performance [as] a man desperate not to submit to desperation.
This is not 2014's most inviting movie experience, but it will stand as one of the year's most successful movie experiments.
The screenplay by writer-director Steven Knight ("Eastern Promises") shows a keen insight into the psychology of the sons of alcoholic fathers. Tom Hardy, one of the best actors working today, shows his versatility in this subtle performance.
You would not think a film in which a man simply drives at night from Birmingham to London could possibly be gripping, but Tom Hardy proves spellbindingly hypnotic in this decidedly unusual road movie.
A masterful performance from Tom Hardy ensures this one-man show is enthralling from beginning to end.
It is well-written and professionally constructed and guided by a powerful performance by Hardy, who is starting to become one of the most promising actors of his generation.
If there has been a better cautionary tale for men since Fatal Attraction, I can't think of it, but Locke is about more than fidelity. It's a thriller about the horrors of modern life. All that technology, but who can save him?
It is the most extraordinary feat this film, and it's not just an exercise in pyrotechnics, it's an exploration of existential angst.
For a movie set entirely inside a car, Locke is an impressive and engaging feat.
Hardy's introspective intensity helps to achieve and sustain and level of intimacy that's more thrilling than many films with 100 times the budget.
Knight's clever, tight screenplay and Hardy's tour de force performance collaborate to create a constantly captivating and even suspenseful film.
Despite a fantastic performance from Tom Hardy, "Locke" makes for a rather flat single-location flick due to its suffering from a lack of engaging material.
Hardy rises to the challenge of the format, yet the film fails to generate much suspense or sympathy.
Thanks largely to the involvement of actor Tom Hardy, it manages to become more than just a gimmick film.
Steven Knight has delivered not only a powerfully minimalistic picture, but a morally attuned one as well, that portrays how one immoral act can bring about a lifetime of affliction.
Thanks to Knight's direction, precise scripting and Tom Hardy's formidable talent, Locke is an emotionally devastating time capsule of a man riding the wave of his life collapsing.
Steven Knight's Locke makes us ride 'shotgun' with Tom Hardy for 85 minutes and doesn't let us out until the final credits roll. There are worse people to be stuck in traffic with. Carrot Top. Piers Morgan. Literally any Jenner.
Simple in concept but complex in its detail... engrossing and suspenseful.
What seems like a limited stunt concept turns out to be one of the most intense -- and cinematic -- experiences of the year, anchored to a brilliant performance by Tom Hardy.
Hardy gives a spellbinding performance.
That writer ("Eastern Promises") and director ("Redemption") Steven Knight introduces Ivan Locke as his only visible character speaks volumes about his own self-confidence as a filmmaker.
...this potentially claustrophobic experience is transformed into a rich emotional epic, one of the most satisfying and whole-feeling movies of the past few years,
An expertly tuned dramatic thriller that, like Ivan Locke, has no time to slowdown.
What we get is an intimate portrayal of a man's life as it implodes. And that is heartbreaking to watch.
Continues the idea, seen in Cronenberg's 'Cosmopolis,' that the car is no longer a refuge and a symbol of freedom but an extension of the home and office -- a mobile space that through technology remains connected to the pressures of work and family.
Construction and cracks, choices and consequences, decisions and detours, right and wrong, and frailty and strength are woven into a masterstroke of storytelling and minimalist filmmaking.
Tom Hardy makes a very compelling case that he could indeed make a spoken word interpretation of the white pages absolutely riveting viewing.
Knight's script is taut and tense, ramping up the emotional stress and parceling out details and complications with a surgeon's skill.
Locke runs an efficient 85 minutes, and it's a testament to Knight's skills that we feel we learn a lot about the characters in what out of necessity are pretty broad brushstrokes.
Locke has its flaws, but manages to satisfy as a minimalist work of social realism that is both dramatically-rich and often quite engaging.
"Locke" is one riveting film.
That solo time in the car, predictably, gets trying to watch.
A brilliant one-man, one-setting character study
For the most part, it works like gangbusters.
Take a ride with Tom Hardy in this beautiful, gripping film.
Knight's genius, beyond dialogue and direction, lies in being able to depict how layers of personality slide against each other, and how the constructs we create serve our lives.
The extreme contrivance of the scenario extends to a lot of Locke's lines to the people he's on the phone with. It may never leave the car, but it wants to stuff that car full of as much meaning and drama as it can.
A one-man tour de force for Tom Hardy.
A restless, nervy actor, Hardy seems to get a kick out of tying one hand behind his back
As intriguing as Hardy is to watch, the picture can't overcome its cinematic-stunt vibe.
Hardy's strong performance holds the movie together, but after nearly 90 minutes in the car with him, it's a bit of a relief when the ride is over.
It's a fascinating instance of a filmmaker working with self-imposed rules, but never forgetting that those restrictions are only worthwhile to the extent that they serve character and story.
An intriguing yet not-altogether-successful experiment...
...works better than it should, given its extremely limiting conceit.
Locke wastes little time accelerating into exceptional territory, but it slows down and makes a sharp turn onto an under construction detour that slows the film down bringing it to an abrupt halt.
As in real life, it's neither sweet nor uplifting, but it's a must-see.
The crises Ivan Locke faces with a tremendous will to do the right thing strike a chord. The mistakes that have him in the driver's seat, but hardly in control, are terribly human and all too familiar.
Knight's strength is his writing, and arguably, Locke would be almost as good set on a stage with a man sitting on a chair. But then you'd miss the details of Hardy's face in a film that is all about an actor's vehicle.
A man, a car, a hands-free mobile device. And it is extraordinary.
Ultimately, "Locke" is more noteworthy for the process of how it was made than the worthwhileness of the finished outcome, leaving nothing to the imagination while squandering the opportunity to explore what is going on behind Ivan's eyes.
Creating an entire film around just one actor is a challenge, but Knight has chosen wisely, putting the entire thing on the shoulders of Tom Hardy.
Hardy makes us care about the mystery of his character, which in turn, clicks the ignition of suspense.
The film feels like an exercise in dramatic style, and maybe that's enough for some people. But whether it's for me or for the characters, I need an exercise to generate a little more sweat.
Hardy rises to the gimmick and grounds "Locke" with a performance as watchably charismatic as it is minimalist. You can't take your eyes off him - which is fortunate since there's no one else there.
In the hands of actor Tom Hardy, the story is surprisingly engrossing and compelling, due to Hardy's great skill as an actor and Knight's finely wrought script.
Can we talk for a moment about how amazing it is that a movie like this even exists?
In many ways, the movie feels like the reply to a question: What would happen if we pared down moviemaking to its simplest, most elemental bones?
Although it might sound like unbearable directorial showmanship, Locke is a crisply defined drama that delivers on suspense and a swirling storm of heartache.
Director/writer Steven Knight has captured lightning in a bottle -- or at least a BMW.
Despite Hardy's impressive solo tour de force, 'Locke' is ultimately a talky trip to a pretty sappy destination.
With tremendous work by actor Tom Hardy anchoring a film that is ripe with dramatic tension, Locke is entirely absorbing despite the limitations imposed by the setting.
The movie's greatest asset by far is Hardy, whose rich, unflappable tones, even in times of high emotional pressure, bear a distinct echo of Richard Burton ...
Expensive Hollywood trickery often is superfluous filler for a film that is otherwise too weak at its very core. Character and story matter most, and "Locke" only needs one man in one car to keep you mesmerized for 85 straight minutes.
One of my favorite movies of the last couple years. Great script, Tom Hardy is f*!&ing brilliant in role.
You're almost as impatient to find out whether this will be a one-way trip as he is.
Locke is a terrific little film; despite its closed-in setting, it never feels overtheatrical or contrived...the perfect blend of setting and performance.
This film explores manhood in a way few do: The jaw-clenched man determined to do the right thing, the man set in his course who will not be swayed, the man who has taken his own measure and who cares only for that measure.
The drama of the film is in Hardy's face...
Directorially, Knight's austerity can seem at once like audacious confidence and like a lack of visual imagination.
A magnificent drama that resounds with powerful, universal themes.
Of course, the idea of setting a film around a person trapped in a confined space (Buried) or open space ( Gravity) can seem like a gimmick. But when it's done well, as it is here, it's something else: a cinematic joyride.
At less than an hour and a half, Locke presents its audience with a wholly invented language of cinema that's at once stripped down and gorgeously stylized.
Shot in just eight nights using a car mounted with three cameras, "Locke" is a terrific example of resourceful, inventive filmmaking.
The conceit is riveting at first because Knight forgoes any backstory or exposition, though as the foreman's plight becomes clear, the tension quickly dissipates.
A daring drama that believes in the power of the spoken word to carry a story.
Effectively revolves around questionable intentions from a man whose best efforts to "straighten" the family name may do just the opposite.
It sounds like a kind of show-off trick, and maybe it is. But it doesn't matter. Hardy is magnetic, using nothing but his voice and his eyes to captivate.
"Locke" is a solo act, and Tom Hardy is its superbly talented soloist.
Cinema is not about special effects, but about human emotion and a face in close-up. For those in doubt, "Locke" is the proof.
Somehow, miraculously, Knight and Hardy turn that car into the only place you want to be for every one of those minutes.
"Locke" is a true original.
Taut one-man drama explores faulty human relationships.
In Locke, we ride shotgun with Tom Hardy as he makes a fateful nighttime drive to London. He is the only person we see on screen for the entire film. There are worse ways to spend 90 minutes.
"Locke," with one man in a car for 85 minutes, is incredibly accomplished filmmaking.
Wearing a beard and a Welsh accent that fits him as comfortably as a well-worn glove, Hardy offers a subtle yet riveting portrait in noble obstinacy.
Tom Hardy gives a brilliant performance in this utterly wrenching, low-fi, high-concept indie drama.
A marvelous exercise in keep-calm-and-drive-on restraint.
Locke, commendable as sections may be, just sorta runs out of gas.
Every look, facial twitch and sentence Hardy delivers is note-perfect and is the acting display to beat early in 2014.
Steven Knight directs a sleek 82-minute tour de force that is as engaging as it is single-minded. We're with "Locke" the entire time, and it's certainly a trip worth taking.
Tours don't come much more forceful. Once you've taken this 90-odd-minute drive with Tom Hardy, you'll never forget his face.
Tom Hardy gives a spot on performance and Welsh accent, using no more than words accompanied by some few facial expressions in the near dark, in unpeeling the layers of one man's life.
The self-imposed minimalism of the conceit challenges Knight to make a compelling cinematic work. And it challenges the actor playing the title character more.
Writer-director Steven Knight keeps the gimmick going with new complications Locke thinks he can manage with his typical supreme competence.
Locke is the most unexpected, brilliant, captivating movie of the year so far.
It sounds contrived, and it is. It sounds like a bit of a stunt, and it is that too. It may even sound boring, but that it is not.
As a visual tour-de-force, Locke is workmanlike and mechanical. As a piece of drama it amounts to watching an easy-to-read character check off the boxes on an existential to-do list.
Moment by moment, with a twitch, a shudder, a look, it's Mr. Hardy who movingly draws you in, turning a stranger's face into a life.
Knight has enough faith in his dialogue (and in Hardy's ability to perform it) to cloister an entire feature film inside one vehicle, and it's a gamble that pays off brilliantly.
Locke is a powerhouse of claustrophobic suspense and fierce emotion, mostly because Tom Hardy, best known as Bane in The Dark Knight Rises, is a blazing wonder as Locke.
a deftly paced, expertly performed character study in which a man's life is completely changed as he barrels toward a new adventure while sitting in one place
Tom Hardy, the actor who plays [Locke], is by turns spellbinding, seductive, heartbreaking, explosive and flat-out thrilling.
While Locke strikes some interesting notes as an exercise in minimalist filmmaking, it fails to deliver the full-fledged symphony that would make it a true triumph.
As constrictive as the movie gets, it gets there organically, with Knight cutting with purpose between a limited grab bag of close-ups and medium shots, drizzling his images with artificial affects as the tension mounts.
Surely listening to two builders talk on the phone about the pouring of concrete into the vast foundations of a skyscraper should be the dullest conversation ever? Not so this is genuinely exciting stuff.
'Locke' does so much right that one can forgive the occasional lapse, if perhaps not the cheap, reductive doozy with which it abruptly concludes.
Locke, as fascinating as it is in theory, never evolves into anything more than a glorified acting exercise.
Tom Hardy drives a car down a motorway for 90 minutes while making some hands-free calls. Not exactly a 'wow' pitch - yet this one-man movie is compelling.
An intense, well-acted drama of one middle-aged man's dark night of the soul where his choices come back to haunt him.
Luckily, Hardy is compelling enough here to drive - forgive the pun - the action.
I can't think of anyone I'd rather see white-knuckled behind the wheel than Hardy, who with his bravura performance here has turned me into a true believer.
Writer-director Stephen Knight gets more suspense out of the restricted nature of Locke's predicament than you would ever think possible.
A riveting performance from Tom Hardy makes this pseudo-thriller utterly riveting, turning even the most contrived plot elements into punchy drama.
Locke is a minimalist near-masterwork, throttled by a tour de force performance from Tom Hardy and Steven Knight's smart direction.
The film's modus operandi-set entirely in an automobile-hinders the script's ability to evolve into anything resonant.
Although we're never taken far beyond the hero's windshield, it's still very much a movie rather than some stagebound theater piece.
Makes the case for Hardy as one of the most compelling actors working today.
Locke is everything most of [Steven Knight's past films] aren't, with an identifiable character struggling with real problems, but compressing time and place to concentrate emotion and heighten mood.
A bold, evocative film, in which voices, intonations and noises off - and a terrific unseen supporting cast - build up a detailed picture of a world and a man's life, as elegantly and economically as the best radio play.
The literalizing of Ivan Locke's hidden self and his inability to master it ultimately exposes the film as the squarest kind of theater: drama therapy.
Known as the screenwriter of such estimable films as "Dirty Pretty Things" and "Eastern Promises," Stephen Knight delivers a glorified one-act play that makes up for what it lacks in location variety and story-arc in keenly written dialogue.
We knew that great films needn't be propelled by action or incident; sometimes the incidental's plenty; but movies like Locke are a fine and welcome reminder.
Its star delivers a note-perfect performance that saves the film from its own shortcomings, with Tom Hardy once again proving himself to be one of the finest actors of his generation.
A milestone film for both actor and film-maker, Locke is extraordinary viewing.
Writer-director Steven Knight tries too hard to make us love his hard-working, old-school everyman.
Knight elicits an exceptional performance from Hardy as a man whose extraordinary self-discipline belies his seething inner turmoil.
A failed attempt at cinematic minimalism.
This is a terrific film, a clever thriller woven out of a largely ordinary set of circumstances, and beautifully shot despite the self-imposed visual constraints.
An intriguing chamber work.
Locke is an ingenious British film that spends ninety minutes in a car with Tom Hardy and keeps you gripped throughout.
We say things like, 'Oh, I'd watch that guy read the phone book,' and this is almost that. Except it really is absolutely riveting, and that's no joke.
At first I thought this might be a glorified radio play. Not a bit of it. You need to keep watching Hardy's face.
Lean, engrossing, and entirely unique - you'll never look at junction 5 of the M1 in the same way again.
A brilliant minimalist piece of cinéma de chambre, in this case the chamber being the titular protagonist's car.
This slim and pretty terrific thriller may just prove to be the ultimate antidote to this summer's bloated superhero onslaught.
An intensely gripping and powerfully emotional drama, all of which is pretty remarkable, considering that the entire movie consists of Tom Hardy talking on his phone while driving to Croydon.
It is a movie with a pace that never slackens, and yet still allows you to feel you're being given time to recollect, reflect, look about.
If you're going to make a film about a guy taking calls from his car -- and if half of those calls are about concrete -- then you sure as hell better cast a lead actor with command of the screen.
This is a well-judged, well-acted, absorbing drama and an exciting break from the norm because - in the figurative sense - there are no signposts.
As engrossing as any thriller, this quietly shattering character study, like Locke himself, achieves exactly what it sets out to, with the minimum of fuss.
Locke may be on the blower for most of the film's 85 minute running time, but you can hardly accuse Hardy of phoning it in. The actor delivers a masterclass in acting for the big screen.
Hardy gives a fine, naturalistic performance, but the journey isn't much more than a radio play with flashing indicators.
There are films to see on huge screens, but this is one that almost cries out for a small cinema, surrounded by total blackness. It's a daring experiment brilliantly executed, with Tom Hardy giving one of the performances of his career.
Locke trusts the main performance unquestionably and...gives Tom Hardy the best showcase yet for his ferocious magnetism.
"I'm driving," he says, and the BMW is his cranium, and the voices the voices rocketing within, the car less infernal cage than fevered skull. All the confinement, the inspired technical legerdemain, it's all a means to an end, and that end is "Locke."
This does not quite share the subtlety of Beckett (metaphors of hardening concrete footprints are a little too obvious), or the poetry of language, but must be considered a modern equivalent.
A one-man show, dependent entirely on Hardy's performance as a man whose personal and professional lives are in danger of crashing down around him.
Tom Hardy owns this taut, telling character study.
Hardy takes an incredibly difficult assignment in that he's the only face seen for 85 minutes, but he gets so deep under the skin of this complex character that he elevates a script that can sometimes feel like a narrative cheat.
Who'd have thought that concrete would make such compelling subject matter?
Tom Hardy is brilliant in what's essentially a one-man show.
Few actors could shoulder this level of scrutiny - every twitch and shift in expression is magnified - but Hardy's restraint is breathtaking.
This is a masterclass in how the most local, most hemmed-in stories can reverberate with the power of big, universal themes.
Having stripped away all but the bare necessities, having reduced the components to a car and a man - they make a classic error of overcompensation. Locke, it occurs, is quite the most garrulous exercise in minimalism I've witnessed in years.
An exceptional one-man show for Tom Hardy, this ingeniously executed study in cinematic minimalism has depth, beauty and poise.
A virtuoso narrative and technical experiment that doesn't stint on dramatic complexity or heart.
It's something of a miracle that Knight manages to protract the material to feature length, though that's more down to Hardy's powerhouse presence as opposed to repetitious lattice of lens-flared motorway lights...
There are no car chases and no car crashes, and no-one else appears on screen. Around half of the dialogue is about concrete. It's one of the most nail-biting thrillers of the year.
Locke is a gripping and deeply cinematic human and ethical drama.
It's an impressive achievement in a very impressive film, one that can only increase the esteem in which both Knight and Hardy are held.
This is a groundbreaking and beautifully rendered film, with Tom Hardy in brilliant form.

@highlight

A one-man show set in a single confined location, Locke demands a powerful performance -- and gets it from a never-more-compelling Tom Hardy.