The drama never feels more than a well-shot TV soap. Worse is Roos' tragic insistence on text inserts to explain every motivation, making the whole thing look like a fatal cross between Queer As Folk and VH1's Pop Up Video.
Potent social satire mixes with multiple characters incapable of telling the truth, especially to themselves, in writer/director Don Roos' enjoyable comedy of deception and dysfunction.
There's a little fanciful magic to spread over this flighty romance on the run, or at least enough to take that hackneyed notion of the happy ending, and fashion something fresh and new.
Rarely has a film started so brilliantly and then so willfully shot itself directly in the foot.
A quirky and often enjoyable film about dysfunctional relationships, Happy Endings brings together separate stories about complicated characters who are all trying to deal with the truth.
The cast is a who's who, a who's not, and a who might one day be; they're the best part of a picture that is unnecessarily complex.
Happy Endings is two-thirds of a really good film.
The most satisfying film of the year.
An unsuccessful attempt is made to tie all these loose threads together into one coherent story.
...an uneven, sometimes rambling journey that elicits mostly false emotion with regard to the payoff suggested by its title.
Lisa Kudrow's sporting serious brown hair. Tom Arnold's wearing a rare dramatic frown. So we know Happy Endings isn't likely to be a frivolous comedy.
Intriguing but overlong and indulgent, the work of a writer too in love with his characters.
Serves as a relaunching pad for the magical talents of Maggie Gyllenhaal as Jude.
...although it's generally entertaining throughout, Happy Endings just doesn't have the emotional impact that Roos is clearly striving for.
Overstuffed with characters and contrivances.
Roos's movie is so aggressively pleased with itself it leaves you feeling it doesn't even need an audience.
Roos does better at imparting a sense of the striving that's inherent to L.A., letting us know, through the characters' living situations, that not everyone shares in the town's magic.
It isn't quite right to call Happy Endings a comedy, although the film does have plenty of dark humour. It's more of an urban fairy tale, and a positive urban fairy tale about the pursuit of love.
[It] feels like Paul Thomas Anderson's Magnolia for adolescents.
Even more cynical than the characters in Happy Endings is how Roos treats them in the final reel.
Having whipped up three basic story ideas, any one of which could be the basis of a decent feature, Roos throws them all in together and gussies them up with preposterous complications.
[Roos']s writing is facile--he needs actors like Kudrow and Gyllenhaal to give his work depth and texture, and he seems to sense it without jealousy.
Unabashedly sentimental (cheekily couched in a black-comic guise), with Roos acting as a sort of benevolent god over his characters.
Like the pilot for a pretentious HBO 'dramedy' that expects us to contemplate its significance during the silences that broadcast television would fill with a laugh track.
It's easy to guess everything that happens long before it does, and the 'shocking' secrets are anything but.
[S]ing[s] with truths about how we define love today and why we embrace chaos over order in personal relationships...
Watching a film by Roos is like being locked in a room for two hours with people you loathe.
Roos does an admirable job balancing the tragedy and comedy.
The narrative sprawls without achieving depth and carries the additional burden of featuring only two or three interesting characters out of 10 candidates.
The film isn't engaging enough to hold the average viewer's attention for its full two-plus hour running length.
Roos creates a slate of interesting characters who find themselves in unexpected situations that lead to realistic -- and in their own way, happy -- endings.
Director Roos has way too many balls in the air here. The film is long and the multiple plots distracting.
Contrived and complicated - yet compelling - it's all about the search for contentment as lonely souls connect.
Roos' long and uneven adult comedy happily offers another captivating performance by Gyllenhaal, who purrs as a kittenish vixen.
This tops my short list of 2005's best films thus far.
It's a shallow, cruddy-looking film that these fine actors have granted a depth it frankly doesn't deserve.
The surface smoothness can't make up for the deeper flaws...fails signally in establishing any solid emotional connection with most of the people it portrays.
Worthwhile for the three leads (Kudrow, Gyllenhaal, and Coogan) and for Roos's unique perspectives as a storyteller, close captioned for cognitively impaired.
Writer/director Don Roos has fashioned a funny though sometimes bleak and cynical black comedy, with multiple storylines that sometimes connect in jarring fashion.
Although all actors are plausible in their respective roles, Gyllenhaal's Jude is the only one that is provided with enough dimensionality to keep things interesting.
What "Happy Endings" really needs is more Maggie.
[Roos is] trying to understand the consequence of keeping secrets and the ways in which secrets tear people apart or bring them together.
Happy Endings, like its characters, is an ambitious, if flawed, work, but there is also a touching soulful quality that cannot be denied and cannot be faked.
I enjoyed the journey, but I was ready to get to the ending. You can wait to catch this one on video.
The serious stuff cancels out the funny stuff, and the funny stuff really isn't all that funny to begin with.
Happy Endings is the kind of self-conscious puzzle picture in which characters behave in ways that serve the plot but in no way resemble things that actual human beings would be likely to do.
Complicated? Yes. Potentially heavy? Sure. But it's also highly engrossing and, in a dark way, ultimately rather sweet.
What's so splendid about Happy Endings is the very fact that it fits into no genre whatsoever and at no time while watching it can you say, oh, probably this is going to happen.
Happy Endings, its interwoven stories exploring the consequences of sex and the ramifications of procreation, is mildly thought-provoking without using heavy-handed commentary.
Roos' sly, throwaway insights into the ways people deceive and undermine themselves are both ruefully funny and painfully on the mark.
An intricate ensemble comedy about sex, lies and reproduction, has some messy spots, but overall it's a warm, quirky story about people who seem spiky and real.
[A] comedic exercise that has its share of contrived moments but comes together as an entertaining, omnibus acting vehicle.
Extremely pleasurable and well worth seeing.
The film is a curious mixture of acid-etched black comedy and sentiment that lacks sufficient dramatic and emotional credibility.
A few nice performances and a script full of novelties with a human feel make it worth seeing.
A warm and vital homage to urban cluelessness.
You get the feeling a script is a bit beyond itself when words constantly appear on the screen explaining biographies, plot twists and such, and Roos depends on a constant parade of such explanations in Happy Endings.
Happy Endings has nothing new to say -- and takes way too long not to say it.
Heartfelt but dark comedy.
Mr. Roos obviously enjoys directing actors and knows how to relate to them. But Happy Endings suggests he needs a stronger touch when it comes to his own self-indulgence as writer and director.
The movie hums along on the strength of its smart, intricate plot and the performances.
As tidily and 'happily' as this movie winds up, it seems like a draft for a project Roos is still working out.
In essence, the film is a darkly comic take on the well-worn saying, you can't always get what you want.
There is a contrived aspect to a lot of the action. But Roos' insights into parenting, friendship and, of course, love, more than make up for the sometimes forced path that leads to them.
As bawdy, self-conscious, jaded and still sweetly optimistic as its double-entendre of a title suggests.
The writer and director Don Roos's slyly subversive ensemble piece is a drama disguised as a wisp of a comedy.
There's something compelling about Happy Endings and something unexpectedly sweet.
Roos' stories eventually overlap in a tangle of pat fairy-tale endings, after which he treats his characters to the sort of wrap party given to the casts of a beloved TV series that has just finished its last episode.
It's hard to dislike Don Roos' Magnolia-inspired triptych of interconnected comic tales about lies, sex and video.
Happy Endings begins with what seems quite an unhappy ending, when Mamie (Lisa Kudrow) is hit by a car.
Happy Endings needed much more than the intricacies of styling gel to explore the heart of its characters.
The Opposite of Sex's writer-director returns with another sharp, smart look at sex, love and life in L.A.
a quieter, less uproarious sort of film than Sex, less intent on smashing conventions of morality and narrative, though likely it will age much better with time
Genuinely clever and very funny, and all the joking around serves to distract from what is actually an uneven, often absurd series of storylines.
The film rambles, but rambling with the mischievous Roos is still a tricky and winning proposition.
Disjointed indie comic drama.
The best asset is first-rate acting; the worst liability is Roos's overuse of cinematic gimmicks.
It's a challenge to keep up with the multiple character studies and story lines, which are braided, tangled and teased. But the performances are exceptional.
Happy Endings maintains a certain level of intrigue, and occasionally bursts into life.
Swift, multi-layered story-telling.
Roos has a gift weaving good laughs out of human failings and frailties.
Satisfying dramedy with an artery blocked heart.
It will make at least some of us feel happy to be alive, to be a person who is flawed and intolerable and perfectly fabulous just the same.
There is intermittent charm in the execution and, especially, in the performances.
Lithe, clever, thoughtful, well-acted and certainly entertaining.
Marking time until Roos gets tired of spinning his webs of astringent, pithy, smug little nothings.
Secrets and lies laid bare by a strong cast make Roos' happy endings cathartic and reassuring.
Trouble is, every character in Roos' universe plays at having problems in a homo-hetero-Angeleno world but lacks substance, each little more than a composite of quirks and one-liners.
Offers nothing beyond irritating characters, mean-spirited encounters, and boring finales.
Roos forecasts and explains every development with a title card, a device not unlike having someone yammering in your ear throughout the entire feature run time.
In a season of overpriced cookie-cutter movies that underestimate their audience, the ambition and intelligence of Roos' film is a happy outcome indeed.
Even more irritating than the film's third act triumphs is its lack of faith in moviegoers' intelligence.
Overlong, largely because of supernumerary characters.
I enjoyed HAPPY ENDINGS, despite the fact that it uses several narrative devices I hope never to see in indie movies again for some time.
Rambling, overlong, and diffuse, Roos' comedy tries to tackle contempo alternate lifestyles that Hollywood romantic comedies neglect.
Roos, as a writer, has a flair for comedy, but he could do with someone else on board as director to rein him in.












@highlight

Despite strong individual performances, the overlong, disjointed plot of Happy Endings self-indulgently rambles.