The Braff brothers tried to say something in Wish I Was Here about the commitment and faith that hold families  together. But their hesitancy allows the message to dissolve into the overall banality of the movie.
Wish I Was Here is a warm, intimate and dry comedy-drama.
OK, so not a lot happens, but what does is honest, liberally-laced with Jewish humour and heart-felt in a way anyone with a family will understand.
Sixty percent hipster indie art house junk, and forty percent actual substance that's worth watching.
All in all, a good summer movie.
Unfortunately, the film spends so much time trying to define itself, we're never allowed to immerse ourselves into the experience.
Just about all of the "compromises" that Braff says he'd have been forced to make (and I'm slightly perturbed to say this, being a fairly consistent support-the-artist type) would have made 'Wish I Was Here' a better film.
The film creatively runs aground and never jostles itself loose, content to wallow in the kind of misery that "Garden State" rebuffed.
Braff directs a Soggy sitcom of a movie
Braff clearly wants us to find his hapless hero's travails funny and affecting. Instead, they come across as self-indulgent navel-gazing.
Zach Braff's second effort is a tricky one to value.
Since the adorable, simple Garden State, Braff's ambitions as a filmmaker have grown. He's reaching for answers to really big questions, but they are, just slightly, beyond his grasp.
As Aidan, Graff combines depth of insight with an endearing naivety, and the rest of the cast could hardly be better.
Zach Braff's quality sequel to his quarter-life crisis gem Garden State.
The movie is life-like, which is one of the highest compliments.
From a guy in his 20s this kind of sappy feel-good pap seemed at least kind of appropriate... From the same guy ten years later it just feels false.
It sounds awful, but it's actually quite likable in an indulgent indie-spirited way, skipping breezily through laughter and tears in largely inoffensive fashion.
Why are dying people so bloody selfish? What about poor Zach and his broken dreams?
The personal awakening story is enjoyable and self-deprecatingly honest ...
Underneath its mawkish layers -- and there's a few to unpack -- Wish I Was Here is an honest, funny, and touching attempt by Braff to tackle serious and relatable themes.
While it overreaches itself at times, it's a warm, engaging and winningly sincere comic drama.
There's a charm to this piece, though it's an underwhelming, self-indulgent sophomore endeavour for Zach Braff.
All the cute scenes and montages, leading inexorably to redemption and reconciliation, could have been generated by screenwriting software.
Decidedly ineffectual.
A mildly engaging watch even if you wish you probably weren't there.
It may be entertaining, but Wish I Was Here is far less profound than it thinks it is.
I still hold a soft spot for Garden State, and I like Braff as both an on-screen performer and a filmmaker. As a director, he has a keen eye; it just failed him horribly here.
Lacking - perhaps deliberately - its predecessor's hipster edge, WIWH functions as a grown-up weepie, following Aidan on a journey of enlightenment.
Despite laudably aiming for originality much of Braff's second film plays out as self-pitying Hollywood schmaltz.
Up-and-comer Joey King is the only bright spot as Aidan's teenage daughter Grace who is fanatically committed to her Orthodox faith, arguably in the absence of strong parental guidance.
Lashed together with bands of humour.... is a darkish parcel of stumbling humanity in search of answers we all seek - like the meaning of life
Witty, zippy dialogue coupled by tangible situations and honest reactions mesh sweetly to create a dense and meaningful film, replete with all the ups and downs that life can dish out and to which we can relate so intimately
Zach Braff's follow-up to Garden State shines most when it deals with two sons' relationship with their dying father.
An intensely intimate look at life, death and what falls in between, Zach Braff's 'Wish I Was Here' is a touching, realistic look at a family in crisis.
This is deep, wonderful stuff and is the year's best feel-good movie.
There are enough moments to remind me why I fell in love with Braff's first film, moments of sweetness, moments of silliness.
... a muddled comedy that feels more like a vanity project than a profound examination of upper-middle class family dynamics.
The screenplay Braff co-wrote with his brother is said to be semi-autobiographical but rarely feels real. Emotions are stitched onto contrived situations - piled onto them, actually - to manipulate a response.
Patinkin and King's characters' wrangling with spirituality is sincere, and specific. Everything else in this everything-and-the-kitchen-sink film feels like too many ideas stored up over an especially long winter.
Zach Braff's latest is well-intentioned, but also drab and predictable.
Whenever the comedy loses steam and the emoting gets too much, the movie queues up another indie-emo-fueled montage to fill the emotional gaps. What would Zach Braff be without the Shins?
Wish I Was Here is a confident, funny and heartfelt tragicomedy that, although not without its blemishes, proves Braff is more than just a one-hit wonder.
A few inspired moments make up for a lot of missteps along the way.
...engrossing, heartfelt...
There's whimsy that could have landed on the cutting room floor. Braff would realize that, if he were cranking out reflective melodramas like this once every other year, instead of once every other decade.
It wants so badly to be profound, and while it is extremely touching and moving on some levels, on others it misfires completely.
Despite feeling bloated at times, Wish I was Here still works, and makes a nice change of pace from the comic book movies packing cinemas this summer.
Zach Braff's sophomore feature, is either wildly self-indulgent or genuine and heartfelt, and certainly both, and that's okay.
The bewildering Wish I Was Here falters in between its moments of pure excellence. A well-made film by a talented individual settles for being a compelling adventure that falls short of crossing that finish line into absolute greatness.
Wish I Was Here's philosophical scope never gets much bigger than the slip of paper inside a fortune cookie.
Zach Braff's film, 'Wish I Was Here,' never quite gels, veering wildly from strident, sitcom-style humor to genuine pathos..
Messy but moving film has mature themes.
It is sometimes maudlin, sometimes trivial and sometimes very moving, but never less than achingly sincere.
This isn't anyplace you'd really wish to be.
The fruits of writer-director Zach Braff's Kickstarter are here for the general public, and they're at once vibrantly weird, beautiful and thoughtful.
Walter Mitty meet Aidan Bloom. Or, to be more precise, Ben Stiller meet Zach Braff -- your undiscovered soulmate who suffers from the same brand of narcissism-tinged neurosis.
More soap opera than cinema, but the cast is very good.
The plot, co-written with Braff's brother Adam, seems to have been set up to hit all the beats required of an uplifting, finding-your-way story.
Braff plays Aidan with easygoing exasperation and Hudson is better than I've seen her since Almost Famous.
Wish I Was Here is a funny, touching movie that features one of Kate Hudson's best performances and a curmudgeonly good one from Mandy Patinkin.
Insufferably self-indulgent.
No good roles for women in movies, you say? Hudson's Sarah consciously and joyfully embraces her midlife transition to matriarch of a family. She is up to the task. I wish there were more like her.
"Wish I Was Here" is a welcome, if belated, second chapter in a filmmaker's career. I just hope we don't have to wait another 10 years to see what he thinks about life as a forty-something ...
Braff piles on even more subplots that often strike at something true but just as often get in the way from a clearer narrative.
"Wish I Was Here" sets up some big moments but doesn't follow through on them, emotionally or otherwise. Like its title implies, it's absent at its own party.
I wish Wish I Was Here made me care more about this guy's woes, but there's a patness to the weepy scenarios. To the funny ones, too.
It is good. It is sincere, funny, thoughtful and spiritual, often poignant, and with a deep strain of existential worry running underneath the whole thing.
Just like in "Garden State," Braff takes all of the trials and tribulations of Bloom family life and ties it all off in a happily-ever-after finale. "Wish I Was Here" is light entertainment but forces itself upon you.
For brief moments, Wish I Was Here gets it, only to return to its distancing ways.
He understands the secret that parents keep from their children: We're making it up as we go along... a sweet film that reminds us that we're not alone on the journey.
An uneven, sometimes charming, sometimes amateurish exploration of a particular time in a still-young man's life.
There are some solid ideas, but there are so many superfluous storylines that the movie's lovely moments - and they are there - get covered up and hidden.
What's it about? Everything and nothing. Seriously: If wishes were horses, one would have walked into the movie and told us what exactly Braff thought was going on.
For a film that purports to be about the process of maturity and growth, it is woefully un-evolved, lacking in understanding and insight.
Sophomore slumps don't come any more irritating than "Wish I Was Here," the painfully sincere, emotionally fraudulent new comedy-drama from actor-writer-director Zach Braff.
Because Braff is such an affable screen presence, it's easy to relate to many of his character's concerns. Unfortunately, his script, written with his brother Adam, settles for easy answers. A cynic might call it trite.
There's a valid comedy-drama in the story of a man who can't tell if his lifelong ambition is a true passion or a pipe dream, but Braff prefers facile life lessons and slow-motion hugging to tough questions.
Braff has made a coming of age saga for a grown man. It works in part, his central theme a good one, but his more puerile filmmaking tendencies weaken its impact. Hudson, however, is excellent, the most mature element of a too fanciful film.
A heartfelt if heavy-handed sermon about chasing dreams, forgiving sins and honoring Woody Allen.
Self-serving and juvenile.
Braff tries to cram so much into it, no scene ever exists for its own sake, to establish rhythm or help us know these characters outside of the ongoing family crises.
If I were one of the generous and optimistic contributors to Zach Braff's Kickstarter campaign to fund Wish I Was Here, I'd ask for my money back. All of it.
Braff has always maintained that he chose an alternative route to retain creative control-and the film's final cut seems to vindicate his decision and the faith of the thousands of backers, too.
Wish I Was Here is a state of confusion, not a Garden State.
Watery at best, whiny at its worst ...
The earlier, comedic scenes work a lot better than the later, dramatic ones, thanks mainly to Braff's wide-eyed, deadpan performance and good supporting work from Kate Hudson.
For audiences seeking shelter from superhero carnage, "Wish I Was Here" is a lovely place to be.
Braff struggles with shifting tones while mismanaging his own character. It's easier to appreciate the effort than it is to enjoy the film.
Disjointed and uneven, seeming at times like the Kickstarter gang got to contribute one idea each in exchange for their donations, all of which were greenlit by Braff - with the proviso they all be about him.
Wish I Was Here, not unlike its predecessor Garden State, captures a certain generational drift. It just doesn't know what to do with it. So it beats the damned thing into the ground until it's dead.
The film is as phony as they come.
Don't criticize Braff for crowdfunding. Criticize him for making a film that's shallow, simplistic, empty and just generally terrible.
Whether you're among the 46,520 Kickstarter contributors or an avowed member of the anti-Braff brigade, you may just find yourself trying to stifle a sniffle.
Were you to sit down and write a movie with the instruction that it be funny, sad, and inspirational, you're likely to come up with better ideas than...this tepid Generation X version of a James L. Brooks film.
Never becomes anything more than an anemic sit-com leavened with heavy doses of mawkishness. 'Wish I Was Here' will make you wish you weren't.
The major problem here is that Braff seems completely incapable of distinguishing between pathos and bathos.
Braff's wholehearted embrace of weepie clichés - deathbed confessionals pop up as often as the indie tunes - clashes with the movie's more side-eyed and profane observations.
Throughout "Wish I Was Here," you are aware of how carefully its elements - from fantasy sci-fi sequences to deathbed confessions - are measured out in teaspoons.
A disastrous, insufferable movie that bungles emotion at every turn, coating everything in a toxic glaze of self-importance.
Zach Braff already showcased his cloying humour and appetite for pretty (and pretty meaningless) images in 2004's Garden State. In the decade since, his filmmaking hasn't matured.
If this movie amounts to an elongated sitcom, it's a pretty good sitcom.
Wish I Was Here ... made me wish I was anywhere else.
Braff claims to have turned to Kickstarter to avoid financier interference, but nothing in Wish I Was Here feels out of the norm for an Indiewood production.
Get past your Braff-Kickstarter resentment and Kate Hudson phobia, and this isn't half bad -- funny, emotionally sharp -- even if it is all over the place.
Some will find the director's toothless brand of epiphany comforting (and download his mixtape), but the vast majority will find it tired.
Wish I Was Here is at least stretching toward something, and even if its reach exceeds its grasp, Braff's earnest determination as a filmmaker and performer helps smooth out some of the awkward bumps.
The best of [the gags] speak to a mordant anxiety. The jokes are toxically whimsical (as in a bit where Aidan sings a song about geometry to his kids) or weirdly ethnic in target.
Far more forgettable than its production history.
It's hard to see the fiscal woes at the center of Zach Braff's second feature as anything more than a fashionable depiction of first-world problems.
Wish I Was Here is an honest second feature from the mind of Zach Braff, and while some may deem it crudely self-indulgent, I believe there's enough beauty in Aidan's journey to rattle an older culture of dreamers.
Expect to be moved to tears by this poignant picture's bittersweet resolution and sobering, universal message about the importance of family.
Uneven and self-indulgent.
At almost two hours, the film feels every minute of it, building to a climax that basically amounts to the platitude "being a father is really hard."
...laden with enough truth to make you wish it had been better, more restrained, more disciplined, more trusting in its own emotional sensitivity to spare us all manner of dorky detours.
Braff's heart is very much 'in it' as Natalie Portman's Sam would say, and while his character fantasizes about science fiction role-playing, the complete storyteller is looking for the reality in our everyday fictions and how it applies to all of us.
Phony, shallow, and completely disconnected from reality. To make matters worse, it thinks it's sincere, deep, and realistic.
It feels as though it would have been better served as a six-part sitcom, where its sentimentality, broad comedy and fantasy elements wouldn't rub up against each other so badly.
Ten years after Garden State, Zach Braff returns to directing with this funny and heartwarming take on fatherhood.
[A] funny and emotionally satisfying tale of thirtysomethings trying to come to terms with life itself ...
Zach Braff tries - and fails - for a thirtysomething 'Garden State' redux in Kickstarter-funded sophomore effort.
Eventually, one succumbs to this comedy-drama's tear-jerking assault, even if at the same time acknowledging the movie's navel-gazing limitations.
Shoots emotional fish in a barrel without contributing to the conversation. Desperate, manipulative and self-indulgent.

@highlight

There's no denying Wish I Was Here is heartfelt, but it covers narrative ground that's already been well trod -- particularly by director Zach Braff's previous features.