This is not merely a Garbo film, it is a Lubitsch film, and the result is enchanting.
The romantic roundelay, linking fine emotions with fine lingerie, is shadowed by the brutality of Soviet tyranny.
The prospect of seeing the usually oh-so-serious Greta Garbo nyukking it up proved irresistible to the moviegoing public of 1939.
This column has generally no quarrel with scene-to-scene entertainment, serving a legitimate demand for relaxation, though it adds up to nothing. But the entertaining gags of this picture add up to something, and it is not pleasant.
This one is neither crude clowning nor crude prejudice, but a literate and knowingly directed satire which lands many a shrewd crack about phony Five Year Plans, collective farms, Communist jargon and pseudo-scientific gab.
Ninotchka is delicate flirtation and political satire made into a perfect whole, and a reminder of skills that studio writers have largely lost.
Iridescent and teaming with vitality, Garbo glows in her penultimate film.
Ninotchka stands as one of the finest films Lubitsch made. It was reportedly one of the director's own favorites among his films, and it's easy to see why.
Great, but kids may need historical context.
The masterpiece among Lubitsch's later films.
It's comedy is rooted in classic sentimentality, but the dialog is often hammer and sickle sharp.
It is a film that blends pratfalls and a sophisticated comedy of manners.
Selection of Ernst Lubitsch to pilot Garbo in her first light performance in pictures proves a bull's-eye.
The satire may be mostly a matter of easy contrasts, but the lovers inhabit a world of elegance and poise that is uniquely and movingly Lubitsch's.
This was Garbo's first comedy and second last film. And it's a unique role for her, first because she starts off as a dour, cold comrade with no sense of humour, and second because she laughs herself into a love of capitalist vices.
It's Garbo's next-to-last film and first American comedy.
MGM announced to the world: Garbo Laughs! In a major departure from her screen image, Garbo brings incredibly sensual abandon to her role of a glum, scientifically trained Bolshevik envoy who succumbs to Parisian decadence of romance and champagne.
Garbo laughs ... and the rest of us revel in a comedy delight.
It's still consistently amusing, and Garbo throws herself into the fray with engaging vigour.
...thanks to Garbo, its supporting cast, and director Ernst Lubitsch's magic touch, it remains one of Hollywood's most sparkling products.
Garbo does laugh! Delightful political musings.
One of the sprightliest comedies of the year.
Its legend isn't really justified, but it's good
one of Garbo's greatest hits, still a treat to watch
While Ninotchka may lack something for the masses, it must be catalogued as a triumph for all concerned.
Enchanting.
The film bubbles merrily throughout.
Ninotchka (1939) was the long-awaited, classic romantic comedy, with a clever and witty script and the magnificent presence of actress Greta Garbo
A highly enjoyable comedy -- one of the greatest ever made.
entertaining and worth seeing for Garbo, one of the first magnetic screen presences
Ernst Lubitsch may have thought he was only poking fun at another country, but he was actually poking fun at the future.



@highlight

With Greta Garbo proving her comedy chops in the twilight of her career, Ninotchka is a can't-miss classic.