An absolute slap in the face to the fans who made the franchise a hit in the first place.
The Final Destination is a catastrophe in and of itself.
Imagine a film that features an endless cavalcade of people being eviscerated in the bloodiest and bone-snappiest of ways, yet which somehow manages to inspire the audience to envy the victims.
screams 'made for TV'
There's absolutely no reason for The Final Destination to exist other than the only one Hollywood studios really care about: a cynical cash grab. [Blu-ray]
Like too many horror franchises, a premise that was once scary has evolved into something campy and self-aware.
...if you've seen one such movie, you've seen them all, and one is too much.
If The Final Destination is what horror fans want these days, be very, very afraid.
Selling bland fatalism to kids, it's the work of crooks.
The film showers you with gore while dumping a motor engine in your lap and poking you in the eye with a burnt stick.
The characters are crash-test dummies, with dialogue to match. Yet Eric Bress' script is mockingly self-aware, framing the film as the ultimate example of violence as entertainment.
The final (really?) film in this lifeless franchise about the inevitability of death, which typically comes in the form of some grisly three-dimensional accident.
The new film has been expertly shot in 3-D, and the extra dimension does punch-up the impact of the franchise's famously intricate set- piece snuffings.
Where some of the previous installments have been quite clever, the focus here is entirely on angling the camera so that something else can rush at us.
A tired imitation of the first film in the series, the 3-D offers little to improve this vacuous and unnecessary sequel.
As a thriller, it's damn effective. It had me sitting anxiously on the edge of my seat, knuckles whitened, not because of a gory death, but because of the suspenseful build up to one.
What does it say about us when we go to cinemas to see people die in gruesome, yet inventive ways?
...a fitting follow-up to its trio of like-minded forebears.
click to read the full review
You might just as well stay home and watch one of the other three, where at least there will be some devilish wit and ironic humor in evidence.
would be a genuinely terrible movie (even as far as horror sequels go) except for its mordant sense of humor
I thought they might call this 'Final Final Destination' to wrap up the franchise.
Why watch people die discreetly with a small amount of CGI blood when you can cue up the DVD of the second film and watch that kid get squashed like an overripe grape?
If you're interested in looking at creative carnage, The Final Destination has just want you want. And in 3D, too.
For me, this has always been a series of films that, other than a couple of inventive kills and one insanely choreographed opening sequence, has always been more or a less a waste of time.
James Cameron and the folks at Pixar may disagree, but this is what 3D was made for: To make audiences scream and duck as Death hurls lethal objects from the screen.
Despite the added 3-D imagery, elaborate sequences that lead to doomed characters' deaths remain the most interesting thing about this latest Final Destination.
On its fourth go-round, the can-we-cheat-death exercise has become flatter than its characters, and the racist redneck, arrogant jock, buxom but shallow soccer mom, and perky, easy-on-the-eyes girlfriends make for a pretty flat cast.
Reheats the package of fate and premonition with snoozy panache. Thought the title all but demands finality to the franchise, something tells me the "Final" at play here is more wicked irony than a welcome promise.
The film is worth every penny of your money to see in theaters but please be aware that the acting and script are both horrendous.
One severed head is worth a thousand words.
You figure the alleged final destination would have more to offer audiences...
Since not even 3-D can put your eyes out, our only hope is that this time, the title is a promise and not a tease.
[A] silly and predictable fourth installment in the lucrative thriller series about pretty young people attempting to cheat death.
[The] set pieces never quite muster the giddy brio of Final Destination 1 and 3 auteur James Wong at his best.
With the exception of Williamson, the actors are as disposable as their characters, and there is no story to speak of.
Death comes in 3D but everything else is tedious.
Once again, a group of pretty young things who have escaped the opening disaster proceed to die, one by one, as fate catches up with them.
Death, Be Not Boring would have been a better title for this fourth installment in the teen splatter franchise.
The Final Destination is the movie equivalent of a struggling strip-mall store wedged between Metro PCS and a pawn shop. Someone please foreclose.
Its chopping-block fodder is agonizingly bland; each character has one prominent major flaw, or no personality at all.
The novelty for this supernatural screamfest is the 3-D, making the concept of impalement, for example, seem to thrust directly into the audience.
The 3-D effect been applied. It adds a bit of extra fun to what is otherwise a routine repeat of the formula.
The fourth film in this occult-horror franchise differs from its predecessors in being shot in superb 3D, which is employed to gory effect.
A quick, cheap cash-in.
Does anyone in Hollywood know what "final" means? Enough already!
watching 'death' find new and inventive ways to kill people somehow still hasn't gotten old yet and this latest chapter in the series is just as entertaining as the others.
Provides food for thought about fate and our own mortality as well as exciting scenes for viewers who enjoy seeing blood and guts on screen.
The laugh-out-loud funniest comedy of the year (if you happen to be the Grim Reaper).
This movie is exactly what gives horror films a bad name and why studios don't screen them for critics. I don't even care if you're a fan of this series, DON'T SEE THIS MOVIE!!! WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME!
Horror franchise's leap to 3D is gorier than ever.
The novelty factor stops and starts at the 3-D specs: this is a horror movie on tracks, not going anyplace new. Still, there's some inventive grue-splashing as always.
The film's 15 certificate is surprisingly generous. But this is harmless, inventive fun, a rollercoaster ride on the 3D bandwagon, before the wheels fall off.
Some scares, some humour and some fun to be had from the 3D. A multiplex movie that does what it says on the tin.
That this fourth instalment brings no fresh ideas to the mix is not a problem; the added dimension is more than enough to reinvigorate interest in this enduringly and deservedly popular series.
Witty, ingenious, horrible entertainment.
This series used to be a guilty pleasure, but I think Death may have delighted us long enough.
Although it lacks ambition and is comically daft, as pure popcorn cinema goes this splatter-fest is delivers exactly what it should: tension, mayhem and an unhealthy body count.
The introduction of 3-D freshens this up somewhat, but the film suffers from the same problems as its predecessors - fate dictates the outcome, and knowing who's going to die cuts out much of the tension.
You know exactly what to expect: a blood-and-guts joyride with Death In Excess. And the wonderfully in-yer-face 3D will knock your block off.
It's exactly like Final Destination 1, 2 and 3, but in 3D. Unfortunately, three-dimensional images do little more than show up the one-dimensional characters.
The one-dimensional acting and dialogue has been taken to even more laughable levels. But that matters little as the invisible grim reaper is the star of the film.
You never saw so much ducking and weaving, or heard such gasps of happy horror, outside a funfair.
The film-makers' inventiveness with each death is at once camp and heartless; every scene is so heavily loaded with the potential for violent calamity that after a while one's cynical laugh turns to a weary "whatever..."
Business as usual courtesy of ever-more outlandish ways for people to die.
They lazily let the effects do most of the hard work in this 'ain't broke' scenario.
It amounts to a kind of formulaic silliness, where horrific things only really happen to unreal people.
Entertaining fourquel, heightened by smart direction and the best 3D effects since My Bloody Valentine.
With a plot that's virtually identical to parts 1, 2 and 3, this fourth movie has one new gimmick that makes it worth a look: it's in 3D. And the filmmakers have a lot of fun with it, gleefully revving up the grisly carnage.
The Final Destination is a mean little film with little brains on its side.
This series has clearly run out of ideas. The deaths are tired.
"The Final Destination" takes a franchise that was never very good to begin with and somehow fails to come within reaching distance of the abysmally lowered artistic bar set by its predecessors.
Parental Content Review
The title... suggests some kind of reboot, or a new twist on the old idea. Sadly, it's not. It's pretty much just Final Destination 4 with nothing more to say on the subject.
The latest entry skimps on the series' strongest point, setting up the most obvious calamities.
The fourth installment in the series is certainly one instance of technology elevating (slightly) what could otherwise have passed for straight-to-DVD fare.
a series of missed opportunities and imitative filmmaking. If you want to see it, it's barely worth springing the extra cash for the 3D ticket
Death's design finally catches up with itself and brutally kills a once-clever but now sadly predictable horror premise.
It's a shame that the filmmakers didn't use a little bit of creativity and inventiveness to come up with characters that we might actually want to see live, even if we would still be entertained when they didn't.
The biggest sin of The Final Destination is its general lack of imagination.
It's not frightening in the least, with only a few amusing moments, a pedal-and-forehead-to-the-metal race track crash opener, and then you just keep time by counting off who survives the initial slaughter, who awaits death when "their turn" comes.
Warner Bros. is demanding a surcharge of viewers for the privilege of seeing the movie in 3D. Actually the company should be paying them for sitting through it at all.
Wafer-thin, The Final Destination is definitely the weakest entry to date - but worth a 3d peep anyway if you enjoy rides like these.
It's death porn, pure and simple...
Little did I know that the 3D would merely be another way to disguise the tremendous lack of effort that went into things like writing, acting, or directing.
The destination of the title is never in any doubt, but the getting-there is giddily devious and playful. For the fourth outing in a thought-tired series, The Final Destination has some surprising sparks of life to it yet.
The problems of this fourth (hopefully last) episode are not the overly familiar premise or stock characters but that use of 3-D adds little fun and the yarn doesn't take full advantage of the dangers inherent in its unique locale, car racing disaster.
The newest incarnation of Final Destination is really just 80 minutes of watching people die in variously ridiculous and implausible ways. It seems as if the filmmakers had more interest in constructing Rube Goldbergesque death traps than character
Aside from the addition of 3-D, the newest Final Destination flick has little to offer audiences other than more gleefully depraved scenes of carnage.
FD4 fully embraces its gimmicky format, sending all those great bodily fluids spilling towards your face.
This isn't a franchise, it's an arcade game.
A car has a flat and the whole world blows up, for no particular reason, until everyone's dead.
Percentage-wise, it's about 75% blood and 25% boring exposition and lax characterization
Whatever hints of originality lay in the series' previous editions have been all but sucked out of this one.



@highlight

With little of the ingenuity of previous installments, The Final Destination is predictable, disposable horror fare.