Thompson is dead but his skepticism survives. In the land of endless corruption, the muckraker is king, if only in the moral sense.
This movie has confirmed my suspicion that people need to leave Hunter S. Thompson's story alone for a while.
Alex Gibney's documentary (aligns) the Gonzo's descent into madness with the decline of American values.
Gonzo's brilliance is in showing Thompson warts and all, without taking anything away from his greatness even as it shows his many deficiencies.
Alex Gibney's documentary about bad boy journalist Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is both a memorial exaltation and a lament. Gibney's masterful style balances verite and dramatic effect. He doesn't doesn't tell you what to think, but spurs you to think.
A colorful documentary about the famed journalist and author, Hunter S. Thompson, spiced up with movie clips of "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" and other works based on Thompson's writings.
A definitive, accessible, even inspiring screen biography put together with thought and vitality.
The film's plea that we need Thompson now more than ever is a little misty-eyed: Thompson's day was long gone by the time he put a gun to his head.
Much like the man himself, it's quite a piece of work.
Gonzo is much more than a tribute to a maverick and genuine pioneer. It's a lament for the gaping hole that Thompson left behind. The only obvious weakness is Gibney's reluctance to engage fully with Thompson's toxic personal life.
This documentary about his life by Alex Gibney, though entertaining in many ways, is oddly uninterested in his strengths or otherwise as a writer, the very gift for which Thompson earnestly wished to be known.
Director Alex Gibney has plundered 200 hours of audiotapes, hundreds of photos and personal testimony from an impressive roster of Thompson's colleagues and family to put together an even-handed portrait.
A straight-line journey through the good doctor's loopy myth and madness, but one that doesn't push far enough into uncharted territory. Fine as a primer, but Gibney leans more towards admiration than examination.
The film is content to laugh affectionately at Thompson's bad boy exploits, giggle at the impatience of a man who went hunting boar with a sub machine-gun.
Crackingly entertaining documentary.
Thompson must be looking down, or up, from his afterworld thinking: "The worst success is a failure to keep alive the spirit of offendedness and outrage."
This soft-headed hagiography is a disappointment, and at least half an hour too long.
This portrait rightly invites admiration for the man's influential talent, while provoking thoughts about the responsibilities of journalism. It's overlong but colourful anecdotes and a zippy 1960s/1970s soundtrack make it entertaining stuff.
Gibney says the film took so much out of him that he limped into the Sundance Festival with a ruptured disc, a green liver and spots in his eyes that will not disappear. I hope he now thinks it worth the trouble. I'm pretty sure watchers will.
Superbly directed, hugely entertaining documentary that's a treat for both newcomers and aficionados of Thompson's work.
With a wealth of archive material, documentary filmmaker Gibney assembles a remarkably astute and comprehensive look at the life of one of the most notorious journalists in American history.
a seminal work of talking head biography
Gonzo is an excellent reminder that Thompson was more than just a wild man. He was, at least for a time, a first-rate writer who covered his times and helped shape them.
The worshipfulness obscures the sadder aspects of Thompson's life, which is perhaps why Gibney focuses on the writer's 1965-75 golden years.
But Gibney wisely tells much of the story in Thompson's own words, narrated by actor Johnny Depp, who played the writer in the movie version of "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas."
It's a fascinating portrait.
[Gibney] is never quite able to get beyond the familiar in order to give viewers a new and penetrating look at the subject of Thompson and his work.
Too much time in this overly long film is spent on minutiae.
The rare documentary that puts you in a headlock to pin you to your seat, Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is a bracing masterpiece.
Gibney thus has to negotiate a treacherous path. Its easy to romanticize a larger-than-life personality like Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, gonzo journalist, and it makes for compelling viewing. However, Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, gonzo journalist, was not exactly
The movie is full of itself and fun but nonessential.
I wanted more unearthed footage. But if you are looking for a tribute to the man, you won't find anything better.
Thompson admirers will enjoy the film the most, of course, but even the uninitiated will surely find him a fascinating character, if not always a likable one.
Filmmaker Alex Gibney had access to those who knew the guy, the famous, the infamous and the obscure, and he paints a picture of a serious journalist who saw himself documenting 'the death of the American Dream.'
As informative as parts of it are, the movie is not nearly as colorful as longtime Aspen, Colo., resident Thompson.
Though Thompson's long slide into irrelevance in the 80s and 90s is duly noted, most of the movie covers his glory days during the Vietnam era, when he was arguably the most exciting and important literary talent in America.
In the manner of such key Thompson works as 'Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72,' the movie links entertaining personal biography with fascinating cultural history...
As a diverting documentary, Gonzo lives up to its subject matter - it is indulgent and witty, filled with a thousand little insights and ultimately sad. Thompson seemed obscure to his family, cartoonishly overblown to his friends.
Far more insightful than typical rose-colored-glasses eulogizing, the subjects are as brutally honest about Thompson's successes and shortcomings as Thompson was as a writer.
It's altogether as fascinating as a train wreck, and Gibney makes a convincing argument that Thompson was a true American original and an important literary figure shaped by the idealism, romanticism, politics and drug culture of the '60s.
It's good stuff, and serves as a valuable piece of recent history to be documented.
Gonzo director Gibney frees himself from the heady topicality of his recent documentaries...and dives right down into the deep -- and dark -- end.
[Director] Gibney assembles a wealth of Thompson memorabilia and first-person interviews for this often insightful and sometimes overly indulgent chronicle.
Reading his books will give you better insight, but it's hard to imagine a better primer into Thompson's outlaw life.
I was curious to see why we needed a two-hour documentary about the three-hit wonder who cast away his career halfway through life and coasted on celebrity status for 30 years. After seeing Gonzo, I'm still not convinced we do.
An amused and affectionate look at the writer who formed a crucial link between the New Journalism of the 1960s and today's blogosphere.
At its worst, the film takes a long detour into Thompson's admiration for an utterly banal 1974 Carter speech (The Powerful were sticking it to The People again) as a way to make us feel virtuous, political and leftish.
Thompson created a rebellious niche for himself in a business that more often than you might think channels its writers into conformist routine.
It's nice to be reminded, as Shakespeare taught us, that truth comes from the most unexpected places, even the booze-ree
If you really want to understand and appreciate [Thompson], you'd be better off reading his books.
Neatly balancing full-hearted celebration with evenhanded examination.
Gonzo shows the man, warts and all.
It's more Thompson-for-beginners than an exhaustive inquiry, but as introductions go, it's thorough and thoughtful.
My favorite thing about Alex Gibney's entertaining documentary, Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thomspon, is that it makes me want to read what Thompson wrote.
Doctor's orders: "Buy the ticket, take the ride" with Gonzo.
Gonzo is a painstaking account of a man who was more and, ultimately, less than the infamous Raoul Duke.
May not be the definitive doc for which Thompson's fans may be hoping, but it is a worthy contribution to the ongoing popular legend of a distinctive American personality.
Alex Gibney's documentary can't decide if it's a eulogy for fans or a primer for acquaintances.
Gonzo is a fascinating history lesson and a bit of a cautionary tale about how fame can turn into the scourge of talent.
It is all you could wish for in a doc about the man. But it leaves you wondering, how was it that so many people liked this man who does not seem to have liked himself? And what about the hangovers?
Gibney also wants to honor what it was that made Thompson a celebrity in the first place: his brilliant, blotto writing, and his ability to smell out the liars and the hypocrites and expose them for the feral beasts that they were.
The documentary doubles as a jukebox of banality.
It's a fond warts-and-all portrait of a writer who stands alongside Jack Kerouac and Walt Whitman as an American original.
Accessible, entertaining and hugely kinetic, packed with memorable songs from Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix and many more icons of Thompson's era.
Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is a mesmerizing look at the mythic quality and anarchic spirit of the irreverent and rabble-rousing journalist.
Watching Gonzo, it's hard to like Thompson much, but even harder not to be dazzled by his talent.
Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, is documentarian Alex Gibney's effort to present that fellow in all his quirks, contradictions and, yes, foibles. If you know nothing about the writer, this can be an absorbing work.
The film is a full-throttle blast on multiply dizzying levels. Gibney lets Hunter's spirit guide him, almost hypnotically, through the multifarious unhinged rhythms of the man's life and work.
Gonzo, the documentary by Alex Gibney, taps the full fascination of its subject: Dr. Hunter S. Thompson.
'Gonzo' banks on an adolescent delight in seeing the debunking of the powers that be, but, like Thompson's run for office, that's of no help in the final tally.
While Gonzo makes a familiar case, that Thompson frequently lost himself in celebrity, it also argues for his legacy, not cynicism but optimism.
... runs two hours, but, thanks to Gibney and his contributors, it never feels overlong.
A dense but enthralling biography that manages to keep its focus on the Rolling Stone journalist while exploring Gibney's political obsession at the same time.
In its fairly straightforward but energetic way it captures a good deal of what made Thompson a unique figure...revealing, honest and--most of all--genuinely engaging.
Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is a valuable reclamation of the political from the personal.
Just enough relevancy to lift the cable-ready doc above the Biography norm, even though the filmmaking could've used a little more of Thompson's renegade spirit.
Multiple phantasmagorical scenes from Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas often reduce Gonzo to an over-spiced pudding of pastiche and talking heads. Matters are hardly helped with some cloying musical interludes.
Gonzo is a must-see for everyone.
While the evidence of his spotty post-1970s work is hard to refute, Gonzo proves what a vapid, overvalued commodity edginess is, championing Thompson's best work for brass-tacks insight more than brass-balled outrage.
Another fine addition to Gibney's filmography that successfully achieves its purposes, despite the extended tangent into the '72 election that almost derails it.
For all of its illumination of one of the most enigmatic figures in American literature, "Gonzo" mistakenly paints Hunter S. Thompson as a writer whose star burned out decades before his long foreshadowed suicide in 2005.
The documentary, narrated by Johnny Depp, keeps the action moving along, even when there are only audio recording or still photos available to illustrate points - it's visually arresting as well as attention-grabbing.
The good doctor is family around these parts, so cheers to Alex Gibney for not screwing up this mesmerizing documentary about the people, places and substances that altered the mind and battered heart of the Kentucky-born inventor of gonzo journalism.
...A film that preserves Thompson's words verbatim but only occasionally taps into the restless spirit that fueled them.
A tender, even-tempered elegy to a writer who at his peak could ingest staggering (literally) amounts of drugs and alcohol and transform, like Popeye after a can of spinach, into a superhuman version of himself.
Docu walks a fine line between critical evaluation and mythic canonization of Thompson, but it sheds significant light on the emergence of new journalistic style and on the power of reporters to set the political agenda and cause social change.
Over the course of its 118 minutes, the film delves into enough uncomfortable, tantalizing mix-and-match material that even Dr. Gonzo might have approved.
Its heady mix of excess and inquiry doesn't really take off until the reptiles overrunning the Casino Strip go from projections of a substance-lubricated brain to manifestations of journalistic fury.
It is at once a celebration of a genre-busting writer/rabble-rouser, and an elegy for a time period when a freak like Thompson could get access to political leaders and actually affect some kind of radical change.
Hunter S. Thompson gets definitive docu treatment in Gonzo.
Gonzo is as energetically flawed and rivetingly reckless as its subject, and somehow that seems exactly right.
A biographical documentary doesn't get any better than this.
Never really lives up to its title.




@highlight

While not the comprehensive profile of the man that his die-hard fans might have hoped for, Gonzo remains an insightful introduction to the life of rebellious writer Hunter S. Thompson and his influences.