Director Malik Bendjelloul attempts clear the air and really analyze the thoughts and emotions that formed Sixto Rodriguez's past work.
An emotional fairy tale that doesn't fall into the melodramatic. [Full review in Spanish]
A first-rate doc about the unsung Latino Bob Dylan who brought the spirit of American civil rights and Vietnam War anti-establishment protests to South Africa's fight against apartheid.
So lightweight and underdeveloped, you leave the theatre feeling like they still haven't found him yet.
Intriguing docu about missing musician; some language, pot.
As a documentary, "Searching for Sugar Man" falls short, but as an enormously satisfying feel-good story it hits the mark.
You can still enjoy the film. I did, but it's nothing more than a fairy tale.
[Rodriguez] is a highly unusual and fascinating human being, and Searching for Sugar Man is a very interesting look at his life, his music, and the strange, fickle nature of fame.
There's no arguing this is a remarkable story, and director Malik Bendjelloul tells it beautifully, creating a powerful sense of mystery and discovery even when we're tipped off to how the story ends.
At 85 minutes, it's a tight, sharp achievement, yet one of the things I love about it is simple: It moves to a relaxed rhythm, in sync with its slightly otherworldly subject.
A nimble and engaging documentary, less about a man than about a myth -- and about the experience of loving an under-loved artist.
'Searching For Sugar Man' simply shouts out for celebration!
"Searching for Sugar Man" is a valentine to every artist who feels like he toils away in obscurity, unsure of or unaware of the impact he might make on the world.
This story has an uplifting arc that suggests this isn't the last we'll hear of this forgotten hero of pop.
Fortunately filmmaker Bendjelloul decided that Rodriguez's story needed to be told - one of the most fascinating biographies ever put on film.
Part music documentary, part mystery, all inspirational homage to unrecognized genius everywhere.
For the most part an endearing documentary about mystery Bob Dylan-like singer Sixto Rodriguez.
An amazing story. If music is the glue of the world then Rodriguez is the super glue.
Does a nice job of presenting the mystery and history of Rodriguez... but seems incomplete, and biased in favor of its predetermined narrative.
Rodriguez, once he emerges from the mists, appears to be a sweet, decent - and remarkably intact - soul. One wonders if he had achieved his rock 'n' roll dreams, would his daughters have turned out so well?
There's a fascinating story in the rise and fall of singer-songwriter Sixto Rodriguez, "the Latin Bob Dylan," and it's too bad that the documentary "Searching for Sugar Man" doesn't tell enough of it.
A soulful, lip-tremblingly joyous movie that's one of the more affecting experiences I've had in a cinema this year.
Engrossing even when it's a little unfocused.
One of the most bizarre pop music documentaries ever...a singularly fascinating true-life tale that many of its participants still find difficult to believe.
...it isn't merely the content that makes Searching for Sugar Man so affecting: it's the way that Swedish filmmaker Malik Bendjelloul sets up the story and peels away the mystery of Rodriguez, one layer at time.
A mystery as compelling as any fictional detective story.
The first half of this film is mysterious whereas the second half is wonderfully inspiring. It's proof that truth really is stranger than fiction.
This is a fine documentary; insightful and entertaining with a genteel approach to uncovering a figure so close to the hearts of an unexpected fan base.
A celebration of an artist and the power of art to transcend time and place
Much credit to director Malik Bendjelloul for surprising this cynical and desensitised film watcher.
For those familiar with the story of Rodriguez, this engaging documentary on his substantial success in South Africa will prove both illuminating and bemusing.
I was instantly hooked by this unique documentary...If you are a traveller on the road of life, don't miss this unforgettable treasure of a film
This is not only the best documentary I've seen this year, it's one that shows other documentaries how to do it.
Searching for Sugar Man reminds us that a wise man knows lasting riches are never the result of record sales.
Searching for Sugar Man" is a saga about the power of music, living life on one's own terms and the joy of second chances.
The search for a long-lost pop icon has an unexpected payoff.
[A] moving, lyrical account ...
Two fans, Stephen Segerman and Craig Bertholomew, made it their business to find out exactly what happened to the singer Rodriguez. And, "Searching for Sugar Man" is the fruits of their labor. The fruit is tasting pretty sweet.
It starts as a bittersweet parable about the cruelty of commerce, but the wonder of "Searching for Sugar Man" will not soon slip away.
Director Malik Bendjelloul's engaging, cleverly structured documentary about the legendary folk singer Rodriguez is shaped like a mystery.
You watch "Searching for Sugar Man" at first fascinated by the mystery - what happened to Rodriguez? Where did he go? Then you become infuriated by its revelations of financial injustice.
If you like music, a good mystery or, better yet, a combination of both, you won't be disappointed.
An unexpectedly fresh nonfiction tale that rustles up deep feelings of a life stolen -- part docu-mystery, part uplifting valentine about the universality and resonating power of music.
Generates immediate interest in a forgotten artist, permitting the delicate yet barbed tunes to guide the experience, returning a sense of excitement to a man who unfortunately missed out on the highlights of his career.
It isn't that Searching for Sugar Man's plot developments are gotcha!-like, but this documentary does boast some bowl-you-over reveals best experienced blind.
Ultimately, for Rodriguez, musical redemption transcends the greed and soul-sapping breaks he encountered.
An electrifying illustration of music's power to inspire and change lives on both sides of the footlights.
Rodriguez's life story is only part of what makes "Searching for Sugar Man" such a revelation.
The man and his music are worth checking out, even if the movie is not.
Ultimately an ode to Rodriguez's artistic modesty and the power of his music-a rousing crowd-pleaser that asks you to save questions for another film.
Submitted for your approval: one Sixto Rodriguez, a Mexican-American singer/songwriter whom Rod Serling would surely embrace, in or out of the Twilight Zone.
A rousing and all-encompassing look at a man who becomes even more of a mystery after we've gotten to know him.
Beautiful and revelatory, Searching for Sugar Man also incorporates huge chunks of Rodriguez's music.
A rock documentary that goes way behind the music to tell a story that seems pure urban legend.
Here's the rare music documentary in which the narrative is more interesting than the songs.
An inspirational, spiritual experience which illustrates how the purity of soul required to produce the finest works is not dependent on material gain.
Bendjelloul mixes modern footage of Detroit with archival and animated images, and the shots of Rodriguez marching through his home turf help viewers understand what makes him tick.
Fascinating music doc makes you believe the unbelievable.
Through a mix of standard talking-head interviews, animated sequences, and archival footage, Bendjelloul unlocks a mystery, painting a compelling portrait of a hidden rock icon.
I hope you're able to see this film. You deserve to. And yes, it exists because we need for it to.
This is a real-life fairy tale with a remarkably happy ending.
A pleasing fix, Searching for Sugar Man is a lost-and-found film about pursuits - one of them abandoned, and one not.
The movie is neatly structured, and Rodriguez turns out to be an interesting guy. He's worth getting to know, even if his music isn't.
Music executive Clarence Avant says Rodriguez sold about six copies of each of his two albums. Multiply that by the number of people who see this movie.
Through interviews and animations, this entertaining musical mystery tour. . .traces. . .an engaging story so full of colorful characters . . .that I was leery of a hoax.
It may fiddle with the facts, but this documentary on the hunt for a long-lost 70s music legend offers a brilliant insight into the nature of fame.
Search out this fine, fascinating, warmhearted documentary.
If it were a fiction, you wouldn't believe it at all.
Sugar Man is most interesting when it touches on the conditions that combined to draw a cult hero out of some decent music and a generously enabled, imagination-firing mystique.
Hopefully, it will have the benefit of giving a second chance to the music of Rodriguez, which would be fitting given his story.
A fantastic music doc with a surprising twist; which, when done as well as it is here, works just as effectively whether you know what's coming or not.
Imagine the story of Nick Drake with a happy ending and you will have some idea what to expect from this terrific, staggeringly unlikely documentary.
Archive footage is seamlessly interwoven with interviews, building to a glorious final flourish that makes your heart sing.
A fascinating look at a "lost" musician from the late '60s as well as a meditation on the confluence of fame, art and riches.
Singer-songwriter Rodriguez was supposed to have been the next Bob Dylan. What happened? Swedish documentary maker Malik Bendjelloul's stirring, surprising and deeply touching film has the answer.
A terrific documentary about a decades-long search, by two South African Rodriguez fans, for the story behind their enigmatic pop idol.
The rustic folk-rock sound and politically provocative lyrics provide the seductive soundtrack for the film. They often serve as a stand-in for the artist as well. It is how we get to know him.
Certain details about Rodriguez, especially his personal life, remain in shadow, calling into question whether they would have interfered with the inspirational narrative.
This film tells a tale far too incredible to be true - yet it is, indeed, a documentary.
My real hope is that, yes, the movie does well, but that rereleases by Light in the Attic Records of the music will establish Rodriguez as an artist in the U.S.
The way in which this fascinating story unfolds, as directed by Swedish filmmaker Malik Bendjelloul, renders it thoroughly captivating, often exhilarating.
A hugely appealing documentary about fans, faith and an enigmatic Age of Aquarius musician who burned bright and hopeful before disappearing.
Searching for Sugar Man is a fresh and unexpected documentary that plays like a nail-biting mystery and a ticket to ride the whirlwind where art and commerce do battle.
Listen, be moved, and pass it on.
Well, director Malik Bendjelloul's title is a bit misleading, but he knew a great story when he heard one.
The movie's most potent emotional payoff is less Rodriguez's delayed success story - the fulfillment of many a frustrated rocker's fantasies - than the mysteries it leaves unsolved.
An inspiring and uplifting documentary about a man who gives all he's got and experiences a miracle in return.
The lilting, honeyed soundtrack, made up of Rodriguez's own songs, makes his relative obscurity here seem all the more puzzling.
It's the triumph of this documentary that we feel, after learning so much about a game-changed yet weirdly unchangeable street messiah, who we're told still lives in his demi-hovel, that there is more to learn yet.
I can't remember the last time a film rocked my world and blew my mind like... [t]his is a wholly extraordinary movie [does]...
Poignant, touching and inspiring, even if it doesn't tell you quite as much as you'd like to know about Sixto Rodriquez, to give him his full name.
The truth about him - hard to get at in that pre-internet age, and still not entirely illuminated in this film - turned out to be stranger than fiction.
An absorbing and uplifting doc that rivals Catfish for sheer stranger-than-fiction thrills. Great soundtrack, too.
We're fed plenty of sugar in this authorized fairy tale, but are left hungry for beef.
Hugely entertaining and powerfully emotional, this is a terrific, well made documentary that tells a gripping story and unearths an astonishing musical find; it's also one of the best films of the year.
This innovative documentary tells a stranger-than-fiction tale about a remarkable Phil Ochs-like singer/songwriter from the Motor City who metaphorically rises from the dead, to the delight of his South African fans and now us.
Fluid, open-ended documentaries that demand more of an audience than foregone assent or fleeting bouts of passive outrage are rare these days, which is what makes Malik Bendjelloul's Searching for Sugar Man such a gift.
A diverting but frustrating quasiprofile, one that doesn't have the answers to its own questions.
All you really have to know about this surprising and emotive music doc is that you should see it.
A gloriously inspirational comeback tale that leaves you feeling anything is possible.
A remarkable tribute to uncompromising talent and fiercely devoted fandom.
Music fans will love this indie documentary. Try to avoid Googling him before you watch, though.
Unlike most nonfiction films, which tend to focus on uncovering misdeed and outrage, this one leaves you joyous and moved..You'll come away with a lump in your throat.
A story as heart-warming as it is genuine, as the humble Rodriguez gets his long overdue recognition on a triumphant return to South Africa.
The tale is better than the telling - and the soundtrack's better still - but music this monumental demands its moment. Now go and buy the album.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Spoiler alert: "Searching for Sugar Man" is a truly inspiring and thoroughly entertaining documentary.
Despite crafting a consistently engaging film, the director doesn't present the full scope of Sixto Rodriguez's life.
He just plays his songs and counts his blessings, and it is a pleasure to spend the 90 minutes of this warm, kind film with him.
A documentary about fandom and freedom, information and misinformation, fleeting fame and everlasting art, it tackles all of these qualities with remarkable ease and - of course - a great soundtrack.
The narrative, as it is so dependent on vague and redundant talking heads, is disappointingly shallow and trivial ... thanks to the producers the storytelling is engaging.
Could easily be a breakout documentary-one that might also invigorate the impressive back catalogue of a deserving and relatively unknown musical artist.
Though manipulative in its storytelling and structure, Searching For Sugar Man ultimately earns its happy ending by alchemizing pain into transcendent beauty.
I'll praise the quality of director Malik Bendjelloul's storytelling, which is gripping from the opening shot almost to the last.
Searching for Sugar Man is a winning musical detective story about a failed, forgotten early '70s rocker who became a huge success halfway across the world.
In a deft interplay of dogged investigation and randomness, Bendjelloul shows how facts surface to dispel a persistent myth that Rodriguez shot himself on stage.
A born crowd-pleaser whose central mystery begets a great triumph of grace and modesty.
While all the interview subjects are enthusiastic, the overall lack of familiarity with Rodriquez's personal background and career collapse begin to drag.






@highlight

A fascinating portrait of a forgotten musical pioneer, Searching for Sugar Man is by turns informative and mysterious.