Almost certainly the best movie in SIFF 2008, Abdellatif Kechiche's follow-up to Games of Love & Chance burrows into a tight-knit Tunisian immigrant community in a small port town in the south of France.
The best of the film is expressed between the beats of the plot and the meandering conversations around dinner tables or over drinks on the sidewalk tables of a hotel bar. It's as joyous and genuine a portrait of a community as you'll see in the movies.
Kechiche may subscribe to Renoir's "Everyone has his reasons," but here he shoots the action with a nervous tension that's more evocative of Pialat.
A beautifully painted portrait of everyday Arab immigrant life in France among a large dysfunctional family.
... a magnificent journey through culture and family and community.
Many great suspense sequences have been built around props: a bomb under the table, explosives in the back of the truck, a nuclear launch code. And now couscous.
When the film, as it must, comes to an end after two and a half hours, you won't be ready; the bond made to this family makes its sudden absence feel downright brutal. [Blu-ray]
Secret of the Grain may be the most ambitious, complex, and suspenseful film about a feast ever to be served at the movies.
Never sagging, it unfolds over 2 1/2 hours. Nothing is overexplained. Indeed, it takes us time to suss out Slimane's various familial relationships.
Time stretches out to the limits of endurance, Slimane's and ours, and there are moments toward the conclusion of this picture when you will want to scream and throw things at the screen, but it's mesmerizing. When it does end, suddenly, it feels a little
A ponderous tragedy about put-upon manhood? A verite snoop into cultures that are sexually mingled but publicly uneasy? A pill to be swallowed in the name of serious filmgoing? Maybe all of these.
A dark and hilarious parable of human absurdity.
Despite some strong performances from the mostly amateur cast, as well as some intriguing insights into family dysfunctions and racial prejudice, the movie still comes across as being self-indulgent and at least a little disappointing.
Everyone figures in a masterfully paced final act that's hypnotic, genuinely suspenseful and emotionally complex.
Writer-director Abdel Kechiche has wrought a definitive statement on how it feels to live in a subculture.
The Secret of the Grain takes one man, his children, their spouses and babies, his ex-wife, his girlfriend, her daughter, and his friends and turns it all into a masterpiece about the strange power of food -- to heal, unite, exasperate.
A long but always engaging movie, intimately framed and exuberantly acted by a mixed cast of amateurs and professionals.
Rather than observing this family, we feel we are part of it, and that draws us in as nothing else can.
The French-Tunisian director Abdellatif Kechiche is that rare thing at the movies these days: an intelligent humanist.
The wonderful thing about Hafsia Herzi in The Secret of the Grain...is the way she and the character tiptoe around the story's edges for a while, taking their time and easing onto the audience's radar.
The Secret of the Grain never slows, always engages, may continue too long, but ends too soon. It is made of life itself.
Before you scoff at yet another benevolent look at a family straddling two cultures, Kechiche subtly subverts the genre.
I wish The Secret of the Grain had another title, something that conveys the vibrancy teeming in this great drama of daily life -- something less grainy.
[Director] Kechiche digs a good story out of the flux, and, in the movie's final forty minutes, the suspense is terrific.
The Secret Of The Grain is more complicated than it sounds, less geared toward uplift than in revealing the fault-lines within this sprawling, multi-generational family and between their immigrant culture and their French hosts.
The Secret of the Grain is one of the most remarkable films of 2008, in part because it masterfully extends certain sequences not only to let them play out before our eyes but also to invite reflection even as the film is still running.
A robust drama about and old man with a dream who is helped by a smart teenager and his large Franco-Arab family.
The cast is solid, with standout performances by first-timer Habib Boufares as Slimane.
The richness of The Secret of the Grain lies in the close, tireless, enthusiastic attention it pays to the most mundane daily tasks.
French-Tunisian writer-director-actor Abdellatif Kechiche's The Secret of the Grain is a sprawling yet intimate tale set among the Arab working class of the Mediterranean port Sète.
The best scenes in Tunisian-French writer-director Abdellatif Kechiche's The Secret of the Grain resemble the unique protean bouillabaisses found in port cities.
Some unusually strong ensemble performances deliver a microcosm of Tunisians living outside their native land in France.
A year of uncommonly strong French releases hits its peak with Abdellatif Kechiche's richly entertaining and complex humanistic saga about an extended French-Arab family in the south of France.
The Secret of the Grain is crowd-pleasing in the sense that the story and characters are easy to identify with...belongs somewhere between the arthouse and the multiplex.
[A] captivating film.
After two and a half hours, The Secret of the Grain, ends, as arbitrarily as it began.
The film manages to be both an homage to women and a heartbreaking cultural commentary, and it's intense.
Give some patience to The Secret of the Grain and the rewards are there for the reaping.
This is both fascinating domestic melodrama and damning indictment of the intolerance that can exist across all sections of society.
Wonderfully directed, beautifully acted and thoroughly engaging drama that's so naturalistic that you often feel you're watching a documentary.
...a boisterous, sprawling affair with time outs for small intimacies and a last act that defies expectations.
Kechiche projects onto the viewer an immigrant population's impatient longing for liberty, equality and success, concocting a dish that is no more bitter or half-baked than cultural exile itself.
Aside from a slight flabbiness ... Kechiche is to be praised for exploring the nature of change on a personal and a community level -- and packing the result with some emotional wallop.
Thriambos toy sfihtoy senarioy me stoho kai apopsi kai tis aplis kinimatografisis me emfasi stin oysia tis, to La Graine et le Mulet einai eykola ap' tis kalyteres tainies tis hronias. To mono hreiazetai, einai to tharros na mpeis stin aithoysa, ki as' to
Warmly magical... Building to a tender Big Night-like feast where the gang's all here, suspense is as thick and exciting as communal joy, and a single sexy surprise proves one of the greatest moments in film this year...
Through his superlative cast of performers, Kechiche's family portrait is a doting record of the innate resiliency of this beloved community.
Patience is required to become involved in the lives of this extended family, but there are rewards, including the vibrant performance of 20 year old newcomer Hafsia Herzi as Rym
The film works on a slow burn but by the end it has become utterly engrossing.
An overlong, dramatically unbalanced pic whose emotional wallop gets somewhat diffused.
Though not all of the film's 151 minutes feel indispensable, the story and mise-en-scene of this immigrant family's daily struggles are so involving that it is still well worth seeing on the big screen.



@highlight

A complex portrait of an immigrant family, The Secret of the Grain is a sprawling, intimate film with many fine performances.