Unique, mild glimpse into nomadic Mongolian kids' lives.
a mournful elegy for the passing of an entire culture.
How wonderful it is to encounter a film like this, with its sweet simplicities and its quiet observations.
The movie is very beautiful and also very slow, mostly due to the relatively primitive setting.
Damn me for an unreliable cynic, but The Cave of the Yellow Dog is a remarkable movie: touching, honest, and unassuming, without a hint of irony or false motive.
Add in a wisecracking sidekick with a Brooklyn accent, and the Mongolian drama "Cave of the Yellow Dog" could be remade as a Disney cartoon.
Here, it's 'progress' the family rebels against. There's a sense their existence, which is unencumbered by PlayStations or balsamic vinegar, is endangered. That idea, like everything else in this low-key charmer, is expressed in simple terms.
The Cave of the Yellow Dog is a gentle film, leisurely of pace and nicely shot. To me, it seems more like a National Geographic special than the sort of thing I look for in cinema.
At the same time, [director Byambasuren] Davaa also concentrates blissfully on those fleeting moments of life that most movies excise in favor of forwarding the plot. This gentle, observant storytelling is perfectly appropriate for kids.
It must also be noted that each of the Batchuluun children are extraordinary and that Nansal Batchuluun (both her real and her character's name) is among the most captivating creatures captured on film -- ever.
A truly touching tale which patiently paints a simple tableau while ever so subtly highlighting an endangered lifestyle deserving of protection from the onslaught of Western civilization.
It exudes a sweetness and easygoing charm that make it hard to resist despite its lackadaisical quality.
This is no heart-tugging family drama; rather it's a contemplative, compassionate portrait of a hardy people. Offered as a borderline documentary, it proceeds in long, uncluttered takes.
Thanks to some ace photography, the beautiful Mongolian wilderness also has a strong presence.
A simple film, yes, but a wonderful one, nonetheless. But then, I am a sucker for any film with little girls and dogs.
Mongolia is no longer habituated by Genghis Khan and his Mongol horde. Instead we are treated to three of the cutest kids you'll ever see on screen.
A quiet gem, suitable for all ages.
Yellow Dog is engaging, if familiar, viewing.
This unassuming drama of a nomad family brims with small marvels.
... a movie without commercial pizzazz but with plenty of art-film treasures.
... despite the exotic locale and the photogenic moppets, that's not enough for a satisfying movie.
A beautiful, deceptively ingenuous tale.
What makes The Cave of the Yellow Dog such a joy is the way director Byambasuren Davaa lets her film effortlessly unfold.
One of those little arthouse treasures where the story unfolds at a pace that would madden Hollywood producers and action-thriller junkies, but it captured my attention and held it.
[Byambasuren Davaa is] a sure talent, slipping into the life he observes unobtrusively.
The Cave of the Yellow Dog is simple, powerful, back-to-basics filmmaking.
If you've never seen a yurt taken down, I highly recommend it. Otherwise, not so much.
Those who can get in track with its serene rhythm will be rewarded.
If you want to see straight into the reincarnated soul of this culture, Davaa proves once again that she has the understanding and insight, if not always the storytelling skills, to take you there.
A timeless movie, and offers a rare chance for the whole family to take a spectacular cinematic trip across continents and cultures.
Unless you're an absolute sucker for puppy dogs and precocious girls, you might find your attention wandering.
An artful, quietly moving hybrid of documentary and narrative cinema.
It's a classic family dilemma made fresh by the setting and the realistic circumstances.
What pulls the viewer in (aside from the charismatic real-life family playing the roles) is the film's compassionate, empathetic perspective.
...a celebration of a culture which may be dying and it is a wistful pleasure to indulge in it.
In The Cave of the Yellow Dog, set in Mongolia, the dog is cute, the children are adorable, and the earth and the sky seem to stretch on without limit.
Think of this as Old Yeller in Outer Mongolia.
The nonprofessional cast is superb, as are the images of the starkly beautiful landscape.
It's the perfect antidote to overprocessed entertainment, for moviegoers of any age.
The much loved Story of the Weeping Camel had more dramatic tension than this cute but thin tale.
A gorgeous, haunting follow-up to The Story Of The Weeping Camel.
The dog is a cheese-stealing reprobate, but its other-worldly qualities prove very important to a film that informs as it entertains.
A stunningly beautiful docudrama about a nomadic family and a thoroughly adorable little dog.
At times the film's Buddhist lessons feel a bit forced, but the naturalistic performances Davaa has coaxed from a real-life Mongolian family, and her intimate understanding of their culture and values, give this sensitive portrayal its heft.
Moving along with an unhurried pace, this attractive film presents a picture of sweetest life near the bone.
The friction between her real-life protagonist clan's traditional customs and the outlying modern world remains the backbone of Davaa's ethnographic cinema.
One of the film's joyful fascinations is the chance to see kids being imaginative kids.
The unobtrusive visual style respects both the human characters and the wider landscape, with Davaa shooting her compositions in medium and long shot.
More successful as a documentary than a drama, this offers a gently absorbing glimpse into nomadic Mongolian life.



@highlight

A sparse, hauntingly beautiful journey across continents and cultures.