Movie about adultery for adults only.
Summons the exposed anatomy of adultery out of its awkward secrecy, casting an intriguing light that gently and intelligently intimates why infidelity can self-destruct one marriage, and repair another.
For anyone who finds films about affairs boring, We Don't Live Here Anymorecould feel like being stuck in a bad marriage - for all the wrong reasons.
(...) Infrecuente en su incisiva exploración de conflictos humanos.
... feels like one of the saddest songs you're ever heard.
A modest film that is surprisingly effective in its directness and fascinating for its complex portrayals of marital distress in action.
Like the movie's title, there doesn't appear to be anybody home in this picture.
[Y]our expectations of climax, resolution, consolation fall away and you're quite simply present in every detail of every moment.
So packed with serious themes that it's almost unbearable.
Keenly observed and laced with humor, Larry Gross' narrative has the kind of emotional power that derives from accumulation of detail and realistic dialogue.
Dubus, anticipating the dreaded Raymond Carver, is only concerned with the interiority of the characters. It's solipsism once removed; and in this film, it's that times four.
Occasionally difficult to watch, but always gripping, and full of hard, painful truths, this is adult film making at its very best.
Great performances and candid dialogue don't make up all the essence of a great film. The actual story itself is where the film falls flat.
They never lived anywhere: the protagonists of this drama of marital stalemate embody a widespread social institution without ever reminding us of Earth as we know it.
Portrays domestic discord with a squirmy accuracy that's a workable substitute for conceptual freshness.
We Don't Live Here Anymore is, you might say, a movie for adults who are, perhaps, a smidge too impressed with being adults.
held together by the remarkably vivid and varied performances of Ruffalo, Dern, Watts and Krause, each of whom gets his or her share of juicy moments and sharp dialogue.
If one line can sum up a story, it's when Edith tells Jack, "Even adultery has a morality to it."...this is a good, tight script telling an involving story
Nothing more than a series of scenes set in darkened rooms in which grownups argue with and lie to each other. It is a Lifetime movie, only with a better cast.
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? gets in bed with Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice....The moody, muted finale doesn't leave the characters, it simply abandons them.
A bracingly mature look at the messiness of matrimony.
Uncompromising in its depiction of two marriages beyond hope.
The film's subtler truths seep through in scenes where one of the adults spends time with their children, who are more aware of what's going on than any of the grown-ups.
I was fully absorbed in the characters and their casually outrageous behavior.
We Don't Live Here Anymore is a thoughtful but dreary examination of narcissism, disconnection, and emotional dishonesty.
This cautionary tale for adults might be a little close to the bone, perhaps, for some audience members, but it's a sincere and finely-wrought ensemble piece.
An intriguing and often gripping character study.
For all the acting pyrotechnics, the people in We Don't Live Here Anymore scarcely exist outside the confines of their marital turmoil.
A terribly slim, pretentious movie that wallows in the monotonous, far-from- fascinating angst of its self-involved characters.
We Don't Live Here Anymore deftly captures the pain and suffocation of people who have fallen out of love and don't know who to blame. It just forgets to allow them -- or the audience -- to feel anything else.
An artfully directed, well-acted bore.
A film for grown-ups in which actions have consequences and consequences aren't resolved with a lecture or a hug or a gun.
If emotional tension is what you're after (and all you're interested in), though, We Don't Live Here Anymore is a provocative address for a one-night stand.
By focusing on details and rituals that are the glue of our lives but which the characters leave unattended, Curran peers into the tragic heart of the mundane.
Watts manages to make her Edith seem genuinely remorseful about her actions but unable to stop, and Ruffalo puts a believable hint of guilt in Jack's face that he carries through the film.
Painstakingly crafted to terrify the audience about love, lust, the inability to tell one for the other and the way each is capable of destroying the other.
A decent ending would've gone a long way to making this good film near perfect.
Dramatically engaging... but it's hard to stop hoping for the characters to finally get some therapy and put an end to this misery parade.
An absorbing relational Rorschach test masquerading as a domestic drama, a sardonic examination of marriage and friendship that invites the audience to think for itself.
These are terrifically talented actors wasted on a film that's short on insight, long on self-pity and essentially anti-erotic.
Earnest, overbearing and fully depressing, We Don't Live Here Anymore features a quartet of fine performances that are somewhat undermined by the numbing, one-note tone of the entire enterprise.
Painful, powerful adaptation of two of Andre Dubus' beautifully frank stories.
Curran shows us characters whose lives have gone stale but doesn't provide sufficient payoff to justify the suffering.
It's an honest, revealing and provocative look at the sort of people we think we know, but in reality, rarely do.
This story is like the shot of the passing train that keeps repeating - it's loud, but it's not going anywhere, and the moment that it's gone, you forget you ever saw it.
Dramatically slack, the story isn't driven by plot so much as by the slow revelation of character.
Ruffalo, Watts and especially Dern are splendid, but Krause lets Clark down with a performance that feels analyzed rather than lived.
Much credit goes to the film's four stars, as well as to Curran, who chose them and skillfully directed them.
An intricate drama that derives tragedy from emotional indifference, immaturity and fatigue, qualities that have spelled doom for more than a few marriages.
We Don't Live Here Anymore manages to get at some difficult truths ... but there's a certain distance to it that prevents it from being a truly heart-wrenching film.
It could have pulled back the rock to reveal the squirmy things living underneath, but instead all we get is the rock.
Scene by scene, the movie is precise, vibrant, and, for all its turmoil, moving.
Based on two John Irving shorts John Curran's movie feels divided with a condensed narrative that doesn't do justice to the four main characters.**
Somewhere between John Updike and "Knott's Landing," this is suburban angst and adultery, with meaningful glances, inexpressible longing, fumbled groping, and hangovers.
A terrific performance by Laura Dern is the sole reason to see this pretentious slog through the miserable lives of unlikable people.
The four principals are spectacular here, led by Dern's career best effort.
A highly charged, poignant study of the imperfections within human nature and the frailty of otherwise powerful love relationships.
If you can deal with the muddy footprints, the mess is worth it.
[The] performances stay with you.
The acting is fervent, and the insights cut deep.
The key problem of this acting exercise is that we can sense what must come, and sadly it does.
Beautifully, optimistically depressing.
A bookish picture without a book's depth.
Inadequate emotionally and psychologically.
Too desultory.
The film astutely finds a vivid personality for each character.
The movie may leave its audience feeling a little battered ... Still, the film's honesty, along with its refusal to pander to Hollywood happy endings, is well worth the beating.
A miserable movie about miserable people having miserable sex.
These are people whose disappointments and emotional struggle have produced a world of resentment and dishonesty that's unpleasant to visit. There's nothing to make us want to stay there and witness the hurts produced by excruciatingly selfish acts.
A crackling, claustrophobic chamber piece.
Usually American marital problems are left to the soap operas; it's nice to see them tackled by experts, piercing personas and peeling open hearts.
A movie as empty as its title. A lot of good acting is going on, but there's nobody home.
We Don't Live Here Anymore frames with precision emotional moments in the lives of people who build their own prisons and, over time, plot escapes.
...feels like a freshly unearthed treasure from a more sophisticated era. All lingering glances and electrically supercharged silences, it's a tiny film of enormous power.
Well acted and designed of a piece [but] too diffident and emotionally murky to elicit a sustained reaction. The movie could have benefited from a more proactive script.
With a hungry, compulsive, tender, angry, and passionate performance, Ruffalo has definitely shed the shiftless stoner typecast.
A sense of unease, of incompleteness, is, I think, the appropriate response to this movie. Instead of trying to fill in the blanks, Curran and Gross leave things open and ambiguous. Just like life.
The actors are seriously exploring how to make it fresh and meaningful, but the writing binds them to the prosaic as it focuses on sex, confusion and adaptive values.
The revelation here is Dern, whose fierce, intensely moving portrayal of a woman struggling to hold on to what she cares about is the movie's most urgent anchor of sympathy.
Annoying and familiar, the adults settle into sameness, as if too tired to imagine beyond it.
An impeccably acted, spiritually draining dissection of adultery in a bucolic college town.
Pretty potent.
Fastidious and controlled to a fault, but rewarding nonetheless.
A movie for grownups about four childish adults.
If you want to see how other couples fight, We Don't Live Here Anymore is as good a place as any to visit. But why, exactly, would you want to?
Director John Curran draws skillfully nuanced performances from the four leads, who have rarely been better.
A curiosity best reserved for emotional masochists.
Striking in the way it evokes tension from ordinary conversations and relationship details.
This talky drama about troubled couples features actors born to deliver realistic, chatty material like this.
Overly artful, overwrought melodrama.
Four blistering lead performances
... an artful but unblinking relationship drama ...
An all-star cast and graceful direction can't quite make this more than another tale of lust and life.
Audiences may or may not feel that the insights skillfully shared justify this acutely claustrophobic microcosm of domestic misery.
We Don't Live Here Anymore is a revelation. One rarely sees American-made movies that are so unafraid to explore emotional cruelty and portray the consequences without positing easy answers or attaching happy endings.
Affecting and sincere.
The murk and mystery of marriage, adultery and friendship have seldom been illuminated with such harsh precision.
Not a deep movie. It is a very honest one, though -- there's not a cheap cinematic trick in sight -- and it's a graceful one, energizing its small-town story with eloquent camera work and ingenious musical touches.
Originally written in the 1970s. That figures, in the best sense: It is worthy of comparison to the lifelike, character-rich films we cherish from that era, and is certainly one of the finest films to come out this year.
We Don't Live Here Anymore convincingly dissects the impact of adultery on two shaky marriages in a small New England college town.
At times harrowing to watch, yet it's also wry and delicate and absorbing. It's infused with the messy excitement of imperfect passion.
So 'literary' that it's drained of every drop of life and truth, it's...rather like a soap opera thoroughly scrubbed of its characteristic bad taste but equally unconvincing.
Spellbinding stuff -- in part because of its vivid characterizations.
The most realistic couple arguing I've seen on screen to date.
Like d.p. Mayse Alberti's overemphasis on dark interiors and gloomy exteriors, the music dresses an already dismal soap opera in somber tones that leave us vaguely despondent rather than caring.
Adult, if occasionally soapy.
The film, sometimes talky and overemphatic, is also literate, erotic, brutally funny and touched by brilliance in its quartet of live-wire performances.
Failing to find the cinematic equivalent of Dubus's vertical writing, Curran and Gross's movie strains for truths it never earns.
We Don't Live Here Anymore is marked by the rich characterization of four starkly different people.
There's nothing we haven't seen before here and done far better in the snappy works of Neil LaBute or Edward Albee.
[A] smart insight into modern-day relationships.














@highlight

We Don't Live Here Anymore is often overly moody and grim, but it's made watchable by the strong performances for its four principal actors.