A story that could steal the hearts of millions but fails in the attempt... [Full review in Spanish]
Essentially an extended music video, and with about as much narrative weight, August Rush is empty, flat, and pointless.
A music box trying to pass itself off as an orchestra.
A heartwarming fairy-tale that is undeniably sweet, even if it occasionally crosses over into sappiness.
"The only thing astounding about this movie is how bad it is."
Someone in Hollywood must have it in for Thanksgiving. How else to explain the cruelly timed release of August Rush, a wretched confection that only the most determined will be able to count among their blessings?
While many films require a suspension of disbelief, August Rush asks viewers to terminate their disbelief without severance and have security escort it from the building.
Its almost desperate earnestness actually turns out to be its greatest appeal -- August Rush does believe in fairy tales, it does it does it does!
August Rush kind of feels like a 2-hour coming attractions preview. Lots of fragmented stuff happens, without ever connecting the dots in between.
...warmly affecting at times and almost unbearably saccharine at others.
It doesn't matter if you love music or inspirational stories or Robin Williams (anyone?) -- this is enough to make your teeth ache.
More fable than film, there is no earthly reason why August Rush should work. But it does.
It's far-fetched and a leap of faith of Olympic proportions is required to keep abreast of the plot, but August Rush does deliver some charming moments, largely due to charismatic performances from Keri Russell and Jonathan Rhys Meyers
Uplifting and heart warming, this is a perfect date movie.
A lot like a conventional musical, but the story is not conventional, it is mystically romantic.
The excellent actors and good music make you think the movie will get better as it progresses, but it never does.
"August Rush" is a familiar, yet entertaining experience that works mostly because of the wonderful cast and the haunting mix of music.
However predictable, a good ol' fashioned happy ending is always welcome. But bring a box of tissues: A good cry is to be expected as well.
If it weren't for the wonderful soundtrack, Nick Castle and James Hart's screenplay wouldn't have made it past the slush pile.
Nauseating drama with poor direction, dodgy performances and a sappy, cliche-laden script.
An honorable failure -- maybe even a noble one. Certainly, it's an ambitious one. But it is a failure.
Even the final few moments, which should have us choking up, seemed hurried and shot from the wrong angles.
Cloying, annoying, and absurd. And that doesn't even include Robin Williams.
A perfect example of everything wrong about Hollywood films, "August Rush" is an obstinately perverse, hammy piece of instant-gratification cinema that weeps from the screen as so much emotional sludge.
Watching this yucky emotional drama is like being sprayed with treacle from a high-pressure hose.
If you can stomach an ultra- contrived plot with a ridiculously schmaltzy finale, August Rush will be music to your ears.
A show-stopping compendium of clichés, bogus emotions, duff dialogue and cringeworthy performances. Yet it's so naively idiotic that it's hard to hate. Better just to ignore it.
Passionate about the importance of music, August Rush is an ambitious family film that just about keeps its head above the rising waters of gushing sentimentality.
Packing every cliché, coincidence and contrivance known to man (well, Hollywood screenwriters) into one glossy, saccharine, syrupy package takes some doing; but Highmore's open-faced charm makes Evan's sappy story tolerable.
Yes, August Rush is cheesy, almost embarrassingly so, but it's also irrepressibly sweet.
It doesn't really work, and looks especially messy and corny next to a beautifully simple, music-driven romance like Once.
The film-makers ought to be reported to social services.
...reeking heap of hogwash...
Saying August Rush is contrived is like saying that, in terms of continents, Asia is pretty big.
That Robin Williams' character turns out to be a controlling bully is one of the picture's few surprises; everything else falls neatly into place, thanks to a script that needs about 128 coincidences to retain its forward momentum.
This inspirational drama gets three stars for oddity value alone.
All this could totally happen, just like an oak tree might spurt out of the ground to start singing and dancing, the Arizona Cardinals could win the next 50 Super Bowls.
Heart-warming, life-affirming fantasy - a magical, musical adventure, geared for families
August Rush will not be for everyone, but it works if you surrender to its lilting and unabashedly sentimental tale of evocative music and visual poetry.
Pandering to the point of offensive.
Seems to want to wear its schmaltz on its breast pocket as if it were a medal of honor.
August's journey is good for the soul, the rapturous beauty of it all so all-encompassing just thinking about it again can't help but fill me with unabashed joy.
Far from the year's worst film, but it might be the year's biggest debacle -- it's hugely, ostentatiously bad.
The leaden script is full of empty romantic pronouncements that sound neither believable nor wondrous.
[An] odd, quasi-mystical movie that's too silly for adults to take seriously and frankly too weird for kids.
Exuberantly bad and strenuously preposterous.
Intended as a fuzzy family fable, August plays more to the gag reflex than to the heart.
Most of the time, the material is quietly, subtly perfect.
If it isn't brilliant cinema, it's honest and powerful.
[An] inane musical melodrama.
The filmmakers are so deadly earnest about the power of music and love and all that stuff, you just twiddle your thumbs waiting for the inevitable.
Schmaltzy and borderline insufferable.
It would be nice to say this predictable fantasy has such a big heart, we can forgive its excesses. But director Kirsten Sheridan overplays nearly every already-corny scene.
August Rush feels like the cinematic equivalent of being stuffed with fruitcake and doused with a gallon of egg nog.
Although Williams seems to be in another film altogether, Russell and Rhys Meyers make an attractive and believable would-be couple, and Highmore may actually be the best child actor working today.
The fairy-tale-like family film is one slow, saccharine ride.
The goal is to drive mothers everywhere insane with the urge to rescue him and brush his hair (or the other way around), and in my case it worked.
It's hard to believe in the magical power of music to heal and connect lost souls when the tunes are lame.
Director Kirsten Sheridan has no interest in keeping August Rush tethered to reality or toning down the sentimentality.
It tries very hard to be fanciful, lyrical, sentimental, magical, rapturous, romantic, heartwarming, tear-jerking and inspiring. The result, however, is a goulash of half-baked bathos.
I dislike sentimentality where it doesn't belong, but there's something brave about the way August Rush declares itself and goes all the way with coincidence, melodrama and skillful tear-jerking.
An exercise in dissonance.
If August Rush is a fairy tale, it's an excruciatingly, sometimes hilariously oblivious one.
Will his parents, through a magical, utterly unlikely yet strangely compelling of fate, come running once they hear the longing in their little maestro's edgily hip, borderline Ani DiFrancoid slap-strumming? Far be it from me to state the obvious.
We need to break out a whole new definition of cheesiness for a film like this, augmented by fake tears and vomit gestures.
Unapologetically preposterous, but it is a (very sweet) fairy tale and Highmore is captivating.
If sentimentality were a cymbal, it'd be like having a percussionist standing right behind you and crashing every other beat.
Its exertions are too obvious, and its story is too contrived for us to swallow it.
A light, fanciful touch at times bolsters its "fairy tale" feel, but at times the story incorporates just enough "realistic" elements to drag the whole thing back down to earth.
This is the sort of movie that requires you not only to suspend disbelief, but to check your sanity at the ticket counter.
Think of it as a fairytale only with more of a ... oh, who am I kidding? I can't defend this.
I liked the movie, but I wanted to get caught up in it and swept away by the magic and it didn't quite make it over the rainbow.
Doesn't take long for the movie to reveal itself as an extremely contrived and predictable movie that tries too hard to tug on the heartstrings.
Despite its flaws, the music is the ultimate star of this film and Freddy Highmore is a highlight. He plays the role with a truthfulness and innocence that hasn't been matched by a child actor in some time.
Before you can say one night stand, a pint sized street urchin is a big city superstar. American Idol for kids.
To describe August Rush as a piece of shameless hokum doesn't quite do justice to the potentially shock-inducing sugar content of this contemporary fairy tale.
An aggressively bad movie. There are times when it tips the scales of absurdity and becomes almost comical.
It can be admired for trying something a little different from the usual family film, but in the end, it just doesn't work. At all.
Pleasant, emotional, fable-like family drama.
Heavy-handed, undeniably saccharine, and about as magical as a clown at a kid's party, August Rush is an implausible, pus-covered pixie stick.
I must also confess my absolute astonishment and delight to discover that it is much better than the treacly nightmare suggested by the ads.
The abruptness of the picture as it leaps from character to character is unsettling, revealing that either Rush had a 30-hour rough cut or Sheridan just didn't know where to take a stand with the film's focal point.
August Rush is more like the cold November Rain
manages to stay just this side of saccharine, most of the time
There is a lot of talent wasted in August Rush, a would-be weeper that comes across remarkably flat.
Those who are willing to open their hearts to this urban fairy tale will find its pleasures, as long as they they don't think about it too hard.
If you appreciate a well-crafted fantasy tale that is a showcase for its young star and its great music, then you might just like August Rush.
Yes, it's all pretty silly. But director Kirsten Sheridan weaves a certain spell with her lush poetic montages, heart-tugging close-ups of Highmore's angelic face and mostly appealing performances.
For all its patently absurd situations, its occasionally cloying characters and its naked tugs at the old heartstrings, August Rush still finds a way, every so often, of dropping a lump into your throat.
If Charles Dickens were alive today, he might be writing projects like August Rush, the unabashedly sentimental tale of a plucky orphan lad who falls in with streetwise urchins as he seeks the family he ought to have.
It's an unabashed feel-good weeper, and those eager for that type of fare might as well settle for this one. But an equal number will be put off by the bad dialogue, transparent manipulation and saccharine overkill.
Kirsten Sheridan, who helped write her father Jim Sheridan's overcooked In America (2003), directs this awful drama, so soggy that her previous work looks positively austere.
With its musical themes for individual characters that come together symphonically at the climax, the music is so persuasive that it carries the narrative rather than complementing it.
So ridiculous and sappy that it defies the best efforts of a pretty good cast.
Wholesome family entertainment with a life-affirming message.
Director Kirsten Sheridan's new film is August Rush. But she might as well have named it Oliver! 2: Electric Boogaloo.
The kind of fairy tale that makes Cinderella look like kitchen-sink realism.
Slight, uneven and not very memorable. Just as the viewer's heart is intended to soar, mine was left lukewarm and wishing that it cared more.
Sheridan's magical movie blooms at the crossroads of music, melodrama, and love; leaving the theatre, you'll find yourself happily immersed in the sounds of the streets.
Acclimate yourself to the frenzied vibe and you'll feel the movie grow into itself as an urban fairy tale whose rapturous finale stakes a wishful claim on the redemptive power of love and art.
Even though August Rush is sappy, it's the kind of sweetness that everyone needs once in awhile -- like a big, honkin' ice cream sundae.
Egregiously self-indulgent and mawkish fairy tale.
[A] joyful movie -- so joyful, in fact, that its soul and heart triumph over the many flaws of some of its separate parts.
this crowd-pleasing fable does a lot of good things, but it also makes so many glaring missteps that it's hard to get truly caught up by the magic.
Freddie Highmore, still the cutest kid in the movies, is an endangered species, about to turn 16 in February and allegedly not intending to continue as an adult actor.
Flawed, yet, does what I, as a musician, find difficult to do. It conveys in words&pictures that wonderful feeling of being caught in a much grander current of rhythm&melody.
A fanciful fairytale blending elements of Oliver Twist, Ferris Bueller, Peter Pan and The School of Rock likely to entertain and enthrall preteens for a couple of hours.
So gloriously, astonishingly nutty that it almost qualifies as an instant camp classic...the visual flamboyance only adds to the pretentious goofiness of it all.
Overly sentimental it may be, but August Rush took me quite willingly to a cinematic world full of music and hope.
As a real-life story, this would be preposterous. But as a fantasy ode to the spiritual qualities of music in our lives, it works beautifully.
In spite of its flabbergasting self-absorption, August Rush's devotion to following through on its screwy internal logic is almost genius.
Following in the footsteps of her father Jim Sheridan (In America), helmer Kirsten has concocted a contrived, sentimental urban fantasy--a reworking of Oliver Twist-- far more impressive in music, sound, and imagery than in plot, dialogue, and words.
Fans of soppy movies will probably love it, but everyone else should steer clear.
May be the best film I have seen in 2007. August will have you Rushing to theatres to witness his musical masterpiece.
A poetic joy: if you can suspend your subscription to the definition of film Hollywood has groomed us to accept, you'll love this film.
An often charming urban fantasy that teeters perilously on the brink of preciousness but never quite topples over.
Those who are prepared to forgive the film its stock characters and lack of emotional subtlety may allow themselves to be ravished -- by the sumptuous soundtrack, if nothing else.
Many of the so-called twists feel strained, though preteens are unlikely to complain, and there's nothing here to really frighten an even younger crowd.








@highlight

Though featuring a talented cast, August Rush cannot overcome the flimsy direction and schmaltzy plot.