There's something distinctly sour-tasting in how long the film lingers on its characters doubling-down on their awkwardness.
The approach has all the lasting charm of a train derailment, but at least the train is going somewhere before it is brought to disaster.
For all its charm and its impeccable leads, Napoleon Dynamite is a modish exercise in anti-cool. Still, a strong debut for all its young talents.
One-of-a-kind high school comedy for the family.
Napoleon's climactic spaz-out dance is more than just a goofy gag. It's a payoff to a great buddy-system comedy and the idea that it's not high school's dreams and regrets that last, but the sometimes-bizarre friendships.
too odd to dismiss and often truly funny
Just incredibly mind-numbing and unfunny...
Napoleon Dynamite may not even be friggin' sweet, but it does have skills. [Blu-ray]
The characters are all weird and nothing much happens in Napoleon Dynamite, yet this droll and understated geek-comedy zings with truth.
Heder seems perversely bored, unable to hold his eyes open; was that a conscious acting choice, or was he simply reading his lines off the floor?
Writer-director Jared Hess tries for John Hughes by way of the Coen Brothers, but only comes up with one dull, unfunny non-sequitur after another.
For most of its length this delivers a steady stream of uncomfortable gut laughs.
If you have an indie film sense of humor -- and those of you who have it know what I mean -- you'll probably enjoy this flick.
It's a cast of brilliant caricatures, and as such recalls the films of Wes Anderson.
Seething with teen-angst irritability and an obstinate blind ignorance to just how much of an outcast he is, Napoleon Dynamite may be the biggest dork in the history of high school movies.
As long as you don't mind making fun of the afflicted, there are some killer comic moments.
Delights in deadpan %u2013 celebrates nerd. And is a testament that beauty can be found everywhere. A charming, albeit quite odd cinematic piece. Harold and Maude -lite.
I began to appreciate the neat reversals of expectations, slow pace and serene non sequiturs of the plot, the film's smart approach towards teen alienation, ludicrous ambition and impossible dreams.
Napoleon Dynamite may be forcefully weird and intermittently humorous, and you might not know what the heck to make of it, but there's nothing shocking about its screenplay.
Napoleon Dynamite isn't exactly the year's funniest film, but it does make for a memorable experience that can be enjoyed over and over again.
Leave this one for the dogs.
Functions like an excruciating episode of Jerry Springer.
A Roschach test of viewer empathy while I respect the concerns of those who find the movie cruel, I have to side with those who find it ultimately endearing.
'March to the beat of your own drum,' the movie may say, 'but we will laugh at you.'
É recheado de estereótipos dos mais ofensivos, mas torna-se agradável e divertido graças ao apelo de seu personagem-título.
It's honestly kinda sweet and moving -- the blissed-out celebration of the lurking outcast inside all of us.
...makes a good attempt for about its first quarter hour at showing us the dilemma of the high school outsider.
What is touching, however, and perhaps the film's central theme, is the strength, however strangely expressed, of the friendship between Napoleon, Deb and Pedro.
Not much really happens in this film but it's an oddly heart-warming character study and will ring bells with anyone who has ever spent any time in a small town.
Revels in its own kookiness and is the most engaging teen movie to emerge from the States for many a year.
Bubbles with barely suppressed loathing for its characters and setting.
An offbeat, frequently funny comedy that gradually wins you over, much like its central character.
[..]sans une véritable ligne directrice, le film ne possède pas suffisamment d'attraits pour en faire une comédie réussie.
Plays, hilariously, like Revenge of the Nerds directed by David Gordon Green... It's legitimately funny and fresh, and it doesn't glom onto any obvious formula.
Hess knows his characters -- sad sacks and misunderstood nerd geniuses who inhabit straight-laced Middle America.
Jon Heder gives a classic slapstick performance, something along the lines of the silent great Harry Langdon, that sleepy-headed weirdo baby, after a hormonal growth spurt.
These characters never conform, and neither does the film.
After watching so many big-budget movies loaded with special effects, I appreciated this film's simple production values, even those opening credits written on plates of food.
If you walk in with an open mind and an acute appreciation for forging truly unique characters and interactions, you'll come back five times.
While it runs out of steam near the end, it never runs out of charm, thanks to Jon Heder's narcoleptic zeal as the title character.
Its acutely observed triumph is also its undoing: It's hard to satirize oppressive tedium without becoming oppressively tedious. This movie's not low-key, it's no-key.
Napoleon Dynamite is like watching Todd Solondz kick a dog on Nickelodeon
I don't know if I was laughing at [Napoleon] or with him, but I was certainly laughing during the movie.
The great thing about the film is that it refuses to cave in and make Napoleon a hero.
This is a movie for the kid who ever thought about keeping a pair of nunchucks in his locker, or preferred drawing pictures of sword-fighting barbarians to playing football.
With wit as dry as the chapped lips of a constant mouth-breather, Napoleon Dynamite finds moments of painful reserve even in slapstick.
You may not like him much. But you'll find yourself rooting for "Napoleon Dynamite."
...a movie by smart people about dumb people, and as such it runs the risk of defaulting to simple ridicule to tease out the requisite number of laughs.
This film is more about scoring points over Jon Heder's unique performance than in telling a meaningful story.
Yes, Napoleon Dynamite has some of that annoying forced indie quirkiness, but it also possesses a certain wayward originality
Whether audiences laugh at or with them, the motley denizens of Preston, Idaho, and Napoleon Dynamite seem poised to win a devoted fan base.
A wacky, weird high school film that John Waters and the Coen brothers could have co-directed. Soo-weeet.
It's easy to envision 'Napoleon' eventually becoming a staple of college DVD parties, in the same way that 'Office Space,' 'High Fidelity' and 'Bottle Rocket' have.
The spite is evident: the movie is meant to appeal to less-extreme dorks than Napoleon so they can feel better about themselves.
It's a great showcase of Schadenfreude so if that's your thing, run, don't walk to the movie. Fabulous, unique performances.
There is nothing dynamic about this "Dynamite"
There's an interesting factor at play here: many of the film's laughs come from the way Napoleon so stubbornly refuses to adhere to the conventions of adolescence.
Jon Heder delivers a fearless performance that's almost breathtaking in its wormy detail.
Audiences love this movie. So do I.
The funniest film of the summer.
As slight as the picture is, though, its hero is an indelible creation.
Napoleon Dynamite has all the markings of a midnight show perennial.
Leaves viewers with a welcome and all too rare feeling of movie-induced giddiness...
It's more the fusion of forces by friends on the same askew wavelength who combine their skills into something greater than their sum.
Weirdly compelling.
Although it sometimes feels like a one-note joke stretched out too long, it's still probably the most unique comedy you'll see all year.
You'll laugh. You'll feel silly for doing it. Then you'll do it again.
The slow burn and deadpan dumbness of Napoleon Dynamite is a perfect fit for its minimalist aesthetic.
Has quirky humor in spades, but needs a story to tie it together.
Jared Hess pushes Napoleon's stupidity as far as it can go in pursuit of cheap laughs, but achieves nothing that isn't easily forgettable.
It's an empty, affected experience, and a 5-minute joke stretched out to 85 of the most soul-sucking, higher-power-questioning minutes found in a movie this year.
Napoleon Dynamite is no Election or Welcome to the Dollhouse, but this Sundance hit is a pleasant enough outing.
Funny enough that I'll refrain from describing the gags that made me laugh, lest I spoil them for you.
It's a quirky, fresh slice-of-life more inviting than a tater-tot pyramid.
We laugh at all the nerdy behavior in the movie, and there's a reason that's OK: Because, deep down, we know we are all nerds.
He makes Geekus Hollywoodium -- always played by someone such as Ben Stiller, whom we know to be fundamentally cool beneath his nerdy veneer -- look like the fraudulent genus we know it to be.
An independent take on a Hollywood tradition, undermined by its cliches but saved by its performances.
May be the most condescending comedy ever to imagine itself being too cool for the room.
This is basically a collection of hit-and-miss skits that are stumbling around in search of a story line.
Hess and Heder allow Napoleon to remain his geeky self from beginning to end, a guy who -- like his movie -- dares to be different and succeeds.
A giant inside joke for those who know the peculiarities of rural Idaho.
Has more belly laughs than 10 studio-produced, star-vehicle comedies.
Calling this story about a quirky high-school student from a dysfunctional family who lives in a goofy small town a one-joke movie is exaggerating by a factor of 10.
The most disappointing thing about "Napoleon Dynamite" is that it chooses to make its lead character the butt of its jokes
Imagine a John Hughes teen comedy remade by Jim Jarmusch and dropped into the town that time forgot.
Heder is magnificent, but the film's flat, eccentric tone is Hess' overarching achievement.
It's a vacuum-packed Idaho spud of a world, but funny.
This is a lot of kitsch, but the movie has a strange sort of affability that pulls you along.
The movie merits a low-wattage recommendation even though it's short on things to say.
Has a sweet momentum.
A landmark achievement in curdled nostalgia, but the whole enterprise leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
The bits are hit-and-miss, though the funny ones are often very funny.
A very funny sketch of high school nerds in rural Idaho
Even if you don't like the film and its freak-show depiction of small-town life, it's hard not to admire the commitment of Jon Heder's performance.
When the audience roared at Napoleon's almost spastic way of slicing the air with his limp-spaghetti arms, I cringed.
Hess does creatively produce a droll gem that exudes a nerdy naughtiness worthy of exploring in all its deadpan deliciousness
...feels sort of like the work of a lousy Wes Anderson cover band.
Napoleon may start out as a caricature, but there is a subtle and gradual change that occurs.
You must see it to believe it because this film is entirely original. The movie's final line will have you in stitches. It's the most romantic line ever said on film!
A few minutes in, we know all the punchlines.
Napoleon Dynamite is like a cinematic bully, picking on the nerds with apparent glee
Captures, to hilarious extremes, all the uncomfortable- in- your- own- skin humiliation of teen dorkdom...
It's one of a kind, and kind of a masterpiece.
It's not as hilarious as it thinks it is, and it's sometimes too weird for words, but it is often pretty funny.
There's no cohesive story, just a series of opportunities for the title character to strut his gawky stuff.
You may find yourself feeling a bit guilty about enjoying it so much.
Has nerd chic.
An inspired dead-end stunt that keeps delivering snarky laughs far longer than it has any right to.
There is a kind of studied stupidity that sometimes passes as humor, and Jared Hess' Napoleon Dynamite pushes it as far as it can go.
I laughed. And I laughed primarily over Heder's hilarious performance.
A noteworthy achievement in freaks-and-geeks cinema and often reminscent of the work of Rhode Island's famed Farrelly brothers.
One of the most winning movie creations in years.
[An] endlessly and cheerily ridiculous film... highly intellectually involving...
This quirky-nerdy, heartland-set tale of a teen outcast's life and dorky times fizzles.
Massages a few angry yuks at the expense of its misfit gallery.
No-frills celebration of cluelessness.
This is the sort of Sundance audience hit that doesn't necessarily travel.
Napoleon and his pals aren't the heroes of a Bruce Springsteen song who get up every morning and go to work each day. They're knuckleheads.
Too low-wattage to be a true nerd anthem, but it's charming in retrospect, when you're freed from the narcoleptic pace to think back on the queerly beautiful tableaux and well-timed gags.
If I wanted to spend 90 minutes with someone like that, I'd just watch myself in the mirror...for 90 minutes.
One of the more bizarre and original characters in recent memory, Napoleon provides some great laughs despite an uneven story that often loses steam.
A call to be yourself in light of those around you and have confidence in whatever your 'skills' may be, no matter how geeky or nerdish.
The movie's deliriously specific detail, affection for its characters, unexpected developments, and genuine sweetness keep us laughing with Napoleon, not at him.
'This is pretty much the worst video ever made,' Napoleon complains. ... I know exactly how he feels.
It's an outlandish, goofy diversion.
I'm cracking up already thinking about that uncle again, who is obsessed with 1982.
Mistakes insults for jests and racism for narrative guile.
Like a confused film school student, director Jared Hess is happy to pay homage to his film heroes, but doesn't have enough passion to say much of anything in his own voice.
One of the most original and quirkily endearing debuts since Wes Anderson's Bottle Rocket.
While these kinds of stories often drown in their own eccentricity, the cast keeps the film afloat.
A little movie with a lot of heart and a lot of laughs.
Hess' deadpan debut could have been so much better if only he'd had the courage to actually appreciate his loser characters.
Commitment to honesty, along with enough genuine laughs, gives Napoleon Dynamite an appealing humanity that will leave you smiling.
Take Poindexter from Revenge Of The Nerds, give him as much charisma as, let's say a wet rag and let him master one facial expression - then you have Napoleon Dynamite.
Doesn't reach the hilarious heights that its short film predecessor Peluca does. It's funny in places, but not satisfying...wait to rent it.
Weird and often hilariously funny.
A physically adept comedian, Heder and the rest of the spot-on cast provide a smattering of chuckles, but they get hung by the one-note script that feels like an amusing sketch stretched too long.
Ostentatious and pointless, firing quirkiness out of a machine gun and saying nothing in the process.
guaranteed to win over the geek inside most of us
It's a simple collection of sight gags and pratfalls that mines the overly familiar turf of awkward adolescence without bringing anything truly original to the experience.
plays like a demented after school special that exists in rural America but feels like it came from outer space
This goofy American original works largely due to the determined weirdness of star Jon Heder
A small-scale, deadpan film.
...a wonderfully skewed story that weaves together tater tot fetishism, a voracious llama, tether ball, Internet dating, and the high school presidential race...
In Fourth of July terms, its pop is less dynamite than firecracker.
Nerdiness will never seem the same.
Maybe if I weren't as far removed from high school as I am now, I'd be much more into the movie's warped depiction of teenage wasteland.
A thrift-shop Wes Anderson pastiche masquerading as the latest in cult-film haute couture.
Napoleon Dynamite is a quirky and appealing comedy set in Idaho about an oddball teenager who waits patiently until he gets his chance to shine on his own terms.
Supremely condescending...If you need to look down on others to feel better about yourself, 'Napoleon Dynamite' is the movie for you.
a wry and sober comedy about family neglect and social ostracism that is deeply, truly funny
A trashy Midwestern remake of Rushmore.
The 2004 Sundance crowd-pleaser has got the tableaux suitable for Diane Arbus photos down pat, but no real interest in the people negotiating those life situations.
An epic, magisterially observed pastiche on all-American geekhood, flooring the competition with a petulant shove.
Best nerd movie since 'American Splendor.'
With a low-key sense of humor and without the slightest whiff of sentimentality, Hess delivers a film about geeks that makes Revenge of the Nerds look like the Hollywood tripe that it is.
A quirky, one-of-a-kind comedic gem. Even when you aren't laughing out loud, you won't be able to stop from smiling.
You'll laugh till it hurts.
The most fascinating outcast since Harold and Maude. Trouble is, Harold and Maude were going someplace; their story had a direction.
There are lots of laughs for those who enjoy the sight of bottom dwellers doing stupid things that make them look even more idiotic.
For those who think there'e nothing funnier than yokels acting like idiots for 90 minutes straight.
Both as written and as acted, every single character in Napoleon Dynamite -- is richly characterized and distinctly drawn.
There's a depth of character and droll humor in Napoleon Dynamite that recalls a dash of the Coens and a pinch of Wes Anderson.
Imagine an out-there cartoon and watching it spring to live-action on the big screen.
Each actor perfectly compliments the Hess's original brand of humor that keep steady giggles bubbling from the audience, inspiring frequent bursts of uproarious laughter.
A gloriously quirky, hysterically funny ode to rural dullness that is probably the fairest, most accurate film representation that Preston, Idaho, will ever get.
The joke is always the same, and even the most easily amused may grow weary of that sameness.
The film runs the risk of devolving into a live-action cartoon. That it never does is a credit to the Hess' strong screenplay and to the actors.



@highlight

A charming, quirky, and often funny comedy.