The particulars of the smash'n'grab are so ridiculous - just how do you swipe a priceless car from a 50th floor apartment? - you just have to keep watching to see how they are going to pull it off.
A poor man's version of Ocean's 11.
Let's just get this off our chests right now: Tower Heist is not a great movie.
This action comedy's heart is in the right place, but its screenplay and direction are not.
'Tower Heist' is a low-rent payback caper involving the staff of the titular high-rent tower. It's Donald Trump's Tower. Oddly, The Donald doesn't have a cameo.
A crappy Hollywood blockbuster for the Occupy movement.
It is a heist movie that doesn't care about the heist.
The one-liners pop and the cast delivers.
All corners of the oddball comedy genre are squarely covered in a way that somehow seems fresh despite the well tried-and-tested formula.
What we end up with is a film that will have you laughing all the way through while at the same time reminding you that some talent never goes away, it just hibernates in smaller or inferior movies for awhile before that right project reaches them.
Tower Heist is too much fun too dislike. It may not be the smartest or even the funniest film of the year, but it does feature one very entertaining ensemble that makes for a great ride.
Feels more like a droll drama than an actual comedy, and it could have worked on those merits, but the stilted comedic asides rob the film of genuine weight.
A funny, if farfetched, revenge fantasy for folks bilked by the likes of Bernie Madoff.
Tower Heist succeeds because of Eddie Murphy's snarky performance, and fun turns from the rest of the cast. But the heist itself is a little dumb and the story is riddled with plot holes.
The movie moves well, had plenty of bright spots and never bores, and by the time it was over I couldn't help but smile.
Occupy this: A feisty and funny heist movie with a nice turn by some guy named Eddie Murphy.
It's the Occupy Movement ethos via a comedy crime caper.
The movie is no fun, except when Murphy is around, which isn't nearly enough.
Tower Heist is an entertaining crime comedy that features solid popcorn filmmaking from Brett Ratner and a big time cast having fun.
One can't help but feel there must have been a little more meat on the bones of the script at some point.
A thoroughly entertaining heist movie with enough ballast to make it real, and also enough comedy to make it a great entertainment
Brilliantly executed with hilarious ideas and a first-class cast, Tower Heist is a sparkling and original caper
A casual heist movie that's played for laughs, not smarts.
A just-for-fun, feel-good people's picture -- and and one that never gets on its high horse and preaches to get there.
The presence of an almost sleepwalking Eddie Murphy as a motor mouth criminal simply adds to the sense of resources neglected.
The heist of the film's title is thus premised on a desire for revenge that seems timely, but is more formulaic.
On the plus side, 'Tower Heist' has a well-cast ensemble and makes great use of its mid-Manhattan location, including an incursion into the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade...
h tainia einai heist apo ton titlo ths akoma, kai kwmwdia apo thn afisa ths, opote to thleoptiko melodrama me to opoio ksekinaei, sympiezei kai olo to kefi ths ypotheshs
As a special message from me to Eddie Murphy...man, I really missed you. Welcome back.
A score-one-for-the-little-guys triumph that finds a funny bone inside the modern-day muscle spasms of the financial agonies that have spread from Wall Street onto Main Street.
A throwback to the class-conscious wish-fulfillment comedies of the Depression, this goofy escapist farce is more useful than the earnest 'Margin Call' as a response to economic injustice.
There's really no reason to go see Tower Heist when you can watch Ocean's Eleven on TNT again.
The film is armed with an amazing cast, and while not the greatest heist story ever told, the bottom line is that Tower Heist is a lot of fun.
It is like a less funny 'Office Space' with bigger stakes. The fun becomes a little ordinary, but the likeability of the cast keeps it entertaining.
After starting out with a very slow pace, this heist film makes up for it during an exciting and unusual robbery caper.
I'm not sure this represents a step up from anything we would have gotten from Rush Hour 4.
Eddie Murphy returns to comedic form in Tower Heist but his character, and the movie in general, lose their sense of humor.
As heist movies go, Tower Heist is pretty tame - we aren't talking Ocean's Eleven here - but the comedy element is better than expected ...
A timely action-comedy caper whose undertow of blue-collar bitterness and anger will strike a chord with anyone who's fallen foul of these credit-crunched times.
Eddie Murphy is back and in fine form, but then the entire cohesive cast is at its best.
[A] genially absurd, gently cathartic, and slightly stale Brett Ratner caper...
...laugh out loud funny.
The movie doesn't want to bite the hand that feeds, it just wants to make nice.
A funny, if farfetched, revenge fantasy for folks bilked by the likes of Bernie Madoff.
Good for one or two genuine laughs.
Filled with a great cast, twists and turns at every corner and lots of humor, Tower Heist is thoroughly entertaining.
Not entirely cringeworthy.
Established interpersonal relationships and character quirks are quickly forgotten as Ratner powers ahead with the heist, but even here his disdain for the basic pleasures of the genre ensures he botches it.
It's all rather less fun than it might have been due to some poor timing.
Old school Eddie Murphy, where have you been?
The characters are far more interesting than the actual heist that eats up the final portion of the film, so it's a good thing we're allowed to spend plenty of time getting to know them during the first hour.
Cheerfully crappy schlock.
Tower Heist suffers from an overly episodic midsection that's been suffused with one time-wasting, pointless sequence after another...
Time killer passable entertainment.
'Tower Heist,' despite its sometimes clunky plotting, strikes me as a surefire crowd-pleaser. It's certainly a damn sight more entertaining than the summer's superhero attractions.
Slick, smart, timely and topical revenge riff - succeeding because it's more caper than comedy.
A wildly entertaining and mildly hilarious crime comedy.
Neither the best nor the worst of its genre, Tower Heist ranks as one of those amusing trifles that provide an undeniable, but ultimately temporary, escape from the troubles of the day.
There are a few scenes where his fast-talking hoodlum character is funny, sharp, and interesting enough that you think, "Wow, Eddie Murphy is back!"
It's kind of weird to say this but, I think Rush Hour 3 may have had more suspense
I've seen great caper movies, and this isn't one of them. As mainstream Hollywood studio movies go, Tower Heist isn't bad, and it will probably fulfill most audience's desire for escapist fare. But despite some good laughs...
Not as flat-out amusing as I anticipated. It is more of a comedic drama.
Tower Heist is goofy in a really, really delightful way.
for the most part, Tower Heist is a perfectly enjoyable film... far more enjoyable than it has any business being
Made me laugh and held my interest more than it should have, given how sloppy it is. Call it an acceptable bit of B-minus work from a C student.
If not for the unfortunate heist of the third act, this Ben Stiller/Eddie Murphy action comedy would have found itself laughing all the way to the bank.
There's certainly nothing deep about this one, but courtesy of colorful characters, solid laughs and a festive Thanksgiving backdrop, 'Tower Heist' makes for some decent entertainment.
The 99 percent get to pay $10 to watch a member of the 1 percent pretend to steal back their money. Who's laughing their way to the bank now?
So what if it's sheer petty escapist enjoyment? Tower Heist delivers the laughs in desperate times.
Alan Alda plays the billionaire, and his oleaginous smarm is so good that you almost wish Alda were starring in a hard-edged movie about Madoff instead of this goofy heist picture that takes way too long getting to the heist.
As far as sophisticated caper flicks go, Tower Heist is oceans away from George Clooney's crew... Yet in a movie filled with diversion tactics, Ratner pulls off a doozy, turning an ordinary how-will-they-do-it crime into a slap your forehead finale.
All of this is to say that Tower Heist winds up being a poor man's Ocean's Eleven.
This ensemble comedy headed up by Ben Stiller and Eddie Murphy is an entertaining yarn with at least one solidly suspenseful sequence you'll remember.
TV movie of the week funny. You won't laugh out loud. Or even that much, but at least you'll laugh.
Murphy delivers the goods as 'Heist' is an amusing take on a real life situation. Although his role as a ghetto thug who is used to teach normal folks the tricks of the trade is questionable, he brings the spark that keeps the laugh meter above par.
Brisk, fun heist movie has some language, sex talk.
The production overall is breezy and fun, with a nonstop pace after the first half hour. That is when the action really kicks in. The on location filming, particularly Trump Tower and the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade, is superb.
This is, of course, Hollywood schlock, directed by shlock-master Brett Ratner. But it's also a surprisingly effective social drama.
Good people. A few laughs. Forgettable. The obvious missing scenes (cut late in the game?) don't help.
The term "crowd-pleaser" is usually meant as a bad thing, something that's trying to be all things to all people. But "Tower Heist" is a quick-witted, light-footed action comedy that would genuinely please a crowd.
Highly recommended if you want to watch an assortment of rich movie stars feel your pain.
Tower Heist" is a fluff piece, an enjoyable date night flick during which you can ... enjoy 99 minutes of fantasizing about how you would procure the comeuppance of the person who ruined your future.
Could Eddie Murphy be getting his comeback? Just maybe with this comical heist!
The latest comedy-action film from director Brad Ratner is a shaggy affair, but it's intermittently inspired in its action sequences and the comic business of its sprawling cast.
"Tower Heist" and its cast still manage to hit a few functional notes that allow the film to pass as a serviceable comedy that will probably play best on Saturday afternoon cable (you know, where all the other '80s action-comedies live).
The movie is Brett Ratner's attempt to make a blue-collar Ocean's Eleven using the template of his own patented Rush Hour. But Tower Heist doesn't even reach that hack classic's level of chemistry or funny.
Between the protracted setup and the fizzled execution, however, Tower Heist finds a nice comic groove in the job's planning stages, when Murphy finally bursts onto the scene and pings jokes off his timid counterparts.
Has the perfect "generic brand" title to match its Teflon blandness.
This tale of a Wall St. Robin Hood should seem very timely, but the lost savings of blue collar workers is just a springboard for director Brett Ratner to indulge in action comedy tropes as old as Eddie Murphy's box office draw.
Eddie Murphy steals the show in 'Tower Heist'
It's a serviceable bit of studio fluff that keeps your eyes, if not your brain, occupied for 100 minutes.
We could use a lot more Leoni (any movie could use more Leoni) and the conclusion feels awkwardly tacked on, but it is timely and fun.
Ted Griffin and Jeff Nathanson's screenplay leaves a few other loose ends dangling ... that help Brett Ratner's direction make the jump from carefree to inattentive.
The story about a rich man in a Manhattan skyscraper ripping off his employees feels economically fresh.
For everyone who has been duped by Wall Street or hit hard by the economy, 'Tower Heist' delivers the fantasy that you can get your revenge.
Presents nothing new in terms of story and can't always sustain its energetic pace, (but) it does provide a lot of action and plenty of laughs.
You really want these poor schlubs to get their very justified revenge - just like you want to like this movie. It co-opts you from the very start.
Tower Heist is no great shakes as art but it does contain witty moments and a fine if unlikely denouement.
There's so much wrong with Tower Heist, but director Brett Ratner and his team pull off the improbable with this comic caper that actually gets away with being entertaining -- up to a point.
Once again, it reminds us the rich are different from you and me and, when they live in the penthouse, they have a lot farther to fall.
It's a fun heist flick and a great showcase for Murphy, Pena and Broderick.
It just wants to entertain as many people as possible, and it does just that fine.
The trouble is that these brief highlights only serve to further underline the rest of the film's failings.
Murphy was the main reason I enjoyed Tower Heist so much; he's so fast, so jazzy, and so fluid, that he's a sheer joy to watch.
A shamelessly crowd-pleasing film that may not take comedy to new heights but does not need to when it's just very, very funny.
Tower Heist feigns being an Ocean's 11 for schmucks, but plays like a retread of 48 Hours.
It might not be a detailed heist movie, and Tower Heist might not be perfect, but it is perfectly funny.
"Tower Heist" is an improbably satisfying action comedy, the kind of wax-on-wax-off, slickly machined Hollywood widget that meets its audience's expectations without once aspiring to exceed them.
It's a cunningly engineered movie that's as much fun as "Ocean's 11," a tale of a Renoir of ripoff who matches skills with freewheeling, improvisational rivals -- the Jackson Pollocks of plunder.
Another thing Ratner is good at is not wasting our time when he runs out of ideas. But he leaves us smiling, if not believing our own eyes.
[It] turns out solid entertainment almost by force of will alone.
This is a popcorn movie, plain and simple... generally letting its strong ensemble cast go to work.
But it is Murphy, seemingly channeling himself playing Billy Ray Valentine in "Trading Places," that steals the show here. It's so nice to see a funny Eddie Murphy on the big screen again. I welcome him back and hope he's back to stay.
A very funny, clever and crowd-pleasing comedy with a terrific ensemble cast. It deserves to become an instant classic.
While nitpickers could find all sorts of faults with various aspects of the plot, this is the sort of film where one should turn off the doubts and just go with the flow. (Parental Movie Review also available)
Slick, anonymous and forgettable.
Moves with such a fleet foot, with such know-how in interweaving its many cast members while using each one of them to their strengths, that it pleases and entertains for just about every one of its 104 minutes.
It isn't the new Ocean's Eleven, but a sequence involving a sports car dangling from the side of a skyscraper is well done, while Stiller and Murphy raise a few laughs.
At no point does the movie promise more than it can deliver, though to be fair, that's a polite way of saying that it's not trying very hard.
The most that can be said for Tower Heist, the new action comedy from Brett Ratner, is that it's a middlingly well-done evocation of the big-budget caper you remember with vague fondness from long-ago matinees at the mall.
Eddie Murphy reignites his inner firecracker in Tower Heist, a middling comedy caper that can't match its star's focus.
Remember when Eddie Murphy was funny? Dangerous? Entertaining? Thankfully, "Tower Heist" does also.
Doesn't topple
Tower Heist isn't aggressively bad or even offensive, but its utter lack of presence is almost worse.
This looks like the umpteenth draft of a script that no one was entirely happy with.
"Tower Heist" might not be a classic (it's not), but at least for a little while it will make you laugh instead of cry about the current state of affairs, which is more than you can say about a lot of things.
It's as if an all-star gang of would-be crooks got together to rip off...moviegoers.
The type of film with which Mr. Ratner has claimed to be infatuated is itself like a caper -- it requires precise execution. "Tower Heist" is more like that 10-story Snoopy, as he drunkenly bobs along Central Park West.
A buddy comedy? With Ben Stiller and Eddie Murphy? Directed by Brett Ratner? I can hear your eyeballs cartwheeling in your head.
A highly entertaining and heartfelt action comedy that ought to steal more laughs than any other film this holiday season.
It's hard to go completely wrong when you've got Broderick shuffling around in a bathrobe and Murphy scampering in black leather.
Nobody in the cast is doing anything remarkable, but I liked every one of them and their contrasting styles - Broderick's droll melancholy, Affleck's sarcasm, Sidibe's belligerence - keep the scenes crackling.
While [it] never reaches comedic heights, the cast offers enough incidental pleasures along the way to make it an amiable, if inconsequential, ride.
You won't remember Tower Heist an hour later, but the top cast makes the jokes (even the lousy ones) go down easy.
Employees get revenge on the financier who swindled their money in a broad, crowd-pleasing comedy.
Mr. Ratner goes for the safe bet and the easy score, which means that, for all his shows of solidarity with the working stiffs, he has more in common with the wealthy scam artist who took their hard-earned money.
Devoting more time to the setup than to the follow-through, Tower Heist doesn't really build suspense so much as it builds impatience - for the thing to be over.
Comedy is funnier when it rebounds off a hard reality, and the money woes underpinning "Tower Heist" give the caper a solid bounce.
"Tower Heist'' is smoothly made and smart enough. It's not going for too much, but I laughed a lot, despite knowing better, which was more or less any time Eddie Murphy says anything to Ben Stiller.
an agreeable time-waster with some funny moments
It feels like they've got all the moves right leading up to it, and they know how it should work, but it just doesn't quite get there.
Tower Heist constantly makes you aware of the buttons and levers the movie is pushing and pulling: There's something artificial and plastic about the film that keeps you from truly getting lost into it.
It is like a sandwich without lunchmeat. It has a long setup and a long payoff, but nothing in between them worth chewing on.
A caper comedy which will appeal to all those who want to see a Wall Street wheeler dealer get what he deserves.
Tower Heist is painless to sit through, and the movie does pull off a few action set pieces that are vertiginously exciting. It's just too bad that Ratner isn't craftsman enough to keep this soufflé from collapsing.
It's no Trading Places but Tower Heist is a fun, snappy and well-played caper...
Ratner loves to go for the big, excessive finish, and Tower Heist is most fatiguing in the last stretch. But his movie is also dotted, here and there, with comic gracefulness.
There's a nice ensemble feel, the cast is easy to root for, and although Ratner goes big and broad during the finale (Thanksgiving Day Parade), interest in the revenge plot or its crew never flags.
"Tower Heist" is funny in the way of so many Hollywood comedies, meaning that individual scenes are often crisply written and played, but the whole doesn't add up to anything.
Like the scheming protagonists in the slick caper Tower Heist, the film's creators had some big plans that didn't exactly work out.
This is a sadly common example of a filmmaker designing his production for inattentive, lazy audiences who don't really care about story coherence or consistency. It's a "turn off the brain" movie.
Alert to the righteous rage of the 99%-ers and canny about how to mine that rage for laughs, Tower Heist is like Ocean's Eleven meets class consciousness.
Boasts an unusually strong cast of actors, who boost the slick screenplay into a satisfying popcorn picture.
Isn't going to radically alter Ratner's reputation, but it's a solid reminder that he's capable of manufacturing perfectly pleasant escapism, working well with a cast of diverse dramatic backgrounds and comedic skill.
It's harder to imagine a meatier-and more wasted-ensemble than what Brett Ratner has at his disposal in "Tower Heist.
Flukes of timing aside, everything about the patently phony Tower Heist is all flash, no substance.
The movie's an Ocean's 11 for the 99%, with a sense of timeliness that makes the simple plotting and wisecracking that much more effective.
A movie so elaborate that the New York Thanksgiving Day Parade plays a supporting role, complete with balloons and thousands of spectators, "Tower Heist" won't stay with you long. But, like popcorn, it's enjoyable while it lasts.
A generic caper comedy with pretensions of timeliness.
For what it is - recessionary wish-fulfillment escapism, with a lot of highly skilled familiar faces in its amply qualified cast - it's fun.
Tower Heist promises a cracking spectacle, but resembles one in the same way as an egg placed too precipitately in boiling water.
It's Occupy Wall Street re-imagined as a zany caper comedy.
With a high concept and a lazy script, there isn't much to this caper comedy at all.
There's suspension of disbelief, and there's pureeing your brain 'Top Chef'-style.
This isn't a great heist movie for a lot of reasons, beginning with the stupidity of its heist plan and the impossibility of these characters ever being successful at anything more complex than standing in line.
There's little here to tickle the funny bone.
Downtrodden workers seek payback from a dodgy Wall Street trader in this topical yet goofy action comedy.
Tower Heist is the cinematic version of a Trump property: overblinged, eye-catching, and essentially tacky.
When it comes to enjoyable popcorn fodder, Tower Heist just does what it sets out to do - and pulls off the big job of making Ratner relevant again.
Enjoyable, nicely paced comedy caper that delivers a handful of thrills and some decent laughs thanks to strong comic performances and a witty script, though it's slightly let down by an underwhelming finale.
Enough funny, clever and downright entertaining moments to make it a nice bit of escapist fun.
Oh look, it's rubbish.
Man, it's good to see Murphy being funny again.
Silly and well intentioned, this comic action flick feels like a big overstuffed buffet...boasting a few hearty treats and bloated with a bunch of excessive other stuff.
...things take a turn for the worse during the heist itself, as more and more ridiculous elements and obstacles turn up, and Ratner fails to sell them.
An entertaining but uptight comedy that strains to match the throwaway fizz of the Ocean's movies.
When Murphy's on screen in his classic comic mode, it's hard to focus on anyone or anything else. It's as if we've turned back time and erased all those family-friendly duds and lame laughers...
Tower Heist is the Occupy Wall Street movement's idea of a porno.
It's a story you can really get behind without much investment, however flawed or foolhardy, to see a comeuppance dished out to a new global pariah.
Tower Heist deserves credit as a clean, well-turned job, fleet and funny and inconsequential. It gets in and gets out quickly... and leaves no trace once it's gone.
Puts a quality cast through their paces, alternates chuckles with spectacle and is pleasantly unpretentious with it.
A welcome return to form for Eddie Murphy and an even-more-welcome turn by the ever-excellent Alan Alda.
A bland, schematic contrivance of a class comedy that never elicits any responses beyond the primitive and the childish.
For a film critic, there are few pleasures more satisfying than ripping into a bad movie. But one of those few is discovering that a film that you were expecting to hate... turns out to be wonderful.
A few flashes of vintage Eddie Murphy liven up Tower Heist, an otherwise mild-mannered action comedy carried by nice-guy lead Ben Stiller.
The timely socio-economic context is just a premise for a broadly entertaining if implausibly plotted caper comedy, which lacks the glamour and stars of Soderbergh's Ocean's movies but offers Eddie Murphy one of his strongest parts in a long time.
[VIDEO] Fast paced and fluffy, "Tower Heist" is a spectacle-laced comedy with widespread appeal.
The big-budget pic goes wonky on the way to the bank, due to its lackluster pacing and shortage of the qualities that typically earn stars Ben Stiller and Eddie Murphy their paychecks -- namely, laughs.
Ratner and screenwriters Ted Griffin and Jeff Nathanson use the financial mayhem as a plot trigger for an elaborate scheme that, however far-fetched, is all but irresistible in its criminal legitimacy and its promise for just desserts.
Toss everything you can find, starting with roughly diced plots, into the blender, press "Pulse," and pray: such appears to be the method behind "Tower Heist."
A shameless but exuberantly well-done caper comedy...
The movie's brash, forgettable fun - no Ocean's 11, but a darn sight better than Ocean's 12.


@highlight

Tower Heist is a true Brett Ratner joint: little brains to this caper, but it's fun fluff, exciting to watch, and showcases a welcome return to form for Eddie Murphy.