Great premise, but talky dramedy doesn't deliver.
While the main lure for audiences--Will Ferrell--is basically forgettable, Allen does compose one fascinating and witty look at the human mind and its own ability to depict events through our own sub-conscious preference.
Reminds us there is little to divide comedy from tragedy, and that neither comes exclusively. After all, the tears of sorrow and the tears of joy both come from the same place, and dampen a tissue with equal intensity.
Mitchell, in her dual role, gives a breakout performance (two of them, in fact).
A movie just shouldn't feel like homework. And with the constant shift in stories and repeatedly reinvented characters, unless you're in the mood for taking notes, you're going to feel like you're invited to rehearsals, rather than the finished product.
full review in Greek
All the inner workings of "Melinda and Melinda" show that Allen has finally risen above, returned to his position as a fine filmmaker.
Neither version of Melinda, despite Mitchellâ(TM)s game try at making them distinctive beyond their different hairdos, is funny or tragic enough to fully engage us; thereâ(TM)s no opportunity for an audience to be moved.
It has great performances, snappy one-liners and a likeably tricksy structure, all wrapped up in an affirmative antidote to life's daunting complexities. Welcome back, Woody.
Allen presents the side-by-side stories as if to compare the comic and tragic views of experience, and it might work but for the fact that the two [playwrights] come up with dissimilar plots featuring different characters played mostly by different actors
One story, two versions, each from Woody Allen, so you know you're in for it.
The comic side isn't really that comic.
A welcome return to form from a really talented guy who's been churning out cinematic junk for the past few years.
(...) aburrida, ni lo suficientemente cómica, ni lo suficientemente dramática...
finding the plot "gimmick" seems to exhaust all of Allen's creativity
Schizophrenic but mildly diverting, with a revelatory performance by Radha Mitchell in the lead(s).
Happy proof that news of Allen's artistic death has been much exaggerated.
Overcoming the handicap of an overt, writerly device, Allen crafts a warm comedy and a painful tragedy right before our eyes.
Clever, if not cutting-edge, Woody Allen's "Melinda and Melinda" examines whether we interpet life as a comedy or tragedy.
Even though this isn't up to the standards of the best Woody Allen films, it is still worth watching.
It's all about the same old Woody rehashed musings over struggling artistic New Yorkers living in swell brownstone apartments.
More an interesting idea for a film than an interesting film.
Both stories center around Allen's constant obsessions: terror of mortality and the consequent dissatisfaction with life that in Allen's world inevitably leads to infidelity.
provides a refreshing new framework for Allen's premise
For those who are still willing to give Woody the benefit of the doubt, 'Melinda' offers a bit of reassurance that the writer-director hasn't completely lost his touch.
Ferrell is a particular standout in the typical Woody part, combining his own awkward comic sensibility with Allen's customary neuroses
As a fan of professional athletes ... Woody Allen has seen plenty of players who hung around past their prime. Too bad he didn't take the hint.
As an exploration of the dual nature of comedy and drama, Allen has crafted a work that compliments his career and his obsessions perfectly.
The impression one gets as the final credits roll is one of having seen an enjoyable, witty flick, even if one's audible reactions were confined to a few chuckles.
...terribly slight and a little bitter; like one of Faulkner's dashed-off stories for money.
For all his metaphysical "Big Question" pretensions, Allen ultimately settles on the cliché that all's well that ends well.
Hardly groundbreaking stuff, but it's a film that his fans will enjoy most; others might find it a pleasant diversion.
If you dig on Woody, you're likely to get some enjoyment out of this film...
Instead of two half-hearted resolutions to Melinda's dilemmas, I would have preferred one fulfilling one.
Allen's most complex and satisfying film in a long while - and possibly it's his most cohesive serious work since Crimes and Misdemeanors.
The film feels like a summary work, as if [Allen] is reevaluating his career twenty-five years after exploring similar territory in Stardust Memories.
The relations become convoluted beyond the point of viewer-concern for these people.
Woody Allen has long flirted with that stylistic split personality. Now he's put it intriguingly on the screen.
The Shawn character says, 'Moments of humor do exist (in life). I exploit them, but in a tragic context.' Allen couldn't have said it better himself.
Whether in tragic or comic mode, [Mitchell] exudes an onscreen charisma that almost makes the drabness surrounding her palatable. Almost, but not quite.
This story jolts to an end as suddenly as if Allen's camera ran out of film.
Will Ferrell is funny. Woody Allen is hilarious, or at least he was in his heyday. Will Ferrell channeling Woody Allen? Not so funny.
A sad state of affairs when what was once the most vibrant satirical force in American film is now a black hole that only a lucky few can escape.
It's middle-rung Woody, but compared to such dismal efforts as "Hollywood Ending" and "Anything Else," the movie is a godsend.
Will Ferrell always seemed more likely to work with Woody Woodpecker than Woody Allen, but the two comic forces unite as a surprisingly perfect match
Woody Allen's best film in 20 years.
Will Ferrell is a perfect Woody Allen avatar, let's hope Woody realizes it.
The tragedy portions confront the audience with awful proof of just how tedious the filmmaker has become, while the comedic version offers fleeting moments of escape and Melinda and Melinda's only glimpses of how real people live and love.
Has a fascinating premise; it's the execution that's sloppy.
The comic and tragic stories are cleverly intercut, but they're both so inconsequential that it's hard to bring yourself to care which one you're watching.
But recently he's been off his game again. I don't know why.
One of the better Woody Allen films of recent years.
None of the characters have their own voice. They all sound like Woody Allen.
So much more depth has gone into seductively photographed interiors (residents complain of being poor while living in terrific Manhattan lofts) that Melinda starts to seem like an accessory, to be packed and hauled away.
Entertaining but uneven.
It's pleasant and challenging enough, in fits and starts, and certainly not the embarrassment of his last few movies.
Half works, and the half that doesn't work isn't so bad that it's not worth sitting through to see a Woody Allen comedy starring Will Ferrell.
It is a stunt, but at least it is a serious one.
A movie that too often is dull and duller, an exercise posing as a full-blown drama. Or is it posing as a comedy?
Overcoming the handicap of an overt, writerly device, Allen crafts a warm comedy and a painful tragedy right before our eyes.
I'm torn - half of me thinks this is worth seeing and the other half says wait to rent it or see it on cable.
Like a copy of a copy of a Woody Allen movie.
Sin City is the most gorgeous digital movie ever made. It represents a stunning leap forward in both the technology of digital cinema and the art of filmmaking.
A step in the right direction, yes. A masterpiece, no. Still, it's a big step, one that at least bears comparison with much of Mr. Allen's better work.
Allen once based his career on making mincemeat of the very people Melinda and Melinda dotes upon.
At this point, Allen may be the only guy laughing at his jokes.
Allen knows it's foolish to speak of comedy and drama as if they're separate things, so he intermingles them here.
Yet another exercise in futility from Woody Allen.
The comic half of the double feature is more wheezy than breezy, and the drama lacks the pulverizing punch of serious art.
Melinda returns Woody Allen to more steady ground; yet, his film still feels like a work completed with one eye closed.
Allen lately has grown tired of complex characters and inventive actors to play them. He appears to be making movies because that's what he's always done, but the love and the ideas and the zip are essentially gone.
Comic or tragic, a story should be involving. With dreary, self-involved, characters who move around the plots like sleepwalkers, neither one of these stories is.
As the title suggests, Melinda and Melinda features two renditions of the same person. Woody Allen would have been smart to scrap them both and start from scratch.
Little more than a failed stunt, a would-be magic trick in which the sleight of hand is all too obvious.
Woody Allen breaks his recent slump with Melinda and Melinda, his best and most purely enjoyable film in a decade.
I couldn't buy that two supposedly sophisticated theater people could be so simpleminded about what defines comedy and tragedy. I also couldn't believe in most of the characters, including either version of Melinda.
The dialogue sparkles, the cast is terrific, and both stories are entertaining, even if the premise is flawed.
Melinda and Melinda is like a single date with a beautiful girl from out-of-town in which not much happens, but you had a good time anyway.
Melinda and Melinda does have its faults, but it's plainly the work of a master filmmaker.
This performance will likely be forgotten by the time Oscar season rolls around, but Mitchell is going on my Best Actress list right now.
...may be fractured, but (Radha) Mitchell's presence keeps it from becoming schizophrenic.
Doesn't have the quilted complexity of Allen's best work, but unfortunately that's nothing radically different from what we've recently seen from the esteemed writer-director.
Engaging, well performed, cleverly constructed and both tragic and comic as befits its objectives.
Melinda and Melinda, like its title characters, seems to go nowhere in particular.
Faced with the choice between oh-so-slight comedy or trashy melodrama, some viewers might just prefer a different film.
Melinda And Melinda is just another rehash.
It's Mitchell's movie all the way and the young actress makes the most of her opportunity.
The details are so complex and interconnected, it becomes more comfortable to let it all wash over you and simply appreciate the passing pleasures.
The tragedy is not particularly tragic except in rote recitation of what came before, the comedy not particularly comic.
The dual stories in Melinda and Melinda never manage to be cohesive or meaningful enough to register as purely comic or tragic.
What makes Melinda and Melinda particularly fun -- despite a creakiness in many of the jokes -- is that Allen seems to be thinking about his own penchant for merging comedy with tragedy.
As a foil to hold it altogether, Mitchell is surprisingly effective.
The movie's problem is a failure of contrast arising from comic material that's not funny and tragic material not very moving.
An engaging little picture highlighted by an ingenious premise and a knockout lead performance.
A conceptual disaster on Mr. Allen's part.
A bright, jaunty comedy in a jazz tempo that mirrors two opposing sides of a single personality, dramatized by two different writers with opposite takes on life.
Watchable, sporadically amusing and ultimately frustrating, because Allen is capable of so much more, but doesn't appear interested -- or willing -- to push himself any longer.
It becomes increasingly clear that Allen's idea of otherness is frozen in another era. The dividing line between the in-crowd and the out-crowd is as clear as ever, he just can't see it from where he stands.
Watching Ferrell here is a joy.
Here the Allen surrogate is Will Ferrell playing a failed actor, all flailing gestures and squinty eyes. Whenever he's onscreen, the film comes alive. Otherwise, not so.
Simply put: There's not much trenchant pathos in the former, while the guffaws are far between in the latter.
The real drama here is pretentious Woody trying to catch a ride on funny, formerly saleable Woody.
It doesn't rank among his best, certainly, but it's encouraging in a way that Anything Else wasn't.
Ferrell, Mitchell and Ejiofor are all superfine, but the whole cast acts up admirably. And Allen's writing is as good and sharp as anything he has done recently.
Though Melinda is no masterpiece, it's also an Allen film that requires almost zero special pleading.
A cerebrally frothy charmer.
Where Woody Allen's Manhattan intellectual and pithy lines always evinced a smile when delivered by the auteur, in the hands of his replacements they are just not funny.
Only Brooke Smith is distinctive as supporting player Cassie. Amanda Peet is a natural for Woody's style, but is saddled with one of Allen's most cliched characters
A movie about the symbiosis of the filmmaker and the audience, who are required to conspire in the creation of an imaginary world.
The comic version of Melinda's story is only mildly less somber than the tragic version.
For all its failings...[has] enough thoughtfulness, creative energy, and comedic idiosyncracy to outpace any five modern comedies, much less two.
Allen is no longer the sure-handed artist who made Annie Hall, Manhattan and Hannah and her Sisters. He is the guy at the park with a limp.
Writing this review hurts, and I'm sure seeing Melinda and Melinda will bring pain for most Woody Allen fans.
The eclectic supporting cast keeps things interesting for a little while...but the novelty soon wears off, and we're left with nothing more than an unusually dull Allen flick.
I think this Woody Allen's best film in maybe fifteen years.
Pretentiously analytic as it might be, if Allen's next film is as much better as this is over his last few, there's hope for his serio-comedic angst-filled satires.
Whether Melinda's excesses lead to heartbreak or full-on calamity, the film proposes that she's too much for either genre on its own.
When Woody's writing is solid, his direction is always at its strongest and steadiest, and Melinda and Melinda is sound indeed.
With a grabber performance by Radha Mitchell as both Melindas, this dually plotted exercise is fun to see and even fun to ruminate about.
But both variations on Melinda's story bear the unmistakable mark of Allen's morose sensibilities. In the end they both feel muddy and unfocused rather than delightfully ambiguous.
With each passing film, it becomes excruciatingly obvious that Allen lives in his own urban neurotic bubble, cut off from how people -- even the Manhattan intelligentsia he both celebrates and skewers -- actually speak and interact.
There are plenty of gently amusing lines here ... and many nostalgic pleasures.
Too bad Allen didn't throw out the grim half of the movie and start over.
Not enough to say [Allen] has returned to form, but enough to remind you of what that form was.
Occasionally confusing but inherently appealing, Woody Allen once again explores the concept of alternate realities.
Though it sounds like a creative writing assignment, Allen manages to make the conceit feel as natural as it is interesting.
Melinda and Melinda is a treat for Woody Allen fans. For one thing, it's pretty good, which has been a rarity in the 21st century for the director.
Woody Allen's parallel-lives story is a nicely made diversion that puts him back on track.
It's fun and it's funny.
Two lousy movies for the price of one.
Melinda and Melinda is perhaps best thought of as an offering to the memories of Ernst Lubitsch and George S. Kaufman, half-forgotten culture heroes whose examples of crisp sophistication deserve to be kept alive for future generations.
This is closer to an Allen comeback than anything else he's made recently.
Woody Allen does it again: one more unfunny, terrifically out-of-touch comedy set in an almost unrecognizable upper-class New York, pristine and shiny.
An invigorating return to the brainy but breezy New York story that reinvents the ways in which stories can be told cinematically.
Comedy wins out over tragedy thanks to Will Ferrell's presence in Woody Allen's schizophrenic new offering.
In this deplorable view of marital fidelity Woody Allen proves he's the master of tedium with a big assist from Will Farrell whose amoeba-like range stinks up the screen.
missing, unfortunately, both laughs and tears
The best reason to see Melinda and Melinda is Radha Mitchell, who has her grabbiest role (or two of them) since she broke through with High Art.
Not a sitcom but a fleshed-out comedy, one of Woody's most complex pieces ever.
Neither comedy nor tragedy, the movie is closest to genteel soap opera.
It's impossible to empathise because the circumstances are so ridiculously contrived.
Melinda and Melinda revolves around neurotic and selfish characters who are unappealing in every way.
Woody Allen is back in fighting form with Melinda and Melinda.
Melinda and Melinda is not as bad, flat, or embarrassing as Allen's recent comedies, but it's certainly not a return to form.
There is nothing original about it, but the only source it plagiarises is Allen himself, and it rips him off rather well
The best Woody Allen film in years.
The sensitive dual female role for femme lead Radha Mitchell stirs memories of complex Allen heroines from Annie Hall on down, even if the action is dispersed via a larger ensemble cast which he currently favors.
Mitchell's nuanced intensity as the vulnerable Melinda, especially in her more high-strung incarnation, is key to the film's success.
Plays like the product of a Woody tribute act that couldn't decide if it preferred Annie Hall or Crimes and Misdemeanors.
One of Allen's most accomplished and enjoyable films in years.
Un juego de contrastes, un brillante juego narrativo, y una premisa perfecta en su simplicidad.
Woody Allenâ(TM)s best film for Quite Some Time, an inventive, intellectual comedy with an attractive cast and an amusing script.
Inventive and insightful look at relationships, although it suffers the flaws of Allen's more recent films.






@highlight

Woody Allen's uneven Melinda and Melinda fails to find neither comedy nor pathos in what seems like a rehash of his previous themes.