It's fair to say that the subject-matter... is likely to be a hard sell, but the quality of the film is such that it simply demands an airing.
With Poetry, Lee Chang-dong once again gets a brilliant performance out of his female lead, this time from Jeong-hee Yoon.
[Writer/Director Lee Chang-dong] has consistently drawn great performances from his actors, and only partly because he writes huge roles for them.
But what's so surprising about Poetry is Lee's unassuming mastery over the elements therein.
True to the title, writer-director Lee Chang-dong is principally concerned with rendering emotions that seem inexpressible.
Those with an eye for reading between the lines can find layers of meaning.
A deceptively gentle tale with a tender ache at its center, as well as a performance from Yun Jung-hee that lingers long in the memory.
Lee is concerned with beauty in much the same way a philosopher might be -- its transcendent nature, its presence in nearly everything.
A valiant and touching psychodrama about an aging woman who takes on the challenge of writing her first poem from the experiences that stir her heart.
A beautifully acted, deeply moving tale that brings a lump to the throat.
A fascinating, satisfying film with a remarkable central performance.
In the way of good cinema, the full experience is entirely unsentimental and poetic.
It is a picture of something inexpressibly gentle and sad, something heartbreaking and absolutely normal, but something stirred up by a violent, alien incursion.
Beautifully shot, brilliantly written and featuring a terrific lead performance from Yun Jung-hee, this is a thought provoking, emotionally engaging drama that would make a superb double bill with Bong Joon-ho's Mother.
How many times have we seen the components of this plot? The crimes of the young; the trials of the old; the lone individual fighting for truth and decency. But they were never mixed like this before.
What makes Poetry so involving is that it's never clear how the story will be resolved.
From Alzheimer's, rape and suicide, Lee has created real poetry.
Yoon's performance, nuanced and subtle, is superb, while the film is long and languid so adjustments and allowances must be made both for its pace and, at times, for its poetry. But the effort is well worth it.
[Yun Jung-hee's] quiet gestures, gentle gaze and tender pose transform themselves into stanzas as they rhyme with Lee's cinema.
Devoid of the ultra-violence so often associated with Korean cinema, Poetry is quiet and unhurried, making its portrait of social bleakness all the more impactful.
Anyone who starts a film going to poetry classes is eventually going to come up with a poem. The one Mija finally delivers will rip your heart to shreds.
Well-crafted and compelling, if a little inaccessible to western audiences...
Sensitive, almost to a fault, Lee Chang Dong's Poetry is a well-observed but minor effort from one of the top Korean filmmakers.
Poetry possesses a lyrical delicateness that marks it as something special, different and thought-provoking.
Writer and director Chang-dong Lee's film is moving without ever stooping to melodrama; Yun is the main reason why.
He leaves a lot of loose ends in "Poetry," letting the viewer form his or her own interpretation of what happened and what it means. But the ending, especially the devastating final shots, feels complete and perfect.
"Poetry" is daring in the ways only quiet, unhurried but finally haunting films have the courage to be.
At the end of this film, the significance of Mija's experience is felt in full, creeping up on the viewer in a manner that mirrors the effect of great creative writing.
Like the flowing waters in its opening shot, Poetry is a beautiful film that carries us along slowly, subtly, yet unrelentingly.
Has a strong flavor of daytime-drama soap.
A Korean movie about an aging housemaid that turns out to be one of the best films of the year.
Lee is a gifted, thoughtful filmmaker, unafraid to tackle difficult subjects.
Like a great poem, it challenges you to ponder it and help create its meaning.
A captivating film, as observant and nuanced as a sonnet.
Mija's journey is a complex and intimately internal one, trying to figure out what she is thinking and what she is going to do a curious game of cat and mouse that's as fascinating as it is emotional.
Completely engrossing.
Yet another great, neo-noirish effort from South Korea (the other was the recent release "The Housemaid"), "Poetry" tells a -story that no American film studio would go near.
Absolutely captivating... stimulating even though it really does seem like it ought to be sedative.
Now is the time to bestow on yourself the gift of one of the most, well, poetic films of 2010. And by "poetic," we mean rich with soulful pauses that are at once visual and aural and deeply observant of the dance of routine and quiet surprise.
About guilt and responsibility, about loss, about the terrible things human beings do, and the moments of serenity and spiritual succor to be gleaned from the natural world.
Sometimes you don't fully appreciate what a movie's doing to your heart until it's been shattered.
A chronicle of complex joy and devastation, with a slight tendency to ramble.
Mija, at the center, is perhaps determined to not fill her remaining memories with despair, and to avoid adding to the sum of the world's misery. Maybe it's as simple as that.
This is a small film. It is also a great one. "Great" is a word I don't use often.
[An] exquisite Korean drama by Secret Sunshine's Lee Chang-dong.
A graceful melodrama with the feel and texture of an absorbing novel.
A film that elevates Lee Chang-dong to the pantheon of directors who make great art out of the suffering of ordinary people: Satyajit Ray, Ousmane Sembene and Akira Kurosawa. A great work of art about the pain and aspirations of the lowly.
As Mija searches for poetic inspiration, "Poetry" filmgoers will revel in it.
"Poetry," which rightfully won the best-screenplay prize at Cannes, never resorts to exploitation. Under Lee's guidence, it is a mature film for mature audiences.
What saved Poetry for me is the brilliant, lyrical and powerful way that Lee manages to sum up all his themes during the final few minutes.
Lee's film lives up to its title.
Ms. Yun's performance [is] a tour de force of emotional complexity that builds through restraint and, like Mr. Lee's unadorned visual style, earns rather than demands your attention.
This is a movie about how in the throes of inspiration, phrases follow each other organically, leading the poet to places she didn't know she was headed when she began. But for Yun, that journey is terrifying, with only blackness ahead.
sprawling, superb
Poetry isn't quite in the class of Kurosawa's Stray Dog, but Lee's domestic-social drama certainly evinces some of Kurosawa's... well, poetry.
Lee Chang-dong's perceptive drama about a woman facing the onset of Alzheimer's as well as a torrid family crisis is keenly acted but meandering.
A deliberate but rewarding film, and like the art of poetry, the viewer-reader must work to see into the heart of things.
Yun is quite simply spectacular as a woman who holds steadfastly on to her dignity and empathy, even in the face of unspeakable tragedy.
Poetry is a perfectly paced and performed character study of a woman raising a child on her own who must contend with a heinous act of violence.
It comes together neatly, perhaps too neatly to be ... poetry. But it's not prosaic, either. It has a lucid grace.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Gets to the heart of poetry with much affection, wit and intelligence.
Genuine empathy and inquisitive humanity cast a spiritual cinematic spell.
At its best, Poetry offers a complex combination of anger, yearning and compassion from a woman struggling to communicate herself as words fail her.
Poetry is another sobering philosophical work by Lee Chang-dong.

@highlight

Poetry is an absorbing, poignant drama because it offers no easy answers to its complex central conflict.