I haven't seen a more captivating kids' film for a long time... well, not since Toy Story, perhaps not since The Wizard of Oz.
A sweet and harmless exercise in physical fun and its busyness should keep children under seven well entertained.
It's the whimsy and mix of lovable characters that make this animated family film from Belgium a winner, especially for the youngsters, who will giggle and warm to the colourful visuals
a cute story that doesn't try to stretch so hard you can see all the tricks
Charming animated adventure is magical for little kids.
Harmless, breezy and mildly entertaining. Kids will love it.
Marrying American voices to Belgian animation, this candy-colored adventure has a harum-scarum energy that rarely flags.
"Thunder and the House of Magic" epitomizes the sort film of that's supposed to be fun for the whole family, but that no one actually enjoys.
"Thunder" falls into the common mistake of many children's films - it underestimates its audience.
"Thunder" doesn't boast a distinctive look or a cast of famous voices. But its characters are engaging and its action sequences exhilarating.
Beautifully animated, with barely a laugh or grin in it.
Thunder and the House of Magic is That Touching Cat Chase Cartoon You've Been Looking For
It's a thin premise that cues much cheery knockabout comedy, with ample scope for impressively whooshy 3D tracking shots. If the action gets somewhat repetitive, very young viewers are unlikely to mind.
The narrative nods its head towards Toy Story and ParaNorman, although there's nothing here to match the magic of either of those strange gems.
Looks good, with a handsome design and an appealingly cute feline. It's just a shame the story's so mild and unadventurous.
No adult will enjoy it all that much, but few will feel the need to bolt for the concessions stand once kids are safely deposited.
Attaining a near perfect Disney-style mix of colourful inventiveness, engaging characters, eye-popping spectacle (especially in its 3D version) and fun-scary set pieces, it's a polished delight with ageless appeal.
The storytelling doesn't match the visual effects.
Painless family fun.
As a feature film, it is soulless, like something that has been generated by a computer programme.
A visual banquet the ankle-biters will be happy to feast on.
A curious mix of Britpop music cues and moppet-bait storytelling makes for a diverting, if derivative kids' animation.
An audience used to Disney and Pixar will rightly expect better than this, whether they're under 10 or not.
If you have minds and eyes, prepare to have them boggled.
This 3D kids' animation about a plucky kitten adopted by an elderly magician is a mixed bag of tricks.
A romp that compensates for its fluffy simplicity with sweetness, generosity and 3D ingenuity.
It's difficult to recommend a CGI film that looks like something your Playstation 3 could easily render.
The House of Magic features appealing character designs and impressive 3D work, but considering the title, it's rather limited in imagination.

@highlight

Thunder and the House of Magic lacks real narrative depth, but its visual splendor offers sufficient compensation for younger viewers.