It's silly enough that its target audience should get a kick out of it and its bearable for adults, and as far as family films go that's a lot better than you can usually expect.
You might chuckle a couple of times, but it is literally a couple, and that's nowhere near enough humour, especially for kids.
[Murphy] continues to treat his career like it were a game of limbo, as Imagine That sees the once gifted comedian stoop to a horrendous new low.
Imagine That is an embarrassment from which only Thomas Haden Church emerges unscathed, because he is the only one to commit fully to his eccentric character.
Murphy struggles to find work in other genres, but given the way he indulges himself with funny faces and voices, it's equally possible that he genuinely likes acting alongside children.
An uncharacteristically restrained performance by Eddie Murphy, a sharply funny supporting role filled by Thomas Haden Church, and a beguiling new child actor, Yara Shahidi, make this fantasy-comedy about the power of imagination agreeable enough.
Ham fisted and formulaic, Imagine That nevertheless has some endearing qualities to save it from the trash can %u2013 notably Yara Shahidi, the cute little bundle whose smartly innocent presence and likeable little face are so loved by the camera that dir
Eddie Murphy, in his hyperactive comedic guise, is in fine fettle in this family-friendly comedy, although he is largely upstaged by his enchanting 7 year old co-star Yara Shahidi, who steals scenes as quickly as Murphy talks.
Twenty years ago it would've been hard to imagine that the typical formula for an Eddie Murphy vehicle would have changed so dramatically.
It's a sad reflection on Eddie Murphy's career that the best thing you can say about Imagine That is that there aren't any fat suits.
[A] characteristically laboured comedy.
It's anodyne stuff and not funny enough.
Imagine That is a sweet surprise of a film that goes some way to restoring Murphy's reputation.
Murphy at least tries to stay in character rather than overdoing the silly voices and physical knockabout, but maybe the material was so blah that he felt it wasn't worth the effort.
Short of laughs, sense and morality, this is an awkward, peculiar, peculiarly American, endeavour.
You're left with the feeling that the film-makers don't see a conflict between the profit motive and paternal love.
There really isn't a spark of genuine humour or life in the entire thing, and the movie grinds its way to a syrupy finale.
Yet another example of a movie that's had all the life sucked out of it by the Hollywood studio system. In the end it isn't very funny, clever or engaging.
Ultimately, if you want to watch a dire attempt at comedy revolving around a misguided father and troubled daughter then go off and rent Curly Sue. It's a cut above Imagine That, but that's hardly a compliment.
The dubious combination of business, buffoonery and child manipulation makes Imagine That a tough sell.
It's a novel premise, but an unworkable one.
Ultimately it's an inoffensive tale that comes with a simple moral message.
Bizarrely charmless and misconceived from start to finish, it represents yet another nail hammered into the coffin of Eddie Murphy's career.
The jokes come thick but not fast before the sorry mess is put to bed with a dreadfully soppy ending.
How would it be if Eddie Murphy quit making trashy, ingratiating comedies and grew up? Imagine that.
Sickly slush that is intermittently enlivened by Thomas Haden Church as Evan's goofy business rival.
A painfully prolonged saccharine gunk tank, guaranteed to displease all ages.
Murphy goes through the motions and no-one will be surprised at the outcome, but the journey is what matters in these movies and Imagine That makes it bearable for anyone over the age of 10.
A spectacularly misguided, badly written and painfully unfunny comedy that falls flat on every conceivable level.
Even with its ironic lack of imagination, Imagine That ends up being redeemed by a handful of wonderfully sweet moments.
As long as Murphy is being silly, kids laugh. Their affinity for an adult willing to play with them is palpable. At the end, even the movie critic got a bit teary. Imagine that!
Why anyone imagines children want to see Eddie Murphy's internal struggle may be the first question posed by Imagine That, but it's hardly the last
At least this Eddie Murphy family vehicle isn't as bad as Meet Dave - but the same could be said of elective dental surgery.
About the only bright note in Imagine That is Yara Shahidi, who is impressive in her film debut - she keeps up with her co-stars comedic antics.
Kinda cute, kinda silly, and just about average, 'Imagine That' isn't the worst or the best we've seen from Eddie Murphy.
Another so so movie in which Eddie Murphy is better than the material he is given
This is a fairly likable family comedy.
[A] misguided, poorly executed family disaster.
When a children's movie like 'Imagine That' fails, it's tragedy that the magic spells in the move can't be used to escape the theater.
"Imagine That" is not a bad movie. It is inoffensive and innocuous.
It proves if you stick the right cute charismatic kid in a worn Disneyesque plot, twist it correctly and add [Eddie] Murphy in charm mode passé can be palatable.
Worthwhile, as long as you're willing to watch Eddie Murphy play the straight man.
Little girls will be bored with this insanely fake financial world and Dad's you don't need this movie to remind you to spend time with your kids, right?
It's disappointing that it's only mildly amusing.
Imagine That this innocuous family comedy could very well bring a smile to a little girl's face, especially if she sees it with her daddy.
no amount of poop jokes are going to make the world of investments interesting to children, and sadly, that is the focus of the majority of scenes in the first 45 minutes
Amid the peaks and valleys of Eddie Murphy's topsy-turvy career, Imagine That falls squarely in the unremarkable middle, an inoffensively formulaic family comedy designed to maximize mediocrity without taking any undue chances on originality.
Imagine That isn't the most imaginative movie, but Murphy is still a comedic genius and has mastered the art of children's movies -- I still miss 'bad' Eddie Murphy.
Most family films aim their lessons at children, but some actually have a thing or two for adults to learn.
Who knows why anyone thought a kid's movie about financial investing might be of interest to anyone of any age? Effortlessly hammers another nail into Eddie Murphy's credibility as a comic star.
Cutesy? My pain was acutesy as the entire plot yawned before me.
Hey, kids! Nickelodeon, one of your favorite companies, has a new release with Eddie Murphy as a financial analyst, so you'll get to hear a lot of grownups in grim offices talking about 'specs' and 'yields' and 'pension funds' and -- hey, kids! Wake up!
Fortunately, the picture's not-so-secret weapon, star Eddie Murphy, gives this uneven effort a reason for being.
One of the most squirm-inducing saccharine-sweet movies to come along in a long time.
Thankfully freed by a child's imagination though it is, Imagine That eventually obeys well-worn, adult-imposed convention.
It's the gentle, believable father-daughter chemistry between Murphy and Shahidi that emerges as the film's most impressive effect; it's enough.
Imagine That has a few nagging problems, none of which is Eddie Murphy's fault.
Given the movie's early creative promise, the ending is disappointingly trite.
If there were any doubts that Murphy can still be as boldly funny and charismatic in the flesh as he has been when providing the voice of Donkey in the Shrek franchise, Imagine That helps allay them.
Unfortunately, Evan's transformation rings tinny. The music guides us to the appropriate moods (This is magical! This is goofy!), because Murphy's performance doesn't.
If anything, the movie is almost more for adults than it is for kids. The first half to two-thirds in particular are quiet, peaceful and beautifully subtle.
A Bedtime Stories-like attempt to merge a child's concerns with the story of an adult, Imagine That mostly succeeds by making good use of the adult and the child.
Director Karey Kirkpatrick mines laughter from human fallibility, aided by a strong supporting cast that includes Martin Sheen as the boss and Thomas Haden Church as an office rival.
Here's a summer movie that kids will laugh at and parents can take them to without worrying about sex, violence, language or projectile vomiting jokes.
Murphy rises to every occasion, not only with the crisp wit that has long been his hallmark, but with restraint and tenderness that serve him well.
...a rather sweet allegory about trusting the imaginary child within.
A movie that takes a major step toward reasserting Murphy's place as the comic heir not just to such obvious models as Richard Pryor but to Groucho Marx.
Sugary sweet father-daughter comedy is fine for families.
Sweet, tender and funny, despite some corny and contrived moments. As long as you're willing to suspend your disbelief and to lighten up for 107 minutes, you'll find it to be a delightful, genuinely heartwarming comedy for the whole family.
Eddie Murphy's latest is exactly what everyone expects it to be; painful, cliché and predictable.
It seems to miss the mark in terms of who it thinks its audience will be. It's not silly enough for the 8-year-old audience or smart-aleck enough for tweens.
Parental Content Review
Imagine That and its young female star have something in common: they are both adorable.
Eddie Murphy proves he doesn't need a fat suit to play soft in Karey Kirkpatrick's surprisingly nuanced family comedy.
In the end, Imagine That might not be anything more than superior family fare. But it's as difficult to make a commercial film with honest feeling as it is to create a pop anthem.
After the debacle of last summer's dreadful "Meet Dave", Eddie is back at his best in his funniest comedy in years, a feel-good winner with something for everyone.
one of the most predictable, sappy, unoriginal movies I have ever seen in my entire life, but it's not all THAT bad
Eddie Murphy's latest movie is not worth paying to see. Gee, imagine that?
Isn't so much offensively bad as it is offensively, soul-suckingly ordinary. It is safe to say the young ones will be far from riveted by a film set in the world of investment firms and financial bigwigs.
Murphy limits himself to just one role and seems to enjoy portraying the straight-laced but superbly professional Danielson and allowing him to thaw without overdoing it.
It's too bad there's little to distinguish this predictable tale from any other comedy about an overly busy father who finally connects with his child.
Shahidi's and Murphy's scenes together have such warmth, tenderness, and joy that they elevate this cookie-cutter comedy into homemade fun.
This particular movie is so deprived of genuine humor and jokes that it almost defies categorization as a comedy.
Murphy's controlled mania and the chemistry he has with Yara Shahidi, who plays his daughter, make this well-worn narrative path seem fresher than it is.
The poor little girl's imaginary friends are so boring that they give stock tips.
I laughed once during Imagine That's interminable 107 minutes, and the longer I watched Murphy's desperate, embarrassing attempts at provoking laughter, the worse I felt.
Imagine That is an innocuous, at times charming and frequently sweet, family film with engaging performances, a straightforward moral for parents everywhere, and enough genuine giggles to keep both parents and their young charges amused.
The actor's scenes with movie daughter Shahidi have an undeniable sweetness, and Shahidi is adorable in a role that easily could have seemed manipulative.
In its minimalism that borders on self-parody, Imagine That is reminiscent of M. Night Shyamalan's The Happening.
For the first time since The Nutty Professor, Eddie Murphy successfully mixes his adult and kid-film personas -- imagine that.
Given his growing track record of odious kiddie fare, it's no surprise to see Eddie Murphy squandering his talents as another in a long line of movie dads who are too wrapped up in their jobs to pay attention to their kids.
Eddie Murphy in another mediocre family comedy? Imagine that.
An innocuous father-daughter movie--sweet and inoffensive--and...a distinct improvement on Murphy's recent efforts. But...it's just okay, not the enchanting treat it's meant to be.
[O]ddly underpowered, disappointingly scattershot... [A] blandly tedious workplace 'comedy'...
A little more than what you'd expect.
Imagine That is amusing without ever being break-out funny.
There's not much in Imagine That to appeal to critics -- or to anyone with an even marginally cynical disposition. Every A-list funnyman seems contractually obligated to do a high-concept family comedy like this, but it's a lot less fresh this time
within this otherwise formulaic family film are elements so atrocious that they remove any heart Murphy manages to mine.
Murphy's heart is in the right place here, if a little on the predictably unrepentant prankster side, as he does an emotionally absentee, pretending-to-listen kind of dad, simply not into the whole parenting thing.
The lesson: Kids are never too young to balance a stock portfolio.
At this point, there's no room left on Murphy's career coffin for another nail, so consider Imagine That the first shovelful of dirt.
Long and certainly predictable, yet quite effective -- a family film with more depth than you might envisage.
Murphy's goofy, bug-eyed hysterics seem played out and overly familiar.
Murphy's scenes with Shahidi prove that he can manage a real rapport with young performers -- why the makers of this movie back-burnered that in favor of more scenes about stock projections, I can't imagine.
Imagine That is a benignly didactic kiddie movie that at once benefits from and gets buried under Eddie Murphy's skittery, overeager inflections.
This is another loathsome family comedy in which a busy father is made to feel like a horrible parent until he abandons earning money and conforms to his child's every whim.
If memory serves, kiddies like whatever movie you drop them off at but, for the record, Drop Dead Fred remains the vastly superior film.
Sweet yet slight.
It's based on a clever premise and it makes good use of Murphy's comic strengths.
Arguably the most innocuous pic of Eddie Murphy's career to date, Imagine That is an undemandingly pleasant, mildly amusing fantasy.
Eddie Murphy and young Yara Shahidi make a strong comic pair in this amusing family film.







@highlight

Despite a promising turn by newcomer Yara Shahidi, Imagine That is another pedestrian family comedy that squanders Eddie Murphy's comedic talents.