McCarey plays the shipboard courtship for generous and tender laughs-the wryly staged first kiss is one of the sweetest in all cinema-but the comedy that follows on dry land is mostly inadvertent.
...the viewer's efforts at connecting to the material or the characters are consistently thwarted by the lackadaisical, momentum-free narrative.
a satisfying romance that works from beginning to end, featuring movie stars of the day that you just can't help but adore
'Weepies' may not be high art, but for those who love them, An Affair to Remember is the Mona Lisa.
surprisingly tedious
Often regarded (or dreaded) as the ultimate chick flick, due in no small amount to its fetish-object role in Sleepless in Seattle, An Affair to Remember deserves better than to be the receptor of Meg Ryan's crocodile tears.
Cheapened by the many references in Sleepless in Seattle, An Affair to Remember plays much better than you might imagine.
Mr. McCarey's direction is unpropitiously and unaccountably slow.
Not much to remember.
Starring Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr in the Charles Boyer and Irene Dunne roles, Leo McCarey's remake of his 1937 Love Affair has some touching moments but is not as good as the original movie, which is one of Hollywood's best romantic melodramas.
Soap opera-ish Cary Grant/Deborah Kerr starrer still tugs at heart.
Romantic and over the top, but Cary Grant excels in these situations and it almost saves a movie that seemed to lose its way.
The original told the same story in 88 minutes that An Affair to Remember takes 119 minutes to cover. There was no need for an extra 31 minutes.
In spite of the flaws and could-have-beens, there is no denying that the final scene of the movie is very touching, albeit in an utterly mawkish and obscenely sentimental way.
Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan...have nothing on Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr.
...the kind of film you don't see much anymore, an old-fashioned love story.














@highlight

There's not too much to it besides Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr, but that's still enough to make this An Affair to Remember .