Filmmaker Neil Marshall delivers a blisteringly-paced opening stretch that effectively establishes the movie's dystopian landscape and the rough-and-tumble protagonists...
...a Whitman's sampler of bizarre story ideas and visual gimmicks, congealing around a premise that is so straightforward that it affords them no groundwork for stability or realization.
I somehow ended up admiring "Doomsday" for being the most unapologetically ridiculously, preposterous action movie I've ever seen.
Marshall's adrenalin-fuelled skill and enthusiasm propel the action forward with reckless abandon.
In terms of sheer excitement, it's the best movie of 2008.
As it slogs through one hectic yet mundane set pieces after another, the film slowly drowns in its own pool of clichés.
One's enjoyment of Doomsday might stem from how much one admires a blatant homage to the 1980s.
Doomsday might seem novel - if you've never seen "The Road Warrior," "Aliens," "Escape from New York" or any other post-apocalyptic flick before.
A bit like a medley of greatest hits performed by a hot, young talent who brings a new vocal inflection to the tired, old standards.
Doomsday possède définitivement toutes les caractéristiques d'un film culte en devenir, même si celles-ci nous laissent toujours en tête une curieuse impression de déjà vu.
A tribute to the early 1980s anarchy actioners The Road Warrior and Escape From New York, Neil Marshall's Doomsday also blends elements from 28 Days Later for a fun and ultra-violent action-sci-fi-kinda-horror film.
Get your Mad Max mutant-maniacs-in-monster-machines on.
The movie doesn't disguise the fact that this is a loving homage to early 80's science fiction cult classics.
It's a mishmash of homages to writer/director Neil Marshall's favorite B movies. That doesn't make it bad at all, though; it ends up being quite entertaining.
Brimming with exploitation antics, grindhouse sensibilities and, heh heh, exploding bunnies, Doomsday conjures a future thrown back to the dead-end styles and amoral excesses of the eighties - and no future could be bleaker than that.
spintati pseytokaltia, poy o,ti yposhetai sto dinei aplohera
When the film's unspooling and we're watching Rhona Mitra drive a sports car through an exploding bus, we find ourselves in movie geek heaven.
After they blow a bunny to smithereens (aiming straight through a plot hole), I knew all bets were off.
The only thing that saves Doomsday from complete disgrace is that it knows it's trash.
...just the umpteenth killer-virus movie of the last few years...
Likely to be the year's most entertaining film withheld from critics, Neil Marshall's latest finds him pigging out at a B-movie buffet of bangers and mash. His alchemy of anarchy in the U.K. is exhilarating and playfully perverse.
Will go perfectly with "Mad Max" and "Escape from New York" as a trio of apocalyptic balls to the wall action fests...
About twenty minutes into it I decided to pretend it was a long-lost mid-'80s film Marshall had dusted off and put his name on.
A series of loosely linked action scenes, Doomsday plays out more like a video game than a movie.
Delivers the exploitation goods and then some, but it's so utterly derivative it represents a depressing step backward for Marshall...
If Doomsday was designed to be trash cinema, the filmmakers achieved their goal and then some.
As the crowd screams and pounds their chests, the camera shows Eden's back. It's a grim resolution, even in the post-apocalypse.
Nothing about Marshall's grab bag has much to do with anything else...it may be aimless and arbitrary, but at least it's mostly fun.
Doomsday is an anarchic trip down memory lane.
Writer/Director Neil Marshall's entertaining, sorta-cheesy, if at times derivative homage to post-apocalyptic cinema delivers exactly what action fans of the genre crave.
[Director] Marshall cribs whole sections from other movies (Aliens and The Road Warrior, most blatantly) so baldly that you have to wonder how he'd like it if someone ripped off The Descent this egregiously.
When people complain that Doomsday moves from one 'what the hell?' moment to another, they're overlooking the fact that that's pretty much the idea.
With my apologies to Tina Turner, "Mad Max" gets a big dose of girl power, and the results aren't pretty.
I still believe with all my heart that no movie with real car stunts, a tough-chick hero, and a severed head that thunks directly into the camera can be all bad. But this is pushing it.
Most fantasy-action films blow their budgets in the first half-hour, and limp home with their makeup smeared. Doomsday is unusually patient, smartly saving most of its fireworks for the later innings.
(Neil) Marshall, once regarded as a filmmaker to watch, is inching precariously close to being one to forget.
If you're in the right mood, though, it's also hugely entertaining.
The acting is better than adequate, and Rhona Mitra is very good as the jaded heroine. As loud, relentless, chaotic, brutally violent and gory B-movies go, this one is a keeper.
If you can accept this farrago of nonsense, and enjoy simulated beheadings and lopped-off hands and massive spurts and splashes of blood, this may be the movie for you.
Much as one might admire the British health care system as presented in the documentary Sicko, even Michael Moore would have to admit they have a hard time over there coping with apocalyptic viruses.
Attention, apocalypse-hungry filmgoers: Doomsday may be the blue-light special you're looking for.
Let's just say that I've built more climactic medieval battles with a set of Legos during my childhood.
Totally earnest but in complete awe of its predecessors.
If Marshall's goal was to deliver a no-nonsense, tongue-in-cheek, mega-violent "throwback" action flick, I'd say he's done a damn fine job of it.
Doomsday is frenetic, loud, wildly imprecise and so derivative that it doesn't so much seem to reference its antecedents as try on their famous images like a child playing dress-up. Homage without innovation isn't homage, it's karaoke.
Doomsday isn't quite memorable or enthralling enough.
Marshall reveals himself to be a terrific showman of chaos and comic savagery. This is Baz Luhrmann's Mad Max.
The protag of this pastiche is modeled on Jovovich in Resident Evil, and one way to pass the time is to count the numerous actioners from which Marshall borrowed (lifted) ideas: Road Warrior, Escape from New York, 28 Days/Weeks Later.
Even the two fanboys behind me - who almost reached orgasm during the Speed Racer preview - laughed and yelled "What?!" when shown both a gimp and a medieval pit fight.
It feels at times that the only thing that hasn't been appropriated is the Filthiest Toilet in Scotland from "Trainspotting," though it is filled with the decidedly unpleasant substance found on, near and in said receptacle
Neil Marshall should be ashamed for foisting such a disappointing follow-up to The Descent on his fans.
Neil Marshall shamelessly rips off elements from so many other action-packed, post-apocalyptic fantasies that you feel you've seen all this mayhem before - and you have!
Dreadful stuff, aggressively silly and repulsively nasty.
Soulless, impersonal and shamelessly derivative, this dime-a-dozen sci-fi garbage is such a depressing step down for Neil Marshall that one can hardly believe it was made by the same guy responsible for the rightfully acclaimed The Descent.
Here's a gorefest that also includes a little story line.
Doomsday typifies the kind of movie that gets dumped into theaters during the late winter -- a regurgitated storyline, no big stars, and no real prospects at the box office.
Those with a taste for revved-up, splattery fantasy thrills won't be complaining.
Doomsday plays more like a series of mini-remakes than a single, cohesive film.
can be a blast if you like the action, like the violence, endure the language and like watching Rhona Mitra strut around in tight, black spandex
You know all those referential spoofs we've been getting lately (Epic Movie, Scary Movie, Meet the Spartans, etc.)? Well, Doomsday is like one of those, except played completely straight.
Imagine the first serious competition to the Deutsche dummkopf Uwe Boll as "worst director" working today, thanks to this mad and maddening mash-up genre picture.
I can't support or defend Doomsday in the slightest. But it's also the most fun I've had at the movies in weeks. If you're in the mood for sheer sensation without the slightest bit of intelligence, this is the flick for you.
Marshall delivers what he promises and Mitri makes for a cool, kick-arse heroine in the Ellen Ripley mold.
As scattered as it is senseless.
The survivors have made it a priority -- as they have in so many post-apocalyptic action flicks -- to store up provisions of mascara and hair dye.
Doomsday is a mess of lousy filmmaking and unrelenting artistic bankruptcy, smashed together to form an ear-splitting, overcooked, awfully irritating shell of an experience.
The sort of rough-and-tumble B-movie Hollywood just doesn't know how to deal with.
Has Neil Marshall been studying under Paul W.S. Anderson?


@highlight

Doomsday is a pale imitation of previous futuristic thrillers, minus the cohesive narrative and charismatic leads.